"They were talking about Maradona and it was not the normal atmosphere during a match.
But that was the only incident during the night as the artillery duels gradually died away.
For starters, Stefan Effenberg who was sent home in disgrace by coach Berti Vogts for making obscene gestures at German fans during their lucky victory over South Korea.
Matthaus, who has a German record of 118 caps, trained alone and in training shoes during the team training session here Thursday, concentrating on short sprints, stretching and ball juggling exercises.
The Germans have won their last two matches with Belgium during qualifying for the last European championships.
It was still unclear whether Arafat actually intended to travel to the West Bank self-rule enclave of Jericho during his three-day visit.
It was still unclear whether Arafat actually intended to travel to the West Bank self-rule enclave of Jericho during his three-day visit.
Simpson looked alert, yet subdued, during Thursday's proceeding.
Ayatollah Ahmad Janati said during Friday prayers at Tehran university that several top officials believed "Israel has a role" in the explosion in the mausoleum of Imam Reza in northeastern city of Mashhad.
Ruble firms one point to 1,988 to dollar  MOSCOW, July 1 (AFP)  The ruble gained one point during trading on Friday and was quoted at 1,988 on the Moscow interbank currency exchange.
He vowed to improve relations with other Asian nations, noting that Japan needed to "sincerely reflect on our past conduct, which caused suffering to many people" during the country's military expansion in World War II.
Opposition leaders were nonetheless invited to join the reception for Arafat at the Rafah border crossing with Egypt during the afternoon.
"I think that during a probationary period there will be great difficulties as you emerge -- and you must emerge -- from this euphoric period, however justified the present euphoria may be," he said.
The PLO chief brushed off death threats as "not the first and not the last" during a brief stopover in Cairo on his way to the Rafah crossing point into Gaza.
Twenty-four members of the US Congress wrote to Lord before the visit asking him to raise human rights and several specific cases during his talks with Vietnamese Foreign Minister Nguyen Manh Cam.
Skaggs said Vietnam had failed to respond to concerns raised during a round of talks on human rights in February in New York and called on Lord to press for more information on political and religious prisoners.
Meanwhile, a group of 300 radical students firebombed a police bus here during a violent protest against the government's heavy-handed policy against unionism.
The workers will not return to work, at least during the weekend, he said.
In a separate incident overnight, the Indian security forces shot dead four suspected guerrillas during a search operation near Kupwara, near the border with Pakistan.
Clinton echoed this soon afterwards during a summit here with the Japanese prime minister.
It stuck to the precedent at past inter-Koream prime ministerial talks during which the South Korean media used relay facilities at set times.
The finance ministry indicated meanwhile that the amount spent by Japan during recent intervention to halt the rise of the yen amounted to billions of dollars.
Kinkel also repeated Germany's priorities during its tenure as head of the 12-member European Union, which include fighting unemployment, improving EU relations with eastern and central Europe and preparing for an EU summit on institutional reform in 1996.
The assembly of soldiers ahead of demobilisation has been slow since it began last November, raising fears that armed troops would still be at large during campaigning for the country's first democratic elections in October.
Israel has also deployed 8,000 police in "Operation Scorching Desert" in a bid to stamp out any unrest during the five-day visit.
The key market indicator repeated ups and downs during the week in nervous trading, dominated by currency market movements.
- 1948: He fights with the Palestinian militia in Gaza during the Palestinian war.
(BEIRUT) - September 1970: Arafat sets up the PLO's headquarters in Beirut after being chased out of Jordan, where thousands of Palestinians are massacred during confrontations with the Jordanian army.
- November 9, 1977: Arafat attends an Egyptian parliamentary debate during which President Anwar Sadat announces his wish to visit Jerusalem to negotiate peace with Israel.
Polish officials said that during the visit Warsaw will push its main foreign policy goal -- joining the European Union -- and aim to strengthen the so-called Weimar Triangle, or three-way cooperation between France, Poland and Germany, begun in 1991.
- May 2, 1989: Arafat declares PLO National Charter obsolete during visit to Paris.
Palestinian police in charge of Arafat's security: Rabin  JERUSALEM, July 1 (AFP)  The Palestinian police are responsible for the security of PLO chairman Yasser Arafat during his landmark visit to the Gaza Strip, Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin said Friday.
General Abdel Razek Yehya, Palestinian member of the joint liaison committee on security, offered his Israeli counterpart General Yom Tov Samia on Thursday the use of Israeli army communications equipment to ease contacts during Arafat's visit, military sources said.
The French team will concentrate mainly on establishing contacts, and sources close to the minister said that they did not expect any big contracts to be signed during the visit.
The French business leaders are mindful that German companies won contracts worth 16 billion francs (2.96 billion dollars) during a visit by Chancellor Helmut Kohl to Beijing in November, but they are aware that they have much to do to make up for last time.
He vowed to improve relations with other Asian nations, noting that Japan needed to "sincerely reflect on our past conduct, which caused suffering to many people" during the country's military expansion in World War II.
He stressed he and his Russian counterpart Andrei Kozyrev had reached an understanding during a meeting in Tbilisi Thursday.
Her tiny, unseeded opponent, Kournikova, who was 14 three weeks ago, made more noise than Monica Seles in her heyday during the rallies and belied her stature with the power she generated on her groundstrokes.
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni made the proposal during an hour- long meeting with his French counterpart, Francois Mitterrand, French presidential sources said.
Prices remained above 385 dollars per ounce during the week on the continued weakness of the dollar as speculators used the currency as a "safe haven" from the turbulence on foreign exchange markets.
Platinum floated around 400 dollars per ounce during the week, before climbing on Friday in the wake of its sister-metal palladium, which lifted on a shortage in supply.
Copper declined around 80 dollars during the week to 2,390 dollars per tonne on poor stocks and as dealers worried that the dollar's collapse could see higher US interest rates.
Lead declined around 10 dollars during the week to 577 dollars per tonne, but dealers said they were optimistic in the longer-term for the metal.
Employees at the two facilities are to take compulsory holdays and lower pay during the closure.
Aluminium dropped initially during the week, but then rose to a closing high since March 1991 at 1,498 dollars per tonne on Thursday, on expectations of large stock downdraws.
Nickel dropped about 225 dollars during the week to end at around 6,235 dollars per tonne.
Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin stressed Friday the Palestinian police were responsible for Arafat's security during the visit.
Tin dropped 220 dollars during the week to end about 5,320 dollars per tonne.
The price of cocoa was weaker during the week on lack of interest in a market lacking news.
In a market already suffering from a production deficit, prices rose 1,000 dollars during the week to end above 3,250 dollars per tonne Dealers said the frost, which hit the centre and southern states in Brazil, could cause a severe cut in prodcution.
The changes came during presidential elections.
The Economist Intelligence Unit also predicted that prices would rise 15 percent during the year 1994-1995.
It also covered China trade and opium prices in Canton, a major market for the British East India Company, which set up a base in India during the reign of Queen Elizabeth I and paved the way for 200 years of colonial rule.
Bakker left the prison before dawn and went directly to a halfway house in North Carolina where he will spend the remaining five months of his sentence working during the day.
Footsie shows hesitant rise  LONDON, July 1 (AFP)  After dropping five percent the previous week, the London stock exchange showed a hesitant rise this week, but dealers were not expecting any significant gains during the summer.
The FT-SE 100 index of leading shares rose 59.8 points during the week to end at 2,936.4 points -- a weekly gain of 2.1 percent.
Swede sets world record  NORRKOPING, Sweden, July 1 (AFP)  Jan Karlsson broke his own 50m butterfly world record here on Friday, when he clocked 24.27sec during the Swedish national swimming championships.
Kurnikova, who was 14 three weeks ago, made more noise than Monica Seles in her heyday during the rallies and belied her stature with the power she generated on her groundstrokes.
The indicator had lost a total of 6.7 percent during the previous three weeks.
Swede sets world's best  NORRKOPING, Sweden, July 1 (AFP)  Jan Karlsson set a new world's best time for the 50m butterfly here on Friday, when he clocked 24.27sec during the Swedish national swimming championships.
The 40-year-old Scot, who had equalled Faldo's course record with his opening 65, could follow up with only a 73 as a stiff wind picked up during the day.
Israeli military and government leaders told Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin during a meeting that talks could start on widening autonomy, the official said.
They expressed their joy to see him, but also let him know they were disappointed by his proposals by turning their backs on him during his speech."
"I have bet them that I'm not going to throw my racket during this tournament and I want to collect the winnings," he said.
He was also fined for receiving illegal medical treatment off court after asking for a toilet-break during a particularly tough third- round clash against Javier Frana of Argentina.
"I think they agreed with me, however," quipped Becker after the match adding that all the controversy about his behaviour during the event hadn't affected him.
The new council will have broad powers to regulate the banking system and to direct the flow of currency and bank deposits to ensure it has funds to keep the banking system running during the financial emergency, according to a presidential decree.
Caldera, 78, who first served as president during better economic times from 1969-1974, returned to govern February 2 to find the economy in sorry shape with Venezuelans growing impatient with failed efforts to correct it.
Pangoulias fielded every player in his 22-man squad, the only manager to do so during the three-match group stage.
Shaath said Arafat would go to the tiny self-rule enclave of Jericho during his five-day stay.
The footballs will be displayed at UN headquarters during the month of July.
But Perot, who endorsed Clinton at one point during the campaign, clashed with the president over the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and now appears to be taking aim at his health care reform program.
Polish officials said that during the visit Warsaw will push its main foreign policy goal -- joining the European Union -- and aim to strengthen the so-called Weimar Triangle, or three-way cooperation between France, Germany and Poland, begun in 1991.
Gligorov was speaking to reporters during the visit here of French minister for European affairs Alain Lamassoure, who also called the Greek embargo unacceptable and said all EU pressure available should be applied to make Athens compromise.
One killed, 17 hurt in accidents during Arafat return  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 2 (AFP)  One Palestinian was killed and 17 injured, including five senior police officers, in accidents Friday during the return here of PLO chairman Yasser Arafat, hospital sources said.
Despite his youth, there has been nothing childish about his first professional season, during which he has scored 55 goals in 57 matches for his club Cruzeiro.
"I like to read in my spare time," said Ruffai, who completed a Master of Business Administration degree at Antwerp University during his spare time.
Speaking at a press conference at the end of the first day of a triumphant return to the Gaza Strip in the wake of the PLO's autonomy deal with Israel, Arafat also said the members of the new Palestinian Authority would be sworn in in Jericho during his current visit.
One June 8, he made a similar speech during the unusual promotion of 19 PLA officers to the rank of general, which brought to 42 the number of generals in the Chinese military.
(picture) US delegation pushes for further progress on MIAs by Robert Templer  HANOI, July 2 (AFP)  A senior US delegation sent to Vietnam by President Bill Clinton pushed for faster progress towards accounting for missing soldiers during talks Saturday with Vietnamese officials.
In Gorazde, in the eastern Moslem-held enclave, an observation post where a British soldier was killed last week, twice came under fire during the day.
Japanese and Chinese negotiators, including business leaders and bureaucrats, are to exchange views on future cooperation between the two countries during the five-day talks, the officials said.
The agreement calls on the two sides not to use national flags and anthems during the meeting between President Kim Young-Sam and his Northern counterpart Kim Il-Sung.
The agreement calls on the two sides not to use national flags and anthems during the meeting between President Kim Young-Sam and his Northern counterpart Kim Il-Sung to avoid arguments over legitimacy.
He also expected to see an Israeli delegation during the five-day stay, Shaath said.
The day's other excitement came from Sainz's teammate Scot Colin McRae, who won the first four specials but then rolled his Subaru during a dangerous mountain descent.
Arafat meets Israeli deputy minister in Gaza  JERUSALEM, July 2 (AFP)  PLO chairman Yasser Arafat had an unofficial meeting early Saturday with Israeli Deputy Agriculture Minister Walid Tzadik during his landmark visit to the Gaza Strip.
PLO chief autonomy negotiator Nabil Shaath said Arafat was also expected to see an Israeli delegation during his stay in the Gaza Strip.
The fighting picked up during the night and sporadic shelling persisted on Saturday in the Rwandan capital.
Schumacher unusually spun twice during the 90 minute session.
The fighting had picked up during the night in the Rwandan capital.
A second group of European Jews arrived here during the Second World War.
Motti Amir told AFP the guards, one of whom was armed with a pistol, were accompanying a crew working for the Arabic service of Israeli television during Arafat's landmark visit to the Gaza Strip Friday.
Fighting between the mainly Tutsi rebels of the Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) and the Hutu-led government forces picked up during the night and sporadic shelling persisted on Saturday in the Rwandan capital.
In Gorazde, in the eastern Moslem-held enclave, an observation post where a British soldier was killed last week, twice came under fire during the day.
Havel on private visit to US  PRAGUE, July 2 (AFP)  Czech President Vaclav Havel left Prague Saturday for a private visit to the United States, during which he is to receive a prize and meet ex-US president George Bush.
Crowe, who made a brave unbeaten 33 after a day of misery in the field, reported that he was feeling a little better after his 'flu bout during the past week.
Neither side gave any details of the negotiations on arms contracts that were on the agenda during Rao's visit.
A quarter of the assocation's 800 members say they were crippled by Israeli actions -- bullets or beatings -- during the intifada or uprising which began in December 1987.
But Iryani, speaking during a visit to New York, said: "The Americans did not mention Aden airport, which is considered a legitimate military target."
Fighting between the mainly Tutsi rebels of the Rwandan  Patriotic Front and the Hutu-led government forces picked up during the night  and sporadic shelling persisted in the Rwandan capital.
Hill and Mansell each held pole position twice during the one-hour session, but Hill won out with just six minutes of the period remaining.
(new series) Kohl says Germany aims for quick decision on commission presidency  BERLIN, July 2 (AFP)  A quick decision on a new head of the European Union's executive Commission is Germany's number one priority during its time as EU president, Chancellor Helmut Kohl said in an interview to be published Sunday.
Escobar, considered one of the best players on the Colombian team, put the ball into his own net during the match against the United States to give the hosts their first goal in a shock 2-1 win over Colombia on June 22.
Maung Maung, 69, the only civilian president during 26 years of socialist rule, came to power on August 19, 1988.
Maung Maung born in the northern Burmese city of Mandalay, served briefly in the Burmese army during World War II.
Jose Camacho, a salesman in a knife shop where Simpson bought a stilleto in May, admitted during his testimony Thursday that he and his two bosses would split 12,500 dollars paid by a tabloid scandal sheet for their stories.
Iryani, speaking during a visit to New York, also accused southern forces of using new Mig-29 warplanes Thursday to bomb the Marib oil field east of Sanaa.
Escobar, considered one of the best players on the Colombian team, put the ball into his own net during the match against the United States to give the hosts their first goal in a shock 2-1 win over Colombia on June 22.
As expected defender, Thomas Helmer took over from Stefan Effenberg, sent home in disgrace earlier this week after a provocative gesture to German fans during last Monday's 3-2 win over South Korea in Dallas.
Donors pledged 720 million dollars for Palestinian self-rule during 1994, of which 180 million was to cover the authority's budget deficit.
"The Duchess of Kent tried to convince me to play again next year when she spoke to me during the presentation ceremony.
The agreement was signed at the group's headquarters in Linz, northwest Austria, during a visit by Chinese Prime Minister Li Peng.
The session was also marked by a brief scuffle between Ajax club-mates Frank de Boer and Marc Overmars during a 30-minute game between the first team and reserves.
Israeli leaders decided during a meeting Friday they were ready to tackle the question of widening autonomy, launched in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank town of Jericho on May 4, official sources said.
Jose Camacho, a salesman in a knife shop where Simpson bought a stiletto in May, admitted during his testimony Thursday that he and his two bosses would split 12,500 dollars paid by a tabloid scandal sheet for their stories.
Khamenei warns of Israeli influence in Azerbaijan  TEHRAN, July 2 (AFP)  Iran's spiritual guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei warned against Israeli influence in Azerbaijan, during talks with Azeri President Geidar Aliyev on Saturday.
Escobar, considered one of the best players on the Colombian team, put the ball into his own net during the match against the United States to give the hosts their first goal in a shock 2-1 win over Colombia on June 22.
Seven wounded as mortar shell blasts church wedding guests  BELFAST, July 2 (AFP)  Seven people were wounded, including one seriously, Saturday when a shell from a mortar attack aimed at a British army barracks in south Belfast exploded next to a church during a wedding celebration, police said.
Israel seized the West Bank and the Gaza Strip during the Middle East war of 1967.
Maradona blasts FIFA  MERRIMACK, New Jersey, July 2 (AFP)  Diego Maradona blasted football officials for barring him from the World Cup on Saturday, and again denied he had taken a banned drug during the finals.
He was staying in an apartment in a resort north of Boston, where Argentina were based during the first round of the tournament.
He added that two workers at the pumping station were killed by a mine during initial repair attempts, without saying when the deaths occurred.
Artillery fire and rockets exploded in Aden's northern and western suburbs during the evening, in what a southern military spokesman described as "the most violent bombardments" of the war.
He was staying in an apartment in a resort north of Boston, where Argentina were based during the first round of the tournament.
Anani said that US Secretary of State Warren Christopher would visit Jordan, also in the second half of July, during a shuttle between Israel and Syria aimed at relaunching peace negotiations on that front.
    VENTIANE:      US delegation visits in connection with missing                    American soldiers during Vietnam war.
    HANOI:         30th operation to try to find US soldiers missing                    in action during Vietnam War ends.
Arafat made the appeal during a meeting here with representatives from several western countries.
The French consul in east Jerusalem, Jean de Gliniasty, said that the PLO chairman spoke at length during the meeting with the western diplomats on the need for funding in the autonomous regions and "we tried to reassure him."
Senna is still sorely missed, as evidenced during Brazil's two wins over Russia and Cameroon at Stanford Stadium, where fans displayed a large banner with his picture on it.
Artillery fire and rockets exploded in Aden's northern  and western suburbs during the evening, in what a southern military spokesman  described as "the most violent bombardments" of the Yemen war.
"Life's not like before, but it's better than during the war," she says.
Committee member, MP Gibson Munyoro said McGown showed no compunction during interviews.
University students later demonstrated in the streets of the capital, Harare, after a local newspaper reported that Princess Diana, the Queen's daughter-in-law, had intervened to have McGown's bail conditions eased during a visit to Zimbabwe.
It was in the narrow alleys of the camp that Arafat's armed guerrillas of the Fatah Hawks held sway during the intifada or revolt against Israeli rule.
John Ralph, deputy chairman of CRA, told a television interviewer here that the mining industry would press the ruling Australian Labor Party (ALP) to change its so-called three-mines policy during a party conference in September.
Government officials were not immediately available for comment, but it has been customary for emergency rule to be relaxed during the run- up to elections.
China backs Estonia on Russian troop pullout  MOSCOW, July 3 (AFP)  Chinese Foreign Minister Qian Qichen stressed China's support for the unconditional withdrawal of Russian troops from Estonia by August 31, during a visit to the Baltic state, the Baltic News Service (NBS) said Sunday.
No country should maintain troops in another country without that state's consent, Qian said during talks with Estonian President Lennart Meri in Tallinn on Saturday.
The Puerto Rican, who won the crown in 1992, had his opponent in trouble during the first round and floored him twice in the second before the referee stopped the bout.
The launch is an important boost for the Chinese space industry following an explosion in April that killed two people and injured 20 more during testing for a new Chinese geostationary satellite at the Xichang launch site in western Sichuan province.
It was in the narrow alleys of the camp that Arafat's armed guerrillas of the Fatah Hawks held sway during the intifada or revolt against Israeli rule.
It was in the narrow alleys of the Rafah camp that Arafat's armed guerrillas of the Fatah Hawks held sway during the intifada or revolt against Israeli rule.
Finance Minister Masayoshi Takemura was quoted as saying that Japan might even ask other the other G7 countries -- the United States, Germany, France, Britain, Italy and Canada -- to specifically mention currency rates in their economic statement to be released during the summit.
Hill's teammate Nigel Mansell had been forced to abandon due to mechanical problems during the race.
Butare is near the front between mainly Hutu government troops and the RPF, which controls more than half the country, and on Saturday French soldiers had noted a "strong push" by rebels towards the town during reconnaisance patrols.
NC Parliamentary Party Secretary Rishi Kesh Gautam told journalists that the changes had received a two-thirds majority as required during a closed door party meeting at the prime minister's house.
They have been calling for Koirala's resignation alleging he deliberately spoke out criticising NC President Krishna Prasad Bhattarai during a February by-election, which led to Bhattarai being defeated.
US forces were on assignment in the Gulf to protect neutral ships from Iranian attacks during the 1980-1988 Iran-Iraq war.
Peres said he was "pleasantly surprised by the moderate proposals" of the PLO chief, who has repeatedly stressed his respect for the Israeli-PLO peace accord during his visit.
Saggiori, an Italian, said during his career he had either uncovered plenty of forged celebrities including Einstein and Berlioz or discovered genuine manuscripts which were unsigned, including Dickens and Paganini.
Economic ties and human rights were the centre of discussions during Li's visit to Austria, which was marked by demonstrations by human rights organisations and a boycott by vice chancellor Erhard Busek.
Boardman was shepherded throughout by Frenchman Jean-Claude Colotti, who said: "Chris is learning very quickly -- he didn't get nervous and listened to our advice during the chase."
Brahimi failed to end the conflict during a 10-day fact-finding mission to the region.
Fifty-two people were arrested during the protests outside the cabinet meeting, police said.
The two men are to meet Monday, after which Li is to take part in a Sino-German trade conference during which the two sides are to create working groups on cooperation in four areas: railroads, infrastructure, vocational training and financing.
After a storm in Israel over Arafat's call in May for a holy war to free the disputed capital, he did not ask to visit Jerusalem during his five or six day stay.
(AFP) Thank you for having us Spain's World Cup delegation felt so at home in their Chicago base during the first round that they gave parting gifts to administrators of the Indian Lakes Resort where they stayed.
He has signed a 30,000-dollar exclusive deal with the weekly Sport- Bild and his first article on Wednesday will lift the lid on goings-on inside the German camp, which was beset by bickering during the first three weeks of the finals.
He said a small amount of highly enriched and weapons-grade plutonium was found during a police search last month in the German city of Stuttgart.
Boardman was shepherded throughout by Frenchman Jean-Claude Colotti, who said: "Chris is learning very quickly -- he didn't get nervous and listened to our advice during the chase."
Relations between Jordan and the Gulf states soured during the Gulf crisis of August 1990 to February 1992, when Amman was accused of favouring Iraq.
Trade and bilateral relations were the main issues during a 24-hour visit during which Qian had talks with Finnish President Martti Ahtisaari and with his counterpart Heikki Haavisto.
Earlier during his European tour Qian had visited Russia, Belarus and Lithuania.
Gallup surveyed 1,013 adults during a June 17-19 telephone poll commissioned by America's Talking, an NBC cable network program.
Kadhafi "received a message from Bahaa Al-Omari, wife of Mansour Kikhia, after have been received by him during a visit to Libya," JANA said, without giving the date of the meeting.
Westerhof, 59, Nigeria's coach for five years, has survived several coup attempts during bumpy tenure.
He said: "Two hundred and fifty-seven enemy soldiers and officers were killed, 309 injured and 77 taken prisoner in the fighting, which is still going on" during the evening.
He said a small amount of highly enriched and weapons-grade plutonium was found during a police search last month in the German city of Stuttgart.
Mitterrand due in South Africa to outline partnership deal  CAPE TOWN, July 4 (AFP)  French President Francois Mitterrand arrives here Monday for a two-day visit during which he will address parliament and outline a future partnership accord between both countries.
Often the right balance in a team is found during a tournament and we have found that line-up.
As a 17-year-old Islas first courted infamy when he kicked an opponent in the head in a petulant outburst during the World Youth Cup final against Brazil in 1983 in Mexico.
Another poll in The Australian showed respondents more optimistic about living standards than at any time for nine years, while a survey released Monday by the ANZ Bank showed 45 percent growth in job advertisements during the financial year just finished.
The value of overseas assets increased by 729.5 million dollars to 36.7 billion dollars during the January-April period, The saturation of the foreign investment ceiling in the Seoul bourse and Korea's soaring trade deficits were blamed for the slow inflow of foreign funds, a Bank of Korea spokesman said.
It would spark a "witch-hunt 10 times worse" than the anti-communist clampdown during the McCarthy era in the United States, he said.
He added that it would be signed during his week-long trip There was no agreement in 1993 as the two countries quarrelled over French arms sales to Taiwan.
It was used by Israeli officials during the military occupation that ended early May.
Israeli soldiers at Jericho entrance checkpoints said only West Bank Palestinians and reporters would be allowed into Jericho during Arafat's stay.
Military UN officials said the Kacyiru police camp in the north of the city fell during the fighting.
The paper said, during the 40-minute interview, that Carter toned down slightly the rosy picture he had painted after his discussion in Pyongyang last month with North Korean President Kim Il Sung, which helped ease tension created by the nuclear crisis.
Temperatures in the West Bank oasis soar beyond 40 Celsius (beyond 104 Fahrenheit) during the day.
Arafat would return to Gaza during the afternoon and leave for Paris on Wednesday, Shath added.
Since arriving Friday after 27 years in exile, Arafat has received a hero's welcome everywhere he has gone and was expected to continue his progress around the Strip during the afternoon.
Further north in the Doboj area, there was an increase in the number of artillery exchanges during the course of Sunday, and a total of 102 explosions were reported in the Posavina corridor region which links western Bosnian Serb-held territory with Serbia proper.
The number of people employed during 1993-94 was 118,000 which was 4,300 more than during the previous year, but on the same asset base the number of people employed had been reduced because 6,300 people were employed by new subsidiaries.
It had been used by Israeli officials during the military occupation that ended early May.
Israeli soldiers at Jericho entrance checkpoints said only West Bank Palestinians and reporters would be allowed into Jericho during Arafat's stay.
In the evening trucks spray the streets with water, and policemen posted on main roads warn drivers that some routes would be closed off during Arafat's visit.
Temperatures in the West Bank oasis soar beyond 40 Celsius (beyond 104 Fahrenheit) during the day.
Arafat would return to Gaza during the afternoon and leave for Paris on Wednesday, Shath added.
Since arriving Friday after 27 years in exile, Arafat has received a hero's welcome everywhere he has gone and was expected to continue his progress around the Strip during the afternoon.
Since arriving Friday after 27 years in exile, Arafat has received a hero's welcome everywhere he has gone and was expected to continue his progress visiting thecentral area of the Strip during the afternoon.
Arafat would return to Gaza during the afternoon and leave for Paris on Wednesday.
But southern warplanes were heard leaving the airport en masse during the morning, the Kuwaiti news agency KUNA reported.
Northern troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh stepped up their artillery and missile bombardment of Aden's residential districts during the morning, destroying many homes, KUNA said.
Palestinian with pistol arrested during Arafat tour  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 4 (AFP)  The Palestinian police on Monday arrested a Palestinian armed with a pistol in his belt at the Gaza Strip's main prison during a visit there by PLO chief Yasser Arafat.
The action-movie star, nicknamed India's Rambo, allegedly confessed during interrogation that he had bought an assault rifle from a member of the Bombay underworld, which police say masterminded the explosions.
He denied knowing anything about the bombing plot, saying he had bought the banned weapon to protect his family in case of attack during communal riots that raged in Bombay in December 1992 and January 1993.
German police said an officer's gun went off accidentally during an altercation, fatally wounding the teenager.
The UN officer said at least 200 explosions rocked the region in less than two hours during and after the attacks.
Lebanon's Shiite Moslem leader Sheikh Mohammad Mehdi Shamseddin vowed on the weekend to continue the fight against Israel until the "last breath" during talks in Teheran with Iranian leaders, the Iranian news agency reported.
In his interview Sunday, Freeh said a small amount of highly enriched and weapons-grade plutonium was found during a police search last month in the German city of Stuttgart.
Armed Palestinian arrested during Arafat tour  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 4 (AFP)  A Palestinian armed with a pistol was arrested Monday outside the new Palestinian police headquarters where PLO chief Yasser Arafat was meeting with security officials, an AFP correspondent said.
Hanoi's 135 kilometer (84 mile)-long sewer system, more than half of which dates from the French colonial period that ended in 1954, regularly blocks up and overflows during heavy rains, causing foul- smelling flooding in the city.
MFI said it had refitted seven stores in Britain during the year, opened two more, bringing the total to 178, and planned to open 10 others.
London stocks up one percent at noon-hour  LONDON, July 4 (AFP)  The London stock market scored a solid gain during the first half of the Monday trading session, encouraged by a higher futures market and gains on other European bourses, traders said.
Paris and London shares higher in thin trading  LONDON, July 4 (AFP)  Share prices rose in thin early trading on Monday as investors were sidelined with the closure of US markets and ahead of several key central bank and international meetings during the week, dealers said.
No plans for Christopher visit to Hanoi: US official  HO CHI MINH CITY, July 4 (AFP)  US Secretary of State Warren Christopher has no plans at the moment to visit Vietnam during a trip through Asia for a regional conference in Bangkok, a top official said Monday.
The incident, described by Mohajerani as a "misunderstanding", provoked violent demonstrations in Zahedan, a main Sunni town in Iran, during the 15th anniversary of the 1979 Islamic revolution in February.
Israeli soldiers at Jericho entrance checkpoints said only West Bank Palestinians and reporters would be allowed into Jericho during Arafat's stay.
For the past two days, policemen posted along main roads have warned drivers the routes will be closed during the PLO chief's visit.
Arafat would return to Gaza during the afternoon and leave for Paris on Wednesday, Shaath added.
French firms sign near billion dollars worth of China contracts  BEIJING, July 4 (AFP)  Contracts and letters of intent valued at 5.39 billion French francs (almost a billion dollars) were signed here Monday by French firms during a visit by French Foreign Trade Minister Gerard Longuet, officials said.
A UN officer said at least 200 explosions rocked the region in less than two hours during and after the attacks.
Lebanon's Shiite Moslem leader Sheikh Mohammad Mehdi Shamseddin vowed at the weekend to continue the fight against Israel until the "last breath" during talks in Teheran with Iranian leaders.
"Innocent people could be accused," he said, adding that the law would spark a witch-hunt worse than the anti-communist clampdown during the McCarthy era in the United States.
He failed to start the tour at all after injuring his left ankle while getting off the podium during the presentation of the teams on Friday last week.
A southern military spokesman said Sunday that fierce clashes took place in the Hadramawt region during the evening.
He said during the interrogation he was shown confessions by his arrested aides Hammad Bagadi, Abdul Rahman Farah and Saif Eddin Saeed.
The action-movie star confessed during interrogation that he had bought an assault rifle from a member of the Bombay underworld, which police say masterminded the explosions.
Police say that Dutt had originally procured three assault rifles but returned two and destroyed the remaining one during a massive hunt for the Bombay bombers.
The actor has however denied knowing anything about the bombing plot, saying he had bought the banned weapon to protect his family in case of attack during communal riots that raged in Bombay in December 1992 and January 1993.
Investigators said Moslem gangsters owing allegiance to Ibrahim carried out the bombings in revenge for Hindu militant attacks on their community during the riots that erupted after the December 1992 destruction of the Babri mosque in Ayodhya.
He failed to start the tour at all after injuring his left ankle while getting off the podium during the presentation of the teams on Friday last week.
The Khormaksar suburb surrounding the airport suffered the heaviest casualty figures during the day's shelling.
The money was to have been spent on reconstruction projects in areas destroyed during the 1980-1988 Iran-Iraq war.
Speaking during a visit here as part of a European tour to mark Germany's six-month tenure of the European Union presidency, Kinkel told journalists relations between the two countries were "good" despite the failed candidacy of Dutch premier Ruud Lubbers for the EU's top executive post.
Kooijmans and Kinkel discussed the priorities Germany has set itself during its term as president, which began July 1, Kinkel said.
Craxi, who is currently convalescing in Tunisia, refused to comment on the move during a telephone interview with the Italian news agency Ansa.
Elsewhere, traders said copper tube, wire and sheet manufacturers in North America are expecting a slowdown in orders during the third or fourth quarter of this year following two quarters of very strong demand.
Northern gunners also targeted Aden airport Monday, but at least three southern warplanes were able to take off from there during the day.
The south's "foreign minister" Abdallah al-Asnaj blamed the north for the collapse of the ceasefire, during a visit to New York.
Meanwhile, the Iranian parliament voiced its support of Yemeni unity during a visit there by northern Yemeni MPs. The south declared the Yemen Democratic Republic on May 21, ending four years of uneasy unity after former North and South Yemen were merged in 1990.
Freeh, who arrived in Moscow Saturday evening for a three-day visit, was due to inaugurate the FBI's first office in Russia during his visit.
Gober announced during a visit to a centre that manufactures artificial limbs that the US government was to give 200,000 US dollars to help projects in Vietnam.
Bosnian Serbs forces have regularly hit Kosevo hospital during two years of shelling of the Bosnian capital.
Rudasingwa informed Chalker that the RPF had captured the Rwandan capital Kigali and the southern town of Butare from government forces, but only humanitarian concerns were discussed during the meeting, the sources said.
He was speaking after a meeting with Belgian Prime Minister Jean-Luc Dehaene during a tour of European Union capitals to find a way out of an embarrassing  crisis over the replacement of Jacques Delors as the EU's chief executive.
A UN officer said at least 200 explosions rocked the region in less than two hours during and after the attacks.
Lebanon's Shiite Moslem leader Sheikh Mohammad Mehdi Shamseddin vowed at the weekend to continue the fight against Israel until the "last breath" during talks in Teheran with Iranian leaders.
"But during the first half the Irish did not get the opportunity to play their own type of game and that's what decided the match."
"The Irish really went for it during the second half and despite their will and guts they couldn't get the two goals they needed.
Jabr said the Israeli army will help ensure no trouble breaks out during Arafat's visit, by sending helicopters overhead and preventing Jewish settlers from entering the area.
Israeli soldiers at Jericho entrance checkpoints said only West Bank Palestinians and reporters would be allowed into Jericho during Arafat's stay.
Arafat would return to Gaza during the afternoon and leave for Paris on Wednesday, Shaath added.
Around 1,000 officers were involved in the operation, during which a large number of weapons were also seized, the officials in this southern port city said.
Protestant loyalists did most killing in 1993: police  BELFAST, July 4 (AFP)  Protestant paramilitary groups were responsible for most of the sectarian murders carried out during 1993 in the British province of Northern Ireland, according to an annual police report published here Monday.
The RUC report said that during 1993, the security forces seized 200 firearms, 20,000 bullets and cartridges and 18 tonnes of explosives or bomb ingrediants.
Northern gunners also targeted Aden airport Monday, but at least three southern warplanes were able to take off during the day.
The south's "foreign minister" Abdallah al-Asnaj blamed the north for the collapse of the ceasefire, during a visit to New York.
Meanwhile, the Iranian parliament voiced its support of Yemeni unity during a visit there by northern Yemeni MPs. The south declared the Yemen Democratic Republic on May 21, ending four years of uneasy unity after former conservative North and communist South Yemen were merged in 1990.
Coach Berti Vogts expelled Effenberg from the squad after he stuck a finger up at fans during the 3-2 Group C win over South Korea.
(LONDON) Becker's decline began during his wife Barbara's pregnancy but since the birth of son Noah at the start of the year, the former world number-one has changed his outlook and training system in a desperate bid to recapture his place among the world's elite.
He was also fined for receiving illegal physio treatment during an alleged toilet-break in a tough third-round clash against Frana.
But he clearly enjoyed the limelight during his two days of qualifying and could well be seen in the Williams again this season, despite the considerable fee he commanded here, which varying reports set as high as 1.5 million dollars.
Officials cited by the official Notimex news agency said the two victims were killed when a roof collapsed at a construction site in central Oaxaca during the quake.
The delegation, which was to have included Opposition Foreign Affairs spokesman Andrew Peacock and Labor backbencher Stephen Loosley was confirmed by Prime Minister Paul Keating during his visit to Vietnam in May.
Officials  cited by the official Notimex news agency said the two victims were killed  when a roof collapsed at a construction site in central Oaxaca during the  quake.
The zone stretches to Gikongoro, some 30 kilometers (20 miles) to the west of Butare, a key town captured by the rebels Monday, during which they also said they had complete control of the capital Kigali.
In the bureau's trend series, which smooths out monthly blips, retail trade grew by 0.2 percent in the month to May and by 5.7 percent during the year to May.
Australian Prime Minister Paul Keating met Hanoi leaders during a ground-breaking visit to Vietnam in May when he confirmed the delegation.
Evans said Canberra had taken up a suggestion by Vietnamese Prime Minister Vo Van Kiet, during his visit to Australia a year ago, that Vietnamese Australians should go back to to see for themselves the situation in Vietnam.
Managers agreed during a meeting Saturday to satisfy worker demands for prior notice and extra pay for working additional hours.
In 1988, a Chinese warship sank three Vietnamese vessels, killing 76 sailors, during a brief but bloody confrontaion over the Spratlys.
"They came just a few days before (the coup attempt) that is why we investigate," deputy minister of information Khieu Kanharith said during a break in Tuesday's session of parliament, where members were debating a bill outlawing the Khmer Rouge.
British soldiers, none of whom were hurt, returned fire during the first incident and have since reinforced their position.
A southern military spokesman said Sunday that fierce clashes took place in the Hadramawt region during the evening.
"Your excellency worries about outlawing the Khmer Rouge but remember that (Khmer Rouge nominal leader) Khieu Samphan would never accept a ceasefire," an irate Prince Ranariddh said during a break in parliament.
Sam Rainsy warned that the law could lead to a "witch hunt 10 times worse" than the anti-communist clampdown during the McCarthy era in the United States.
Malaria kills 46 in India  NEW DELHI, July 5 (AFP)  Malaria has killed 46 people and affected some 30,000 others in the eastern Indian state of West Bengal during the past two months, Press Trust of India (PTI) reported on Tuesday.
Touvier, 79, the Lyon militia chief during the German occupation in World War II, was the first Frenchman to be tried on crimes against humanity.
The two ministers were also to fix the date and venue for a meeting of Nigerian President Sani Abacha and his Cameroonian counterpart Paul Biya, who last met during the Organisation of African Unity summit in Tunis in mid-June.
Northern gunners also targeted Aden airport Monday, but at least three southern warplanes were able to take off during the day.
The Russian boat had fired shots during the seizure, injuring the captain in his left thigh and arm.
Polish Deputy Foreign Minister Robert Mroziewicz, said during the ceremony: "It is but the beginning of a process which should lead towards Poland's membership of NATO."
A southern military spokesman said Sunday that fierce clashes took place in the Hadramawt region during the evening.
British soldiers, none of whom were hurt, returned fire during the first incident and have since reinforced their position.
Foreign ministers from the eight countries were also to review the situation in the region "at a time when Iraq has not fully conformed to UN resolutions," imposed during the Gulf crisis, Kuwaiti officials said.
The Chinese premier also had talks in Bonn Tuesday with Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel, during which the question of human rights in China and Chinese-annexed Tibet figured prominently, German officials said.
The German section of Amnesty International had asked German government ministers and opposition figures to press for the release of 14 named detainees during the premier's visit, which has been marked by human rights protests.
Security forces remained on alert during the afternoon.
Both before and during the siege, Croat forces expelled Moslem civilians from their western-held part of town, sometimes shooting at them to force to cross no-man's-land to the Moslem side.
A southern military spokesman said Sunday that fierce clashes took place in the Hadramawt region during the evening.
Clinton will speak to the Polish parliament Thursday to renew the call for closer political, military, economic cooepration in Europe which he made before the French National Assembly on June 7 during his last European swing.
Clinton will press his efforts to support reforms in Eastern European and greater integration on the continent during the German leg of his trip, particularly a July 12 meeting with the European Commission in Berlin.
China to buy 800,000 tonnes of French grain  BEIJING, July 5 (AFP)  China will buy 800,000 tonnes of French grain this year, French Foreign Trade Minister Gerard Longuet said Tuesday during a visit to Beijing that also saw a proposal to build a 100-seat airliner in a three-way project with South Korea.
The 2.5 kilogram (5.5 pounds) bomb was intended to go off during evening prayers when a large number of pilgrims would have been in the mausoleum in a southern suburb of Tehran, IRNA said without giving further details.
The two countries are expected to sign a number of economic agreements during Zhelev's visit.
Sam Rainsy had earlier said he feared the law would spark off a "witch hunt 10 times worse" than the anti-communist clampdown during the McCarthy era in the United States.
Polish deputy foreign minister Robert Mroziewicz said during the ceremony: "This is but the beginning of a process which should lead towards Poland's membership of NATO."
The Paris Bourse essentially marked time during the first part of the session in quiet trading, as the CAC 40 index stood in early afternoon at 1,867.59 points, up just 0.08 percent on the day to that point as trading continued.
Ibn Masood, an electrical engineer from Sudan, was gunned down along with the five other militants by paramilitary troops during a search operation in Sopore, 60 kilometres (36 miles) from Srinagar, police said.
The crash occurred at the northwestern town of Dera Ismail Khan when the plane with 35 people aboard, including four crew, veered off the runway during landing and plunged into the field a kilometer (half a mile) away, APP said.
A southern military spokesman said Sunday that fierce clashes took place in the Hadramawt region during the evening.
Amid fears France could be caught up in a military escalation with  the advancing rebels, President Francois Mitterrand said during a visit to  South Africa that "France has no intention of directing a military operation  against anyone in Rwanda."
"Government forces took control of the airport in Riyhan following violent fighting during which machineguns and knives were used," the spokesman said.
Just before the Kuwait meeting Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Mussa acknowledged there were differences between the eight on the Yemen conflict, but said he hoped to arrive at a "more harmonious" position during the talks.
Rabbi Moshe Hirsh, leader of the ultra-orthodox Jewish sect Neturei Karta which opposes the state of Israel and zionism, attended the ceremony after embracing Arafat during the official reception.
Saying six months was not a long period during which to preside over the EU, the chancellor envisaged cooperating with France, Spain and possibly Italy, and he assured: "We are full of good will."
"Government forces took control of the airport in Riyhan following violent fighting during which machineguns and knives were used," the spokesman said.
Equities, bonds and the financial rand for non-resident investors were hammered during Tuesday's trading amid the persistent rumour that Keys, who is well respected by the business and financial community, would resign.
"The government of national unity has my personal loyalty and my wholehearted assurance of continuing support during my remaining time in office and thereafter," Keys' statement said.
"Government forces took control of the airport in Riyhan following violent fighting during which machineguns and knives were used," the spokesman said.
The guns, of varying types and calibres, were handed over during a meeting between ANC secretary general Cyril Rampahosa and regional police commissioner Lieutenant General Koos Calitz.
The meeting followed allegations by political parties that the ANC was deliberately obstructing the police probe into the March 11 shooting during a march by Zulus loyal to the ANC's rival Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP).
More than 50 people were killed when central Johannesburg was turned into a battleground during the march, 11 of them outside the ANC's downtown headquarters.
FBI cooperation with Moscow thrown by office glitch by Stephane Orjollet  MOSCOW, July 5 (AFP)  Russian-American efforts to fight organised crime got off to a wobbly start Tuesday during a visit by FBI chief Louis Freeh when the inauguration of his agency's Moscow bureau was cancelled at the last minute.
Investigators say Moslem gangsters owing allegiance to Ibrahim carried out the bombings in revenge for Hindu militant attacks on their community during the riots that erupted after the December 1992 destruction of the Babri mosque in Ayodhya.
A large quantity of satellite equipment was also seized during the raid in Orumieh in the West Azerbaijan province near the Turkish border, the daily Kayhan said.
The 20-year-old is regarded as one of Britain's brightest boxing talents but was roundly criticised for his arrogance and lack of dignity during the win over the outclassed Belcastro.
Russia's drinking World Cup  MOSCOW, July 5 (AFP)  Revelations of heavy drinking by Russian players during the World Cup have put further pressure on coach Pavel Sadyrin, whose appointment led to a boycott of the finals by a handful of key players.
The Ukrainian, who accused Becker of gamesmanship during his five-set marathon fourth round defeat, this time fell to France's comeback man Guy Forget.
"The government of national unity has my personal loyalty and my wholehearted assurance of continuing support during my remaining time in office and thereafter," Keys said.
The Paris Bourse did better, rising late in the day after a bout of weakness during the first part of the session.
The metal's recent price rise followed a substantial deficit in supply during the first quarter of this year, the British-based World Bureau of Metal Statistics said.
The metal had risen during the day on an encouraging 16,775-tonne fall in inventories, which now stand at 2,591,100 tonnes.
Dealers said that while is is fully factored into the market, it is worth noting that it is during these periods that scheduled maintenance is carried out, and potential faults can be discovered.
Several hundred Palestinians had waved him off from Jericho, but only about 5,000 had turned out during the day to welcome him, far short of the expected 250,000-strong crowd.
He finally returned to the pavilion for the last time after edging a DeFreitas away swinger to the grateful Graeme Hick during the second of Tuesday morning's brief periods of play.
The 2.5 kilogram (5.5 pound) bomb was hidden in a bag and had been intended to go off during evening prayers when a large number of pilgrims would have gathered in the mausoleum in a southern suburb of Tehran, the agency said.
Analysts were divided over what course the Fed policymakers might take during the two-day meeting of the Open Market Committee.
Former Jerusalem mayor dies  AMMAN, July 5 (AFP)  Former Jerusalem mayor Ruhi al-Khatib, who spent 25 years in exile, died aged 81 on Tuesday during a short trip to Jordan, a Palestinian source here said.
Khatib, who was born in Jerusalem, was expelled by Israel to Jordan after Israeli forces captured East Jerusalem from Jordanian rule during the 1967 Middle East war.
The first bomb, weighing 2.5 kilograms (5.5 pounds), was hidden in a bag and had been intended to go off during evening prayers when a large number of pilgrims would have gathered in the shrine, the agency said.
A meeting of creditors planned for next weekend in Paris has been delayed until the autumn, following difficulties faced by the Palestinian economy "minister" Ahmed Korei during a recent visit to the United States.
Dibaj had been missing for months, and his body was found during the search for the killers of Protestant priest Tedhis Mikhailian, IRNA said.
"Three or four times people held my arm during the game.
Meanwhile, Brazilian press reports said midfielder Zinho, substituted during the USA game, has played his last World Cup match.
"Government forces took control of the airport following violent fighting during which machineguns and knives were used," the spokesman said.
African visit  JOHANNESBURG, July 5 (AFP)  French President Francois Mitterrand departed for Paris from Jan Smuts airport here late Tuesday after a two-day South African visit during which he held lengthy talks with President Nelson Mandela.
The Ukrainian, who accused Becker of gamesmanship during his five-set marathon fourth round defeat at Wimbledon, fell to France's comeback man Guy Forget.
The papers said the names had been canvassed during intense consultations among EU governments after British Prime Minister John Major caused deadlock at the EU summit in Corfu last month by vetoing his Belgian counterpart Jean-Luc Dehaene.
"The radios made a significant contribution to the victory of freedom during the Cold War," Clinton said.
An Argentine television station, which had hired Maradona for interviews during the tournament, made the drugs claims.
Bilateral agreements signed during Mitterrand's aid included a promise of 250 million francs (nearly 50 million dollars) from France's development fund, with another 50 million to come.
The "big three" manufacturers -- Samsung, Hyundai and Goldstar -- exported three billion dollars' worth of semiconductor chips during the January-June period, up 60 percent from the same period last year.
The businessman, whose identity was withheld, was held in custody by police in Wanchai district late Tuesday after 2,000 rounds of ammunition, 43 rifles and 24 pistols were found in his office and his luxury flat during raids, he said.
Secret talks between the two countries at the highest levels have repeatedly been reported, including meetings in London during May and June which produced the breakthrough for the agenda agreement.
A meeting of creditors planned for next weekend in Paris has been delayed until the autumn, following difficulties faced by the Palestinian economy "minister" Ahmed Korei during a recent visit to the United States.
Malaysian authorities arrested Abu Talib and his 10 wives and confiscated several pornographic videotapes during a raid in Johor Bahru in April, the reports said.
Yeltsin said he was certain Clinton will raise the problem of anti- Russian discrimination during a visit to Latvia on Wednesday.
Wattana, deputy leader of the opposition Chart Thai party, denounced the US allegations as "groundless" during a televised speech before the House Wednesday.
A United Nations special rapporteur on human rights in Rwanda said last week that the slaughter of Tutsis people by government troops and Hutu militia during the past three months legally qualifies as "genocide".
Lebanese authorities helped by Syrian troops based in the country have been trying to wipe out drugs such as hashish and poppy growing which spread across the eastern Bekaa valley during the 1975-1990 civil war.
Carter told reporters that during his visit to Pyongyang, he was asked by North Korean President Kim Il-Sung to help work out problems between North Korea and the United States over the nuclear issue.
Secret talks between the two countries at the highest levels have repeatedly been reported, including meetings in London during May and June which produced the breakthrough for the agenda agreement.
Secret talks between the two countries at the highest levels have repeatedly been reported, including meetings in London during May and June which produced the breakthrough for the agenda agreement.
The bank also reported on Wednesday that its monetary reserves had increased by 500 million marks (316 million dollars) during the last banking week of June to 122.6 billion marks.
Stripped of the myths, Arafat surprises Israelis and Palestinians by Charly Wegman  JERUSALEM, July 6 (AFP)  Yasser Arafat, stripped of the mythology of PLO freedom fighter or terrorist, surprised Israelis and Palestinians alike during his whirlwind return to the homeland.
Kennedy, but he first rose to prominence as director of the Arms Control Agency during the Richard Nixon administration.
"Government forces took control of the airport following violent fighting during which machineguns and knives were used," the spokesman said.
The University of Ankara will confer an honorary doctorate in international relations on Zhelev during the visit.
But if shipped, they often rot during the journey.
Yeltsin said he was certain Clinton will raise the problem of anti- Russian discrimination during the Latvia visit.
Clinton, who met Latvian President Guntis Ulmanis, Lithuanian President Algirdas Brazauskas and Estonian President Lennart Meri over a working lunch, is also likely to raise the troop issue Sunday in Naples during his meeting with Yeltsin on the sidelines of the G7 summit meeting of the world's leading industrialised nations.
Secret talks between the two countries at the highest levels have repeatedly been reported, including meetings in London during May and June which produced the breakthrough for the agenda agreement.
Clinton was thought likely also to raise the troop issue Sunday in Naples during a meeting with Yeltsin on the sidelines of the G7 summit meeting of the world's leading industrialised nations.
Carter told reporters that during his visit to Pyongyang, he was asked by the North Korean president to help work out problems between North Korea and the United States over the nuclear issue.
Initially tense and nervous when he arrived, Arafat has managed to charm his people by going out to them in the street and mingling with them, although the turnout during the withdrawal of Israeli soldiers at the end of April was higher.
In return the opposition groups did not stage any anti-Arafat protests during his visit.
In a related development, a committee of North Cholla Province Council reported last month that a total of 3,956 civilians had been confirmed executed during the 1950-53 war in the southern province alone.
Massacres of civilians by both sides during the war have been widely reported and documented, and noted Korean War author Max Hastings wrote that he concluded from interviews with UN troops that the worst killings were in the first year of the war.
"We are on the verge of starting serious negotiations between the two concerned parties soon, during this month," King Hussein told a news conference.
Speaking at a news conference along with the presidents of Latvia, Estonia and Lithuania, Clinton said he had expressed his "firm conviction that we must continue on schedule for the Russian troop withdrawal" during a telephone conversation with Russian President Boris Yeltsin on Tuesday.
The US president said he would raise the issue with Yeltsin during a meeting on the sidelines of the G7 summit in Naples later in the week and asserted that Washington would continue "to push in a deliberate and firm way" for the withdrawal of Russian troops to be completed on schedule.
On two occasions during his speech, Clinton paused and shouted "Freedom!" in the three Baltic languages.
"We are on the verge of starting serious negotiations between the two concerned parties soon, during this month," King Hussein told a news conference before leaving Alexandria.
Industry minister Gerard Longuet said during a visit to China that it was "heartbreaking that one can blacken the image of a group" like Alcatel, and wondered whether such a case was "really a priority in a country (France) with 3.4 million unemployed workers".
The municipalities suffered a loss of tax revenue from fishing, which virtually stopped during the summer of 1989.
Of China, it said political imprisonment continued "on a large scale," with thousands of such inmates arrested in previous years remaining in custody, and hundreds arrested during the year.
The report added that torture was carried out in 19 countries, including Burma, China, India, Indonesia and Vietnam, while about 100 people "disappeared" during the year in seven countries, including Afghanistan, Cambodia, India, Papua New Guinea, the Philippines and Sri Lanka.
The Amnesty report said "the level of political violence remained high" there, with more than 4,300 people killed in politically-related incidents during the year.
About 100 people had "disappeared" across the continent during the year, the report said, citing in particular Chad, Ethiopia, Senegal, Sudan and Zaire, and adding that hundreds of other people remained missing.
Police spokesman Captain Wikus Weber said men armed with 9mm pistols in a pickup and others armed with AK-47 assault rifles stationed on the road opened fire on motorists during peak hour traffic.
"Some of our players lost five pounds (2.4 kilos) during the match," Italian team doctor Andrea Ferretti said on Wednesday.
"I never thought about it during the match but just before the goal it passed through my mind and I felt very sorry because we would not have deserved to have been eliminated."
Police spokesman Captain Wikus Weber said men armed with 9mm pistols in a pickup and others armed with AK-47 military-style assault rifles opened fire on the taxis and passing motorists during peak hour traffic.
The most executions were carried out in Iran, with 93 during the year, while at least 80 people were killed by the state in Saudi Arabia.
Amnesty also blamed armed rebel groups for political violence, in particular Kurdish authorities in northern Iraq and Islamic rebels in Algeria who had killed more than 150 people during the year.
Burmese casualties heavy in fight against drug warlord: report  BANGKOK, July 6 (AFP)  The Burmese military has suffered heavy casualties during recent battles against drug warlord Khun Sa, a senior member of the Rangoon junta said Wednesday.
Late last month, however, Radio Rangoon said the bodies of 250 MTA troops were found on the battlefield during six weeks of clashes.
"Three or four times people held my arm during the game.
South Africa is regarded as a world leader in artillery weapons, particularly its G5 and G6 mobile cannons, which received their battle colours during the former white-minority government's bush war against Namibian guerrillas and in interventions in Angola in support of rebel leader Jonas Savimbi.
'Man-of-the-match' Thorpe, who also picked up two catches, cracked 18 boundaries during his 135-ball innings and his 180-run third wicket stand with David Ward ((87) was a Surrey record for any partnership in the 60-overs competition.
Caddick removed Michael Vaughan, Richie Richardson and England all- rounder Craig White at a cost of only 28 runs during his 12 overs as Yorkshire collapsed to 215 all out.
I feel very lucky," said the 42-year-old cardiovascular surgeon during a news conference at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration control center in Houston, Texas.
"Some will say the BBC has been set in aspic during a period of unprecedented change", said the Telegraph, but "one of the most powerful justifications for the government's prudence is precisely the need to preserve the values of public service broadcasting amid the tide of technologically driven commercialism."
A total of 700 million shares priced at nine pesos (33.33 cents each) will be offered during the IPO to Filipino investors who can apply for a maximum of 5,000 shares each, leaving 300 million shares to be auctioned off to all comers including foreigners.
The ultra-left Khmer Rouge, blamed for the death of a million Cambodians during a reign of terror in the 1970s, have been fighting a guerrilla campaign against the coalition government that emerged from UN-sponsored elections last year.
The ultra-left Khmer Rouge, blamed for the death of a million Cambodians during a reign of terror in the 1970s, have been fighting a guerrilla campaign against the coalition government that emerged from UN-sponsored elections last year.
Slovakia is keen to sell military hardware and other products to India, which signed an agreement with Russia during Rao's recent visit to Moscow on resumption of defence supplies.
The arms were uncovered Wednesday in a search during an inquiry into a trafficking ring for stolen cars, they said.
"It remains to be seen if inflation will make as much progress as I wish during the next 24 months," he said.
Rexrodt said he was in favour of a reduction of taxes in Germany, particularly on companies, during the lifetime of the next parliament.
Harjono, one of the panel trying Rosalino dos Santos, 20, said by telephone from the provincial capital Dili that the East Timorese man was found guilty on Wednesday of discrediting the government by taking part in the protest during a visit by foreign journalists last April.
The five East Timorese were among 150 youths who demonstrated in front of a Dili hotel with banners during a visit by foreign journalists.
That would involve breaking my word to the people of Hong Kong -- and that I do not intend to do," he said during his monthly question period with lawmakers.
Four former Bapindo executives testified during Tansil's trial last month that pressure from Sudomo and Sumarlin had led them to issue the credits.
Finance Minister Sam Rainsy had expressed fears that the law would lead to a witch-hunt of government critics "10 times worse" than the anti-communist clampdown during the McCarthy era in the United States.
Li Peng has also come under fire during his visit from the supporters of Tibetan independence from China.
General George Joulwan, who was invited to Poland by General Tadeusz Wilecki, the Polish army's chief of staff, will meet with President Lech Walesa during his trip as well as various military officials.
Mahathir is to hold talks with French leaders during his three-day official visit to France, the second in 10 years.
Two years ago, during the second Bledisloe Cup test in Australia, Loe broke Carozza's nose in what appeared to be a late tackle.
The city has been without running water for more than a week after a water pumping station was destroyed during the northern advance.
The use of individual firearms proliferated in Lebanon during the 1975-1990 civil war when militias ruled the streets but they were disbanded at the end of the conflict and ordered to hand over their heavy weapons.
Human rights groups to convene for Bangkok ASEAN meeting  BANGKOK, July 7 (AFP)  Human rights groups from at least eight countries are to meet in Bangkok this month to focus attention on regional issues during the ASEAN foreign ministers conference, the organizer said Thursday.
The Murayama-Kim meeting will focus on North Korea's suspected nuclear arms development and compensation for victims of Japan's occupation during World War II, government sources was quoted as saying.
The city has been without running water for more than a week after a water pumping station was destroyed during the northern advance.
According to diplomatic sources quoted in the local media here "the pressure will be on" Mobutu during the current summit.
The shipyard's president, Song Yong-Su, and the union struck an agreement calling for a wage hike of about 45,000 won (56 dollars) per month during talks at the LNG carrier.
Li has also come under fire during his visit from the supporters of Tibetan independence from China.
Jamal Mahrum, 36, said he had been tortured during his first year in prison but he refused to identify the group he was with at the time of his arrest in 1983.
Thursday's bilateral was a follow-up to talks the two leaders held in Tunisia last month during the annual summit of the Organisation of African Unity.
He warmly thanked German government and business leaders for their support of South Africa during the apartheid years of isolation, "standing by us when it was not fashionable to do so", and promised a welcome for German investors.
Analysts dismiss rise in Australian jobless rate by David Williams  SYDNEY, July 7 (AFP)  Analysts brushed aside a rise in Australia's jobless rate during June in official data released Thursday, pointing instead to 10 consecutive months of employment growth.
The city has been without running water for more than a week after a water pumping station was destroyed during the northern advance.
The Bishop of Dili, Monsignor Carlos Filipe Ximenes Belo, said in a phone interview from the East Timor capital that the incident happened during a mass on June 28 in St. Joseph's church, in the village of Remexio.
Piatachenko had been one of the most unpopular ministers during Ukraine successive government since 1990.
The city has been without running water for more than a week after a water pumping station was destroyed during the northern advance.
An England tour of the West Indies looks likely for 2001-2, maintaining the four-year cycle, which would leave South Africa, Pakistan, India and New Zealand fighting for an England visit during the remaining two winter slots.
Palestine, with the boundaries it had during the British mandate, is an indivisible territorial unit.
The two leaders agreed during their talks Thursday to "give new impetus for existing mechanisms of bilateral consultation," the communique said.
Thursday's meeting, also attended by Mozambican President Joaquim Chissano, was a follow-up to bilateral talks between Dos Santos and Mobutu in Tunisia last month during the annual summit of the Organisation of African Unity.
He said the dollar had benefited during the day from operators' caution ahead of release Friday of US job figures and of the G7 summit conclave in Italy.
Copper cops out as dealers mistrust fundamentals  LONDON, July 7 (AFP)  Copper slumped on the London Metals Exchange on Thursday, crashing 81 dollars during the day, as dealers believed the fundamentals did not support the recent run of price highs.
Copper closed at 2,397 dollars per tonne, after touching a low of 2,388 during the day, as traders said there was widespread liquidation, initiated by funds, together with earlier reports of Chinese selling in the pre-market.
Carrying the aquatic samples into space, notably fishbreeding, could become an important aspect to supply crews during long-term flights in space.
Aden, under seige for a month, has been without running water for more than a week after a water pumping station was destroyed during the northern advance.
Also under scrutiny is a crucial 80-minute period during which prosecutors said Simpson had time to commit the murders travel the short distance back to his home where a waiting limousine whisked him off to the airport.
The indicator had been as high as 1,931.27 during the session, up 2.2 percent.
The city has been without running water for more than a week after a water pumping station was destroyed during the northern advance.
Viacom stockholders approved the merger of Paramount with a wholly- owned subsidiary of Viacom during a special session Thursday.
Paramount stockholders approved the merger during a special meeting Wednesday The merger agreement was made February 15, after five months of tough financial battling and competition with telemarketing network QVC.
The announcement, which did not say how long the visit would last, also made an "urgent appeal" to all Afghan parties and military commanders to observe a ceasefire during Al-Gabid's visit.
Violence in another flashpoint, KwaZulu-Natal province, has also been escalating in recent days after a lull in fighting during the country's first all-race elections in April.
An Arab League mission tried unsuccessfully to broker a ceasefire during a visit to Yemen on May 9, four days after the civil war erupted between Saleh's forces and those of his southern rival Ali Salem al-Baid.
Pensioner buys right to hold monarch's arm  LONDON, July 7 (AFP)  A retired British businessman paid 40,000 pounds (60,000 dollars) for a title allowing him to hold the next monarch's arm during the coronation ceremony.
As Lord of the Manor, Hunt will be allowed to hold the arm of the future monarch during the coronation ceremony at Westminster Abbey.
Teenager shot dead during protest in Lagos  LAGOS, July 7 (AFP)  Police opened fire on protestors Thursday in Lagos, killing a teenager, witnesses said.
He enraged Gullit when he substituted him during Holland's 2-2 draw with England at Wembley in April last year and left Frank Rijkaard, regarded as one of the world's finest midfielders, on the bench for tactical reasons in the World Cup match against Morocco in the first round.
Endara said he had agreed to take in the Haitians during a telephone conversation Saturday with President Bill Clinton, but that the Americans failed to make good on commitments made by the US president.
First day leader Howard Twitty of the United States was the only man to have two eagles during his round -- but they came after the 45 -year-old American four-putted the first green and a level par-70 dropped him to joint tenth at six under.
Later this year, Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien is also scheduled to make an official visit to China, during which other major economic and trade agreements are expected to be signed.
And during that time, they must stay out of trouble or risk being sent back to the homeland they fear.
Prince Charles condemns terrorism, crosses peace line  BELFAST, July 7 (AFP)  Prince Charles condemned terrorism in Northern Ireland and praised the courage of ordinary people during the second day of a visit to the troubled province Thursday.
Also during the day the prince crossed the so called "peace line" which separates Belfast's Catholic and Protestant communities, in a symbolic gesture of hopes for reconciliation in the province.
Agassi suggested changes in the game and the ATP Tour during a satellite news conference here Thursday.
Agassi suggested changes in the game and the ATP Tour during a satellite news conference here Thursday.
The tension between Pierce and her would-be team-mates surfaced again after the French number-one withdrew in tears from Wimbledon after a press campaign by English tabloid newspapers had threatened to confront her with her estranged and controversial father and former coach Jim Pierce at the All England Club during the Championships.
The ruling by Judge Kathleen Kennedy-Powell during the preliminary hearing in the murder case means prosecutors can introduce a bloody glove and blood samples collected after police scaled a wall at his estate the night of the killings.
Defense lawyer Robert Shapiro asked Detective Tom Lange during cross- examination, "Was there any report that the burglary suspect that was there was a Caucasian?"
"I believe that at the time of the murder the person was wearing gloves and during the struggle with the man, one of the gloves was dropped at the crime scene and the other glove was transported" to Simpson's estate, the officer said.
Chairman of North Korea's external economic commission Ri Songdae said "China plays an important role in our foreign trade development," adding he hoped Beijing would continue extending loans to his country during its ninth five year plan from 1996 to 2000.
Despite some signs that China is trying to distance itself from the isolated state in recent years, Beijing stood by Pyongyang during the recent international crisis over its suspected nuclear programme and consistently opposed the imposition of sanctions.
Rabin made no comment on the spate of attacks on Thursday which broke weeks of calm following the Israeli army's redeployment for autonomy in the Gaza Strip and West Bank town of Jericho during May.
The new laws also preclude any return of property seized by the government in the north during the 1950s and in the south of the country after 1975, when the government took over all property.
Dealers said the local unit had been lower during Thursday's trade due to importer demand for dollars, but sellers were entering the market, thereby boosting the local unit.
Saudi Arabia did not want Saleh to win because of his pro-Iraqi stance during the Gulf War, an Arab source said.
A western diplomat here said nobody at the time was willing to confront Saleh, but added that, nevertheless, the Yemeni president now had to be clever in reconciling with the southerners, in view of the mistakes he made during the failed unification process these past few years.
Three central Asian heads of state hold summit  ALMATY, July 8 (AFP)  The presidents of Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan and Kirghizstan were to hold a summit meeting here Friday during which they are to formally endorse a plan for a common economic area grouping the three central Asian states.
The group had taken off during a thunderstorm for a camping trip in Colorado when the plane flipped over and crashed, Thomas Hays' brother, Jim, said.
A Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman said heavy rains and 96-kilometer per hour (60 miles per hour) winds were reported at the airport during the takeoff.
Mohammed al-Khilewi supported his statement with documents during a hearing with the Immigration and Naturalization Service on June 30, attorney Leon Wildes said Thursday.
Saudi Ambassador to Washington, Prince Bandar Bin Sultan, denied all of Khilewi's claims during an interview earlier this month with ABC Television.
He made no comment on a surge in violence which broke weeks of calm following the Israeli army's redeployment for autonomy in the Gaza Strip and West Bank town of Jericho during May.
In their report, 12 members of a parliamentary commission of enquiry headed by speaker Philippe Seguin stressed that the Treasury backed the bank's expansionist strategy and could not have been ignorant of its growing commitments during those five years.
Massive amounts of lead can harm the human immune system and cause motor and brain problems in children, but "For any health danger, men need to be exposed during a long period.
Chairman of North Korea's external economic commission, Ri Songdae, said "China plays an important role in our foreign trade development," adding that he hoped Beijing would continue to extend loans to his country during its ninth five year plan from 1996 to 2000.
Despite some signs of Chinese efforts to distance itself from the isolated state in recent years, Beijing stood by Pyongyang during the recent international crisis over its suspected nuclear programme and consistently opposed the imposition of sanctions.
The Treaty of Friendship, Cooperation and Mutual Assistance, which bars either country from allying with an enemy of the other, has been brought back into the spotlight in recent months during the Korean nuclear crisis.
Mandela said during his inauguration on May 10 that the new democratic government would give amnesty to certain types of prisoners.
A British forces spokesman quoted by CNA said the plane, belonging to 43 squadron based in Leuchars, Scotland, crashed during a training exercise about 24 kilometres (15 miles) south of the Akrotiri peninsula.
The plane, belonging to 43 squadron based in Leuchars, Scotland, crashed during a training exercise about 24 kilometres (15 miles) south of the Akrotiri peninsula, the spokesman told AFP.
RAF fast jet squadrons spend up to four weeks on exercises in Cyprus each year, during which dozens of training missions are flown, he said.
Meanwhile Italian Treasury Minister Lamberto Dini said that concerted action by central banks had not been planned during the summit to support the dollar.
An agreement for cooperation with the United States is expected to be signed during a visit by US Energy Secretary Hazel O'Leary.
Hoyer spoke after he and several US representatives met Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic and Prime Minister Haris Silajdzic during a visit to the Bosnian capital.
The Khmer Rouge are blamed for the deaths of more than one million people during their five-year rule from 1975.
Earlier Clinton had met new Japanese Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama for talks covering bilateral trade problems, but a Japanese foreign minstry spokesmn said that these would not be solved during the summit.
He made no comment on the latest surge in violence, which broke weeks of calm following the Israeli army's redeployment for autonomy in the Gaza Strip and West Bank town of Jericho during May.
The plane, belonging to 43 squadron based in Leuchars, Scotland, crashed during a training exercise about 24 kilometres (15 miles) south of the Akrotiri peninsula, the spokesman told AFP.
RAF fast jet squadrons spend up to four weeks on exercises in Cyprus each year, during which dozens of training missions are flown, the spokesman said.
Li Peng to receive warm welcome in Romania  BUCHAREST, July 8 (AFP)  The Chinese prime minister's three-day visit here beginning Saturday will mark his only stop in a post-communist state during his European tour and is expected to proceed smoothly without any of the human rights demonstrations that greeted him in Austria and Germany.
LeMond abandons Tour de France  PARIS, July 8 (AFP)  American cycling legend Greg LeMond, a three times winner of the Tour de France, was forced out of this year's race during Friday's sixth stage in Brittany.
The army claimed responsibility for the death of 23 soldiers of the rebel National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA) who were killed during clashes for control of the western town of Kilenda, in Kwanza-sul province, the government radio station said.
It said that UNITA troops had killed 10 civilians during the clashes in Kilenda and that roads in the province of Bengo, near the capital Luanda, were blocked because of fighting.
Vladimir Mukusev became a household name during the perestroika period just before the collapse of communism, when he worked for the popular television show Vzgliad.
Bodies of killed Italian sailors to be returned home  ALGIERS, July 8 (AFP)  The bodies of seven Italian sailors killed at the Algerian port of Djendjen during Wednesday night, probably by Islamic fundamentalists, were to be returned home Friday, Italian diplomats here said.
She said that the Lalith faction of the DUNF decided to support the PA after appeals from thousands of supporters not to leave them in the lurch during the forthcoming polls.
The measures were drawn up following a series of accidents during the San Marino Grand Prix weekend which killed Austrian Roland Ratzenberger in practice and triple world champion Ayrton Senna during the May 1 race.
Brent crude North Sea oil was extremely nervous during the week, although it remained above 17 dollars a barrel, while the precious metals dropped on fears of a rise in US interest rates.
Copper prices flucutated during the week, but essentially ended little changed from the Friday close, at around 2,440 dollars per tonne.
Elsewhere, traders said copper tube, wire and sheet manufacturers in North America were expecting a slowdown in orders during the third or fourth quarter of this year following two quarters of very strong demand.
The metal's recent price rise followed a substantial deficit in supply during the first quarter of this year, the British-based World Bureau of Metal Statistics said.
Lead dropped around 10 dollars during the week to end at around 577 dollars per tonne.
Zinc also dropped about 10 dollars during the week to 974 dollars per tonne, declining as stocks continued at record levels.
Aluminium jumped to a 39-month closing high, since March 1991, on Monday at 1,520 dollars per tonne, but fell during the week before rising on Friday on a substantial 20,125 tonne downdraw in weekly stocks to 2,587,750 tonnes.
Nickel dropped about 250 dollars during the week to end at 6,160 dollars per tonne, as the metal failed to lift in the wake of aluminium.
Tin dropped around 200 dollars during the week to 5,260 dollars per tonne, falling in a market lacking news.
The price of sugar fell during the week to about 315 dollars per tonne after beginning higher on speculation in New York.
Israel returns antiquities to Egypt  RAFAH, Egypt, July 8 (AFP)  Israel on Friday handed over to Egyptian authorities a batch of antiquities seized during its 15-year occupation of the Sinai peninsula, Egypt's Middle East News Agency reported.
Inter Milan have won the Italian championship (1989), the UEFA Cup twice (1991 and 1994) and the Italian Super Cup (1989) during Pellegrini's 10-year reign at the top, although they flirted with relegation last season.
She said nuclear issues, a subject of controversy between the two nations, will not figure during her trip.
Indian Power Minister N.K.P. Salve on Friday described O'Leary's trip as "very important and significant" and said he hoped a number of joint ventures in the power sector would materialise during the US official's stay here.
"I believe that at the time of the murder the person was wearing gloves and during the struggle with the man, one of the gloves was dropped at the crime scene and the other glove was transported" to Simpson's estate, the officer said.
Christian Dunis, economist at Chemical Bank, said the US Federal Reserve had added reserves during normal open market operations via open-weekend system repurchasing agreements, indicating no rise in US interest rates on Friday.
Aluminium rose 33 dollars during the day to close at 1,540 dollars per tonne after stocks fell a massive 20,125 tonnes to 2,587,750 tonnes.
A host of contracts for German firms have been signed during his visit.
Footsie see-saws higher as dealers await decisions  LONDON, July 8 (AFP)  Prices fluctuated during the week, ending slightly higher, as dealers waited for news from meetings of the US Federal Reserve and the Bundesbank ruling council.
Arafat revealed his travel plans to senior members of his mainstream Fatah faction Friday, during an informal briefing on his talks with Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and Foreign Minister Shimon Peres in Paris Wednesday.
His comments came during a wide ranging press conference in which Havelange and FIFA general secretary Sepp Blatter said the decision to let the World Cup be hosted by the United States had been fully justified.
He said that during a talk Friday morning, Berlusconi and Clinton had agreed that the time was opportune to "speed up" liberalization, taking advantage of the momentum due to the Uruguay Round agreement.
The Torino defender, who suffered badly with cramps during extra-time against the Nigerians, has not managed to recover in time and will be replaced by AC Milan's Mauro Tassotti.
The newspaper, quoting unnamed official sources, said the 479 items -- 154 of which are industrial products -- were from a list of products Taiwan committed for tariff reductions during talks with the United States earlier this year.
Washington demanded tariff reductions on 699 industrial and farm products during tariff talks with Taipei earlier this year.
However, the call had to come when bickering began to split the squad after three poor displays in the first round -- during which Voller appeared for only 29 minutes -- and the media stuck the knife in back home.
The policy was accompanied by shedding 1,500 jobs during the year, and 5,000 over the last five years, making a current staff of 20,500.
Moravcik told reporters that bilateral trade protocols were signed during his talks but added that the two countries had not reached any formal agreements on military cooperation.
Moravcik held talks with President Shankar Dayal Sharma, Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao, Finance Minister Manmohan Singh and other leaders during the trip.
Gorbachev and former army commander, trade insults at trial  MOSCOW, July 8 (AFP)  Former Soviet president Mikhail Gorbachev and the army commander charged with taking part in the August 1991 failed Moscow coup traded insults on Friday during the trial of the coup plotters.
A series of measures were drawn up after accidents during the San Marino Grand Prix weekend which killed Austrian Roland Ratzenberger in practice and triple world champion Ayrton Senna during the May 1 race.
However, he said he would not have given Pontus Kamark such an appalling dressing-down during the second-round game against Saudi Arabia if he did not know the player.
US officials also met with the leaders during the summit for discussions focusing on a "post-restoration" UN mission to Haiti, according to Jamaican Foreign Minister Paul Robertson.
Japanese PM hospitalized during G7 dinner  NAPLES, July 8 (AFP)  Japan's Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama was taken to hospital suffering from dehydration and intestinal problems, a Japanese spokesman said late Friday.
In a blow to the defense team, Kennedy-Powell ruled Thursday that prosecutors could introduce a bloody glove and blood samples collected during a search of O.J. Simpson's estate.
Japanese PM hospitalized during G7 opening dinner  NAPLES, Italy, July 8 (AFP)  Japan's Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama was taken to hospital suffering from dehydration and intestinal problems here late Friday, a Japanese government spokesman said.
Japanese PM hospitalized during G7 opening dinner  NAPLES, Italy, July 8 (AFP)  Japan's Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama was taken to hospital suffering from dehydration and intestinal problems here late Friday, a Japanese government spokesman said.
Japanese PM to spend night in Naples hospital  NAPLES, Italy, July 9 (AFP)  Japan's Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama was hospitalized overnight after suffering from dehydration and intestinal problems during a working dinner of G7 leaders here, a Japanese government spokesman said.
He told Jordanian television that Christopher "will visit Jordan during his tour."
But the minister did not say whether the US chief diplomat would attend the Jordanian-Israeli talks during his stop in Jordan or in Israel.
Saleh observed a strict neutrality during bitter fighting in Aden in January 1986 between rival factions of the Yemen Socialist Party (YSP).
Kennedy made in Berlin three decades ago was "one of the formative political images of my childhood," is to address Berliners at the Brandenburg Gate during his visit.
The radios repeated this phrase during a special noon broacast, urging North Koreans to remain calm and to continue their revolutionary struggle.
Murayama, 70, was hospitalized late Friday after suffering from dehydration and intestinal trouble during a working dinner of G7 leaders in Naples.
China interceded on North Korea's behalf during the 1950-53 Korean War, at the loss of more than one million Chinese lives.
Kim, who was also put in control of the armed forces in 1992, was also credited with putting North Korea on a "semi-war footing" during a US- South Korean Team Spirit exercise last year.
Murayama, 70, was hospitalized late Friday after suffering from dehydration and intestinal trouble during a working dinner of G7 leaders.
Murayama, 70, was hospitalized late Friday after suffering from dehydration and intestinal trouble during a working dinner of G7 leaders.
SBC said the purchase of the aircraft was announced by Defence Minister Lee Boon Yang during a tour of an air base Saturday morning.
Japanese spokesmen said Murayama, 70, was in "satisfactory" condition Satuday after suffering dehydration and intestinal trouble during a G7 working dinner and was hospitalized in a Naples clinic.
reopens (SEOUL) The government also put all civil servants excluding school teachers on alert and asked them to stay in touch with their offices during off-duty hours.
They also said everything was under control in the North and dismissed the South's anxiety over posssible disturbances during the transition period, Yonhap said.
Meanwhile, the South Korean public reacted with shock to the news of the death of Kim, who started the Korean War in the 1950s, maintained a tense confrontation with the South, and then, during the last days of his life, attempted reconciliation with Seoul and the West.
China interceded on North Korea's behalf during the 1950-53 Korean War, at the cost of around one million Chinese lives.
Levin, a democrat from Michigan and a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, had hoped to meet with the president and other North Korean officials during his trip, spokeswoman Kathleen McShea said.
The Naples summit goes a long way to meeting Moscow's goal of full integration into the G7 by granting it full membership during the gathering's political discussions while maintaining its exclusion from the economic deliberations.
The seven finance ministers held extensive discussions on the latest market developments during a working dinner Friday after the dollar hit new lows this week against the yen and the Deutsche mark.
But opposition to the idea came to a head during all-night talks Friday into Saturday by the "sherpas" -- senior officials of the G-7 countries -- who were negotiating the form of a final G-7 economic communique.
They also noted that announcement of Kim's death some 34 hours after he had died, indicated that the power transfer had been completed during that time.
Berger in front  SILVERSTONE, England, July 9 (AFP)  Austrian Gerhard Berger clocked the fastest time in his Ferrari during unofficial practice here on Saturday for the British Formula One Grand Prix.
Arafat leaves for Saudi Arabia  TUNIS, July 9 (AFP)  PLO chairman Yasser Arafat left Tunis Saturday for a brief visit to Saudi Arabia during which he will meet King Fahd, Palestinian officials said here.
The 70-year-old prime minister was hospitalized late Friday after suffering from dehydration and intestinal trouble during a working dinner of G7 leaders.
The NLC, which groups 42 trade unions including the powerful NUPENG oil and gas union which went on strike last Monday, listed six conditions drawn up by its central committee during its emergency meeting Thursday.
The destruction caused in the past week was at least seven times greater than that inflicted by fires during the whole of 1993, according to the Spanish Nature Conservation Institute (ICONA).
The 70-year-old premier was hospitalised late Friday after suffering from dehydration and intestinal trouble during a working dinner of G7 leaders.
Economy Minister Alexander Shokhin has been in Naples for several days during the summit's preparation.
Yonhap quoted the officials as saying that everthing was under control in the North and dismissed the South's anxiety over possible disturbances during the transition period.
Yonhap quoted the officials as saying that everthing was under control in the North and dismissed the South's anxiety over possible disturbances during the transition period.
Police said that during the peaceful funeral march through the city protestors deployed a large banner of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which is banned in Germany.
The official added that G7 trade ministers meeting on the sidelines of the summit had agreed to continue work on trade liberalisation during a meeting later in the year in the United States.
The Torino defender, who suffered badly with cramps during extra-time against the Nigerians, was replaced by AC Milan's Mauro Tassotti.
The seven finance ministers held extensive discussions on latest market developments during a working dinner Friday after the dollar hit new lows this week against the Japanese and German currencies.
"But as it was me who got the bonuses during the first sprint, we thought we'd have a go."
Speaking at a press conference during a G-7 summit here, he said the North Korean government also did not wish to change course on nuclear negotiations with the United States.
Speaking at a press conference during a G-7 summit here, he said the North Korean government also did not wish to change course on nuclear negotiations with the United States.
The seven finance ministers held extensive discussions on latest market developments during a working dinner Friday after the dollar hit new lows this week against the Japanese and German currencies.
Chaperon reported less than 20 artillery detonations in the northeast of the country during the early afternoon.
Peng and Iliescu were both students at Moscow University during the 1950s.
Egypt and China sign anti-terrorist agreement  CAIRO, July 9 (AFP)  Egypt and China signed an anti-terrorist agreement during a visit to Beijing by an Egyptian security delegation, an official spokesman said here Saturday.
(new series) Arafat arrives in Saudi Arabia  JEDDAH, Saudi Arabia, July 9 (AFP)  PLO chairman Yasser Arafat arrived here Saturday for a brief visit to Saudi Arabia during which he will meet King Fahd, officials said.
"I remember meeting President Kim Il-Sung during my visit to North Korea in 1974, which strengthened the friendship and cooperation between our two countries," it added.
"That is some sign of continuity of leadership, but frankly it is too early for us to have a definitive judgment on this," Christopher told journalists during a G-7 summit of industrialised nations.
But the tears flowed during the presentation ceremony, as Mason, Rookie of the Year in 1974, tried to come to terms with another victory, following his maiden success on the European Tour in February's Turespana Masters in Spain.
"It is intolerable that what happened during the Israeli occupation should repeat itself under Palestinian authority," the Gaza centre for human rights and the law said in a statement.
Qatar calls for fresh start in ties with Yemen  DOHA, July 9 (AFP)  Qatar called for a fresh start in its ties with Yemen on Saturday, after it supported northern Yemeni forces and condemned the breakaway southern state during the two-month civil war there.
Five police officers and a taxi driver were shot and wounded during clashes with the inmates.
The eco-tourism projects range from a two-hour outrigger canoe tour of mangrove wetlands on Upolu to lessons in ancient suvival skills from Samoan bush guide Eti Sapolu during an extended hike around the rim of a volcano on spectacular Apolima island.
Bowe to shape up before London fight  NEW ORLEANS, Louisiana, July 9 (AFP)  Mackie Shilstone, the fitness trainer who kept Riddick Bowe in shape during his heavyweight championship days, will return as the boxer gears up for another title run.
Police said that during the peaceful funeral march through the city protestors unfurled banners of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) and the Kurdistan Liberation Front (ERNK), outlawed in Germany.
Speaking to journalists at the Russian delegation's hotel in Naples during the Group of Seven summit meeting, Shokhin described the G7 statement as encouraging, adding that it "gives Russia and its reforms concrete support and goes in a direction which satisfies us."
(new series) Japanese PM leaves hospital "cured"  NAPLES, Italy, July 9 (AFP)  Japanese Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama left hospital late Saturday, a day after being admitted with severe intestinal pains suffered during a G7 summit dinner, Japanese officials said.
Nagaoka said as many as 100 Medaka eggs might be laid during the mission.
A dominant theme at the summit was a general feeling that current exchange rate volatility was not justified by general economic conditions, Bentsen said: "We agreed that the underlying economic fundamentals are sound and that the conditions for an enduring recovery with low inflation are now in place in each of our countries."
Clinton opposed the Vietnam War and avoided military service during that conflict.
And based on Kravchuk's performance as president in the past three years and Kuchma's short stay last year as premier, during which he tried but failed to begin slow-paced but meaningful economic reforms, analysts said neither candidate holds out new hope for improving the lives of Ukrainians.
Nagaoka said as many as 100 Medaka eggs might be laid during the mission.
(AFP)     NAPLES, Italy: Japanese Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama left hospital  late Saturday, a day after being admitted with severe intestinal pains  suffered during a G7 summit dinner, Japanese officials said.
The Red-Dead Sea canal, which would cost an estimated two to three billion dollars, was first introduced during the 1980s to counter an Israeli project to construct a canal linking the Mediterranean Sea to the Dead Sea.
Since his election as leader of the conservative Liberal Party in May, Downer has opened up a big lead in the polls against the Labor government of Prime Minister Paul Keating during a period in which Keating's republican push has been one of the major topics.
Several more installments have been programmed over the next three years, during which the IMF will closely monitor the country's fiscal position as well as push for further reforms that would lead to sustainable growth.
The Philippine economy, hobbled by a 34 billion-dollar external debt, grew by 4.34 percent during the first quarter of 1994 in a higher- than-expected performance that impressed many observers.
He said Iran had "always exercised sovereignty over the islands, even during 70 years of British occupation."
A total of 667 heavy detonations were reported along the eastern Ozren mountain front during the same 24 hour period, he said.
North Korea, which sold arms to Iran during its 1980-1988 war with Iraq, bolstered its ties with the Islamic Republic in recent years and the two countries regularly exchange official delegations.
Syria to stand firm over Israel during Christopher visit: paper  DAMASCUS, July 10 (AFP)  Syria will resist outside pressure to change its stance over negotiations with Israel during a visit by US Secretary of State Warren Christopher, the official Al-Baath newspaper said Sunday.
Coulthard shines  SILVERSTONE, England, July 10 (AFP)  Scot stand-in driver David Coulthard shone during the final unofficial practice session in the final run-up for Sunday's British Formula One Grand Prix.
The former test driver, brought in by Williams Renault following the death of Ayrton Senna during the San Marino Grand Prix at the start of May, clocked a lap time of 1min 26.674secs, ahead of front row partners Germany's Michael Schumacher (1:26.928) and Damon Hill of England (1:26.941).
Premier Li Peng, during last week's visit to Germany, rode in the driver's cab of an ICE train.
A total of 667 heavy detonations were reported along the eastern Ozren mountain front during the last 24 hours, he said, adding that small arms and machine gun fire had also intensified.
His death came during a relative lull in militant violence, following a government crackdown.
The accusation against Kravchuk from Kuchma's spokesman followed similar charges of vote "manipulation" from the Kuchma camp during the first round of voting when the central election commission took three days to announce official results.
Although backed strongly by communists and directors of Soviet-era factories, Kuchma tried but failed to implement slow-paced but meaningful market economic reforms during his tenure as premier last year.
The plan would be implemented during the five-year interim period of self-rule.
Bihozagara, appointed deputy prime minister under the 1993 peace accords signed in the Tanzanian town of Arusha, said members of any other parties that have taken part in the country's massacres during the last three months will also be excluded from the future government.
Ryurikov, a senior aide to Russian President Boris Yeltsin, said Yeltsin had concentrated during the Group of Seven's political discussions on the issues of North Korea, the conflict in Bosnia- Hercegovina and international peace-keeping.
"It is intolerable that what happened during the Israeli occupation should repeat itself under Palestinian authority," it said.
Mirella Azize, a 22-year-old Albanian, was hit in the neck by a bullet "which ricocheted" during the dawn exchange, the ministry said.
The clash came three days after a Greek soldier was slightly injured during an exchange of gunfire between Greek and Albanian border patrols.
Rafsanjani said Iran's ties with North Korea were "excellent" during the rule of Kim Il-Sung and he hoped "the same political will" would underlie future relations.
North Korea, which sold arms to Iran during its 1980-1988 war with Iraq, bolstered its ties with the Islamic Republic in recent years and the two countries regularly exchange official delegations.
The Frenchman's resistance continued during the second, which he lost 7-5, but he then caved in as Bruguera comfortably wrapped up the clay- court encounter 6-2, 6-1.
The Frenchman's resistance continued during the second, which he lost 7-5, but then, short of match fitness, he caved in as Bruguera comfortably wrapped up the clay-court encounter 6-2, 6-1.
Yeltsin, whose historic "partnership" the statement said was "a reflection of the reforms that have taken place in Russia," ruled out during Sunday's talks any risk of destabilisation of North Korea following Kim's death, a top aide said.
He said Yeltsin made the suggestion during a meeting with leaders of the Group of Seven leading industrialized countries Sunday.
He ignored a five seconds stop-and-go penalty for overtaking Damon Hill during the warm-up lap.
Schumacher mix-up as he escapes disqualification  SILVERSTONE, England, July 10 (AFP)  Formula One championship leader Michael Schumacher, apparently disqualified after a black-flag offence, was allowed to continue racing during the British Grand Prix here on Sunday.
Arafat also performed a minor pilgrimage to the Moslem holy places of Mecca and Medina during his trip.
Kuchma, although backed strongly by communists and directors of Soviet-era factories, tried but failed to implement slow-paced but meaningful market economic reforms during his tenure as premier last year.
He estimated that some 4,000 dogs had died during the war, many abandoned on the streets by owners who could not feed them or who had fled the city, and who had been unable to fend for themselves.
"One of the main difficulties during the shelling was to walk the dog two or three times daily," she said.
Last December, the PLO handed over a name tag from one of three Israeli soldiers who disappeared during the battle of Sultan Yacub on June 11, 1982.
He said Yeltsin made the suggestion during a meeting with leaders of the Group of Seven leading industrialized countries Sunday.
Yeltsin, speaking during a joint press conference with US President Bill Clinton following a one-on-one meeting between the two, said he was optimistic about a "G8" once Russia's economy falls in line with other leading powers.
He hailed the diplomatic efforts during the summit as "an important step for European security and world peace," and thanked the G7 leaders for supporting Russia and its economic reforms in their economic statement issued Saturday.
Group of Seven leaders pledged 43 billion dollars in aid to Russia during their 1993 summit in Tokyo.
The German's mistake was to overtake Hill during the warm-up lap.
It was arranged during a visit to Hanoi earlier this month by Assistant Secretary of State Winston Lord and Hershel Gobel, the deputy secretary of Veterans Affairs, the Times reported.
Bihozagara, appointed deputy prime minister under a peace accord signed in the Tanzanian town of Arusha last August, said members of any other parties that have taken part in the country's massacres during the past three months will also be excluded from the future government.
G7 praises French intervention in Rwanda, but only in French  NAPLES, July 10 (AFP)  France received warm words for its military intervention in Rwanda but no concrete pledges of support during a three-day summit of G7 industrialised countries that ended here on Sunday.
Earlier Sunday Arafat stopped over in Cairo briefly as he ended a two- day visit to Saudi Arabia during which he met King Fahd, Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faysal and Defence Minister Sultan Ben Abdel Aziz.
"Likud is telling huge lies by saying that the PLO is continuing its terrorist activities," he said during a Labour party meeting in Tel Aviv.
He told reporters that the message was to "thank Jordan for its honourable position during the civil war which raged in Yemen."
Arafat arrived back in Tunis late Sunday after a two-day visit to Saudi Arabia during which he met King Fahd, Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faysal and Defence Minister Sultan Ben Abdel Aziz.
The PLO leader was due to meet Arab ambassadors during the night to say his goodbyes, before meeting journalists later.
The German overtook his rival during the warm-up lap, a manouevre punished with a five-second stop-and-go penalty.
Authorities announced Sunday that no one was injured during the breakout and conditions have returned to normal at the prison which holds 152 inmates.
"He was excellent during the game and he was the key to our success during the penalty kicks.
"I've been in these kind of situations before but not in the quarter- finals of the World Cup," said Ravelli who denied he had tried to psyche Hagi out during the shoot-out.
"He was excellent during the game and he was the key to our success during the penalty kicks."
The German team was bedevilled by player unrest and it was brought to a head when Vogts sent midfielder Stefan Effenberg home after he had made obscene finger gestures to German fans during a first round match against South Korea in Dallas.
In February, Koirala found himself at the centre of a fierce political row after he allegedly undermined NC Party President Krishna Prasad Bhattarai during a parliamentary by-election in Kathmandu in which Bhattarai was defeated.
The agenda for negotiations was expected to be agreed during two or three days of talks in the Egyptian capital which coincide with PLO chairman Yasser Arafat's preparations to return for good to the Gaza Strip and Jericho.
The Egyptian leader is in France for a 24-hour visit during which he will hold talks with French President Francois Mitterrand on the Middle East peace process and the situation in Rwanda.
It is identical to one given by Hitler to Stalin just before Germany invaded the Soviet Union during World War II.
On page two, the newspaper published photos of Kim, notably as a guerrilla during Japanese occupation, and reproduced foreign messages of condolence, including those from Chinese patriarch Deng Xiaoping, King Norodom Sihanouk of Cambodia and US President Bill Clinton.
The US president is also expected to visit Berlin during his visit.
Excluding food, drink, tobacco and oil products, output prices rose by 0.1 percent last month and by 1.9 percent during the 12 months.
The agenda for negotiations was expected to be agreed during two or three days of talks in the Egyptian capital which coincide with PLO chairman Yasser Arafat's preparations to return for good to the Gaza Strip and Jericho.
Turkish foreign minister on visit to Baltic states  ANKARA, July 11 (AFP)  Turkish Foreign Minister Hikmet Cetin headed to Lithuania Monday on the first leg of a three-day visit to the Baltic states during which he is to sign various bilateral accords.
Premadasa was killed in a bomb attack during a May Day rally here last year and police inquiries have been inconclusive prompting his family to demand a fresh commission of inquiry.
World Cup wifebeaters hit harder  PARIS, July 11 (AFP)  French wife-beaters are hitting their spouses for longer and harder during the World Cup, a women's help association said here on Monday.
More than 10 percent of battered wives calling the Paris-based association blamed the World Cup, saying their husbands had been angered when their wives called them to table during a match.
Naamat receives 5,000 help calls a year with peaks during holidays.
American gored at Pamplona  PAMPLONA, Spain, July 11 (AFP)  A 23-year-old American was seriously gored Monday during the Pamplona bull running festival immortalized by the writer Ernest Hemmingway, medical sources said.
"The dollar could rise slightly during the day after massive selling overnight in Asia, but is likely to trade at extremely low levels during the week," said Peter Wood, dealer at the Bank of Boston.
Million fans flock to tennis  PARIS, July 11 (AFP)  Over one million tennis fans have flocked to 23 tour tennis events during the past six months, the ATP revealed on Monday.
The 30-minute air attacks were preceded by mock raids during which guerrillas scrambled out of their positions and fanned across the region, explaining the low Hezbollah casualty toll, police said.
"We will not use the dollar as an instrument of trade," he told a press conference after his first meeting with the chancellor during a visit here.
An agreement of investment promotion and protection is expected to be signed during Moravcik's visit.
"India is likely to order as much as 60,000 megawatts of power during the coming decade, PERC said.
Video surveillance first came to British cities during the 1980s, when cameras began appearing on roads in commercial centres to combat crime and also attacks by the Irish Republican Army, as well as football hooliganism.
Apart from every major telescope on Earth, the Hubble space telescope and space probes such as Giotto, Galileo, Voyager 2, Ulysses and Clementine will be trained on Jupiter and its moons during the impact period.
He paid special homage to the United States for the support it gave Germany during the Cold War, while Clinton spoke of a relationship "truly unique in history" between Germany and the United States.
CTV cited the minutes of a meeting at Canada's foreign ministry during which, it said, the ministry's deputy director of foreign affairs (East Asia) Ted Lippman is quoted as saying: "The main concern about this potential sale is the nature of the monitoring equipment to be installed."
The Zambian leader visited an irrigation equipment factory at a kibbutz in central Israel during the morning and went on to tour the Holocuast memorial in Jerusalem.
    July 11 (AFP) - We shall move the following graphics (World Cup                     graphics advisory to be filed separately):     ALGERIA FOREIGNERS                     Graphic table showing the nationality                     and number of foreigners assassinated                     in Algeria during 1994.
During the night the dollar had fallen to 1.5475 marks on Asian markets but then firmed during early trading here to above 1.5560 marks.
In New Zealand during the night it had fallen to a record low point since World War II of 97.55 yen.
Chinese premier's visit to Romania starts on a calm note  BUCHAREST, July 11 (AFP)  Chinese Premier Li Peng began a visit here Monday on a calm note in contrast to the human rights demonstrations that greeted him during his stops in Austria and Germany.
But dealers believe that central bank intervention has not disappeared from the horizon despite the silence of the G7 leaders about foreign exchange markets in their economic statement at the summit in Naples during the weekend.
Bedi also had a stint as the Indian capital's traffic chief and her careful planning helped ease vehicle congestion during the 1982 Asian Games held there, the award organizers said.
Each recipient gets a medallion and a 50,000 dollar cash prize during ceremonies in Manila on August 31.
Waigel, who presented Germany's financial priorities for the council during the next six months, said that the recession was over and that the task now was to ensure there was stable economic growth.
Bedi also had a stint as the Indian capital's traffic chief and her careful planning helped ease vehicle congestion during the 1982 Asian Games held there, the award organizers said.
Each recipient gets a medallion and a 50,000 dollar cash prize during ceremonies in Manila on August 31.
Output by light industry rose by 16.9 percent during the period, while output by heavy industry was up by 14.8 percent.
The critics had been gathering to write the Indurain obituary during this year's race after he failed to defend his Tour of Italy title of 1992 and 1993.
Premadasa was killed in a bomb attack during a May Day rally here last year and police inquiries have been inconclusive prompting his family to demand a fresh commission of inquiry.
                    Arafat-farewell,lead                     550 words around 1700 GMT                     by Hamida Ben Salah     TUNIS:          PLO chief Yasser Arafat, preparing to                     adopt the mantle of head of the new                     Palestinian Authority, changed from                     guerrilla leader to peacemaker during                     12 years of exile in Tunis.
Arafat's transition during 12 years of exile in Tunisia by Hamida Ben Salah  TUNIS, July 11 (AFP)  PLO chief Yasser Arafat, preparing to adopt the mantle of head of the new Palestinian Authority, turned from guerrilla leader to peacemaker during his 12 years of exile in Tunisia.
Arafat married his ex-colleague Suha Tawil during his time in Tunisia.
Even the deaths of two legendary PLO leaders -- Khalil Al Wazir (Abu Jihad) at the hands of an Israeli commando in April 1988 and Salah Khalaf (Abu Iyad) in January 1991 -- as well as the PLO's pro-Iraqi stance during the Gulf war, failed to damage relations.
Defense lawyers are often barred from case files during military trials, which also deprive defendants of the right to appeal.
He was attacked strongly during the campaign by Lukashenko, who had headed a parliamentary anti-corruption investigation denouncing alleged indiscretions by those in high office and shedding doubt over the integrity of Kebich's wife.
"Traditionally, they have been held back from going during storm season."
Kuchma, 55, who resigned as prime minister last year after his efforts to implement slow-paced economic reforms were consistently blocked by the former parliament, was regarded by many western diplomats and analysts as a capable and incisive manager and a centrist politician during his term as premier.
A dealer at UBS said that the volume of trading was greater than had been seen during the last few sessions but remained weak.
The group had announced on Monday that the value of orders taken during the first eight months of its financial year had risen by six percent and it implied that it would hold its dividend at 13 marks.
A dealer at UBS said that the volume of trading was greater than had been seen during the last few sessions but remained weak.
The group had announced on Monday that the value of orders taken during the first eight months of its financial year had risen by six percent and it implied that it would hold its dividend at 13 marks.
The chancellor paid special homage to the United States for the support it gave Germany during the Cold War, while Clinton spoke of a relationship "truly unique in history" between Germany and the United States.
Dealers interpreted the absence of measures to stabilise exchange rates at the weekend Group of Seven (G7) summit with a vengeance and priced the dollar down to a post-World War II low point of 97.25 yen during trading.
Magnus held that the sharp fall of the dollar against the mark might be followed by a pause on foreign exchanges during the rest of the week but would be resumed later.
    July 11 (AFP) - The following graphics are available (World Cup                     graphics advisory filed separately):     ALGERIA FOREIGNERS                     Graphic table showing the nationality                     and number of foreigners assassinated                     in Algeria during 1994.
"I have been really suffering during the last four days but I have learnt a lot of lessons.
"Traditionally, they have been held back from going during storm season."
The Palestine Liberation Organisation had been welcomed with "open arms" during their 12 years of exile in Tunisia, and no effort had been spared to support them.
Witnesses said the army surrounded the area, near a mosque, and that gunshots had been heard for several hours during the morning.
Li and Iliescu made no statement during the ceremony but engaged in much vigorous hand-shaking for the benefit of journalists.
Iliescu made it clear that human rights would not be on the agenda during Li's visit saying such issues were a matter of "domestic politics".
Kravchuk supported steps to dismantle the arsenal of nuclear weapons Ukraine inherited from the former Soviet Union and generally sought to build stronger links with the West during his two-and-a-half year term as president.
Coach Kim Ho did the unheard of when he pulled him at half-time during the match against Germany in the Cotton Bowl in Dallas.
"Altogether 86 members, including the leftist groups and others had voted against the Koirala government's annual programme on Sunday while 43 other members were absent during the voting hours," a parliament source earlier said.
People who passed by the home during the afternoon said they saw "traces of damage, broken windows and bullet holes."
One of the two is only open during the day and to cross the other, one needs to give 24-hour prior notice, a UN statement said.
He said that during this time he had met both Germany's then chief of police, Heinrich Bogel, and the then head of German intelligence, Klaus Kinkel, who is now the foreign minister.
The five fired several shots in the air during the brawl, forcing customers of the bar to run for cover, the court here heard.
Li outlines problems of socialist economies  BUCHAREST, July 11 (AFP)  Chinese Prime Minister Li Peng stressed the "problems of building a socialist economy" during a meeting here Monday with Romanian President Ion Iliescu.
Iryani told journalists at Cairo airport that he met with south's appointed prime minister Haider Abu Bakr al-Attas, and foreign minister Abdallah al-Assnig during his visit to New York which ended Saturday.
"They ran around like headless chickens during extra-time against Romania.
The US team, which received dozens of virus samples from researchers during the race to identify the virus, managed to isolate the HIV virus, obtained a patent on it in 1984 and used it to develop a test.
They were greeted by Berlin Mayor Eberhard Diepgen, who thanked the United States for having protected West Berlin during the Cold War.
The man was the second person arrested Monday in connection with the supply of false information which police estimate has wasted 60 hours of their time during their investigation into the abduction of baby Abbie Humphries.
The future of the Chernobyl station, site of the world's worst nuclear disaster in 1986, has also been high on the West's agenda and during the weekend leaders of the Group of Seven industrialized nations offered 200 million dollars in aid to help defray the costs of shutting down the complex altogether.
The Israeli proposal came during Israeli-PLO talks between members of a joint military committee at Erez, linking the Jewish state with the likewise autonomous Gaza strip.
Harding's ex-husband, Jeff Gillooly, Derrick Smith and Shane Stant -- who clubbed Kerrigan on the knee during practice -- admitted to conspiring in the attack which cleared the way for Harding to win the US Figure Skating Championship.
Kim Jong-Il brother-in-law in Seoul: newspapers  SEOUL, July 12 (AFP)  A brother in law of North Korean heir-apparent, Kim Jong-Il, is living in the South Korean capital, one of many North Koreans taken prisoner during the Korean war and then released, newspapers said Tuesday.
Eighty-six members, including the leftist groups, had voted against the Koirala government's annual programme on Sunday, while 43 other members were absent during the vote, a parliament source said earlier.
Japan's Jiji Press news agency quoted the official as telling Japanese critic Kaoru Nakamaru that deciding on the leadership during the mourning period up to Sunday would be impossible.
He added that his ministry has already issued regulations to encourage the sending of formal-sector workers and reduce informal ones by limiting the number of permits and punishing agencies that illegally dispatch them Indonesia sent 631,000 workers abroad during the fifth five-year development plan who earned a total of around 1.2 billion dollars in foreign exchange.
Israel's EL Al reports profits of 9.9 million dollars  JERUSALEM, July 12 (AFP)  The Israeli state carrier El Al returned a profit of 9.9 million dollars during 1993 on a 947 million dollar turnover, director general Rafi Harlev said Tuesday.
(ABC) during overnight hours, and ANBC will transmit an additional half hour in the early evening.
Dealers said the rand was taking advantage of dollar weakness, although the central Reserve Bank had also supported the local unit during Monday's trade.
But he insisted that the UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) should do more to stop the expulsion of non-Serbs from Serb-held territory which he said had increased during the month-long truce.
Zhang made the observation during discussions on the post-Kim Il-Sung era with senior presidential staff here, Yonhap news agency said.
Cooperation agreements signed by Lithuania and Turkey  MOSCOW, July 12 (AFP)  Turkey and Lithuania signed a series of cooperation agreements Tuesday during the first visit by a Turkish foreign minister to the Baltic states since they gained independence in 1990, ITAR-TASS news agency reported.
His call comes just a day after England's rugby chiefs launched an inquiry into violence during England's South African tour clash with Eastern Province, which saw two players sent off and another -- England full-back Jon Callard -- receive 25 stitches in a head gash.
The talks had been launched after Pyongyang agreed during a visit last month to Pyongyang by former US president Jimmy Carter to freeze its nuclear programme and not to refuel a controversial nuclear reactor.
The visit defused a crisis during which China, a member of the UN Security Council, had consistently opposed US calls for the imposition of sanctions against its communist ally in retaliation for its refusal to allow IAEA inspectors full access to its nuclear facilities.
He was also expected to attend the graduation of some 400 Palestinian policemen during the afternoon.
At one point during his trip the Chinese premier expressed irritation that human rights were being continually raised, and indicated he had heard enough on the subject.
Romania President Ion Iliescu made it clear that human rights would not be on the agenda during Li's visit saying such issues were a matter of "domestic policy."
As debate raged over the rights and wrongs of the move, the communists, who paid a high price in terms of numbers shot or deported to death camps by the Germans during World War II, said the invitation was "an insult to the memory of the resistance."
Willmann said he would understand if there were protests during the parade and sympathised with "the reticence of French people old enough to remember the German occupation."
Arafat also had close brushes with death in an Israeli air raid on his Tunis headquarters in 1985 as well as in a plane crash during a sandstorm in the Libyan desert in 1992.
Abu Sharkh was chief of staff of Force 17, an elite Palestinian unit whose duties included protecting Arafat during his years of exile in Lebanon and latterly Tunisia.
A young engineer during the Apollo era, Goldin wants to bring NASA out of the stifling Cold War ideology.
The occupation at times opened the eyes and conscience of young men who had known nothing except the Nazi propaganda hammered into them during their adolescence.
"It is because I appreciated France during the war that I worked from the 1950s onward and throughout my career for Franco-German student exchanges," said Karl-Heinz Loschke.
Organizers say many of the older homeless are people who came to Tokyo as manual laborers during Japan's rapid postwar economic expansion.
Khalib said that during his week-long visit to Pyongyang, he had signed a contract for a feasibility study for a hydro-electric project.
Korolov expected Hariri to ratify a Russian-Lebanese economic cooperation accord during a visit to Moscow in September.
Press reports added that the attacks amounted to the militants' response to a statement condemning terrorism issued over the weekend by the Group of Seven leading industrialized countries during their summit in Naples, Italy.
Lebanese authorities helped by Syrian troops based in the country have been trying to wipe out drugs such as hashish and poppy growing which spread across the eastern Bekaa valley during the 1975-1990 civil war.
Usually the weather around here deteriorates during the day," he added.
reopens (CAHORS) Durand has already featured in this year's race, when he made a 100km break with New Zealander Stephen Swart during the second stage, sportingly shaking Swart's hand when they were caught up with 22km to go.
In separate remarks reviewing trends during the last eight years, the BIS also noted that the biggest change had been "the widespread retrenchment of North American banks".
The agreement would apply during manoeuvres, accidental missile firings or unintended frontier violations.
The KMT had mobilized all its deputies to ensure they outnumbered the opposition during the vote for the multi-billion-dollar project.
At least 15 people, including five police, were injured during the scuffles, police and protest organizers said.
Cardin negotiated the deal with the state-owned Cubatabaco monopoly during a visit to Cuba last May and had a long conversation with President Fidel Castro, the French group said.
Rabah Kebir, the head of the FIS overseas office, said in a communique received here that the G7 during their summit meeting in Naples, Italy last weekend had "sided with the military power by backing its economic policy which favors multi-national companies at the expense of the Algerian people."
He added that the G7 had avoided addressing the Algerian crisis during the summit by asking "the military power to negotiate with all members of Algerian society who reject violence and terrorism, even though the violence began when the military halted the electoral process."
The dollar, however, falls three pfennigs during the rest of the week following the US futures market which feared a return of inflationary pressures.
The OIC mission returned here Monday after talks with Rabbani in Kabul, during which nine rockets rocked the venue of the meeting.
Caputo said the government was also discussing the possibility of closing down construction sites during the summer with the firms involved.
"Changes can be added during the (review) process," Kryjanovsky said.
The yield on the 10-year Bund, bearing 6.0 percent, was 6.80 percent during trading from 6.87 percent on Monday.
In Paris, where prices had risen during the previous five sessions, profit taking took the CAC 40 index down by 0.39 percent to 1,942.08 points despite an advance of 0.56 percent by the September contract on the Matif financial futures market to 116.24 in line with the German Bund which rose by 0.25 percent.
Financial circles in Paris said they were convinced that a pact was concluded between the G7 countries concerning concerted intervention on the markets at the summit meeting in Naples during the weekend.
The dollar has shed 1.5 yen and four pfennigs since Friday in response to a decision by the G7 summit in Naples during the weekend not to express any intention to stabilise the foreign exchange market.
Dealers said the market could be testing "to see whether the central banks would remain as silent as they had been during the last two weeks.
Businesses were being urged to provide buses to get staff into work, and British Rail is hoping to run more trains than it did during last week's strike, up to 3,000 out of the normal daily 15,000.
"I believe that during the evening we were making progress but I was not prepared to concede the interim claim," he said.
The dollar has shed 1.5 yen and four pfennigs since Friday in response to a decision by the G7 summit in Naples during the weekend not to express any intention to stabilise the foreign exchange market.
Li Peng leaves Romania for home  BUCHAREST, July 12 (AFP)  Chinese Premier Li Peng left here for home Tuesday after a two-week tour of Austria, Germany and Romania during which pro-democracy demonstrators forced him to alter his schedule.
They said the home-made explosives were found during a routine check in hidden compartments of a truck that landed by ferry at dawn Tuesday at the Lancashire port of Heysham from Warrenpoint in Northern Ireland.
South African cleared of Callard trampling  CAPE TOWN, July 12 (AFP)  Eastern Province flanker Elandre van den Berg was found not guilty here on Tuesday of trampling Jonathan Callard during a match last month which left the England fullback with 25 stitches in his face.
Hernani Zacarias, who was armed with an AK-47 assault rifle, hijacked the aircraft during a flight from Maputo to Manzini in Swaziland and demanded to be flown to Australia.
The synagogue was one of the few religious buildings spared during the pogrom of Kristallnacht on November 9, 1938 when Nazi gangs attacked Jews across Germany and vandalised their shops, homes and synagogues.
"Once during a Champions Cup game one of my players didn't tackle a player aggresively enough for fear of getting a second yellow card.
The demonstration was organized by the French communists, who paid a high price in terms of numbers shot or deported to death camps by the Germans during World War II.
Some 200,000 Georgians fled Abkhazia during fighting in the west Georgian province in 1992 and 1993.
It is fortunate that what is left of Sacchi's hair has already gone white, such is the trauma he has undergone during the World Cup.
The demonstration was organized by the French communists, who paid a high price in terms of numbers shot or deported to death camps by the Germans during World War II.
Willmann said he would understand if there were protests during the parade and sympathised with "the reticence of French people old enough to remember the German occupation."
Lukashenko said during the election campaign he favoured a return to price controls and an end to privatisation.
Officers found the explosives in hidden compartments during a routine check when the vehicle arrived at Heysham, northern England, on a ferry from Warrenpoint, Northern Ireland.
Despite a brief blip during the Gulf War, Japanese have been going overseas in growing numbers and last year spent 23.3 billion dollars more abroad than foreigners spent in Japan.
Clinton returns home from European tour  WASHINGTON, July 12 (AFP)  President Bill Clinton returned here Tuesday following a week-long European swing during which he attended the Group of Seven summit of leading industrialized nations in Italy.
Cases of damaging or trespassing on wooded lands and of poaching of wildlife have also become problems, he said, warning that anyone found during the investigation to be engaging in such activities would be punished.
There were no reports of injuries during the riot, in which some car tires were set on fire, but prison warden Reyes Torres Acuna told reporters that 50 armed guards were positioned inside the compound as a precaution.
The men were in Arafat's motorcade which crossed from Egypt to the Strip during the morning and were not checked by customs or police.
The radio, quoting military sources, said among the group were several who killed dozens of Israelis during an attack at Maalot close to the Lebanese border in 1974.
The men were in Arafat's motorcade which crossed from Egypt to the Strip during Tuesday morning and were not checked by customs or police.
Clinton returned from a week-long European swing during which he attended the Group of Seven summit of leading industrialized nations in Naples, Italy.
Monsoon clouds have been settling over the capital during the past few days and there are fears that heavy rains could turn the sprawling Red Fort grounds into a swamp.
The charms of Europe's huge container port will pale in comparison to what the sub-continent had to offer during a first-round tie against India in March, when team members chartered a plane to visit the sights.
They had done so when Arafat paid a five-day visit to Gaza from July 1 and also when large numbers of the new Palestinian police entered the self-areas during May.
Iraq supported Yemen's northern President Ali Abdallah Saleh, who had backed Saddam Hussein during the 1991 Gulf war.
"I met with the peace builders group during my visit.
The dollar has shed 1.5 yen and four pfennigs since Friday in response to a decision by the G7 summit in Naples during the weekend not to express any intention to stabilise the foreign exchange market.
Twenty pursued after bloody Taiwan nuclear protest  TAIPEI, July 13 (AFP)  Authorities here are seeking 20 anti-nuclear activists alleged to have hurled petrol bombs and attacked riot-control officers with spiked poles during a wild and bloody protest, police said Wednesday.
For the first time in Taiwan, helicopters gathered evidence and monitored protesters during the demonstration.
More Hong Kong emigrants returning home to work: survey  HONG KONG, July 13 (AFP)  The rate of Hong Kong emigrants returning to the territory has increased substantially during the transition to China's takeover in 1997, a survey showed Wednesday.
Imelda Marcos in new graft charges  MANILA, July 13 (AFP)  State prosecutors on Wednesday filed graft charges against former Philippine first lady Imelda Marcos for allegedly soliciting and accepting a necklace as a bribe during her tenure as a member of the cabinet in 1985.
Marcos and her children are facing dozens of criminal and civil suits stemming from their alleged raiding of the national treasury during her husband's 20-year-rule which ended with their flight to Hawaiian exile in 1986 after a popular revolt.
Longtime refugees return to Rwanda  KAMPALA, July 13 (AFP)  Around 17,000 Tutsi refugees who fled massacres in Rwanda during the 1960s have gone back home following the fall of the capital Kigali to Tutsi-led rebels, the New Vision newspaper reported Wednesday.
Food is also scarce after looters seized stocks collected by the southern authorities during the month-long siege and ransacked warehouses belonging to private traders in the port area.
Australia to push for freer trade exchanges between APEC members  TOKYO, July 13 (AFP)  Australia will support freer trade between the members of the Asia- Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum, during its November summit in Jakarta, Australian trade minister Bob McMullan said here Wednesday.
Even though the space suits had been expected to be cumbersome and tiring, the astronauts found they could move more easily than during training sessions in a simulated lunar environment.
They are showing a united front -- strength, unity during the period until the funeral is over."
According to Russian and Chinese documents and testimonies, the elder Kim spent several years in a Soviet army camp near Khabarovsk during the final phase of Japan's colonial rule over Korea from 1910-1945.
Erratic and insufficient rainfall during the last agricultural season, resulted in a 40 percent decline in maize production, the country's staple.
Lien Ching-tai, the speaker, and Chou Wu-liu, the vice speaker, were sentenced Tuesday to 14 and 12 months in jail for buying votes and arranging free sightseeing trips for their colleagues during council elections in March, the officials said.
The photographs, taken during the hottest days recorded in 17 years, showed the tigers -- which are unofficially considered the national animal of both South and North Korea -- trying to cool themselves under fountains.
World championship leader Schumacher overtook Hill during the warm-up lap before Sunday's race at Silverstone.
However, Hill faces trouble for stopping during his victory lap to pick up a Union Jack.
That had not deterred the balding Cesena-born Pantani, who became famous overnight after taking over five minutes off Indurain and eventual winner Evgeni Berzin of Russia in two stages in the Italian Dolomites during the Giro.
It said police would double their patrols during the summer season while 500,000 leaflets of advice for motorists would be handed out at tolls.
Father Bernardo Blanco, 66, in a television interview said his captors had repeatedly told him of their plans during his 48 days of captivity in the jungles of Basilan province where he was held by the Abu Sayyaf Moslem fundamentalist group.
Last week in the Togolese town of Kara, 380 kilometres (235 miles) north of Lome, Cameroon and Nigeria agreed that the heads of state of the two countries would meet in Togo during the second half of July.
for their own benefit," Caldera said during a speech before the Fedecamaras business association late Tuesday.
Inflation during the first quarter hit 30 percent.
Dealers said that there had been heavy buying of leading shares and particularly of LVMH, Rohone-Poulenc, Paribas and oil shares during the last two days.
The price of shares in Matra-Hachette rose by 4.9 percent, Elf- Aquitaine by 4.8 percent, and Sommer Allibert, which has been strongly recommended by analysts during the last few days, by 4.5 percent.
He acquired the nickname "Desert Fox" during a campaign against Montgomery in Libya in 1941-42, and commanded German forces when the allies landed in Normandy on June 6, 1944.
He acquired the nickname "Desert Fox" during a campaign against Montgomery in Libya in 1941-42, and commanded German forces when the allies landed in Normandy on June 6, 1944.
French European Affairs Minister Alain Lamassoure on Wednesday called on Parisians to cheer Eurocorps soldiers, including German troops, during the Bastille Day parade.
But fighting appeared to extend during the course of the day further along the line, with 103 detonations reported near Otoka, to the northeast of Grabez.
However clashes which had flared over the past days between government forces and rebel Moslems to the north of Bihac died down during the day.
They had done so when Arafat paid a five-day visit to Gaza from July 1 and also when large numbers of the new Palestinian police entered the self-areas during May.
African arms dealer acknowledges arms sales to Iraq  JOHANNESBURG, July 13 (AFP)  The head of South Africa's state-run arms manufacturer, lifting a traditional veil of secrecy on the group's activities, publicly acknowledged Wednesday that Armscor had helped arm Iraq during its war with Iran.
But Armscor chief executive Tielman de Waal said the deals during the 1980-1989 war accounted for less than one percent of total arms sales and all dealings with Saddam Hussein were halted "100 percent" after the United Nations imposed sanctions on Iraq following its invasion of Kuwait.
But De Waal said the government would be severely embarrassed if it tried to force corporation officials to testify before a Truth Commission for crimes committed during the years of exclusive white rule.
Armscor has already admitted that South Africa imported and exported armaments and weapons technology during the apartheid era, in defiance of a U.N. arms embargo.
But South Africa's arms industry flourished during the embargo years, producing weapons that were successfully battle-tested during Pretoria's bush war against its neighbours, Namibia and Angola.
The dollar had fallen during trading here on Tuesday to the lowest price since October 1992, when it dropped to 1.5175 marks.
The fall of the dollar during the last few days had been excessive and unrelated to the state of the US economy which was clearly experiencing non-inflationary recovery.
Price also prizes self-confidence, which he says he has never lost, not even during his miserable years of the 1980s.
The pair eventually overhauled Pantani, who became famous overnight during the Giro when he took five minutes off Indurain and eventual winner Evgeni Berzin during two stages in the Dolomites, before Leblanc won the sprint in a final time of 6hr 58min 4sec.
Ottawa had wanted to populate an inhospitable region during Cold War political instability.
As a result, the report said, there "a severe shortage of clothing and bedding during the first winter, causing hardship and suffering to the relocatees to whom the government owed a duty of care."
Six government vehicles were damaged during the protest, witnesses said.
Sit Sanja, a close associate of drug warlord Khun Sa, died in hospital while receiving treatment after being wounded during a week-long skirmish with Burmese soldiers, the state-run radio said in a dispatch monitored here.
Earlier, Radio Rangoon reported that nearly 200 Burmese soldiers and 250 of Khun Sa's men were killed during six weeks of clashes since the army launched a major offensive against the drug warlord's Mong Tai Army (MTA) in late May.
They had done so when Arafat paid a five-day visit to Gaza from July 1 and also when large numbers of the new Palestinian police entered the self-areas during May.
"The thieves took advantage of the limited security around the boat, which is only effective during the day, to come aboard and they took everything they could carry, including electronic navigation and radio equipment," said Romeo.
Sheikh Saud said Kuwait regarded Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh, who also supported Iraq during the Gulf crisis, as an "ally" of Iraqi President Saddam Hussein, but the emirate "is not interfering in Yemen's internal affairs."
Northern Yemeni leaders accused neighbouring Gulf countries of helping to arm the breakaway south during the civil war which ended with the capture of Aden last week.
They had done so when Arafat paid a five-day visit to Gaza from July 1 and also when large numbers of the new Palestinian police entered the self-areas during May.
"We remain confident that Ukraine will carry out its commitments," she said, adding that during his campaign Kuchma "underscored his intention to carry out Ukraine's nuclear dismantlement obligations."
Though a painfully shy individual off the pitch, his creativeness and flair during matches make a stark contrast.
Latvia's political scene has been in turmoil for months as the coalition partners have clashed about policy direction, while accusations that several deputies collaborated with the KGB during the Soviet era have also poisoned the atmosphere.
Baggio said he never got downhearted during his much criticised first round displays.
And during this match how right he was.
She said she had always intended to take stock of her future during her fifth term as an MP.
Selig and Fehr stood three meters apart near a dugout during all-star batting practice.
He once shocked listeners of a local radio station when a microphone behind his goal picked up some choice obscene language during a Swedish league match.
South Korean mourners would be admitted to North Korea via Panmunjom in the demilitarized zone or from third countries, the statement said, adding that "we will guarantee their personal safety and provide them with all conveniences" during their stay.
Three of the militants were expelled during the day Wednesday and the fourth finally gave himself up to the Palestinian authorities and was thrown out overnight.
In a separate incident Tuesday, more than 300 East Timorese carrying crucifixes and images of the Virgin Mary took to the streets to protest against two Moslem soldiers who stamped on communion wafers during a mass at Saint Joseph church in Remexio, a small town south of Dili, on June 28.
"The best days were during the British mandate of Palestine," recalled Abu Hassira, speaking of the 1920-1948 period before the creation of the state of Israel.
"The dollar could still rise to 1.55 marks during the day, but if nothing happens soon, it could slump through the 1.5370-mark and 97.75-yen level before this evening," he said.
I've never thought of abandoning during a stage.
"Even supposing that I can recuperate during the rest day, which I think will be difficult, all that's left for me to aim for are stage victories, and to be Best Climber.
A high-ranking foreign ministry official told AFP: "The opening of the Israeli-Jordanian border is one of dozens of subjects, including tourism, the economy, culture and even security, which will be tackled in working groups during the peace negotiations."
Those reflexes were honed during the intifada or revolt against Israeli occupation which erupted in the nearby Jabalia refugee camp in December 1987.
"Witnesses reported seeing a blue flame a second before hearing a blast and yesterday repairs were carried out in the cafeteria during which gas pipes could have been damaged," a police official said.
His family had stood by him and were a source of strength during his imprisonment.
It also said school buildings on Malakula island collapsed during the quake while landslides had caused a river to dry up and had damaged other water supply systems.
Domestic demand during the last quarter of 1993 had risen by 0.1 percent, investment by 0.5 percent and exports by 16.8 percent owing mainly to a depreciation in the value of the lira, and the price of imported goods had risen by 9.8 percent, the report said.
Pay in the industrial sector had risen by four percent during the last five months but pay in the public sector had fallen by 0.2 percent.
Rao made no reference during his speech to the Moslem separatist rebellion in the northern state of Kashmir or tensions with Pakistan.
"We will send a mourning delegation to Pyongyang for the funeral Sunday despite the government's disapproval," declared South Korea's top radical student leader, Kim Hak-Jun, during an anti-government rally in Seoul.
A large cache of AK-56 assault rifles, plastic explosives and ammunition was also recovered during police raids.
The declaration, made during a visit to a centre for the handicapped in Gaza City, came a day after Israel ordered out the militants who slipped in secretly aboard Arafat's motorcade when he returned on Tuesday.
Three of the militants were expelled during the day Wednesday and the fourth finally gave himself up to the Palestinian authorities and was thrown out overnight.
But Mitterrand dismissed Pasqua's comments during his annual July 14 television interview saying it represented a voice from the past.
At least 52 private televisions and more than 100 radio stations sprouted up during Lebanon's 1975-1990 civil war, most of them illegally.
Karadzic remained unmoved by the threats issued by British Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd and French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe during their whirlwind diplomatic tour this week to press the warring sides to accept the blueprint.
The resolution should be ratified by President Elias Hrawi within a month and published in the official gazette, pending approval of a law regulating the media in Lebanon, where more than 150 broadcasting stations sprang up during the civil war.
At least 52 private televisions and more than 100 radio stations emerged during Lebanon's civil war, most of them illegally.
"Syria has already discussed all the different areas of the peace process with Christopher during his previous trips," the ruling party paper said.
But Mitterrand dismissed Pasqua's comments during his annual July 14 television interview -- his last before leaving office this year -- saying it represented a voice from the past.
The investigations, in which British investigators went to the islands in the south Atlantic, followed accusations of brutal behavior by British soldiers against their Argentine counterparts during the battle for Mount Longdon.
If this figure is confirmed, it will be the first time that the United States registers three consecutive years of deficit cuts since the post-World War II years during Harry Truman's 1945-1952 presidency.
But Mitterrand dismissed Pasqua's comments during his annual July 14 television interview -- his last before leaving office this year -- saying it represented a voice from the past.
The rate of growth of M3 should decline during the year, he said.
Kalandia airport, north of Jerusalem, was built by Britain during its mandate in Palestine.
Vukovar is the symbol of Croatian resistance to the federal Yugoslav army and Serb militia during the 1991 war.
His comments came ahead of ASEAN's annual ministerial meeting and an ASEAN Regional Forum in Bangkok starting next week during which Burmese leaders have been invited as guests by the host country.
"Syria has already discussed all the different areas of the peace process with Christopher during his previous trips," the ruling party paper said.
Killer circus lion dies of remorse  KUWAIT CITY, July 14 (AFP)  A circus lion which killed its tamer during a show in Kuwait fell into a "in deep depression" and starved itself to death, the Kuwaiti daily al-Qabas reported Thursday.
The lion, Shiraz, killed its Romanian tamer, 52-year-old Elena Tipa, when it locked its jaws round the woman's neck during a Romanian circus performance in Kuwait on May 26.
Three of the militants were expelled during the day Wednesday and the fourth finally gave himself up to the Palestinian authorities and was thrown out overnight.
"They no longer face death in fighting but from starvation," he said during a television interview broadcast to coincide with Bastille Day, France's national holiday.
"It is envisaged that during these meetings, bilateral relations between South Africa and Mozambique and the promotion of regional delveopment, will be discussed," Mankahlana said in a statement.
Zimbabwe chairs a task force of southern African countries which helped defuse a military uprising in Lesotho early this year, during which dissident troops demanding pay increases captured four cabinet ministers and killed a deputy premier.
He put Brazil's success down to repeated practice of tactics during training sessions.
Details of the agreement were not revealed but it was expected to be formally ratified by Prime Minister Rafic Hariri during a visit to Moscow later this year.
Leonardo, suspended for four international matches by FIFA after elbowing American Tab Ramos in the face during their second round match, joins Kashima Antlers next season.
"They no longer face death in fighting but from starvation," he said during a television interview broadcast to on Bastille Day, France's national holiday.
Allalou, a businessman with good connections in Kuwait, was virtually the only Algerian politician openly to support Kuwait against Iraq during the 1991 Gulf war.
Off the pitch the team's stand-offishness alienated many during the first round, when they turned police on children who tried to watch them train.
"They no longer face death in fighting but from starvation," he said during a television interview broadcast to on Bastille Day, France's national holiday.
The talks had been launched after Pyongyang agreed during a visit last month to Pyongyang by former US president Jimmy Carter to freeze its nuclear programme and not to refuel a controversial nuclear reactor.
The practice of preventive detention, used extensively against Italian politicians over the past two years during the Clean Hands probe, would now be the exception rather than the rule, he said.
The practice, used extensively against Italian politicians and businessmen over the past two years during the Clean Hands probes, would now be the exception rather than the rule, Biondi said.
Vukovar is the symbol of Croatian resistance to the federal Yugoslav army and Serb militia during the 1991 war.
"They no longer face death in fighting but from starvation," he said during a television interview broadcast to on Bastille Day, France's national holiday.
Allegations that several deputies collaborated with the KGB during the Soviet era have also poisoned the atmosphere, leading to the resignation last month of foreign minister Georgs Andrejevs, one of five such accused.
The union also elected to ballot 300 supervisors and managers, who have been manning signal boxes to maintain skeleton services during walk-outs, on joining the strike.
On Tuesday more than 300 East Timorese carrying crucifixes and images of the Virgin Mary took to the streets to protest at the desecration by two Moslem soldiers of communion wafers during a mass in Remexio, a small town south of Dili, on June 28.
Ricardo Rocha hurt his groin during the first match against Russia on June 20 and was substituted by Aldair 22 minutes before the end.
And he has even promised to keep his mouth shut -- mostly -- during the World Cup.
At Santa Clara University on July 2, two days before their second round game against the US, midfielders Rai and Zinho were moved to the second team during a run out.
Pele irrepressible when Brazil last won the World Cup  LOS ANGELES, July 14 (AFP)  Brazil have enduring memories of their last World Cup triumph over Italy in 1970 in Mexico City.
A recent Israeli television report said that Prince Abdullah Abdul Rahman, the younger brother of Malaysia's King Tuanku Ja'afar Abdul Rahman, paid a secret visit to Israel in mid-June, during which he met Rabin and Peres.
The prosecution alleged during the trial, in which Burke pleaded not guilty, that he had claimed the expenses for official overseas trips between 1984 and 1986 knowing they had already been paid for by the state.
He was a popular and highly successful premier during five years in which the economy of his state boomed to the extent Western Australia was dubbed "the golden west" and "the state of excitement."
The finance ministry said that foreign investment here in the year to last March totalled 3.078 billion dollars, or less than 10 percent of Japan's overseas investments of 36.025 billion dollars during the same period.
His company was also Germany's biggest warplane manufacturer during world War II.
An inquiry has begun into the cause of the fire, which officials said could have been started by machinery left on during a power cut in the market that ended late Thursday.
Human rights groups from at least eight countries plan to meet here during annual meetings of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) next week to focus attention on regional human rights issues.
The previous day, more than 300 East Timorese carrying crucifixes had taken to the streets to protest the action of two Moslem soldiers who stamped on communion wafers during a mass at St. Joseph's church in Remexio, a small town south of Dili on June 28.
It dollar opened at 98.43 yen, slightly lower than New York's late Thursday quote of 98.55 yen, and moved between 98.20 yen and 98.50 yen during the day.
Venereal disease officially "disappeared" in China during the 1950s and '60s and only resurfaced in 1977 when a luckless individual in central Hunan province suffered the ignominy of becoming the first registered case in nearly 30 years.
In the first five months of the year industrial output had been 10.5 percent higher than during the same period of last year.
He had been ill during Wednesday's 11th stage and lost more than 20 minutes on race leader Miguel Indurain.
Police seized black-banded Kim Il-Sung portraits, votive candle stands, 160 firebombs, 50 metal pipes, 40 sloganned banners, anti- government literature and five books on North Korea's Juche (self- reliance) ideology during the raid, police said.
"We will send a mourning delegation to Pyongyang for the funeral Sunday despite the government's disapproval," declared South Korea's top radical student leader, Kim Hak-Jun, during Thursday's rally in Seoul.
Representatives of the Russian royal family visited Britain several times during the 19th century, including Nicholas II, who was invited in September 1896 by Queen Victoria.
The injured were rushed to hospital here from the town of Lezoux, where the accident happened during the traditional fireworks that wind up July 14 national holiday celebrations in France.
"Syria has already discussed all the different areas of the peace process with Christopher during his previous trips.
The strikers are demanding the immediate release of Abiola, whom they consider the "symbol" of the sovereign will of the people, expressed during the election, and his inauguration as president.
Bosnian government forces seize two hills in Bihac enclave  SARAJEVO, July 15 (AFP)  Bosnian government forces have seized two hills in the western Bihac enclave during heavy fighting with Serb forces, a UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) spokesman said here Friday.
The loan, which will be disbursed during three years, is repayable over 20 years.
Rules which allow spectators to cheer at any time during a match -- as long as they do not try to deliberately distract -- and which will also allow most fans in stadiums to move about freely will come into effect on Monday at tournaments in Stuttgart, Germany, and Washington, DC.
"We still hope there will be amendments during the dicussions in the next few days to minimise the effects of what happened," he said.
Chinese Foreign Minister Qian Qichen, during talks with Goodlad Friday, agreed to meet British Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly which opens in New York in September, Xinhua quoted Chinese foreign ministry sources as saying.
India's power men brace for World Cup final  NEW DELHI, July 15 (AFP)  India's notorious power corporations pledged on Friday to provide uninterrupted electricity to football-mad Indians during the live broadcast of Sunday's World Cup final.
Irate television viewers have vented their anger on power stations in the past following breakdowns during broadcasts of cricket or hockey matches.
Police also tore down wall posters mourning Kim Il-Sung's death and seized black-banded Kim Il-Sung portraits, sloganned banners and books on North Korea's Juche (self-reliance) ideology during the raid, police said.
In May the company had said that it was revising these figures downwards because the Polish market for lorries had contracted from 7,000 vehicles to 3,000 during the last two years.
Two Palestinians shot in clash with Israeli army  HEBRON, West Bank, July 15 (AFP)  Two Palestinian youths were shot and slightly wounded on Friday during clashes with the Israeli army in the West Bank town of Hebron, Palestinian hospital officials said.
A course official said the the 23-year-old lost three toes when part of his left foot was severed in a crash at the Chemin aux Boeufs chicane during practice for Sunday's race.
Kono, who is also vice premier in the administration of Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama, made the remark during a meeting with US Ambassador to Japan Walter Mondale, foreign ministry officials said.
URGENT  BRUSSELS, July 15 (AFP)  European Union leaders have chosen Jacques Santer as new president of the EU's executive European Commission, a commission official said during a summit of EU leaders here Friday.
The official said no accord would be signed during the first public meeting ever between the king and Rabin.
Tripartite talks between Israel, Jordan and the United States are due to open at a Jordanian hotel on the Dead Sea next Wednesday, during a new regional tour by US Secretary of State Warren Christopher.
French President Francois Mitterrand had nothing but praise for Delors during his traditional Bastille Day television address Thursday, which was interpreted by commentators as an open invitation to join the presidential race.
He seemed to have found his niche as head of the European Commission where he became known as "Mr. Europe" because he so profoundly changed the EU during his 10 years on the job.
His possible candidacy for next year's presidential poll will no doubt be discussed during the Socialist Party's congress in November.
EU leaders appoint Santer as Delors' successor officials (RECASTS, ADDS official, diplomats saying Santer appointed) by Graham Brown BRUSSELS, July 15 (AFP) - European Union leaders have unanimously chosen Luxembourg Prime Minister Jacques Santer as new president of the EU's executive European Commission, diplomats and officials said during a summit of EU leaders here Friday.
The president of the European Parliament, Egon Klepsch, said during the meeting that Santer, 57, would appear before the Euro-assembly next Thursday to present his ideas and policies.
The safety zone was established during the RPF advance to help refugees.
BULLETIN  BRUSSELS, July 15 (AFP)  European Union leaders unanimously chose Jacques Santer as new president of the EU's executive European Commission during a summit here Friday, Chancellor Helmut Kohl of Germany announced.
Government forces were also fighting Moslem rebels on a second front, in the north of the Bihac pocket, where clashes grew during the course of the morning with 28 detonations reported amid small arms fire.
Thorn EMI fell nine pence to 1,065 after it failed to announce an expected reorganisation of its musical activities during its annual shareholder meeting.
(AFP) Dumb question Brazilian coach Carlos Alberto Parreira has heard plenty of stupid questions during this World Cup.
Tripartite talks between Israel, Jordan and the United States are to open at a Jordanian hotel on the Dead Sea next Wednesday, during a new regional tour by US Secretary of State Warren Christopher.
His remarks came during a special promotion here for Japan to become the first Asian country to host the World Cup in 2002.
Coffee, oil and rubber bounce higher By Olivier Thibault and Heather Prentice  LONDON, July 15 (AFP)  Coffee prices leapt 26 percent higher during the week, reaching a new peak after a second cold snap hit Brazil caused feverish buying.
Copper rose around 20 dollars during the week to end about 2,483 dollars per tonne, as the metal was boosted by continued downdraws in stocks.
Nickel rose around 100 dollars during the week to end at around 6,390 dollars per tonne.
Tin rose around 60 dollars during the week to 5,435 dollars per tonne, in line with the rest of the complex.
A new cold snap in Brazil sent coffee prices soaring 26 percent during the week, as dealers bought feverishly fearing a new fall in production.
The safe zone was established during the RPF advance to help refugees.
Vice President Al Gore first spoke of establishing the fund in January during a trip to Central Asia.
Tripartite talks between Israel, Jordan and the United States are to open at a Jordanian hotel on the Dead Sea next Wednesday during the latest regional tour by US Secretary of State Warren Christopher.
"Generally I have not come into the Open in good nick during the past five or six years.
Tuesday, more than 300 East Timorese carrying crucifixes had taken to the streets to protest the action of two Moslem soldiers who stamped on communion wafers during a mass in a small town south of Dili on June 28.
Emeka Anyaoku said in an official statement during a visit to Nigeria that he had come to the country to "explore ways in which my office can assist in arresting what I see as deepening political polarisation that is endangering Nigeria's efforts to achieve democracy and stability."
Apart from every major telescope on Earth, the Hubble space telescope and space probes such as Giotto, Galileo, Voyager 2, Ulysses and Clementine will be trained on Jupiter and its moons during the impact period.
Researchers say Shoemaker-Levy-9 was captured 100 years ago by Jupiter's enormous gravity, which pulled the comet to pieces during its last visit to the planet on July 7, 1992.
Youth receives life in prison for killings at Arizona Buddhist temple  PHOENIX, Arizona, July 15 (AFP)  A 19-year-old youth was sentenced Friday to life in prison with no possibility of parole for the murder of six monks and three others during a 1991 robbery at a Buddhist temple in Arizona.
The youth received 10 consecutive life sentences for the nine killings at the Wat Promkunaram temple near Phoenix and an unrelated murder of a woman at a campground during a robbery.
Former British paratrooper Vince Bramley, in his book "Excursion To Hell," alleged that two British troops had summarily executed four captured Argentines and cut off their ears as souvenirs during the battle for Mount Longdon.
The investigations, which brought British investigators to the islands in the South Atlantic, followed accusations of brutal behavior by British soldiers against their Argentine counterparts during the battle for Mount Longdon.
(LOS ANGELES) Ricardo Rocha hurt his groin during the first match against Russia on June 20 and was substituted by Aldair 22 minutes before the end.
And he has even promised to keep his mouth shut -- mostly -- during the World Cup.
At Santa Clara University on July 2, two days before their second round game against the US, midfielders Rai and Zinho were moved to the second team during a run out.
Former British paratrooper Vince Bramley, in his book "Excursion To Hell," alleged that two British troops had summarily executed four captured Argentines and cut off their ears as souvenirs during the battle for Mount Longdon.
The investigations, which brought British investigators to the islands in the South Atlantic, followed accusations of brutal behavior by British soldiers against their Argentine counterparts during the battle for Mount Longdon.
Pele irrepressible when Brazil last won the World Cup  LOS ANGELES, July 16 (AFP)  Brazil have enduring memories of their last World Cup triumph over Italy in 1970 in Mexico City.
Denying the move was a snub, he stressed he was "satisfied that Hong Kong issues have been fully covered during my visit" in his meetings with Qian, Vice Foreign Minister Jiang Enzhu and other Chinese officials.
Goodlad insisted Saturday that the positive atmosphere had continued during his visit, saying he had been received with "great courtesy."
"There was a development during the early hours of this morning in the inquiry and as a result Karen and Roger Humphries have been reunited with their baby," he said.
It said Clinton's pledge came in a telephone conversation between the two leaders Friday, during which they discussed the Middle East peace process and US Secretary of State Warren Christopher's new regional tour starting Monday.
It said Clinton's pledge came in a telephone conversation between the two leaders Friday, during which they discussed the Middle East peace process and US Secretary of State Warren Christopher's new regional tour starting Monday.
Authorities have launched an investigation into the fire but first reports blamed an electrical fault in machinery left on during a power cut that ended late Thursday.
Marcos was quoted as saying that she would run "if the practice of injustice continues and to give justice to the people," in apparent reference to the criminal and civil suits the government has filed against her, accusing her of looting government coffers during her husband's 20-year reign.
"I probably haven't been the most patient player on Earth during my career.
The director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency, Hans Blix, said during a recent visit here that nuclear security measures at Daya Bay conformed with international standards.
Indonesia denies reports of demonstrators' deaths  CANBERRA, July 16 (AFP)  Indonesia formally denied on Saturday that anyone  had been killed during a crackdown this week on a religious protest march in East Timor.
"The Department of Foreign Affairs denies categorically reports being circulated by various news agencies to the effect that several people had died during a demonstration in Dili, East Timor."
Tripartite talks between Israel, Jordan and the United States are to open at a Jordanian hotel on the Dead Sea Wednesday, during a new regional tour by US Secretary of State Warren Christopher.
Finance Minister Singh said during a visit Friday to the southern Indian city of Trivandrum that New Delhi would no longer pump funds into the public sector or make investments in new industries.
The letter, which was sent on July 13, did not say what Ramos hoped to discuss with Clinton during the visit.
Ramos first invited Clinton to visit the Philippines when the two met during the APEC summit in Seattle last November.
He had hoped Clinton could attend ceremonies in October marking the 50th anniversary of return of US troops to the Philippines to liberate it from occupying Japanese forces during World War II, but Clinton could not come.
About 150 rockets were launched against the capital during the two- hour pre-dawn attack by Gulbuddin Hekmatyar's Hezb-i-Islami faction.
Beattie was recovering in a top Paris hospital on Saturday after the accident during Friday's free practice session for the French Grand Prix.
The prosecution had also tried to charge the defendants with plotting to assassinate UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali during an African summit in Cairo in June 1993, but failed to make the accusation stick.
Italy to block Slovenia's EU bid over property  TRIESTE, Italy, July 16 (AFP)  Italy has given Slovenia three months to settle a dispute over Italian property confiscated under the old Tito regime, during which it will block Ljubljana's bid for closer ties with the European Union, an Italian official said Saturday.
Kang Wi-Ryong, an avowed comrade of the elder Kim in his legendary guerrilla campaign against Japanese colonisers during World War II, called the younger Kim "the greatest man and most brilliant commander" in one of many sweeping tributes issued by Pyongyang's propaganda media.
(correcting second to last para) Italy to block Slovenia's EU bid over property  TRIESTE, Italy, July 16 (AFP)  Italy has given Slovenia three months to settle a dispute over Italian property confiscated under the old Tito regime, during which it will block Ljubljana's bid for closer ties with the European Union, an Italian official said Saturday.
The violence flared when the military administrator in Oyo state, 140 kilometres (70 miles) north of Lagos, left a prayer meeting during which he had justified Abiola's jailing on treason charges.
A number of demonstrators, including secondary school pupils who had been chanting anti-military slogans, were arrested during the clash.
Rominger abandons the Tour  ALBI, France, July 16 (AFP)  Switzerland's Toni Rominger, the only rider capable of challenging Miguel Indurain for the 1994 Tour de France, abandoned the race during Saturday's 13th stage.
Though second in the overall standings, he had been destroyed by Indurain during the agonising 13km climb which climaxed Wednesday's 11th stage at Lourdes Hautacam, in the foothills of the Pyrenees.
I've never thought of abandoning during a stage.
Englishman Mark Brooks hit a six under par 64 in a fresh cross wind during Friday's second round, a score matched by only six men in the 123-year history of the Open.
reopens (ALBI) Rominger's sad exit, during a relatively easy flat stage, came in sharp contrast to the 33-year-old's hopes when he started the race.
Solzhenitsyn "more optimistic" about Russia  MOSCOW, July 16 (AFP)  Russian author Alexander Solzhenitsyn said he was "more optimistic" about Russia after his meetings with people during his trip across the country, said the ITAR-TASS news agency Saturday.
Sanaa declared a curfew in all of Yemen's northern provinces during the civil war which broke out on May 5.
But with Wessels as diligent as ever during a near three-hour stay, they recovered to reach 207 for five by tea.
It was believed to have rounded Jupiter for a century before being pulled in too close during its last visit July 7, 1992 and smashed into pieces by the planet's immense gravitational pull.
The discovery was made during a check of the barracks after an earlier less thorough search for arms and ammunition ignored areas thought to be less important.
Sanaa declared a curfew in all of Yemen's northern provinces during the civil war which broke out on May 5.
Food prices, which soared during the war, fell slightly after a government announcement Friday that the state had "sufficient quantities" of foodstuffs to supply southern regions.
Maroni, said during a television interview the final decree text adopted Wednesday evening did not correspond to what he had approved earlier, implying that he had been tricked by his colleagues.
"If the peace plan is rejected by the Bosnian Serbs, it is going to create very serious consequences," Demirel warned during a joint press conference.
The government concession came during a meeting here Saturday between administration officials headed by government number two Lieutenant- General Oladipo Diya and the Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC), state NTA television reported.
According to early reports to the ministry there were no injuries but two war boats, one Spanish and the other French, attended the scene some 700 kilometers (430 miles) off the coast of northwestern Spain during the day.
The theory is that astronauts will need to produce much of their own food to colonize the moon, or during the extended voyages needed to travel to Mars.
Astronomer Matt Senay of Hawaii told reporters that he had observed no immediate changes during his viewing of the planet, nor could he see any changes in the Jovian atmosphere when the impact site rotated into view.
He also has had to adjust to bands playing during games.
Daniel, who ranks second to England's Laura Davies on the money list, also dropped a 20-foot birdie putt on the 12th hole during a round of five-under par 66 to finish at eight-under par 205 for the tournament.
It was believed to have rounded Jupiter for a century before being pulled in too close during its last visit July 7, 1992 and smashed into pieces by the planet's immense gravitational pull.
It was believed to have rounded Jupiter for a century before being pulled in too close during its last visit July 7, 1992 and smashed into pieces by the planet's immense gravitational pull.
Tripartite talks between Israel, Jordan and the United States are to open at a Jordanian hotel on the Dead Sea on Wednesday, during a new regional tour by Christopher.
Group B  CAMEROON  Colourful but controversial Cameroon promised much, but delivered little during the 1994 sequel to their pioneering World Cup campaign of four years ago.
Group C  GERMANY  If defending champions Germany proved one thing during their humbling World Cup experience it was that you cannot teach an old dog new tricks.
But Ruud Gullit, who had changed his mind yet again about playing for his country, walked out during the last training camp in Holland.
They would discuss "the ways and means to begin a national dialogue, in line with resolutions of the UN Security Council on Yemen" passed during the two-month civil war which ended with the fall of Aden to northern forces on July 7.
Devers injured her left leg during the indoor season and aggrivated the leg pain during the US indoor championships last March in Atlanta.
It was believed to have rounded Jupiter for a century before being pulled in too close during its last visit July 7, 1992 and smashed into pieces by the planet's immense gravitational pull.
Imports of rolled steel, however, have remained at a very high level, with 10 million tonnes being brought in during the first six months of this year.
URGENT  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 17 (AFP)  Israeli soldiers shot dead two Palestinians and wounded about 50 more during clashes at the checkpoint to enter Israel from the Gaza Strip on Sunday, a PLO official said.
Kang was described by KCNA as a comrade of the elder Kim in the guerrilla campaign against Japan during World War II.
Kuwaiti art worth millions sold on black market: report  LONDON, July 17 (AFP)  Antique art objects worth millions of pounds (dollars) looted during the 1990 Iraqi occupation of Kuwait have been sold on the black market, the Sunday Times said here, reporting the arrest of three suspects.
A truce in the vitriolic verbal battle between the two Koreas was broken during the week when the North blasted the South for cracking down on radicals and opposition members.
Palestinians and Israelis exchange fire  EREZ, Gaza Strip, July 17 (AFP)  Palestinian police and Israeli troops exchanged fire at the main Gaza Strip checkpoint on Sunday after one policeman was shot during rioting by Arab workers, a correspondent reported.
More than 300 East Timorese carrying crucifixes protested on Tuesday after two Moslem soldiers stamped on communion wafers during a mass in a small town south of the capital Dili on June 28.
Evans said he discussed establishing Australian diplomatic representation in East Timor with senior levels of the Indonesian government during a visit two weeks ago.
The shooting followed the killing of two Palestinian workers and wounding of about 50 more during rioting at the roadblocks.
Four Israeli soldiers were wounded in Tallussa Wednesday during an attack by the Islamic Resistance, the armed wing of Hezbollah.
Military observers in the area reported 369 mortar shells fired by government forces and 298 by rebel forces during the night in the Skokovi region, north of Bihac town, along with heavy small arms and machine-gun fire, a UN spokesman said here.
Football federation chief Amir Abedini told IRNA that families would be allowed in stadiums during the games to accompany their teenage children who were too young to attend on their own.
Robin Brooke has been brought in at lock to replace Ian Jones, who took a kick in the face during the first Test and has a badly bruised cheekbone.
He accused the government of issuing flawed registration cards which would be rejected during the elections, of registering foreigners from neighbouring countries, and of deliberately delaying the process so that many rural Mozambicans would not be registered by the deadline of August 20.
A senior official of state security -- formerly the secret police known as Khad during the communist regime -- said a staff cook was killed during the rocket attack Saturday by Gulbuddin Hekmatyar's Hezb-i-Islami faction.
    July 17 (AFP) - We shall move the following World Cup graphics (filed  under WORLD CUP 94/SPORTS for satellite users):     CUP BULGARIA SWEDEN                     Graphic showing the first of Sweden's four                     goals during Saturday's third place                     victory over Bulgaria.
Anti-nuclear dissident ends six days of hunger strike  TAIPEI, July 17 (AFP)  A dissident opposing the construction of a 6.4 billion dollar nuclear power plant ended a hunger strike here Sunday after collecting the signatures of 115,984 anti-nuclear supporters during his six days of fasting.
The hunger strike took place against a background of scuffles and violence in and around parliament during its review of the budget for the plant, which will be Taiwan's fourth.
On Tuesday, more than 300 East Timorese carrying crucifixes and images of the Virgin Mary took to the streets to protest against an act of sacrilege by two Moslem soldiers who stamped on communion wafers during a mass at Saint Joseph church in Remexio, a small town south of Dili on June 28.
The programs for young men and women are designed to compensate for the suffering of "comfort women" who were forced to provide sex to Japanese soldiers in Asia during World War II, the Asahi Shimbun said.
The Mainichi Shimbun daily reported that former prisoners of war from five countries were planning to file complaints in October, demanding compensation for ill treatment by Japan during the war.
Another 20 Israeli troops and a civilian were injured by stones during the worst violence on the strip since autonomy began on May 4, the officials said.
Another 20 Israeli troops and a civilian were injured by stones during the worst violence on the Gaza Strip since autonomy began on May 4, the officials said.
Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin reportedly met King Hussein during his first spell as prime minister in 1974.
Jordanian sources said an Israeli delegate had offered his Jordanian counterpart a bottle of water during the preparatory talks, asking: "have you ever tried our water?"
He lost the ends of his toes on his left foot during practice but is still expected to return for the Czech Grand Prix in August.
Two Arabs killed, dozens of Gazans and Israelis hurt in fierce riots By Hassan Jouini  EREZ, Gaza Strip, July 17 (AFP)  At least two Palestinians died and dozens of Arabs and Israelis were wounded Sunday during the worst violence since self-rule began in Gaza, officials on both sides said.
Smith's future, though, is now far from certain after a largely depressing couple of years during which he has failed to improve against spin.
He makes way for 25 -year-old Udal, who performed encouragingly during England's early season Texaco Trophy victory over New Zealand.
There is the killing of Guadalajara archbishop Cardinal Juan Jesus Posadas, whom authorities say was shot to death during a confrontation between rival drug gangs in May 1993; the assassination of journalist Manuel Buendia in 1984 and what has been described as an "erroneous" shootout between the army and judicial police in November 1991 in the state of Veracruz that left seven dead.
Another 20 Israeli troops and a civilian were hurt by stones during the worst violence since autonomy began on May 4.
The refugees were forced to flee their original camp in Al-Kud, on the Gulf of Aden coast, during Yemen's two-month civil war which ended on July 7 when troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh seized Aden.
Ogata said UNHCR Goma staff estimated that more than 150,000 people had crossed over from Rwanda during Saturday afternoon alone.
Just before the prime minister resigned, 86 members, including leftist groups, had voted against his government's annual programme, while 43 other members were absent during the vote.
   Sunday, July 17 (since 0300 GMT)     EREZ, Gaza Strip: At least two Palestinians died and dozens of people were  wounded during the worst violence since self-rule began in Gaza.
The agreements were reached during a joint preparatory meeting on Sunday at the site of the talks.
Victor Possovaluk, Russia's Middle East envoy, said during a two-day visit to Amman: "We support the Hussein-Rabin meeting, as well as the imminent Jordanian-Israeli negotiations, which represent important developments."
The Supreme Court on Thursday ordered the government to prove the legality of the sale of 40 percent of Petron to Saudi Aramco for 502 million dollars during a public bidding in December.
The safety zone was established during the RPF advance to help refugees.
French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur asked the EU Commission during the special EU summit in Brussels on Friday to suspend negotiations and give France time to put into place a programme designed to preserve the present capacity of its shipyards.
According to early reports there were no injuries but two warships, one Spanish and the other French, attended the scene some 700 kilometers (430 miles) off the coast of northwestern Spain during Saturday.
Spanish fishing unions confirmed that the vessel had been damaged during a clash and was being towed to a Spanish port.
A trained engineer who served in the French artillery during World War I, Borotra graduated from the elite French engineering academy, the Polytechnique.
I liked the way it always was for me: I played mostly at weekends and during the big tournaments."
Kabul has been targeted almost daily during the seven months of fighting between the rival forces that has claimed more than 4,000 lives and left 21,000 injured.
The Post also said an internal report prepared in 1989 by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences found 63 cases of cannibalism in the east- central region of Fengyang where 60,245 out of 335,000 people died during the famine.
Other victims of Mao died during the Cultural Revolution of 1966-76 which, the Post said, claimed at least one million and perhaps several million lives.
The paper said at least five million died in labor camps, seven million perished during various political campaigns in the 1950's.
Other victories came during the Fascist regime of Mussolini in 1934 and 1938.
India and China are expected to explore the prospects of reducing troops along their disputed frontier and build on warming ties during high-level talks scheduled during Qian's visit.
Seven villagers also died during a PKK raid on the village of Ugrak in the Diyarbakir region, said authorities in the village in charge of the fight against the PKK.
But on Sunday evening the Northern League's ruling council rejected his resignation offer, during a special meeting in Milan to discuss a controversy which threatens to split Italy's fractious coalition government.
Atherton in injury scare  LONDON, July 17 (AFP)  Mike Atherton is fighting to be fit for the first test against South Africa which begins at Lord's on Thursday after picking up a back problem during his Sunday League match here.
The England captain left the field at Old Trafford during Lancashire's match with Derbyshire to have treatment from physio Lawrie Brown.
Andretti survived having his car fall off its jack during a pit stop and subsequent refueling problems with 22 laps remaining.
"This is going to be a real show," astronomer Glenn Orton said Sunday during a satellite interview from the Mauna Kea observatory in Hawaii with journalists gathered at the Goddard Space Flight Center on the outskirts of Washington.
Brazilian goalkeeper Taffarel, whose save from Daniele Massaro on Italy's fourth kick, set up the triumph, said it had been Brazil's destiny to triumph in USA 94 in honour of the memory of Ayrton Senna, Brazil's biggest sporting hero since Pele, who was killed during the San Marino Grand Prix in May.
On Sunday, Roberto Baggio passed a fitness test only hours before the match and injuries to Roberto Mussi and Dino Baggio during the match used up both Sacchi's substitutes, when a pair of fresh legs up front might have made the difference at the end.
Armstrong took over the controls of Apollo 11 during the landing to avoid dangerous boulders on the Sea of Tranquility.
Brazil continually practiced their tactics during the training sessions, which Zagalo believed was important.
The only incident during the match was in the Piazza del Popolo, where police were brought in to deal with some 30,000 fans angered when a power cut blanked a giant television screen.
   Monday, July 18 (since 1500 GMT Sunday)     EREZ, Gaza Strip: At least two Palestinians died and dozens of people were  wounded during the worst violence since self-rule began in Gaza.
He is also due to meet Arafat in Gaza during the visit.
These trains would be reserved for Eurotunnel shareholders and invited passengers, Bertrand said, but he added, "by October, I would like to see a 'turn up and go' service three times an hour during peak periods."
Christopher, who arrived at dawn, meets Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and Foreign Minister Shimon Peres during the afternoon before flying to Damascus on Tuesday.
The South Korean national news agency quoted a Russian source as saying the release of wartime rice reserves was made for fear of disturbance during the mourning period by North Koreans who have been suffering from acute food shortages.
Proposed border troop cuts are to be discussed and steps to maintain peace on the frontier reviewed during the trip.
The six grams discovered in May were found in the home of a 52-year- old German businessman during the course of an investigation into currency counterfeiting.
The previous day, more than 300 East Timorese carrying crucifixes and images of the Virgin Mary had taken to the streets to protest the action of two Moslem soldiers who stamped on communion wafers during a mass at Saint Joseph's church in Remexio, a small town south of Dili on June 28.
"We must not rush to criticize the inexperienced Palestinian police when we did not prove ourselves during the intifada."
The Israeli secret service Shin Bet was to present its report on the riots to Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin on Monday during a cabinet meeting.
All of the drugs had been seized during anti-narcotics investigations, Ngwe Soe Tun said.
Rangoon lost 196 soldiers and another 357 were wounded during a recent 45-day clash with troops of opium warlord Khun Sa in Burma's Shan State.
The arrests came after a lengthy investigation during which police in Nice had to identify the parents of a gang of 10-to-14-year-old children who have been caught pickpocketing repeatedly by police.
The emergency rations were doled out to avoid disturbances during the mourning period by North Koreans who have suffered food and energy shortages since the collapse of the Soviet Union and other friendly communist states.
The Jawa Pos daily quoted the prosecutor, Sudiro Husodo, as saying that the defendant, Pedro de Fatima, 24, organised a protest march aimed at discrediting the Indonesian government during a visit of foreign journalists in Dili last April.
"We must not rush to criticize the inexperienced Palestinian police when we did not prove ourselves during the intifada."
The Israeli secret service Shin Bet was to present its report on the riots to Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin on Monday during a cabinet meeting.
(picture) Tibetan exiles stage anti-China protest as Qian visits India  NEW DELHI, July 18 (AFP)  Hundreds of Tibetans chanting "China, leave Tibet" scuffled with police and burned the Chinese flag Monday during a demonstration here on the second day of a visit by Foreign Minister Qian Qichen.
An official statement said the floods caused enormous loss to life and property and Bangladesh remembered Chinese support during natural disasters that frequently hit this South Asian country.
In a sign of the scale of the problem, police in Guangdong arrested more than 30,000 prostitues in Guangdong during a six-week crackdown at the end of last year.
An amendment to the national security law, which prohibits mainland Chinese from entering the island, was being considered after a freighter serving as a floating workers' dormitory sank in heavy seas during typhoon last week.
The Fishery and Harbour laws would also be reviewed under orders from Taiwan Governeor James Soong to allow the mainland fishermen to seek shelter in Taiwan during emergencies out of humanitarian concern.
He said during the negotiations which led to the May 4 Israel-PLO autonomy accord he had insisted that Palestinian workers should remain an integral part of the Israeli economy.
The Jawa Pos daily quoted the prosecutor, Sudiro Husodo, as saying Pedro de Fatima, 24, had organised a protest march aimed at discrediting the Indonesian government during a visit of foreign journalists in Dili last April.
                    Text slug: Cup                     One column, 45x180mm, (1-3/4x7-1/4"), BW/C                     Available at 1330 GMT     GOALS FOCUS                     Graphic showing how and when goals                     were scored during the tournament.
The breakthrough in lifting the 1981 ban reportedly came during US Agriculture Minister Mike Espy's official visit to Beijing in October.
"We're merely extending China's growing season and providing apples that fill the gap during its March to August off-season," Mathison said.
Dutch comfort women demands compenstaion  TOKYO, July 18 (AFP)  A 71-year-old Dutch woman forced to serve as a prostitute for Japanese soldiers during World War II on Monday demanded both an apology and compensation.
At the first hearing of a suit against the government, Elly Corry van der Ploeg and seven other internees of Japanese prison camps in Indonesia told of the cruelty they endured during the war.
Up to 200,000 women, mostly from the Korean peninsula but also from Taiwan, Indonesia, the Phillippines and the Netherlands, worked in frontline brothels set up by the Japanese army before and during the war.
The warlord, Mullah Abdul Salam, nicknamed "Rocketi," has been holding the foreigners in an attempt to force Pakistan to return a shipment of three Stinger missiles, taken by Pakistani soldiers during a raid.
In 1984, he was arrested after he telephoned his family in Naples to comment on a Naples-Juventus match during half time.
Overall leader Miguel Indurain of Spain, meanwhile, certain to win this year's race barring accidents, escaped a major scare when he almost rode off the road during the high-speed descent.
"I'm a big bloke -- I weigh 85kg -- so I didn't think many people would make much time on me during the descent!" Alberto Elli of Italy led the stragglers home to take second in front of Pascal Lino of France, both 3mins 39secs behind.
Hochtief, which is a subsidiary of the RWE electrical group, said that the contract, worth 330 million dollars, had been signed in Beijing during the weekend.
Britain made the offer during June "but the French government said they did not need it because they were organised," Baroness Chalker said during a lunch with diplomatic correspondents.
Overall leader Miguel Indurain of Spain, meanwhile, certain to win this year's race barring accidents and who finished ninth here with a four-minute defecit, escaped a major scare when he almost rode off the road during the high-speed descent.
"But going donwhill is no problem -- I'm a big bloke, I weigh 85kg, and that's around 100kg when you add my bike, so I didn't think many people would make much time on me during the descent! "Seeing all the crowds, I got very emotional -- it was one of the greatest moments of my life."
Woolsey said US intelligence sources estimated that North Korea extracted enough plutonium to make "perhaps one or slightly more nuclear weapons" during a reactor refueling in 1989-90.
Sagan described the historic Apollo 11 mission -- during which Neil Armstrong and Edwin "Buzz" Aldrin touched down on the moon in 1969 -- as a "creature of the Cold War."
At Chemical Bank analyst Malcolm Barr said that the lira had been steady during the afternoon "The market seems to hope that some compromise is going toemerge," he said in a reference to the political crisis.
Some dealers said that the publication of figures for growth of the German M3 money supply in June, expected during the week, would enable the Bundesbank to reduce its key Lombard and discount rates.
Woolsey said US intelligence analysts estimated that North Korea extracted enough plutonium to make "perhaps one or slightly more nuclear weapons" during a reactor refueling in 1989-90.
The government had moved to Cyangugu, inside the zone, from Gisenyi, drawing warnings from France that it did not want to harbor government officials because it would hamper the work of an international commission to be formed to seek out people accused of genocide during the civil war.
For the first six months of 1994, the company posted a loss of 9 million dollars (41 cents per share) from a loss of 56 million dollars (93 cents per share) during the same period of 1993.
"Impacts continue to be more spectacular than we expected they would be," professor Lucy McFadden said during the news conference.
The assurances were extended by Qian during a meeting with Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao on issues ranging from bilateral trade to demilitarising the Sino-Indian border, officials said.
Stock prices rose to 59 cents per share from 52 cents per share during the same period last year.
Blatter also said a FIFA panel was examining the possibility of giving linesmen a bigger role in spotting off-the-ball incidents and wiring up the referee and linesmen so they could talk to each other during the match.
For the first time during this World Cup FIFA used video evidence to sanction a player guilty of an offence the referee had not seen.
IFAW southern Africa spokesman David Barritt said he was "very, very surprised" that the Namibian government had decided to proceed with seal culling during "an unprecedented natural disaster" for the population.
Perez, during his two terms in office, had actively sought to promote closer ties between CARICOM and Venezuela.
Barnes said the English Rugby Union were happy to sustain the belief that nations like France and New Zealand, as witnessed by the "rucking" of England player Philip de Glanville during the winter All Blacks tour, played foul.
"Impacts continue to be more spectacular than we expected they would be," professor Lucy McFadden said during the news conference.
Youssouf is accused of organising the hijacking of the Airbus, which was ordered to fly to the Niger capital Niamey in October 1993 during a routine flight between Lagos and the Nigerian capital Abuja.
A crew member died during the operation.
After six hours of debate, the assembly suspended its discussions, and a vote was expected sometime during the night.
A vote was expected during the night.
"Impacts continue to be more spectacular than we expected they would be," professor Lucy McFadden said during the news conference.
Perez, during his two terms in office, had actively sought to promote closer ties between CARICOM and Venezuela.
The CIA director sent shock waves through Europe in February when he said during his Senate confirmation hearings that industrial espionage could become the toughest issue facing the agency.
"The United States will redouble its efforts on behalf of the Middle East and elsewhere," Clinton said during a visit to Maine.
"The United States will redouble its efforts on behalf of the Middle East and elsewhere," Clinton said during a visit to Maine.
"It is reported that the prime minister intends to reverse a long- standing party policy and recognize the Self-Defense Forces (SDF) as 'constitutional' during parliament sessions starting Wednesday on his policy speech."
The Xian Satellite Monitoring and Control Centre in central China has monitored the satellite's activities during it two weeks in orbit.
In April, an explosion at the Xichang launch site in Sichuan killed two people and injured 20 during testing of a new Chinese geostationary satellite.
Elders charged the July 29, 1993 drug deal was set up by someone who was threatening to expose his drug habit during his mother's confirmation hearing for surgeon general unless he got the drugs for him.
"Impacts continue to be more spectacular than we  expected they would be," professor Lucy McFadden said during the news  conference.
US 'anxious' to push trade ties with China  BEIJING, July 19 (AFP)  The United States is "anxious" to push forward economic ties with China, a senior US trade official was quoted as saying here Tuesday, during a visit reflecting the recent thaw in bilateral ties.
Health Minister Alberto Mazza reported 16 police officers injured in the explosion and during the rescue operations.
"The United States will redouble its efforts on behalf of the Middle East and elsewhere," Clinton said during a visit to Maine.
Rajiv Gandhi was assassinated in a Tamil Nadu town on May 21, 1991 when a woman believed to be a Sri Lankan Tamil approached him during a campaign rally and detonated explosives strapped to her waist.
Some of the observations in the report tempered views which have gained currency during the last few years.
Some of the observations in the report tempered views which have gained currency during the last few years.
Japanese forces occupied Hong Kong during the war, and planted bombs throughout the British colony.
The figure is calculated by comparing the money supply during the month with the average figure during the last quarter of the previous year.
Park claimed the junior Kim had already instructed South Korean radicals to stage an anti-US campaign during their fall semester.
The CIA director sent shock waves through Europe during his Senate confirmation hearings in February when he proposed a study to determine whether the CIA should provide classified information to US companies to help them compete against foreign businesses.
"It is highly likely that North Korea will declare the era of Kim Jong-Il during Wednesday's rally," said one official at South Korea's unification ministry.
Iran had backed Yemen's unity during the war after southern leaders declared a breakaway state in a bid to end a four-year uneasy union between the former North and South Yemen.
A report of the Bangladesh Tea Growers' Association, which represents the country's 151 tea gardens, said that during the first six months of this year production rose to 17,000 tonnes, a jump of 1,500 tonnes on the previous corresponding period.
The incident was sparked by an act of sacrilege by Indonesian soldiers during a Catholic mass at Remexio village last month.
Israeli officer shot dead in HAMAS ambush  RAFAH, Gaza Strip, July 19 (AFP)  Two Islamic gunmen shot dead an Israeli army officer during an ambush near the Rafah border with Egypt on Tuesday, military officials and witnesses said.
"The primary market for the gas would be new gas-fired thermoelectric power plants which would be constructed during the next two to five years and connected into the northern Chile power grid," said a BHP statement.
Alatas also denied allegations of religious persecution in East Timor made during the weekend by East Timor's Roman Catholic Bishop, Carlos Ximenez Belo.
On June 28, two Moslem soldiers reportedly stamped on communion wafers during a mass at a church in Remexio, south of East Timor's main city Dili, prompting a street protest on June 12.
The 33-year-old former Stuttgart defender, a member of Germany's 1990 World Cup winning squad, played three games in the United States during this year's event.
The figure is calculated by comparing the money supply during the month with the average figure during the last quarter of the previous year.
IMB's records show that during 1991-93, piracy attacks in the South China and East China seas accounted for half the total worldwide.
The ongoing crisis again hit the lira which fell to a record low point of 1,005.30 to the mark during trading in London on Tuesday.
UN agencies coordinator Awni al-Ani told AFP a first batch of 150 tonnes of food will be handed out in the next two days in the southern Yemeni provinces which were the worst hit during the fighting.
Park claimed the junior Kim had already instructed South Korean radicals to stage an anti-US campaign during their fall semester.
"Pro-government charges have been exaggerated to get rid of political opponents," a radical student leader told AFP Tuesday during the Yonsei rally.
They said pro-Rabbani forces north of the town had been pushed back several kilometres (miles) during the initial thrust by the tank- backed attacking force.
It said SCCIRA troops captured eight tanks and a huge ammunition cache during the "conquest" of the Doshi district, adding that 40 enemy troops were killed and 50 taken prisoner.
Naderi's apparent aim was to push Rabbani troops south of the strategic Salang Pass, a stretch of national highway which had been protected by Jaffar's Kayan militia during the 1979-89 Soviet occupation of Afghanistan.
The Sri Lanka Tea Board was asked during bilateral talks this week to prepare the ground for establishing the cartel by early next year.
"The RPF is ruling an empty country," the communique said, adding that five million of the country's pre-war population of seven million had fled and an additional one million were massacred during nearly 10 weeks of inter-ethnic bloodshed.
Lira falls to record low quote of 1,006 to mark  LONDON, July 19 (AFP)  The lira fell to a record low point of 1,006 to the mark during trading here on Tuesday because dealers were beginning to be concerned that the political crisis in Italy might lead to an early election.
Qian, who left for Nepal, held talks with Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao, Commerce Minister Pranab Mukherjee and other Indian leaders during his three-day stay in Delhi.
Defense ministry sources said that General Joshi, during his weeklong visit, would attempt to establish high-level military communications channels aimed at averting hostilities along the frontier.
The assassination attempt during the height of World War II on July 20, 1944, failed due to a string of unexpected circumstances and von Stauffenberg and several of his collaborators were shot dead that very evening.
The issue of the blockade was to be raised during a meeting Tuesday at Brijuni on the Adriatic coast between Yasushi Akashi, UN special envoy to ex-Yugoslavia, UNPROFOR commander General Bertrand de Lapresle and Croatian President Franjo Tudjman.
He was speaking during a meeting with a senior PLO official Faruq Kaddumi, and as Israel and Jordan were holding historic talks on their common border aimed at reaching a peace treaty.
Mysteries stymie comet observers  GREENBELT, Maryland, July 19 (AFP)  The absence of water on sensor sweeps of Jupiter during this week's massive fragment bombardment is extremely puzzling, scientists at the Goddard Space Flight Center said Tuesday.
Peace may be here in three to six months," said Gaby Kaddoch, during the second day of historic negotiations between Israel and Jordan along their common ceasefire line.
Armstrong took over Apollo 11's controls during the landing to avoid dangerous boulders on the Sea of Tranquility.
The Group of Seven industrialized nations, Britain, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan and the United States, agreed to support Russia in joining GATT during their summit in Naples, Italy two weeks ago.
Riina has been serving a life term since January 1993 after being convicted of a series of murders during a trial en masse of Mafia leaders in 1987.
From next year, flights during peak hours will have to use aircraft with a seating capacity of over 200 seats, British Airways said.
Chalker said Britain made its offer during June "but the French government said they did not need it because they were organised."
Israel, PLO move slowly on extending autonomy  CAIRO, July 19 (AFP)  PLO and Israeli negotiators advanced cautiously during their second round of talks here Tuesday on extending Palestinian self-rule on the West Bank.
"It is something that has to be developed slowly and carefully during negotiations."
The radio said the incident took place during midday prayers.
Riina has been serving a life term since January 1993 after being convicted of a series of murders during a trial en masse of Mafia leaders in 1987.
"My wife arrived on the tour but he got angry -- he does not think I should see her during the race," he said.
The government decree released overnight Wednesday had also hit the lira which fell to a record low point of 1,005.30 to the mark during trading in London on Tuesday.
Scientific instruments trained on Jupiter, the fifth planet from the sun, are attempting to measure the types and amounts of elements released during the blasts.
However, the absence of water in sensor sweeps of Jupiter during this week's bombardment is puzzling experts.
The Italian lira fell to a historic low during the day, reaching 1,007 lira for one mark against a previous record low of 1,005 lira reached in April last year.
Perez, during his two terms in office, had actively sought to promote closer ties between CARICOM and Venezuela.
Human rights group protests death of prisoner  BEIRUT, July 19 (AFP)  The Lebanese Human Rights Association protested Tuesday against the death of a prisoner during interrogation last week, four months after another prisoner was beaten to death.
Joseph Moghayzel, head of the association, said in a statement that he had been informed that there had been arrests following the death of a suspect during interrogation by anti-drugs officers.
The pair discussed matters of common concern during talks which lasted more than an hour, including the sensitive subject of Tibet.
Qian is scheduled to hold talks Wednesday with Nepalese officials on economic cooperation between the two states, and is expected to sign an agreement on economic assistance, following up an agreement reached during King Birendra's state visit to China last year.
World's largest screen planned for film music festival  MALMO, Sweden, July 19 (AFP)  The city of Malmo hopes to show movies on the largest screen in the world during a film music festival to celebrate the 1996 centenary of Swedish cinematography, festival organizers said Tuesday.
Organizers hope to screen movies on a 140-metre (460-foot) high crane during the festival, allowing pictures to be seen from outside the city.
The ceremony will honor Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin, who walked on the moon July 20, 1969, as well as Michael Collins, who circled the moon in the Apollo spacecraft during the mission.
The murder is the first of a westerner in Kashmir since June 1991 when an Israeli tourist was killed during a botched attempt by Moslem guerrillas to abduct five Israelis from a houseboat in Srinagar.
Police, meanwhile, said 17 people including nine Kashmiri insurgents died in separatist-linked violence during the past 24 hours across the strife-torn state bordering Pakistan.
The Islamic Resistance Movement (HAMAS) claimed responsibility for shooting dead an Israeli officer during an ambush near the Rafah border with Egypt on Tuesday.
The 1,300-metre (4,200-foot) wooden bridge with 59 arches, listed in the Guinness Book of Records, was reconstructed in 1947 after its destruction during World War II.
The assassination attempt, made during the height of World War II on July 20, 1944, failed due to a string of unexpected circumstances.
The decree released overnight Wednesday had also hit the lira which fell to a record low point of 1,005.30 to the mark during trading in London on Tuesday.
On Monday about 20 people, according to a human rights organisation, died during a violent demonstration in some parts of Lagos, including Mushin.
Rally speaker names Kim as father's successor  TOKYO, July 20 (AFP)  Kim Jong-Il was named successor to president Kim Il-Sung during the mass memorial rally in Pyongyang on Wednesday.
Although Kim Jong-Il has been identified publicly during the past week as successor there has been no official confirmation of a vote by the ruling party or the national assembly on his being voted into the post of party leader and president, the two key posts held by his father.
Witnesses said Miossec had fired several shots during the siege, one when he entered the offices of liquidator Bernard Corre on the top floor of a building in the centre of this port city on the western tip of France, and more later into the adjoining square, which had been cleared by police.
this would be a very good outcome," US Deputy Secretary of State Winston Lord said during an international satellite news conference.
Official data showed the spot price of ethylene had surged by up to 40 percent during the first half of 1994.
Raw materials exported during the January-May period registered 195 million dollars, enjoying a 32.8 percent surge.
But during the Nekawiar villagers perform the dances of their neighbours in return for gifts.
The most highly-prized gifts were, of course,  pigs,  128 of which were clubbed to death in the dancing arena during this year's proceedings, their blood atoning for the deeds of the previous night's festivities.
Indonesia has previously had observer status for the three-yearly Kangaroo exercises held in the Northern Territory, home to many East Timorese refugees who lost relatives during Indonesia's 18-year occupation of their homeland.
The incident was sparked by what is said to have been an act of sacrilege by Indonesian soldiers during a Catholic mass last month.
Although Kim Jong-Il has been identified publicly during the past week as successor there has been no official confirmation of a vote by the ruling party or the national assembly endorsing him in the post of party leader and president, the two key positions held by his father.
One was of the "Great Leader" in military uniform during the campaign against the Japanese occupation of Korea, another was of him visiting a farm, a third showed him in conversation with North Korean military members, while the fourth showed him with Chinese patriarch Deng Xiaoping at Chengdu, southwest China, in September 1982.
Chinese "volunteers" helped turn the tide of the US-led offensive against the Communist North during the 1950-53 Korean War, at the estimated cost of a million lives.
(picture) Scientist discovers new tree kangaroo species by David Williams  SYDNEY, July 20 (AFP)  An Australian scientist on Wednesday announced the discovery of a new species of tree kangaroo during an expedition to remote mountain ranges in Indonesia's Irian Jaya province.
Its friendliness was a weakness, Flannery said, and its numbers had fallen drastically in Dani territory during living memory.
Flannery said the kangaroo was discovered last month by a joint Australian-Indonesian team during a survey of southern Irian Jaya commissioned by mining company P.T. Freeport Indonesia.
The number two official from the French foreign ministry, Bertrand Dufourcq said during a visit to Ankara at the end of June that Paris would try to help Turkey to improve its relations with the Union.
They also lead the way in terms of permits for investment issued, having obtained authority for investment amounting to 142 million dollars during the five months.
An estimated two million Rwandans, most of them Hutus, have fled to neighbouring countries fearing reprisals by the RPF during the past 14 weeks.
It added that the president had not stopped working during his brief illness which forced him last Friday to miss a cabinet meeting focusing on economic issues.
And although Japan's GDP growth was expected to pick up during the following year to reach 2.2 percent, "the underlying tone of the recovery will be weak," the LTCB Institute of Research and Consulting Inc.
They are now compiling a report on the human rights abuses they witnessed during their detention in Cairo's al-Torah prison for the Egyptian Organization for Human Rights (EOHR), of which they are field workers.
The men said they saw six cases of torture during their imprisonment.
The magistrates, whose popularity had risen as they uncovered rampant corruption among politicians and businessmen during the massive Clean Hands probe, had asked to be reassigned to other duties last week upon learning of the decree.
German soldiers' remains exhumed in Poland  WARSAW, July 20 (AFP)  The remains of 300 German soldiers who died during World War II were exhumed Wednesday in Solec-Zdroj in southern Poland for transfer to a cemetery for German soldiers, reported the Polish news agency PAP.
The soldiers, killed in January 1945 during the Red Army offensive, were buried in a common grave.
Taiwan to ease non-tariff barriers on farm products for US: report  TAIPEI, July 20 (AFP)  Taiwan has agreed to ease 15 non-tariff barriers on imports of agricultural products during its largest-ever bilateral talks with the United States under the framework of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), the local press reported on Wednesday.
Ouellet told Kono during a 90-minute meeting that it was important not to isolate North Korea and that China's role was vital to reduce tension over North Korea's refusal to allow outside inspections of it nuclear facilities.
The Canadian minister, who is touring Japan, South Korea, China and Thailand, said he would urge Chinese leaders to play a constructive role in future discussions with North Korea during his upcoming Chinese visit.
Israel has eased the measures during calm and tightened them during trouble, adding to the hardship in a territory where more than two- thirds of the 800,000 population are refugees.
URGENT  DEAD SEA HOTEL, Jordan, July 20 (AFP)  US Secretary of State Warren Christopher said Wednesday that a series of draft accords had been reached during three-way talks here with Israel and Jordan.
He told journalists during a joint press conference with Jordanian Prime Minister Abdel Salam Majali and Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres that draft projects had been agreed for developing the Jordan Valley, boosting tourism and opening up the road between Eilat in Israel and Aqaba in Jordan to foreign nationals.
An estimated two million Rwandans, mostly Hutus, fled to neighboring countries fearing reprisals by the rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) during the past 14 weeks.
Founder NPFL member and financial backer Tom Woewiyu, Labour Minister in Liberia's transitional government, late Tuesday accused Taylor of numerous "atrocities, (...) probably more than we were aware of during the 10-year regime of dictator Samuel Doe", killed in 1990 by rebels in the early stages of the civil war.
The Kremlin says there are not enough guarantees to prevent political and economic discrimination against the Russian minority, notably retired Russian army officers and their families, in the republic annexed by Moscow during World War II.
Arriving at Bangkok airport, Indonesian Foreign Minister Ali Alatas warned that "the friendship that has been built up during the more than 20 years of ASEAN could be at stake" if the regional seminar were held.
According to the prosecutor, the judge will take into account the Mooneys' "cooperation" during the inquiry.
Christopher was speaking during a joint press conference with Jordanian Prime Minister Abdel Salam Majali and Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres, who also took part in the unprecedented meeting.
Krupp, who is president of the bank covering the regions around Hamburg, told the Hamburger Abendblatt newspaper that the inflation rate should be less than 3.0 percent during much of next year.
(AFP)     DEAD SEA HOTEL, Jordan: US Secretary of State Warren Christopher said that  a series of draft accords had been reached during three-way talks here with  Israel and Jordan.
He told journalists during a joint press conference with  Jordanian Prime Minister Abdel Salam Majali and Israeli Foreign Minister  Shimon Peres that draft projects had been agreed for developing the Jordan  Valley, boosting tourism and opening up the road between Eilat in Israel and  Aqaba in Jordan to foreign nationals.
However, US President Bill Clinton, during a visit to Latvia earlier this month, appealed to the three Baltic states to show "tolerance" to the substantial Russian communities in each country.
As many as 63 units were privatized during the rule of former prime minister Nawaz Sharif, who resigned last year half-way through his term.
Wijetunga falls off stage during rally  COLOMBO, July 20 (AFP)  President Dingiri Banda Wijetunga escaped unhurt Wednesday after falling off a stage that collapsed during a political rally in southeast Sri Lanka, a top presidential aide said.
Christopher looked to a "a new era of peace and hope, a peace that is enduring because it is comprehensive."
                    Korea-Kim,roundup                     700 words moved     DEAD SEA HOTEL,     Jordan:         Israel and Jordan agree on concrete                     measures to build peace during an                     historic meeting on the Jordanian                     side of the Dead Sea attended by US                     Secretary of State Warren Christopher.
His country had left the Commonwealth in 1961, he said, and squandered its wealth during years of apartheid oppression before coming "back to her senses."
The IMB reported that piracy attacks dropped by 44 percent to 42 cases between January and June compared to 75 cases during the same period last year.
Another 20 people were injured when the mosque collapsed during midday prayers Tuesday after columns supporting a cement roof gave way, the reports said.
In Sheikh Osman and Mansura, which were badly hit during a month-long siege of the city by northern troops, "we have put up taps on the pipeline" to allow residents to help themselves.
UN agencies coordinator Awni al-Ani told AFP a first batch of 150 tonnes of food would shortly be handed out in the southern Yemeni provinces which were the worst hit during the fighting.
Amnesty International had demanded the immediate and unconditional release of people detained Saturday and Sunday during a seminar organised by the English-language Yemen Times on "future political perspectives for Yemen."
The delegations will resume their third round of talks Monday for three days during which unresolved security problems will be discussed for the first time, according to Shaath.
(picture) Nepalese army put on alert as 292 people arrested in strike  KATHMANDU, July 20 (AFP)  The Nepalese government put the army on alert Wednesday after police arrested 292 people as troubles erupted during a one day strike called by communists, a Home Ministry source said.
Army patrols combed the capital after caretaker Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala's administration called the alert as unrest during the dawn to dusk protest intensified.
Eight people suffered head injuries during clashes after police baton- charged protesters, while about 25 government vehicles were destroyed, sources said.
"No firing has taken place anywhere during the day," he said.
Dollar, gold down  NEW YORK, July 20 (AFP)  The dollar slipped against other major currencies Wednesday but was boosted from its morning lows by cover-buying during Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's testimony before a congressional panel.
Border violations and controls are also expected to be discussed during Mandela's visit.
His country had left the Commonwealth in 1961, he said, and squandered its wealth during years of apartheid oppression before coming "back to her senses."
Sales of gasoline and gas sank to 25 million dollars in the second quarter, from 130 million during the same period of 1993, because of lower wholesale prices and increased exploration costs.
Operating income rose to 65 million dollars from 60 million dollars during the same period last year.
Murtaza, who faces charges of sabotage and sedition in cases registered against him during previous governments, was arrested on return home in November after 16 years of self-exile, but was released on bail last month.
The Abu Sayyaf, some of whose members were trained in the Middle East and reportedly saw action during the Afghan war against the Russians, has been blamed for a series of kidnappings and bloody bomb attacks on Christian targets in the country's south.
Ousterly was the first Westerner killed in Kashmir since an Israeli tourist was shot dead during a kidnapping attempt in June 1991.
The US State Department regularly warns Americans of the risks of travelling to Kashmir, where nearly 10,000 people have died in violence linked to the Moslem separatist conflict during the past five years.
"The huge exodus towards Zaire is adding to the drama of the violence and death in Rwanda," he said in remarks to pilgrims during his weekly audience.
Belle was suspended for 10 days on Monday after umpires confiscated his bat during Friday night's game in Chicago.
                    Korea-Kim,roundup                     700 words moved     DEAD SEA HOTEL,     Jordan:         Israel and Jordan agree on concrete                     measures to build peace during an                     historic meeting on the Jordanian                     side of the Dead Sea attended by US                     Secretary of State Warren Christopher.
Four Greek Cypriots arrested during demonstration outside Turkish embassy  LONDON, July 20  Police arrested four men Wednesday during a protest against the Turkish invasion of Cyprus 20 years ago, held outside the Turkish embassy in London by Greek Cypriots living in Britain, police said.
Analysts here said the offensive was engineered by the umbrella National Guerrilla Coordinator (CNG) in an effort to spread panic during the national holiday ahead of the inauguration of a new president, with the goal of pressuring his government to agreeing to early peace talks.
ICRC teams have still not repaired the pumping station at Bir Nasser which was badly damaged by the northern forces loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh during the war.
"This is shown in the arrest of scores of them inside the UAE during routine check-ups at companies and other places.
It said the conflict caused 6,000 deaths and 225,000 refugees during 1993.
"We are interested in becoming a full member of ASEAN in the future," he said during the interview, held in Rangoon.
Flanker Pienaar wore head gear for the first time during Tuesday's 47-21 win over Manawatu in Palmerston North.
Ghani said that during the meeting with the Mocatta delegation at the end of 1991 he was shown a sample gold coin which was to be used to ascertain whether it was "legal tender or gold bullion."
Ghani said that during the meeting with the Mocatta delegation at the end of 1991 he was shown a sample gold coin which was to be used to ascertain whether it was "legal tender or gold bullion."
Japan should remember war: Murayama  TOKYO, July 21 (AFP)  Japan's Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama told parliament Thursday that Japan should not forget its aggression in attacking other Asian nations during World War II.
Asked about his stance to the war-time record of Japan, Murayama told parliament: "Our act of aggression during the war brought unbearable suffering to our neighbours."
"No sign in the official press confirms this rumour, although the speeches made Wednesday during Kim Il-Sung's second funeral ceremony let it be clearly known that he was recognised as the new supreme leader of the country," the diplomat added.
The rules -- issued Wednesday by the State Bureau of Technical Supervision, the Ministry of Construction and four other government departments -- set safety standards for design and production of amusement park rides and demand strict checks before and during operation, the report said.
Spanish-born Ocana, who won 110 races during his professional career, was found with a gunshot wound to the head at his home near here on May 19, dying later in hospital.
He held that a rally of the dollar during the last week had been merely a temporary correction.
Echoing themes developed by Delors during his 10-year presidency, Santer said: "a Union which does not respond to people's expectations is doomed to unsurmountable hurdles."
He said that he would try to reconquer public opinion, lost during the bruising debate on the Maastricht Treaty on European integration last year, and work for "new growth" which would help fight unemployment.
Nabil Shaath, the PLO chief's senior aide, said the Palestinians would appeal to Christopher for help during the Gaza City showdown.
The "special partnership" agreement on enhancing political and trade relations was signed during South Korean President Kim Young-Sam's visit to Canada.
The Club of Paris said in a statement that payment of the rescheduled amounts would occur during a period of 20 years in respect of public development aid and 15 years in respect of other loans.
We have to make sure that conditions for convergence are there," he said during the leadership campaign.
Blair began his legal apprenticeship with a London law firm in 1975, the year he joined the Labour Party, and met his future wife during their bar exam.
Earlier, US Defense Secretary William Perry, speaking in Tirana during a Balkans tour, expressed "disappointment" at the Serbs' response to the western contact group's partition plan for Bosnia-Hercegovina.
Federation Vice President Ejup Ganic, speaking during a visit to Vienna, said: "The international community must respond to this (the Serb apparent rejection) and keep its promises" of tougher action against the Serbs, and again called for the arms embargo's lifting.
One, Maria, said she was not afraid because she had been well-trained and the work was important so that her brothers and sisters who had fled the country during the war could return.
Echoing themes developed by Delors during his 10-year presidency, Santer said before the vote: "a Union which does not respond to people's expectations is doomed to unsurmountable hurdles."
He said that he would try to reconquer public opinion, lost during the bruising debate on the Maastricht Treaty on European integration last year, and work for "new growth" which would help fight unemployment.
reopens (FRANKFURT) The Bundesbank said it expected the rate of growth of M3 to fall during the next few months.
France is also to reschedule another 1.28 billion francs (238 million dollars) in debt over a period of 23 to 30 years, Alphandery announced during a visit to Hanoi.
His visit coincided with a regional tour by US Secretary of State Warren Christopher, who was holding talks Thursday with PLO chairman Yasser Arafat during his first visit to the newly-autonomous area of Gaza.
Echoing themes developed by Delors during his 10-year presidency, Santer pledged to draw Brussels closer to voters' concerns and said: "A Union which does not respond to people's expectations is doomed to unsurmountable hurdles."
He said that he would try to reconquer public opinion, lost during the bruising debate on the Maastricht Treaty on European integration last year, and work for "new growth" which would help fight unemployment.
US Defense Secretary William Perry, speaking in Tirana during a Balkans tour, expressed "disappointment" at the Serbs' response.
It expected the rate of growth to fall during the next few months.
A decision to ignore the indicator could put the credibility of the bank in danger, he said, echoing remarks made during the meeting by Economy Minister Guenter Rexrodt who had urged the council to retain its use of the M3 measure and the M3 target for this year.
The decision to announce that repurchase arrangements would be held at fixed rates, instead of at variable rates, was intended to dampen speculation that rates might be reduced during the holiday, he said.
Simpson sets up murder hot-line  WASHINGTON, July 21 (AFP)  Double murder suspect O.J. Simpson has set up a toll-free number to take in possible leads in the case which uses the numbers he wore on his uniform during his football career.
Simpson wore the numbers 36 and 32 on his uniforms during his career as one of the greatest ever football running backs.
Security agents and military police have been taking charge of law and order in the city during the northern army's withdrawal.
Santer, speaking during a press conference following the vote by the European Parliament, said he hopes to bring a more "human dimension" into the commission's work and vowed not to be manipulated by lobby groups.
He estimated that South African gold mines, as a whole, had lost 15 tons of gold production during the June quarter due to the elections and labour disruptions.
Nelson Mandela meets the people in Maputo  MAPUTO, July 21 (AFP)  South African President Nelson Mandela got down to serious sightseeing here Thursday and met local people who had seen little of him during his two-day state visit to Mozambique.
Christopher met with Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin in Tel Aviv Thursday before holding talks with PLO chairman Yasser Arafat during his first visit to the newly-autonomous Gaza Strip.
Deputies of two of the three parties in the government coalition, the federalist Northern League and Forza Italia of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi exchanged insults during the session, which almost culminated in a scuffle between the two sides.
"The most urgent need is to manage, as quickly as possible, to reestablish the town's water and electricity needs," Koschnick told reporters during a press conference.
France is to reschedule another 1.28 billion francs (238 million dollars) in debt over a period of 23 to 30 years, he announced during a visit to Hanoi.
Levy said viewers on the West Coast of the United States, Hawaii, Australia and New Zealand may be able to see flashes during the last impact.
Amateur astronomers have been able to make out the "black eyes" stacking up in a line on Jupiter's southern hemisphere during this week's collisions.
The lack of detectable water during the impacts has ranked chief among them, and astronomers are culling through reams of data to see what they can make of it.
"For people on the West Coast, Jupiter will be just dandy," said David Levy, amateur astronomer and co-discoverer of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 (S-L 9), during a press conference at the Goddard Space Flight Center..
Levy said viewers on the West Coast of the United States, Hawaii, Australia, and New Zealand may be able to see flashes during the last impact.
Amateur astronomers have been able to make out the "black eyes" from fragment hits stacking up in a line on Jupiter's southern hemisphere during this week's collisions.
"We might call this show 'watch this comet die,'" said astronomer Harold Weaver, of the Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore, during the press conference.
The lack of detectable water during the impacts has ranked chief among the puzzles and astronomers are culling through reams of data to see what they can make of it.
Gooch's intervention gave Darren Gough an unlikely wicket after Hudson had slightly top-edged a hook during the 10th over.
Ciller arrives to push EU membership  PARIS, July 21 (AFP)  Turkish Prime Minister Tansu Ciller arrived here on Thursday for a three-day official visit to France during which she was expected to press the case for Turkey to be admitted to the European Union.
Rocketi, who belongs to the Ittihad-i-Islami faction headed by Rasul Sayyaf, an ally of Afghan President Burhanuddin Rabbani, has demanded millions of rupees (dollars) in compensation for alleged damage to his property on the Pakistani side of the border during a raid by soldiers to capture the missiles.
The wife of Oskar Schindler, who saved about 1,000 Jews during World War II and inspired the Academy Award-winning movie "Schindler's List," condemned the attack.
Ataman's statement came after US Assistant Secretary of State for Human Rights, John Shattuck, warned Turkey on the issue during a visit here last week.
The fight was scheduled to take place at the Mirage hotel in Las Vegas, but was called of after Chavez suffered a cut during training eight days before the fight.
That meant they did not pay duties on products purchased during the month they were in the United States.
After surviving the collapse of the exchange rate system set in 1971, the IMF will celebrate its half century Friday as a major player on the world stage, enjoying the prominence it knew during the 1982-1985 debt crisis.
He said he would relay demands from people he met during his journey to Russian leaders.
A "masterplan" to develop the Jordan Valley agreed in principle on Wednesday by the trilateral economic committee during talks on the Dead Sea in Jordan could also be signed on Monday, a western diplomat said.
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher said in Amman during his current whirlwind Middle East tour that Washington was determined to work to cancel Jordan's debt and provide military supplies.
Deputy US Trade Representative Charlene Barshefsky warned in Beijing Thursday during two days of talks with Chinese Foreign Trade Minister Wu Yi and other officials, that China must show greater flexibilty in its bid to rejoin GATT.
The Israeli foreign minister said he had held "informal and friendly" talks with Mubarak during which he briefed him on progress in peace talks with Jordan and Syria as well as what was happening on the ground since the launch of Palestinian self-rule with the May 4 autonomy accord.
Kim Il-Sung had promised during the visit of former US president Jimmy Carter to Pyongyang to freeze his country's nuclear program in an effort to expedite the resumption of talks with Washington that had been suspended for one year.
Shortly after Kim's death, North Korean officials requested that talks with the United States be adjourned temporarily during the official mourning period.
He also stressed Syria's commitment to continuing cooperation between the two countries, which began during the Soviet era.
"He said, 'When I get to be like this, I can't play the game of golf.'" Daly underwent rehabilitation for alcoholism during his ban, which was imposed when he quit a tournament in the middle of a round.
Haddadin said the projects would form the "basis of a work programme" to be discussed Monday at the White House during a historic summit between Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and Jordan's King Hussein.
Kim Il-Sung had promised during the visit of former US president Jimmy Carter to Pyongyang to freeze his country's nuclear program in an effort to expedite the resumption of talks with Washington that had been suspended for one year.
Shortly after Kim's death, North Korean officials requested that talks with the United States be adjourned temporarily during the official mourning period.
Originating in Asia, where it is endemic, notably in Burma, Cambodia, India and Pakistan, cholera spread during the 19th century to Africa, America and Europe.
She said the language of the resolution was "similar to what was used during the Gulf War."
Several MPs bitterly criticised the programme, which began in late 1992 with a first "popular" phase, during which Russian citizens were encouraged to acquire free shares in the form of government- distributed privatisation bonds.
And he looked to a "new era of peace and hope, a peace that is enduring because it is comprehensive."
Okamoto carded her 65 on the same course during the 1989 Open.
Both leaders were talking during a joint press conference on the shores of the Dead Sea along with US Secretary of State Warren Christopher after landmark trilateral talks.
"Apparently, it was not an accident, but a planted bomb inside the plane," Perez said during a television interview Wednesday in Washington.
Singaporean Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong has openly voiced doubts about Vietnam's readiness, saying during a visit here in March he did "not have the impression Vietnam was ready to join ASEAN now."
A diplomatic offensive by Hanoi's top leaders has overcome years of suspicion that prompted ASEAN's formation during the Vietnam War as a bulwark against the expansion of communism in Asia.
Heavy fighting was also reported in the north of the country, to the east of Zavidovici, where Moslem-led forces have been on the offensive against the Serbs during the past month.
Fighting between government and Serb forces subsided however during the night.
A Thai official told AFP Friday that Ohn Gyaw had accepted the UN request for a dialogue during a working lunch with Thai Foreign Minister Prasong Soonsiri.
The incident on Wednesday was the second time the vessel tried to block whalers in three weeks, during which Greenpeace has been actively campaigning against whaling in the North Sea.
Kim Il-Sung had promised during the visit to Pyongyang last month of former US president Jimmy Carter to freeze his country's nuclear program in an effort to speed the resumption of talks with Washington that had been suspended for one year.
Singh said he fell in love with Devi during a visit to the Gwalior jail, where she was incarcerated after giving herself up to the authorities in 1983.
The fundamentalist Jihad movement issued a communique saying its guerrillas "attacked an Israeli patrol" to avenge the shooting dead last Sunday of two Palestinians by Israeli troops during riots at the main Gaza Strip checkpoint.
Two pairs of Japanese Medaka fish mated during the 63rd shuttle mission and produced dozens of eggs, one of which was believed to have hatched -- the first reproduction of a vertebrate in space.
(MELBOURNE) The Kooyong event organisers said that at Wimbledon top players had told Stubs they would like a warm-up event in Melbourne during the week prior to the Australian Open, the year's first grand slam tournsament.
This might take the dollar to more than 1.60 marks during the day and next week to more than 100 yen, but it might pass these points just as quickly again on the way down.
This might take the dollar to more than 1.60 marks during the day and next week to more than 100 yen, but it might pass these points just as quickly again on the way down.
A ministry statement said no untoward activity by the North's armed forces had been detected by Seoul during the period, and as a result the alert, which was eased July 14, would be totally lifted at 10 a.m. (0100 GMT) Saturday.
The meeting was secured last week during a visit to Beijing by Foreign Office Minister Alistair Goodlad, who otherwise failed to make any real progress with Chinese officials on pressing Hong Kong issues.
They are also due to discuss joint projects to develop the Jordan Valley which were drawn up on Thursday during a meeting of the US- Jordan-Israel trilateral economic committeee in a hotel on the Dead Sea in Jordan.
Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama adopted a cautious stance towards the proposed EAEC during talks Tuesday in Tokyo with visiting Malaysian International Trade and Industry Minister Rafidah Aziz.
Callers dialing 1-800-322-3632 -- the numbers of Simpson's uniform during his football career -- are answered by a recorded female voice giving instructions for people with possible leads on the murder case, who want to write a letter of support or wish to provide particular services.
Television stations also reported that attorney Johnnie Cochran, who represented singer Michael Jackson during the child molestation investigation, had joined the Simpson's defense team.
Dealers in London were encouraged by the release of figures for growth of British gross domestic product showing that output in the second quarter had been 3.3 percent higher than during the same period of last year.
A suspended death sentence means the execution is postponed for a specified period during which the convict is kept in prison.
If he behaves well during that period, the sentence is commuted to life, but if he misbehaves, the death penalty is carried out.
Another 40,000 liters would arrive during the week, she added.
The soldiers had confiscated "a large number of weapons and firearms on the border from Rwandans trying to bring them into Zaire during their flight" from Rwanda, the agency said.
Israelis shoot 10 Palestinians after bomb blasts shake Hebron  HEBRON, West Bank, July 22 (AFP)  Israeli troops shot and wounded 10 Palestinians during clashes in Hebron on Friday after three explosions rocked the Jewish quarter of the occupied city, witnesses and army officials said.
After the Murayama visit Han is scheduled to fly on to Bangkok for meetings with the foreign ministers of Russia and China during the Association of South East Asian Nations security forum talks there next week.
Christopher also looked to a "a new era of peace and hope, a peace that is enduring because it is comprehensive."
They are also expected to discuss joint projects to develop the Jordan Valley which were drawn up on Thursday during a meeting of the US- Jordan-Israel trilateral economic committee in a hotel on the Dead Sea in Jordan -- the first to be held outside Washington.
"Consumer members of INRO should study the reasons behind the surge and give in to the producer members' demand during the negotiations of the new International Natural Rubber Agreement in Geneva in October," Lim said.
Soldiers kill one, wound 15 West Bankers  HEBRON, West Bank, July 22 (AFP)  Israel troops shot dead a Palestinian and wounded 15 more during clashes in the West Bank towns of Nablus and Hebron after Friday prayers, witnesses said.
In Hebron, 10 Palestinians were wounded during post-prayer violence which came after three explosions rocked the Jewish quarter of the occupied city, witnesses and army officials said.
Two pairs of Japanese Medaka fish mated during the 63rd shuttle mission and produced dozens of eggs, one of which was believed to have hatched -- the first reproduction of a vertebrate in space.
Nasreen has denied the allegations, saying she was misquoted by an Indian daily which interviewed her during a visit to Calcutta two months ago.
"On holiday I forget everything except a condom" is the theme of television spots and a poster campaign aimed at holidaymakers tempted by casual sex during the long hot vacation.
The government, which agreed to give UNITA three out of the country's 18 provinces during talks here over the past eight months, has refused to give the rebel movement Huambo.
Japan calls on Iraq to fully comply with UN resolutions  TOKYO, July 22 (AFP)  Japan urged Iraq on Friday to comply with all resolutions adopted by the United Nations during the 1991 Gulf War, foreign ministry officials said.
French car manufacturers, which had benefited during the last few months by a payment of 5,000 francs for the owners of 10-year-old cars exchanged for new models, are now exporting to a recovering European market.
The programme of Russian state-sector sell-offs got underway at the end of 1992 with a first "popular" phase during which Russians could acquire shares through bonds given out by the government.
Imran, the former Pakistan captain, admitted in his autobiography earlier this year that he used a bottle top to gouge the ball during his county championship career in England, and also accused England bowlers of doctoring the ball.
"Germany can now share with its friends and partners, in the framework of the United Nations, the task of ensuring peace and protecting human rights thanks to missions by armed soldiers," German Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel said during the debate.
On Wednesday, Christopher said he looked forward to a "new era of peace and hope" during an historic meeting in Jordan between Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres and Jordanian Prime Minister Abdel Salam Majali.
"To prevent the dollar from falling further, international policy coordination led by the G7 nations is necessary," he said during a television program videotaped Friday for broadcast Saturday morning, Kyodo said.
On Friday morning, three others without legal documents were arrested during a routine identity check.
Imran admitted in his autobiography earlier this year that he used a bottle top to gouge the ball during his county championship career in England and also accused England bowlers of doctoring the ball.
Two NPFL fighters produced by the AFL said they surrendered during the incident "because we are tired with war."
Security and regional stability, economic development and international economic and political questions will be discussed during the conference, which precedes one between European Union (EU) and Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) ministers in Karlsruhe, Germany in September.
"The well-publicised problems of Lord Blandford during 1993 convinced the trustees that it was necessary to take steps to protect the Palace by removing from Lord Blandford the powers of management on his succession to the Dukedom.
The decision was taken during a cabinet meeting.
Pierce, 19, and playing for the first time since her tearful last- minute withdrawal from Wimbledon, looked exhausted after the match, during which she had received treatment after feeling ill in the fifth game of the second set.
Aden's port installations were hit during an intense month-long bombardment by northern forces loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh before they captured the city on July 7.
The United States reportedly agreed during Barshefsky's last visit to Tokyo in June to drop its demand that Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corp.
The United States reportedly agreed during Barshefsky's last visit to Tokyo in June to drop its demand that Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corp.
Cochran joined Shapiro at Simpson's side during the brief hearing.
Callers dialing 1-800-322-3632 -- the numbers of Simpson's uniform during his football career -- are answered by a recorded female voice giving instructions for people with possible leads on the murder case, who want to write a letter of support or wish to provide particular services.
The militias were allied with the defeated forces of Rwanda's Hutu- dominated interim government in power during the three-month civil war which claimed up to one million lives.
Aden's port installations were hit during an intense month-long bombardment by northern forces loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh before they captured the city on July 7.
It was preceded by a huge rally at Gaza's al-Yarmuk stadium, during which Israeli and US flags were set ablaze and demonstrators chanted "Gaza-Jericho: shame."
Deputies agreed 58 to 21 to modify an article which would have seen 500,000 "non-citizens" -- mostly Russian-speakers -- who arrived in the republic during the Soviet era, only being afforded citizenship under a strict quota system starting in 2002.
Gross Domestic Product (GDP) has fallen nearly 100 percent to around 250,000 US dollars during the war, compared to 1.1 billion US in 1989.
A police source who asked to remain anonymous said "armed fundamentalists" attacked the church at al-Tawahi, central Aden, during the afternoon, destroying the interior and windows.
The Fishery and Harbour laws would also be reviewed to allow mainland fishermen to seek shelter in Taiwan during emergencies out of humanitarian concern.
Deputy US Trade Negotiator Charlene Barshefsky told a news conference here Saturday she was meeting Sadayuki Hayashi, Japan's deputy foreign minister for economic affairs, during the afternoon and possibly Sunday.
"We will spend some time, but it will be limited time" on discussing the issue, citing other commitments during her stop in Hong Kong.
She said that during the meeting the two sides would be "further discussing positions ...
Greenpeace protesters fail to block Australian uranium shipment  SYDNEY, July 23 (AFP)  Four Greenpeace activists who had chained themselves to containers of uranium during an attempt to block a shipment to the United States were cut free and led away by police here early Saturday, police said.
The militias were allied with the defeated forces of Rwanda's Hutu- dominated interim government in power during the three-month civil war which claimed up to one million lives.
Pak, who was granted a rare, private audience with Kim in Pyongyang on Wednesday, said the son of the late North Korean president, Kim Il- Sung, had also made it clear that pledges made by his father during meetings with former US president Jimmy Carter remained in effect.
Hans Koschnick, one-time mayor of the German city of Bremen, was due to fly into the city during the morning by helicopter from the south Croatian resort of Split.
According to Pak, Kim also made it clear during their 45-minute meeting that a first-ever North-South summit, originally scheduled for July 25-27, would go ahead and "follow already agreed upon arrangements," although he did not specify the new date.
Kim had appeared extremely confident during their meeting, Pak said, adding that all indications from other North Korean officials he spoke to were that he was firmly in control.
And two pairs of Japanese Medaka fish who mated during the 63rd shuttle mission were able to produce dozens of eggs, one of which was believed to have hatched -- the first reproduction of a vertebrate in space.
Syrian presidential spokesman Jibran Kuriyeh said Friday that Christopher and Assad discussed "questions concerning the Syrian and Lebanese tracks (of the peace process)" during their final round of talks on Friday.
Two prisoners who came across prison drugs during the riot were hospitalized with overdoses.
But his apology was taken as empty words by war victims here, who, along with several "comfort women," who were forced to serve as sex slaves for Japanese troops during World War II, protested outside the hotel where Murayama stayed, demanding compensation.
DeFreitas thumped Craig Matthews for three boundaries during the second over of the morning.
According to Pak, Kim also made it clear during their 45-minute meeting that a first-ever North-South summit, originally scheduled for July 25-27, would go ahead and "follow already agreed upon arrangements," although he did not specify the new date.
Kim had appeared extremely confident during their meeting, Pak said, adding that all indications from other North Korean officials he spoke to were that he was firmly in control.
(AFP)     SEOUL: Japan and South Korea teamed up to urge North Korea to reveal how  far it has proceeded in developing nuclear weapons, making disclosure a  condition for aid in converting the North's nuclear power plants, during a  visit to Seoul by Japanese Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama.
The situation in London was also calmer than forecast with flights being delayed by between 30 minutes to an hour on the busiest holiday weekend of the year during which around 300,000 Britons plan to fly out and 500 chartered flights were scheduled, many destined for Spain or southern France.
Police kill two Islamic militants in Asyut area  ASYUT, Egypt, July 23 (AFP)  Egyptian security forces shot dead two Islamic militants during a clash in the troubled southern province of Asyut on Saturday, security officials said.
President blames international community over Rwanda genocide  KIGALI, July 23 (AFP)  Rwanda's new president Saturday blamed the international community for the scale of the ethnic massacres which turned Rwanda into a bloodbath during its 14-week civil war.
Last winter he enlivened several drinks breaks during the series with Australia by sending onto the field a remote controlled electric toy car which he buzzed around to the amusement of crowd and players alike.
But, during Hick's next over, the opener was stumped for 44 by Steve Rhodes after moving down the pitch and being beaten by a little turn.
Conflict between the two groups in May led to more than 100 deaths, dividing northern Iraq into two zones and paralysing the Kurdish "government" declared during a Kurdish uprising against Iraqi President Saddam Hussein after the 1991 Gulf War.
Mandela hits out at violence during labour strikes  PRETORIA, July 23 (AFP)  President Nelson Mandela on Saturday criticised violence by striking workers, warning that it would scare off foreign investors and make the task of implementing social upliftment programmes more difficult.
The defendants, mostly Pakistanis and Britons, had pleaded not guilty during the previous trial, which lasted around eight months.
The new government has appealed to the millions of Rwandans who fled during the war to return home, saying there will be no reprisals against members of the Hutu community blamed for massacring Tutsis after Habyarimana's death.
Slovo, who spent years in exile during the years the communist party was banned by the former government, described the banquet as "one of the greatest days in the history of our movement."
Whispering among themselves gave away the five armed guerrillas who had taken shelter inside the specially-built hideout during an anti- rebel crackdown in Srinagar's Sonurkul residential district, the official said.
Jamal-ul-Rahman, supreme commander of the militant Jehad Force guerrilla group, was arrested from Srinagar's government Bone and Joint Hospital during a search of the complex for injured Moslem separatists, officials said.
Nearly 10,000 people have died in separatist-related violence in Kashmir, India's only Moslem-majority state, during the last five years.
The Whitewater scandal and a civil lawsuit against Clinton alleging sexual impropriety during his governorship of Arkansas became the focus of public questioning of Clinton's integrity.
England skipper may face ball-tampering probe  LONDON, July 23 (AFP)  Mike Atherton may face an investigation into a possible ball-tampering incident after television viewers saw England's captain polishing the ball vigorously during the first Test against South Africa at Lord's on Saturday.
That exile ended in 1991, and D'Oliveira has been the focus of attention during the past week as South Africa played their first Test in England since 1965.
D'Oliveira said that one of the things that helped him during those dark days -- and afterwards -- was that leading South African cricketers like Graeme Pollock, Barry Richards and Mike Procter were supportive of him.
The bridge, made of little more than metal plating and rope, replaces the "Stari Most" or old bridge from which the city gets its name, linking the Croat west and Moslem east, which was destroyed by Croats during the fighting.
(picture) (new series) Security forces clash with mourners of six victims in bus attack  KARACHI, July 23 (AFP)  A gun battle erupted Saturday between mourners and security personnel during a funeral procession for six people killed in an attack on a bus earlier in the day, witnesses said.
England skipper cleared after ball-tampering probe  LONDON, July 23 (AFP)  Mike Atherton escaped censure after an investigation by match referee Peter Burge into a suspected ball-tampering incident during the first Test against South Africa at Lord's on Saturday.
July 18, 15th stage - Indurain survives the biggest threat to his fourth victory, when he skids during the descent and is within inches of crashing off the road.
PARIS, July 23 (AFP)  Who said what during the 1994 Tour de France: Chris Boardman (after winning the opening prologue): "I decided I wouldn't be using the brakes today -- if I crashed, I crashed."
Jorg Muller (after finishing a fine sixth on the 16th stage): "My wife arrived on the tour but my team manager got angry -- he does not think I should see her during the race.
It said US forces and weaponry were adequate in number during the 1970's but that military staff preparedness needed to be greater.
Bizimungu complained Saturday that the international community had encouraged the RPF to stop fighting and open talks, but had failed to prevent the old government rearming during the truce.
The United Nations Assistance Mission in Rwanda (UNAMIR) pulled out most of its 2,500-strong forces from Rwanda after the death of Habyarimana, leaving only 250 in place during the mass killings.
Saleh Mohammed also called for the "liberation of all southerners arrested during and after the war."
Saleh Mohammed also called for the "liberation of all southerners arrested during and after the war."
That would come as good news to Christopher, who had hoped to end a deadlock between Israel and Syria during the five-day shuttle mission in the Middle East he wrapped up on Friday.
They are also expected to discuss joint projects to develop the Jordan Valley which were drawn up on Thursday during a meeting of the US- Jordan-Israel trilateral economic committee in a hotel on the Dead Sea in Jordan -- the first to be held outside Washington.
(new series) Biting "beast" Le Roux wounds South African rugby reputation  WELLINGTON, July 24 (AFP)  Disgraced South Africa prop Johan le Roux is to be sent home Monday for biting New Zealand captain Sean Fitzpatrick on the ear during the weekend Test defeat to the All Blacks.
Le Roux, nicknamed "le beast" in New Zealand, was seen on television to bite Fitzpatrick during an off-the-ball incident in the second half.
Fitzpatrick complained to Northern Ireland referee Brian Stirling who was unsighted and took no action during play.
South African lock Adri Geldenhuys was sent off in midweek for throwing a punch at Gary Nesdale during the 47-21 defeat of Manawatu.
Geldenhuys dismissal, the first of a South African during the tour, came only a day after Jamie Small was "severely censured" for dangerous play in the win over Waikato last Saturday.
Former All Black Steve Gordon was flattened and concussed during the game.
Team players insist though that they have not caught up with changes in rugby during their isolation.
But during the past decade of economic reforms owning a pedigree dog has become an important status symbol for wealthy couples in Chinese cities.
The Khmer Rouge, who were blamed for the deaths of hundreds of thousands of Cambodians during their four-year rule from 1975, refused to take part in UN-sponsored elections last year.
The Yemeni ambassador said that the kidnappers moved the group to 20 different sites during their week of detention, "across forests and mountains" and that they were driven by day and night in vans without windows.
Heavy fighting between Moslem-led and Serb forces continued along the Ozren mountain front with 138 heavy weapon detonations east of Zavidovici during the day, followed by extensive firefights overnight.
Rabin and King Hussein are expected to discuss joint projects to develop the Jordan Valley, which were drawn up Thursday during a meeting of the US-Jordan-Israel trilateral economic committee in a hotel on the Dead Sea in Jordan.
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher failed to secure a breakthrough during his five-day shuttle mission in the Middle East which ended Friday.
The city's main pumping station at Bir Nasser, 15 kilometres (nine miles) to the north, was destroyed during the fighting.
Korei said he signed agreements with the World Bank three weeks ago for 54 million dollars to pay police and civil servants during July, August and September, 150 million for emergency reconstruction projects and 18 million dollars for feasibility studies and training.
Saddam, who is also Iraq's prime minister, called on all departments to "make maximum reductions to the costs of their projects," during a government meeting on Saturday.
Taiwan denies inhuman treatment of mainland fishermen  TAIPEI, July 24 (AFP)  A senior Taiwanese official Sunday rejected Chinese charges that 10 mainland fishermen drowned during a recent typhoon after being refused shelter in the island.
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher failed to secure a breakthrough in the Israeli-Syrian track during his five-day shuttle mission in the Middle East which ended Friday.
He survived an RPF raid on the Saint Famille church where hundreds of Rwandans fled to during the peak of the recent fighting.
They were under treatment for injuries sustained during the clashes.
Kinkel leaves for Asian tour  BONN, July 24 (AFP)  German Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel left Sunday for a five-day visit to Asia during which he will attend an ASEAN meeting in Thailand and will then visit India, a ministry spokesman said Sunday.
His parents were officials of the Hagana, a clandestine army during the British mandate in Palestine.
After studying agriculture, he turned to the military and during World War II joined the Palmach, the Hagana's elite unit.
In 1947, he became the unit's deputy commander and during the 1948 war led the battle to open the Jerusalem-Tel Aviv road, prompting an exodus of thousands of Palestinians from the region.
He became a national hero during the 1967 Six Day War, when Israeli forces defeated the armies of Egypt, Syria and Jordan, capturing the Sinai peninsula, Golan Heights, West Bank, Gaza Strip and East Jerusalem.
Jordan has been in the economic doldrums since its support for Iraq during the Gulf crisis, sparked by Baghdad's invasion of Kuwait in August 1990, brought international isolation.
Cambodian Foreign Minister Prince Norodom Sirivudh said Sunday that he had not requested military aid during bilateral talks here with his counterparts from ASEAN, China and Vietnam.
The aircraft landed at the old section of Entebbe airport where in 1973 Israeli military commandos launched their raid to rescue Jews taken hostage by Palestinian militants who hijacked their plane on a flight from Europe and forced it to land in Entebbe during Idi Amin's rein of terror in Uganda.
The International Amateur Athletic Federation (IAAF) president said he was not against cash hand-outs but warned: "We must understand that it not easy to solve the problem of getting money prizes during the world championships.
Jordan has been in the economic doldrums since its support for Iraq during the Gulf crisis, sparked by Baghdad's invasion of Kuwait in August 1990, brought international isolation.
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher failed to secure a breakthrough in the Israeli-Syrian track during his five-day shuttle mission in the Middle East which ended Friday.
Police and demonstrators clash over judicial reform bill  LONDON, July 24 (AFP)  Riot police clashed with protestors Sunday during a rally in which up to 30,000 people denounced a bill criticized as limiting civil liberties, and 10 people were arrested, Scotland Yard said.
Under the bill, when a suspect exercises the right to remain silent during police interrogation, prosecutors can mention this later during trial.
Virenque, who came fifth overall, earned 250,000 French Francs (28,500 pounds) during the three-week race.
Jordan has been in the economic doldrums since its support for Iraq during the Gulf crisis, sparked by Baghdad's invasion of Kuwait in August 1990, brought international isolation.
"It's just like 1964 when we did it the first time," classmate David Leopoulos said during a private party Saturday.
Earlier Sunday, a group of Zaireans set up a barricade of corpses across the road leading to northern Goma to protest at the fact nobody was moving to dispose of them, although elsewhere French troops did bury at least 2,000 bodies during the day.
Several other Starfighter aircraft were due to leave for Entebbe in Uganda during the night, Goma's airstrip being too small to cope with all the planes.
Mexican jockey killed in race  CYPRESS, California, July 24 (AFP)  Juan Limon, a jockey born in Mexico, died of head injuries sustained here when his horse fell atop him during a race, a track spokesman said Sunday.
Pak is now reportedly on his way to the United States after giving a news conference Saturday in Beijing during which he told foreign and South Korean journalists that he had messages from the North for both Seoul and Washington.
Nanagas said that while cholera was endemic to the Philippines, especially during the rainy season, the total number of cases recorded for the first seven months of 1994 is "already higher than the whole of last year."
Israeli policeman dies of gunshot wounds  JERUSALEM, July 25 (AFP)  An Israeli border policeman died overnight of wounds sustained during worker riots a week ago which left two Palestinians dead and dozens wounded, hospital officials announced Monday.
Jack Attias, 25, was shot during an exchange of fire between Israel and Palestinian police as hundreds of labourers tried to force a way through the Erez checkpoint from the Gaza Strip on July 17.
The force set up pickets around the shrine in October during a month- long army siege aimed at flushing out several dozen Kashmiri Moslem separatists who had sought refuge inside the mosque.
Lopez said the open storm drains were so clogged that water could no longer flow through them and, during heavy rains, the department has to use 12 pumping stations to push water through them.
Two Palestinians and an Israeli border policeman died and dozens wre wounded during riots by workers trying to get into Israel on July 17.
Mahathir had also denied another recent Israeli Television report that he secretly met Rabin during his visit to France between July 6 and 9.
Renewed defence cooperation between India and Russia figured prominently during Indian Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao's visit to Moscow in June , his second since he came to power in 1991.
Le Roux was caught on television biting Fitzpatrick during the All Blacks' 13-9 victory over South Africa in the second Test on Saturday.
The blast, probably caused by lightning during a violent storm, shook the Texaco refinery near the Milford Haven industrial port in southwest Wales at 1:00 p.m. (1200 GMT) on Sunday.
The fire was under control Monday and should burn itself out during the day once oil and gas reserves were exhausted, the emergency services said.
Pak is now reportedly on his way to the United States after giving a news conference Saturday in Beijing during which he told foreign and South Korean journalists that he had messages from the North for both Seoul and Washington.
On Sunday US Secretary of State Warren Christopher warned that Serbs must be prepared to face the consequences of a rejection and said he hoped they would change their mind during the week.
CanadianOxy production of Masila crude averaged 148,300 barrels per day during the second quarter, with peak production exceeding 160,000, MEES said.
Salem Saleh Mohamad, a leader of the southern Yemen Socialist Party, on Saturday urged the release of all southerners captured during and after the war.
The New Zealand Rugby Football Union judiciary panel acted after Le Roux was caught by television biting Fitzpatrick during the All Black's 13-9 win over the tourists in the second Test on Saturday.
The government soldier was killed during a five-minute firefight with the guerrillas, the security official said.
The ultra-left Khmer Rouge have been blamed for the death of a million Cambodians from execution, disease or starvation, during a four-year reign of terror in the 1970s.
The New Zealand Rugby Football Union judiciary panel virtually ended Le Roux's international career after he was caught by television biting Fitzpatrick's ear during the All Black's 13-9 win in Saturday's second Test.
The other was Ross Cullen after biting an Oxford University opponent during the Australian tour of Britain in 1966-67.
Dealers were also waiting for the publication on Friday of figures for growth of the US economy during the second quarter.
Sentiment was depressed by a slight increase in long-term interest rates and by a technical correction following several sessions during which prices had risen.
He took a nasal decongestant because he was suffering from a cold during the national championships and advised officials of the medication at the time.
In Germany orders during the last quarter had suggested that the economy was recovering from a long period of weakness.
when we do, we won't take passengers on the flights during the first two days," the UNHCR spokesman said.
He warned that Serbs must be prepared to face the consequences of a rejection and said he hoped they would change their mind during the week.
When he needed to get into higher education during the colonial period, he had no hesitation in converting to Protestantism and changing his name to David.
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher submitted the peace plan during his Middle East tour last week.
A group of 22 skinheads Sunday gave Nazi salutes, threw rocks and caused damage to parts of the site and threatened to burn a member of staff working at the memorial, where some 56,000 prisoners perished during World War II.
The spokesman for the Tajik defence ministry, Commander Vassili Likholet, said Monday that efforts to find the soldiers had been unsuccessful to date and some of them may have died during the kidnapping.
The workers delivered a memorandum to JSE representatives demanding that organised business take steps to resolve a deepening labour crisis in South Africa and to refrain from calling in police during industrial disputes.
The lion's share of non-resident investments in Canada during May, said Statistics Canada, was in money market instruments with foreigners investing a net 1.8 billion dollars (1.3 billion US).
But non-residents cut their holdings of corporate paper by 300 million dollars (216 million US) during May.
Also since Saturday, they seized 60 kilograms (130 pounds) of opium and other drugs during routine checks in the Zahedan and Iranshahr regions of the same province.
Before leaving the Rwandan capital Kigali earlier Monday, Bizimungu said he wanted exiled Rwandan extremist militiamen of the Hutu majority, accused of genocide during a three-month bloodbath, to be arrested by Zairean authorities.
Overburdened aid workers said disease was claiming some 3,000 lives a day among people who fled during the ethnic carnage in Rwanda, where troops and Hutu militias armed by the former Hutu majority government are accused of killing half a million Tutsis and Hutu opponents.
Salvatore Sciascia, who gave himself up to examining magistrates investigating Italy's "Clean Hands" corruption probe, told journalists that he made the admission to judge Antonio Di Pietro during three hours of questioning.
The workers delivered a memorandum to JSE representatives demanding that organised business take steps to resolve South Africa's deepening labour crisis and to refrain from calling in police during industrial disputes.
Salvatore Sciascia, who gave himself up to examining magistrates investigating Italy's "Clean Hands" corruption probe, told journalists that he made the admission to judge Antonio Di Pietro during three hours of questioning.
Dollar is unsteady in somnolent market  LONDON, July 25 (AFP)  The dollar fell during trading in a dull market Monday but rallied later to close at 1.59 marks from 1.5910 at the close Friday.
The market was also depressed by the view expressed by German experts during the weekend that German interest rates were unlikely to fall much further.
Before the publication of quarterly or half-time results during the week, BAT rose by 7.5 pence to 432.5 and ICI by two to 839 while BT fell by 8.5 to 382.5 on going ex-dividend.
In a report to the UN Security Council, Boutros-Ghali said that during the past six months the situation in southern Lebanon "continued to be tense and volatile."
A Cairo weekly reported Monday that Christopher proposed a Syrian- Israeli declaration of principles reconciling the two countries' positions in peace negotiations, during his Middle East shuttle.
The Israelis captured the eastern part of the city during the six-day war in 1967.
King Hussein raised the question during talks with Clinton here in June, and Secretary of State Warren Christopher said Monday that a simple cancellation of the debt was not excluded.
Oil minister Don Etieben, who led the government team, said the unions had undertaken to "take what we agreed on during the discussion" to their National Executive Council meeting Tuesday and review the strike.
US Ambassador Madeleine Albright presented the plan to her counterparts from the "Friends of Haiti" -- Argentina, Canada, France, the United States and Venezuela -- during a closed-door session.
No running water, electricity from the generator during the day, the Bosnian government lines a grenade's throw away, the Serb lines, no more than 50 meters (yards).
Trincomalee, 160 miles (260 kilometers) from the capital Colombo, was better known as a British staging post during World War II and prior to that as a strategic sea port for Dutch and Portuguese colonial rulers.
"Even during the period of worst violence here, I managed to bring priests up to the temple and perform our poojas (rituals)," Sellarajah said.
They were discovered during a routine check.
Many of the older generation hope the ceremony will lift the veil on the events of 50 years ago, swept under the carpet during Josef Stalin's Soviet dicatorship.
The Khmer Rouge, blamed for the deaths of a million Cambodians during their four-year reign in Phnom Penh from 1975, refused to take part in UN-organized elections last year and vowed to continue their guerrilla war.
Protecting the delta was the top priority of a central government task force sent to Guangdong during floods in June that left at least 220 dead and 4,100 injured in the province.
World War II pilots remains removed from Marshalls  MAJURO, July 26 (AFP)  The remains of an American serviceman killed during World War II in the Marshall islands have been exhumed and were Tuesday sent to a Honolulu laboratory for identification.
Earlier, two men thought to be among those missing in the landslide emerged to report that they were not at the accident site during the landslide.
The spokesman said South Korean troops held their fire during the incident at 10.40am when a group of North Korean soldiers approached five comrades who had been walking towards the south side of the zone.
The incident, which occurred during the second Test between New Zealand and South Africa in Wellington on Saturday, left Fitzpatrick with blood pouring down his neck and saw Le Roux being ordered home in disgrace.
Major to meet three Baltic leaders in Lithuania  MOSCOW, July 26 (AFP)  British Prime Minister John Major will meet the three Baltic leaders during an official visit to Lithuania on August 2, the Lithuanian government said Tuesday.
Pudong trade volume surges 153 percent  SHANGHAI, July 26 (AFP)  Shanghai's massive development zone, Pudong, saw its foreign trade volume surge 153 percent to 1.64 billion dollars during the first half of this year, according to a report published Tuesday.
That decision was designed to stabilise the market during the summer break -- the Bundesbank's central council's next meeting is on August 18 -- Bundesbank chairman Hans Tietmeyer said.
The West never recognized the takeover and the Baltic states became a special cause celebre during decades of the Cold War.
At Natwest Capital Markets analyst Paul Rodriguez said that the market was very quiet and that the dollar was likely to be traded in a narrow range of 1.5880-1.5970 marks during the day.
The dollar might rise towards 1.60 marks as the announcement on Friday of figures for growth of the US economy during the second quarter approached.
"We'll cooperate, just as we have with the special counsel," Clinton said during a visit to Arkansas Saturday.
Malaysian authorities arrested Abdul Talib, alias Ahmad Habibullah Alsalafi, and the 10 women and confiscated several pornographic videotapes during a raid in Johor Bahru in April.
(MONROVIA) Most of Monrovia's infrastructure was destroyed during the worst of the civil war, and the water supply in parts of the capital has been provided by MSF-B for nearly two years.
The latest estimate is down from the 12.39 million tons that was predicted in May but still well up on the 9.07 million tons produced during 1993.
Industrial companies were benefiting from export orders which were showing the fastest rate of growth for more than six years and were likely to grow even more during the next few months.
Of 1,151 manufacturing companies questioned by the CBI, 34 percent said that they had increased their production during the last four months but 17 percent said that their output had fallen.
He was also due to appear before a tribunal after being accused of stopping during his victory lap to pick up a Union Jack flag.
Rodriguez was charged with knocking out Pascal Picamelot during a match between US Dax and RC Chalon on September 26.
the truth is that Burma is a country enduring economic difficulties and we just want to look at how to help overcome the critical problems in that country," he said.
Under a 25-year accord signed by Tehran and Ashkhabad in October, the gas pipeline will deliver up to 12 billion cubic meters (420 billion cubic feet) of gas to Europe and Turkey annually during the first phase.
Hill himself avoided a sanction after being accused of stopping during his victory lap to pick up a Union Jack flag.
Former Test players Geoffrey Boycott and Jonathan Agnew, along with leading British newspaper The Times, called upon him to quit after TV pictures clearly showed him rubbing something into the ball during Saturday's play in the first Test match against South Africa.
Agnew added that it was "unforgivable" that Atherton did not admit what he had been doing during the match, which South Africa won by 356 runs.
A foreign ministry spokesman said the International Committee of the Red Cross would confirm that all Iranians captured during the 1980-1988 war had been freed, according to INA monitored in Cyprus.
He said he also met with several government ministers during a first- ever inter-ministerial meeting to review the human rights situation in Cambodia.
His Bangladeshi citizenship, cancelled in 1972 for alleged collaboration with the Pakistani army during the war, was restored earlier this year by the Supreme Court.
"Over the last year or two, HIV-AIDS testing has become much more commonplace for screening purposes and personal reassurance," the BIA said, noting that "during the same period, payouts made by insurance companies for AIDS-related deaths had been considerably lower than first envisaged."
In its role as co-sponsor, with the United States, of peace negotiations, Posuvaliuk said Russia would work for a "global resolution" of the Middle East conflict during his visit to Damascus and Beirut in mid-August.
Some 2,500 Russian troops remain in Estonia and their withdrawal was halted during the weekend after the breakdown of talks in Helsinki last week.
William Hardy, 25, was charged with the manslaughter of Seamus Lavelle as a result of a clash during an amateur match in March last year.
Hardy did not dispute he lashed out at 16-stone forward Lavelle during the ill-tempered encounter between his club Centaurs and Hendon.
There was a brief improvement in 1985 and 1986, during an anti-alcohol campaign by former Soviet president Mikhail Gorbachev, when life expectancy attained 64.9 years for men and 74.3 for women.
Land, air and sea borders have been reopened, Jammeh announced during his first news conference since the military overthrew the long-time leader of the tiny West African nation, Sir Dawda Jawara, in a bloodless military coup last week.
The attack is the second to shake the country during this political season.
Craxi, who is threatened with 11 years in jail over corruption charges, said comments by the Bank of Italy and the Italian stock exchange watchdog body during the time the cash was paid out had suggested the bank was in a solid financial position.
According to the left-wing La Repubblica, Milan investigating magistrate Antonio Di Pietro asked Sciascia during questioning Monday who had furnished him with the money to be handed to the inspectors.
However, former England players Geoffrey Boycott and Jonathan Agnew, along with leading British newspaper The Times, had earlier said Atherton should quit after TV pictures clearly showed him rubbing something into the ball during the first Test match against South Africa.
Agnew added that it was "unforgivable" that Atherton did not admit what he had been doing during the match, which South Africa won by 356 runs.
It fined Benetton US dollars 500,000 for repeatedly not complying with official decisions during the race, and a further US dollars 100,000 for not immediately handing over computer codes for the electronics on its Grand Prix car.
Land, air and sea borders have been reopened, Jammeh announced during his first news conference since the military overthrew the long-time leader of the tiny West African nation, Sir Dawda Jawara, in a bloodless military coup last week.
The incident happened during a Premiership match at White Hart Lane last November and Mabbutt, 32, was unable to play for three months.
In its role as co-sponsor of peace negotiations, Posuvalyuk said Russia would work for a "global resolution" of the Middle East conflict during his visit to Damascus and Beirut in mid-August.
RJR Nabisco's profits were virtually unchanged from the first quarter of 1994 at 241 million dollars (12 cents per share) after an one-time charge of 145 million dollars, against 240 million dollars (19 cents per share) during the same period of 1993.
According to the left-wing La Repubblica, leading Milan investigating magistrate Antonio Di Pietro asked Sciascia during questioning Monday who had furnished him with the money to be handed to the inspectors.
According to a European diplomat, Indonesian Foreign Minister Ali Alatas suggested during talks that the the major powers find a new approach to ending the civil war in Bosnia.
The government wants the aid to be coordinated from the capital so that it can act as a "magnet" to attract Rwandans who fled the country during the fighting between the minority Tutsi-dominated Rwandan Patriotic Front and the former Hutu government.
The first was 1974-1979 during the height of the oil boom.
The Rwandan government wants the aid to be coordinated from the capital so that it can act as a "magnet" to attract Rwandans who fled the country during the fighting between the minority Tutsi-dominated Rwandan Patriotic Front and the former Hutu government.
The press conference wound up a two-day visit to Washington for an unprecedented summit between the Israeli and Jordanian leaders during which they formally put an end Monday to 46 years of hostilities.
Norwegian coastguards arrested two activists and seized two boats July 10 during Greenpeace attempts to hamper Norwegian whalers hunting the minke whale.
Clinton, flanked by Jordan's King Hussein and Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin, spoke during a White House press conference for the Middle East leaders.
The Rwandan government wants the aid to be coordinated from the capital so that it can act as a "magnet" to attract Rwandans who fled the country during the fighting between the minority Tutsi-dominated Rwandan Patriotic Front and the former Hutu government.
Azam's opponent blamed him for deaths during Bangladesh's 1971 independence war against Pakistan.
His Bangladeshi citizenship, cancelled in 1972 for alleged collaboration with the Pakistani army during the war, was restored this year by the supreme court here.
The press conference wound up a two-day visit to Washington for an unprecedented summit between the Israeli and Jordanian leaders during which they formally put an end Monday to 46 years of hostilities.
"It could be a boycott or walkout during the game or not showing up until three innings have been played."
A rise in interest rates on two year Treasury bonds during the monthly Treasury auction also weighed on the bond market and Wall Street.
The National Council of Democratic Movements (KONAKOM) said the mayor of Saut d'Eau, Paul Egnold Maxime, was arrested in the crackdown and injured during his detention.
The defense minister launched his sharp attack on the United States during a speech before several thousand spectators and in the presence of President Castro, who watched on without commenting.
The authors of the reports said they were convinced the principles they set out held good for market operators and users alike, whether or not they were regulated, as soon as there was major dealing in derivatives, especially during negotiations.
They had suffered "superficial" injuries and it was hoped they could be discharged during the course of the morning, he said.
A police spokesman said police had stepped up their patrols of the area during the afternoon, and hourly checks were made at the building by local beat officers in the course of the night.
The Khmer Rouge, blamed for the deaths of one million Cambodians during their four-year role in Phnom Penh from 1975, also signed the Paris accords, but they refused to take part in UN-supervised elections last year and have kept up their guerrilla warfare.
Le Roux was thrown out of the New Zealand tour after biting All Black captain Sean Fitzpatrick's left ear during last Saturday's second test defeat in Wellington.
Lion tamer mauled during circus performance  LIMA, July 27 (AFP)  A lion tamer was seriously mauled by a lioness in heat during a performance here of the American Circus.
The Chilean tamer was attacked without warning during an afternoon performance by what was described as his most docile and obedient lioness.
Circus officials said Flores had had no problems during his 20-year career as a lion tamer, but a friend of his said the lioness that attacked him was in heat and very irritable.
Miao specifically criticised Washington's insistence Beijing not invoke GATT articles that benefit developing nations, and its refusal to grant China a transitionary period on re-entry for eliminating existing trade practices that fail to comply with agreements reached during the GATT Uruguay Round.
Le Roux was thrown out of the New Zealand tour after biting All Black captain Sean Fitzpatrick's left ear during last Saturday's second test defeat in Wellington.
Yeltsin made the remarks a day after he and Estonian President Lennart Meri agreed terms on the pullout of the 2,500 Russian troops remaining in the Baltic state by August 31 during last-ditch marathon talks at the Kremlin.
Paolo Berlusconi was named by Salvatore Sciascia, the manager of Fininvest's taxation department who is currently in detention, as the one who authorized the payment of bribes to finance police during tax audits, according to Sciascia's lawyer Guido Viola on Tuesday.
Guerrillas rain Katyusha rockets in Israeli-held zone  TYRE, Lebanon, July 27 (AFP)  Guerrillas fired 12 Katyusha rockets during the night at Israeli army positions in south Lebanon, security sources said Wednesday.
The names of all other senior party and government officials were read out during the indoor ceremony, Naewoe said.
Janakantha newspaper said that before Tuesday's rally, security officials had discussed whether to ban public gatherings but decided not to, even though six police were injured Monday during clashes with students.
Azam's critics have accused him of being responsible for war crimes committed during Bangladesh's independence struggle against Pakistan in the early 1970s.
His Bangladeshi citizenship, revoked in 1972 for allegedly collaborating with the Pakistani army during the war, was restored this year by the Supreme Court in Dhaka.
The government has mobilised retired security personnel amid fears of violence during and after the polls.
Lightning strikes soccer team: six hurt  BAD SCHUSSENRIED, Germany, July 27 (AFP)  Lightning struck six members of a soccer team during training at a stadium here, critically injuring one, police said Wednesday.
Air France is fighting to survive a series of problems which have brought it to the verge of collapse during the last few years and the French government has warned that the aid would amount to a last rescue package.
Court officials said an arrest warrant was issued for him after Salvatore Sciascia, the Fininvest tax director detained since Monday on bribery charges, told the chief investigating magistrate in Milan, Antonio Di Pietro, that the younger Berlusconi gave him 200 million lire (126,000 dollars) to pay off the finance police during tax audits.
Letta said that during the meeting, "the government majority renewed its solidarity and renewed strong bonds in a friendly atmosphere."
In Paris the CAC-40 index was showing a loss of 0.35 percent to 2,069.52 points in reaction to rises during the last two trading sessions.
Air France is fighting to survive a series of problems which have brought it to the verge of collapse during the last few years and the French government has warned that the aid will amount to a last rescue package.
The National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA) said on its Radio Vorgan that the government had recently imported and "tested" a load of "chemical" bombs during military exercises.
He made the announcement during a tour of Hebron and the adjacent Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
Undue formalities during the scaled-down indoor ceremony in Pyongyang also raised speculation among Pyongyang watchers here.
"We have full and detailed information concerning the fate of the Israeli enemy's soldiers who were killed or went missing during and after the 1982 invasion of Lebanon," the Arabic-language statement said.
The airman's plane was shot down over south Lebanon during an Israeli bombing raid on a Palestinian refugee camp.
Referring to the absence of an official mourning delegation from Seoul in Pyongyang during commemoratations for Kim, the report said: "They brand this as a barbarous act of those without national conscience and ignorant of ethics, morality and courtesy, who are inferior to beasts."
And in a further twist to the "dirty deeds" affair, an English newspaper published pictures on Wednesday of South African fast bowler Allan Donald appearing to interfere with the seam of the ball during his team's 356-run first Test victory at Lord's.
The former Pakistan captain caused widespread controversy earlier this year when he admitted using a bottle top on a ball during a county championship game in 1981, and also claimed tampering was widespread in the English game.
Speaking to more than 5,000 pilgrims from around the world during the Vatican's weekly audience, he said "Jesus Christ confided the task of priesthood exclusively to people of the male sex," he said.
Work was halted during the revolution and the 1980-1988 Iran-Iraq war, when the plant was bombed.
Rome judge Adele Rando issued the ruling during a trial covering one of around 20 corruption cases in which Craxi has been charged.
For the first three quarters Disney posted a net profit increase of 18 percent at 884.5 million dollars (1.62 dollars per share) against 749 million dollars (before provisions for accounting modifications) during the same period last year.
reopens (LONDON) In Brussels, EU Transport Commissioner Marcelino Oreja said that during the last six months the commission had approved state aid for the Aer Lingus airline of Ireland and TAP of Portugal, and that while applications to provide aid to some other airlines, among them Iberia of Spain, might soon be made, no such requests had yet been made.
The terminal, from where 97 percent of Iranian crude oil is shipped abroad, suffered great damage during the 1980-1988 Iran-Iraq war.
But it had banned any further state aid for the company during the duration of a restructuring plan to shed 5,000 jobs from a total of 40,000 by the end of 1997.
Grimes said UNPROFOR considered the Serb closure "a serious step backwards, but not the reinstatement of the (Serb) siege" of Sarajevo broken during the winter.
Rabin took every opportunity to appeal for economic aid for Jordan during White House receptions, at the State Department and before Congress, Jordanian delegation members said.
The two men have built up a relationship of confidence and respect during their secret meetings over the years.
Both Israel and Jordan also spoke of the threat to peace from terrorism, during a joint press conference with US President Bill Clinton at the White House on Tuesday.
Although a member of Brazil's World Cup-winning squad, Muller did not make it off the bench during the tournament.
Court officials said an arrest warrant was issued for him after Salvatore Sciascia, the Fininvest tax director detained since Monday on bribery charges, told the chief investigating magistrate in Milan, Antonio Di Pietro, that the younger Berlusconi gave him 200 million lire (126,000 dollars) to pay off the finance police during tax audits.
Donald, who took seven wickets during South Africa's first Test win at Lord's, said: "I just hope the storm blows over soon without Mike losing his job.
But former Pakistan captain Imran Khan, who caused widespread controversy earlier this year when he admitted using a bottle top on a ball during a county championship game in 1981, refused to condemn him.
Donald himself came under scrutiny on Wednesday in a series of Sun pictures showing him looking intently at the ball during the Test, while appearing to dig the tip of his thumb into it.
However, the source was reluctant to say whether the previously unannounced meeting had actually started, or whether a decision was expected during the evening.
However, the source was reluctant to say whether the previously unannounced meeting had actually started, or whether a decision was expected during the evening.
The UN here said it thought Bottomley was hit by shrapnel from a tanker carrying 20,000 litres of fuel which exploded during the attack.
However, the source -- who asked not to be named -- was reluctant to say whether the previously unannounced meeting had actually started or whether a decision was expected during the evening.
Arafat receives message of support from Christopher  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 27 (AFP)  PLO chief Yasser Arafat received a message of support from US Secretary of State Warren Christopher on Wednesday, two days after Israel confirmed Jordan's rights over Moslem sites in Jerusalem during a summit in Washington.
The US secretary met with Arafat last Thursday during his Middle East tour and later said their talks focused on international economic aid for the new Palestinian authority.
He said he felt "totally trapped" during the 15-minute long intensive shooting.
The UN here said it thought Bottomley was hit by shrapnel from a tanker carrying 20,000 litres of fuel which exploded during the attack.
The defector, Kang Myong-Do, said during a press conference in Seoul Wednesday that he was the North Korean prime minister's son-in-law and that Pyongyang had already produced at least five nuclear bombs.
Gore will also meet Polish President Lech Walesa and Prime Minister Waldemar Pawlak during the visit, a White House statement said.
US imports of Canadian wheat are projected to total 2.4 million metric tonnes during the 1993-94 season, from June to May, or a 60 percent increase over 1993.
Richardson said the 1993 reduction was "exclusively" due to falling Japanese exports to the Union, though he added European imports had only really begun penetrating the domestic Japanese market during the current year.
Vice Economic Minister Sheu Ke-sheng Tuesday announced the policy change during a GATT working-level session in Geneva to boost the island's chances of being admitted to the world trade body, the officials said.
American products have long been available in Vietnam as they were smuggled in from neighbouring countries during the embargo, but now prices are falling and some firms such as Pepsi and Coca Cola are setting up production facilities here.
Eight of the 15 categories surveyed showed a decline in sales during the period, led by textile wholesalers, whose revenues plunged 7.6 percent.
Only wholesalers of books, compact discs, videos and musical instruments posted faster sales growth during the year.
Haaretz said Israel was similarly ready to pull back over three years to the international border from the Golan plateau, which was conquered during the 1967 Middle East war.
The new defector decided to flee to the South after learning about South Korea's prosperity during his stay in China last January, the agency said.
The Arellano brothers are charged with killing Cardinal Posadas during a shootout between rival drug traffickers, while he was waiting in his car at the Guadalajara international airport.
Nippon Trust, founded in 1927, was originally a member of the Kawasaki group of companies but came under the wing of the Mitsubishi group during World War II.
Some said they feared a further escalation of the conflict during the strike.
Police used truncheons and tear gas in a nearly three-hour-long pitched battle with students, during which passers-by ran for cover and businesses shut down.
(ENSTONE) At an emergency meeting of its world motor sport council in Paris Tuesday, FIA also fined Benetton 500,000 US dollars for repeated failure to comply with official decisions during the race, and a further 100,000 US dollars for not immediately handing over computer codes for the electronics on its Grand Prix car.
Police closed off the city-centre street to other traffic during the operation which was in part broadcast by the private M6 television channel.
Court officials earlier said the arrest warrant was issued after Salvatore Sciascia, the Fininvest tax director detained since Monday on bribery charges, told Di Pietro, that Paolo Berlusconi gave him 200 million lire (126,000 dollars) to pay off the finance police during tax audits.
They are accused of being present at a meeting during which discussions took place about the possibility of killing Turner, whose office had been investigating the cult's finances.
Kruk has further tests after cancer op  PHILADELPHIA, July 28 (AFP)  Philadelphia Phillies first baseman John Kruk, who had a cancerous testicle removed during spring training, is having tests following a further cancer scare.
Some 24 Israeli ambassadors and consuls were warned of the security threats posed by terrorism during a meeting at the foreign ministry here Thursday.
It might therefore fall sharply during the winter.
The EU also banned any further state aid for the company during a restructuring plan to shed 5,000 jobs from a total of 40,000 by the end of 1997.
Paolo Berlusconi to appear before judge Thursday: lawyer  ROME, July 28 (AFP)  Paolo Berlusconi, the Italian prime minister's brother who was still at large early Thursday despire a warrant for his arrest on corruption charges, will appear before a magistrate during the day, one of his lawyers said.
Paolo Berlusconi will probably be questioned by anti-corruption judge Antonio di Pietro following accusations by Fininvest's tax director, Salvatore Sciascia, who said the businessman had authorised bribery payments to financial police of 330 million lire (210,000 dollars) during tax audits.
Several home-made bombs exploded in different parts of Bangladesh's second largest city during the stoppage but there were no immediate reports of fresh casualties.
Azam's rivals accuse him of several killings and collaborating with the Pakistani army during Bangladesh's 1971 independence war.
Local journalists meanwhile held a rally Thursday at the Chittagong Press Club to protest police action on journalists during their coverage of the unrest.
The Israelis would then summon me, and I would tell them 'you claim this is a democratic country, so I should be free to run my show.' " Instead of the 150-seat shop in which the theatre operated during the seven-year intifada, or uprising that began in 1987, "In Spite of You" now shows to a full house of 1,200 in an old movie-house.
The EU also banned any further state aid for the company during a restructuring plan to shed 5,000 jobs from a total of 40,000 by the end of 1997.
Taiwan opposition to protest against talks with China by Lawrence Chung  TAIPEI, July 28 (AFP)  Taiwan's main opposition Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) plans to stage mass protests at the weekend during the fifth round of semi- official talks between Taipei and Beijing.
Tang is also expected to meet with vice ministers from the interior, foreign and education ministries during a reception to be hosted by SEF chairman Koo Chen-fu.
He urged banks to continue efforts to resolve problems with non- performing loans inherited during late 1980s.
Som Savanna, a Kampot station official, quoted local residents briefly detained during the ambush as saying the guerrillas detained only two foreigners.
In his first class debut, Ranatunga resisted Pakistan's ferocious pace trio of Wasim Akram, Waqar Younis and Ashfaq Ahmed during almost five hours at the wicket.
Carter, 33, who worked for AFP during South Africa's historic all-race election in April, was regarded as one of the country's top cameramen.
At an emergency meeting of its world motor sport council in Paris Tuesday, FIA also fined Benetton 500,000 US dollars for repeated failure to comply with official decisions during the race, and a further 100,000 US dollars for not immediately handing over computer codes for the electronics on its Grand Prix car.
They were taken to the capital's Sainte Famille church complex where thousands had sought shelter during the ethnic massacres which claimed up to one million mostly Tutsi lives from early April.
Luo, who worked for the Guangdong Ceramic Co. and was described as a gambling addict, was charged with embezzling funds from the Macao International Bank during a work stay in the Portuguese enclave.
Ouellet is expected to hold talks with his Chinese counterpart Qian Qichen and sign an agreement on environmental cooperation and a Mutual Legal Assistance treaty during his visit.
Police closed off the city-centre street to other traffic during the operation which was in part broadcast by the private M6 television channel.
Cyprus could be "Switzerland of the Middle East": Peres  NICOSIA, July 28 (AFP)  Cyprus is in an ideal position to become the "Switzerland" of a peaceful Middle East, Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres said here Thursday during a landmark visit to the Mediterranean island.
Yemeni diplomats said UN special representative Lakhdar Brahimi, who tried to broker a dialogue during the two-month civil war, was due to be briefed on the Sanaa government's position by Planning Minister Abdelkarim al-Iryani later Thursday.
Joshua records that Gilgal was the base for his seven-year war and for seven more years during which the land was divided between the 12 tribes of Israel.
The site continued to be used during times of crisis when sacrifices were offered.
But dealers held that the fall was likely to be restrained during the next few sessions and they put the resistance point at 2,120 points.
The first phase calls for canceling roughly 193 million dollars during this fiscal year, which ends in September.
Paolo Berlusconi will probably be questioned by Di Pietro following accusations by Fininvest's tax director, Salvatore Sciascia, who said the businessman had authorised bribery payments to financial police of 330 million lire (210,000 dollars) during tax audits.
It was not immediately clear whether northern and southern delegations met face to face or held separate talks with Brahimi, who tried to broker a dialogue during Yemen's two-month civil war.
Banned for two races by the FIA, the sport's world governing body, for ignoring a black flag during the recent British Grand Prix, Schumacher has launched an appeal so as not to disappoint Sunday's sell-out crowd of 150,000.
But the Foreign Office said the criticism was not discussed during the meeting.
Leicestershire manager Jack Birkenshaw will negotiate with Cronje during South Africa's game against the county at Grace Road this weekend.
Assad told US Secretary of State Warren Christopher during his shuttle mission last week that he "would not object to such a delegation being led by a Lebanese," the official said.
Reigning race champion Nigel Mansell of England and Andretti are pole favorites during time trials Friday and Saturday on the two-mile (3.2km) oval.
Nayef al-Kadi, Jordan's representative to the Arab League, "clarified" Jordan's position during a meeting called by league secretary Esmat Abdel Meguid.
The two sides also agreed to keep in touch with Brahimi, who tried to broker a dialogue during the war.
The two sides also agreed during face-to-face talks to keep in touch with Brahimi, who tried to broker a dialogue during the war.
The Office of Cambodian Genocide Investigation will provide the Cambodian government or an international tribunal with data about mass murder, war crimes or crimes against humanity committed during the 1975-79 Khmer Rouge rule.
President Bill Clinton signed legislation into law on April 31 creating the office to investigate Pol Pot and other Khmer Rouge leaders for genocide during their 1975-79 rule when an estimated one million people died.
Meanwhile, Rabin also said that US Secretary of State Warren Christopher will organise a three-way meeting with his Israeli and Jordanian counterparts, Shimon Peres and Abdel Salam Majali, during his next Middle East tour in early August.
"The Jerusalem question will be resolved later during Palestinian- Israeli negotiations on the (city's) definitive status and Jordan is not a party to these negotiations."
They said the 111 men in the study were followed up for at least 10 years after they became HIV positive, and the model correctly identified most of those who developed AIDS during that time.
President Bill Clinton signed a bill April 31 that included a provision creating the office to investigate Pol Pot and other Khmer Rouge leaders for genocide during their 1975-79 rule when an estimated one million people died.
US President Bill Clinton signed a bill April 31 that included a provision creating the office to investigate Pol Pot and other Khmer Rouge leaders for genocide during their 1975-79 rule, during which an estimated one million people died.
At the outset, the four men had forced the driver of the bus to take the vehicle and its 41 passengers to Mineralnye Vody airport, where they demanded a 15-million-dollar ransom and a helicopter to escape during talks with local officials and police.
The two leaders arranged the meeting during a telephone conversation on Thursday, the premier's spokesman Oded Ben Ami said.
Millions of mines were planted across the Cambodian countryside during the civil war.
The Berlusconi arrest warrent was issued Tuesday following accusations by Fininvest's tax director, Salvatore Sciascia, who said the businessman had authorised bribery payments to financial police of 330 million lire (210,000 dollars) during tax audits.
The two leaders arranged the meeting during a telephone conversation on Thursday, the premier's spokesman Oded Ben Ami said.
The drug would be administered in capsules after the 14th week of pregnancy and intravenously during labor.
Up to four of the hostages were killed and 15 other people wounded when the kidnappers detonated a grenade during the rescue operation.
At the outset, the four men had forced the driver of the bus to take the vehicle and its 41 passengers to Mineralnye Vody airport, where they demanded a 15-million-dollar ransom and a helicopter to escape during talks with local officials and police.
ETA is believed to have killed about 750 people, including 42 military and para-military officers, during its 25-year campaign for Basque independence.
Prasong made the disclosure during debate on no-confidence motions against himself and three other senior government ministers.
He had established himself as the country's best full-back and penalty corner hitter during his 10-year career in international hockey from 1971 until his retirement in 1981.
ETA is believed to have killed about 750 people, including 42 military and para-military officers, during its 25-year campaign for Basque independence.
"We don't have direct proof," Peres said in an interview with AFP during a first official visit to Cyprus by a senior Israeli official since the Mediterranean island won independence in 1960.
Ambassador Kim Sam-Hoon, South Korea's pointman on the nuclear issue, will leave here for Geneva early next week for on-site coordination with Washington during the talks, they said.
One killed as violence erupts in Srinagar to protest arrests by Surinder Oberoi  SRINAGAR, India, July 29 (AFP)  At least one person was killed here Friday when Kashmiri Moslems clashed with Indian troops during protests against the arrest of several top leaders of the Kashmiri Moslem separatist movement.
Yasin Malik, head of the outlawed Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front, Shakeel Ahmad Bakshi, leader of the banned Islamic Students League, and 11 other prominent Moslem separatist leaders were arrested overnight during a demonstration at Kashmir's holiest Islamic shrine, the Hazratbal mosque.
ETA is believed to have killed about 750 people, including 42 military and para-military officers, during its 25-year campaign for Basque independence.
More and more ministers, including the leader of the government and military chiefs are henceforth in favour of using strength as during the 1970's."
The warrant was issued Tuesday following accusations by Fininvest's tax director, Salvatore Sciascia, who said the businessman had authorised bribery payments to financial police of 330 million lire (210,000 dollars) during tax audits.
It was during those confessions that Sciascia implicated the premier's brother, sparking the arrest warrant, and deepened political problems for the billionaire prime minister.
Jesse Jackson leaves Nigeria  LAGOS, July 29 (AFP)  US human rights campaigner, the Reverend Jesse Jackson, left here Friday at the end of a two-day visit during which he met Nigerian leader General Sani Abacha and Moshood Abiola, the chief opposition figure, a US embassy official told AFP.
"These camps are occupied exclusively by Burundians of both ethnic groups who were displaced during the ethnic troubles of October 1993," said a well-informed source.
The possibility of a meeting during the day between Japan's deputy foreign minister Sadayushi Hayashi and US trade representative Mickey Kantor was also raising hopes that Tokyo and Washington would reach a trade agreement on government orders for telecommunications and medical equipment ahead of Sunday's US-set deadline.
The new law is pending the approval of legislation to regulate the media in Lebanon, where more than 150 broadcasting stations sprang up during the 1975-1990 civil war.
Tata has projected an increase in TISCO's production of 13 percent to 2.44 million tonnes during the year to March 31, 1995.
Earlier Friday US human rights campaigner, the Reverend Jesse Jackson, left at the end of a two-day visit, during which he met Nigeria's leader General Sani Abacha and Moshood Abiola, the chief opposition figure.
The warrant was issued Tuesday following accusations by Fininvest's tax director, Salvatore Sciascia, who said the businessman had authorised bribery payments to financial police of 330 million lire (210,000 dollars) during tax audits.
Yasin Malik, head of the outlawed Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front, Shakeel Ahmad Bakshi, leader of the banned Islamic Students League, and 11 other prominent Moslem separatist leaders were arrested overnight during a protest at Kashmir's holiest Islamic shrine, the Hazratbal mosque.
Exports increased 11.9 percent to 43.1 billion dollars during the six- month period, but imports swelled more radically, expanding 14.5 percent to 44.7 billion dollars, for a 1.6 billion dollar trade deficit.
Abiola has met caucus leaders several times during visits to the United States, one observer said.
The US human rights campaigner left Nigeria earlier Friday at the end of a two-day visit, during which he met Nigeria's leader General Sani Abacha and Moshood Abiola, the chief opposition figure.
The warrant was issued Tuesday following accusations by Fininvest's tax director, Salvatore Sciascia, who said the businessman had authorised bribery payments to financial police of 330 million lire (210,000 dollars) during tax audits.
General Francisco Veguillas Elices, 68, his driver and one of his escort were killed, said Defence Minister Julian Garcia Vargas on the scene of the attack during the morning rush hour in Ramales square.
ETA is believed to have killed about 750 people, including 42 military and para-military officers, during its 25-year campaign for Basque independence.
More Britons trafficking drugs in northern France  LILLE, France, July 29 (AFP)  The number of Britons arrested for drug trafficking has significantly increased in northern France during the first six months of the year, French customs statistics show.
In total, 2,773 people were arrested in France for trafficking, possessing or using drugs during this period, much less than the previous year (3,014).
Four hostages and one hostage-taker were killed during the operation in Mineralnye Vody early Friday.
But during a four-day attempt to escape Russian authorities, the kidnappers tossed some two million dollars of their ransom money from their helicopter out over Chechnya before being caught.
The 44-year-old businessman's arrest came after a warrant was issued Tuesday in the wake of accusations by Fininvest's tax director, Salvatore Sciascia, who said the businessman had authorised bribery payments to financial police of 330 million lire (210,000 dollars) during tax audits.
It was during those confessions that Sciascia implicated the premier's brother.
Sainz out, McRae leads New Zealand rally  AUCKLAND, New Zealand, July 29 (AFP)  World championship leader Carlos Sainz was forced to pull out of the New Zealand rally during Friday's first stage when his Subaru suffered engine trouble.
Klinsmann, who has signed a two-year contract, was 30 during the World Cup in the USA, where he suffered the disappointment of quarter-final defeat by Bulgaria.
An anti-abortion activist shot dead a doctor here in March last year during a demonstration outside a clinic where abortions were carried out.
An anti-abortion activist shot dead a doctor here in March last year during a demonstration outside a clinic where abortions were carried out.
ETA is believed to have killed about 750 people, including 42 military and para-military officers, during its 25-year campaign for Basque independence.
Critics accuse the militant leaders of collaborating with the Pakistani army during the war.
Yasin Malik, head of the JKLF, Shakeel Ahmad Bakshi, leader of the banned ISL, and 11 other prominent Moslem separatist leaders were arrested overnight during a protest at Kashmir's holiest Islamic shrine, the Hazratbal mosque.
More than 10 hijackings of Chinese airliners to Taiwan by mainland residents since April 1993 have also fueled tension, as did the recent drowning of 10 Chinese migrant fishermen off Taiwan during a typhoon after they were refused shelter on the island.
Atherton was fined 2,000 pounds by England chairman of selectors Ray Illingworth for his actions during the first Test against South Africa at Lord's last week when he pulled dirt from his pocket, appeared to rough up one side of the ball and then failed to give a full explanation to match referee Peter Burge.
"I repeat that at no time during my career have I cheated or attempted to cheat and nor did I do so on this occasion.
More than 10 hijackings of Chinese airliners to Taiwan by mainland residents since April 1993 have also fueled tension, as did the recent drowning of 10 Chinese migrant fishermen off Taiwan during a typhoon after they were refused shelter on the island.
Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres meanwhile told AFP during a visit to Cyprus that his country had "indirect proof" of Hezbollah's involvement in the bombings.
But there is then a 60-day consultation period, during which the two sides could continue talks, before sanctions are finally announced -- and even then they would not take effect for a year.
Wendlinger leaves hospital  INNSBRUCK, Austria, July 29 (AFP)  Formula One driver Karl Wendlinger, who crashed during the Monaco grand prix on May 12, left Innsbruck University hospital on Friday.
His lawyers Oreste Dominioni and Vittorio Virga said the younger Berlusconi, a senior official in the premier's Fininvest business empire, had admitted paying kickbacks during several hours of interrogation by anti-corruption magistrates Friday.
But Dominioni said that during the questioning "it became apparent that it was a payment made by necessity, which in legal terms amounts to extortion."
The warrant against Paolo Berlusconi was issued Tuesday following accusations by Fininvest's tax director, Salvatore Sciascia, who said the businessman had authorised bribery payments to financial police of 330 million lire (210,000 dollars) during tax audits.
But there is then a 60-day consultation period, during which the two sides could continue talks, before sanctions are finally announced -- and even then they would not take effect for a year.
At GNI brokers, experts said that the fall had been influenced by a reduction, judged to have been too small, of LME stocks by 950 tonnes during the week to 338,650 tonnes.
They said that the copper market remained on a firm trend despite sluggish demand which was normal during the summer and also despite an increase in world production from the end of 1994 or the beginning of next year.
Nickel prices fell by 50 dollars during the middle of the week but rallied quickly on Friday to return to 6,290 dollars per tonne as achieved last week.
They had forced the driver to take the vehicle and its 41 passengers to Mineralnye Vody airport, where they demanded a 15-million-dollar ransom and a helicopter to escape during talks with local officials and police.
The bad feelings between rival camps on the abortion issue erupted in March last year when an anti-abortion activist shot dead a doctor during a demonstration outside a clinic where abortions were carried out.
Details announced of commission to probe apartheid abuses  CAPE TOWN, July 29 (AFP)  Justice Minister Dullah Omar on Friday announced proposals for a Truth and Reconciliation Commission to probe human rights abuses during South Africa's apartheid era.
Instead, persons who committed human rights violations during the time period would be given indemnity for full disclosure of their crimes, Omar said.
Fininvest's tax director, Salvatore Sciascia, had accused the brother of authorising bribery payments to financial police worth 330 million lire (210,000 dollars) during tax audits from 1989 to 1992, when the premier was company president.
"The conflict of interest also concerns the editorial line of Fininvest," said left-wing opposition Senate leader Cesare Salvi, referring to its three private national television channels, magazines and newspapers which all supported Berlusconi heavily during this year's elections.
Roth has asked the European Parliament to provisionally suspend Commission meetings between the parliament and Turkish deputies during the period of the trial.
The report said Benetton stated that its starting system, known as "launch control", was only used during testing and could only be switched on by "recompiling of the code" -- running another computer program that takes some minutes.
Schumacher) complied with the Regulations at all times during the San Marino Grand Prix."
Two years ago Piggott made a miraculous recovery from sickening injuiries sustained in a fall during the Breeders Cup.
Rome judge Adele Rando issued the ruling during the Intermetro trial, which centres on the construction of a Rome subway line and is another of around 20 corruption cases in which Craxi has been charged.
But there is then a 60-day consultation period, during which the two sides could continue talks, before sanctions are finally announced.
But he viewed it as a temporary correction after overly rapid growth during the four previous quarters, notably in the household appliance sectors and other durable goods.
The local authorities said up to 25,000 mines had been planted during the war around strategic sites and in urban areas, notably Aden and its suburbs.
Attorney Johnnie Cochran Jr. made the suggestion during a hearing on a sweeping defense motion seeking total disclosure of evidence.
It also wants fingerprint matches and police reports of similar unsolved murders in California in the past year, and records of emergency room visits for cuts or dog bites during the 24 hours following the murders.
The poll by the Chartered Institute of Purchasing and Supply, which was to be published on Monday, showed that prices had risen strongly during the last 12 months because companies copuld not cope with growing demand.
British and North American investors were noted in the market during the afternoon, one dealer said.
The bad feelings between rival camps on the abortion issue erupted in March last year when an anti-abortion activist shot dead a doctor during a demonstration outside a clinic where abortions were carried out.
Hill founded his group after that killing and he was outspoken in his views during the trial in that case.
Deputy Secretary of State Strobe Talbott spoke by telephone with Japanese Foreign Minister Yohei Kono early Friday and the two sides "agreed that they should work during the weekend to address trade issues," a State Department spokesman said.
There is then a 60-day consultation period, during which the two sides could continue talks, before sanctions are finally announced.
The general strike was called during a protest march July 6 by an estimated 50,000 people protesting economic conditions in Argentina, where Menem has privatized public enterprises and aggressively pursued free market economic policies.
But umpires confiscated his bat during a game earlier this month.
During a press conference, Malick Jeng said new President Lieutenant Yaya Jammeh had personally announced the arrests during an interview with Senegalese television.
On Friday Long indicated that he would be giving details to GATT officials at the end of August about access to Chinese markets, to be discussed during September.
The report said Benetton stated that its starting system, known as "launch control", was only used during testing and could only be switched on by "recompiling of the code" -- running another computer program that takes some minutes.
Schumacher) complied with the Regulations at all times during the San Marino Grand Prix."
In addition, Mobutu promised to help Rwanda restore power supplies cut off during the three months of ethnic carnage.
The RPF-led government, made up of Tutsis and moderate Hutus, came to power earlier this month after the military defeat of the former Hutu- led interim administration in power during the civil war.
Li made the remarks during a meeting with visiting Egyptian Defence Minister Field Marshal Hussein Tantawy, who is also commander-in-chief of his country's armed forces, China's official news agency said in a dispatch monitored here.
French PM arrives in Libreville en route for Goma  LIBREVILLE, July 29 (AFP)  French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur arrived in Gabon's capital Libreville Friday during his whistle-stop tour of west Africa which will include a weekend stop in Goma to visit Rwandan refugees.
The bad feelings between rival camps on the abortion issue erupted in March last year when an anti-abortion activist shot dead a doctor during a demonstration outside a clinic where abortions were carried out.
(PENSACOLA) Hill founded his group after that killing and he was outspoken in his views during the trial in that case.
The seven-timeS NBA scoring champion, who led the Chicago Bulls to three straight league crowns, ripped his former teammates for a lack of support and said his late father James wanted him to retire during his final season because "he felt my teammates didn't appreciate what I was doing for them."
Deputy Secretary of State Strobe Talbott spoke by telephone with Japanese Foreign Minister Yohei Kono early Friday and the two sides "agreed that they should work during the weekend to address trade issues," a State Department spokesman said.
There is then a 60-day consultation period, during which the two sides could continue talks, before sanctions are finally announced.
That means an average loss of 6,977 dollars a day during a strike.
US imports of Canadian wheat are projected to total 2.4 million metric tonnes during the 1993-94 season, from June to May, or a 60 percent increase over 1993.
Rome judge Adele Rando issued the ruling during the Intermetro trial, which centres on the construction of a Rome subway line and is another of around 20 corruption cases in which Craxi has been charged.
The court prosecutor Richard Goldstone who arrived during the session, will take up his function officially on August 15.
The break lasted a lengthy eight hours, during which the US delegation remained closeted in the US Trade Representative's office and the Japanese delegation held its own talks.
(WASHINGTON) There is then a 60-day consultation period, during which the two sides could continue talks, before sanctions are finally announced.
They said they would now try to find consensus for putting the agreements into words during the four-day working-level meeting.
Meanwhile, seven people died and 20 houses were gutted Saturday during a fierce gun battle between Moslem rebels and Indian troopers in the Kashmiri town of Sopore, 55 kilometres (30 miles) north of Srinagar, police said.
JKLF leader Yasin Malik, Shakeel Ahmad Bakshi, leader of the banned ISL, and 11 other Moslem separatist leaders were arrested Thursday during a protest at Kashmir's holiest Islamic shrine, the Hazratbal mosque.
Islam visited Amman several times during the 1990-1991 Gulf crisis, when he also travelled to Baghdad and Riyadh, as part of efforts to find a peaceful solution to the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait.
A Hezb statement in Pakistan blamed the killing on Khad, the secret Afghan service during the communist rule in Afghanistan, saying the motive for the murder was to discredit Hekmatyar's party.
US imports of Canadian wheat are projected to total 2.4 million metric tonnes during the 1993-94 season, from June to May, or a 60 percent increase over 1993.
(AFP)     SRINAGAR: Seven people died and 20 houses were gutted during a fierce gun  battle between Moslem rebels and Indian troopers in the Kashmiri town of  Sopore, 55 kilometres (30 miles) north of Srinagar, police said, as an  indefinite strike ordered by Moslem militants to protest the arrest of their  top leaders paralysed normal life in the state, officials said.
Differences had emerged between Washington and Moscow during the talks at the US Mission to the United Nations over how to punish the Serbs.
In practice they used their new V12 engine which is powerful but could burn out during the 45-lap race in expected high temperatures here.
Five Palestinians hurt in clash with troops in Ramallah  RAMALLAH, West Bank, July 30 (AFP)  Israeli troops fired teargas during clashes with Palestinians in the occupied West Bank town of Ramallah Saturday, lightly wounding five of them, Palestinian sources said.
US imports of Canadian wheat are projected to total 2.4 million metric tonnes during the 1993-94 season, from June to May, or a 60 percent increase over 1993.
                    Nigeria-strike                     450 words around 1615 GMT                     by Ade Obisesan     We have moved the following:     DHAKA:          Home-made bombs explode here and police                     clash with protestors in Chittagong during                     a one-day nationwide general strike against                     rising Moslem fundamentalism in Bangladesh.
Arafat's message said East Jerusalem was "an integral part of the occupied territories, and its status must be discussed during negotiations on the final status (of the territories)," in line with the autonomy accord signed by Israel and the PLO on May 4.
None of the senior civilian and senior refugees, who started returning Friday and Saturday, were on the new Rwandan Patriotic Front-led (RPF) government's list of around a hundred people suspected of involvement in genocide during the recently-ended civil war.
Amongst the twenty-or-so returning military personnel were five generals and the former director of Kigali's Military Academy, Colonel Jean Rusasira, whoa was raised to the rank of brigadier general by the Hutu government in power during the war, Rwandan military sources said.
They reached agreement during three UNHCR-brokered meetings in Gisenyi this week, said Rwandan military and French diplomatic sources in the eastern Zairean town Goma, which lies just across the border from Gisenyi.
Mubarak, King Fahd discuss Mideast peace process  JEDDAH, Saudi Arabia, July 30 (AFP)  Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak discussed the Middle East peace process with King Fahd of Saudi Arabia here Saturday during a brief visit to the kingdom.
Bad feelings between rival camps on the abortion issue erupted in March last year when an anti-abortion activist shot dead a doctor during a demonstration outside a clinic where abortions were carried out.
Hill founded his group after that killing and he was outspoken in his views during the trial in that case.
Four tram passengers injured by Serb snipers in Sarajevo  SARAJEVO, July 30 (AFP)  Serb snipers injured four Sarajevo tram passengers during an attack in the city's infamous sniper alley Saturday, hospital sources said.
The request was made during a meeting Friday between UN envoy to ex-Yugoslavia, Siergo de Mello and Serb leaders at the Serbian stronghold of Pale, east of Sarajevo.
Leotard will remain in Goma and hold a press conference later with his US counterpart, Defence Secretary William Perry, who was expected there on during the day, Rambeau added.
They stressed that talks would continue during the 60-day consultation period before a formal sanctions announcement is made under the sanctions process due to begin Sunday.
Craxi, who earlier told AFP that he would appeal against the verdict in Italian and international courts, also charged Saturday that his defendant's rights had been violated during the hearing.
They stressed that talks would continue during the 60-day consultation period before a formal sanctions announcement is made under the sanctions process due to begin Sunday.
"The deadline is tommorrow" before Washington decides whether to start the clock on a two-month period during which the two parties can resolve their differences before sanctions are imposed, said White House spokeswoman Dee Dee Myers.
"The Japanese had agreed to continue talking one way or the other," whatever the the United States decides, Myers said during a presidential fundraising stop in Mayfield Heights, Ohio.
Negotiators stressed that talks would continue during the 60-day consultation period before a formal sanctions announcement is made under the sanctions process due to begin Sunday.
The office of US Trade Representatives will  announce Sunday whether it will start the clock running on a two-month period  during which the two parties can resolve their differences before sanctions  are imposed.
Both sides stressed that talks would continue during the 60-day consultation period before a formal sanctions announcement is made under the sanctions process due to begin Sunday.
Rail links with China were cut during a border war in 1979 and no agreement has been reached yet on linking the northern town of Lang Son to the Chinese cities of Nanning and Kunming.
Pacific officials meet a week ahead and plan a draft communique which leaders then mull over and conclude during a retreat session and then later formal talks.
A press report here said Sunday that virtually all flights out of Colombo were fully booked during next month and speculated that some government officials, politicians and businessmen were planning to escape.
The prime minister was hospitalized briefly in Naples, Italy earlier this month after attending a working dinner during the summit of the Group of Seven (G7) industrialized countries.
(new series) Rabin and Mubarak review impasse in Syrian talks  TABA, Egypt, July 31 (AFP)  Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and Egypt's President Hosni Mubarak were to review the Middle East peace process and deadlock with Syria during talks at this Red Sea resort on Sunday, officials said.
However he noted "two positive points": -- state television in Damascus broadcast Rabin's speech in Washington last Monday during his first public summit meeting with King Hussein of Jordan.
Balladur, who officials said would inspect French troops serving with Operation Turquoise during a Zaire-Rwanda stopover lasting a few hours, arrived in the same aircraft as Defence Minister Francois Leotard, correspondents said.
Legislation planned for the session includes proposals for a bill establishing a Truth and Reconciliation Commission to probe human rights abuses during South Africa's apartheid era as well as legislation creating a constitutional court.
The breakthrough was made during a fifth round of unofficial talks between Taiwan and Chinese representatives.
But officials from both sides said talks would continue during the 60-day consultation period leading up to September 30.
Syrian state television broadcast Rabin's speech in Washington last Monday during his first public summit meeting with King Hussein of Jordan.
He said he was hopeful that the refugees who fled the country earlier this month amid fears of fresh massacres in reprisal for ethnic outrages committed during the three-month civil war would now start to return home.
An estimated one million Rwandans died during the war, which raged from early April to mid-July.
Thorpe was ignored by the selectors since looking impressive during England's winter tour to the Caribbean.
He said he was hopeful that the refugees who fled the country earlier this month amid fears of fresh massacres in reprisal for ethnic outrages committed during the three-month civil war would now start to return home.
Balladur, whom officials said would inspect French troops serving with Operation Turquoise during a Zaire-Rwanda stopover lasting a few hours, arrived in Goma in the same aircraft as Defence Minister Francois Leotard, correspondents said.
The refuelling coupler malfunctioned on Verstappen's Benetton-Ford during a pit stop on the 15th lap.
"Everyone should realise that those who want to be with the regime of (the Iraqi President) Saddam Hussein would not be spared blows from the Mujahedeen," he said during a public meeting in the city of Qom in central Iran.
The breakthrough was made during a fifth round of unofficial talks between Taiwan and Chinese representatives.
Meanwhile, the families of 24 Taiwanese tourists murdered during a boat cruise in China in late March threatened to stage a protest against Tang's arrival.
SEF and ARATS negotiators failed to reach any consensus over the Qiandao incident and other issues concerning safety of each country's citizens during the talks which began Saturday.
"We simply presented our views during the meeting as we had deep differences in various issues," Sun Yafu told reporters after the meeting.
He said the issues raised included not only the Qiandao Lake murder and travel safety, but also Taiwan's shooting on Chinese fishing boats and refusing shelter to Chinese fishermen during typhoons.
They came in the wake of a tension-filled day Saturday during which UNPROFOR reported some 600 outbreaks of firing in the city, which spokesman Major Rob Annink described as "a very high number."
It broadcasts mostly in English except during evening peak viewing times when it offers Japanese.
More than two dozen people including three policemen have been killed during July in Karachi, which is plagued by ethnic, political and sectarian tensions.
"We hope to entertain during a super match.
In Sunday's statement, which came during a new rebel offensive, the foreign ministry said Russian soldiers would not intervene directly in clashes but "would continue to take the strictest measures to guard the border."
Parnevik, who now puts away his clubs for a fortnight, during which he will get married on August 6, shot 67 for 272 then declared: "There was not much I could do once Vijay had blitzed the first nine.
Both sides made it clear Saturday that negotiations would continue during the consultation period.
Anne Shelton, RAF sweetheart, dies  LONDON, July 31 (AFP)  British singer Anne Shelton, sweetheart of the Royal Air Force during World War II, died Sunday aged 64 at her home in Sussex, southern England, her agent said.
Her performance of the German song Lili Marlene was a great success during the war.
I am, of course, extremely disappointed for all the fans who have given me their support during the weekend."
"We call on the criminals to come and demonstrate repentance before us, to allow us to be sure that justice will be done," Sendashonga told AFP during a visit to the northern border town of Gisenyi after a meeting with his Zairean counterpart Maluba M'Bangula.
Rabin added that he was sure the Israeli-Syrian track of the peace process would progress during the next Middle East tour by US Secretary of State Warren Christopher.
Informed sources say Lebanese Foreign Minister Fares Bweiz has discussed the lowering of customs taxes with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak during his visits to Egypt.
Responding to Russian government allegations Friday that the Russian population in Chechnya was suffering persecution, Dudayev said "it's not only Russians but Chechens who are enduring terrorism, diversions, and provocations (from Russia)."
An agreement on SAPTA, a preferential trading block of SAARC, was signed last year during the Dhaka summit, but its formal commencement was delayed until negotiations between member countries on listed trading items was completed.
(UNITED NATIONS) 8) Decides that the multinational force will terminate its mission and UNMIH will assume the full range of its functions described in paragraph 9 below when a secure and stable environment has been established and UNMIH has adequate force capacity and structure to assume the full range of its functions; the determination will be made by the Security Council, taking into account recommendations from the Member States of the Multinational Force, which are based on the assessment of the commander of the multinational force, and from the Secretary General; 9) Decides to revise and extend the mandate of the United Nations Mission in Haiti (UNMIH) for a period of six months to assist the democratic Government of Haiti in fulfilling its responsibilities in connection with: (a) sustaining the secure and stable environment established during the multinational phase and protecting international personnel and key installations; and (b) the professionalization of the Haitian armed forces and the creation of a separate police force.
This latest attack came in the wake of a tension-filled Saturday during which UNPROFOR reported some 600 outbreaks of firing in the city, which spokesman Major Rob Annink described as "a very high number."
At least eight aircraft landed Sunday during the daylight hours.
On Sunday, the families of 24 Taiwanese tourists murdered during a boat cruise in China in late March threatened to stage a protest against Tang's arrival.
The United Arab Emirates, which favoured the southerners during the civil war, has called for "national reconciliation."
Both Senate and House Republicans grilled administration officials last week during continuing hearings on Whitewater.
Both sides have made it clear that negotiations will continue during the 60-day consultation period.
Rabin said he hoped progress would be made during Christopher's next shuttle mission.
Twenty cows roasted alive during French thunderstorms  PERIGEUX, France, July 31 (AFP)  Twenty cows were roasted alive Sunday after lightning struck the barn they were sheltering in, firemen in this southwestern town said.
Of all the double agents recruited by the United States during the Cold War, "Polyakov was the jewel in the crown," Woolsey said.
According to Time, this information helped the United States during the Gulf War in 1991 fighting Iraqi forces armed with Soviet tanks.
Racist motive suspected after man killed near Cologne  COLOGNE, Germany, July 31 (AFP)  The body of a young man was found by a fisherman Sunday in the Cologne region, after a camper heard people shouting "Burn the Turks" during the night, police said.
A bomb was planted in the Alas airline commuter plane, which crashed during a flight between Colon and Panama City, killing everyone on board, according to preliminary police reports.
