With 90 minutes gone the 21-year-old top scorer for FC Bruges collected a pass from Eintracht Frankfurt midfielder Austin Okocha and swept the ball into the net from just outside the penalty area after evading two tackles.
Greece return home after conceding 10 goals in three matches and scoring none, the worst record in the World Cup.
Their best chances went to midfielder Panagiotis Tsalouchidis, who was left totally alone in front of goal after 52 minutes but wasted his opportunity to equalise.
It looked to be only a matter of time before they equalised, a richly deserved first World Cup goal after 4-0 humiliations at the hands of Argentina and Bulgaria.
Finidi rattled the bar after 21 minutes of the first half with a powerful drive from the edge of the area.
Shelling resumes after calmer night in wake of ceasefire  ADEN, July 1 (AFP)  Fighting between northern and southern Yemenis resumed at dawn Friday on the outskirts of Aden after a lull overnight in the wake of a ceasefire agreement concluded Thursday in Moscow.
A salvo of five rockets had hit Aden 20 minutes after the ceasefire deadline, killing three civilians and wounding another, the city's main al-Gumhuriya hospital said.
And then along came Maradona again -- back into the gutter after testing positive for ephedrine in a random control following the second game against Nigeria.
It had all ended in tears, as it did in 1990 when he cried after Argentina lost in the final to Germany.
Banned after a thigh-high tackle on Switzerland's Christophe Ohrel, he was sent home after fighting with an assistant coach who accused him of letting the team down.
He came to the finals less than 100 percent fit after injury but when thrown into the fray the devil in him soon intervened.
Greece were the first European qualifiers and the first to exit after finding they were out of their depth.
FIFA revenge came after his touchline row with an official and linesman in the defeat by Mexico brought a one-match ban from the dug-out.
Belgium looked poised to carry off their group after 1-0 wins over Morocco and Holland, before they surprisingly went down by the same margin to Saudi Arabia, relegating them from first to third on goal difference.
They began with a hollow 1-0 win over Bolivia after a terrible blunder by Bolivian goalkeeper Carlos Trucco allowed Jurgen Klinsmann to roll the ball into an empty net.
(LOS ANGELES) Italy's first-choice keeper, Gianluca Pagliuca, still has one match to run on a two-match ban after being sent off in the 1-0 victory over Norway.
Mexican Joaquin Del Olmo and Jan Wouters, of Holland, are also suspended after two cautions.
Spain's Miguel Nadal, sent off in their opening draw with South Korea, will be back after a two-match ban.
Ireland's Denis Irwin and Terry Phelan, Sweden's Martin Dahlin and Saudi goalscorer Fuad Amin Anwar will also return after missing their final group matches.
Franz Beckenbauer, a Bayern vice-president after coaching them to the Bundesliga title last season, confirmed their interest on Thursday when he spoke to the striker at the German World Cup camp here.
The PLO's information office in Cairo said Arafat would arrive at the Rafah border crossing, on the Egyptian border with the Gaza Strip, at 2:30 p.m. (1130 GMT) Friday, after leaving Cairo at 1:30 p.m. (1030 GMT).
Arafat's top advisor Nabil Shaath said the PLO leader would also visit the autonomous Jericho area in the West Bank after Gaza.
The US-sponsored resolution extends UNMIH's mandate to July 31 and calls on the UN Secretary General, Boutros Boutros-Ghali, to report back to the council before July 15, "with specific recommendations on the strength, composition, cost and duration of UNMIH, appropriate to its expansion and deployment after the departure of the senior Haitian military leadership."
UNMIH was created last year by the Security Council but has failed to come into being after demonstrations in Haiti prevented its deployment in October.
Caniggia was their best forward in Italy in 1990 and, after only three international matches in nine days following a 13-month ban for cocaine use, he has proved to be their most dangerous here.
But they showed their inexperience when they allowed Maradona to outwit them in Boston after Samson Siasia had given them the lead.
All these came after the jailing of a China-born Hong Kong journalist Xi Yang of Ming Pao daily.
And should the teams be level after extra time, US keeper Tony Meola believes the Americans would have the upper hand.
John Harkes is out of the reckoning for the Americans after two yellow cards, and Claudio Reyna may play if he recovers in time from a hamstring injury.
He is planning to fly to Rio for a few days after their July 4 clash with USA at Stanford Stadium near here.
The finance department said that Finance Secretary Roberto de Ocampo and Central Bank Governor Gabriel Singson had written to Christian Noyer, the French chairman of the Paris Club, after Manila had secured International Monetary Fund (IMF) approval for its economic programme last month.
His top advisor Nabil Shaath said the PLO leader would also visit Jericho after Gaza.
The PLO's information office in Cairo said Arafat would arrive at the Rafah border crossing, on the Egyptian border with the Gaza Strip, at 2:30 p.m. (1130 GMT) Friday, after leaving Cairo at 1:30 p.m. (1030 GMT).
Davies told government-run RTHK radio that there were regular contacts with the Chinese side after last week's meeting failed to reach agreement on financing Hong Kong's 20.3 billion US dollar airport project.
Under a 1991 agreement, China's consent is needed if Hong Kong is to be able to tap world capital markets for more than five billion Hong Kong dollars (646.83 million US) of airport-related debt maturing after 1997.
China is wary of any deal that would leave Hong Kong with too much debt to repay after it takes back the British colony in July 1997 -- around the same time the airport is scheduled to open.
Tumultous welcome awaits Arafat in Gaza by Barry Parker  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 1 (AFP)  The Gaza Strip hung out the green, red, black and white flags and splashed on a last coat of paint for a tumultuous welcome home for PLO chairman Yasser Arafat after 27 years in exile.
But the capitalist South has taken a realistic approach as it laid industrial foundations after the 1950-1953 Korean War and formalised ties with such communist nations as the then Soviet Union and China in recent years.
Police said the enraged troops opened fire "indiscriminately" in the town of Kangan, 30 kilometers (18 miles) from Srinagar, Thursday night after the ambush.
Vietnamese rice exports make comeback in first half  HANOI, July 1 (AFP)  Vietnamese rice exports grew by 5.2 percent in the first half of the year, staging a slight comeback after credit and transport problems slowed overseas sales in 1993, a report said Friday.
Sales fell 10 percent last year compared with the record sales in 1992 when Vietnam established itself as the third largest exporter after the United States and Thailand.
Bangladeshi Islamic group threatens to lay siege of US embassy  DHAKA, July 1 (AFP)  A Bangladeshi Islamic fundamentalist group Friday threatened to lay siege to the US embassy in Dhaka after accusing Washington of hurting Moslem sensibilities by supporting feminist writer Taslima Nasreen.
Herzog, 60, took the oath before government ministers and deputies in the Reichstag building in Berlin, after an outgoing speech from Weizsaecker, 74, who had been president since 1984.
The Finance Department said Finance Secretary Roberto de Ocampo and Central Bank Governor Gabriel Singson had written to Christian Noyer, the French chairman of the Paris Club, after Manila had secured International Monetary Fund (IMF) approval for its economic program last month.
The Finance Department said Finance Secretary Roberto de Ocampo and Central Bank Governor Gabriel Singson had written to Christian Noyer, the French chairman of the Paris Club, after Manila had secured International Monetary Fund (IMF) approval for its economic program last month.
It will be his first visit to Gaza since Israel captured it in the 1967 war and comes almost two months after Arafat signed in Cairo the accord launching limited Palestinian autonomy in Gaza and the West Bank town of Jericho.
Another police officer quoted by Interfax said the accident happened some 100 kilometres (62 miles) south of the Russian capital on the main road to Kiev after a car cut across Zhirinovsky's motorcade.
Boris Nemtsov, governor of the central region of Nizhni-Novgorod, has called for an enquiry after Zhirinovsky, accompanied by his bodyguards, had stormed into Nemtsov's office to complain about "the actions taken by the administration to undermine his authority."
Man stabbed after World Cup row  KUALA LUMPUR, July 1 (AFP)  A Malaysian was stabbed with a pair of scissors by his cousin following a quarrel over which World Cup match to watch on television, a newspaper reported Friday.
Yap Ngon Hing, 36, was stabbed while watching the Morocco v Holland match on one side after quarrelling  with his cousin who wanted to see the other match, a police officer in the northern town of Rawang was quoted as saying.
Arafat arrived in Cairo from the PLO's Tunis headquarters Friday, and was due to enter the Gaza Strip via the Rafah border crossing after meeting Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak.
It seems that the Bosnian Serb forces "retook the lost ground" after the Bosnian offensive, Chaperon said.
Iran has launched a manhunt for a suspect in the attack, Mehdi Nahvi, after identifying him as a member of the Mujahedeen.
Arafat also said he was happy about making an official entrance to the Gaza Strip rather than going in disguise as he did 27 years ago shortly after the territory was captured by Israel in the 1967 war.
    July 1 (AFP) - The 1000 GMT news advisory:                    Duty editor: Gerard Aziakou                    Tel: (33-1) 40 41 46 36     RAFAH,     Gaza Strip:     PLO chairman Yasser Arafat returns to                     a hero's welcome after 27 years away from                     his homeland, amid a massive security                     operation to thwart attempts on his life.
                    Arafat-return,                     700 words around 1145 GMT                     by Mona Salem     CAIRO:          An emotional PLO leader Yasser Arafat shares                     his last thoughts before his return to                     Palestine after a 27-year exile.
                    by Jo Strich     AIN HELWEH,     Lebanon:        Palestinians in refugee camps express                     sadness and betrayal as Arafat heads to                     the Gaza Strip after winning                     limited autonomy over only a part                     of Palestine.
Angola was plunged back into a long-running civil war after UNITA rejected the results of a UN-supervised general election in September 1992 which it lost to the ruling People's Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA).
That poll had been after a May 1991 peace pact.
Murayama acknowledged widespread concern about the stablity of the new coalition between his Social Democratic Party (SDP) and the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), kicked out of office last year after 38 years in power, saying he wanted to make people feel "secure" about the new government, The LDP has "broadly agreed" with the policy accord between the SDP and the small centrist New Party Sakigake, he said, brushing aside criticism that the three parties had formed a "collusive alliance" just to seize power.
Company president Helmut Riecke noted that the company had made a loss of 2.9 billion marks in 1993 but that this figure had been reduced to 1.6 billion marks after a withdrawal from reserves.
Kroeske told the annual press conference of the company, which is to be privatised, that this result would be achieved after payment of 5.2 billion marks to the state.
Dollar rebounds from record overnight low points  LONDON, July 1 (AFP)  The dollar rose against the main European currencies in initial trading on Friday morning after it had sunk to new lows on Asian markets overnight, dealers said.
The dollar rose to 99 yen from 98.40 at the close on Thursday after it had fallen to 97.75 yen in Tokyo.
Fatah dissident calls for suicide attacks on Arafat  AIN HELWEH, Lebanon, July 1 (AFP)  A breakaway Fatah official urged Palestinian militants to launch suicide attacks to kill Yasser Arafat, as the PLO leader travelled to Gaza Friday after 27 years in exile.
But he refused to say if talks would also cover other differences that remain between the former enemies more than two decades after US troops pulled out of Vietnam in 1973.
A second Hyundai subsidiary in the southeastern port of Ulsan, Hyundai Precision Co., faced an all-out strike after its 3,200 workers voted for a walkout late Thursday, a company spokesman said.
Subway workers in Seoul returned to work after a week-long wildcat strike under pressure from government and a media campaign against the strike, which turned Seoul's already notorious rush hour traffic congestion into chaos.
Singapore defence minister steps down  SINGAPORE, July 1 (AFP)  Singapore Defence Minister Yeo Ning Hong left office Friday after 13 years at the ministry, warning the tiny island republic not to abandon its policy of high military preparedness.
The event comes almost two months after he and Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin signed in Cairo the May 4 accord launching limited Palestinian autonomy in Gaza and the West Bank town of Jericho.
The last time he was in the occupied territories he slipped in disguise in the summer of 1967, just after the territories were captured by Israel in the 1967 Middle East war.
Troops kill seven after ambush, seven others die in Kashmir (UPDATES with ambush details, further violence  SRINAGAR, India, July 1 (AFP)  Indian army troops killed seven civilians and injured 10 others following an attack on a military convoy by Kashmiri Moslem separatist guerrillas in a town southwest of here, police said Friday.
Residents said the enraged soldiers opened fire "indiscriminately" after militants hiding across a river attacked the convoy.
Three other Moslem militants were gunned down Thursday night in Kupwara after they entered Indian Kashmir from Pakistan, the defence spokesman said.
Chief PLO autonomy negotiator Nabil Shaath said Arafat would visit the autonomous Jericho enclave in the West Bank after Gaza.
Israel annexed East Jerusalem after the 1967 Middle East war and declared Jerusalem the "eternal capital" of the Jewish state.
On Thursday, after the law was passed, Toubon said France now possessed "a fundamental instrument for fructifying our cultural capital."
Police closed off the main road which Arafat's motorcade will take after passing through a series of triumphal arches outside the border.
Colonel H, in charge of the Israeli side, met briefly with Palestinian police chief general Nasser Yussef on Friday after a liaison committee ironed out arrangements the day before.
A salvo of five Katyusha rockets hit Aden 20 minutes after a midnight (2100 GMT) ceasefire deadline set by the warring sides following Russian-brokered talks in Moscow Thursday.
The positions on the frontline were unchanged Friday, after northern forces advanced to within one kilometre (less than a mile) of the city Thursday.
Bentsen himself contributed to this impression by saying, shortly after his nomination in February 1993, that he wanted a stronger yen.
Occhetto stepped down after his party suffered an electoral setback in the June 12 European elections, dipping lower than in landmark legislative elections last March which brought Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's right-wing alliance to power.
Angola was plunged back into a long-running civil war after UNITA rejected the results of a UN-supervised general election in September 1992 which it lost to the ruling People's Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA).
Banks covered some losses on Thursday on concerns about narrowing lending margins after an announcement by Abbey National that it was halving its overdraft interest rate.
In pharmaceuticals, Wellcome fell by three pence to 587, after the US Food and Drug administration approved SmithKline Beecham's anti- herpetic drug on Thursday.
In Paris, shares were hesitantly higher, after opening lower, as the market traded uncertainly in the wake of turbulence on the foreign exchange markets, dealers said.
Eurotunnel rose by 1.12 percent after falling on Thursday, but the insurance company UAP fell by 0.57 percent.
His popular and well-respected predecessor retired after serving the maximum possible two terms.
"There was a lack of understanding on North Korea's part about international customs on advance teams and protocol matters," chief South Korean delegate Yoon Yo-Jun told reporters after the talks.
But communist China and Russia recently joined the rest of the world in recognising the capitalist South, which laid industrial foundations after the 1950-1953 Korean War, leaving the North virtually isolated in its claim.
The province in western Romania was transferred from Hungarian to Romanian control under the 1920 Treaty of Trianon, after Budapest backed the losing side in World War I.
The statue has already been the centre of one row, in 1992, when Funar decided to replace a Latin inscription on the base by one in Romanian, finally compromising on both languages after a series of protest marches.
Arafat was due to make a speech at the square later in the day after a ceremonial motorcade drive north from Rafah.
(new series) Arafat sets foot in "Palestine" after 27-year exile by Mona Salem  RAFAH, Gaza Strip, July 1 (AFP)  PLO chairman Yasser Arafat returned to a hero's welcome here Friday after 27 years away from his homeland, amid a massive security operation to thwart attempts on his life.
Arafat was due to make a speech at the square later in the day after a ceremonial motorcade drive north from Rafah.
He was returning almost two months after signing the deal with Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin in Cairo on May 4 which launched Palestinian autonomy in Gaza and the West Bank town of Jericho and ended Israeli rule.
(LONDON) The Czech-born American had chalked up only one tournament win so far this season (when she triumphed at February's Paris Indoor Open), but she has lifted her game since she came to Wimbledon -- especially after the early dismissal of super title favourite Steffi Graf.
She has an astonishing record after 22 visits to the Championships having been beaten only 12 times against 119 victories.
Banks covered some losses they had suffered on Thursday on concerns about narrowing lending margins after an announcement by Abbey National that it was halving its overdraft interest rate.
In pharmaceuticals, Wellcome was off three pence to 587, after the US Food and Drug Administration approved SmithKline Beecham's anti- herpetic drug on Thursday.
In Paris, shares were hesitantly higher in the first part of the Friday session, after opening lower, as the market traded uncertainly in the wake of turbulence on foreign exchange markets, dealers said.
Eurotunnel rose by 1.12 percent after falling on Thursday, but insurance company UAP fell by 0.57 percent.
He called on Arafat, who crossed Friday into the Gaza Strip via Rafah after 27 year of exile, to stay in the self-rule territories.
Arafat was due to make a speech at the square later in the day after a ceremonial motorcade drive north from Rafah.
 reopens (KHAN YUNES) It was the first time Arafat had set foot in his beloved Palestine since shortly after the June 1967 Middle East war when he returned clandestinely to organize a resistance network.
Visiting Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni also said after talks with Mitterrand that the French leader had explained the role of the French troops who intervened in Rwanda on June 23.
The Japan Automobile Dealers Association said the rise followed a 1.7 percent decline in May after sales decreased 6.6 percent in April.
Arafat's long road to Palestine  BEIRUT, July 1 (AFP)  PLO chairman Yasser Arafat returned to the Gaza Strip on Friday, 40 years after issuing his first call for an armed struggle to liberate every inch of his Palestinian homeland.
A workaholic, Arafat toured the globe to plead for his cause and secure funds for his Palestine Liberation Organisation after it was driven out of Lebanon in an Israeli invasion in 1982.
- June 1967: Following the Arab defeat in the Six-Day War, Arafat reappears after two years in hiding with the nom de guerre Abu Ammar.
(BEIRUT) - September 1970: Arafat sets up the PLO's headquarters in Beirut after being chased out of Jordan, where thousands of Palestinians are massacred during confrontations with the Jordanian army.
- September 22, 1978: Arafat is strongly criticised by PLO members after meeting with Jordan's King Hussein for the first time in eight years.
Atherton's departure, after a gritty 307-ball innings, left England struggling on 224 for six, and Rhodes' exit, caught behind by Adam Parore off Dion Nash, left the home side in some trouble.
Atherton, who was batting at the time, spoke to umpires Barry Lambson and David Shepherd along with New Zealand captain Ken Rutherford, about why Martin Crowe went off the field after just a few overs.
Crowe, who had been very doubtful for the match because of a 'flu virus, reappeared after some 20 minutes, but looked in some distress for the rest of the session.
At least 30 boatpeople drown after being fired on  PORT-AU-PRINCE, July 1 (AFP)  At least 30 Haitian refugees drowned Wednesday when a boat carrying some 400 people capsized after it was fired on by police, sources said Friday.
Zielinski was arrested last September after being caught red-handed as he was passing on documents to a Russian contact, the Russian embassy military attache in Warsaw, Vladimir Lomakin.
The evacuation came after the signing of the May 4 Israel-PLO accord launching self-rule in the Gaza Strip and Jericho.
Arafat had not set foot in his beloved Palestine since shortly after the June 1967 Middle East war when he returned clandestinely to organize a resistance network.
Banks were rallying after a drop on Thursday caused by Abbey National's decision to lower its penalty rate on bank overdraughts.
One operator said that the lack of a technical rally on Friday after the sharp 2.29 percent plunge on Thursday - which had been due mostly to technical factors such as settlement of futures and options at the end of the first half-year - "illustrates the confusion now reigning on the financial markets".
The visit occurs three months after French prime Minister Edouard Balladur visited Beijing and put relations back on a normal basis after nearly two years of tension arising from the sale of French fighter aircraft to Taiwan.
   Friday, July 1 (since 0300 GMT)     RAFAH, Gaza Strip: PLO chairman Yasser Arafat returned to a hero's welcome  after 27 years away from his homeland, amid a massive security operation to  thwart attempts on his life.
A salvo of five Katyusha rockets hit  Aden 20 minutes after a midnight (2100 GMT) ceasefire deadline set by the  warring sides following Russian-brokered talks in Moscow.
Several minutes after the opening, the Dow Jones Index of 30 leading industrials was up 18.13 points (O.5 percent) at 3,643.09 points.
But the parole board ordered him back to prison in March 1991 after he committed crimes while free.
The commission said the parole board's review of the Singh case "was not speedy, taking place after a delay of nine months."
Settlers attack Palestinian bus in Gaza Strip  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 1 (AFP)  Jewish settlers attacked a bus carrying Palestinians in the Gaza Strip Friday after PLO chairman Yasser Arafat arrived in the territory for the first time in 27 years.
Murayama acknowledged widespread concern about the stablity of the new coalition between his Social Democratic Party (SDP) and the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), kicked out of office last year after 38 years in power.
    CORDOBA, Argentina, July 1 (AFP) - Standings after the first stage of the  Rally of Argentina on Thursday:     1.
Hingis cops a warning  LONDON, July 1 (AFP)  Martina Hingis, a 13-year-old Czech-born Swiss player, who was named after nine-times women's champion Martina Navratilova, swept into the junior singles semi-finals at Wimbledon on Friday.
HAMAS spearheads the continued struggle against Israel after rejecting the peace process and Palestinian self-rule which was launched on May 4.
With the main roads closed off by police, many others decided to walk it and trickled in after Arafat began his address, just a couple of hours after entering the Strip form Egypt.
After a warning light showed a fault in the right engine of the Japanese-made YS-11, the pilot shut it down before landing shortly after 4:00 p.m. (0700 GMT).
Coffee reaches eight-year boiling point on cold grounds By Olivier Thibault and Heather Prentice  LONDON, July 1 (AFP)  Coffee prices reached boiling point at the beginning of the week -- soaring to their highest level for eight years -- after a cold snap hit Brazil, the world's premier coffee producer.
Dealers bought coffee feverishly after traders said the frost wave should cost Brazil five million to eight million bags of coffee in the 1995-96 season, making a harvest of only 17 million to 21 million bags.
    July 1 (AFP) - The 1500 GMT news advisory:                    Tel: (33-1) 40 41 46 36     GAZA CITY,     Gaza Strip:      A smiling and waving PLO chairman Yasser                      Arafat calls for Palestinian unity                      after electrifying the Gaza Strip with                      his return from 27 years in exile                      Arafat-return, roundup                      700 words around 1530 GMT                      by Barry Parker     JERUSALEM:       Israelis attack a bus packed with                      Palestinians in the Gaza Strip,                      but fail to stage the mass rallies                      they promised in protest at                      PLO chairman Yasser Arafat's                      landmark visit.
Meanwhile, a Jewish extremist group, "The Shield of David," said it murdered a Palestinian man in Jerusalem Friday after his body was found in a forest.
Coffee prices soared to their highest level for eight years after a cold snap hit Brazil, the world's premier producer, at the beginning of the week.
Dealers bought coffee feverishly after traders said the frost wave should cost Brazil five million to eight million bags of coffee in the 1995-96 season, making a harvest of only 17 million to 21 million bags -- a 25 percent cut in production.
Prices rose again after the Brazilian government decided to temporarily suspend exports to "contain" speculation on the world market.
Soya dropped through the 100florins per quintal while the Chicago futures market was affected by a withdrawal of speculators after an announcement of favourable weather conditions for crops.
    July 1 (AFP) - The 1500 GMT news advisory:                    Tel: (33-1) 40 41 46 36     GAZA CITY,     Gaza Strip:      A smiling and waving PLO chairman Yasser                      Arafat calls for Palestinian unity                      after electrifying the Gaza Strip with                      his return from 27 years in exile                      Arafat-return, roundup                      700 words around 1530 GMT                      by Barry Parker     JERUSALEM:       Israelis attack a bus packed with                      Palestinians in the Gaza Strip,                      but fail to stage the mass rallies                      they promised in protest at                      PLO chairman Yasser Arafat's                      landmark visit.
Royal Bank of Scotland said British oil production had diminished by 0.2 percent in May to around 2.44 million barrels per day after an accident on an oil platform.
It gave England a second chance after their fightback on Thursday had looked in danger of floundering in Friday's first session, as they lost three wickets in the opening hour to slump to 235 for seven.
Mike Atherton and Craig White had rallied England late on Thursday, but their 99-run stand ended in Friday's third over after England resumed on 199 for four.
Their jeep, speeding north with Arafat's convoy after he crossed into the Gaza Strip via Rafah, ran off the road.
Atrash left hospital after treatment, but the other four had to be kept in, doctors said.
He was speaking as he returned to the Gaza Strip for the first time in 27 years, and almost two months after he signed the Israel-PLO autonomy accord which launched self-rule on the Strip and in Jericho.
With the main roads closed off by police, many others decided to walk it and trickled in after Arafat began his address, just a couple of hours after entering the Strip from Egypt via Rafah.
Wall Street up 17.16 points at midday  NEW YORK, July 1 (AFP)  Wall Street prices were up at midday Friday in quiet trading, firmed by steadied long-term interest rates after economic figures showed US growth was slowing.
Arafat was due to call his first "cabinet" meeting of the new "ministers" in the Palestinan authority on Friday evening in the seafront Palestine Hotel just a few hours after his triumphant return, the PLO officials said.
Arafat returns to tumultuous Palestinian homecoming by Barry Parker  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 1 (AFP)  A smiling and waving PLO chairman Yasser Arafat called here Friday for Palestinian unity after electrifying the Gaza Strip with his return from 27 years in exile.
Arafat had not set foot in his beloved Palestine since shortly after the June 1967 Middle East war when he returned clandestinely to organize a resistance network.
Arafat was due to call his first "cabinet" meeting of the new "ministers" in the Palestinan Authority on Friday evening in the seafront Palestine Hotel just a few hours after his triumphant return, the PLO officials said.
Forget, who surprised everyone by reaching the Wimbledon quarter- finals after knocking out Jim Courier, wants to avoid aggravating a knee injury on the hard Cannes surface.
Bakker gets out of prison  JESUP, Georgia, July 1 (AFP)  Disgraced former TV evangelist Jim Bakker left prison Friday four and half years after being convicting of defrauding followers out of 158 million dollars.
Rockets slammed into Aden just 20 minutes after a midnight (2100 GMT) ceasefire deadline set by the warring sides following Russian-brokered talks in Moscow Thursday.
The positions on the frontline were unchanged Friday, after northern forces advanced to within one kilometre (less than a mile) of the city Thursday.
The report came hours after the UN Security Council praised the efforts of Russia in the Georgian civil war, in what diplomats said was an implicit UN blessing for the military deployment ordered there by Moscow.
Fighting broke out between Abkazian forces and Georgian government troops in August 1992, one month after the Abkhazian parliament declared sovereignty.
Georgia lost Abkazhia 13 months later after a bloody war that left between 3,000 to 10,000 dead and sparked a wave of close to 250,000 Georgian refugees.
European stock markets mixed - London gains 0.6 percent  LONDON, July 1 (AFP)  Leading European stock markets were mixed on Friday, as prices gained 0.6 percent in London and 0.55 percent in Frankfurt, but the Paris Bourse lost 1.01 percent after having been around the breakeven point a large part of the session.
The London Stock Exchange rallied on Friday after a drop on Thursday, as the Footsie index gained 17.2 points or 0.6 percent on the week's last trading day to end at 2,936.4 points.
As Enterprise Oil's hostile takeover bid for Lasmo expired on Friday, Lasmo gained 1.5 pence on the day to end at 136 while Enterprise was down 9.5 pence to finish at 398.5. Enterprise announced after the market closed that its 1.6-billion- pound bid for competitor Lasmo had failed, as it brought in only 23 percent of the capital.
Charter industrial group shed 26 pence to 673 after going ex-dividend.
In pharmaceuticals, Wellcome remained on a downtrend, losing two pence to 588, while SmithKline Beecham gained two to 408 after announcing US authorization for its new drug against herpes, threatening Wellcome's Zovirax.
Accor lost 3.09 percent on the day after negative comment by JP Morgan and Paribas.
Among the main movements this week, Eurotunnel dropped 19 pence to 261 after postponing the start of passenger traffic till the autumn.
Newpapers, which were particularly hit the prevous week after the Daily Telegraph announced a price cut, rebounded this week.
Charter lifted seven pence to 673 after announcing a friendly takeover bid of 263 million pounds for Swedish group ESAB to be partly financed by a 93 million pound rights issue.
Enterprise Oil dipped 0.5 pence to 398.5 after its hostile takeover bid on British rival Lasmo expired on Friday.
In pharmaceuticals, Wellcome was off 10 pence to 398.5, after the US Food and Drug Administration approved SmithKline Beecham's anti- herpetic drug on Thursday.
Among companies announcing results, Gestetner dropped 26 pence to 144, while travel company Airtours dropped 34 to 454 after publishing half- yearly results in the red.
Enterprise Oil bid for Lasmo fails  LONDON, July 1 (AFP)  British company Enterprise Oil, which specialises in oil and gas exploration, said Friday its 1.6-billion-pound hostile bid for rival Lasmo had failed after it received acceptances for only 23 percent of the share capital.
Enterprise Oil bid for Lasmo fails  LONDON, July 1 (AFP)  British company Enterprise Oil, which specialises in oil and gas exploration, said Friday its 1.6-billion-pound hostile bid for British rival Lasmo had failed after it received options on only 23 percent of the share capital.
Specialists had said earlier the new company would become the world's biggest independent oil exploration company, and the fourth-biggest British oil company, after British Petroleum (BP), Shell and Exxon, with interests in 26 countries.
Aluminium soars to March 1991 closing high  LONDON, July 1 (AFP)  Prices on the London Metals Exchange rose further on Friday after aluminium soared to a closing high since March 1991, encouraged by a massive drawdown in stocks, dealers said.
Aluminium rose 13 dollars to 1,511 dollars per tonne after expectations of large stock downdraws were confirmed.
Copper was five dollars higher at 2,442 dollars per tonne after a feeble downdraw in stocks and as dealers worried that the dollar's collapse could see higher US interest rates.
"Negotiations are slowly progressing and we hope to achieve a ceasefire in the near future," Beye said after a meeting with President Robert Mugabe of neighbouring Zimbabwe in Harare Friday.
The country has been constantly at war since 1975, save for a 16-month lull after 1991 peace accords.
UNITA resumed fighting in 1992 soon after losing UN-supervised elections to the ruling MPLA government.
Meanwhile, police said knife parts found at the Chicago Airport where Simpson flew after the murders were probably unrelated to the slayings of Nicole Simpson, 35, and Ronald Goldman, 25.
The lira firmed to 994.50 to the mark in late afternoon against 996.50 Thursday evening, after weakening to 1,000 to the mark in the morning.
The Belgian mission which will be sent to the central African nation after France made a request to the Belgian defense ministry last week will be entirely humanitarian and limited in time.
Belgium has said that it will not send any new troops to Rwanda to help end the three-month civil war there after it evacuated its 430 peacekeepers two weeks after the outbreak of the violence.
Hingis cops a warning  LONDON, July 1 (AFP)  Martina Hingis, a 13-year-old Czech-born Swiss player who was named after nine-times women's champion Martina Navratilova, swept into the junior singles semi-finals at Wimbledon on Friday.
Castera, seeded eleven, recovered after a shaky start to beat Melanie Schnell of Austria 4-6, 6-2, 6-4 Hingis, who picked up a warning for racket abuse in the last game of the match, had to work hard to stop her tiny, unseeded Russian opponent.
"There could well be a follow-on ministerial meeting later in July after the parties have had some time to reflect on what the ministers had approved."
South Africa scoreboard  HOVE, England, July 1 (AFP)  Final scoreboard after the three-day South Africa tour match against Sussex here on Friday: South Africa first innings A.C. Hudson c Moores b Jarvis    2 G.
He is planning to fly to Rio for a few days after Brazil's July 4 clash with USA at Stanford Stadium.
"Maybe after a while my flame will be rekindled and I'll come back."
"I am the happiest woman in the world," shouted 28-year-old Faten Massud after listening to the Palestinian leader call for unity in his first speech on the Gaza Strip.
Atrash was released from hospital after being treated for cuts and bruises, but the others were kept in.
Arafat in state of "euphoric happiness"  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 1 (AFP)  PLO chairman Yasser Arafat was in a "state of euphoric happiness" after returning to a triumphant welcome to the Gaza Strip on Friday, his chief adviser said.
    "I'm overwhelmed to be back in Formula One after three years away," he  said, while Briatore added: "I don't want Ligier to be Benetton's B team, but  a French team that wins."
He becomes the third man to leave cash-strapped  Marseille for Italy in the last two months, after Didier Deschamps (Juventus)  and Jocelyn Angloma (Torino).
With the hosts already 1-0 up after the first two Tests, only a spectacular turn-around can prevent Mike Atherton from securing his first series victory as captain.
Although Angus Fraser could not prolong the splendidly spirited resistence for long, England's total was comfortingly high after Thursday's low of 104 for four.
Argentine officials dropped Maradona from their roster Thursday after he tested positive for five banned drugs, all related to the stimulant ephedrine.
Kosmina, who played for Australia in two World Cup campaigns, added: "He must have known he would be a target for testing after he had already served time for another offence before this."
It was a "part of a conspiracy to discredit the superstar," the supporters alleged after marching through Pabna district's major streets, the United News of Bangladesh agency reported.
The 45-year-old D'Alema won the leadership after getting 249 votes at a national council meeting although Veltroni had been seen as the grassroots choice, emerging as favourite in a poll of party activists by fax this week.
Occhetto, the previous leader, stepped down last month after the party suffered an electoral setback in the June 12 European elections.
Israel annexed East Jerusalem after the 1967 Middle East war and declared Jerusalem the "eternal capital" of the Jewish state.
Under terms of the draft text, UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros- Ghali will choose the members of an impartial commission of experts, which would report its conclusions after a four-month investigation.
Olazabal back on course  MOUNT JULIET, Ireland, July 1 (AFP)  Comeback king Jose Maria Olazabal is on course to add the Irish Open to his US Masters and PGA titles after a second successive round of 68 here on Friday.
Faldo, seeking his fourth successive Irish crown, is still only four off the pace after a 71 but Severiano Ballesteros, another three-time winner, has seven strokes to make up after a quite remarkable 76.
Faldo stood six under after hitting a two-iron 255 yards from the rough to 10 feet for an eagle at the long fifth but said: "It was a struggle after that."
US Open champion Ernie Els could not make progress and only just scraped past the halfway cut on level par after a 73.
Merbold will return along with the other three after a month in space.
The "cabinet" session of new "ministers" in the Palestinan authority began Friday night in the seafront Palestine Hotel just a few hours after the chairman's triumphant return.
The announcement came a day after Freeh and Hungarian police chief Sandor Pinter signed an agreement providing for information exchange and the creation of a joint data bank on organised crime.
"That was the case in 1982 when we won after playing terribly in the first round and it was the case in the group where our best match was against Norway when we had everything to lose.
"I was also very disappointed that we failed to control the match against Mexico after we took the lead.
He was also fined for receiving illegal medical treatment off court after asking for a toilet-break during a particularly tough third- round clash against Javier Frana of Argentina.
"I think they agreed with me, however," quipped Becker after the match adding that all the controversy about his behaviour during the event hadn't affected him.
But their persistence was rewarded in the 63rd minute when Lombi scopped the ball into the net after a scramble with the Dutch defence in disarray.
Earlier, Dutch goal ace Floris Bovelander was temporarily suspended for dissent, but was brought back on after five minutes.
Coach Panagoulias, 59, has spent the past week drinking from a poisoned chalice of personal abuse after Greece were beaten 4-0 by both Argentina and Bulgaria.
He launched into them again in a bitter attack after their despondent performance against Bulgaria.
The weakest ever European qualifier, Greece only claimed their place in the finals after Yugoslavia pulled out.
The release of the names of all involved was delayed until after their families had been informed, they said.
The dollar traded at 98.65 yen in New York, up from 98.47 late Thursday, after hitting historic lows against the Japanese currency this week.
(new series) At least 30 boatpeople drown after being fired on  PORT-AU-PRINCE, July 1 (AFP)  At least 30 Haitians drowned Wednesday when a boat carrying some 400 people fleeing the impoverished country capsized after it was fired on by police, sources said Friday.
The trouble started as England captain Mike Atherton, at the crease with a seventh Test hundred to his name, objected when Crowe left the field after just a few overs.
Boston players Mo Vaughn and Damon Berryhill grabbed Hobson after he began shoving umpire Larry Barnett in a 10-4 loss to the New York Yankees on Tuesday.
Hobson was thrown out of the game by home plate umpire Greg Kosc after coming onto the field to argue a warning to Boston pitcher Sergio Valdez.
Hobson ran for Kosc after the injection when Barrett stepped between them, prompting Hobson to shove Barnett trying to get at Kosc.
Since Hobson took over for Joe Morgan after the 1991 season, only Seattle and California have suffered more AL losses than the Red Sox and those teams both switched managers.
Russell helped the home side to 166 for nine, a tiny lead of 13, after they had been made to follow-on.
   (new series)     CORDOBA, Argentina, July 1 (AFP) - Standings after eight of Friday's 11  special sections in the second stage of the Rally of Argentina:     1.
The comments, bound to stir up more trouble in Israel, came after his top adviser Nabil Shaath effectively ruled out a foray to Jerusalem, which the Palestinians want to share as a joint capital.
The "cabinet" session of new "ministers" in the Palestinan authority was due to begin Friday night in the seafront Palestine Hotel just a few hours after the chairman's triumphant return.
The Scotsman was forced to abandon after a barnstorming start to the day, winning all four of the opening special sections and moving up from fifth place to fourth overall.
Sainz, who jointly leads the world championship with Finn Juha Kankkunen, had a one second lead over the first Toyota Celica driver, Frenchman Didier Auriol, after eight of the day's 11 specials.
    July 1 (AFP) - The 2100 GMT news advisory:     GAZA CITY,     Gaza Strip:      A smiling and waving PLO chairman Yasser                      Arafat calls for Palestinian unity                      after electrifying the Gaza Strip with                      his return from 27 years in exile                      Arafat-return, roundup                      750 words moved.
Christie powered through at the death after Watkins and then Drummond had forced the pace.
World 110m hurdles champion Colin Jackson had no problem at all after a hamstring injury, which kept him out for a month and forced him to miss Britain's European Cup success in Birmingham.
Mubarak was speaking at Al-Arish airport, after he had accompanied Arafat to the Rafah border crossing to the Gaza Strip.
Activist thrown overboard as Greenpeace confronts Norwegian whaler  LONDON, July 1 (AFP)  Norwegian whalers threw a Danish Greenpeace activist overboard after five activists boarded a vessel in the North Sea, in protest against commercial whaling, the London office of Greenpeace said Friday.
Britain's Steve Backley pulled out of the competition after one throw with a recurrence of a old groin injury and expects to be out for a fortnight.
The Egyptian President said Arafat's entrance into Gaza was an introduction to establishing his authorities there, and that he believed Arafat would return to Gaza for good after his trip to Paris.
The victims' bodies were found 10 minutes after midnight.
The judge cut short the session after the prosecution complained there was insufficent time to review taped witness interviews produced by the defense.
In the first round, nine teams have lost after extended journeys.
But even he could not keep up, dropping one trip after Maradona's doping scandal became known.
   (Correcting ex-Port-au-Prince)     In Haiti-boat please read in lead x x x after police fired warning shots,  sources said Friday (clarifying to show it was warning shots)     pm/rl 
The White House meeting also came amid reports that at least 30 Haitians drowned Wednesday when a boat carrying some 400 refugees capsized after police fired warning shots at the vessel.
Blue chips post modest gain for week  NEW YORK, July 1 (AFP)  Blue-chip stocks posted a modest gain for the week as investors consolidated their positions after the sharp losses a week earlier.
Balladur visited the former Nazi death camp at Auschwitz and the southern city of Krakow after brief talks with his Polish opposite number Waldemar Pawlak and President Lech Walesa.
Clinton, speaking in an interview with German television, said Arafat's return to Gaza after a 27-year absence "is a tribute to the courage of the Israelis and the Palestinians, and to their leaders -- to Mr. Arafat and to (Israeli) Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin."
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio, July 1 (AFP)  Scores after the first round of the 550,000-dollar LPGA Youngstown Classic here Friday (USA unless noted): 67 - Tammie Green 68 - Tina Tombs, Colleen Walker, Dottie Mochrie, Caroline Keggi, Jean Zedlitz, Julie Larsen 69 - Barb Thomas, Val Skinner, Kay Cockrill, Cathy Johnston-Forbes, Katie Peterson-Parker, Kim Shipman, Marty Dickerson, Muffin Spencer- Devlin, Rosie Jones ...
It also comes shortly after lawmakers here legalized abortion, a practice opposed by the church.
The final decision concerning the agreement would then have to be taken up by parliament after the adoption of a new constitution and no later than the end of 1995.
Green takes LPGA lead  YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio, July 1 (AFP)  Tammie Green, a two-time winner last year on the LPGA Tour, fired a five-under par 67 here Friday for a one-stroke lead after the first round of the 550,000-dollar Youngstown Classic.
Brazil easily qualified after winning two and drawing one of their group matches, but the Brazilian press has heaped criticism on their supposed lack of style.
American goalkeeper Tony Meola said a penalty shootout after a draw could be America's greatest hope.
Maradona returned to Boston from Dallas, Texas, on Friday, a day after he was kicked out of the Cup for using five banned drugs.
His wife, Claudia, who had been staying near the team's Cup headquarters here, picked him up at the airport, where the distraught star arrived after a night that included only two hours of sleep.
Atrash, Palestinian head of the military liaison committee with Israel, was lightly injured with cuts and bruises and was allowed to leave the Khan Yunes Nasser hospital after treatment.
Their jeep, speeding north with Arafat's convoy after he crossed into the Gaza Strip via Rafah, ran off the road.
Price's best shot came when he holed a 40-foot bunker shot to save par on the fourth hole after sending his tee shot into the water.
Three- time Western winner Tom Watson is among six others three strokes behind after knocking down two bunker shots, one from 80 feet.
The event is the second-oldest pro golf event in the United States after the US Open, celebrating its 90th anniversary.
Abiola was jailed June 24 on treason charges after he declared he was forming a government to coincide with the anniversary of the 1993 elections which were annulled by the military government.
Last Thursday the federal high court here ordered the government to produce Abiola in court on July 4 after the military junta failed to heed a similar order that day.
The first court order was issued after the wife of the detained politician, Kudiratu Olayinka Abiola, filed a suit aimed at securing her husband's release.
"One fan was ejected from the first game for throwing a smoke bomb on the pitch and another was arrested after trying to take a trooper's gun from him in the next game," she said.
Kohl to bring pressure on Major to accept Dehaene  LUXEMBOURG, July 2 (AFP)  German Chancellor Helmut Kohl will bring heavy pressure next week on British Prime Minister John Major to accept Jean-Luc Dehaene as the next head of the European Commission, the German and Luxembourg foreign ministers said here after talks Friday.
The injury, suffered in the first half against South Korea, forced his substitution after the interval.
Rufai gets down to business for Nigeria by Charles Whelan  MASSACHUSETTS, July 1 (AFP)  Peter Rufai saw the light after he scored two goals for his schoolboy team in Nigeria.
My mates told me to stay there and I have ever since -- no regrets," says the 30-year-old who is looking for a new club in Germany or England after finishing his contract with Dutch club Deventer Go-Ahead Eagles.
A 12-year veteran of the side, capped 79 times for Nigeria, Rufai came to the World Cup with a glowing reputation after helping the side win the 1993 African championship.
In the next game Rufai was criticised after he failed to gather a Gabriel Batistuta drive and the rebound fell to Claudio Caniggia, allowing him to score Argentina's first goal in a 2-1 win.
If we lose everybody will see the World Cup as a fiasco," said Dahlin, back after missing the match against Brazil because of collecting two yellow cards.
It is important for Swedish soccer to have a good world championship," said Ingesson shortly after the team arrived here.
Mitterrand will be the first western head of state to visit the country since President Nelson Mandela's inauguration on May 10, after the massive victory of Mandela's African National Congress (ANC) in the historic April 26-29 all-race vote.
First Deputy President Thabo Mbeki severely criticised De Klerk, the second deputy, after the former president questioned the wisdom of establishing a judicial commission to expose the dirty tricks of the old order.
Amin, like Dahlin, missed his side's final group match after collecting two yellow cards but the enforced rest could prove to be a blessing in diguise.
The team that takes the field against Sweden will be dictated by the Royal Princes, not coach Jorge Solari, brought in from Argentina after Dutchman Leo Beenhakker was sacked when he criticised some of his players.
 (AFP)     GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip: A smiling and waving PLO chairman Yasser Arafat  called for Palestinian unity after electrifying the Gaza Strip with his return  from 27 years in exile.
An aide said Arafat was in a "state of euphoric happiness" after  returning to a triumphant welcome to Gaza.
The White House meeting also came amid reports  that at least 30 Haitians drowned Wednesday when a boat carrying some 400  refugees capsized after police fired warning shots at the vessel.
Szimkus was arrested in 1989, and condemned to death in December 1993 after being found guilty of spying.
He was pardoned last month by Iran's spiritual leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei after strong pressure from Germany, Iran's leading trade partner.
The support rate was far lower than the 56.8 percent given to the cabinet of Murayama's predecessor Tsutomu Hata shortly after he came to power in late April.
On Tuesday, the two Koreas agreed on the summit in Pyongyang after former US president Jimmy Carter brokered direct inter-Korean contact by visiting the two capitals in mid-June.
The judicial authorities suspect money was diverted to fund political activities after contracts totalling 19.2 million Belgian francs (590,000 dollars) were awarded to a polling institute, INUSOP, in 1989, when Claes was minister for economic affairs.
Security tightened after Bangladeshi minister attacked  DHAKA, July 2 (AFP)  Security was stepped up Saturday in Bangladesh's northeastern Sylhet district after a car carrying Jute Minister Hannan Shah was attacked by fundamentalist activists.
A 14-member delegation of top US officials, including Hershel Gober, deputy secretary at the department of veterans affairs and Winston Lord, the assistant secretary of state for East Asian and Pacific affairs, began talks after being briefed by search teams on Friday.
The US side is to "urge Hanoi to step up all of its efforts, both joint and unilateral to help us find the answers the families deserve," Gober said after his arrival Friday.
Arafat prepares to rediscover his homeland by Barry Parker  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 2 (AFP)  PLO chairman Yasser Arafat prepared Saturday to rediscover the Gaza Strip after 27 years away and to greet Arab notables who supported his struggle.
His first full day back home after a triumphant return Friday was to be devoted to the time-honoured Arab tradition of receiving sheikhs, business leaders and political figures at the seafront Palestine Hotel.
But at mid-morning Arafat was still asleep, according to PLO officials, after he appealed for Palestinian unity, held his first "cabinet" meeting in Gaza and a press conference which ended just before two a.m..
The comments, bound to stir up more trouble in Israel, came after his top adviser Nabil Shaath effectively ruled out a foray to Jerusalem, which the Palestinians want to share as a joint capital.
The 14-member delegation, including Hershel Gober, deputy secretary at the department of veterans affairs and Winston Lord, the assistant secretary of state for East Asian and Pacific Affairs, held four hours of talks after being briefed by members of the US military search team.
The US side is to "urge Hanoi to step up all of its efforts, both joint and unilateral to help us find the answers the families of deserve," Gober said after his arrival Friday.
Engineers begin repairing war-damaged Marib oil equipment  SANAA, July 2 (AFP)  Engineers have started repairing a pumping station in the Marib oil field east of the Yemeni capital Sanaa after it was damaged in an air raid by southern warplanes, the official northern news agency SABA reported Saturday.
Postal union calls off strikes after agreement  FRANKFURT, Germany, July 2 (AFP)  Negotiators in Germany's postal dispute reached agreement overnight on employment guarantees when the service is privatized in 1995, ending a month-long work slowdown, a union source said Saturday.
Senior German envoy arrives in Tehran after engineer freed  TEHRAN, July 2 (AFP)  A senior German envoy arrived here Saturday only hours after the release of a German engineer, Helmut Szimkus, who was sentenced to death in 1993 for spying for Iraq then pardoned last month.
Szimkus was arrested in 1989, and condemned to death in December 1993 after being found guilty of spying.
He was pardoned last month by Iran's spiritual leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei after strong pressure from Germany, Iran's leading trade partner.
"In principle we do not prevent anyone praying in Jerusalem, but even after Arafat arrives (there) Jerusalem will remain our unified capital," Peres said.
Israel annexed Arab East Jerusalem after the 1967 Arab-Israeli war, proclaiming the city as the unified capital of the Jewish state.
The fighting has flared in defiance of a one-month ceasefire which took effect on June 10, after talks led by UN special envoy for Yugoslavia, Yasushi Akashi.
    CORDOBA, Argentina, July 2 (AFP) - Standings after Friday's second stage  of the Rally of Argentina:     1.
Suharto tells press to uphold "nation's interest" after ban  JAKARTA, July 2 (AFP)  President Suharto said Saturday that the Indonesian mass media, still reeling from the banning of three weeklies, should uphold "the nation's interest" and avoid fomenting unrest.
Officials of the two Koreas were signing the 14-point agreement at the border truce vilage of Panmunjom after overcoming sticky protocol issues and TV coverage of the summit, scheduled July 25-27 in Pyongyang.
Officials of the two Koreas signed the 14-point agreement at the border truce vilage of Panmunjom after overcoming sticky protocol issues and rules on television coverage of the summit, scheduled for July 25-27 in Pyongyang.
Arafat to tour refugee camp where Palestinian revolt erupted by Acil Tabbara  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 2 (AFP)  PLO chairman Yasser Arafat prepared Saturday to re-discover the Gaza Strip after 27 years away with a visit to the refugee camp where the Palestinian revolt began, his spokesman said.
"This is just a preview," Shaath said, adding that Arafat would return for good with his wife Suha after a trip to Paris on Wednesday where he will meet Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and Foreign Minister Shimon Peres.
Shaath revealed that Arafat ate a frugal meal of white cheese and water melon at two o'clock in the morning and went to bed two hours later after a marathon day of triumphant return.
Auriol gunning for victory  CORDOBA, Argentina, July 2 (AFP)  Frenchman Didier Auriol was lining up his second victory of the season here on Saturday, after chasing down Carlos Sainz in the Rally of Argentina.
Former Albanian prime minister Adil Carcani, and former deputy prime minister Manush Muftiu, were given a five years suspended sentence, after their lawyers claimed that both were in poor health.
Minutes after the Dostam jet bombed the deserted Old Microrayon housing estate and an annex to the defence ministry, a pro-Rabbani jet dropped four bombs on the Hezb-occupied part of Maranjan hill, local troops told reporters.
Pole position for Mansell, after only one day's practice and two qualifying days in the car, would be little short of extraordinary.
    July 2 (AFP) - The 1000 GMT news advisory:                    Duty editor: Nancy Shields                    Tel Paris (33-1) 40.41.46.36     GAZA CITY,     Gaza Strip:    PLO chairman Yasser Arafat prepares                    to re-discover the Gaza Strip after                    27 years away, with a visit to the                    refugee camp where the Palestinian                    revolt began.
reopens (MAGNY COURS) Mansell, who won the world title with Williams in 1992, said he had been optimistic the car could be improved after his seventh place in Friday's qualifying.
Peres, who will be making his first visit to Uzbekistan after the two countries established diplomatic relations in February 1992, was to visit an Israeli-funded center that assists emigrants.
Palestinian police free two Israeli TV guards  JERUSALEM, July 2 (AFP)  Two guards hired by Israeli television were released early Saturday after being held for six hours by Palestinian police on the orders of PLO chairman Yasser Arafat, an Israeli radio official said.
The spokesman described the area as calm early Saturday after a night of gun battles which started at midnight between pro-African National Congress (ANC) residents and inmates of migrant workers hostels, mostly supporters of the Zulu-based Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP).
Meanwhile, engineers began repairing a pumping station in the Marib oil field east of Sanaa after it was damaged in an air raid by southern warplanes, the official northern news agency SABA reported.
Massive police hunt for kidnapped newborn baby  NOTTINGHAM, Britain, July 2 (AFP)  Police launched a massive hunt around Nottingham in the British Midlands Saturday, after the kidnapping of a newborn baby from one of the biggest hospitals in the country.
The kidnapping provoked nationwide concern and renewed a long-running debate over hospital security, which surfaced after similar incidents or attacks against staff.
Saudi team members will now have to build extensions on their garages -- the royal family gave each player a Mercedes after qualifying for the finals.
(changing dateline) German engineer freed by Iran arrives back home  FRANKFURT, July 2 (AFP)  A German engineer released by Iran after being held captive for five years on spying charges arrived at Frankfurt airport in western Germany Saturday.
A senior German envoy arrived in Tehran Saturday only hours after the engineer's release.
He was pardoned last month by Iran's spiritual leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei after strong pressure from Germany, Iran's leading trade partner.
The ultimatum comes after President Daniel arap Moi declared the strike politically motivated and said his government would not negotiate with the strikers, but would instead recruite foreign doctors from India and Pakistan to replace the estimated 3,000 doctors currently on strike.
Kiwis face follow on  MANCHESTER, England, July 2 (AFP)  New Zealand look set to be asked to follow on by England captain Mike Atherton, after being bowled out for 151 just before lunch on the third day of the third Test here on Saturday.
French Grand Prix start grid  MAGNY-COURS, France, July 2 (AFP)  Starting grid for the French Grand Prix on Sunday after Saturday's final qualifying practice here: 1st row Damon Hill (GB) Williams-Renault 1:16.282 Nigel Mansell (GB) Williams-Renault 1:16.359 2nd row Michael Schumacher (Germany) Benetton-Ford 1:16.707 Jean Alesi (France) Ferrari 1:16.954 3rd row Gerhard Berger (Austria) Ferrari 1:16.959 Eddie Irvine (Northern Ireland) Jordan-Hart 1:17.441 4th row Rubens Barrichello (Brazil) Jordan-Hart 1:17.482 Jos Verstappen (Neths) Benetton-Ford 1:17.645 5th row Mika Hakkinen (Finland) McLaren-Peugeot 1:17.768 Heinz-Harald Frentzen (Germany) Sauber-Mercedes 1:17.830 6th row Andrea de Cesaris (Italy) Sauber-Mercedes 1:17.866 Martin Brundle (GB) McLaren-Peugeot 1:18.031 7th row Olivier Panis (France) Ligier-Renault 1:18.044 Ukyo Katayama (Japan) Tyrrell-Yamaha 1:18.192 8th row Eric Bernard (France) Ligier-Renault 1:18.236 PierLuigi Martini (Italy) Minardi Scuderia Italia 1:18.248 9th row Mark Blundell (GB) Tyrrell-Yamaha 1:18.381 Christian Fittipaldi (Brazil) Footwork-Ford 1:18.568 10th row Johnny Herbert (GB) Lotus-Mugen Honda 1:18.715 Erik Comas (France) Larrousse-Ford 1:18.811 11th row Michele Alboreto (Italy) Minardi Scuderia Italia 1:18.890 Gianni Morbidelli (Italy) Footwork-Ford 1:18.936 12th row Alessandro Zanardi (Italy) Lotus-Mugen Honda 1:19.066 David Brabham (Australia) Simtek-Ford 1:19.771 13th row Olivier Beretta (France) Larrousse-Ford 1:19.863 Jean-Marc Gounon (France) Simtek-Ford 1:21.829 Did not qualify Bertrand Gachot (France) Pacific-Ilmor 1:21.952 Paul Belmondo (France) Pacific-Ilmor 1:23.004 
Sorry Kiwis set to follow on  MANCHESTER, England, July 2 (AFP)  New Zealand faced the prospect of being asked to follow on as they made their way into the Old Trafford pavilion for lunch after being bowled out for 151 by England here on Saturday.
The Kiwis were left depending on the under-the-weather Martin Crowe for survival after slumping to 113 for six.
Crowe, who made a brave unbeaten 33 after a day of misery in the field, reported that he was feeling a little better after his 'flu bout during the past week.
Craig White relieved DeFreitas after 70 minutes, and his second delivery pushed New Zealand even deeper into the mire.
International aid halted after attack on food convoy  KAMPALA, July 2 (AFP)  The World Food Programme (WFP) said Saturday it had suspended operations to feed some 200,000 Sudanese refugees in northern Uganda after an attack on a WFP convoy which left three people dead.
Kiwis follow on  MANCHESTER, England, July 2 (AFP)  New Zealand were asked to follow on by England captain Mike Atherton after lunch on the third day of the third and final Test match at Old Trafford on Saturday.
"In principle we do not prevent anyone praying in Jerusalem, but even after Arafat arrives (there), Jerusalem will remain our unified capital," Peres said.
Israel annexed Arab East Jerusalem after the 1967 Arab-Israeli war, proclaiming the city as the unified capital of the Jewish state.
AAPO leader Asrat Woldeyes was handed a two-year prison sentence last week after calls to topple the government.
Tribesmen force Arab militants out of Pakistan  PESHAWAR, Pakistan, July 2 (AFP)  A band of armed Arab militants have fled into Afghanistan after a 10-day confrontation with Pakistani tribesmen that left eight dead and an unknown number injured, residents said Saturday.
A siege was laid by the tribes after the foreigners refused to vacate the area.
Thousands of Arab volunteers had come to Afghanistan to fight the 1979-89 Soviet military occupation and stayed on in the region after the Afghan mujahedeen finally ended communist rule in Kabul in April 1922.
Jericho prepares again for Arafat visit by Nejla Sammakia  JERICHO, West Bank, July 2 (AFP)  Palestinians in the self-rule enclave of Jericho are gearing up again for a visit by PLO chairman Yasser Arafat, after initial disappointment over his decision to go to Gaza first.
Arafat arrived in the Gaza Strip Friday to a tumultuous welcome after 27 years of exile.
Mannesmann chief probed for fraud  DUSSELDORF, Germany, July 2 (AFP)  The Dusseldorf public prosecutor opened an embezzlement inquiry into the head of the building group Mannesmann, Werner Dieter, after allegations against him appeared in the press, a court spokesman said Saturday.
A year after Governors Island accord, Haiti's crisis deeper by Dominique Levanti  PORT-AU-PRINCE, July 1 (AFP)  Haiti's prospects for a solution to its political crisis have nearly disappeared in the hate-filled impasse left by a shattered peace accord signed a year ago.
At the time, the Governors Island accord -- named after the island in New York Harbor where it was signed July 3, 1993 -- seemed like a surprise breakthrough in the complicated crisis sparked by a 1991 military coup.
Washington pushed for reimposition of an oil and arms embargo against Haiti that had been lifted after Haiti's parliament had accepted Aristide's choice of Malval for premier.
War broke out between Saleh's forces and those of his southern rival Ali Salem al-Baid on May 5, shattering four years of uneasy unity after former North and South Yemen merged.
(AFP)     FRANKFURT: A German engineer released by Iran after being held captive for  five years on spying charges arrived at Frankfurt airport.
Management negotiator Frerich Goerts described the agreement as "an extremely solid compromise (which) leaves enough oxygen to tackle the competition after privatisation."
The US diplomat also said the US Embassy here has stressed to Russian leaders its concern that human rights must be respected in Russia, after President Boris Yeltsin signed an anti-crime decree on June 14, allowing police to detain suspects for up to 30 days.
The ICJ's demand comes a day after the security council voted to set up a commission of enquiry into Rwanda.
Hill and Mansell too quick for Schumacher  MAGNY COURS, France, July 2 (AFP)  Britain's Damon Hill took pole position for the French Grand Prix in his Williams-Renault on Saturday after a dramatic fight with his "guest" teammate ex-world champion Nigel Mansell.
Germany's Michael Schumacher, still the race favourite in his Benetton-Ford after winning five of this season's six races, was third on the grid after a troubled day.
Mansell set pole time first after 11 minutes of the session, but Hill took it on his first run after qualifying was stopped to remove Verstappen's car.
                   Arafat-Gaza,roundup                    700 words around 1630 GMT                    by Sakher Abu Eloun     JERICHO, West Bank:                    Palestinians in the self-rule enclave of Jericho                    gear up again for a visit by PLO chairman Yasser                    Arafat, after initial disappointment over his                    decision to go to Gaza first.
The South Africans totally dominated the battle of the also-rans, condemning the Malaysians to last place after losing all six of their games and conceding 30 goals in the process.
Kohl has called a special summit in Brussels for July 15 to resolve the matter after British Prime Minister John Major vetoed the Franco- German favourite Jean-Luc Dehaene at last month's EU Corfu summit, saying he would never accept him because of his federalist views.
Witnesses said three men and a woman accosted Escobar, 27, as he came out of a nightspot just days after returning from the tournament, where highly-touted Colombia were eliminated in the first round.
The attackers fled in two all-terrain vehicles after the 3:30 a.m. (0830 GMT) attack.
But he relented after the president of the Colombian Football Federation urged the coach to heed the threat.
Nasreen gained prominence after the Dhaka government banned her book "Lajja" or Shame saying it was blasphemous and offended Islamic sentiment.
Barely three weeks after the killings, at least one book and television movie are already in the works on the former football star, actor and television commentator who has pleaded innocent to the murder charges.
Boardman, a time-trial specialist, was always touted as one of the favourites to take the prologue after six wins this season, five of them in solo rides.
War broke out between Saleh's forces and those of his southern rival Ali Salem al-Baid on May 5, shattering four years of uneasy unity after former North and South Yemen merged.
The agreement was reached by the parties under the chairmanship of the National Elections Commission after months of wrangling.
Radwan Abu Ayash, head of the corporation, said he was trying to link up with PLO chief Yasser Arafat in Gaza for a radio message, a day after his historic return to a tumultuous welcome.
The radio and television station operates out of a rented residential building in fields outlying central Jericho which it moved to after temporarily using a downtown hotel.
Abu Ayash said he expected the radio and television to function fully after moving to main studios in a building in Ramallah which was a radio station under Jordanian rule before Israeli occupation in 1967.
"We expect that after the second phase of negotiations...a solution will be possible," Abu Ayash said.
Witnesses said three men and a woman accosted Escobar, 27, as he came out of a nightspot just days after returning from the tournament, where highly-touted Colombia were eliminated in the first round.
The attackers fled in two all-terrain vehicles after the 3:30 a.m. (0830 GMT) attack.
But he relented after the president of the Colombian Football Federation urged the coach to heed the threat.
In November 1989, a referee, Alvaro Ortega, was shot and killed in the streets of Medellin by gunmen after a match between two Colombian clubs -- Medellin and America.
"But I expect offers after the tournament," said Al Jawad.
Coach Jorge Solari, hired after Argentinian president Carlos Menem recommended him to King Fahd, is banking on his side's speed to upset the slow-footed Swedish defence.
And after our success in Group F players have lots of confidence," said Solari, who had only two and a half months to prepare the side for the World Cup.
As expected defender, Thomas Helmer took over from Stefan Effenberg, sent home in disgrace earlier this week after a provocative gesture to German fans during last Monday's 3-2 win over South Korea in Dallas.
Boardman, a time-trial specialist, was always touted as one of the favourites to take the prologue after six wins this season, five of them in solo rides.
But after displays against Ireland and Mexico that were among the least inspired he has ever produced in the blue shirt of his country, that kind of extravagant praise has become a rapidly fading memory.
Political analysts were not surprised at Trovoada's decision after weeks of wrangling.
World Cup notebook  LOS ANGELES, California, July 2 (AFP)  Saturday's World Cup diary Popcorn sales flop Caterers at Chicago's Soldier Field have come to realise two things about visiting World Cup fans after two weeks of matches.
"We couldn't give away peanuts and we took popcorn off the menu after the second game here," says Kevin Haggerty, who runs the vending services at the home of the Chicago Bears American football team.
Soldiers beat Palestinian boy after army pelted with stones  KHAN YUNES, Gaza Strip, July 2 (AFP)  Palestinian police fired in the air to restore order after Israeli soldiers who were pelted with stones beat a young boy, witnesses said.
   Irish open scores     MOUNT JULIET, July 2 (AFP) - Leading scores after the third round of Irish  Open here on Saturday (GB and Ireland unless stated):     204 - Robert Allenby (Australia) 68-68-68     207 - Nick Faldo 69-71-67, Jose-Maria Olazabal (Spain) 68-68-71     208 - Paul Moloney 71-70-67, Pers-Ulrik Johansson (Sweden) 72-69-67,  Bernhard Langer (Germany) 70-68-70, Mike Harwood (Aus) 69-69-70     209 - Alberto Binaghi (Italy) 69-70-70, Craig Parry (Australia) 70-69-70,  Peter Baker 70-68-71     210 - John McHenry 73-71-66, Martin Gates 70-74-66, Paul Lawrie 68-73-69,  Steven Richardson 71-70-69     211 - Ernie Els (S Africa) 71-73-67, Rodger Davis (Australia) 74-69-68,  Domingo Hospital (Spain) 69-71-71, Thomas Levet (France) 71-69-71, Mike  Clayton (Australia) 68-71-72, John Daly (USA) 70-68-73, Gary Evans 70-68-73,  Sam Torrance 65-73-73     212 - Frank Nobilo (N Zealand) 73-72-67, Greg Turner (N Zealand) 73-70-69,  Ian Palmer (S Africa) 69-72-71, Colin Montgomerie 70-70-72, Eduardo Romero  (Argentina) 69-71-72     213 - Wayne Riley (Australia) 72-72-69, Jose-Maria Canizares (Spain)  75-68-70, Anders Gillner (Sweden) 70-72-71, Sandy Lyle 71-71-71, Ruben Alvarez  (Argentina) 71-71-71, Nic Henning (S Africa) 73-68-72, Mike McLean 70-70-73,  Tony Johnstone (Zimbabwe) 68-69-76     214 - Sven Struver (Germany) 69-74-71, Seve Ballesteros (Spain) 67-76-71,  Diego Borrego (Spain) 68-74-72, Craig Cassells 67-75-72, Brian Nelson (USA)  69-71-74, Lee Westwood 68-71-75     215 - Mathias Gronberg (Sweden) 68-72-75     Selected:     216 - Ronan Rafferty 72-71-73, Peter Hedblom (Sweden) 71-71-74     217 - Retief Goosen (S Africa) 74-70-73, Ollie Nordberg (Sweden) 71-72-74,  Jay Townsend (USA) 71-71-75     218 - Steve Bowman (USA) 70-74-74, Mike Miller 70-71-77, Peter O'Malley  (Australia) 70-68-80     219 - Robert Karlsson (Sweden) 69-73-77     225 - John Bland (S Africa) 74-71-80     dm/tl94 
The left-back, who is on RWD Molenbeek's books, was recalled to the side for the World Cup after last playing at international level in the mid 1980s.
Stephen Keshi, the veteran captain of the side, made a poor impression after being recalled against Greece in place of Eguavoen.
Martinez, who was just one year old when her opponent was making her Championship debut back in 1973, said after her victory: "There are no words to explain it.
But after this, it's going to be my favourite surface."
"I would have been sad even if I had won," said Navratilova after the match, "But I gave it all I had and I have nothing to hang my head about.
Referring to a long hug the two players shared after the match, Navratilova said: "Her feet were going lower and lower.
Navratilova, who fought off tears and blew a kiss to the crowd after her defeat, made it clear she had had no second thoughts about retiring.
reopens (LONDON) Australians Todd Woodbridge and Mark Woodforde retained the men's doubles crown when they stormed back after a shaky start to beat second-seeds Grant Connell of Canada and Patrick Galbraith of the United States 7-6 (7/3), 6-3, 6-1.
Martina Hingis, the 13-year-old Czech-born Swiss girl who was named after Navratilova, reached Sunday's junior women's singles final when she came back to beat French opponent Amelie Castera of France 3-6, 6-4, 6-1.
The US deliberations came amid reports that at least 30 Haitians drowned Wednesday when a boat carrying some 400 refugees capsized after police fired warning shots at the vessel.
The 34-year-old opened the score in the sixth minute after heading on a great pass from skipper Lothar Matthaus and chipping over Belgian goalkeeper Michel Preud'homme.
It was just the tonic the troubled Germans were seeking after indifferent form in the first round, culminating in the surprise demotion to the substitutes' bench of veteran left back Andreas Brehme.
The ICJ's demand came a day after the security council voted to set up a commission of inquiry into acts of genocide in Rwanda.
Rijkaard, left out of Holland's final Group F win over Morocco for tactical reasons, injured a knee and Van Vossen his right calf but after treatment both completed the training session held in stifling temperatures at the Citrus Bowl.
Three people were killed and 189 injured in clashes Tuesday after an estimated 30,000 people poured into Mexico City streets at the end of the match between Mexico and Italy.
Settlers and rightwingers said they would hold a mass demonstration late Saturday -- after the end of the Jewish Sabbath -- in opposition to any visit by Arafat to Jerusalem.
LOS ANGELES, California, July 2 (AFP)  Leading World Cup goalscorers after Germany's 3-2 win over Belgium on Saturday.
Tapie was held on charges of misusing company assets and tax evasion, less than 12 hours after his parliamentary immunity from prosecution was lifted.
Meanwhile Arafat received a delegation of Israeli Arab and Jewish academics Saturday at Gaza City, where he returned after 27 years of exile on Friday.
Barely three weeks after the killings, at least two books have been published and a television movie is in the works on the former football star, actor and sports commentator who has pleaded innocent to the murder charges.
Several foreign economic delegations, mostly from Europe, have visited Iraq recently to prepare for a possible lifting of the UN embargo imposed on Baghdad after its invasion of Kuwait in August 1990.
Voller, in his 89th international, opened the score in the sixth minute after heading on a great pass from skipper Lothar Matthaus and chipping over Preud'homme.
Witnesses said three men and a woman accosted Escobar, 27, as he came out of a nightspot just days after returning from the tournament, where highly touted Colombia were eliminated in the first round.
The attackers fled in two all-terrain vehicles after the 3:30 a.m. (0830 GMT) attack.
But he relented after the president of the Colombian Football Federation urged the coach to heed the threat.
Aussie Allenby firmly in front  MOUNT JULIET, Eire, July 2 (AFP)  Robert Allenby, one of the rising stars of world golf, stood firm to forge a three-shot lead after the third round of the Irish Open here on Saturday.
US Masters winner Jose-Maria Olazabal, joint half-way leader with Allenby after two 68 rounds, lost ground after scoring 71.
He was in the rough after blocking his drive, and a five-iron second which he tried to hit "as hard as I could as far as I could" ran up to within 10 feet of the flag.
Arafat returned to the Gaza Strip on Friday after 27 years of exile.
As Mike Atherton's men prepared to kill off the Kiwis, the South African fast bowler, who will be their spearhead in the forthcoming Test series, finished with five for 49 after Hampshire had chosen to bat first.
Newcomer Giles White, making his Hampshire debut, and Kevan James added a further 63 for the fifth wicket to prevent Hampshire surrendering after their solid start.
Donald returned with the new ball to have White caught at the wicket by Richardson for a promising 30, and then induced James to give Andrew Hudson a catch in the slips after scoring 42.
The meeting of the committee, which was set up by the Declaration of Principles between Israel and the PLO in September, was announced the day after PLO chief Yasser Arafat made an historic return to the autonomous Gaza Strip after 27 years in exile to.
The tourists, forced to follow on after being bowled out for 151, were still 26 runs adrift at 205 for five in their second innings at the close of play in the third and final Test match.
Jericho prepares again for Arafat visit by Nejla Sammakia  JERICHO, West Bank, July 2 (AFP)  Palestinians in the self-rule enclave of Jericho are gearing up again for a visit by PLO chairman Yasser Arafat, after initial disappointment over his decision to go to Gaza first.
Arafat arrived in the Gaza Strip Friday to a tumultuous welcome after 27 years of exile.
And England, one up in the series after winning the first Test and drawing the second, appeared to be heading for their first three-day Test win since Australia crumbled at Melbourne in 1986.
At the close of play the Kiwis, at 205 for five after following on and were still 26 runs behind England's first innings total of 382.
The Argentine Football Association dropped Maradona after he tested positive for five banned drugs, all related to the stimulant ephedrine, which is a decongestant used in many cold remedies.
FIFA suspended him indefinitely from international football, and said they would make a further ruling on his future after the World Cup.
Middlesex triumphed by an innings and 96 runs after only three days of the championship match.
Sutter out for Swiss  WASHINGTON, July 2 (AFP)  Switzerland made a last-minute change when they replaced Alain Sutter with Thomas Bickel after coach Roy Hodgson decided Sutter's toe injury would not stand up to 90 minutes of their World Cup second-round match with Spain here on Saturday.
War broke out between Saleh's forces and those of his southern rival Ali Salem al-Baid on May 5, shattering four years of uneasy unity after former North and South Yemen merged.
    JERICHO,     West Bank:     Palestinians in the self-rule enclave of Jericho                    gear up again for a visit by PLO chairman Yasser                    Arafat, after initial disappointment over his                    decision to go to Gaza first.
Driving a Toyota Celica, he beat former world champion Sainz by just six seconds overall after a titanic duel.
The Sanaa spokesman said all southern attacks on northern positions around Aden failed and accused the secessionists of continuing to violate a ceasefire, announced in Moscow on Thursday which collapsed after several hours like five others before it in the two-month civil war.
The Swiss were understandably furious about Hierro's goal after 15 minutes.
They had Nadal, sent off in their opening game for the kind of foul he escaped with here, back after suspension and the defence was also strengthened with Rafael Alkorta returning from injury.
Hierro also started the match, after being a substitute in their last group game against Bolivia, and Enrique replaced Julio Salinas.
Switzerland made one last-minute switch when they replaced Alain Sutter with Thomas Bickel after coach Roy Hodgson decided Sutter's toe injury would not stand up to 90 minutes.
Several days after the attack in the northeastern city, Tehran also accused Baghdad of commissioning the attack.
Escobar, 27, was shot at point-blank range as he left a nightspot in his hometown just days after returning from the tournament, where the highly touted Colombian team was eliminated in the first round, witnesses told police.
The attackers fled in two all-terrain vehicles after the 3:30 a.m. (0830 GMT) attack.
But he relented after the president of the Colombian Football Federation urged the coach to heed the threat.
Brazilian coach Carlos Alberto Parreira refused to comment after Rai and Zinho were left out of the side in the second half of a practice game at the Santa Clara University on Saturday.
Fernando Hierro struck after 15 minutes and Luis Enrique, always a threat in attack, added the second in the 73rd minute.
However, Andoni Goikoetxea shot against the post with only Pascolo to beat after a flowing move, starting with the lively Enrique's pass to Ferrer, had split the Swiss defence.
Andoni Zubizarreta had to produce the game's best save after 65 minutes with an instant reaction stop to push away for a corner Adrian Knup's first-time lunge at substitute Jorg Studer's cross.
Zubizarreta kept a Chapuisat shot out after 71 minutes but a couple of minutes later Spain made certain of victory.
(new series)  LOS ANGELES, California, July 2 (AFP)  World Cup goalscorers after Saturday's World Cup matches 6: Oleg Salenko (Russia) 5: Jurgen Klinsmann (Germany) 3: Gabriel Batistuta (Argentina), Martin Dahlin (Sweden), Romario (Brazil), Hristo Stoichkov (Bulgaria) 2: Philippe Albert (Belgium), Fuad Amin Anwar (S Arabia), Daniel Amokachi (Nigeria), Georges Bregy (Switzerland), Jose Luis Caminero (Spain), Claudio Caniggia (Argentina), Luis Garcia (Mexico), Andoni Goikoetxea (Spain), Gheorghe Hagi (Romania), Hong Myung-Bo (South Korea),  Florin Raducioiu (Romania),  Adolfo Valencia (Colombia), Rudi Voller (Germany) 1: John Aldridge (Ireland), Sami Al Jaber (S Arabia),  Emmanuel Amunike (Nigeria), Kennet Andersson (Sweden), Dino Baggio (Italy), Bebeto (Brazil), Aitor Begiristain (Spain), Dennis Bergkamp (Holland), Daniel Borimirov (Bulgaria), Tomas Brolin (Sweden), Mohamed Chaouch (Morocco), Stephane Chapuisat (Switzerland), Marc Degryse (Belgium), David Embe (Cameroon), Luis Enrique (Spain), George Finidi (Nigeria), Herman Gaviria (Colombia), Josep Guardiola (Spain), Fernando Hierro (Spain), Ray Houghton (Republic of Ireland), Hwang Sun-hong (South Korea), Wim Jonk (Holland), Adrian Knup (Switzerland), Yordan Letchkov (Bulgaria), Roger Ljung (Sweden), Harold Lozano (Colombia), Diego Maradona (Argentina), Roger Milla (Cameroon), Hassan Nader (Morocco), Francois Omam-Biyik (Cameroon), Saeed Owairan (Saudi Arabia), Dan Petrescu (Romania), Dimitri Radchenko (Russia), Rai (Brazil), Kjetil Rekdal (Norway), Karlheinz Riedle (Germany), Brian Roy (Holland), Julio Salinas (Spain), Erwin Sanchez (Bolivia), Marcio Santos (Brazil), Seo Jung-Won (South Korea), Samson Siasia (Nigeria), Nasko Sirakov (Bulgaria), Ernie Stewart (USA), Alain Sutter (Switzerland), Gaston Taument (Holland), Eric Wynalda (USA), Rashidi Yekini (Nigeria) Own goal: Andres Escobar (Colombia) bdb94 
Earlier Saturday thousands of Jews gathered at the Wailing Wall in Jerusalem to pray and protest against any future visit here by Arafat, who made a triumphant return to the Gaza Strip Friday after a 27-year absence.
Under pressure from FIFA, the Argentine Football Association dropped Maradona after he tested positive for five banned drugs, all related to the stimulant ephedrine, which is a decongestant used in many cold remedies.
Mahum al-Kahhut decided to reopen his cake shop in Jabalia after the Israelis left in mid-May.
"Jordan will make its decision after examining the Israeli proposals for this commission," he said.
He scored after five minutes when he latched on to a Lothar Matthaus pass.
Voller, who was coaxed back into the national team last May by Vogts after retiring in the wake of the 1990 World Cup, admitted he was exhausted, even though the game was played in cool temperatures.
Police using teargas dispersed about 100 demonstrators after stopping them from entering the Old City through the Damascus Gate.
The rally only attracted about 10,000 people late Saturday, after organisers forecast that about 250,000 would attend, but there was plenty of rhetoric, including calls by the crowd for the death of Arafat and Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin.
Earlier Saturday thousands of Jews gathered at the Wailing Wall in Jerusalem to pray and protest against any future visit here by Arafat, who made a triumphant return to the Gaza Strip Friday after a 27-year absence.
He scored after five minutes when he latched on to a Lothar Matthaus pass.
Voller, who was coaxed back into the national team last May by Vogts after retiring in the wake of the 1990 World Cup, admitted he was exhausted, even though the game was played in cool temperatures.
Spain's crucial first goal came immediately after Van der Ende allowed Miguel Nadal to hack down Stephane Chapuisat as he bore down on goal.
The national team, who came here with high hopes of presenting a new image of the country, had returned home after a disappointing tournament.
A plan to pay bonuses of 3,000 dollars per World Cup victory only to those who played the match, instead of the entire squad of 22, has been scrapped after player protests, the sources said.
(BOSTON) Westerhof said after the Greece game: "When he trains well and is on time for training he may play."
Even after the side qualified for the World Cup, a senior sports official announced on state television that he would be sacked.
Cruyff put the blame on Zubizarreta after his team's 4-0 thrashing by AC Milan in the European Cup final and the goalkeeper signed for Valencia earlier this week.
Spain should have stretched their lead in the 49th minute when Andoni Goikoetxea shot against the post with only Pascolo to beat after another rapid counter-attack.
Play was halted after a four-hour rain break.
Price pipped for lead  LEMONT, Illinois, July 2 (AFP)  Journeyman Greg Kraft carded a four-under-par 68 here Saturday to take a one-shot lead over Zimbabwe's Nick Price after three rounds of the Western Open golf tournament.
(new series) Brazil plan their own Fourth of July fireworks by Mark Oakley  SAN FRANCISCO, July 1 (AFP)  Six years to the day after the United States was awarded the World Cup, the US team get the chance to prove just how far they've come when they take on mighty Brazil for a place in the quarter-finals.
"The delegation stressed that further steps in relations between the two nations depend on additional tangible progress on POW/MIA cases," said Hershel Gober, deputy secretary of veterans affairs, after the talks.
Netzler locked horns recently with the local daily, the Samoa Observer, after it published a report leaked from the treasury about the local carrier Polynesian Airlines.
"We have two European teams playing here so the conditions will affect us both, unlike our game against Morocco," added Advocaat of the closing Group F game they won only after a mighty scrap.
Terry Phelan should return at left-back after suspension and allow Steve Staunton back into midfield even though Charlton admits he is the player suffering most in the heat.
But teenager Gary Kelly could continue at right-back even though Denis Irwin is available again after a one-match ban.
Woman dies from wounds inflicted by Imam "exorcising" her  ROUBAIX, France, July 3 (AFP)  Three people, including an Imam, were arrested here Saturday and charged with killing a 19-year old woman who died after being tortured for hours by the Imam who claimed he was exorcising her.
Louisa Lardjoune, of Algerian origin, died Friday after her brother Tahar, 44, convinced that she was possessed by the devil, called in Imam Mohammed Kerzazi, 33, to exorcise her.
The victim's ordeal began Thursday after the Imam arrived at her family's home and allegedly started forcing her to drink litres (gallons) of salted water and beating the soles of her feet with a reed.
Police  using teargas dispersed about 100 demonstrators after stopping them from  entering the Old City through the Damascus Gate.
 The rally only attracted about 10,000 people late Saturday, after organisers  forecast that about 250,000 would attend.
Escobar, 27, was shot at  point-blank range as he left a nightspot in his hometown just days after  returning from the tournament, where the highly touted Colombian team was  eliminated in the first round, witnesses told police.
Ju defended the "revolutionary base of the northern half of Korea" after the Korean peninsula was divided under superpower occupation after Japan's surrender in World War II, KCNA said.
The first, from winger Emile N'Tmack, followed an interception and 70m sprint to the line after 29 minutes.
Cambodian rebel prince leaves country  PHNOM PENH, July 3 (AFP)  Rebel Prince Norodom Chakrapong, escorted to the aiport under armed guard Sunday, left Cambodia for Malaysia after troops loyal to him and a former minister were foiled in a bid to march on the capital.
The tourists, 20-16 down and apparently doomed to defeat, launched an counter-attack from their own 22 metres after fly-half Steve Bachop had missed touch.
The French had been roundly written off in the run-up to the first Test after a shock defeat to Canada, on top of a luke-warm Five Nations campaign.
Any All Black hopes that the French would sit back on their laurels were wiped out as early as the first minute, when Thierry Lacroix put over his first penality from 35 metres after skipper Sean Fitzpatrick handled in the game's opening ruck and was penalised by Welsh referee Derek Bevan.
France hit back, however, with the first of their two tries, after constant New Zealand attacks foundered in midfield.
N'Tmack intercepted a looped pass from Bachop and gallopped 70 metres, outpacing John Kirwan to touch down after 29 minutes.
(AUCKLAND) The home side, however, continued to make basic handling errors in attack, spilling a series of passes until Fitzpatrick, leading from the front, was bundled over by his pack after a relentless charge on 55mins.
If Mains, who pledged he would not quit after the first Test defeat, survives the aftermath of this second humiliation for New Zealand rugby, he will be under renewed scrutiny almost immediately.
India's "supercop" under fire for attack on journalists  NEW DELHI, July 3 (AFP)  India's best-known police officer is under fire over the thrashing of two journalists at a press conference called by him after his election as the chief of the country's hockey federation.
Journalists Rahul Banerjee and Abhijit Das of The Statesman newspaper were repeatedly fisted, punched, thrown on the floor and kicked by Gill's supporters after they asked questions on hockey which reportedly embarrassed the officer.
Gill, who lists sports among his hobbies, was elected Thursday chief of the Indian Hockey Federation after a ruling party politician who wanted to challenge him withdrew from the race at the eleventh hour.
The tourists, 20-16 down and apparently doomed to defeat, launched an counter-attack from their own 22 metres after fly-half Steve Bachop had missed touch.
The French had been roundly written off in the run-up to the first Test after a shock defeat to Canada, on top of a luke-warm Five Nations campaign.
Fahrudin Sehic, 51, reopened for business two days ago after spending much of the war in Croatia and Germany.
Prince leaves Cambodia after troop march on capital fails  PHNOM PENH, July 3 (AFP)  Prince Norodom Chakrapong, escorted to the aiport under armed guard, left Cambodia for Malaysia on Sunday after troops loyal to his cause were stopped from marching on the capital.
Three female officials visited Jalgaon in western India on Saturday to question the police, local activists and parents of the girls, who were secretly photographed after being drugged and forced to have sex in a hotel.
The Hindu newspaper said the investigators would also meet the girls, who had been blackmailed into prostitution and were acting in x-rated movies after being trapped.
The devices were lobbed at the building in the Sankt Pauli district about half an hour after midnight.
(picture) Rebel prince leaves Cambodia after march on Phnom Penh foiled by Kevin Barrington  PHNOM PENH, July 3 (AFP)  Rebel Prince Norodom Chakrapong left Cambodia on Sunday after troops loyal to his cause were stopped from marching on the capital by government forces.
He was put on a flight to Malaysia after making what US ambassador Charles Twining called "an amical settlement" with the government.
Scottish anaesthetist Richard McGown, 57, is due to appear in Harare's High Court to face five counts of culpable homicide after waves of emotional attacks on him by members of parliament and demonstrating university students.
McGown was arrested in March last year after a parliamentary committee reported that he had carried out unauthorised experiments on more than 500 unsuspecting patients and that some of them had died as a result.
University students later demonstrated in the streets of the capital, Harare, after a local newspaper reported that Princess Diana, the Queen's daughter-in-law, had intervened to have McGown's bail conditions eased during a visit to Zimbabwe.
They accuse local whites of failing to become true Zimbabweans after 14 years of independence and of refusing to share their land and wealth with the black majority.
Overnight Saturday right wing groups held demonstrations here to protest the Palestine Liberation Organisation (PLO) chairman's return to the Gaza Strip after 27 years in exile.
Kittlaus told The Observer that after reunification, Stasi agents "realised they could no longer count on state funding...so they privatised themselves."
Meanwhile Arafat, the chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organisation, received a delegation of Israeli Arab and Jewish academics Saturday at Gaza City, where he returned after 27 years of exile on Friday.
On Sunday, meanwhile, the Bangkok Post, citing unnamed sources, said the number-two at the US Embassy here was being transferred to India after the White House objected to a trip he made to the Thai-Burma border in April.
Such attacks have become increasingly frequent since Moslem fundamentalists began a guerrilla war against the authorities in January 1992, after the army intervened to cancel elections the Islamic Salvation Front was poised to win.
The Tahhafuze Harmine group threatened to lay a seige to the US embassy after accusing Washington of hurting Moslem sensibilities by supporting the writer.
The doctor-turned-writer gained prominence after the government banned her book "Lajja," or Shame, saying it was blasphemous and offended Islamic sentiments.
Despite expectations of a rush of Japanese investment after President Bill Clinton lifted the US trade embargo in February, Japan slipped from fifth to seventh among foreign investors since March, while Singapore and Malaysia moved up the list.
    CORDOBA, Argentina, July 3 (AFP) - World championship standings after the  Rally of Argentina:     Drivers     1.
The Australian government announced in May it would start to dispose of the country's 4.4-million pound (2-million kilogram) uranium stockpile after suspending sales in October 1991 due to depressed prices.
Production is expected to rise to 500 million cans a year after the fourth year, with 80 percent of production sold in Vietnam, the report said.
Israeli right tries to block cabinet meeting amid Arafat visit by Charly Wegman  JERUSALEM, July 3 (AFP)  Thousands of Israeli rightwingers tried to block Sunday's cabinet meeting after an overnight mass rally in which they smashed windows and called for the death of "traitor" Yitzhak Rabin and Yasser Arafat.
Arafat made his triumphant return to Gaza on Friday after 27 years in exile and almost two months after he and Rabin signed the May 4 accord in Cairo launching limited autonomy in Gaza and Jericho in the West Bank.
Police using teargas dispersed the protestors and made several arrests after preventing them from entering the Old City through Damascus Gate, authorities said.
The current fighting is taking place despite a one-month ceasefire which took effect on June 10, after talks led by UN special envoy for former Yugoslavia, Yasushi Akashi.
Shamsedeen made the remark in a meeting with Iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati on Saturday a day after arriving for a visit to Iran, it said.
(changing dateline) Four hurt in firebomb attack; windows smashed in mosque  HANNOVER, Germany, July 3 (AFP)  Two Turkish suspects were arrested overnight after an attack on a Turkish mosque here, a spokeswoman for the police said Sunday.
A suspected member of the separatist Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) was arrested in Hamburg Saturday after causing some damage in a firebomb attack on a police station.
The attacks came after police accidentally killed a 16-year-old Kurdish youth in a scuffle here Thursday.
Two 18- and 19-year-old Turks were released after questioning.
In the last such attack overnight Saturday firebombs were lobbed at the Turkish cultural center in Hamburg's Sankt Pauli district about half an hour after midnight.
Police vehicles were also damaged and windows of several police stations smashed in other German cities late Saturday In Oldenburg, four people were arrested after firebombing three parked police cars.
In nearby Saarlouis, a firebomb failed to go off after it was thrown into a police car.
(picture) Rebel prince leaves Cambodia after coup attempt fails by Kevin Barrington  PHNOM PENH, July 3 (AFP)  Prince Norodom Chakrapong left Cambodia Sunday after a coup attempt by troops loyal to his cause was foiled by government forces.
Hours after around 200 heavily-armed troops were stopped from entering Phnom Penh, the prince, a son of King Norodom Sihanouk and deputy prime minister in the last communist government, was taken under armed escort to Phnom Penh airport.
He was put on a flight to Malaysia after making what US ambassador Charles Twining called "an amical settlement" with the government.
Canadian-based Bank of Nova Scotia had indicated last month that it would divest 51 percent of its stake in its Malaysian branch to locally listed Idris Hydraulic after it was locally incorporated to earn a listing on the local bourse.
Passengers were evacuated after the explosion which occurred between two stations at around 8:30 a.m. (0330 GMT), the Turan news agency quoted the ministry as saying.
The South Korean suffered his first defeat after 18 victories.
But they were still there way after midnight, along with a sizeable crowd outside the Palestine Hotel, waiting for a promised press conference or even a word from an aide about the next day's programme.
The previous night the Arabic press got lucky and were ushered in to see Arafat for a few minutes, after one a.m..
In the audience room, shouts of praise echo after each tiny speech by Arafat: "O Arafat, we will sacrifice our blood and soul for you."
Fighting started shortly after midnight Saturday between pro-African National Congress (ANC) township residents and inmates of migrant worker hostels, mostly supporters of the Zulu-based Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP).
The death toll from political unrest decreased dramatically after all- race elections in April which swept the ANC to power, but violence monitors have expressed concern that fighting is edging up again in the townships east of Johannesburg.
Passengers were evacuated after the explosion which occurred between stations at around 8:30 a.m. (0330 GMT) and caused a fire, the Turan news agency quoted the ministry as saying.
Arafat was also expected to tour the town and refugee camp of Rafah after receiving more Arab delegations at the seafront Palestine hotel, which has been turned into temporary PLO headquarters for the five-day visit.
Arafat gave a thunderous speech on Friday shortly after his triumphant homecoming and followed that up with another address on Saturday in the Jabalia refugee camp.
The leading par were six strokes behind overnight leader Nobuo Serizawa after three rounds.
It was Auriol's second victory this season after winning the Corsica Rally in May.
Kankkunen, the reigning world champion, remains third overall after being forced out of the race on Saturday with mechanical trouble.
                   Arafat-protests,2ndlead                    600 words around 1115 GMT                    by Charly Wegman     PHNOM PENH:    Prince Norodom Chakrapong, a son of                    Cambodian ruler King Norodom Sihanouk, quits                    the country after the failure of an attempted                    coup by troops loyal to his cause.
"He is not in danger, his bullet-proof vest absorbed most of the impact," said the doctor at the Roi Faycal hospital, where he was brought right after the incident.
Israeli right demands Rabin's head by Charly Wegman  JERUSALEM, July 3 (AFP)  Israeli rightwingers held more protests Sunday after drawing 10,000 people to a vandalism-marred rally at which they called for the deaths of "traitor" Yitzhak Rabin and Yasser Arafat.
"We are going to show our strength day after day.
The crowd denounced the "shameful accord" Rabin and Arafat signed in Cairo on May 4, launching Palestinian self-rule in Gaza and Jericho and paving the way for Arafat's return on Friday after a 27-year exile.
Police using teargas dispersed the crowd and made several arrests after preventing people from entering the Old City through Damascus Gate, authorities said.
"Reconstruction and development is the most important issue," he told reporters after cutting an inaugural ribbon at the plant.
The first packs of juice were produced just three weeks ago in experimental runs, after a three-year battle with the Israeli army for an operating permit rendered useless once self-rule took hold last month.
He was also expected to tour the town and refugee camp of Rafah or Khan Yunes after receiving more Arab delegations at the seafront Palestine hotel, which has been turned into temporary PLO headquarters for the five-day visit.
Since they entered Kabul in April 1992 after the defeat of the Russians and Afghan communists, various mujahedeen factions have fought among themselves for control of the capital.
French celebrate historic win  AUCKLAND, New Zealand, July 3 (AFP)  France were celebrating their promotion to being a major power in world rugby after a historic victory over the All Blacks here on Sunday.
Hong Kong officials issue cholera alert  HONG KONG, July 3 (AFP)  Hong Kong authorities have issued a cholera alert after health inspectors found traces of the bacteria which causes the disease in a restaurant's fish tanks, news reports said Sunday.
Harada, making his first podium finish of the season after a string of niggling injuries, was waving his fists in delight after crossing the finish line.
Had the race been any longer, the Japanese rider could well have caught his German rival, after working his way up to the front of the field.
The Palestine Liberation Organisation leader will fly over Israeli territory when a helicopter takes him to Jericho from Gaza, where he arrived on Friday after a 27-year exile, a Palestinian official added.
"He is not in danger, his bullet-proof vest absorbed most of the impact," said the doctor at the Roi Faycal hospital, where he was brought right after the incident.
In May, an Indian clone of Playboy was asked to stop publication by a court here after Playboy Enterprises Inc.
The furore was sparked last month with the publication in the local press of a picture featuring Vice Minister of Health Udomsilp Srisaengnam holding a basin containing a foetus after a raid at one of the capital's numerous illicit abortion clinics.
Some countries, including France, are pushing for an in-depth debate on strenghtening international monetary cooperation, 50 years after the Bretton Woods conference established a stability that was to last until 1971.
On Thursday, barely 24 hours after Murayama's election at the head of a three-party coalition, US Trade Representative Mickey Kantor announced a 30-day delay in imposing economic sanctions against Japan over its failure to liberalise government procurement of telecommunications and medical equipment.
"I believe that we can reach a breakthrough," Murayama said after appointing his cabinet, referring to his expected meeting with Clinton before the summit.
Despite hopes for a breakthrough with Washington, some reckon the new unholy alliance between conservatives and socialists will slow the pace of change championed by the two coalitions which ruled Japan after the conservative Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) lost power last year after four decades.
He told a press conference that Chiluba unwillingly appointed him vice president after the 1991 multi-party elections and had since then been slowly sidelining him making his post virtually "irrelevant."
Mwanawasa, one of Zambia's most outstanding lawyers, was involved in a serious accident just a month after his appointment.
"The president has lost his voice this afternoon after all these speeches ...
"I had to repeat after him so that everybody could listen to what he said.
Arafat gave a thunderous speech on Friday shortly after his triumphant homecoming and followed that up with another address on Saturday in the Jabalia refugee camp.
Prince Norodom Chakrapong left Cambodia on Sunday morning, hours after between 200 and 300 soldiers loyal to him were thwarted in a bid to march on Phnom Penh.
A co-conspirator, former interior minister Sin Song, was under house arrest after the bid.
Two South Africans were temporarily suspended after a midfield flare- up in the 51st minute, when the Springboks, having reduced the deficit to 2-1, were seeking an equaliser.
But Lombi made it 3-1 for Argentina in the 63rd minute after combining well with Falcheto, before Clark, back from suspension, scored South Africa's second from another Pullen pass.
"Sanaa and Aden drugstores were almost bare of essential drugs and the conditions now after two months of war are shocking," said Ginawi.
French and Americans in Henley triumphs  HENLEY, England, July 3 (AFP)  The French national coxless four squad beat London Rowing Club by a length and a half after leading all the way in the final of the Stewards Cup at the Royal Regatta here on Sunday.
It was not immediately known why he pulled up after the first try.
"I will be the first person to go and clean up Gaza City by myself," Arafat said Sunday after another triumphant drive round.
Arafat, after urging self-reliance and admitting he returned home with empty pockets, turned to western countries Saturday night in a bid to get some quick aid money.
"He warned us that the euphoria would not last long," said Belgium's consul-general from Jerusalem after diplomats met the PLO chief.
   Sunday, July 3 (since 0300 GMT)     JERUSALEM: Israeli rightwingers held more protests after drawing 10,000  people to a vandalism-marred rally at which they called for the deaths of  "traitor" Yitzhak Rabin and Yasser Arafat.
(AFP)     PHNOM PENH: Prince Norodom Chakrapong left Cambodia after a coup attempt  by troops loyal to his cause was foiled by government forces.
Hours after  around 200 heavily-armed troops were stopped from entering Phnom Penh, the  prince, a son of King Norodom Sihanouk and deputy prime minister in the last  communist government, was taken under armed escort to Phnom Penh airport and  put on a flight to Malaysia after making what US ambassador Charles Twining  called "an amical settlement" with the government.
(AFP)     HANNOVER, Germany: Two Turkish suspects were arrested after an attack on a  Turkish mosque here, a spokeswoman for the police said Sunday.
A suspected member of the separatist Kurdistan Workers Party  (PKK) was arrested in Hamburg Saturday after causing some damage in a firebomb  attack on a police station.
The attacks came after police accidentally killed  a 16-year-old Kurdish youth in a scuffle here Thursday.
It was the first time Ivanisevic had lost a tie-break since the Championships began after winning all six previous set deciders.
Guinea-Bissau's first multi-party elections open late by Jean Houtongbe  BISSAU, July 3 (AFP)  Guinea-Bissau's first multi-party presidential and parliamentary elections opened Sunday after a lengthy delay which members of the National Electoral Commission blamed on logistical problems.
If no candidate gets the required amount, a run-off between the two top candidates must be held 21 days after publication of the official results.
On Sunday French troops evacuated some 600 Rwandan children from an orphanage after UNAMIR obtained a green light from the RPF, the general staff said in a statement from its headquarters in the Zairean border town of Goma.
The children were being transferred to other Rwandan towns to be looked after by nuns, a well-informed source said.
Pakistan's attacks generated more momentum after the break, but the well-drilled German defence held firm, and with 12 minutes to go Jan- Peter Tewes put the issue beyond doubt by converting a short corner.
Rebel prince quits Cambodia after failed coup by Kevin Barrington  PHNOM PENH, July 3 (AFP)  Prince Norodom Chakrapong, a son of King Norodom Sihanouk, left Cambodia on Sunday after government troops thwarted a coup attempt, officials said.
The first drama came after the 20th lap, when the rear end of Alessandro Zanardi's Lotus burst into flames and the Italian swept round the circuit belching fire before track officials brought out the extinguishers.
The Englishman returned briefly to third after the rest of the pack stopped for refuelling, but the challenge was short-lived.
The next car to catch fire was Mika Hakkinen's McLaren-Peugeot, the engine overheating after the water-supply sprang a leak and forcing the Finn to join his teammate Martin Brundle as a spectator.
(MAGNY-COURS) The only other driver apart from Hill to threaten Schuamcher was Berger, who was rewarded with his third podium finish of the season after Monaco and the Pacific Grand Prix in Japan.
Abdoujaporov survives crash to win second stage  ARMENTIERES, France, July 3 (AFP)  Djamolidin Abdoujaparov won the second stage of the Tour de France after the mass sprint ended in a huge crash.
The Iran Air airbus was hit by two missiles fired from the cruiser USS Vincennes on July 3, 1988, shortly after taking off from Bandar Abbas to Dubai, in the United Arab Emirates.
They broke off diplomatic ties in 1980 after Iranian radical students seized the US embassy in Tehran and took its staff hostage.
Event favourites Miguel Indurain of Spain and Tony Rominger of Switzerland also avoided the collision, but Belgian Nelissen and Frenchman Laurent Jalabert, a seven stage winner in the Tour of Spain this year, were both knocked out after their falls and out of the race.
Jalabert had a face injury while Nelissen, in yellow for three days in last year's event after winning the second stage, was believed to have damaged his collar bone.
Arafat arrived in the Gaza Strip on Friday after a 27-year exile, and was originally due to travel to the West Bank town of Jericho on Monday.
Shaath said Arafat would return to Gaza after his visit to Jericho.
It was not immediately known why he pulled up after the first try.
Saggiori made his first judgement after recording an Italian television programme which showed some pages of the notebooks.
Schumacher said he had been worried after qualifying because of some car problems, ''but I was pretty sure we were going to fix them and we did''.
Event favourites Miguel Indurain of Spain and Tony Rominger of Switzerland also avoided the collision, but Belgian Nelissen and top Frenchman Laurent Jalabert, a seven-stage winner in this year's Tour of Spain, were both knocked out after their falls.
Jalabert, bleeding badly after doing a somersault over his handlebars and landing on his head, had a suspected fractured jaw and nose while Nelissen, in yellow for three days in last year's event after winning the second stage, was believed to have damaged his collar bone.
(pictures) Arafat revels in Palestinian acclaim  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 3 (AFP)  PLO chairman Yasser Arafat lost his voice Sunday but not his evident delight in the adulation of his people on drive after drive round the property of his self-rule domain.
"The president has lost his voice this afternoon after all these speeches ...
"Reconstruction and development is the most important issue," he told reporters after cutting an inaugural ribbon at the plant.
Schwantz led for the first four laps, after a flying start from the second row on the grid, before being chased down by Doohan and Cadalora.
"I really didn't expect to finish on the rostrum after qualifying seventh," said Schwantz.
"Even after Mick and Luca passed me I was able to race with them for a while.
In the 250cc category, German rider Ralf Waldmann celebrated his first victory after moving up from 125cc.
(MUGELLO) Harada, making his first podium finish of the season after a string of niggling injuries, was delighted.
Dutch win hockey series  AMSTERDAM, July 3 (AFP)  The Netherlands won the Seven Nations Trophy hockey series here on Sunday after drawing 2-2 with Australia in their final match.
India's "supercop" orders probe into attack on journalists  NEW DELHI, July 3 (AFP)  India's best-known police officer on Sunday ordered a probe into the thrashing of two reporters at a news conference called by him after his election as the chief of the country's hockey federation.
"Supercop" Kanwar Pal Singh Gill ordered the enquiry into the beating of the two sport reporters after he came under scathing attack from a journalists' forum and others who demanded his immediate suspension from service.
The tough officer, credited with crushing Sikh militancy in Punjab, issued the statement after the Delhi Union of Journalists (DUJ) on Saturday demanded his suspension for failing to stop the attack on the reporters here a day earlier.
Reporters Rahul Banerjee and Abhijit Das of The Statesman newspaper were repeatedly punched and kicked by Gill's supporters after they asked questions on hockey which reportedly embarrassed the officer.
Gill, who lists sports among his hobbies, was on Thursday elected chief of the Indian Hockey Federation after a ruling party politician who had wished to contest against him withdrew from the race at the eleventh hour.
Ministers said after Sunday's protest-marred cabinet meeting that the demonstrations were a "call to revolt" against democracy and bordered on illegality.
Arafat is scheduled to head to Paris Tuesday to meet with Rabin and Foreign Minister Shimon Peres after visiting Jericho in the West Bank.
    July 3 (AFP) - The 1500 GMT news advisory:                    Tel: (33-1) 40-41-46-36     GAZA CITY,     Gaza Strip:    PLO chairman Yasser Arafat loses his voice                    but not his evident delight in the                    adulation of his people on drive                    after drive round the property of his                    self-rule domain.
                   by Barry Parker     JERUSALEM:     Israeli ministers accuse rightwingers                    of trying to spark a revolt after                    clashes between anti-Arafat protestors                    and police in the heart of Jerusalem.
    PHNOM PENH:    Prince Norodom Chakrapong, a son of                    Cambodian ruler King Norodom Sihanouk, quits                    the country after the failure of an attempted                    coup by troops loyal to his cause.
The two men are to meet Monday, after which Li is to take part in a Sino-German trade conference during which the two sides are to create working groups on cooperation in four areas: railroads, infrastructure, vocational training and financing.
Abiola was arrested by security forces on June 23, 12 days after he unilaterally proclaimed himself president and called on the military regime of General Sani Abacha to stand down.
He issued the demand a year after the annulment by the then military junta under General Ibrahim Babangida of presidential elections judged free and fair by international observers, and which Abiola was widely credited with having won.
Last Thursday the federal high court here ordered the government to produce Abiola in court without fail on July 4 after it failed to heed a similar order to present him that day.
Last month after some stiff initial resistance, Russia signed on to the Partnership for Peace, joining most of the countries that were once part of the Soviet Union's satellite countries.
The woman, Louisa Lardjoune of Algerian origin, died Friday after allegedly being tortured for five hours.
The victim's ordeal began Thursday after the imam arrived at her family's home and allegedly started forcing litres (gallons) of salt water down her throat and beating the soles of her feet with a reed.
Australia went two up nine minutes into the second half after the Dutch defence failed to clear a short corner and inside left Paul Lewis swooped on the loose ball to score with a scorching drive.
And he admitted after his latest loss: "There was just nothing I could do.
Ironically, after winning all six tie-breaks he played on the way to the final, Ivanisevic lost two when it mattered most.
"He played unbelievable in the tie-breaks and never gave me a chance," said Ivanisevic after the tense shoot-out.
And there was no doubt about the deteriorating state of his mind when he screamed and yelled abuse at himself after dropping his first two service games.
"I've always had a difficult time playing left-handers," said Sampras after his win, "But if I can return a serve I like my chances.
"It was very hot out there and I knew I had to stay positive," said Sampras, who joined Ivanisevic in throwing his racket and shirts into the crowd as souvenirs after the match.
World Cup notebook  LOS ANGELES, California, July 3 (AFP)  Sunday's World Cup diary Presidential support Usually, the congratulatory call from the president comes after the championship victory.
Bad joke  (LOS ANGELES) A Long Beach, California, shop owner who put a sign in his window suggesting the Colombian team might not want to go home after their World Cup failure was appalled when the murder of Andres Escobar seemed to make his bad-taste joke come true.
(AFP) Effenberg lines up revenge Stefan Effenberg -- whose agent claimed the German midfielder would "lose millions" after being kicked out of the World Cup -- is ready to take his revenge.
The rally came two days after the South African Communist Party (SACP) suspended one of its KwaZulu/Natal leaders, Harry Gwala, following allegations that he plotted to kill SACP and ANC members.
Fighting started shortly after midnight Saturday between pro-ANC township residents and inmates of migrant worker hostels, mostly supporters of the IFP.
   Irish open final scores     MOUNT JULIET, Eire, July 3 (AFP) - Scores after fourth and final round of  Irish Open here on Sunday (GB and Ireland unless stated):     275 - Bernhard Langer (Germany) 70-68-70-67     276 - John Daly (USA) 70-68-73-65, Robert Allenby (Australia) 68-68-68-72     278 - Greg Turner (N Zealand) 73-70-69-66, Jose-Maria Olazabal (Spain)  68-68-71-71     279 - Steven Richardson 71-70-69-69, Peter Baker 70-68-71-70     280 - Sam Torrance 65-73-73-69, Ernie Els (S Africa) 71-73-67-69, Craig  Parry (Australia) 70-69-70-71, Alberto Binaghi (Italy) 69-70-70-71, Mike  Harwood (Australia) 69-69-70-72, Paul Moloney (Australia) 71-70-67-72, Nick  Faldo 69-71-67-73     281 - Mike McLean 70-70-73-68, Mike Clayton (Australia) 68-71-72-70,  Rodger Davis (Australia) 74-69-68-70, John McHenry 73-71-66-71, Pers-Ulrik  Johansson (Sweden) 72-69-67-73     282 - Diego Borrego (Spain) 68-74-72-68, Tony Johnstone (Zimbabwe)  68-69-76-69, Ruben Alvarez (Argentina) 71-71-71-69, Frank Nobilo (N Zealand)  73-72-67-70     283 - Mathias Gronberg (Sweden) 68-72-75-68, Sandy Lyle 71-71-71-70, Colin  Montgomerie 70-70-72-71, Domingo Hospital (Spain) 69-71-71-72     284 - Sven Struver (Germany) 69-74-71-70, Paul Lawrie 68-73-69-74, Martin  Gates 70-74-66-74     285 - Russell Claydon 73-69-74-69, Eduardo Romero (Argentina) 69-71-72-73     286 - Seve Ballesteros (Spain) 67-76-71-72, Wayne Riley (Australia)  72-72-69-73, Gary Evans 70-68-73-75     Selected     287 - Retief Goosen (S Africa) 74-70-73-70, Peter Hedblom (Sweden)  71-71-74-71, Brian Nelson (USA) 69-71-74-73, Ian Palmer (S Africa)  69-72-71-75, Thomas Levet (France) 71-69-71-76     288 - Ollie Nordberg (Sweden) 71-72-74-71, Jose-Maria Canizares (Spain)  75-68-70-75     289 - Nic Henning (S Africa) 73-68-72-76     290 - Jay Townsend (USA) 71-71-75-73, Ronan Rafferty 72-71-73-74     291 - Stephen Ames (Trinidad) 72-73-74-72, Peter O'Malley (Australia)  70-68-80-73, Anders Gillner (Sweden) 70-72-71-78     293 - Robert Karlsson (Sweden)     294 - Steve Bowman (USA) 70-74-74-76     299 - John Bland (S Africa) 74-71-80-74     dm/it94 
The ruling Baath Party newspaper Al-Baath said Arafat's return to Gaza Friday after 27 years of exile was "a farce staged by the Israelis."
In the Junior events, Martina Hingis, the 13-year-old Czech-born Swiss hope who was named after Martina Navratilova, added the Wimbledon junior women's singles title to the crown she won at the recent French Open by beating Korea's Mi-Ra Jeon 7-5, 6-4.
Event favourites Miguel Indurain of Spain and Tony Rominger of Switzerland also avoided the collision, but Belgian Nelissen and top Frenchman Laurent Jalabert, a seven-stage winner in this year's Tour of Spain, were both knocked out of the race after their falls.
Jalabert, bleeding badly after doing a somersault over his handlebars and landing on his head, had a suspected fractured jaw and nose while Nelissen, in yellow for three days in last year's event after winning the second stage, was believed to have damaged his collar bone.
Dahlin strikes again for Sweden  DALLAS, Texas, July 3 (AFP)  A fifth minute header by leading scorer Martin Dahlin, returning after a one-game suspension, gave Sweden a 1-0 half-time lead in their World Cup second round match against Saudi Arabia here on Sunday.
The Saudis, the upset team of the World Cup after their first round defeat of Belgium, nearly equalised in the 22nd minute through Fahad Al Bishi.
Northern troops move in on Aden by Katherine Roth  HISSWA, Yemen, July 3 (AFP)  Northern Yemeni troops have advanced to within several kilometers of the besieged southern city of Aden after seizing the village of Hisswa, an AFP correspondent reported from the frontline.
What will be left for him after all this, if he survives?"
Northern authorities said over half of Yemen's oil output, estimated at 350,000 barrels a day, was wiped out after southern fighter planes bombed the Marib oil field east of Sanaa on Thursday.
He had to fight hard for his par on the 10th, after driving into the trees and got up and down from sand on the 12th.
South Africa closing scoreboard  SOUTHAMPTON, England, July 3 (AFP)  Close of play scoreboard after second day of South Africa three-day tour match against Hampshire on Sunday: Hampshire first innings 300-8 dec (V.P Terry 75, A.A. Donald 5-58) South Africa first innings G.
The Hong Kong-based Apollo Sea disappeared on June 20 after leaving Saldhana Bay, on the west coast, and is belived to have sunk with all 36 crew members 19 nautical miles from Dassen Island.
Moroccan debacle  RABAT, July 3 (AFP)  Morocco's World Cup squad, eliminated after losing all their first- round matches, returned home to total difference on Sunday but with the country's sports ministry under pressure from one opposition party to explain before parliament the side's "humiliating debacle" in the USA.
His comments came a day after several thousand Italian gays and lesbians converged on Rome to denounce "fascist" and homophobic components in new premier Silvio Berlusconi's right wing government, in what was their first public demonstration for a decade.
Massaro scored against Mexico in Italy's last group game after coming on as a substitute and has been scoring regularly in training.
Roberto Donadoni is another expected change in midfield for Nicola Berti who was exhausted after the Mexico match.
Two seriously injured soldiers were taken by helicopter to Israel after the accident.
Sweden in quarter-finals  DALLAS, Texas, July 3 (AFP)  Sweden, helped by two goals from Kennet Andersson, were ensured of their best World Cup run since 1958 after beating Saudi Arabia 3-1 in their second round tie here on Sunday.
A fifth minute header by leading scorer Martin Dahlin, returning after a one-game suspension to score his fourth goal of the tournament, gave the Swedes their half-time lead.
Sweden in quarter-finals RPTN  DALLAS, Texas, July 3 (AFP)  Sweden, helped by two goals from Kennet Andersson, were ensured of their best World Cup run since 1958 after beating Saudi Arabia 3-1 in their second round tie here on Sunday.
A fifth minute header by leading scorer Martin Dahlin, returning after a one-game suspension to score his fourth goal of the tournament, gave the Swedes their half-time lead.
We should win," said the Swedish striker who returned to the side here after a one-game ban.
Two second half-goals, one after five minutes and the other three minutes from the end, by Andersson ensured the Saudis' World Cup campaign was at an end.
Belgium has been reluctant to send troops to Rwanda after 10 Belgian troops serving there with the United Nations were killed by Rwandan militia in April.
A team of UN inspectors left Baghdad Friday after installing surveillance cameras at two sites which could be used to relaunch Iraq's nuclear programme.
LOS ANGELES, California, July 3 (AFP)  Leading World Cup goalscorers after Sweden's 3-1 second-round victory over Saudi Arabia Sunday.
Opener Gary Kirsten had earlier gone in similar fashion after scoring a half century.
Hampshire had declared their first innings on 300 for eight after adding 37 to their overnight score.
English Sunday table  LONDON, July 3 (AFP)  English Sunday League table after latest matches (Played, won, lost, tied, no result, points.
(pictures) Colombian President Gaviria weeps at Escobar's funeral  MEDELLIN, July 3 (AFP)  President Cesar Gaviria joined thousands of mourners Sunday at the funeral of Andres Escobar, the Colombian football star murdered after scoring a goal against his own side in the World Cup.
But he relented after the president of the Colombian Football Federation urged the coach to heed the threat.
In a newspaper column that Escobar wrote Wednesday for El Tiempo and was reprinted Sunday, he called for the country to show respect and calm after Colombia was eliminated from the World Cup.
Kadhafi "received a message from Bahaa Al-Omari, wife of Mansour Kikhia, after have been received by him during a visit to Libya," JANA said, without giving the date of the meeting.
He was replaced by Tibor Selymes after the 4-1 defeat to Switzerland.
Casiraghi led the attack in the last two games after Giuseppe Signori, who played alongside Baggio in the opening loss to Ireland, was switched to a more familiar wide role.
European Tour order  LONDON, July 3 (AFP)  Leading positions in the European Tour Order of Merit after the Irish Open (with total prize money in pounds sterling): 1 Jose-Maria Olazabal (Spain) 303,190, 2 Bernhard Langer (Germany) 268,740, 3 Colin Montgomerie (GB) 199,874, 4 Ernie Els (S Africa) 199,599, 5 Robert Allenby (Australia) 194,869, 6 Nick Faldo (GB) 181,439, 7 Mark Roe (GB) 181,439, 8 Seve Ballesteros (Spain) 154,548, 9 Miguel Angel Jimenez (Spain) 148,637, 10 Gabriel Hjerstedt (Sweden) 128,735.
We should win," said Dahlin, Sweden's leading scorer who returned here after a one-match suspension.
Two second half-goals, one after five minutes and the other three minutes from the end, by Kennet Andersson ensured the end of the Saudi World Cup campaign and put the Swedes into a quarter-final tie against either Argentina or Romania.
Although Dalhin limped off after the Saudi match Svensson played down the injury.
In Catalonia, the regional government called on French authorities to send helicopters to fight flames near the French border after three forest fires struck in Camarasa, Puigcerda and Tordera.
Asked if he thought the confession would drive his fans away, he said: "I have to look after myself."
    GAZA CITY,     Gaza Strip:    PLO chairman Yasser Arafat loses his voice                    but not his evident delight in the                    adulation of his people on drive                    after drive round the property of his                    self-rule domain.
    JERUSALEM:     Israeli ministers accuse rightwingers                    of trying to spark a revolt after                    clashes between anti-Arafat protestors                    and police in the heart of Jerusalem.
    HISSWA,     Yemen:         Northern Yemeni troops advance to within several                    kilometers of the besieged southern city of Aden                    after seizing the village of Hisswa.
    PHNOM PENH:    Prince Norodom Chakrapong, a son of                    Cambodian ruler King Norodom Sihanouk, quits                    the country after the failure of an attempted                    coup by troops loyal to his cause.
The 27-year-old will directly replace Rai on the right side of midfield, but will play a different role, said coach Carlos Alberto Parreira, who announced the team after training on Sunday.
Mazinho, who will be winning his 53rd cap, played 11 minutes against Russia, after replacing Dunga, and the second half of the Sweden game when he took over from Mauro Silva.
Each player picked up a 3,000 dollar bonus after the 3-0 victory against Bulgaria in their opening World Cup game.
Southern Yemeni leaders announce ceasefire from midnight  ADEN, Yemen, July 3 (AFP)  Breakaway southern Yemeni leaders announced a ceasefire to start at midnight (2100 GMT) Sunday, after a day of heavy fighting which killed at least 13 civilians in the increasingly war-ravaged southern city of Aden.
Dumitrescu scored from Romania's third attack after almost constant Argentine pressure.
Fernando Caceres saved on the line in the last minute of the first half to deny Dumitrescu a hat-trtick after Dorinel Munteanu's left- wing break sprang the Argentine offside track.
Popescu had twice gone close after another Dumitrescu raid completely opened up the Argentine defence.
In April, 10 Belgian UN soldiers were killed in Rwanda shortly after the country plunged into an inter-ethnic bloodbath that has claimed up to 500,000 lives.
Terry Phelan should return at left-back after suspension and allow Steve Staunton back into midfield even though Charlton admits he is the player suffering most in the heat.
Dutch coach Dick Advocaat will base his tactics on a 4-3-3 formation after unsuccessfully tinkering with 4-4-2 at training on Saturday.
Romania in quarter-finals  LOS ANGELES, California, July 3 (AFP)  Romania qualified for the World Cup quarter-finals for the first time after beating Argentina 3-2 in a thrilling second round tie here on Sunday.
Captain Gheorghe Hagi, set up by Dumitrescu, put Romania 3-1 up after 57 minutes.
His Turkish counterpart Hikmet Cetin said the forum was only a "beginning," and pointed out that many regional assemblies had sprung up after the end of the Cold War.
(new series) Guns fall silent in Aden ceasefire  ADEN, July 4 (AFP)  The guns fell silent in Aden late Sunday, shortly before a southern- declared ceasefire came into effect, and no shooting was reported one hour after the midnight (2100 GMT) deadline.
The last truce, agreed by both sides last Thursday in Moscow following Russian mediation, collapsed after just 20 minutes.
LOS ANGELES, California, July 3 (AFP)  World Cup goalscorers after Sunday's matches 6: Oleg Salenko (Russia) 5: Jurgen Klinsmann (Germany) 4: Gabriel Batistuta (Argentina), Martin Dahlin (Sweden) 3: Kennet Andersson (Sweden), Gheorghe Hagi (Romania), Romario (Brazil), Hristo Stoichkov (Bulgaria) 2: Philippe Albert (Belgium), Fuad Amin Anwar (S Arabia), Daniel Amokachi (Nigeria), Georges Bregy (Switzerland), Jose Luis Caminero (Spain), Claudio Caniggia (Argentina), Ilie Dumitrescu (Romania), Luis Garcia (Mexico), Andoni Goikoetxea (Spain), Hong Myung-Bo (South Korea), Florin Raducioiu (Romania), Adolfo Valencia (Colombia), Rudi Voller (Germany) 1: John Aldridge (Ireland), Sami Al Jaber (S Arabia), Emmanuel Amunike (Nigeria), Dino Baggio (Italy), Abel Balbo (Argentina), Bebeto (Brazil), Aitor Begiristain (Spain), Dennis Bergkamp (Holland), Daniel Borimirov (Bulgaria), Tomas Brolin (Sweden), Mohamed Chaouch (Morocco), Stephane Chapuisat (Switzerland), Marc Degryse (Belgium), David Embe (Cameroon), Luis Enrique (Spain), George Finidi (Nigeria), Herman Gaviria (Colombia), Fahad Al Ghesheyan (Saudi Arabia), Josep Guardiola (Spain), Fernando Hierro (Spain), Ray Houghton (Republic of Ireland), Hwang Sun-hong (South Korea), Wim Jonk (Holland), Adrian Knup (Switzerland), Yordan Letchkov (Bulgaria), Roger Ljung (Sweden), Harold Lozano (Colombia), Diego Maradona (Argentina), Roger Milla (Cameroon), Hassan Nader (Morocco), Francois Omam-Biyik (Cameroon), Saeed Owairan (Saudi Arabia), Dan Petrescu (Romania), Dimitri Radchenko (Russia), Rai (Brazil), Kjetil Rekdal (Norway), Karlheinz Riedle (Germany), Brian Roy (Holland), Julio Salinas (Spain), Erwin Sanchez (Bolivia), Marcio Santos (Brazil), Seo Jung-Won (South Korea), Samson Siasia (Nigeria), Nasko Sirakov (Bulgaria), Ernie Stewart (USA), Alain Sutter (Switzerland), Gaston Taument (Holland), Eric Wynalda (USA), Rashidi Yekini (Nigeria) Own goal: Andres Escobar (Colombia) bdb94 
Gheorghe Hagi's side qualified for the quarter-finals for the first time after a 3-2 victory.
He left the stands after 83 minutes.
Dumitrescu scored from Romania's third attack after almost constant Argentine pressure.
(LOS ANGELES) Fernando Caceres saved on the line in the last minute of the first half to deny Dumitrescu a hat-trtick after Dorinel Munteanu's left- wing break sprang the Argentine offside track.
Popescu had twice gone close after another Dumitrescu raid completely opened up the Argentine defence.
Trouble after Argentina exit  LOS ANGELES, California, July 3 (AFP)  The World Cup had its first outbreak of soccer trouble here on Sunday following Argentina's 3-2 defeat by Romania in a second round tie at the Pasadena Rose Bowl.
American officials have been keen for spectators to leave stadiums immediately after the final whistle but stunned Argentinian fans stood their ground.
reopens (LOS ANGELES) Disappointed Argentine coach Alfio Basile offered terse answers to just two questions after the match.
reopens (LOS ANGELES) Prunea admitted the final whistle could not come soon enough after Argentina's second goal.
Blind man irritated over speeding fine  AUCKLAND, July 4 (AFP)  A man who was born blind is up in arms after being told he had clocked up a speeding fine, the New Zealand Herald reported Monday.
Radio broadcaster Jonathan Mosen said he received the notice in the mail after his wife had been snapped driving the couple's car by a roadside speed camera.
It was not immediately known why he pulled up after the first try.
Families flock to the miles of wide, golden sands as the sun sinks into the Mediterranean, eager to enjoy a taste of freedom after years of Israeli occupation and night curfew.
"This is the place to be, the only place" he said after a quick dip to cool off from the sweltering heat.
No artillery fire was heard from either side an hour after it came into effect at midnight Sunday (2100 GMT).
Bickering within the squad threatened to undermine their challenge but after four games, and the expulsion of the troublesome Stefan Effenberg, Vogts believes he has found his ideal team.
Caniggia, making his comeback from a 13-month ban for cocaine use, had broken down injured after just three games in the United States and was looking on from the substitutes' bench.
Ilie Dumitrescu, without a goal in the first three matches, struck twice and ran the length of the field after Redondo had stumbled fatally on the ball to set up Hagi for a decisive third.
"At this very high level of competition it's very important to take into account psychological factors and our second goal coming so soon after their equaliser was a very important part of the game," he added.
"I don't remember having as many near heart attacks in a round," Hobday aid after he completed a 75, the highest final-round score by the champion in the history of the tournament.
The victory gave South Africa another US Open title, after Ernie Els' 20-hole play-off triumph at Oakmont, Pennsylvania, two weeks ago.
Kraft led by three shots at 13, after making a birdie from a bunker at the 12th.
(pictures) Colombian President Gaviria weeps at Escobar's funeral  MEDELLIN, Colombia, July 3 (AFP)  President Cesar Gaviria joined more than 100,000 mourners Sunday at the funeral of Andres Escobar, the Colombian football star slain after scoring a goal against his own side in the World Cup.
Rodriguez said however that authorities were less than convinced by Munoz's story that his car had been stolen four hours before the killing, and that he was held captive by the killers until two-and- one-half hours after it.
But he relented after the president of the Colombian Football Federation urged the coach to heed the threat.
In a newspaper column that Escobar wrote Wednesday for El Tiempo and was reprinted Sunday, he called for the country to show respect and calm after Colombia was eliminated from the World Cup.
Walker, one shot back after 36 holes, shot an even-par 72 over the last 18 that included a hole-in-one.
But Sports Minister John Banks said after extensive market research they had found that New Zealand lacked an identity outside the country, and this could be remedied by bringing out a "New Zealand Way" logo and colours.
Last year Goycochea's crown slipped when he was dropped by his club coach, Argentina 1978 World Cup-winning captain Daniel Passarella, after three bad games.
Baron will delay naming his line-up until the last minute but with midfielder Joaquin del Olmo ruled out by suspension, Sanchez, who plans to retire after the finals, looks certain to start.
Levski Sofia's Daniel Borimirov, who was dropped after the 3-0 opening loss to Nigeria, is expected to be recalled.
The squad have papered over the cracks after a players' revolt over pay and conditions and sense victory against an Italy who have yet to take shape.
Coach Arrigo Sacchi, who took over the national side after a distinguished spell at AC Milan, is hoping his players will click.
Yekini, who moves to Olympiakos Piraeus next season after finishing top scorer in Portugal with Victoria Setubal, was replaced midway through the second half against Greece by Eintracht Frankfurt star Austin Okocha.
Passarella tipped for top job after Argentina crash out by Ron Wall  LOS ANGELES, California, July 3 (AFP)  Daniel Passarella, their 1978 captain, was tipped to take over as coach from Alfio Basile after Argentina crashed out of the World Cup on Sunday.
Basile, who took over after the 1990 World Cup, won two South American championships but Argentina's worst World Cup since 1974 must have cost him his job.
He then ran from one penalty area to the other, after Fernando Redondo had stumbled on the ball, to set up Gheorghe Hagi for the third.
Defending never takes the breath away but when it is done well it has to be admired and Romanian coach Anghel Iordanescu was deservedly tossed in the air by his players after the match.
(AFP)     MEDELLIN, Colombia: President Cesar Gaviria joined more than 100,000  mourners at the funeral of Andres Escobar, the Colombian football star  murdered after scoring a goal against his own side in a World Cup match.
Destitute woman jailed for throwing baby into sewer  MANILA, July 4 (AFP)  A destitute mother has been detained after throwing her eight month- old baby into an open sewer in the Philippine capital after the child began wailing from hunger, police said Monday.
Navarro, a mother of three who is married to a jailed convict, "apparently went out of her mind" late Saturday when her baby began to cry after milk ran out of her feeding bottle while the two were aboard a mini-bus, he said.
BHP announces plans for major takeover  MELBOURNE, Australia, July 4 (AFP)  Australia's largest company, BHP Co. Ltd, announced Monday it was ready to make a substantial aquisition with share market funds, after posting record annual profits.
The group announced net profits Friday for the year to May 31 of 1.284 billion Australian dollars (937 million US) after abnormals, up 7.5 percent from 1.194 billion dollars the year before.
State television said Bedie had taken the decision to free Hamed Bakayoko, director of the weekly Le Patriote, on the recommendation of the justice ministry and after receiving a personal apology from the journalist.
The last truce, agreed by both sides last Thursday in Moscow following Russian mediation, collapsed after just 20 minutes.
Bombay bus employees on strike, commuters stranded  BOMBAY, July 4 (AFP)  Tens of thousands of commuters and office workers were stranded across Bombay on Monday after employees of this Indian city's monopoly bus service went on strike demanding higher wages.
The strike began after four major unions in the company said they were not satisfied with the management's offer to hike salaries by about 300 rupees (100 dollars) a month and wanted it more than doubled.
New Zealand brings on more Samoans in wake of French rugby defeat  AUCKLAND, July 4 (AFP)  New Zealand's besieged All Blacks were Monday looking more like a Samoan rugby side after selectors here made a number of changes in the wake of their 23-20 loss Sunday to France.
Phnom Penh is expected to introduce a bill Monday to outlaw the Khmer Rouge, who have continued their guerrilla war after refusing to take part in UN-supervised elections last year.
(Prince Norodom Chakrapong was put on a plane to Malaysia Sunday, at the request of his father the king, after an abortive coup d'etat was thwarted by government troops, officials in Phnom Penh said.
This was the first official confirmation from the Malaysian government that Prince Chakrapong had fled to Malaysia after an aborted coup d'etat by his followers was thwarted by Cambodian government troops.
Officials said he arrived in Malaysia late Sunday from Phnom Penh on a Malaysia Airlines flight after the government agreed to a request from his father to let the prince go.
Ex-army officer admits ordering germ warfare evidence destroyed  TOKYO, July 4 (AFP)  A former Japanese army officer, after a silence of nearly half a century, admitted to issuing an order to destroy evidence of Japan's development of bacteriological weapons at the end of World War II.
Flash chips are capable of retaining data even after power supplies are cut.
This was the first official confirmation from the Malaysian government that Prince Chakrapong had fled to Malaysia after an abortive weekend coup d'etat was thwarted by Cambodian government troops.
Officials said he arrived in Malaysia late Sunday from Phnom Penh on a Malaysia Airline flight after the government agreed to a request from his father to let the prince go.
This was the first official confirmation from the Malaysian government that Prince Chakrapong had fled to Malaysia after the aborted coup d'etat by his followers.
Officials said he arrived in Malaysia late Sunday from Phnom Penh on a Malaysia Airlines flight after the Cambodian government agreed to a request from his father to let the prince go.
State radio reported that Arafat intended to have the economy, employment and housing run from Gaza while Jericho would look after the transfer of power from Israel to the Palestinians in the rest of the West Bank in line with their May 4 agreement which launched autonomy.
"Expectations emerged that the yen has peaked out after it hit a high of 97.68 yen in Asian trading Friday," a broker said.
Troops had to be called out in the southern port city of Karachi to keep order after people took to the streets to protest a prolonged power breakdown which plunged a large part of the city into darkness.
The minister announced the resumption of the financial protocol on Monday, a day after arriving with 100 company chiefs on a seven-day visit to boost trade.
The latest rebel move triggered a new exodus from the war-torn city after heavy fighting overnight.
URGENT  ATHENS, July 4 (AFP)  A Turkish embassy official died here Monday after being attacked by three gunmen near Athens, the Turkish embassy and hospital sources said.
Arafat is scheduled to fly in early Tuesday aboard an Egyptian helicopter from Gaza where he was welcomed by tens of thousands of Palestinians on his historic return last Friday after a 27-year exile.
The latest rebel move to take control of all of Kigali triggered a new exodus from the war-torn city after heavy fighting overnight.
Flash memory chips can retain data even after power supplies are cut.
The paper said, during the 40-minute interview, that Carter toned down slightly the rosy picture he had painted after his discussion in Pyongyang last month with North Korean President Kim Il Sung, which helped ease tension created by the nuclear crisis.
Arafat to take Egyptian helicopter to Jericho  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 4 (AFP)  PLO leader Yasser Arafat will make his inaugural flight to Jericho in an Egyptian helicopter early Tuesday after refusing an offer of an Israeli chopper, his political adviser told AFP Monday.
Since arriving Friday after 27 years in exile, Arafat has received a hero's welcome everywhere he has gone and was expected to continue his progress around the Strip during the afternoon.
Turkish diplomat dies in Athens attack  ATHENS, July 4 (AFP)  A Turkish embassy official died here Monday after being shot by three gunmen near Athens, the Turkish embassy and hospital sources said.
Turkish diplomat dies in Athens attack  ATHENS, July 4 (AFP)  A Turkish embassy official died here Monday after being shot by three gunmen near Athens, the Turkish embassy and hospital sources said.
Since arriving Friday after 27 years in exile, Arafat has received a hero's welcome everywhere he has gone and was expected to continue his progress around the Strip during the afternoon.
Focus turns to agenda of inter-Korean summit by Kate Webb  SEOUL, July 4 (AFP)  The focus of preparations for this month's inter-Korean summit switched to the agenda Monday after the two sides overcame major protocol points by agreeing not to use flags or national anthems.
On Friday it had reported net profits for the year to May 31 of 1.284 billion Australian dollars (937 million US) after abnormal items, up 7.5 percent from 1.194 billion dollars the previous year.
The kidnappers were arrested overnight after freeing their young hostage Saturday after being paid 270,000 dollars of the 500,000 dollar ransom demanded.
Northern authorities said a new attempt would be made Monday to repair the pumping station, after heavy fighting prevented engineers from crossing the frontline to reach Bir Nasser on Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
The Tutsi-led rebels appeared to be taking complete control of Kigali Monday after capturing the centre, triggering a new exodus north and west of the war-torn capital after heavy fighting overnight.
They will also cover a wide range of regional issues, noting that this will be his first trip here since taking up his present post after the British general election in April 1992.
URGENT  SIDON, Lebanon, July 4 (AFP)  Israeli aircraft blasted Hezbollah positions in south Lebanon on Monday after the guerrillas claimed four simultaneous attacks on Israel's security zone, police said.
The last truce, agreed by both sides last Thursday in Moscow following Russian mediation, collapsed after just 20 minutes.
Prasong told reporters after a 40-minute meeting with the ambassador Monday that he had given Lambertson a letter requesting additional information on the affair.
Abiola, a millionaire businessman and Yoruba politician has been under arrest since late last month after he announced himself head of state on the first anniversary of the June 12 1993 election.
Israeli jets blast Hezbollah targets after attacks  SIDON, Lebanon, July 4 (AFP)  Israeli warplanes blasted Hezbollah positions in south Lebanon on Monday after the guerrillas claimed four simultaneous attacks on Israel's security zone, police said.
Hezbollah vowed to fight Israel on all fronts after the raid to avenge its martyrs.
Israeli fighter planes have carried out 10 raids on Hezbollah bases in south Lebanon since June 2 after guerrilla attacks on their positions.
It gave the CPP a "face-saving" way of disposing of the two figures after the party had dropped support for their political rehabilitation, he said, adding that he did not believe Sin Song would receive any severe sanction.
"It will be straight after his visit to Paris and a stopover in Tunis," he added.
"Of course he will be back in Gaza after his trip to Paris.
State radio reported that Arafat intended to have the economy, employment and housing services run from Gaza while Jericho would look after the transfer of power from Israel to the Palestinians in the rest of the West Bank in line with their May 4 agreement which launched autonomy.
Since arriving Friday after 27 years in exile, Arafat has received a hero's welcome everywhere he has gone and was expected to continue his progress visiting thecentral area of the Strip during the afternoon.
On Tuesday he will make his inaugural flight to Jericho in an Egyptian helicopter after refusing an offer of an Israeli chopper, Shaath said.
Louis Freeh, director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, said after his meeting with Alexei Iliushenko, Russia's attorney general, that "this is just the first building block of what we hope will be a broad and deep relationship."
"This protocol will be the legal base upon which we will build our cooperation, which is developing very nicely," Egorov said after meetings with Freeh and Minister of the Interior Viktor Erin.
Intense bombardments began at dawn, after the collapse of a ceasefire called by breakaway southern leaders to start at midnight Sunday.
The last truce, agreed by both sides last Thursday in Moscow following Russian mediation, collapsed after just 20 minutes.
Mwanawasa's replacement is Godfrey Miyanda, a former army general and founder member of the ruling Movement for Multi-party Democracy (MMD), who was implicated in a near fatal car accident involving Mwanawasa just after the 1991 elections which brought Chiluba into power.
Like Chiluba, who declared Zambia a Christian state soon after taking office, Miyanda is also a staunch "born-again" Christian.
He was implicated in the 1980 coup attempt against former President Kenneth Kaunda but was released without charge after a long detention.
Her coach Craig Kardon admitted after Saturday's defeat: "I have the feeling Martina doesn't really want to play on and she may stop right here."
The victory came three years after yher defection to the West.
The Croats expelled huge numbers of Moslems from the west bank at the time, but "the atmosphere generally improved" after a U.S.-brokered agreement on Moslem-Croat federation was signed in Washington in March, Janowski said.
The US dollar closed at 98.67 yen to the dollar here Monday after hitting a record global high of 97.68 yen briefly on the Tokyo market Friday.
Abiola, a millionaire businessman and Yoruba politician, has been under arrest since late last month after he announced himself head of state on the first anniversary of the June 12 1993 election.
Judge G.N. Patel ordered Dutt, 35, to be returned to prison until the end of the hearings after cancelling bail granted on May 5, 1993.
Demonstrators Monday marched to the nearby Turkish embassy here after being evicted from the consulate.
They first came across the body at the Tehran morgue on Saturday morning after they went there to enquire, the relatives said.
Split in Sudanese rebel movement ahead of peace talks  NAIROBI, July 4 (AFP)  A key commander of the rebel Sudan People's Liberation Army (SPLA) United has quit the movement, after accusing the faction's leader Riek Machar of dictatorship and poor leadership.
The resignation of Arok, the highest-ranking Dinka in SPLA-United and de facto number four after Riek Machar, Kerubino Kwanyin Bol and William Nyuon Bany, will further complicate the ethnic animosities currently besetting southern Sudan, two weeks ahead of peace talks between the rebels and Khartoum, scheduled to start in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, on July 18.
The UN officer said at least 200 explosions rocked the region in less than two hours during and after the attacks.
Russia and the United States to engage in judicial and police cooperation by Boris Bachorz  MOSCOW, July 4 (AFP)  Russia and the United States agreed Monday to sign judicial and police cooperation accords to try to fight organised crime, after the FBI chief expressed fears of illicit traffic in nuclear bomb-making materials.
Louis Freeh, director of the US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), said after his meeting with Alexei Iliushenko, Russia's attorney general, that "this is just the first building block of what we hope will be a broad and deep relationship."
"This protocol will be the legal base upon which we will build our cooperation, which is developing very nicely," Egorov said after meetings with Freeh and Minister of the Interior Viktor Erin.
The rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) appeared to be taking complete control of Kigali on Monday after capturing the centre, triggering a new exodus north and west of the war-torn capital after heavy fighting overnight, UN officials said.
Guerrillas of the RPF fired on French forces evacuating civilians and orphans from Butare just after they had passed through an RPF roadblock, General Didier Thibaut said.
They said they discovered his body at the Tehran morgue on Saturday morning after they went there to enquire.
The Assembly of God leader, Hovsepian, was murdered in the southern suburbs of the capital on January 20, a day after he was abducted while travelling by car to Tehran airport.
The police said it had arrested a suspect a few days after the murder, promising to shed light on the case which triggered reactions from Western countries.
He charged Tehran "perpetrated this heinous crime just a few days after their horrific crime of exploding a bomb at Imam Reza's shrine and the massacre of Moslem worshippers."
Price consolidates his third place, courtesy of his victory in the Western Open in the USA, while Bernhard Langer is a clear fourth after his victory in the Irish Open on Sunday.
He told journalists after the service Sartre's message was important "as it shows that the French intervention is only humanitarian while we thought they were going to help us fight the FPR," the Tutsi-dominated rebel Rwanda Patriotic Front.
Emmanuelli took over from Michel Rocard who failed to restore the party's fortunes, resigning on June 19, a week after a poor showing in elections to the European parliament.
Brittan said after a meeting with Maxim Boycko, head of the Russian Privatisation Centre, that the 12 companies would be helped over two years to become more efficient so that they could attract foreign investment capital.
Enterprise Oil fell 15.5 points to 387 after it announced Friday that its bid for Lasmo had failed and amid speculation of management changes, dealers said.
GEC rose four pence to 292 ahead of annual results on Wednesday, while Vodafone rose six pence to 505 after reporting a sharp rise in subscribers in the second quarter.
In Paris, shares were higher on firmer futures and ahead of the series of meetings after dropping sharply at the end of the previous week.
Credit Lyonnais rose 2.4 percent after chairman Jean Peyrelevade announced that second-quarter results would be around the break-even point.
Israeli warplanes blast Hezbollah strongholds  SIDON, July 4 (AFP)  Israeli fighter jets blasted positions of the Iranian-backed Hezbollah in south Lebanon after guerrillas killed two Israeli soldiers and wounded at least on other in an attack, police said.
Israeli aircraft earlier buzzed the Iqlim al-Tuffah ridge to intimidate the guerrillas after they had mounted four simultaneous attacks on Israeli forces and their proxy South Lebanon Army (SLA) militia.
Hezbollah vowed to fight Israel on all fronts after the raid to avenge its martyrs.
Israeli fighter planes have carried out 10 raids on Hezbollah bases in south Lebanon since June 2 after guerrilla attacks on their positions.
Constant back trouble eventually forced him into retirement after he turned professional in 1957.
Rwanda plunged back into an ethnic civil war which has claimed hundreds of thousands of lives after Hutu president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a suspicious rocket attack on his plane on April 6.
Tension surfaced between some Shiite and Sunni communities in eastern Iran after a Sunni mosque was destroyed by the authorities in Mashhad in January.
His predecessor, Jaffar Hussein, quit after nine years as governor after taking full responsibility for the losses, which followed a 9.3 billion ringgit forex trading loss in 1992.
The bank's recent measures to mop up excess liquidity had slowed down the inflow of foreign funds after a surge on speculation on the ringgit and Malaysia's booming stock market at the end of last year.
Taiwan Power later apologized for the great inconvenience, and cancelled the afternoon cuts after heavy rain in most of Taiwan.
The defence said that a campaign was launched against McGown by a Kenyan expatriate and American-trained lawyer whose 10-year-old daughter, Lavender Khaminwa, died in 1990 after she had her appendix removed under anaesthetic administered by McGown.
McGown was eventually arrested in March 1993 after the parliamentary committee reported that he had carried out unauthorised experiments on more than 500 unsuspecting patients and that some of them had died as a result.
His arrest was given splash treatment in local newspapers and the case has increased racial tensions in Zimbabwe, where the tiny white minority of 100,000 in a population of 10 million has recently come under regular verbal attack by President Robert Mugabe and Vice- President Joshua Nkomo for continued racism 14 years after the end of white-minority rule.
French General Didier Thibaut said Sunday that guerrillas of the RPF fired on French forces evacuating civilians and orphans from Butare just after they had passed through an RPF roadblock.
Rwanda plunged back into civil war after Hutu president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a rocket attack on his plane on April 6.
Israeli rightwingers have held protests -- some violent -- since Arafat arrived in the Gaza Strip on Friday after 27 years of exile.
Chiluba, the first foreign head of state to visit Malawi after the May democratic elections, was welcomed at the airport by President Bakili Muluzi and officials of the opposition Alliance For Democracy (AFORD) and the Malawi Congress Party (MCP).
Star TV has been overhauling its format to focus more specifically on its major Mandarin- and Hindi-speaking markets, after having dropped BBC World Service Television and replacing MTV with its own music video channel.
He said the recommendation was made after holding 30 seminars with local manufacturers.
The government retain the remaining 40 percent after the offering.
A UN officer said at least 200 explosions rocked the region in less than two hours during and after the attacks.
Hezbollah, which spearheads anti-Israeli attacks with the blessing of Syria and the Lebanese government, vowed to fight Israel on all fronts after the raid to avenge its martyrs despite Israeli threats of a massive reprisal.
Israeli fighter planes have carried out several raids on Hezbollah bases in south Lebanon since June 2 after guerrilla attacks on their positions.
The alert was issued after the wind shifted by nearly 90 degrees in nine seconds, said Hammerschmidt, who works for the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB).
The pilot of the aircraft, on a short hop from Columbia, South Carolina, tried to land at Charlotte airport about a minute after the warning but aborted his approach, officials said.
Seventeen people remained in hospital after the worst air disaster in the United States in more than four years, the airline said.
Senegalese opposition leaders freed after hunger strike  DAKAR, July 4 (AFP)  Six Senegalese opposition figures were freed from jail Monday after going on hunger strike to protest their detention on charges of involvement in the assassination of a senior judge in May, officials said.
Two other opposition figures, the deputy Mody Sy and Samuel Sarr, financial advisor to Wade, both charged with the murder in May of Babacar Seye, the vice-president of the constitutional court, were ordered released last week after going on hunger strike.
But their release was delayed after an appeal by the state prosecutor.
Baid moved his base there soon after war broke out on May 5 between his forces and the northern forces of President Ali Abdallah Saleh.
Brittan said after a meeting with Maxim Boycko, head of the Russian Privatisation Centre, that the 12 companies would be helped over two years to become more efficient so that they could attract foreign investment capital.
Van Poppel overshadows Abdu  BOULOGNE-SUR-MER, France, July 4 (AFP)  Dutch sprinter Jean-Paul van Poppel outshone Djamolidin Abdujaparov here on Monday to win the second stage of the Tour of France after a mass sprint.
For Ludwig, this was his second runner-up place in a row, while van Poppel, 31, now boasts nine Tour de France stages wins after the 203km run between Roubaix and Boulogne-sur-Mer.
They teamed up to break away after 77km and still had a one-minute lead with 60km to go, increasing it to almost three minutes as the peleton hesitated over the chase.
His position seems almost impregnable after a cull of the sprinters in the opening stages.
Laurent Jalabert of France and Wilfried Nelissen of Belgium, who crashed in Sunday's horrific finale, did not start on Monday, and Alexander Gontchenkov of the Ukraine also bowed out after the crash.
He failed to start the tour at all after injuring his left ankle while getting off the podium during the presentation of the teams on Friday last week.
Baid moved his base there soon after war broke out on May 5 between his forces and the northern forces of President Ali Abdallah Saleh.
The UAE has stepped up surveillance along its long coastline after a dramatic increase in illegal immigrants mostly Asians searching for work in the oil-rich Gulf country.
Abiola was charged with treason after declaring himself the new head of state on the anniversary of elections whose results were shelved by the military.
Mahdi said the first time he heard of the plot for which he was held responsible was after his arrest and interrogation.
Judge G.N. Patel ordered Dutt, 35, to be returned to prison until the end of the hearings after cancelling bail granted to him on May 5, 1993.
Investigators said Moslem gangsters owing allegiance to Ibrahim carried out the bombings in revenge for Hindu militant attacks on their community during the riots that erupted after the December 1992 destruction of the Babri mosque in Ayodhya.
The order sending Dutt, the most prominent figure among the suspects, back into custody came two weeks after the release of his latest film, "Aatish" (Fireworks), in which he stars as a gangster.
The RPF took control of Kigali Monday morning after heavy overnight fighting with the Hutu-led government forces.
(adding quotes) Van Poppel overshadows Abdu  BOULOGNE-SUR-MER, France, July 4 (AFP)  Dutch sprinter Jean-Paul van Poppel outshone Djamolidin Abdujaparov here on Monday to win the second stage of the Tour of France after a mass sprint.
For Ludwig, this was his second runner-up place in a row, while van Poppel, 31, now boasts nine Tour de France stages wins after the 203km run between Roubaix and Boulogne-sur-Mer.
They teamed up to break away after 77km and still had a one-minute lead with 60km to go, increasing it to almost three minutes as the peleton hesitated over the chase.
His position seems almost impregnable after a cull of the sprinters in the opening stages.
Laurent Jalabert of France and Wilfried Nelissen of Belgium, who crashed in Sunday's horrific finale, did not start on Monday, and Alexander Gontchenkov of the Ukraine also bowed out after the crash.
He failed to start the tour at all after injuring his left ankle while getting off the podium during the presentation of the teams on Friday last week.
The two working-class areas, which were still heavily-populated and bustling on Saturday, were almost deserted on Monday after the morning bombardment.
The last truce, agreed by both sides last Thursday in Moscow, collapsed after just 20 minutes.
Its stock plunged on the Paris Bourse on Monday after Suard was taken into custody, falling by 8.31 percent on the day to 541 francs - the low point for the year to date.
He said then that the precaution had been taken on the basis "of an explicit recommendation by the minister responsible for the police" (Robert Pandraud at the time) a few days after the assassination of Renault chairman Georges Besse in 1986.
A French farmer drowned after jumping into a pool to escape from the heat near eastern Besancon, police said Monday.
Temperatures in the capital, Vienna, were forecast to hit 34 degrees Monday after a weekend in which temperatures averaged 30 degrees.
Deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim said the prince, who fled on Sunday after the coup was thwarted by Cambodian government troops, was given permission a year ago to stay temporarily in Malaysia at the request of his father, King Norodom Sihanouk.
Hassan Asfur said Arafat's convoy had left his temporary headquarters in the seafront Palestine Hotel shortly after journalists were asked to go away and return later.
The PLO chairman is scheduled to fly into Gaza on board an Egyptian helicopter from Gaza on Tuesday morning where he was given a tumultuous welcome on his historic return Friday after a 27-year exile.
Parma's new signing has struggled with the after effects of a knock picked up in the group game against Norway and coach Arrigo Sacchi is not prepared to risk any players who are less than 100 percent.
French General Didier Thibaut said RPF guerrillas fired on French forces evacuating civilians and orphans from Butare just after they had passed through an RPF roadblock.
According to Schulz-Heisel, the contract was awarded to the federal German government printing press after long talks with the representative in Germany of the Palestine Liberation Organisation, Abdullah Frangi.
The Republic of Ireland recalled left-back Terry Phelan after suspension but Manchester United's Denis Irwin, also back after two yellow cards, was left on the substitutes' bench by manager Jack Charlton.
Rwanda plunged back into civil war after Hutu president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a rocket attack on his plane on April 6.
"It will be straight after his visit to Paris and a stopover in Tunis," he added.
"Of course he will be back in Gaza after his trip to Paris.
State radio reported that Arafat intended to have the economy, employment and housing services run from Gaza while Jericho would look after the transfer of power from Israel to the Palestinians in the rest of the West Bank in line with their May 4 agreement which launched autonomy.
Since arriving Friday after 27 years in exile, Arafat has received a hero's welcome everywhere he has gone.
Asfur told AFP the PLO chief quit the Palestine Hotel shortly after journalists were asked to leave and return in the evening.
The plan would give 51 percent of Bosnian territory to the Moslem- Croat federation and 49 percent to the Bosnian Serbs who, after 27 months of war, hold 70 percent of the country.
Sipahioglu, a father of two, was rushed to a nearby clinic for surgery after the shooting but died an hour and 20 minutes later, the clinic said.
Parma's new signing has struggled with the after effects of a knock picked up in the group game against Norway and coach Arrigo Sacchi opted to bring in Milan's Roberto Donadoni.
The AC Milan striker's inclusion concludes a remarkable comeback for the 33-year-old, who was a member of the Italian squad that won the World Cup in 1982 but only returned to the national side this spring after an eight-year gap.
Bank of America analyst Jeremy Hawkins said the dollar eased back in the afternoon after remarks by German secretary of state for finance Gert Haller that Germany does not fear negative repercussions from the dollar's recent downtrend.
(AFP) He's not going anywhere Jack Charlton has labelled speculation that he will quit as Ireland coach after the World Cup "bloody nonsense."
The court in Haarlem, northwest Netherlands, ruled that the fact that the patient, confined to a wheelchair after three brain haemorrhages, had threatened to throw himself under a train did not justify an assisted suicide.
After a first suicide attempt, the patient approached general practitioner Michel Karsten who concluded after three months of consulting with the man and his family that he did wish to die.
The two working-class areas, which were still heavily-populated and bustling on Saturday, were almost deserted on Monday after the morning bombardment.
The last truce, agreed by both sides last Thursday in Moscow, collapsed after just 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, the Iranian parliament voiced its support of Yemeni unity during a visit there by northern Yemeni MPs. The south declared the Yemen Democratic Republic on May 21, ending four years of uneasy unity after former North and South Yemen were merged in 1990.
Freeh also said that police methods should not harm basic human rights, a sensitive subject in Russia after the adoption of controversial anti-mafia measures last month by President Boris Yeltsin.
At a press conference before leaving for Laos, Lord said there "were still no plans" for a visit by Secretary of State Warren Christopher, despite speculation he would stop over in Hanoi after the ASEAN Regional Forum in Bangkok.
South Africa scoreboard  SOUTHAMPTON, England, July 4 (AFP)  Final scoreboard after South Africa's three-day tour match against Hampshire on Monday: Hampshire first innings 300-8 dec (V.P. Terry 75, A.A. Donald 5-58).
Referee axed from World Cup after ignoring penalty claim by Erskine McCullough  DALLAS, Texas, July 4 (AFP)  Swiss referee Kurt Rothlisberger, who refused a blatant penalty for Belgium in their World Cup second round match against Germany, has been axed from the rest of the tournament, FIFA said here Monday.
Rothlisberger, a 43-year-old school teacher, waved play on after Belgium's Josip Weber was brought down in the penalty area by Thomas Helmer and Andreas Brehme when the Germans were leading 3-1.
Bonner was despondent after dropping a 30-metre volley from midfielder Wim Jonk and seeing the ball bounce tamely into the net in the 41st minute.
The warning came as RPF forces moved toward the safety zone, after capturing Butare.
Thibaut said RPF guerrillas fired on French forces evacuating civilians and orphans from Butare just after they had passed through an RPF roadblock.
Becker's adviser Axel Meyer-Woelden said Becker needed to rest after his Wimbledon challenge which ended in the semi-finals.
Maradona, who has been banned from all football after testing positive for doping following the Argentina-Nigeria World Cup first round match, could face a life ban.
The RPF first crossed the border into Rwanda, about 10,000-strong equipped with heavy weapons and vehicles taken after defections from the Ugandan army, in October 1990.
Kagame took over the leadership of the movement after its then head, Fred Rwigwema, was killed early in the fighting.
The latest fighting broke out after Habyarimana's death in an attack blamed by the Hutu government on the rebels and by some on Hutu extremists opposed to the peace agreement reached with the RPF.
Traders said the Bourse was marked by a "technical rally" for the bulk of the Monday session, but then was driven down by the spectacular plunge of Alcatel-Alsthom after its chairman was taken into custody in connection with an investigations of financial matters.
Enterprise Oil remained a center of attention, shedding 9.5 pence to end at 389 on negative comments after the failure of its takeover bid for competitor Lasmo, which advanced three pence to 139.
BAT was up six to 404 after expressing interest in future links with French government-owned group SEITA.
The Austrian, who was in a coma for three weeks after the May 12 accident and is still being treated at the Innsbruck university hospital, said: "I'm hoping to go home soon and get back on the track."
The Sauber-Mercedes driver, who watched the French grand prix on the television at the weekend, is still undergoing physiotherapy for a knee injury and mental excercises after losing his memory after the crash.
A thousand Bosnian children on their way home  SARAJEVO, July 4 (AFP)  More than 1,000 Bosnian children and their teachers were returning Monday to battle-scared Bosnia after two years in Libya in the first such large-scale organised repatriation, a senior official in the ministry for refugees told AFP.
The hosts, holding a first innings lead of just 36, were obliged to bat on in their second innings after half the day was lost.
New Zealand scoreboard  MANCHESTER, England, July 4 (AFP)  Scoreboard after fourth day of of third Test match between England and New Zealand at Old Trafford: England first innings 382 (M.A. Atherton 111, P.A.J. DeFreitas 69, D.
His only other match since Roland Garros, where he lost an emotional final to compatriot Sergi Bruguera, was in Florence, where he withdrew after the first set against Italian Paolo Cane with shoulder problems.
Dutch in quarter-finals  ORLANDO, Florida, July 4 (AFP)  Holland moved into the World Cup quarter-finals after beating the Republic of Ireland 2-0 in their second round tie here on Monday.
The game was decided by half time, the Irish never recovering after a terrible blunder by goalkeeper Packie Bonner gifted Holland their second goal in the 41st minute.
From looking as though they would win well inside the distance, Mike Atherton's men were anxiously scanning the weather forecasts on Monday evening after all but 18.5 overs were washed out on the fourth day.
Win or draw, England will still be able to celebrate a first home series success since 1990, but failure to polish off New Zealand would take some swallowing after their commanding postion of Saturday afternoon.
A Moslem millionaire, he was charged with treason after declaring himself the new head of state on the June 12 anniversary of the elections whose results, despite being declared free and fair by international observers, were voided by the military.
A five-judge inquiry commission was set up after Sharif accused Leghari of receiving 500,000 dollars from Habib before becoming president in November.
Politicians and some generals including a former army chief have been accused of receiving large sums from Habib, who was arrested in March after the central State Bank of Pakistan sacked him and took over control of MBL.
   English cricket table     LONDON, July 4 (AFP) - English County Championship table after Monday's  matches (Played, won, lost, drawn, batting points, bowling points, total  points.
Ray Houghton went close three times in 20 minutes after half time.
He said he belonged to a commando named after Theophilos Georgiadis, leader of a pro-Kurdish Greek-Cypriot organization who was killed in Cyprus in March of this year.
Sipahioglu, a father of two, was rushed to a nearby clinic for surgery after the shooting but died an hour and 20 minutes later, the clinic said.
LOS ANGELES, California, July 4 (AFP)  World Cup goalscorers after Holland's 2-0 victory over Ireland on Monday.
Commenting hours after the rebels seized Kigali and the southern town of Butare, he said the safety zone "constitutes not only a sort of Balkanisation of Rwanda along calculated ethnic lines, but also ensures the government army and militia can consolidate their rear bases."
Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said earlier after meeting Prime Minister Edouard Balladur and Laxande that he believed there was "in principle" no hostility from the RPF to the zone.
Basile, who took over after the 1990 World Cup, won two South American championships and for his first 33 matches in charge Argentina were unbeaten.
Amnesty trying to "dirty" Lebanon's reputation, minister charges  BEIRUT, July 4 (AFP)  Lebanese Justice Minister Bahige Tabbara accused Amnesty International on Monday of trying to "dirty" Lebanon's reputation, after criticism of Beirut for bringing back capital punishment.
During the weekend the regional Catalonian government called on French authorities to send helicopters to fight flames near the French border after three forest fires struck in Camarasa, Puigcerda and Tordera.
In the eastern province of Teruel a serious fire which began Saturday was still blazing Monday, after destroying at least 6,000 hectares (14,800 acres) of woodland "of significant ecological value," authorities said.
He was speaking after a meeting with Belgian Prime Minister Jean-Luc Dehaene during a tour of European Union capitals to find a way out of an embarrassing  crisis over the replacement of Jacques Delors as the EU's chief executive.
The special summit was called after EU leaders reached deadlock at their twice-yearly summit on the Greek island of Corfu on June 25.
At that meeting, Britain vetoed the nomination of Dehaene, who had finally won the backing of all other EU countries after a struggle with rival candidate Ruud Lubbers, prime minister of the Netherlands.
The leg-spinner, who joins the tour at the weekend, helped his side to a dramatic 53-run victory after Worcestershire had looked on course for their victory target of 332.
Mediterranean countries aim to build bridges  ALEXANDRIA, Egypt, July 4 (AFP)  Foreign ministers from 10 Mediterranean countries agreed here Monday to promote cooperation between the states on both sides of the sea after a two-day conference.
A UN officer said at least 200 explosions rocked the region in less than two hours during and after the attacks.
Hezbollah, which spearheads anti-Israeli attacks with the blessing of Syria and the Lebanese government, vowed to fight Israel on all fronts after the raid to avenge its martyrs despite Israeli threats of a massive reprisal.
Israeli fighter planes have carried out several raids on Hezbollah bases in south Lebanon since June 2 after guerrilla attacks on their positions.
Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said earlier after meeting Prime Minister Edouard Balladur and Lanxade that he believed there was "in principle" no hostility from the RPF to the zone.
The warning came as RPF forces moved toward the safety zone, after capturing Butare.
"I told my boys at halftime not to make the same mistake as they did against Morocco here when they scored five minutes after halftime.
The third outburst, after he had lost the second set 7-5, saw him disqualified against American Donald Johnson and fined 2,500 dollars.
Swedish relief after x-rays clear Thern by Erskine McCullough  DALLAS, Texas, July 4 (AFP)  There was a sigh of relief in the Swedish camp on Monday after hospital x-rays revealed that midfield general Jonas Thern had no serious damage to his right knee after being injured in the win over Saudi Arabia.
Thern was replaced in the second half of Sunday's World Cup second round game after he twisted his knee and strained his ligaments.
It will be fine after three or four days' rest," said the 27-year-old Napoli star.
Netanyahu accused Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin of "verbal hooliganism" after the premier said "an odious alliance" had been formed between the rightwingers and the Islamic Resistance Movement (HAMAS) to scupper the peace process.
Jewish settlers who organised a demonstration in Jerusalem late Saturday accused Rabin of "treason" for allowing Arafat to make his historic return visit to the Gaza Strip after a 27 year exile.
Since his arrival on Friday on the Strip after a 27 year exile, Arafat has been particularly impressed by the view of the sea from his hotel.
During the weekend the regional Catalonian government called on French authorities to send helicopters to fight flames near the French border after three forest fires struck in Camarasa, Puigcerda and Tordera.
In the eastern province of Teruel a major fire which began Saturday was still blazing Monday, after destroying at least 6,000 hectares (14,800 acres) of valuable woodland, authorities said.
The announcement follows the return to Gaza last week of Palestine Liberation Organisation leader Yasser Arafat after 27 years in exile.
Clinton said North Atlantic Treaty Organisation states could meet to define terms of entry to the alliance after joint military manoeuvres between NATO countries and former Warsaw Pact states under NATO's Partnership for Peace programme.
He urged both communities not to help extremist groups on either side, especially by offering them hiding places after attacks.
Drilling stopped after southern warplanes raided the area on Thursday, according to northern sources.
The two working-class areas, which were still heavily populated and bustling on Saturday, were almost deserted on Monday after the morning bombardment.
The last truce, agreed by both sides last Thursday in Moscow, collapsed after just 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, the Iranian parliament voiced its support of Yemeni unity during a visit there by northern Yemeni MPs. The south declared the Yemen Democratic Republic on May 21, ending four years of uneasy unity after former conservative North and communist South Yemen were merged in 1990.
The bomb was found in a box of chocolates on the ground floor of the Standa store in the northern city of Verona, timed to go off at 8:OO p.m. (1800 GMT), after police were tipped off by an anonymous telephone call.
On 23 minutes Santos touched his effort wide after throwing himself at a ball played back across an open goal by fellow defender Aldair.
Ramos was unable to resume after half time and Eric Wynalda replaced him.
However, more than 18 months after the signing of an accord to end the war, RENAMO still holds many areas of the center of the country.
Opponents Holland, relishing their best World Cup since twice being runners-up in the 1970s, advanced to the quarter-finals after a 2-0 victory in the second round at the Citrus Bowl.
Mikkelsen, who was roundly booed by the Irish fans after the match for perceived bad decisions, issued only one yellow card in the match to Dutch captain Ronald Koeman for tripping Andy Townsend in the 71st minute.
Endara told local media he made the decision to take in the refugees after a telephone conversation with US President Bill Clinton late Sunday.
Britain to send aid team to Rwanda  LONDON, July 4 (AFP)  Britain will send a team of aid experts to Rwanda this week, London's overseas development minister said Monday after meeting with the civilian head of Rwanda's rebel movement.
Moslem fundamentalists began a guerrilla war against the authorities in January 1992, after the army intervened to cancel elections which the FIS was poised to win.
LOS ANGELES, California, July 4 (AFP)  World Cup goalscorers after Monday's matches: 6: Oleg Salenko (Russia) 5: Jurgen Klinsmann (Germany) 4: Gabriel Batistuta (Argentina), Martin Dahlin (Sweden) 3: Kennet Andersson (Sweden), Gheorghe Hagi (Romania), Romario (Brazil), Hristo Stoichkov (Bulgaria) 2: Philippe Albert (Belgium), Fuad Amin Anwar (S Arabia), Daniel Amokachi (Nigeria), Bebeto (Brazil), Dennis Bergkamp (Holland), Georges Bregy (Switzerland), Jose Luis Caminero (Spain), Claudio Caniggia (Argentina), Ilie Dumitrescu (Romania), Luis Garcia (Mexico), Andoni Goikoetxea (Spain), Hong Myung-Bo (South Korea), Wim Jonk (Holland), Florin Raducioiu (Romania), Adolfo Valencia (Colombia), Rudi Voller (Germany) 1: John Aldridge (Ireland), Sami Al Jaber (S Arabia), Emmanuel Amunike (Nigeria), Dino Baggio (Italy), Abel Balbo (Argentina), Aitor Begiristain (Spain), Daniel Borimirov (Bulgaria), Tomas Brolin (Sweden), Mohamed Chaouch (Morocco), Stephane Chapuisat (Switzerland), Marc Degryse (Belgium), David Embe (Cameroon), Luis Enrique (Spain), George Finidi (Nigeria), Herman Gaviria (Colombia), Fahad Al Ghesheyan (Saudi Arabia), Josep Guardiola (Spain), Fernando Hierro (Spain), Ray Houghton (Republic of Ireland), Hwang Sun-hong (South Korea), Adrian Knup (Switzerland), Yordan Letchkov (Bulgaria), Roger Ljung (Sweden), Harold Lozano (Colombia), Diego Maradona (Argentina), Roger Milla (Cameroon), Hassan Nader (Morocco), Francois Omam-Biyik (Cameroon), Saeed Owairan (Saudi Arabia), Dan Petrescu (Romania), Dimitri Radchenko (Russia), Rai (Brazil), Kjetil Rekdal (Norway), Karlheinz Riedle (Germany), Brian Roy (Holland), Julio Salinas (Spain), Erwin Sanchez (Bolivia), Marcio Santos (Brazil), Seo Jung-Won (South Korea), Samson Siasia (Nigeria), Nasko Sirakov (Bulgaria), Ernie Stewart (USA), Alain Sutter (Switzerland), Gaston Taument (Holland), Eric Wynalda (USA), Rashidi Yekini (Nigeria) Own goal: Andres Escobar (Colombia) bdb94 
Ramos was carried off on an electric buggy for treatment and, suffering from concussion but no fracture, was replaced by Eric Wynalda after half time.
Santos touched his effort wide after throwing himself at a ball played back across an open goal by fellow defender Aldair.
(SAN FRANCISCO) The US, more intent on defence, had few chances, though Ramos might have done better from 25 metres after being set up by a Lalas header.
There was a lengthy delay while Ramos received treatment and Quiniou restored order after the trouble.
Just after the interval Romario had a fabulous chance to open the score, but Thomas Dooley saved the ball on the line.
Coach Berti Vogts expelled Effenberg from the squad after he stuck a finger up at fans during the 3-2 Group C win over South Korea.
You can get on with it with other players," Effenberg says he told Vogts after being thrown out.
Endara told local media he made the decision to take in the refugees after a telephone conversation with US President Bill Clinton late Sunday.
He returned after a two-month break earlier this year to discover that his power has been usurped by new men -- bigger and stronger.
The 26-year-old German, who began his reign at the Championships when he became the youngest-ever men's singles winner as a 17-year-old back in 1985, shook his head after his 2-6, 6-7 (6/8), 4-6 defeat.
As the only super-star driver available to Formula One after the death of Ayrton Senna and the retirement of Alain Prost, Mansell's presence generated worldwide interest likely to have been translated into a boost for the Formula One television sales that Ecclestone handles.
He and David Coulthard, the Williams test driver brought into the team after Senna's death, have been vainly asking the team for various technical changes to the difficult Williams FW16.
He even got a rare ovation from the hard-to-charm football press corps after his post-match conference, held against the backdrop of chanting Irish supporters who were still inside the Citrus Bowl singing an hour after the match.
Ramos was concussed but there was no fracture and he was replaced by Eric Wynalda after half time.
Years of biopsy misdiagnoses spark cancer fears  WELLINGTON, July 5 (AFP)  Health officials have urgently recalled dozens of patients after discovering that a pathologist had been misdiagnosing cancer biopsy tests since at least 1991, a local health authority said Tuesday.
At least 15 patients who were told they did not have cancer now apparently have signs of the disease, while others underwent treatment after being informed they had cancer, only to discover they were clear of the illness.
Baron, who gave up his dental practice to coach full time, took over the national side in January, 1993 after the resignation of Argentinian Cesar Luis Menotti.
He said it was not making tax payments due under an economic accord signed between Israel and the authority in Paris on May 17, after an overall peace deal last September.
He left the courthouse at Evry, south of Paris, without commenting soon after midnight, after spending an hour with D'Huy.
Alcatel's stock plunged on the Paris Bourse on Monday after Suard was taken into custody, falling by 8.31 percent on the day to 541 francs - the low point for the year to date.
He said then that the precaution had been taken on the basis "of an explicit recommendation by the minister responsible for the police" a few days after the assassination of Renault chairman Georges Besse in 1986.
Ramos was concussed and replaced by Eric Wynalda after the interval.
Compatriot Alfio Basile led the Argentinian exodus and will lose his job as national coach after their second-round elimination by Romania.
Their exit came hours after Solari's Saudis had gone out to Sweden.
But Solari, previously Basile's assistant, could be proud of his achievement after getting the dreaded call from the all-powerful Saudi royal family to take on the coaching job in February when Dutchman Leo Beenhakker was sacked.
Solari apparently hesitated before accepting, but performances in the United States should give a tremendous shot in the arm tor football in Saudi Arabia, where the sport really took off after the country's qualification for the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics.
"We are happy with our performance," said Solari whose contract expires after the finals.
Palacios headed the planning ministry for a month, after having run the Ministry of Commerce and Industry from February to May of this year.
Art market still fragile as Japanese stay away  LONDON, July 5 (AFP)  The London art market remains fragile despite some spectacular sales, with the Japanese still staying away and other buyers picking and choosing, experts said here after the latest summer auctions of impressionnist and contemporary works.
His counterpart at Sotheby's, Philip Hook, spoke of "very encouraging sales" though the market was "still in a recovery stage" after the downturn of 1989.
James Mitchell, prime minister of St. Vincent and the Grenadines, made the comment after a meeting between Caribbean Community (CARICOM) leaders and the US envoy on Haiti, William Gray, in the Barbados capital.
Endara told local media he made the decision to take in the refugees after a telephone conversation with US President Bill Clinton late Sunday.
Mexican coach denies new contract deal  EAST RUTHERFORD, New Jersey, July 4 (AFP)  Miguel Mejia Baron denied he had agreed a new four-year contract as Mexico coach on Monday night, only hours after the announcement by the country's football federation.
"It's not true," said Baron after his squad's training session at Giant Stadium here.
Baron underlined that he had never intended to decide his future until after the World Cup.
Baron, who gave up his dental practice to coach full time, took over the national side in January, 1993 after the resignation of Argentinian Cesar Luis Menotti.
Endara told local media he made the decision to take in  the refugees after a telephone conversation with US President Bill Clinton.
In London, Overseas Development Minister Baroness Chalker said Britain will send a team of aid experts to Rwanda this week, after meeting with RPF Secretary General Theogene Rudasingwa.
Last week, witnesses said at least 30 Haitians drowned when a boat carrying some 400 refugees capsized after police fired warning shots at the vessel.
The first club built after the ban was lifted, the Zhongshan Hot Spring Golf Club, opened in 1984.
The visit, scheduled to have started Thursday, was cancelled by Foreign Minister Gareth Evans after Hanoi suddenly imposed restrictions including denial of a visa to a delegation member, Vietnamese-born journalist Quang Luu.
The sentences were carried out by the Beijing Intermediate People's Court on Monday after approval from the Supreme Court.
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher is to meet the Moslem and Croat leaders soon after his arrival here late morning, but the ministers intend to leave it to their officials to convey the plan to the Bosnian factions.
South Korea has shifted much of its labour-intensive production off- shore to China, Vietnam and other low-wage areas after a massive rise in salaries at home.
Historical enemies, China and Vietnam normalised relations in November 1991 after a 12-year diplomatic freeze, agreeing at the same time to settle peacefully border disputes through negotiations.
URGENT  JERICHO, West Bank, July 5 (AFP)  PLO leader Yasser Arafat arrived in the autonomous enclave of Jericho Tuesday after taking a helicopter from Gaza City.
Arafat lands in Jericho  JERICHO, West Bank, July 5 (AFP)  PLO leader Yasser Arafat arrived in the autonomous enclave of Jericho Tuesday after taking a helicopter from Gaza City, correspondents reported.
However there was no repeat of the tumultuous welcome of last Friday when he entered Gaza after 27 years exile.
But despite playing one man down for an entire half after the expulsion of a player, Brazil had too much savvy for the Americans and qualified for the quarter-finals with a lone goal by Bebeto in the 73rd minute.
Malaysian TV negotiates new deal with CNN after row with BBC  KUALA LUMPUR, July 5 (AFP)  Malaysia's state-owned television station is negotiating a new deal with US-based Cable News Network (CNN) for supply of foreign news after a row with the British Broadcasting Corp.
RTM ran into problems with the BBC in May after the British station protested against the censorship of foreign news bulletins it provided.
Officials said RTM's ties with other cable news stations would be further enhanced after Malaysia launches its maiden satellite next year.
Afghan woman commits suicide outside UNHCR office  NEW DELHI, July 5 (AFP)  An Afghan refugee who complained of harassment by three Afghan men died after setting herself on fire outside a UN office here, police and UN sources said Tuesday.
Ajlal Mohammed, 30, set her clothes on fire in the incident Monday without warning soon after handing over a letter in Farsi to the office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, a UN diplomat said.
However there was no repeat of the tumultuous welcome of last Friday when he entered Gaza after 27 years exile.
The sentences were carried out by the Beijing Intermediate People's Court on Monday after approval from the Supreme Court.
Its validity was called into question after North Korea admitted afterwards that it had reprocessed spent fuel at a radiochemical laboratory, which the South and its allies say is a reprocessing facility.
The artillery exchanges, which did not appear to have been accompanied by infantry movement, flared after a relatively quiet day Monday.
He will retire after the Kangaroo tour of Britain at the end of this season.
North is five kilometers from Mukalla, independent source says  ADEN, Yemen, July 5 (AFP)  Northern forces were on Tuesday five kilometers (three miles) from Mukalla after breaking through defenses around the port city where southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid is based, an independent source said.
Aden and Mukalla, where Baid moved two weeks after war broke out on May 5, are the last strongholds of southern forces which declared a separate state on May 21.
The event starts in Auckland on July 29 and finishes three days later at Auckland, after more than 500 gruelling kilometres (310 miles) of special stages through the central North Island.
Simpson due back in court  LOS ANGELES, July 5 (AFP)  Football great O.J. Simpson will be back in court Tuesday after a three-day recess in the preliminary hearing to decide whether he should stand trial for the grisly murders of his ex-wife and her male friend.
Main attorney Robert Shapiro has argued that after finding the mutilated bodies of Nicole Simpson, 35, amd Ronald Goldman, 25 outside her plush condominium, police entered Simpson's mansion without first getting a warrant.
Simpson, who was jailed after a bizarre car chase down a Los Angeles freeway shown live on national television, claims he is innocent in the slayings.
Chancellor Helmut Kohl also raised the question in his talks with Li on Monday, after members of his own Christian Democrat party complained the government's Asian policy neglected human rights.
Masahiko Komura, director-general of the Economic Planning Agency (EPA), expressed the view just after the new cabinet of socialist Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama had adopted the package which had been announced last week by former Tsutomu Hata's government.
Dutch hooligans go on rampage  THE HAGUE, July 5 (AFP)  Around 1,500 Dutch football hooligans went on the rampage here on Monday night after Holland's World Cup victory over Ireland, police sources revealed.
There were also disturbances in Utrecht and a policeman received a head injury after being struck by a can of beer.
Police put the trouble down to drink and admitted they had been caught out, expecting a party of celebration after the team's 2-0 second- round win in Orlando -- not riots.
Before he landed, after over-flying Israel and the West Bank, troops forcibly dispersed 200 settlers blocking a dozen buses heading for Jericho.
The public squabble in the fragile coalition erupted only three days after an attempted coup allegedly implicating former interior minister Sin Song and Prince Ranariddh's half-brother, Prince Norodom Chakrapong.
Ye promised that priority would be given to considering plans by such investors after 1996.
Washington agreed to reopen the high-level talks after North Korean paramount leader Kim Il-Sung offered to freeze his suspected nuclear program when he received former US president Jimmy Carter in mid-June in Pyongyang.
In the previous rounds, the hardline communist state "suspended" the decision after the United States agreed to discuss the nuclear issue in a package deal, which could also lead Washington to consider diplomatic recognition and aid for the North.
A meeting with President Bill Clinton would be the most important of these, especially after the preceding government of Tsutomu Hata had attempted to unblock Japan-US talks on ways of reducing Japan's huge trade surplus.
Cooperation and planning minister Nabil Shaath said Faisal Husseini, who was appointed a minister without portfolio by Arafat, did not take the oath because he would "continue to look after Jerusalem, in Jerusalem."
The centre-right daily Milliyet noted that the Turkish diplomat had been "pinpointed as a target" after Greek ultra-nationalist papers, including the weekly "Stohos," published the names and addresses of Turkish diplomats described as "enemies of Greece."
Warren Christopher due in Seoul after summit: report  SEOUL, July 5 (AFP)  US Secretary of State Warren Christopher is expected in Seoul after the July 25-27 all-Korean summit to discuss the outcome with South Korean officials, Yonhap news agency said Tuesday.
Man released after over six years detention  ABIDJAN, July 5 (AFP)  An Abidjan court has released a 35-year-old man detained without trial for over six years after he was charged with murdering his teacher, the daily Fraternite-Matin reported Tuesday.
Dollar firms before US Federal Reserve meeting  LONDON, July 5 (AFP)  The dollar firmed slightly early on Tuesday before a  meeting of the open market committee of the US Federal Reserve later in the day, and after overnight intervention by the Bank of Japan, dealers said.
North is five kilometers from Mukalla, independent source says by Jean-Herve Deiller  ADEN, Yemen, July 5 (AFP)  Northern forces closed in Tuesday on southern leader Ali Salem al- Baid's city of Mukalla and resumed shelling of Aden after killing 41 civilians there in the war's worst bombardment, sources here said.
An independent source said northern Yemeni forces were within five kilometers (three miles) of Mukalla, a port 700 kilometers (434 miles) east of here, after breaking through southern defenses on Monday.
Aden and Mukalla, where Baid moved two weeks after war broke out on May 5, are the last strongholds of southern forces which declared a separate state on May 21.
Northern forces on Tuesday resumed shelling of Aden, wounding three people after Monday's bombardment left 41 people dead and 231 wounded, according to a final hospital toll released Tuesday.
The two working-class areas, which were still heavily populated and bustling on Saturday, were almost deserted on Monday after the morning bombardment.
The last truce, agreed by both sides last Thursday in Moscow, collapsed after just 20 minutes.
(picture) Journalists resume noisy protests, ignore official warnings  JAKARTA, July 5 (AFP)  About 150 Indonesian journalists resumed noisy protests on behalf of three banned news publications Tuesday, less than a week after Indonesian security officials vowed to smash any new demonstrations.
Baid took shelter there soon after war broke out on May 5 between his forces and northern troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh.
The offensive took place after the most intense northern bombardment of the war killed 41 people in Aden on Monday.
Russia to release Japanese fisherman after seven-month detention  TOKYO, July 5 (AFP)  Russia will release a Japanese fisherman who has been detained for more than seven months on one of the disputed northern Kuril islands claimed by both countries, the foreign ministry said Tuesday.
Only about 5,000 attended an open-air reception which had been expected to attract vast crowds for the "president's" first visit to the West Bank after 27 years in exile.
Cooperation and planning minister Nabil Shaath said Faisal Husseini, who was appointed a minister without portfolio by Arafat, did not take the oath because he would "continue to look after Jerusalem, in Jerusalem."
    July 5 (AFP) - The 1000 GMT news agenda:                    Duty editor: Claire Rosemberg                    Tel Paris (33-1) 40.41.46.36     ADEN,     Yemen:         Northern forces enter Aden and capture the                    second southern stronghold of Mukalla                    after unleashing the worst bombardment                    of the southern capital since war began                    in May.
                   France-Rwanda-Mitterrand,lead                    600 words around 1130 GMT                    by Sinan Fisek     PARIS:         Pierre Suard, the chairman of France's                    telecommunications gian Alcatel, holds                    press conference after being charged with                    fraud.
                    Yugo-Bosnia-Mostar                     500 words around 1200 GMT                     by Francis Curta     PHNOM PENH:     Three days after thwarting an attempted                     coup, Cambodia's fragile coalition suffers                     new strains as it bickers publicly over                     a plan to outlaw the far-left Khmer Rouge.
The oil sector fell after the failure of Enterprise's bid for Lasmo last week.
Volume was swollen by large-scale trading in Alcatel-Alsthom, which had fallen by 8.3 percent on Monday after chairman Pierre Suard was detained for questioning by magistrates.
Several deaths around the country have been attributed to electrocution after power pylons were uprooted by flooding.
It does not want war," Mitterrand told a press conference after a meeting with South African President Nelson Mandela.
But he intended to press the stock market commission to investigate the circumstances surrounding a sharp fall in the price of shares in Alcatel-Alsthom immediately after news of his arrest became known.
The offensive took place after the most intense northern bombardment of the war killed 41 people and wounded 231 others in Aden on Monday, hospital officials said.
Baid took shelter in Mukalla soon after war broke out on May 5 after a nine-month dispute about sharing power in Yemen, the product of a troubled four-year union between the former Marxist South and tribal North Yemen.
The artillery exchanges, which did not appear to have been accompanied by infantry movement, flared after a relatively quiet day on Monday.
Chinese nationalists fled the mainland in 1949 after losing a civil war to the communists.
Butare abandoned, looted, the day after its capture by Hocine Zaourar  BUTARE, Rwanda, July 5  The day after its capture by forces of the Tutsi-led Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF), Rwanda's second largest city was quiet Tuesday, abandoned by inhabitants and looted, witnesses said.
Almost all the residents of the southern town, whose fall came after a short siege by rebel forces, have fled into the largely Hutu-held area to the west, where French troops plan to set up a security zone, or gone into hiding in the surrounding countryside.
URGENT  SANAA, July 5 (AFP)  Northern Yemeni forces seized control of Aden's airport after marching into the southern city in early afternoon, a military spokesman said here.
Monthly output is targetted at 300 tonnes in the first year, rising to 500 tonnes after two years.
The feat of endurance, which ended Monday night after more than five days and five nights, was two hours better than last year's attempt and is expected to make the Guinness Book of Records.
Twelve succumbed to sleep, tiredness or sore behinds, in night temperature which dipped to eight degrees Celsius (46 degrees Fahrenheit), falling into the water after 50 or 60 hours of discomfort, despite over 50,000 spectators and several naked "sirens" egging them on.
The day after troops of the rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) took the Rwandan capital, Kigali, Mitterrand told a joint press conference here with his host, Nelson Mandela, that "the RPF is not our adversary."
Immediately after the press conference, he flew to Johannesburg, where, along with Mandela, he will visit the sprawling black township of Soweto.
He flies back to Paris after a series of receptions in Johannesburg.
North says it has seized Aden aiport  SANAA, July 5 (AFP)  Northern Yemeni forces seized control of Aden's airport after marching into the southern city on Tuesday, a military spokesman said here.
Graf sued them after they released the record in 1992.
Li met earlier Tuesday with Germany's new head of state Roman Herzog, whose first official engagement it was, after talks Monday with Chancellor Helmut Kohl in which the human rights question also figured.
Israeli troops cleared about a dozen roadblocks on West Bank highways as Arafat took an Egyptian helicopter from Gaza for his first visit to Jericho after 27 years in exile.
France has deployed some 2,500 troops in an operation launched from neighbouring Zaire to protect Rwandan civilians from ethnic massacres after two months of civil war which has claimed up to 500,000 lives.
Fighting between the two communities -- formerly allies against the Serbs -- broke out after international negotiators Cyrus Vance and David Owen suggested partitioning the country along ethnic lines, with control of Mostar and its region going to the Croats.
He stood behind a table, which also held a Bible, after being called up by Salim Zaanun, speaker of the Palestinian National Council.
Shaath said Faisal Husseini, who was appointed a minister without portfolio by Arafat, did not take the oath because he would "continue to look after Jerusalem, in Jerusalem."
The offensive took place after the heaviest northern bombardment of the war killed 41 people and wounded 231 others in Aden on Monday, hospital officials said.
Former vice president Baid took shelter in Mukalla soon after war broke out on May 5 following a nine-month dispute about running Yemen, created when the former Marxist South and tribal North Yemen were merged in May 1990.
The incident came two weeks after a bomb exploded on June 20 killing at least 24 people and wounded 70 others at the mausoleum of Imam Reza in Mashhad, Iran's holiest Shiite Moslem shrine.
The centre-right daily Milliyet noted that the Turkish diplomat had been "pinpointed as a target" after Greek ultra-nationalist papers, including the weekly "Stohos," published the names and addresses of Turkish diplomats described as "enemies of Greece."
With the Kiwis reaching 288-7, the players trooped off the field 15 minutes ahead of schedule for an early lunch after the rain, which had already halted procedings for 20 minutes earlier in the session, returned to dampen English celebrations.
A magnificent diving catch at cover by Graham Gooch had given England, with the new ball, renewed hope of victory after Parore had square cut fiercely a ball from Phil DeFreitas.
    July 5 (AFP) - We will move the following features:     WASHINGTON:    A month after pleading for East-West                    integration in Europe, President Bill                    Clinton travels to Warsaw this week in                    a bid to calm fears among Moscow's former                    satellites about a resurgence in Russian                    expansionism.
Clinton seeks to reassure central Europe by Christian Chaise  WASHINGTON, July 5 (AFP)  A month after pleading for East-West integration in Europe, President Bill Clinton travels to Warsaw this week in a bid to calm fears among Moscow's former satellites about a resurgence in Russian expansionism.
It was established in 1990 as part of a stopgap effort to diversify the pool of incoming US immigrants, after the 1970s saw a surge in immigration from Central America, the Caribbean and Southeast Asia.
The incident comes two weeks after a bomb exploded on June 20 killing at least 24 people and wounding 70 others in the mausoleum of Imam Reza in Mashhad, Iran's holiest Shiite Moslem shrine.
The move failed to prevent the US administration from designating China Thursday as a priority foreign country under the US Trade Act's Super 301 provision, which calls for a six-month investigation, with a possible 90-day extension, after which sanctions can be imposed.
Fragile township peace shattered  JOHANNESBURG, July 5 (AFP)  Three people were killed Tuesday in a random attack on taxi commuters in Katlehong, leading to fears that the bloody conflict that plagued the black townships east of here was returning after a lull since South Africa's first all-race election in April.
The SDUs were established by the African National Congress, which came to power after sweeping the April 26-29 election, ostensibly to protect township dwellers from attacks by the rival IFP and the apartheid police.
Three people attending the court were also badly injured when the man, who was not identified, unleashed a volley of bullets after a quarrel with the clergyman judge and witnesses, it said.
The public squabble in the often shaky coalition erupted only three days after an attempted coup allegedly led by former interior minister Sin Song and Prince Ranariddh's half-brother and bitter foe, Prince Norodom Chakrapong.
The Fatah fell out of favour with many Palestinian refugees in Lebanon after the historic PLO-Israeli handshake on September 13 which led to the signing of the May 4 agreement launching self-rule in the Gaza Strip and Jericho.
Sympathy for the PLO also fell after the organisation drastically reduced financial, social and medical aid to Lebanon's refugees following the start of the Middle East peace conference in Madrid in October 1991.
Ten days ago the PLO leadership sent 450,000 dollars to Lebanon to pay the salaries of its employees and Palestinian families who have lost a "martyr" in the struggle against Israel after a 15-month delay, and promised to resume monthly payments soon.
The decision came at the first official "cabinet" meeting of the new authority after PLO chairman Yasser Arafat and his 12 ministers swore on oath of office.
Last week, witnesses said at least 30 Haitians drowned when a boat carrying some 400 refugees capsized after police fired warning shots at the vessel, causing those on board to panic.
Ministers from Britain, France, Germany, Russia and the United States arrived for the key talks -- billed as a last chance for the belligerents to agree peace or face tougher international sanctions -- at the Russian mission in Geneva shortly after 3:00 p.m. (1300 GMT).
The two others injured, including a hostess, were discharged after first aid.
"A foam-like condition on the field caused by rainwater and mud prevented a major disaster," the pilot said, adding that the plane skidded some 500 metres (yards) and came to a halt after hitting a tree.
The offensive took place after the heaviest northern bombardment of the war killed 41 people and wounded 231 others in Aden on Monday, hospital officials said.
Former vice president Baid took shelter in Mukalla soon after war broke out on May 5 following a nine-month dispute about running Yemen, created when the former Marxist South and tribal North Yemen were merged in May 1990.
"We agreed to this because in preparing for such a link, we can't wait until the policy is changed," Huang Kun-huei, chairman of the cabinet- level Mainland Affairs Council (MAC), said after the meeting.
Taiwan's MAC is reluctant to further ease its ties with Beijing after the March 31 arson attack on 24 Taiwanese tourists on a boat cruise in China.
They again went to war in 1965 and since then the dispute has continued to bedevil their relations, especially after the outbreak of a militant separatist campaign in 1989 in the Indian-held zone.
The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials picked up 1.95 point to 3,648.60 about 30 minutes after trading resumed.
Ministers from Britain, France, Germany, Russia and the United States arrived for the key talks -- billed as a last chance for the belligerents to agree peace or face tougher international sanctions -- at the Russian mission in Geneva shortly after 3:00 p.m. (1300 GMT).
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher arrived for brief bilateral talks with Kozyrev shortly before the ministerial meeting opened and after meeting senior Bosnian officials.
The plan, whose details have not been fully divulged, will be submitted to the warring parties after their meeting Tuesday and they are expected to respond within two weeks.
Southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid has been based in Mukalla, 700 kilometres (434 miles) east of Aden, since shortly after war broke out in May.
Chanting "We strongly oppose the ruling Kuomintang (KMT) single- handedly revise the constitution," the DPP deputies finally managed to get the session suspended after the chairman failed to restore order.
Arafat and his colleagues pledged to be "faithful to the homeland" at a swearing-in ceremony shortly after he flew in from Gaza by helicopter.
Belgian Johan Museeuw ripped the leadership from his grasp after his GB-MG team won the third stage 66.5km team time trial between Calais and the Eurotunnel.
Boardman put in a heroic performance after his GAN outfit were hit by a series of problems but Museeuw, winner of the Amstel Gold Race earlier this season, wiped out the 23 seconds he needed to take the race 0lead.
Last year, Rominger's hopes of overall victory were destroyed when his under-strength team finished with only five men after a series of punctures and was then hit with a one-minute penalty for pushing.
Wednesday's 204km stage takes place between Dover and Brighton after the competitors have been transferred to England through the Channel tunnel.
Keys was Finance Minister under the previous white-minority government and retained his portfolio in President Nelson Mandela's government of national unity, which came into existence after the first all-race election in April.
The Prince of Scandinavia will only resume service on July 16 after repairs to a damaged hull.
(new series) Arafat leaves Jericho after historic day-trip  JERICHO, West Bank, July 5 (AFP)  PLO chairman Yasser Arafat left the self-rule enclave of Jericho by helicopter on Tuesday heading back to the Gaza Strip, an AFP correspondent said.
Speaking to journalists a day after the Tutsi-led rebels gained control of the capital Kigali and most of the country, he said the RPF was "not looking for confrontation" with French forces but "there are other people who can shoot."
France has deployed some 2,500 troops in Operation Turquoise, launched from neighbouring Zaire two weeks ago to protect Rwandan civilians from ethnic massacres after two months of civil war which has claimed up to 500,000 lives.
The High Court had on Friday approved an application by Alan Yeo to wind up the Yeo clan's family company, Yeo Hiap Seng Holdings, after concluding that the in-fighting had reached a point where the company could no longer function.
Company officials said the Charles Yeo faction abandoned its plan to oust Alan Yeo after property magnate Ng Teng Fong indicated he would throw his almost 21 percent stake in Yeo Hiap Seng Ltd.
                   Rwanda-refugees, moved                    by Michel Cariou     JOHANNESBURG:  French President Francois Mitterrand goes                    walkabout in Soweto after in-depth talks                    with President Nelson Mandela on bilateral                    cooperation.
Rabbi Moshe Hirsh, leader of the ultra-orthodox Jewish sect Neturei Karta which opposes the state of Israel and zionism, attended the ceremony after embracing Arafat during the official reception.
Only about 5,000 attended an open-air reception which had been expected to attract vast crowds for the "president's" first visit to the West Bank after 27 years in exile.
Addressing journalists after a joint session of the European Commission and the German government in Bonn to prepare the German presidency, neither man was prepared to say who might succeed Delors as commission president.
Kohl has called a special summit in Brussels on July 15 to settle the question after British Prime Minister John Major last month vetoed the Franco-German favourite, Belgian premier Jean-Luc Dehaene.
Last week, witnesses said at least 30 Haitians drowned when a boat carrying some 400 refugees capsized after police fired warning shots at the vessel, causing those on board to panic.
The official announcement, reported by the domestic SAPA news agency, came after strong rumours of Keys' resignation caused turmoil on the financial markets and the stock exchange.
US ambassador David Merrill, praising the move to end the use of children, said "an inspiring and progressive new chapter awaited Bangladesh's garment industry after it got rid of child labour," the Financial Express newspaper reported.
   New Zealand match drawn     MANCHESTER, England, July 5 (AFP) - England and New Zealand drew third and  final Test match here Tuesday after play was abandoned on fifth day because of  persistent rain.
Southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid has been based in Mukalla, 700 kilometres (434 miles) east of Aden, since shortly after war broke out in May.
Two of Arafat's "ministers" left behind in Tunis  TUNIS, July 5 (AFP)  Two of Yasser Arafat's new "ministers" missed a swearing-in ceremony for the Palestinian Authority in Jericho on Tuesday, after a mysterious snub from the PLO chief.
The official announcement came after strong rumours of Keys' resignation had caused turmoil on the financial markets and the stock exchange.
Keys was finance minister under the previous white-minority government and retained his portfolio in President Nelson Mandela's government of national unity, which came into existence after the first all-race election in April.
In Sanaa, a government spokesman said northern forces captured the airport in Mukalla, 700 kilometers (434 miles) east of here where Baid has been based since shortly after war broke out on May 5.
The two-pronged offensive took place after the heaviest northern bombardment of the war killed 41 people and wounded 231 others in Aden on Monday, hospital officials said.
"No way did the army prevent the Palestinians from going to the ceremony organized in Jericho," Rabin said on state radio after Arafat accused Israel of stopping Palestinians.
Only about 5,000 people greeted Arafat in the autonomous West Bank enclave after the organizers announced that 250,000 were expected.
Last week, witnesses said at least 30 Haitians drowned when a boat carrying some 400 refugees capsized after police fired warning shots at the vessel, causing those on board to panic.
He was evasive about the threat of nuclear material thefts, a main theme of his earlier comments, after Russian secret police chief Sergei Stepashin asked him to substantiate his claims.
Nazareth mayor killed in car crash near Jericho  JERUSALEM, July 5 (AFP)  The mayor of Nazareth, Tawfik Ziad, a member of the Israeli parliament died in a car crash on Tuesday as he left Jericho after the visit to the self-enclave by PLO chairman Yasser Arafat, police said.
Demonstrations in Egypt have been banned since an emergency law was passed after the assassination of President Anwar Sadat in 1981.
Meanwhile, five lawyers arrested last month for distributing "anti- government" leaflets, were released Tuesday after appeals from the Egyptian bar association.
Vieira, who came to power after a coup in November 1980, is the presidential candidate of the ruling African Party for the Independence of Guinea-Bissau and Cape Verde.
Speaking in the Rwandan capital a day after Tutsi-led rebels gained control of Kigali and most of the country, Rwandan Patriotic Front military leader General Paul Kagame also said the RPF was "not looking for confrontation" with French forces.
France has deployed some 2,500 troops in Operation Turquoise, launched from neighbouring Zaire on June 23 to protect Rwandan civilians from ethnic massacres after two months of civil war which has claimed up to 500,000 lives.
The attack on the theatre in Pune came a day after a court send actor Sanjay Dutt back to jail and rejected his bail application until the completion of a probe into the serial blasts, the world's worst urban terror attack.
Investigators say Moslem gangsters owing allegiance to Ibrahim carried out the bombings in revenge for Hindu militant attacks on their community during the riots that erupted after the December 1992 destruction of the Babri mosque in Ayodhya.
Key midfielder Dino Baggio, Parma's new signing, is ruled out by a thigh injury and in comes AC Milan's Roberto Donadoni, dropped after the Ireland defeat.
In attack Pierluigi Casiraghi is dropped after two games and super sub Daniele Massaro of AC Milan, enjoying an Indian summer at 33, gets his first start.
The announcement came after talks among the foreign ministers of Russia, Germany, the United States, France and Britain.
The announcement came after talks among the foreign ministers of Russia, Germany, the United States, France and Britain and UN representatives.
A plan under discussion previously gave 51 percent to the Croat-Moslem federation and 49 percent to the Bosnian Serbs, who currently control 70 percent after more than two years of the worst fighting in Europe since World War II.
Kamana, who is currently in hiding, was "the direct commander of the assassination of President N'Dadaye", killed with a knife after his arrest last October, a coroner found.
The north London club were fined 600,000 pounds, deducted 12 points from their next Premiership campaign and banned from next season's FA Cup after being found guilty of making the payments to their stars, including England international Paul Gascoigne.
It sank a year after it was set up with embezzlement amounting to 150 billion lire (95 million dollars).
Forget, who is nearing his best again after almost a season out with a knee injury, won 6-3, 7-5.
Forget is now back at 213 in the world after winning at Eastbourne and reaching the fourth round at Wimbledon before running into Goran Ivanisevic.
Other indicators, however, seemed to recover although official confirmation of the resignation came only after the markets closed.
Last week, witnesses said at least 30 Haitians drowned when a boat carrying some 400 refugees capsized after police fired warning shots at the vessel, causing those on board to panic.
Bonner, dumped by Celtic at the end of last season on a free transfer after 16 years at the top, is set to join their Scottish league rivals Kilmarnock.
Cadbury Schweppes was off 10 pence to 422 after a NatWest sell recommendation.
The Paris Bourse did better, rising late in the day after a bout of weakness during the first part of the session.
The stronger trend Tuesday was due in large part to the recovery staged by Alcatel-Alsthom, which had plunged by 8.3 percent on Monday after its chairman was taken into custody for questioning about financial matters.
Aluminium dropped one dollar to 1,519 dollars per tonne after recording a 39-month closing high on Monday at 1,520 dollars per tonne.
(changing dateline) Arafat arrives back in Gaza from Jericho after historic day-trip  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 5 (AFP)  PLO chairman Yasser Arafat arrived back in the Gaza Strip Tuesday after a historic day-trip to the self-rule enclave of Jericho.
"No way did the army prevent the Palestinians from going to the ceremony organized in Jericho," Rabin said on state radio after Arafat accused Israel of stopping Palestinians.
Irish shun party  DUBLIN, Eire, July 5 (AFP)  A gala reception for the Irish World Cup squad has been called off after players and manager Jack Charlton gave it the thumbs down.
Up to 300,000 people had been expected to throng the capital's Phoenix Park to welcome the squad home from the USA, after they were knocked out of the World Cup in a 2-0 defeat by Holland on Monday.
Two other people attending the court were also badly wounded when Mohammad Ali Faridi unleashed a volley of bullets after a quarrel with the clergyman judge, it said.
A minute later Nigeria suffered a serious blow when their star midfielder Dan Amokachi was carried off after damaging an ankle in a tackle.
While he was away Baggio slammed a free kick into the Nigerian defensive wall from dangerously close after a handball.
At a press conference in Cape Town after the first round of talks, Mandela was decidedly upbeat.
(new series)(picture) Simpson back in court for preliminary hearing  LOS ANGELES, July 5 (AFP)  The driver who took O.J. Simpson to the airport shortly after the football star's ex-wife and her friend were murdered saw a black person with a large build enter Simpson's front door as he waited for him.
Limousine driver Allan Park was the first witness to take the stand as the high-profile preliminary hearing on whether Simpson should stand trial for the double murder resumed after a three-day break.
Shapiro has argued that after finding the mutilated bodies of Nicole Simpson, 35, and Ronald Goldman, 25, outside her condominium June 12, police entered Simpson's walled estate without first getting a warrant.
O.J. Simpson, who was jailed after a nationally televised car chase down a Los Angeles freeway, claims he is innocent in the slayings.
And a government spokesman said northern forces had captured the airport in Mukalla, 700 kilometers (430 miles) east of here where southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid has been based since shortly after war broke out on May 5.
Rain saves the Kiwis  MANCHESTER, England, July 5 (AFP)  New Zealand salvaged a draw, and a little bit of pride, after a second successive rain-ravaged day in the third and final Test against England at Old Trafford on Tuesday.
He finally returned to the pavilion for the last time after edging a DeFreitas away swinger to the grateful Graeme Hick during the second of Tuesday morning's brief periods of play.
The incident comes two weeks after a bomb exploded on June 20 killing at least 24 people and wounding 70 others in the mausoleum of Imam Reza in Mashhad, Iran's holiest Shiite Moslem shrine.
URGENT  BOSTON, Massachusetts, July 5 (AFP)  Italy and Nigeria were level 1-1 after 90 minutes of their World Cup second round match here Tuesday.
If the dollar falls further, after already hitting historic lows against the Japanese yen, its slide could take a toll on the bond market and Wall Street.
But Wall Street's JP Morgan contends that "with the economy already operating at full employment, the Federal Reserve needs to raise interest rates aggressively and quickly in order to engineer a soft landing for the economy" after strong growth late last year.
Gianfranco Zola was ordered off 12 minutes after coming on as a substitute.
The contact group's announcement came after some three hours of talks among the foreign ministers of Russia, Germany, the United States, France, Britain and Greece and UN representatives.
Serb forces currently control some 70 percent of Bosnia after more than two years of the worst fighting in Europe since World War II.
In a statement, the Congress of South African Trade Unions said Keys' resignation so soon after delivering the budget on June 22 would be interpreted as a vote of no confidence in Mandela's government.
Dino Baggio, brought on in place of Nicola Berti, cleared off the line immediately after Roberto Baggio's penalty as Rasidi Yekini hesitated in front of an open goal.
reopens (BOSTON) Italy's chances had appeared slim after a seasoned veteran and a World Cup newcomer looked to have condemned them to a swift exit.
Nigeria had suffered a serious blow when their star midfielder Dan Amokachi was carried off after damaging an ankle in a first half tackle.
Khatib, who was born in Jerusalem, was expelled by Israel to Jordan after Israeli forces captured East Jerusalem from Jordanian rule during the 1967 Middle East war.
Gianfranco Zola was ordered off 12 minutes after coming on as a substitute by Mexican referee Arturo Brizio Carter, who has sent a man off in all three matches he has handled.
Nigeria led after 26 minutes and were only two minutes away from an historic win when the World and European player of 1993 struck.
The first woman was held early Tuesday after attempting to smuggle a bomb into the shrine of the founder of the Islamic republic, the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, in a Tehran suburb.
They came two weeks after a bomb blast on June 20 killed at least 24 people and wounded 70 others in the mausoleum of Imam Reza in Mashhad, Iran's holiest Shiite Moslem shrine.
Nigeria had suffered a serious blow when their star midfielder Dan Amokachi was carried off after damaging an ankle in a first half tackle.
LOS ANGELES, California, July 5 (AFP)  Tuesday's World Cup results Second round (Boston) Italy 2 (R Baggio 88, 101 pen) Nigeria 1 (Amunike 26), after extra time H-t: 0-1 Full-time: 1-1 Italy: Luca Marchegiani, Antonio Benarrivo, Alessandro Costacurta, Paolo Maldini, Roberto Mussi, Nicola Berti (Dino Baggio 46), Demetrio Albertini, Roberto Donadoni, Guiseppe Signori (Gianfranco Zola 64), Roberto Baggio, Daniele Massaro Nigeria: Peter Rufai, Augustine Eguavoen, Uche Okechukwu, Chidi Nwanu, Mike Emenalo, Austin Okacha, Daniel Amokachi (Mutiu Adepoju 35), Sunday Oliseh, Finidi George, Rasheed Yekini, Emmanuel Amunike (Thompson Oliha 58) Referee: Arturo Brizio Carter (Mexico) Att: 54,367 Bookings Italy: Massaro (6), Costacurta (30), Signori (60), D.
LOS ANGELES, California, July 5 (AFP)  World Cup goalscorers after Italy's 2-1 victory over Nigeria in extra time.
But the deal collapsed after IRI's stock price fell.
Right after their morning arrival, the three are due to meet for an hour.
Friends say they are worried following the murder of Colombian World Cup defender Andres Escobar, who was shot on Saturday in Medellin after scoring an own goal in the United States.
Both Egypt and Jordan have hailed Arafat's return to the Palestinian self-rule areas after a 27-year exile, but Syria has denounced it.
You have your own problems that led you to take her, Inspector Harry Shepherd said, referring to Abbie Humphries, who was snatched from the Queen's Medical Centre here on Friday, four hours after being born.
Keys announced his resignation soon after the close of trading Tuesday after rumours that he was leaving sent the market into a tailspin.
Other indicators, however, seemed to recover although official confirmation of the resignation came only after the markets closed.
UN closes its mission in Herat after bombing by Dostam planes  KABUL, July 5 (AFP)  The United Nations has closed down its mission at Herat in western Afghanistan and evacuated all foreign personnel to neighbouring Iran, sources here said Tuesday.
Under the Sharia, or Islamic law which came into force after the Iranian revolution in 1979, "all Moslems who renounce Islam are considered blasphemers" for which the sentence is the death penalty.
The Assembly of God's Haik Hovsepian, was murdered in the southern suburbs of Tehran on January 20, a day after he was abducted while travelling by car to Tehran airport.
But, from the bottom of my heart, it was not intentional," Leonardo said after a Tuesday run-out for Brazil's reserve players at Santa Clara University.
"I felt much better after he accepted my apology," the Brazilian said.
Digital Equipment was up 1/4 to 19-1/4 after it announced it was selling its hard drive sector to Quantum.
"While we all understand their weariness after expending blood and treasure for four years," he said, the force "must stay on the course to bring the process to conclusion."
These were the first to be designated after the enactment of the a law to acquire five million hectares of prime farmland to resettle hundreds of thousand of landless black peasants.
A ruling in the case is expected after High Court Judge, Justice Godfrey Chidyausiku, has considered the submissions.
But it was feared the death toll could rise as fighting continued after nightfall in the Khormaksar district next to Aden airport, three kilometers (two miles) from the city center.
In Sanaa, a government spokesman said northern forces captured the airport in Mukalla, 700 kilometers (434 miles) east of here where southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid has been based since shortly after war broke out on May 5.
The war erupted after months of tension in Yemen, created when the former Marxist South and tribal North Yemen were merged in May 1990.
Mexico could have been killed off in the Bulgarian purple patch that followed Stoichkov's goal but they got back in the match in the 17th minute after Emil Kremenliev got tangled with left winger Luis Alvez as they jostled for position in the box.
The Bulgarians continued to dominate after the equaliser.
The best Bulgarian chance fell to Balakov after Daniel Borimirov opened up the Mexican defence down the right, six minutes from the break.
Five minutes after the re-start Kremenliev was sent off for pulling Luis Alvez's shirt.
Mitterrand jets out after two-day S.
African visit  JOHANNESBURG, July 5 (AFP)  French President Francois Mitterrand departed for Paris from Jan Smuts airport here late Tuesday after a two-day South African visit during which he held lengthy talks with President Nelson Mandela.
reopens (NEW YORK) Luis Alves, Mexico's two-goal hero against Ireland in their last group game, was also sent off after 57 minutes for dangerous play.
Italy, 1-0 behind with 88 minutes gone and down to 10 men after a 76th minute sending off, were mentally packing their bags for Rome when Baggio struck.
Nigeria led after 26 minutes and were only two minutes away from an historic win when Baggio struck.
Nigeria had suffered a serious blow when their star front runner Dan Amokachi was carried off after damaging an ankle in a first half tackle.
URGENT  NEW YORK, July 5 (AFP)  Mexico and Bulgaria were level 1-1 after 90 minutes of their World Cup second round match here on Tuesday and extra-time was being played.
He was shown the red card after 57 minutes when he kicked Ivailo Iordanov in the chest as he tried to win a bouncing ball.
(picture) Testimony questions Simpson alibi in murder as hearing resumes  LOS ANGELES, July 5 (AFP)  O.J. Simpson could not be found at his estate shortly after his ex- wife and her friend were killed, a limousine driver testified at a preliminary hearing Tuesday.
Simpson's lawyer Robert Shapiro has argued that after finding the bodies, police took evidence from Simpson's walled estate without a search warrant.
Los Angeles police detective Mark Fuhrman testified that after finding blood on the Ford Bronco parked outside Simpson's mansion he feared there was an emergency situation inside and scaled the wall.
Simpson, who was jailed after a nationally televised car chase down a Los Angeles freeway, claims he is innocent in the slayings.
Now I see him everywhere," said Bruguera after his latest success.
Forget, a quarter-finalist at Wimbledon who is nearing his best again after almost a season out with a knee injury, won 6-3, 7-5.
Forget is now back at 213 in the world after winning at Eastbourne and reaching the fourth round at Wimbledon before running into Goran Ivanisevic.
URGENT  NEW YORK, July 5 (AFP)  Mexico and Bulgaria were level 1-1 after extra time in their World Cup second round match here on Tuesday.
URGENT  NEW YORK, July 5 (AFP)  Bulgaria qualfied for the World Cup quarter-finals here on Tuesday, beating Mexico on penalties in their World Cup second round match, which was level 1-1 after extra time.
Real unexpectedly gains value on dollar  BRASILIA, July 5 (AFP)  Five days after being put in circulation, the Brazilian real was unexpectedly worth more than the US dollar in trading Tuesday on Brazilian foreign exchange markets.
Bulgaria won the shoot-out 3-1 after both teams finished the second round encounter 1-1 and with only 10 men after extra-time.
Kremenliev could not complain after pulling Luis Alvez's shirt but the Luis Garcia decision was a harsh one.
Mexico had looked like they would be played off the field after Stoichkov's opener -- a contender for goal of the tournament.
(NEW YORK) Mexico could have been killed off in the Bulgarian purple patch that followed Stoichkov's goal but they got back in the match in the 17th minute after Kremenliev got tangled with Luis Alves as they jostled for position in the box.
The Bulgarians continued to dominate after the equaliser.
The best Bulgarian chance fell to Balakov after Daniel Borimirov opened up the Mexican defence down the right, six minutes from the break.
(NEW YORK) "It's the happiest moment of my life," an ecstatic Mikhailov beamed after his two crucial saves.
LOS ANGELES, California, July 5 (AFP)  World Cup goalscorers after Tuesday's matches 6: Oleg Salenko (Russia) 5: Jurgen Klinsmann (Germany) 4: Gabriel Batistuta (Argentina), Martin Dahlin (Sweden), Hristo Stoichkov (Bulgaria) 3: Kennet Andersson (Sweden), Gheorghe Hagi (Romania), Romario (Brazil) 2: Philippe Albert (Belgium), Fuad Amin Anwar (S Arabia), Daniel Amokachi (Nigeria), Emmanuel Amunike (Nigeria), Roberto Baggio (Italy), Bebeto (Brazil), Dennis Bergkamp (Holland), Georges Bregy (Switzerland), Jose Luis Caminero (Spain), Claudio Caniggia (Argentina), Ilie Dumitrescu (Romania), Luis Garcia (Mexico), Andoni Goikoetxea (Spain), Hong Myung-Bo (South Korea), Wim Jonk (Holland), Florin Raducioiu (Romania),  Adolfo Valencia (Colombia), Rudi Voller (Germany) 1: John Aldridge (Ireland), Sami Al Jaber (S Arabia), Dino Baggio (Italy), Abel Balbo (Argentina), Aitor Begiristain (Spain), Daniel Borimirov (Bulgaria), Tomas Brolin (Sweden), Mohamed Chaouch (Morocco), Stephane Chapuisat (Switzerland), Marc Degryse (Belgium), David Embe (Cameroon), Luis Enrique (Spain), George Finidi (Nigeria), Alberto Garcia Aspe (Mexico), Herman Gaviria (Colombia), Fahad Al Ghesheyan (Saudi Arabia), Josep Guardiola (Spain), Fernando Hierro (Spain), Ray Houghton (Republic of Ireland), Hwang Sun-hong (South Korea), Adrian Knup (Switzerland), Yordan Letchkov (Bulgaria), Roger Ljung (Sweden), Harold Lozano (Colombia), Diego Maradona (Argentina), Roger Milla (Cameroon), Hassan Nader (Morocco), Francois Omam-Biyik (Cameroon), Saeed Owairan (Saudi Arabia), Dan Petrescu (Romania), Dimitri Radchenko (Russia), Rai (Brazil), Kjetil Rekdal (Norway), Karlheinz Riedle (Germany), Brian Roy (Holland), Julio Salinas (Spain), Erwin Sanchez (Bolivia), Marcio Santos (Brazil), Seo Jung-Won (South Korea), Samson Siasia (Nigeria), Nasko Sirakov (Bulgaria), Ernie Stewart (USA), Alain Sutter (Switzerland), Gaston Taument (Holland), Eric Wynalda (USA), Rashidi Yekini (Nigeria) Own goal: Andres Escobar (Colombia) bdb94 
The papers said the names had been canvassed during intense consultations among EU governments after British Prime Minister John Major caused deadlock at the EU summit in Corfu last month by vetoing his Belgian counterpart Jean-Luc Dehaene.
It was understood Major would delay a decision on whether to propose Kinnock until after the new commission president has been chosen, the report said.
Goalkeeper Boris Mikhailov made two saves to allow Bulgaria to win a penalty shoot-out with Mexico 3-1 after both teams finished 1-1 and with only 10 men after another extra-time thriller.
Kremenliev could not complain after pulling Luis Alvez's shirt, but the Luis Garcia decision was a harsh one.
Although the ferrying of the competitors had gone without a hitch after Tuesday's stage, some 1200 vehicles and 90 motorbikes, which are part of the event, were blocked for several hours on the French side.
(picture) Officer who broke into Simpson home cites "emergency" situation  LOS ANGELES, July 5 (AFP)  A police officer who broke into O.J. Simpson's estate after he saw blood on the driveway testified Tuesday he was worried there were more victims from the gruesome attack that killed the football star's ex- wife and her friend.
The testimony was presented by the prosecution to counter a defense motion to throw out 34 pieces of key evidence obtained by police after they found the mutilated bodies of Nicole Simpson, 35, and Ronald Goldman, 25, outside her condominium.
But Furhman said that after finding blood on the Ford Bronco parked outside Simpson's mansion, he feared there was an emergency situation inside and scaled the wall.
Earlier, the first witness of the day testified that Simpson could not be found at his estate shortly after the murders were presumed to have taken place.
Simpson, who was jailed after a nationally televised car chase down a Los Angeles freeway, has pleaded innocent in the slayings.
Speaking after a meeting with Zambian President Frederick Chiluba, dos Santos said Pretoria had more or less brought the situation under control.
(NEW YORK) Bulgaria looked capable of beating anybody after Stoichkov's 7th minute opener -- a contender for goal of the tournament.
Mexico could have been killed off in the Bulgarian purple patch that followed Stoichkov's goal, but they got back in the match in the 17th minute after Kremenliev got tangled with Luis Alves as they jostled for position in the box.
(NEW YORK) The best Bulgarian chance fell to Balakov after Daniel Borimirov opened up the Mexican defence down the right, six minutes from the break.
He was ordered off early in the second period, minutes after Bulgarian right- back Emil Kremenliev had been told to walk.
Kremenliev could not complain after pulling Luis Alvez's shirt, but the Luis Garcia decision was a harsh one.
Committee of the House chairwoman Joy McLauchlan at one stage had to read out a whole string of amendments, inserting the word "hovercraft" after "ship" in numerous clauses.
Arafat leaves Gaza after historic visit  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 6 (AFP)  Palestine Liberation Organisation chief Yasser Arafat left Gaza by helicopter early Wednesday for Egypt after a historic and successful visit to newly autonomous Palestinian territories.
Arafat, known for his frugal habits, seemed to revel in showing that he is a man of the people by leading a modest lifestyle after his arrival in Gaza last Friday to end a 27-year exile.
During his stay the PLO chief never went to bed before 4:00 a.m., holding meeting after meeting with Palestinian delegations, leaders of his Fatah faction, PLO staff or the heads of the Palestinian police.
Japanese businessman held after seizure of firearms  HONG KONG, July 6 (AFP)  A Japanese businessman was detained by police here after a large quantity of ammunitions and firearms was found in his office and flat, a police spokesman said Wednesday.
The businessman, whose identity was withheld, was held in custody by police in Wanchai district late Tuesday after 2,000 rounds of ammunition, 43 rifles and 24 pistols were found in his office and his luxury flat during raids, he said.
The raids were carried out after the post office alerted the police to firearms being detected in the parcels addressed to the Japanese.
Left winger Chester Williams plays his third match in succession, after missing the first three tour games as he recovered from concussion.
He has shown impressive form after his layoff and heads off Cabous van der Westhuizen.
Parliament scraps anti-demonstration law as protestors freed  RABAT, July 6 (AFP)  The Moroccan parliament scrapped a law against demonstrations as a court in the east of the country freed 14 protestors after reducing their jail sentences on appeal.
(changing dateline) Government holds coup meeting, troops surround general's house  PHNOM PENH, July 6 (AFP)  The Cambodian coalition government Wednesday held an emergency meeting of top officials to discuss a possible crackdown after last weekend's thwarted coup, a senior official said.
Israel and Jordan signed a framework economic agreement in Washington on September 14, the day after the Palestine Liberation Organization agreed to autonomy in the Gaza Strip and Jericho as a first step to a permanent settlement with Israel.
Prince Norodom Chakrapong was allowed to leave Cambodia for Malaysia Sunday after the intervention of his father, King Norodom Sihanouk.
Bombay bus strike called off  BOMBAY, July 6 (AFP)  Buses resumed operations in this western Indian city Wednesday after workers ended a strike for higher wages, officials said.
A union spokesman said the strike was called off late Tuesday after the management agreed to "sympathetically consider" demands to raise the monthly wages of its 42,000 employees by more than 300 rupees (10 dollars).
The executions were carried out immediately after the death sentences were i imposed by the provincial Intermediate People's Court.
Liu was arrested after a gun that he was showing to a prospective client in a restaurant accidentally went off, killing a nearby diner.
Arafat left Gaza by helicopter at dawn Wednesday for Egypt en route to Paris after his historic return to the self-rule areas.
The Israeli-Palestinian summit, which follows Arafat's triumphant return to his homeland after a 27-year exile, will be the first top- level meeting since the Cairo agreement on autonomy in Jericho and the Gaza Strip was signed two months ago.
Financial rand recovers after nose-dive  JOHANNESBURG, July 6 (AFP)  The financial rand for non-resident investors recovered slightly Wednesday after taking a nose dive to 4.95/97 rands to the dollar Tuesday on news that Finance Minister Derek Keys had resigned.
Dollar closes at record low in Tokyo  TOKYO, July 6 (AFP)  The dollar fell back Wednesday in Tokyo after a slight rebound the previous day to close at 98.30 yen, down 1.20 yen from the overnight finish of 99.50 yen.
Arafat left the Egyptian town of Al Arish after a brief stopover heading for Paris on board a private plane, airport sources said.
The Southern Right whale was named by hunters who considered it the "right" whale to catch because it was slow-moving, swam in shallow water, continued to float after a kill and provided a lot of oil.
But after more than two years of war and an end to shelling, the citizens of Sarajevo no longer fear walking the streets.
RBS said that after the deal, Citizens was expected to grow to about 10 billion dollars, making it one of the 60 largest US banking groups.
Some 15,000 of Hyundai's 22,000 workers returned home after holding a rally at the sprawling shipyard in the southern industrial complex of Ulsan to protest the government's labor policy, union leaders said by telephone.
The warning came after hardline unions voted Tuesday for a strike at Kia Motor Co. and two other key industrial sites.
Shigeto Nagano was forced to resign as justice minister in May after voicing such views.
Tanzania brokered a peace agreement last year between Habyarimana's government and the mainly Tutsi Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) rebels, but the accord collapsed after Habyarimana's death.
Speaking after being presented with details of the blueprint by officials from the contact group on Bosnia, Silajdzic said the Bosnian side wanted further details on implementation of the plan and sanctions against the Serbs if they reject the deal.
Prosecutor Gian Carlo Caselli altered the accusation after months of investigations by island magistrates of Andreotti's suspect relationship with senior Sicilian figures.
"The negotiations will start on July 18, Beilin announced on state radio after revelations that the two sides met secretly in the desert area on Tuesday to prepare for the talks.
Israel and Jordan signed a framework economic agreement in Washington on September 14, the day after the Palestine Liberation Organization agreed to autonomy in the Gaza Strip and Jericho as a first step to a permanent settlement with Israel.
Government makes further arrests after failed coup  PHNOM PENH, July 6 (AFP)  The Cambodian security forces said they had arrested a deputy interior minister Wednesday after a high-level probe into the suspected involvement of senior officials in last weekend's abortive coup.
Prince Chakrapong was allowed to leave Cambodia for Malaysia Sunday after the intervention of his father, King Norodom Sihanouk.
Speaking after being presented with details of the blueprint by officials from the contact group on Bosnia, Silajdzic said the Bosnian side wanted further details on implementation of the plan and sanctions against the Serbs if they reject the deal.
"I am not totally pessimistic," he said in response to questions by reporters outside his Geneva hotel after about two hours of talks with officials from the contact group at the Russian mission here.
Speaking after being presented with details of the blueprint by officials from the contact group on Bosnia, Silajdzic said the Bosnian side wanted further details on implementation of the plan and sanctions against the Serbs if they reject the deal.
"I am not totally pessimistic," he said in response to questions by reporters outside his Geneva hotel after about two hours of talks with officials from the contact group at the Russian mission here.
Iranian Protestants in shock after string of murders by Kianouche Dorranie  TEHRAN, July 6 (AFP)  Iranian Protestants were in shock Wednesday after the death of a third pastor in mysterious circumstances since the beginning of the year.
Mehdi Dibaj, who had converted from Islam to Christianity, was found dead in a wood in western Tehran late Tuesday after being missing for two weeks.
Dibaj, 59, was jailed for nine years for an "offence against Islam," after converting from Islam to Christianity at the age of 19.
Several days after Hovsepian's murder, police said they had arrested a suspect.
(picture) Cambodian prince denies leading coup, wants to remain in Malaysia  KUALA LUMPUR, July 6 (AFP)  Breaking his silence after three days in hiding, Prince Norodom Chakrapong has denied involvement in the weekend abortive coup in Cambodia as he pleaded to remain in Malaysia.
This was the first time the son of King Norodom Sihanouk, accused of plotting the coup, had officially contacted the Malaysian government since he fled Sunday after the Cambodian government agreed to let him go at his father's request.
"I just received a letter from Prince Chakrapong seeking permission to continue staying in Malaysia and that he was not at all involved in the coup d'etat," Anwar said after chairing a cabinet meeting that discussed the prince's fate.
"The negotiations will start on July 18," Beilin announced on state radio after revelations that the two sides met secretly in the desert area on Tuesday to prepare for the talks.
Israel and Jordan signed a framework economic agreement in Washington on September 14, the day after the Palestine Liberation Organization agreed to autonomy in the Gaza Strip and Jericho as a first step to a permanent settlement with Israel.
This would enable the bank to reduce its key rates shortly after the summer holiday.
Arafat got straight down to business on Tuesday presiding over his first official "cabinet" meeting straight after he and his minister pledged an oath in Jericho.
Discussion about the final status of the occupied territories and the holy city begin only after two years."
Speaking after being presented with details of the blueprint by officials from the contact group on Bosnia, Silajdzic said the Bosnian side wanted further details on implementation of the plan and sanctions against the Serbs if they reject the deal.
Secretary of State for the Interior Sin Sen was arrested after a security meeting was hosted by co-premiers Prince Norodom Ranariddh and Hun Sen to investigate suspected involvement by senior government officials in last weekend's coup attempt.
Mark rises sharply on fall inGerman unemployment figures  LONDON, July 6 (AFP)  The German mark rose sharply on Wednesday morning against the main European currencies after an unexpected drop in German unemployment figures for June.
At JP Morgan analyst Avinash Persaud said the US Federal Reserve, which was meeting again on Wednesday, could announce a quarter-point rise in its Fed Funds rate to 4.25 percent either later on Wednesday or on Friday after publication of the June US employment report.
The main victim of the mark's rise has been the Swedish krona, which slumped after the government announced a revision in the budget deficit to 160 million Swedish kronor (20.5 billion dollars) for the year to the end of June 1995, compared with previous estimates of 150.7 million kronor.
Irish priest's body lay in swamp for three days: officer  FREETOWN, July 6 (AFP)  The corpse of a slain Irish missionary lay in a swamp for three days after his death on March 12, a commission investigating a massacre in eastern Sierra Leone heard Wednesday.
An army officer in charge of operations in the Panguma area, 240 kilometres (145 miles) east of Freetown, told the seven-man inquiry that the body of Father Felim McAllister was found badly decomposed three days after his death.
Forbie, who said he had known McAllister as a child, said he heard of the deaths from a New Zealand doctor rescued from rebels a short time after the attack on the Panguma mission.
On Friday the French managing director of Panguma sawmill, Paul Albrecht, told the inquiry the missionaries planned to leave the area the day after the massacre, due to the worsening situation there.
During their occupation of the building, which lasted nearly 15 hours, they freed most of the 23 employees, before giving themselves up after negotiating with Kohl's top aide for the security services, Bernd Schmidbauer.
His wife Bernice died in 1989 after which he moved to the town of Easton in Maryland.
Speaking after being presented with details of the blueprint by officials from the contact group on Bosnia, Silajdzic said the Bosnian side wanted further details on implementation of the plan and sanctions against the Serbs if they reject the deal.
he said in response to questions by reporters outside his Geneva hotel after around two hours of talks with officials from the contact group at the Russian mission here.
South battles back to thwart northern advance by Jean-Herve Deiller  ADEN, Yemen, July 6 (AFP)  Southern Yemeni forces battled to push back northern advances in Aden and Mukalla early Wednesday, after reports that northern troops had smashed their way into the two port cities.
Southern sources said Wednesday they had regained control of the airport and of Khormaksar, Mansura and Sheikh Osman after a night of heavy fighting.
Khormaksar links the hinterlands of the city to the Aden peninsula where the the old town is sited and where thousands of refugees have been sheltering after fleeing the fighting on the outskirts of the city.
A government spokesman in Sanaa said on Tuesday northern forces had captured the airport in Mukalla, 700 kilometers (434 miles) east of here where Baid has been based since shortly after war broke out on May 5.
Sanaa has warned any country against recognising the breakaway south yemen Democratic Republic which was declared on May 21, four years after former Marxist South Yemen and the conservative, tribal North were merged in an uneasy union.
Top French restaurant goes broke  LYON, France, July 6 (AFP)  One of Lyon's best-known restaurants, 235-year-old La Mere Guy, has closed down after going bankrupt.
Seven years after that, President Jimmy Carter formally broke off ties with Taiwan and established diplomatic relations with China.
Iran reels after shrine attacks, murders fearing religious strife by Laurent Maillard  TEHRAN, July 5 (AFP)  A spate of bomb attacks on shrines and mosques coupled with a string of murders of religious leaders has left Iran reeling, prompting fears of a campaign to destabilise the country.
Authorities arrested a man who they said was a People's Mujahedeen member for trying to plant a bomb in a Sunni mosque in the southeastern city of Zahedan, several days after the Mashhad explosion.
The company said it had made an operating profit of 2.221 billion francs in 1993 after a profit of 2.070 billion francs in 1992, and this had been nearly seven percent of sales which had been steady at 34.291 billion francs.
Thomson SA had made a net consolidated loss, after minority interests, of 3.03 billion francs.
The Ugandan-trained rebel leader added that after it had consolidated its recent conquests, the RPF would proclaim a ceasefire.
The company said that it had made an operating profit of 2.221 billion francs in 1993 after a profit of 2.070 billion francs in 1992, and this had been nearly seven percent of sales which had been steady at 34.291 billion francs.
Thomson SA had made a net consolidated loss, after minority interests, of 3.03 billion francs.
The company was created after parliament passed a controversial law in 1991 allowing real estate firms to expropriate land for their benefit.
Clinton, who is on his third trip to Europe this year, is due in Poland, Italy and Germany after leaving Latvia.
Abiola is widely believed to have won presidential elections in June 1993 whose results were voided by the military after being declared free and fair by international observers.
He was arrested on June 23, just under two weeks after after declaring the current military government illegal and announcing himself the legitimate head of government.
Abiola is widely believed to have won presidential elections in June 1993 whose results were voided by the military after being declared free and fair by international observers.
He was arrested on June 23, just under two weeks after after declaring the current military government illegal and announcing himself the legitimate head of government.
"The decision was arrived at carefully after weighing all concerns."
The ground crew union staged the strike after government-sponsored talks on their demands for a 3,600-peso (133-dollar) salary hike spread over the next three years bogged down.
PAL reported substantial losses in 1993 after posting a net profit of one billion pesos (37 million dollars) in 1992 and is expected to sink further into the red this year.
Dixons announces annual losses after rationalisation  LONDON, July 6 (AFP)  The British retail electronics group Dixons on Wednesday reported annual pre-tax losses of 165.2 million pounds, after a series of rationalisation measures including shop closures pushed results into the red.
Last year, results after exceptional elements remained positive at 33.5 million pounds.
But the figure became negative after accounting for shop closures, the rationalisation of administrative services and sale of loss-making subsidiaries.
The group recorded an exceptional deficit of 210.5 million pounds in the first six months after selling the loss-making US subsidiary Silo Holdings to the group Fretter Inc.
Relations between Angola and Zaire deteriorated after Luanda, engaged in a long-running civil war with the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA), accused Zaire of providing weapons to UNITA.
Under white minority rule, South Africa was a long-time backer of UNITA and, even after that policy was officially scrapped, South African mercenaries and right-wing elements of the South African military continued to give their support.
The country has been constantly at war since 1975, with the exception of a 16-month lull after peace accords were signed in 1991.
Watson's ship "Whales Forever" rammed a Norwegian coast guard boat early Wednesday after illegally entering Norwegian waters and failing to heed warnings from the coast guard.
Extraordinary scenes broke out when Arafat only agreed to sign all of the accord after hasty backstage negotiations.
Arafat will be attending the talks as the newly sworn-in chairman of the Palestinian Authority, after he presided over an official ceremony in Jericho on Tuesday in which 12 of his "ministers" took an oath of office.
Arafat is also likely to raise the authority's financial difficulties in Paris, after he had to admit returning to the Gaza Strip and Jericho with empty pockets after a 27-year exile.
"The negotiations will start on July 18," Beilin announced on state radio after revelations that the two sides met secretly in the desert area on Tuesday to prepare for the talks.
Israel and Jordan signed a framework economic agreement in Washington on September 14, the day after the Palestine Liberation Organization agreed to autonomy in the Gaza Strip and Jericho as a first step to a permanent settlement with Israel.
But Delcroix said his government changed its tune after incidents last weekend between the French troops and members of the Tutsi-led rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF), which now is in control of two-thirds of the country, including the capital, Kigali.
But Delcroix said his government changed its tune after incidents last weekend between the French troops and members of the Tutsi-led rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF), which now is in control of two-thirds of the country, including the capital, Kigali.
More arrests were expected on Wednesday night, the police officer said, while the United Nations advised its aid officials in the city to stay home after dark.
In his first official contact with the Malaysian government after three days in hiding in the country, Prince Chakrapong wrote to Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim denying that he led the coup attempt and asking to be allowed to remain in Malaysia.
Kigali airport to re-open Thursday  KIGALI, July 6 (AFP)  Kigali airport will re-open Thursday, a UN spokesman in Rwanda said Wednesday, two days after Rwandan rebels seized control of the capital.
The rebels oppose French military intervention in Rwanda, where Paris says it is mounting a purely humanitarian operation to protect hundreds of thousands of civilians after three months of ethnic carnage.
About one-third of Latvia's 2.4 million population is Russian and under the bill Russians who settled here after 1940 would not be entitled to citizenship.
Clinton and his wife, Hillary, shook hands with spectators and strolled around the square after the speech as the national anthems of the United States and the three Baltic States were played through a public address system.
Arafat left here on Wednesday for Paris after a six-day visit, and is due back after July 9, said his spokesman Marwan Kanafani.
The Ugandan-trained rebel leader added that after it had consolidated its recent conquests, the RPF would proclaim a ceasefire.
South Korea wants to build two more high-speed railways: president  SEOUL, July 6 (AFP)  South Korea will build two more high-speed railways, less than a month after signing a contract for the country's first high-speed line, President Kim Young-Sam said Wednesday.
The search began after an employee of the nuclear physics research institute at Cheliabinsk was arrested in the spring after trying to sell 130 grams (4.5 ounces) of platinum for 1,200 dollars.
Gorbachev, 63, withdrew from politics after the collapse of the Soviet state and up to now had not only ruled out running in the next presidential race but spurned any return to the political arena in post-communist Russia.
(AFP)     ADEN: Southern Yemeni forces battled to push back northern advances in  Aden and Mukalla after reports that northern troops had smashed their way into  the two port cities.
The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials dropped 0.65 point (0.02 percent) to 3,651.83 about 30 minutes after the session opened on the New York Stock Exchange.
Former US president Jimmy Carter requested a meeting with the junior Kim after seeing his father in Pyongyang in mid-June to broker an inter-Korean summit to help defuse the Korean nuclear standoff.
Tens of thousands mourn Nazareth mayor  NAZARETH, Israel, July 6 (AFP)  Tens of thousands of Israelis and Palestinians attended Tuesday's funeral of Nazareth mayor MP Tawfik Ziad, who died in a car crash near Jericho after Yasser Arafat's visit.
The decision came after chairman Alan Sugar won his points appeal to the Football Association, who made the original decision.
PLO chairman Yasser Arafat recently flew by Egyptian helicopter to and from the Gaza Strip, on his historic return after 27 years of exile.
Abiola is widely believed to have won presidential elections in June 1993 whose results were shelved by the military after being declared free and fair by international observers.
He was arrested on June 23, just under two weeks after declaring the current military government illegal and announcing himself the legitimate head of government.
King Hussein announces peace talks with Israel this month  ALEXANDRIA, Egypt, July 6 (AFP)  Jordan and Israel will resume serious peace negotiations later this month, King Hussein of Jordan said here Wednesday after talks with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak.
Marathon man Cabello wins stage  BRIGHTON, England, July 6 (AFP)  The first Tour de France stage to be held in England for 20 years was won by in sensational style by Francisco Cabello of Spain here on Wednesday after a 180km breakaway.
Cabello, 25, who broke away after just 20km of the 204km fourth stage from Dover to Brighton, later teamed up with Frenchman Emmanuel Magnien to forge a lead of over six minutes.
But despite a counter-attack led by Italian Flavio Vanzella, who went on to snatch the yellow jersey after finishing the stage third behind Magnien, Cabello kept clear over the Ditchling Beacon and Brighton Elmgrove climbs and shook off Magnien to win magnificently.
                   US-Haiti,                    500 words around 1530 GMT     PARIS:         Israel, the PLO, Egypt and Jordan                    will hold a special meeting on the                    refugee problem, Israeli Prime                    Minister Yitzhak Rabin says after                    talks with PLO leader Yasser Arafat                    on implementing Palestinian self-rule.
                   600 words, moved     BRUSSELS:      Barely 48 hours after seizing the Tutsi-led                    Rwandan Patriotic Front conquers the capital,                    Kigali, a moderate Hutu politician says he would                    be ready to lead a unity government to end the                    three-month war that has left up to a half a                    million people dead.
    KIGALI:        Two days after its fall Kigali seemed totally                    deserted.
                   Yugo-Bosnia-talks,2ndlead                    650 words around 1530 GMT                    by Jon Boyle     ABUJA:         Nigeria's military government charges                    opposition leader Moshood Abiola with                    treason and felony after police arrest                    Frank Kokori, the secretary general of                    the west African country's main oil and                    gas workers' union.
Arafat holds "fruitful" talks with Rabin, Peres in Paris  PARIS, July 6 (AFP)  Israel, the PLO, Egypt and Jordan will hold a special meeting on the Palestinian refugee problem, Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin announced here Wednesday after talks with PLO leader Yasser Arafat on the next stages of Palestinian self-rule.
Extraordinary scenes broke out when Arafat only agreed to sign all of the accord after hasty backstage negotiations.
Arafat was attending the talks as the newly sworn-in chairman of the Palestinian Authority, after he presided over an official ceremony in Jericho on Tuesday in which 12 of his "ministers" took an oath of office.
Arafat was expected to raise the authority's financial difficulties in the Paris talks, after he had to admit returning to the Gaza Strip and Jericho with empty pockets after a 27-year exile.
                   US-Haiti,                    500 words around 1530 GMT     PARIS:         Israel, the PLO, Egypt and Jordan                    will hold a special meeting on the                    refugee problem, Israeli Prime                    Minister Yitzhak Rabin says after                    talks with PLO leader Yasser Arafat                    on implementing Palestinian self-rule.
                   Arafat-Gaza                    600 words, moved     BRUSSELS:      Barely 48 hours after seizing the Tutsi-led                    Rwandan Patriotic Front conquers the capital,                    Kigali, a moderate Hutu politician says he would                    be ready to lead a unity government to end the                    three-month war that has left up to a half a                    million people dead.
    KIGALI:        Two days after its fall Kigali seemed totally                    deserted.
                   Yugo-Bosnia-talks,2ndlead                    650 words around 1530 GMT                    by Jon Boyle     ABUJA:         Nigeria's military government charges                    opposition leader Moshood Abiola with                    treason and felony after police arrest                    Frank Kokori, the secretary general of                    the west African country's main oil and                    gas workers' union.
Relations between the two deteriorated after Luanda, engaged in a long-running civil war with the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA), accused its central African neighbour of providing arms to UNITA.
Under white minority rule, South Africa was a long-time backer of UNITA and, even after that policy was officially scrapped, South African mercenaries and right-wing elements of the South African military continued their support.
The country has been constantly at war since 1975, with the exception of a 16-month lull after peace accords were signed in 1991.
King Hussein announces peace talks with Israel this month  ALEXANDRIA, Egypt, July 6 (AFP)  Jordan and Israel will resume serious peace negotiations later this month, King Hussein of Jordan said here Wednesday after talks with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak.
"Now we are looking after our responsibilities towards our people and towards our country."
Speaking after around two hours of talks with officials of the so- called "contact group" of nations which drafted the plan, Silajdzic declared himself "not totally pessimistic," and conceded the blueprint marked a "final effort" by the group, comprising Russia, the United States, Britain, France and Germany.
Hutu politician agrees to form government at rebel request by Christian Spillmann  BRUSSELS, July 6 (AFP)  Barely 48 hours after the Tutsi-led Rwandan Patriotic Front conquered the capital, Kigali, a moderate Hutu politician said he had agreed to lead a unity government to end the three-month war that has left up to a half a million people dead.
The Ugandan-trained rebel leader added that after it had consolidated its recent conquests, the RPF would proclaim a ceasefire.
It added that the United Nations must "finish, after almost nine years, the process of drawing up a declaration to protect human rights defenders."
The wise-cracking extrovert from Arnhem confirmed after the Italy game that his five year contract was over.
Dan Amokachi, the 21-year-old top scorer for Bruges last season, went off injured after 34 minutes when Nigeria were ahead.
Westerhof took over Nigeria in 1990 after spells with Dutch clubs Vitesse Arnhem, Feyenoord and MVV Maastricht.
Kigali inhabitants confined but free by Serge Arnold  KIGALI, July 6 (AFP)  Two days after its fall to the forces of the Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF), the capital of war-torn Rwanda on Wednesday seemed deserted.
Beatrice Kayitetsi has given shelter to four Tutsi orphans and wants to know when someone will come and look after them.
A defense ministry spokesman issued the clarification only a few hours after the initial comments in which Delcroix told a press conference that the French intervention was "becoming too political and delicate" with French soldiers "becoming more and more involved in the country's internal affairs."
But Delcroix had told the press conference his government changed its tune after incidents last weekend between the French troops and members of the Tutsi-led rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF), which now is in control of two-thirds of the country, including the capital, Kigali.
Duty-free shops were scheduled to be abolished in 1993 with the single market in Europe, but they were granted a stay of execution by a European Directive in 1991 after frantic lobbying by interested parties, mainly British.
The accord broke down in April when the country slid back into civil war after Habyarimana's death in a suspected rocket attack on his plane.
Under the Arusha agreement, a transition government was to be set up between the 30th and the 37th day after the pact's signing and was to be headed by Faustin Twagiramungu, 49, a Canadian-trained university teacher and head of the Democratic Republican Movement.
Southern sources said earlier Wednesday they had regained control of the airport and of Khormaksar, Mansurah and Sheikh Othman after a night of heavy fighting.
Khormaksar links the hinterlands of the city to the Aden peninsula where the the old town is situated and where thousands of refugees have been sheltering after fleeing the fighting on the outskirts of the city.
The war broke out in May after four years of shaky union between the former tribal North Yemen and Marxist South Yemen.
"We are going to do everything that we can to harden our strike so that it becomes total," he declared after announcing Kokori's arrest.
McWilliams, speaking after a company board meeting here Wednesday, said the fighting in the Yemeni civil war had not affected loadings at the oil terminal of Ash Shihr.
Canada backs Franco-German plan to close down Chernobyl  BONN, July 6 (AFP)  Canada backs a Franco-German plan to close down the Chernobyl nuclear plant in Ukraine, Chancellor Helmut Kohl said Wednesday after talks with Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien.
Losses in London increased late in the session after Wall Street opened lower, and the Footsie 100-share index shed 18.3 points or 0.6 percent on the day to end at 2,946.7 points, while gilts were off by up to half a point.
Lufthansa airline gained 0.50 mark on the day to end at 189 after announcing a net profit of around 100 million marks for the first half of the year, its first profit in five years.
VIAG was up eight to 466.50, after forecasting a net profit of 800 million to a billion marks for 1994.
Zola was ordered off only 11 minutes after he came onto the field as a second half substitute for what looked like a wild retaliatory tackle after he had a penalty appeal turned down.
Sunday Trading becomes law in Britain  LONDON, July 6 (AFP)  Britain's controversial Sunday Trading Act, allowing shops to open on Sunday but restricting large stores to six hours, became law Wednesday after it gained royal assent.
Kiet weighed into the row after newspapers published photographs of the 11-storey block towering over the ornate cream and yellow seat of the city government, built more than a century ago and a focal point of the area.
Plans for a office building that would have towered over Hoan Kiem Lake in the centre of Hanoi were scaled back after opposition to the scheme, which would have overshadowed the old low-rise houses and shops in the area.
The award was named after the former Ivory Coast president Felix Houphouet-Boigny.
Arafat received a tumultuous welcome when he returned to the Gaza Strip Friday after 27 years of exile.
Speaking after a 40-minute meeting with Mitterrand, Arafat said "this will be a first step for all of Palestine in the West Bank and Gaza."
Analysts expect the Fed's open market committee, meeting Tuesday and Wednesday this week, to raise the Fed Funds rate by half a point from the present 4.25 percent - but do not expect that to get the dollar on an uptrend after the greenback fell last week to a record post-war low against the yen.
Enimont trial adjourns, judge to consider postponement motion  MILAN, Italy, July 6 (AFP)  The long-awaited Enimont corruption trial of two former prime ministers and other top Italian names adjourned for a week Wednesday after only one day, for the court to consider a defense motion to postpone proceedings.
The brief Enimont merger had been viewed as a model for cooperation between public and private companies but sank after a year.
They beat Norway in their second group match despite having goalkeeper Gianluca Pagliuca sent off early in the game and against the Nigerians they had to play for 45 minutes with ten men after Gianfranco Zola's controversial sending off.
the Parma midfielder was ordered off only 11 minutes after he came on as a second half substitute against Norway.
Zola got a red card for what looked like a wild retaliatory tackle after he had a penalty appeal turned down but television replays showed he failed to make any contact with the Nigerian defender.
He also reiterated his calls for speedier financial aid to the Palestinian National Authority and criticised slow progress on extending its rule to the whole of the West Bank and organising "Palestinian legislative elections after the evacuation of Israeli troops from residential areas."
Arafat was attending the talks as the newly sworn-in chairman of the Palestinian National Authority, after he presided over an official ceremony in Jericho on Tuesday in which 12 of his "ministers" took an oath of office.
Ekeus, head of the UN special commission on disarming Iraq, was speaking ahead of a Security Council meeting scheduled for mid-July, which will review the embargo imposed on Iraq after its troops invaded Kuwait in August 1990.
In the incident, first reported Tuesday by the weekly satirical newspaper Le Canard Enchaine, a member of France's domestic intelligence service eavesdropped at a June 19 meeting at which the Socialists were deciding on a confidence motion presented by their leader Michel Rocard after the party's drubbing in European Parliament elections.
Detective said he entered Simpson house fearing another murder scene  LOS ANGELES, July 6 (AFP)  A detective testified Wednesday he entered the home of O.J. Simpson without a warrant because he feared another murder might have taken place after finding Simpson's ex-wife and a friend brutally slain.
Stolpe said after their meeting that respect for human rights had "not been a very comfortable theme" for Li Peng.
The German confederation of trade unions added its voice to the chorus after Li said on television that the government had been "forced" to carry out its 1989 crackdown on the pro-democracy movement because China had been in "chaos".
It added that detention of political opponents remained widespread, putting at more than 3,000 the number of people imprisoned in the region for their political beliefs, after what it said were "unfair trials."
It said refugees sent back after trying to flee to the United States "were at great risk of torture or other human rights violations."
In Cuba, Amnesty said some 500 people were imprisoned because of their opinons, after trials held under conditions not in line with international regulations.
Zola was ordered off only 11 minutes after he came onto the field as a second half substitute for what looked like a wild retaliatory tackle after he had a penalty appeal turned down.
The strategic Khormaksar district of Aden was relatively calm late Wednesday, after northern troops were beaten back in heavy clashes.
Zola was ordered off only 11 minutes after he came onto the field as a second half substitute for what looked like a wild retaliatory tackle after he had a penalty appeal turned down.
Leonardo was delighted on June 22, two days after being named in the starting 11 against Russia, and a day after his wife, Beatriz, gave birth to a 3.7kg (8lb 2oz) baby boy in Rio de Janeiro.
The US team were eliminated in the second round of the World Cup by Brazil four years and 15 days after their first-round exit from Italia 90.
Milutinovic, who lived in Mexico for 20 years and still owns a house there, has often said he likes living in California, but his future with the US national team won't be certain until after USSF elections next month.
In future, a player returning to his homeland after appearing for another country will have to serve out a two-year qualification period, while if it is not the place of his birth, that will be stretched to four years.
England will stage the 1999 World Cup after ICC delegates ruled that the competition should be staged every four years.
The United States agreed to them last month after North Korea offered to freeze its controversial nuclear program, which the west suspected of being used to produce atomic bombs.
People have tried to resume a semblance of normal life, cooking, selling meat and soap and even setting up hair salons after three months living underground in terror.
Southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid moved to Mukalla soon after the civil war broke out on May 5, but his whereabouts were not known Wednesday.
Shin Beth internal security forces arrested Mansur Atef Frayan, 19, after a manhunt lasting several days.
Police said he admitted stabbing the couple Friday after entering their home in the Netafim settlement in the north of the occupied West Bank.
Ex-deputy premier loses appeal against Chernobyl jail term  SOFIA, July 6 (AFP)  A former Bulgarian communist leader on Wednesday lost a final appeal against a jail term imposed on him for misleading the public about health risks after the Chernobyl nuclear accident in 1986.
    PARIS:         Israel, the PLO, Egypt and Jordan                    will hold a special meeting on the                    refugee problem, Israeli Prime                    Minister Yitzhak Rabin says after                    talks with PLO leader Yasser Arafat                    on implementing Palestinian self-rule.
    KIGALI:        Two days after its fall Kigali seemed totally                    deserted.
                   Yugo-Bosnia-talks,2ndlead                    600 words moved                    by Jon Boyle     ABUJA:         Nigeria's military government charges                    opposition leader Moshood Abiola with                    treason and felony after police arrest                    Frank Kokori, the secretary general of                    the west African country's main oil and                    gas workers' union.
    PARIS:         Israel, the PLO, Egypt and Jordan                    will hold a special meeting on the                    refugee problem, Israeli Prime                    Minister Yitzhak Rabin says after                    talks with PLO leader Yasser Arafat                    on implementing Palestinian self-rule.
    KIGALI:        Two days after its fall Kigali seemed totally                    deserted.
                   Yugo-Bosnia-talks,2ndlead                    600 words moved                    by Jon Boyle     ABUJA:         Nigeria's military government charges                    opposition leader Moshood Abiola with                    treason and felony after police arrest                    Frank Kokori, the secretary general of                    the west African country's main oil and                    gas workers' union.
Northern forces seize Aden airport  ADEN, Yemen, July 6 (AFP)  Northern Yemeni forces captured Aden airport Wednesday after fierce battles in the northern suburbs of the besieged southern city.
The northern troops, loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh, were reinforcing their positions in the northern suburbs of Sheikh Othman and Dar Saad late Wednesday, after wiping out the last pockets of resistance.
Southern sources said earlier Wednesday they had regained control of the airport and of Khormaksar, Mansurah and Sheikh Othman after a night of heavy fighting.
The move came despite pressure from some Conservative MPs who want partial or total privatisation of the BBC but was expected after the BBC introduced reforms a year ago to restructure and control costs.
Hampshire never recovered from a poor start and struggled to 187 all out after Paul Terry and Robin Smith fell cheaply to Alan Igglesden, who finished with two for 30.
His superb innings helped Northants to their victory total of 262 for three after Middlesex reached 259 for six.
All-rounder Dominic Cork returned to form after a recent knee injury to take five for 43 as Derbyshire eased into a strong position in their rain-hit second-round tie against Durham at Darlington.
Derbyshire were 119 for two after 30 overs when rain ended play, after Durham conceded 40 extras.
But Warwickshire are still on course for victory after Leicestershire struggled to reach 133 for four in reply to their 296 for six.
Benson and Hedges Cup finalists Worcestershire, facing Warwickshire in Saturday's Lord's showdown, reached 36 for one before rain washed out play for the day after just 17.1 overs in their tie against Nottinghamshire at New Road.
The weather also played havoc at Cardiff with Glamorgan reaching 162 for three against Essex before rain halted play after 36.4 overs.
It quoted an unnamed Yemeni official in New York as saying both sides were "discussing arrangements for the separatist leaders to leave Aden, in order to avoid bloodshed" after northern forces had "taken control of the city."
Baid moved to Mukalla, 700 kilometres (430 miles) east of Aden, soon after the civil war erupted on May 5.
The decision came after chairman Alan Sugar won his points appeal to the Football Association, who made the original decision.
"In many respects this was a self-inflicted wound and the authorities had no alternative but to pursue their inquiries after the statements made by Alan Sugar in the High Court last summer," said Taylor.
Analysts stressed that the Fed could still make the move Friday or early next week after the release of June's unemployment figures and the conclusion of the Group of Seven summit in Naples.
Salomon Inc., parent company of the Salomon Brothers brokerage firm, lost two to 45-1/2 after it announced that it expected a 200-million- dollar loss in the second quarter due to drops on the stock and bond market.
Blair, expected to become leader of the opposition after July 21 party balloting, accused Major's government of adopting "a minority mentality" that had led to "participation in Europe without influence."
Woosnam moves into overdrive  GLENEAGLES, Scotland, July 6 (AFP)  Ian Woosnam, came out of his recent career slump and was back in overdrive and just two strokes behind first-round leader Howard Twitty of the United States after the first days play in the 600,000 pounds Bell's Scottish Open at Gleneagles on Wednesday.
And the Spaniard with the unorthodox forehand grip was so astonished at the loss, he was back in his five-star hotel minutes after his loss.
The Russian, who has shot up to 15th in the rankings after being outside the top-100 at the start of the season, quickly found his feet on the centre-court.
World Cup statistics  LOS ANGELES, California, July 6 (AFP)  World Cup statistics after the second round: Attendances First round: Group A: 497,541 (average 82,924).
Average per match: 2.58 Second round: 25 (average 3.12) Total: 118 (average 2.68) Total goals for entire 1990 tournament was 115 for an average of 2.21 Biggest win: Russia 6 Cameroon 1 (Group B) Top-scoring team: Spain and Sweden 9 goals each Best defence: Brazil 1 goal Leading scorer: Oleg Salenko (Russia) 6 Best individual performance: Salenko 5 v Cameroon (World Cup record) Penalties: 13 (all converted) Red and yellow cards after second round Sendings-off: 13.
Officials negotiate separatists' surrender as Aden falls to north  ADEN, Yemen, July 7 (AFP)  Northern and southern Yemeni officials were negotiating the surrender of separatist leaders in talks mediated by the United States late Wednesday, the official Qatari news agency QNA reported, after northern forces pushed into the southern stronghold of Aden.
Baid moved to Mukalla, 700 kilometres (434 miles) east of Aden, soon after the civil war erupted on May 5.
Northern Yemeni forces captured Aden airport Wednesday after fierce battles in the northern suburbs.
The northern troops, loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh, were reinforcing their positions in the northern suburbs of Sheikh Othman and Dar Saad later, after wiping out the last pockets of resistance there, an AFP correspondent observed.
The war broke out after four years of uneasy union between the former tribal North Yemen and Marxist South Yemen.
Milla himself provided the encore after his lone goal against Russia.
Bernard Brigouleix, speaking after a ministerial meeting on France's goals for the summit of the Group of Seven leading industrialized states in Italy, said these measures specifically concerned interest rates.
Polish Deputy Foreign Minister Zbigniew Lewici apologised to the photographers, and was followed by Foreign Minister Andrezj Olechowski, who left the banquet specially after US national security advisor Anthony Lake also intervened.
The statement was issued after two days of talks in this northern Togo town between the Cameroon and Nigerian foreign ministers, Ferdinand Oyono and Baba Gana Kingibe, mediated by Togolese President Gnassingbe Eyadema.
Tutu said after meeting "all the key persons in the Liberian conflict" he had concluded that "consensus exists on the need for an immediate ceasefire and disarmament."
Maradona returns to Argentina  BUENOS AIRES, July 6 (AFP)  Diego Maradona returned to Argentina on Wednesday, six days after he was thrown out of the World Cup for using banned drugs and three days after Argentina were eliminated.
The former Argentina captain said Argentine Football Association president Julio Grondona was too hasty in his decision to drop Maradona from the team after his positive test for five ephedrine- related stimulants.
(pictures) Simpson's daughter takes the stand  LOS ANGELES, July 6 (AFP)  O.J. Simpson's oldest daughter testified Wednesday that she did not give police permission to collect evidence when she let them into her father's mansion after Nicole Simpson and her friend were murdered.
Earlier, detectives insisted they entered the premises immediately after finding blood on the Ford Bronco parked outside because they feared there might be more victims from the grisly attack at Nicole Simpson's nearby condo.
Earlier in the afternoon the three men had held a 90-minute meeting shortly after their arrival in Paris.
In a specific announcement after the earlier talks, Rabin announced that Israel and the PLO agreed to set up a four-power commission with Egypt and Jordan to tackle the problem of Palestinian refugees.
"We have a historic opportunity to see the peace process reinforced," said Mitterrand, after meeting Arafat and Peres.
The clubs just have to agree on a price," Kostadinov said on Wednesday, a day off for the Bulgarians after their dramatic penalty shoot out win over Mexico on Tuesday.
Optimism after mideast talks in late-night session  PARIS, July 7 (AFP)  PLO head Yasser Arafat and Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres expressed satisfaction early Thursday on the progress of talks on Palestinian self-rule.
Speaking at a short impromptu press conference after a second round of discussions ended at 2:30 a.m. they said a joint team of officials would continue working through the night on the next stage of the process.
Arafat, who came to Paris after a triumphant five-day visit to the newly autonomous areas ending a 27-year exile, said there was no doubt that the discussions had been very positive.
Arafat, Peres and Rabin had held a 90-minute meeting shortly after their arrival in Paris Wednesday, which the Palestine Liberation Organization chairman described as positive and fruitful.
In a specific announcement after the earlier talks, Rabin announced that Israel and the PLO had agreed to set up a four-power commission with Egypt and Jordan to tackle the problem of Palestinian refugees.
"We have a historic opportunity to see the peace process reinforced," said Mitterrand, after meeting Arafat and Peres.
QNA quoted an unnamed Yemeni official in New York as saying both sides were "discussing arrangements for the separatist leaders to leave Aden, in order to avoid bloodshed" after northern forces had "taken control of the city."
The reaction came after the publication of a government white paper pledging to renew the BBC's charter for 10 years in 1996, while urging it to expand its commercial role worldwide.
Anti-whaler in confrontation with Norwegian coastguard  OSLO, July 7 (AFP)  US anti-whaling activist Paul Watson left Norwegian waters aboard his ship Whales Forever after a confrontation with a coastguard vessel in which shots were fired, as Greenpeace militants freed a wounded whale.
The coastguard vessel Andenes fired two warning shots in an effort to stop Watson, leader of the Sea Shepherd organisation, after colliding with his ship earlier in the day.
"We fired so-called cold grenades with no explosives in," Lieutenant- commander Hogne Rykkje told the national news agency NTB after the incident.
Stolpe said after their meeting that respect for human rights had "not been a very comfortable theme" for Li Peng.
Rahul Banerjee and Abhijit Das, sports reporters for The Statesman, were beaten after a press conference called by Gill at a luxury hotel here to discuss his appointment as chief of India's field hockey federation.
Gill has claimed the beating occurred after he had left the press conference and accused the media of "blowing it out of all proportion."
Meanwhile, tensions continued to mount in Haiti, where human rights monitors announced they had halted their operations after the military-backed government ordered them to stop work.
   Thursday, July 7 (since 1500 GMT Wednesday)     ADEN, Yemen: Northern and southern Yemeni officials were negotiating the  surrender of separatist leaders in talks mediated by the United States, the  official Qatari news agency QNA reported after northern forces pushed into the  southern stronghold of Aden.
    PORT-AU-PRINCE: Human rights monitors halted their operations after  Haiti's military-backed government ordered them to stop work.
analyst Laurie Cruz did not believe the index will recover until after September 5.
But all is set to change after 1996, with the government mandated by law to set a timetable for the shift to market forces.
"We are confident that we will maintain our leadership role," said Petron President Abdulaziz al-Khayyal, a Saudi Arabian Oil Co. employee who took over the helm at Petron after the January sale.
The Rover group of Britain was the first out of the starter's blocks after India banished protectionist controls a year ago and threw open the automobile sector in line with a liberalisation programme launched in 1991.
Princess of Wales sends support to parents of kidnapped new-born baby: press  LONDON, July 7 (AFP)  The Princess of Wales has sent a message of heart-felt support to the parents of baby Abbie Humphries, who was snatched from a maternity ward hours after her birth, press reports said Thursday.
Police in Ireland contacted Nottinghamshire officers Wednesday after a sighting of a young woman with a new-born baby in Dublin, who may have travelled from England by ferry.
But Murayama pledged after his inauguration that there would be no change in Japan's centrist foreign policy.
The rapid growth of textile exports, which accounts for 30.8 percent of the country's total export value, has turned China into the world's second largest exporter after Hong Kong.
Beijing and Washington narrowly avoided a trade war in January after negotiators from both sides reached an 11th hour agreement that cut the growth rate of the Chinese quota for textile exports to the United States.
Seven people who drowned after being trapped by floodwaters in their cars and homes were taken to a regional hospital Wednesday.
In nearby Americus, witnesses stood by helpless as a woman clutching a baby was swallowed by a raging river after a bridge she was crossing in her car washed out.
The 29-year-old erstwhile Brazil captain was was dropped against the United States after a lacklustre performance in the first round, which continued the mediocre form he has shown with Paris St Germain.
Meanwhile a top government official said a new wave of arrests would be made after last weekend's attempted coup.
On Wednesday, the authorities arrested the secretary of state for the interior, Sin Sen, as well as Tes Choy, a senior security official, after an emergency cabinet meeting.
Prince Chakrapong was allowed to leave for Malaysia, at the request of his father, Prince Norodom Sihanouk, after the coup attempt.
More victims in Hong Kong cholera scare  HONG KONG, July 8 (AFP)  Hong Kong's cholera outbreak spread further Thursday as three more people were rushed to hospitals after contacting the disease, said a government spokesman.
Meanwhile, a 52-year-old homeless man died in hospital late Wednesday after being rushed to hospital with cholera symptoms.
The latest scare began after health inspectors recently found cholera traces at a seafood restaurant with tanks filled with polluted harbor water.
Wildfires trap firefighters killing at least 13  GLENWOOD SPRINGS, Colorado, July 7 (AFP)  At least 13 firefighters were killed and 34 others reported missing after raging wildfires trapped them in the Colorado Rocky Mountains Wednesday, authorities said.
Governor Roy Romer arrived here late Wednesday to survey the damage, and Interior Secretary, Bruce Babbit, was also expected here Thursday after cancelling a trip to Idaho, another spokeswoman said.
(picture) Sri Lanka's deputy speaker defects to opposition  COLOMBO, July 7 (AFP)  Sri Lanka's deputy speaker, Gamini Fonseka, defected to the main opposition Thursday after accusing the government of covering up bribery and corruption among ruling party legislators.
And seven lawmakers from the SLFP crossed over to the government side after being refused nominations to contest the forthcoming poll on the opposition ticket, the sources said.
Moravcik and Rao held official talks after the ceremonial welcome and signed several bilateral agreements, officials said without giving details.
Peres was speaking after overnight talks with the PLO chairman in the French capital which followed a day-time meeting which also included Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin.
Arafat, who came to Paris after a five-day visit to the newly autonomous areas, said the discussions had been very positive.
Coal mine explosion: three dead, eight injured, others missing  BEIJING, July 7 (AFP)  Three people were killed and eight injured after an explosion ripped through a coal mine near Shandong, eastern China, the English-language newspaper China Daily said Thursday.
Financial rand recovers slightly against dollar  JOHNNESBURG, July 7 (AFP)  The financial rand for non-resident investors was slightly higher against the dollar Thursday, opening at 4.85/87 rands to the dollar after diving to 4.91/93 Tuesday following the resignation of Finance Minister Derek Keys.
The commercial rand was little changed, opening at 3.6695/710 rands to the dollar after closing at 3.6645/60.
Gold opened at 384.00/50 dollars an ounce after closing at 383.60/384.10 in New York Wednesday.
Varennikov, a former deputy defense minister and commander in chief of the armed forces, had said after February's parliament amnesty vote that he wanted to be brought to trial so that light could be shed on the reasons for the "Soviet tragedy."
Southern leader flees Mukalla, one of his aides killed  DUBAI, July 7 (AFP)  The leader of breakaway south Yemen Ali Salem al-Baid fled Mukalla after its capture by northern forces and one of his aides was killed in the fighting, Arab diplomats in the Gulf said.
Baid, rival to Yemen's northern President Ali Abdallah Saleh and his former vice president, moved headquarters from Aden to Mukalla shortly after war broke out on May 5.
Patten spoke a week after the Legislative Council adopted his controversial democratic reform proposals, ignoring China's repeated threats to overhaul Hong Kong's political system immediately after the 1997 handover.
Boatpeople detained in Australia  DARWIN, Australia, July 7 (AFP)  Seventeen boat people, thought to be Vietnamese, were placed in detention after arriving in Australia on Thursday, officials said.
Southern leader flees Mukalla, one of his aides killed  DUBAI, July 7 (AFP)  The leader of breakaway south Yemen Ali Salem al-Baid fled Mukalla after its capture by northern forces and one of his aides was killed in the fighting, Arab diplomats in the Gulf said.
Baid, rival to Yemen's northern President Ali Abdallah Saleh and his former vice president, moved headquarters from Aden to Mukalla shortly after war broke out on May 5.
Bizimana was appointed January 1 by the former, Hutu-dominated government in Rwanda, and his continued presence here after the massacre of tens of thousands of Tutsis at the hands of government forces in Rwanda has aroused controversy.
Three committees had been set up in talks with PLO chairman Yasser Arafat and Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres in Paris on Wednesday, Rabin said after meeting here with French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe.
Rabin said that after the talks with the Palestinians, Israel hoped to "make a new start with the Jordanians," but said "we will see what will happen" with Syria.
Arafat, who came to Paris after a five-day visit to the newly autonomous areas, said the discussions had been very positive.
The seizure near Kashmar, in Khorasan province, came after a month- long police hunt to track down a "large drug trafficking gang," IRNA said.
A court here Monday gave police until August 4 to arrest Nasreen after they failed to produce her for a hearing.
Arab diplomats in the Gulf said meanwhile that the leader of breakaway south Yemen Ali Salem al-Baid fled the city of Mukalla, 700 kilometers (434 miles) east of here, after its capture by northern forces.
Baid, rival to Yemen's northern President Ali Abdallah Saleh and his former vice president, moved headquarters from Aden to Mukalla shortly after war broke out on May 5.
"I am very happy, the law has been adopted in unaminity after very lengthy, very deep debate among the members of parliament," Co-Premier Prince Norodom Ranariddh said at the end of a three-and-a-half day parliament session.
The moves came a day after a top-level security meeting that ordered a crackdown on suspects behind the attempted coup, in which a convoy of 200 troops in armoured personnel carriers were halted on the road leading the capital.
Sin Song, who was detained shortly after the thwarted coup, has been billed as a ringleader along with Prince Norodom Chakrapong -- half- brother and deadly rival to Prince Ranariddh.
                   G7-summit                    500 words around 1100 GMT     PARIS:         Paris' top internal security officer is                    fired in what is turning into a French                    "Watergate" after revelations that police                    spied on a top-level meeting of leaders of                    the opposition Socialist Party.
On Wednesday, the US Federal Reserve ended a two-day meeting without raising interest rates, but dealers believe an increase could still come after publication of the US non-farm payroll figures on Friday or at the end of the G7 summit on Sunday.
Blair, who was speaking after having met the president of the EU Commission, Jacques Delors, was cautious in his comments about a veto imposed by British Prime Minister John Major against the appointment at an EU summit meeting in Corfu on June 24 and 25 of Belgian Prime Minister Jean-Luc Dehaene as the next president of the commission.
But the two sides undertook contacts in June after a six-month effort that started with the exchange of prisoners of war in December 1993.
In the incident, reported by this week's edition of the satirical newspaper Le Canard Enchaine, a member of France's domestic intelligence service eavesdropped at a June 19 meeting at which the Socialists were deciding on a confidence motion presented by their leader Michel Rocard after the party's drubbing in European Parliament elections.
Peres was speaking after overnight talks with the PLO chairman in the French capital which followed a day-time meeting which also included Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin.
Arafat arrived in Paris Wednesday after a triumphant five-day visit to the newly autonomous Gaza strip and Jericho areas, meeting here with Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and Foreign Minister Shimon Peres shortly after his arrival.
Wildfires trap firefighters killing at least 11  GLENWOOD SPRINGS, Colorado, July 7 (AFP)  At least 11 firefighters were killed and three others were missing after raging wildfires trapped them in the Colorado Rocky Mountains, Governor Roy Romer said.
At daybreak there will be a helicopter search for the three still missing," Romer told reporters after arriving here late Wednesday to survey the damage.
Interior Secretary Bruce Babbit was expected here Thursday after cancelling a trip to Idaho, a spokeswoman said.
He was referring to a freeze imposed February 25 after the British press reported an illegal arms-for-aid package between the two countries and alleged that top members of Malaysia's ruling party made millions of dollars in windfall profits as a result.
It was issued after a meeting here late Wednesday by visiting Israeli and Palestinian delegations.
Ex-All Black great says controversial prop should have been banned  AUCKLAND, July 7 (AFP)  Legendary All Black great Don Clarke claimed Thursday that controversial New Zealand prop Richard Loe should have been banned for life after he broke Wallaby Paul Carozza's nose two years ago.
Loe, 34, recalled for the tests against France and South Africa this year after serving a six-month ban for eye-gouging.
The association reached the ruling, made public Thursday, after a 16 -year-old apprentice wrestler had an implant to increase his height by about 10 centimetres (about four inches), while another increased his height by four centimetres (1.5 inches).
In Shenzhen, 84 died in a fire at a Hong Kong-funded toy factory in November, three months after 18 were killed in a blast at a chemical warehouse in the city.
The city has been without running water for more than a week after a water pumping station was destroyed during the northern advance.
Arab diplomats in the Gulf added that the leader of breakaway south Yemen Ali Salem al-Baid fled the city of Mukalla, 700 kilometers (434 miles) east of here, after its capture by northern forces.
Baid, rival to Yemen's northern President Ali Abdallah Saleh and his former vice president, moved headquarters from Aden to Mukalla shortly after war broke out on May 5.
BULLETIN  ADEN, Yemen, July 7 (AFP)  The city of Aden has fallen to northern troops, northern officials broadcast after seizing the southern port's television station.
URGENT  ADEN, Yemen, July 7 (AFP)  The city of Aden has fallen to northern troops, northern officials broadcast after seizing the southern port's television station.
The fall was reported after the north mounted an offensive from the Khormaksar neighborhood, which commands access via a narrow strip of land to the refugee-swollen old town jutting into the sea, witnesses said.
The association reached the ruling, made public Thursday, after a 16 -year-old apprentice wrestler had an implant to increase his height by about 10 centimetres (about four inches), while another increased his height by four centimetres (1.5 inches).
PAL ground crew to strike after dismissal of 180 union members  MANILA, July 6 (AFP)  The ground crew union of financially-troubled Philippine Airlines Inc.
(PAL) said Thursday it would go on strike after the airline sacked 180 union officers and members who had taken part in an illegal strike last month.
The ground crew union, representing 9,000 of PAL's 13,000 employees, staged the strike after government-sponsored talks on their demands for a 3,600-peso (133-dollar) salary hike spread over the next three years bogged down.
The communique Thursday was issued after a meeting here late Wednesday by visiting Israel and Palestinian delegations.
Arafat met with both Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and Israel Foreign Minister Shimon Peres shortly after arriving Wednesday.
The fall was reported after the north mounted an offensive from the Khormaksar neighborhood, which commands access via a narrow strip of land to the refugee-swollen old town jutting into the sea.
Gun owners told firearms and drink don't mix  BEIRUT, July 7 (AFP)  Lebanon banned licensed gun-owners from carrying firearms into restaurants, nightclubs and bars where alcohol is served after recent gunfights, the press said Thursday citing the defence ministry.
The ban was agreed after an unspecified number of gunfights broke out recently in such places between people with gun permits, according to the defence ministry.
However, Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Shen Guofang said Beijing, which has viewed Taiwan as a renegade province ever since nationalist forces fled to the island after losing the civil war in 1949, looked on such a proposal as trying to split China.
And Hill knows that the performance of young Scot David Coulthard, the Williams test driver pressed into service after Ayrton Senna's death, "has put extra pressure on me."
Jean-Luc Lundi was sentenced Wednesday after police discovered the revisionist texts, which denied the Nazi genocide against the Jews, on the shelves of the town's Ulysee bookshop.
The move came a day after the government charged with treason Moshood Abiola, presumed winner of the cancelled 1993 presidential election, and arrested the leader of the union which organized the oil strike.
He was arrested last month after proclaiming himself president and vowing to form a government on the first anniversary of the June 12, 1993 elections.
(new series) Aden falls to northern forces, north announces by Mohammad Attar  ADEN, Yemen, July 7 (AFP)  Aden fell Thursday to forces loyal to Yemen's northern President Ali Abdallah Saleh after more than two months of civil war, the north announced after capturing the southern city's television station.
Saleh now appears to have crushed the "rebellion" by his southern rival and former vice president Ali Salem al-Baid who declared a separate Yemen Democratic Republic two weeks after war broke out on May 5.
The fall of Aden was announced after the north mounted an offensive from the Khormaksar neighborhood, which commands access via a narrow strip of land to the refugee-swollen old town jutting into the sea.
The city has been without running water for more than a week after a water pumping station was destroyed during the northern advance.
Arab diplomats in the Gulf added that Baid fled the city of Mukalla after its capture by northern forces earlier in the week, but did not know where he had gone.
Baid moved headquarters from Aden to Mukalla shortly after war broke out.
War broke out May 5 after a nine-month struggle between Baid and Saleh over sharing power in united Yemen, the product of an easy four-year union between the former Marxist South and conservative North Yemen.
The announcement came two days after Gian Carlo Caselli, a public prosecutor in Palermo, Sicily's main city, for the first time accused the former premier and grand old man of Italian politics of membership of the Cosa Nostra.
The scandal erupted after the satirical weekly Le Canard Enchaine alleged on Wednesday that a government intelligence service officer eavesdropped at a closed-door June 19 Socialist Party meeting.
The meeting attended by the leadership of the opposition party was being held to rule on the fate of then leader Michel Rocard after a severe defeat inflicted on the Socialists at European Parliament elections.
Dealers said the market calm ahead of a possible rise in US interest rates after Friday's US employment statistics.
Eurotunnel rose two pence to 278 after its rights issue in Paris was 93.4 percent taken up, in line with expectations, although there was some disappointment that demand did not quite match supply.
In Paris, shares dropped 0.05 French francs to 23.30 after reaching a low of 23.10.
The announcement came two days after Gian Carlo Caselli a public prosecutor in Palermo, Sicily's main city, for the first time accused the former premier and grand old man of Italian politics of membership of the Cosa Nostra.
The officials announced the trial, which will be held in Palermo starting October 19, after preliminary investigating magistrate Agostino Gristiana approved Caselli's call for Andreotti to be tried on the amended accusation.
Caselli modified the accusation after months of probing by island investigators into Andreotti's suspect links with senior Sicilian figures.
Rabin said after a meeting with French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe that three committees had been set up.
Rabin said after the talks with the Palestinians Israel hoped to "make a new start with the Jordanians," but said "we will see what will happen" with Syria.
Bundesbank keeps key rates steady  FRANKFURT, Germany, July 7 (AFP)  The Bundesbank said Thursday it was not changing its key interest rates, a Bundesbank spokesman said after the central council's twice monthly meeting.
The next meeting after that will take place on August 18.
Relations between the two countries deteriorated after Luanda authorities, engaged in a long-running civil war with the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA), accused their central African neighbour of providing arms for UNITA.
The country has been constantly at war since 1975, with the exception of a 16-month lull after peace accords were signed in 1991.
Northants relish away tie  LONDON, July 7 (AFP)  Northamptonshire hope their superb away form will see them to another NatWest Trophy success after picking up a quarter-final tie at either Worcestershire or Nottinghamshire on Thursday.
Northants took the trophy at Lord's in 1992 after a succession of away games, and Allan Lamb's brilliant unbeaten 129 at Middlesex on Wednesday earned his side and another away trip on July 26th.
Hundreds of striking workers at Hanjin Heavy Industries came down from a half-completed, Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) carrier, where they had been holed up, after reaching an agreement with the management, a company official said.
The agreement came after the Labor Ministry decided to try to arbitrate the strike to prevent the labor dispute from spreading to other work places.
Meanwhile, some 2,000 workers at Kolon in the southeastern city of Kumi struck indefinitely after their demand for a 22 percent wage hike was rejected, a company spokesman said, adding that workers also wanted to be consulted over automation of the plant.
But the consortium was dropped February 25 after British media reports of corruption in Anglo-Malaysian trade.
A perception that the world economy has entered a new environment has led France to press for discussion of ways to strengthen international cooperation on monetary policy 50 years after the Bretton Woods conference.
Lara said he was rejuvenated after his break and looking forward to Saturday's Benson and Hedges Cup final against local rivals Worcestershire at Lord's.
Warwickshire are still in the running for a Grand Slam of all four titles after Thursday's NatWest Trophy second round win at Leicester.
"Fielding has always been an enjoyable part of the game for me, but I must look after myself if I have got an injury."
The incident came hours after a similar clash in Berlin, when other demonstrators appeared to prevent Li from making the traditional passage for visitors through Berlin's Brandenburg Gate.
Li made the decision after about 100 demonstrators gathered at the Goethe Museum and booed the Chinese premier as he arrived there, a spokesman for the Thueringen regional government said.
reopens (ADEN) The Yemeni authorities restored direct telephone links with the outside world Thursday after it was announced that Aden had fallen to northern forces, officials said in Sanaa.
They were cut after war broke out on May 5.
Concert, which encompasses a range of networking products and services potentially including managed data services, global applications and network management services, was launched on June 15 after authorisation by US authorities.
"It's not just a question of handing over the keys to the front door," he told legislators a week after they adopted his controversial democratic reform proposals over China's fierce objections.
Sino-British relations are only now recovering from their lowest point in years, after China declared that it will ditch Patten's reforms come 1997 in favor of a fresh political system tailored to its liking.
Hours after legislators adopted the electoral reforms, which will extend the franchise for 1995 elections, the Sino-British Joint Liaison Group resolved a seven-year row over the future of British military lands in Hong Kong.
The communique Thursday was issued after a meeting here late Wednesday by visiting Israeli and Palestinian delegations.
Arafat met with both Rabin and Israel Foreign Minister Shimon Peres shortly after arriving Wednesday.
Kyaw Maung said all eight had been fully "pardoned" and would soon join their families after having spent a month being de-briefed at a military intelligence base here.
But Sugar, who joined the club after the misdemeanours, appears reluctant to back down.
Southern leaders flee Aden, Mukalla  DUBAI, July 7 (AFP)  The leader of breakaway south Yemen Ali Salem al-Baid fled Mukalla after its capture by northern forces and one of his aides was killed in the fighting, Arab diplomats in the Gulf said.
But the Yemeni ambassador to Riyadh Ghalib Ali Jamil said Thursday Baid and five companions had been granted political asylum in Oman after arriving there on Wednesday.
Baid, rival to Yemen's northern President Ali Abdallah Saleh and his former vice president, moved headquarters from Aden to Mukalla shortly after war broke out on May 5.
Rabin, who did not take part in the late-night session, said after meeting French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe that three committees had been set up "to advance the second stage of the Palestinian question" without giving details.
The statement was issued after the two leaders emerged from three hours of talks with President Nelson Mandela and Mozambique's Joaquim Chissano.
Tottenham and Liverpool are also after the 21-year- old.
The announcement came two days after Gian Carlo Caselli, a public prosecutor in Palermo, Sicily's main city, for the first time accused the former premier and grand old man of Italian politics of membership of the Mafia.
Caselli modified the accusation after months of probing by island investigators into Andreotti's suspect links with senior Sicilian figures.
The Dow Jones Index of 30 leading industrials several minutes after the opening was up 4.85 points (0.13 percent) at 3,679.35 points.
Nash on the move  LONDON, July 7 (AFP)  New Zealand's new cricket hero Dion Nash has shot up the world bowlers' rankings after his inspired Test performances against England.
England skipper Mike Atherton moved up to joint eighth from 10th place at the start of the series after compiling two centuries, but Alec Stewart dropped four places to 12th despite his sparkling century in the Lord's Test.
Several minutes after trading resumed, the greenback was at 1.5808 German marks against 1.5770 German marks at Wednesday's close and at 99.26 yen against 98.95 yen.
The statement was issued after the two leaders emerged from three hours of talks with President Nelson Mandela and Mozambique's Joaquim Chissano.
Relations between Angola and Zaire deteriorated after Luanda, engaged in a long-running civil war with the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA), accused Zaire of providing weapons to UNITA.
Minali, 24 and who only turned pro last season, crossed the line inches clear of Germany's Olaf Ludwig and another Italian, Silvio Martinello, after a 187km (116 mile) run through the English countryside.
The highlight of the stage was a four-man breakaway -- Frenchman Pascal Herve, Belgian Edwig Van Hooydonck and Italians Giancarlo Perini and Marco Lietti -- after only 25kms (15 miles).
The Nissho Iwai spokesman said the fianl contract for the project would be signed by the end of this year after the financing is worked out.
   Thursday, July 7 (since 0300 GMT)     ADEN, Yemen: Aden fell to forces loyal to Yemen's northern President Ali  Abdallah Saleh after more than two months of civil war, the north announced  after capturing the southern city's television station.
(AFP)     DUBAI: Arab diplomats said the leader of breakaway south Yemen Ali Salem  al-Baid fled Mukalla after its capture by northern forces and one of his aides  was killed in the fighting.
The Yemeni  ambassador to Riyadh Ghalib Ali Jamil said Baid and five companions had been  granted political asylum in Oman after arriving there on Wednesday.
(AFP)     PARIS: PLO chief Yasser Arafat will convene the Palestinian parliament in  the Gaza Strip in the "very near future" to modify the Palestinian charter,  which now does not recognize Israel's right to exist, a joint  Palestinian-Israeli statement said after talks here.
(AFP)     GLENWOOD SPRINGS, Colorado: At least 11 firefighters were killed and three  others were missing after raging wildfires trapped them in the Colorado Rocky  Mountains, Governor Roy Romer said.
President Ali Abdallah Saleh appears to have crushed the "rebellion" by his southern rival and former vice president Ali Salem al-Baid who declared a separate Yemen Democratic Republic after war broke out May 5.
Diplomats and political sources said Baid and most of his aides had fled Aden and the other main southern city of Mukalla, 700 kilometers (434 miles) to the east, after it was captured earlier in the week.
The fall of Aden was announced after the north mounted an offensive from the Khormaksar neighborhood which commands access via a narrow strip of land to the refugee-swollen old town which juts into the sea.
The city has been without running water for more than a week after a water pumping station was destroyed during the northern advance.
Baid moved headquarters from Aden to Mukalla shortly after war broke out.
War broke out May 5 after a nine-month struggle between Baid and Saleh over sharing power in united Yemen, the product of an easy four-year union between the former Marxist South and conservative North Yemen.
    July 7 (AFP) - The 1500 GMT news advisory:     ADEN,     Yemen:          Aden falls to northern forces who cry                     victory after a two-month civil war                     to end the south's secession from                     united Yemen.
                    Yemen,2ndlead,                     700 words around 1600 GMT                     by Mohammad Attar     DUBAI:          The leader of breakaway south Yemen Ali                     Salem al-Baid flees Mukalla after its                     capture by northern forces and one of his                     aides was killed in the fighting,                     Arab diplomats in the Gulf say.
"With government troops entering the entire city of Aden, the secessionist rebellion begun in early May has ended, especially after rebel leaders fled the country and hundreds of others surrendered," a government spokesman said.
Indonesian army apologizes to East Timorese Catholics by Pascal Mallet  JAKARTA, July 7 (AFP)  Indonesia faced new controversy over the disputed East Timor on Thursday after two Moslem soldiers committed sacrilege in a Roman Catholic church.
An Indonesian garrison commander apologised after the Roman Catholic Church of East Timor accused Moslem troops of entering a church in the former Portuguese colony and stamping on sacred communion wafers.
Washington agreed to reopen the talks after Kim Il-Sung offered to freeze the nuclear program when he received former US president Jimmy Carter in mid-June in Pyongyang.
Provided all goes as planned in the early exchanges, the talks are to resume Monday after the Sunday break and are open-ended, the State Department said.
But, citing reports it said were presented at the president's office, Al-Hayat said the officer was a supporter of the outlawed Islamic Salvation Front (FIS) and acted after hearing that Algerian President Liamine Zeroual would not grant an amnesty to free detained FIS leaders on independence day.
Hong Kong Nuclear Investment Co. Ltd., a joint venture partner in the Daya Bay power plant, said the number one unit was shut down on Saturday after "some water leaks" were found in the generator's hydrogen cooling system.
One of the two hunger strikers was arrested less than two hours after beginning the fast, it added.
The disconnections came after KPTC managing director Samson Chemai said government ministries owed the corporation more than two billion shillings (nearly 36 million dollars) and warned telephones would be cut without notice "unless ministries made immediate payments."
Four years after Lebanon's 15-year civil war ended the Lebanese are still suffering daily power cuts, while rural areas receive less electricity than the cities.
"With government troops entering the entire city of Aden, the secessionist rebellion begun in early May has ended, especially after rebel leaders fled the country and hundreds of others surrendered," the spokesman told AFP.
The fall of Aden, after a relentless month-long siege, came after northern troops mounted an offensive from the Khormaksar neighborhood which commands access via a narrow strip of land to the refugee- swollen old town which juts into the sea.
The city has been without running water for more than a week after a water pumping station was destroyed during the northern advance.
Baid moved headquarters from Aden to Mukalla shortly after war broke out.
War broke out after a nine-month struggle between Baid and Saleh over sharing power in united Yemen, created when former Marxist South and conservative North Yemen were merged in May 1990.
The highlight of the stage was a four-man breakaway -- Frenchman Pascal Herve, Belgian Edwig Van Hooydonck and Italians Giancarlo Perini and Marco Lietti -- after only 25kms (15 miles).
Britain's Chris Boardman lies 14th overall after the mass finish, while Toni Rominger, one of the favourites for this year's Tour, paid tribute to the crowds.
His removal from France Soir has never been explained by Hersant, but his departure comes after statements by Villin on the future of France-Soir, which he thinks should be separated from Socpresse and come under the control of an outside investor.
He was referring to a freeze imposed February 25 after the British press reported an illegal arms-for-aid package between the two countries and alleged that top members of Malaysia's ruling party made millions of dollars in windfall profits as a result.
Marwan Aziz, 26, was leaving Iraqi Kurdistan after visiting his ill mother in Sulaymaniyah when he was arrested with a friend June 22 by members of the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) near Dohuk, sources close to his family said.
Abiola, the presumed winner of elections held on June 12 last year and later annulled by the junta, was detained last month after he proclaimed himself head of state.
The move came a day after the government charged Abiola in a court set up by the junta, and arrested the leader of the powerful NUPENG oil and gas union which organized the oil strike.
Memories of dictatorship and repression remain strong in east Germany, where the Berlin Wall collapsed just months after the bloody crackdown in China against the pro-democracy movement.
He made the decision after about 100 demonstrators, held back by police, gathered at the Goethe Museum and booed the Chinese premier as he arrived, a spokesman for the regional government of Thuringia said.
He went on to be elected president of Russia after the union collapsed.
The Palestinian Arab people possess the legal right to their homeland and have the right to determine their destiny after achieving the liberation of their country in accordance with their wishes and entirely of their own accord and will.
Anyone born after that date, of a Palestinian father -- whether inside Palestine or outside it -- is also a Palestinian.
He has even signed a decree authorizing the reopening of the plant's number 2 reactor, shut down after a serious fire in 1991.
Rebuilding after a plane crash wiped out the first team, the former Chelsea manager survived a coup attempt after the side failed to reach the World Cup finals.
Relations between Angola and Zaire deteriorated after Luanda, engaged since 1975 in a civil war with Savimbi's National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA), accused Zaire of providing weapons to UNITA.
A UN-brokered peace agreement was signed in 1991, but the former Portuguese colony plunged back into civil war in late 1992 after UNITA refused to recognize its loss in elections held under the accord.
Copper closed at 2,397 dollars per tonne, after touching a low of 2,388 during the day, as traders said there was widespread liquidation, initiated by funds, together with earlier reports of Chinese selling in the pre-market.
Saleh calls on Yemenis to rebuild war-torn country  SANAA, July 7 (AFP)  Yemen President Ali Abdallah Saleh called on Yemenis on Thursday to rebuild the country after northern forces declared victory in the 10-week civil war.
In his first speech since the fall of Aden Saleh said the "Yemeni people, after having rid themselves of the separatist rebels, face a period of reconstruction," the official news agency SABA reported.
War erupted on May 5 between rival northern and southern forces after months of tension between Saleh and his southern rival and former vice president Ali Salem al-Baid.
World Cup notebook  LOS ANGELES, California, July 7 (AFP)  Thursday's World Cup diary Dutch delay The Dutch team's move from Orlando to Dallas for the World Cup quarter-finals was delayed five hours after a Dutch journalist joked about having a bomb in his bag.
(AFP) Ramos recovering US midfielder Tab Ramos, whose skull was cracked when he was elbowed by Brazil's Leonardo on Monday, said that for a moment after the blow he feared for his life.
Not forgotten  (LOS ANGELES) Luboslav Penev, the Bulgarian player who missed the finals after surgery for a testicular tumour, has not been forgotten.
Pasqua shakes up intelligence service after spying scandal  PARIS, July 7 (AFP)  Interior Minister Charles Pasqua said on Thursday he would overhaul France's domestic intelligence service, moving to defuse a scandal over an agent who spied on a closed-door meeting of the opposition Socialist Party.
Pasqua fired two French internal security chiefs involved in allowing the agent to listen in on the Socialists meeting on June 19, when Michel Rocard was voted out as leader after the party's drubbing in European Parliament elections.
The scandal erupted on Wednesday after the eavesdropping was revealed by the satirical-investigative weekly Canard Enchaine.
UN to take humanitarian role after fall of Aden  UNITED NATIONS, July 7 (AFP)  The United Nations said it would take up a humanitarian role following the fall of Aden in southern Yemen to northern forces Thursday.
Aden, under seige for a month, has been without running water for more than a week after a water pumping station was destroyed during the northern advance.
Douglas in stable condition  COLUMBUS, Ohio, July 7 (AFP)  The condition of former world heavyweight boxing champion James "Buster" Douglas is improving after being admitted to hospital here on Monday with a severe diabetic condition.
It was closed after a fire in 1991.
Credit Lyonnais rose by 6.8 percent on the day, Credit Local de France 6.6 after announcing a good first half, Unibail 5.7, and Cetelem 4.4 percent.
Team owner Frank Williams has made no secret of his desire to hire Mansell again for a full season next year and either Hill or David Coulthard, promoted from test driver after Senna's death, would have to go.
The Mollen commission -- named for its director judge Milton Mollen -- was set up in June 1992, a month after the arrest of six police who were charged with taking bribes from drug dealers and other acts of corruption.
Southern Yemeni official reports massacres in Aden  NICOSIA, July 7 (AFP)  A southern Yemeni official said massacres took place in Aden after the port city fell to northern troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh Thursday.
"With government troops entering the entire city of Aden, the secessionist rebellion begun in early May has ended, especially after rebel leaders fled the country and hundreds of others surrendered," the spokesman told AFP.
The fall of Aden, after a relentless month-long siege, came after northern troops mounted an offensive from the Khormaksar neighborhood.
A southern Yemeni official later said massacres took place in Aden after the port city fell to northern troops.
The city has been without running water for more than a week after a water pumping station was destroyed during the northern advance.
Baid moved headquarters from Aden to Mukalla shortly after war broke out.
War broke out after a nine-month struggle between Baid and Saleh over sharing power in united Yemen, created when former Marxist South and conservative North Yemen were merged in May 1990.
Paramount stockholders approved the merger during a special meeting Wednesday The merger agreement was made February 15, after five months of tough financial battling and competition with telemarketing network QVC.
The England batsman transformed the game when Worcestershire resumed at 36 for one after a rain-sodden first day.
Man of the match Hick shared partnerships of 87 with Australian Tom Moody (35) and 65 with Gavin Haynes who was awarded his county cap after making 46.
In eastern Croatia an official from the town of Osijek, Branimir Glavas, dumped four lorry loads of rubbish in front of a UN control post after Russian peacekeeping troops closed the road to the local rubbish tip, which is in no-mans-land.
"They were screaming for him to race Lewis after the Olympics, but he did it in his own time when he felt it was right."
He ran similar to the way I run, picking his way through the field after an ordinary start.
Abiola was detained last month after proclaiming himself head of state.
The tourists lost Craig Matthews with a groin strain after five overs and then spinner Pat Symcox retired to the dressing room with an ice pack on his elbow.
Romanian football reaps benefits of revolution by Rebecca Bryan  ARCADIA, California, July 7 (AFP)  More than four years after the revolution that toppled Romanian dictator Nicolae Ceaucescu, the country's national football team is reaping the rewards.
Iordanescu, who was called in to replace Cornel Dinu after a 5-2 World Cup qualifying loss to the Czech Republic in June 1993, has been dismayed at the neglect of youth programmes.
"They said 800,000 to one million people were in the streets cheering the success of the team after Sunday's game against Argentina.
Violence in another flashpoint, KwaZulu-Natal province, has also been escalating in recent days after a lull in fighting during the country's first all-race elections in April.
Matthaus converted to sweeper this year but Brehme, recalled by Vogts last November, is unlikely to replace Martin Wagner after his Kaiserlautern club-mate's powerful performance against Belgium.
Brazil's Leonardo will be out after elbowing American Tab Ramos in the face in their second round match.
Troops of the rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) continued clean up operations in Kigali, three days after they captured the city.
An Arab League mission tried unsuccessfully to broker a ceasefire during a visit to Yemen on May 9, four days after the civil war erupted between Saleh's forces and those of his southern rival Ali Salem al-Baid.
"I particularly did not want it to go abroad," Hunt said after his purchase.
The gunmen fled the scene, and the army launched a manhunt after sealing off the area.
"As things stand he cannot play, but we still have some time to get him fit," Vogts said after the Borussia Dortmund midfielder took a knock on his left calf in training.
Urgent  PANAMA CITY, July 7 (AFP)  The Panamanian government decided Thursday against taking in Haitian refugees, three days after accepting a US request to give them refuge, officials said.
The decision came three days after President Guillermo Endara announced that Panama would accept up to 10,000 Haitian refugees picked up at sea by US ships.
Even when Advocaat took over from Rinus Michels as coach of the national team after the 1992 European championships it was generally regarded that he was just a stop-gap for Cruyff.
Panama decides against taking Haitian refugees  PANAMA CITY, July 7 (AFP)  The Panamanian government decided Thursday against taking in Haitian boat people, three days after accepting a US request to give them refuge, officials said.
The decision came three days after Endara had announced that Panama would accept up to 10,000 Haitian refugees picked up at sea by US ships.
Last year's runner-up Payne Stewart and Scotland's Sandy Lyle also crashed out of the event on a day which saw Englishman Peter Mitchell charge into a one-stroke lead after a seven-birdie 64 left him nine under on 131.
Mitchell's score was only one stroke outside this season's European record set by Els in Dubai and came after his withdrawal after one round in Ireland last week bnecause of 'flu.
First day leader Howard Twitty of the United States was the only man to have two eagles during his round -- but they came after the 45 -year-old American four-putted the first green and a level par-70 dropped him to joint tenth at six under.
In particular she said the probe should consider the welfare of the child involved in the case of Marilyn Wright, who had her son four years ago, after undergoing artificial insemination treatment for eight years.
    July 7 (AFP) - The 2100 GMT news advisory:     ADEN,     Yemen:          Aden falls to northern forces who cry                     victory after a two-month civil war                     to end the south's secession from                     united Yemen.
                    Yemen,3rdlead,                     700 words moved                     by Mohammad Attar     DUBAI:          The leader of breakaway south Yemen Ali                     Salem al-Baid flees Mukalla after its                     capture by northern forces and one of his                     aides was killed in the fighting,                     Arab diplomats in the Gulf say.
                    G7-summit                     600 words moved     OTTAWA:         Up to 13,000 Chinese, refused refugee status in Canada,                     will be able to stay after all, thanks to a decision by                     Canadian Immigration Minister Sergio Marchi.
The deal, reached after four months of tough negotiations, should be signed by an association of French export insurers, known as COFACE, within three months, the ministry said in a statement.
The deal came after three rounds of negotiations and many trips to and from Paris by Iranian negotiators.
He said a number of loyalist prisoners had refused to return to their wing after evening exercises Thursday.
The assault came after prisoners barricaded their wing in protest at what the Northern Ireland Office called a routine search operation.
Up to 13,000 Chinese, refused refugee status, can stay in Canada by Howard Williams  OTTAWA, July 7 (AFP)  Up top 13,000 Chinese citizens who stayed in Canada or fled to the country after the Tiananmen Square massacre, but who were then refused refugee status, will be able to stay here after all, the government announced Thursday.
Victory gunfire crackles over Aden after southern collapse  ADEN, Yemen, July 7 (AFP)  The night air in Aden crackled with gunfire and victory fireworks after the port city fell Thursday to northern Yemeni forces, who crushed the south's attempt to form a separate state.
"With government troops entering the entire city of Aden, the secessionist rebellion begun in early May has ended, especially after rebel leaders fled the country and hundreds of others surrendered," the spokesman told AFP.
The war broke out after a nine-month struggle between Baid and Saleh over sharing power in Yemen, created when former Marxist South and conservative North Yemen merged in May 1990.
The fall of Aden, after a relentless month-long siege, came after northern troops mounted an offensive from the Khormaksar neighborhood.
(ADEN) A southern Yemeni official said massacres took place in Aden after it fell to northern troops.
But according to independent sources, there were no mass executions or arrests, as most of the southern troops surrendered after Saleh's forces entered the city.
Baid moved headquarters from Aden to Mukalla shortly after war broke out.
The gunmen fled the scene, and the army launched a manhunt after sealing off the area.
Dollar slides after US comments on G7 meeting  NEW YORK, July 7 (AFP)  The dollar declined against the other major currencies except the pound sterling Thursday afternoon after a US official said the leading industrialized countries would not coordinate policy to support the greenback.
The dollar's decline resumed after a US administration official in Naples, Italy, for the Group of Seven summit, said Washington expects no dollar-yen coordination among the leaders despite the dollar's fall to historic lows against the Japanese currency.
But Minister of State for the Armed Forces Jeremy Hanley told the House of Commons a further personnel trim to 500 would take place after 1997.
Between 250 and 600 civilian jobs connected with the British forces there would also go after 1997, leaving a total of between 350 and 700 civilian posts, compared to the current 1,250.
Speaking at a news conference at Tel Aviv airport after returning from Paris, Rabin said: "We have asked, via the United States, for negotiations in the Middle East initially with the Jordanians, covering the problems of security, the environment, water and ecology."
Rabin said that after such discussions "there should be talks soon in the region at foreign minister level, in the presence of the (US) secretary of state."
In his first speech after returning to the Gaza Strip Friday Arafat called on Israel to free all Palestinian prisoners including Sheikh Ahmad Yassin.
He had said a number of loyalist prisoners had refused to return to their wing after evening exercises Thursday.
The assault came after prisoners in another Belfast prison, the Maze, barricaded their wing in protest at what the Northern Ireland Office called a routine search operation.
Panama's President Guillermo Endara came under a storm of criticism at home after announcing Monday that his country would take in up to 10,000 Haitian refugees.
Panama's President Guillermo Endara came under a storm of criticism at home after announcing Monday that his country would take in up to 10,000 Haitian refugees.
Abiola, the presumed winner of elections held on June 12 last year and later annulled by the junta, was detained last month after he proclaimed himself head of state.
More than 300,000 people statewide were without safe drinking water for the second straight day after flooding knocked out water treatment plants.
Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy planned to visit the area Friday after viewing flooded areas of Alabama in the morning with Transportation Secretary Federico Pena.
Sanaa's next battle -- overcoming history to cement Yemeni unity by Jean-Eudes Barbier  DUBAI, July 7 (AFP)  Having emerged victorious Thursday from two months of bloodshed with the secessionist south, Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh now faces a new battle -- to cement national unity after the storm.
The overwhelming feature of the election campaign has been Kiev's relations with Moscow two and a half years after independence from the former Soviet Union.
One hundred and three loyalist prisoners at Belfast's Crumlin Road Jail smashed their way through the roof and clambered out after refusing to return to their cells at the end of an exercise period.
The climbdown came soon after mediation by Unionist Belfast City Councillors who went into the jail for talks with the prison authorities and police.
It came after a series of threats and attacks against prison officers and their families from an outlawed loyalist organisation, the Ulster Freedom Fighters (UFF), which accused prison officers of harassing Protestant loyalist inmates after disturbances in the top security Maze Prison earlier this week.
The assault came after prisoners in the Maze barricaded their wing in protest at what the Northern Ireland Office called a routine search.
Reynolds, the 400m world record holder, sued the IAAF for 27.3 million dollars after being banned from the 1992 Olympics for a positive drug test two years earlier.
Lohr leads after record-breaking 61  WILLIAMSBURG, Virginia, July 7 (AFP)  Bob Lohr fired a course-record 10-under-par 61 here Thursday and snatched a three-stroke lead after the first round of the 1.1 million- dollar PGA Anheuser-Busch Golf Classic.
Team captain Francoise Durr has made it clear that Pierce had made no request for any extra payments for competing in the event, but she has confirmed that French Federation President Christian Bimes had promised the payment to any 'top-ten' ranked player in the squad after Pierce's defeat of Steffi Graf in the semi-finals at the French Open.
The tension between Pierce and her would-be team-mates surfaced again after the French number-one withdrew in tears from Wimbledon after a press campaign by English tabloid newspapers had threatened to confront her with her estranged and controversial father and former coach Jim Pierce at the All England Club during the Championships.
One health department official, Aloise Rushingabingwi, explained how the exodus from Kigali began after a warning from the Rwandan regular army that the RPF was about to seize the capital.
Senior officials of the former government have taken refuge in the palace at Gisenyi, on the shores of lake Kivu, after fleeing the RPF advance across the country.
Jordan's batting average stands at .193 after a hitless performance by the Birmingham Barons' outfielder, who said of his NBA glories, "I've lived that life."
He vowed to reassess his career after the season.
Brazil look for revenge 20 years later by Erskine McCullough  DALLAS, Texas, July 7 (AFP)  Twenty years after being beaten 2-0 by Holland in a World Cup finals match, Brazil finally get a chance for revenge when the two sides meet in the quarter-finals here on Saturday.
That plus the fact that Brazil, after a stunning opening match against Russia, are having difficulty getting going, gives the Dutch confidence they can upset the South Americans.
(DALLAS) The Dutch have been boosted by the return of Jan Wouters after a one match suspension.
The ruling by Judge Kathleen Kennedy-Powell during the preliminary hearing in the murder case means prosecutors can introduce a bloody glove and blood samples collected after police scaled a wall at his estate the night of the killings.
As testimony resumed after the ruling, the defense raised the possibility that police were called about a white burglary suspect at the scene of the killings.
Simpson has claimed he cut his finger on a water glass after he learned of the deaths.
Sacchi must decide whether to recall Gianluca Pagliuca in goal after his two match suspension for being sent off against Norway or stick with Luca Marchegiani, who has not made any mistakes while deputising.
John Cruyff offered him an eight-year contract worth three million dollars after the Basque goalkeeper's part in a magnificent run won Barcelona their second successive Spanish league title in 1993.
But Cruyff ripped up the contract after the 32-year-old goalkeeper watched in horror as Dejan Savicevic's 40-metre lob from the touchline sailed over his head for AC Milan's third goal in the European Cup final in May.
He showed he is still among the world's best goalkeepers," Spain coach Javier Clemente said after the Swiss win.
He was suspended for the first game here after being sent off in Spain's last qualifying game against Denmark, and was also missing when Barcelona lost the 1991 European Cup Winners' Cup to Manchester United.
More than 300,000 people statewide were without safe drinking water for the second straight day after flooding knocked out water treatment plants.
Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy planned to visit the area Friday after viewing flooded areas of Alabama in the morning with Transportation Secretary Federico Pena.
   Friday, July 8 (since 1500 GMT Thursday)     ADEN, Yemen: The night air crackled with gunfire and victory fireworks  after the port city of Aden fell to northern Yemeni forces, who crushed the  south's attempt to form a separate state.
 A perception that the world economy has entered a new environment has led  France to press for discussion of ways to strengthen international cooperation  on monetary policy 50 years after the Bretton Woods conference.
The Super 301 provision calls for a six-month investigation, with a possible 90-day extension, after which sanctions can be imposed.
A 52-year-old homeless man died in hospital late Wednesday after being rushed to hospital with cholera symptoms, but his cause of death has yet to be determined.
The territory's scare began after health inspectors last week found traces of cholera in tanks filled with polluted harbor water at a seafood restaurant in Aberdeen.
It was a second consecutive decline following a drop of 1.14 percent last summer, it reported after surveying 1,188 major companies.
Malaysia issues new health requirement for foreign workers  KUALA LUMPUR, July 8 (AFP)  Foreigners wishing to work in Malaysia will have to undergo medical tests in their home countries by Kuala Lumpur-sanctioned doctors, a report said Friday after a study showed many alien workers carried contagious diseases.
Rabin calls security review after two murders  TEL AVIV, July 8 (AFP)  Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin called together his security chiefs on Friday to review the situation after the murder of a 17-year-old Jewish girl and an Israeli soldier, officials said.
The new laws also preclude any return of property seized by the government in the north during the 1950s and in the south of the country after 1975, when the government took over all property.
Panic in police, army as rumours spread of wave of arrests by Kevin Barrington  PHNOM PENH, July 8 (AFP)  Cambodia's co-premiers sought to dispel panic that gripped the security apparatus Friday as police and army officials feared they would be targeted for arrest after last weekend's attempted coup.
A day after the authorities stepped up a crackdown on senior figures suspected of a role in the abortive takeover, co-premiers Prince Norodom Ranariddh and Hun Sen issued a statement appealing for calm.
Rumours of impending arrests spread across the city after police arrested Sin Sen, secretary of state for the interior, and Tes Choy, a senior police official, after a top-level security meeting Wednesday.
He was allowed to flee to Malaysia after the attempted coup, in response to a request from his father Prince Norodom Sihanouk.
Ziaul Huq Molla won the Bogra-4 parliamentary seat after it was left vacant following the death of his father, the official BSS news agency said.
Opposition parties have been boycotting parliament since March, demanding polls under a non-partisan interim government, after alleging that past by-elections had been rigged.
Weathermen raised the second of a four-stage storm alert after Tim moved within 640 kms (397 miles) of the town of Tuguegarao at 10:00 a.m. (0200 GMT), while the lowest alert was up in Manila and the eastern section of the main island of Luzon.
The NTT employee bought 50 million yen worth of NTT shares in 1987 after the former state-run monopoly of international telecommunications came under private ownership and went public, the reports said.
Government warns against looting after secession crushed by Katherine Roth  ADEN, Yemen, July 8 (AFP)  Yemen's victorious northern-based government issued stern warnings Friday against looting in areas captured from secessionist southern forces.
Residents of Aden were seen looting shops, offices and government buildings, including the former presidential mansion, after the southern city fell to northern forces on Thursday.
Plane crashes in thunderstorm, killing four  WICHITA, Kansas, July 8 (AFP)  A single-engine plane crashed here after taking off in a thunderstorm, killing a doctor, two of his sons and a family friend on board, authorities said.
Khilewi, 31, was a first secretary in the Saudi mission to the United Nations until he requested asylum in the United States after writing to his government May 17 accusing it of human rights violations and corruption.
Wildes said the Federal Bureau of Investigation was investigating Khilewi's allegation that a Saudi agent visited him after his May 17 letter offering him a bribe before telling him that his wife and children would be in danger if he did not meet with Bandar.
Parliament decided to carry out an enquiry by a cross-party panel in April, less than a month after the bank announced record losses of 6.9 billion francs (1.2 billion dollars) in 1993.
Up to 40 feared dead in boat crash  LAGOS, July 8 (AFP)  About 40 people, mostly schoolchildren and traders, were feared dead after a boat, tossed by a large wave, hit a concrete pillar and flung the occupants into the sea off Lagos, press reports said here Friday.
Even though there was half an hour to go and the tourists were well ahead on the scoreboard, Strauss insisted on returning to the fray after having a number of stitches inserted in the wound.
                   Cambodia-KhmerRouge                    600 words around 1015 GMT                    by Kevin Barrington     PHNOM PENH:    Cambodia's co-premiers try to dispel panic that                    has gripped the security apparatus, as police and                    army officials say they fear they will be                    targeted for arrest after last weekend's                    attempted coup.
Li Peng faces more rights demos as protests mount by Michael Anders  MUNICH, Germany, July 8 (AFP)  More human rights protests loomed for Chinese premier Li Peng in Germany Friday, after demonstrators caused him to cancel public engagements and cut short his programme the previous day.
The China coordinator for Amnesty International in Germany, Dirk Pleiter, said there were thousands of political prisoners in China who had been detained after unfair trials or no trial at all.
US journalist released by Somali kidnappers  NAIROBI, July 8 (AFP)  Somali kidnappers released a US reporter Friday, 20 days after seizing her in Somalia's capital Mogadishu, the US-based news agency Associated Press (AP) announced Friday.
HMS Tamar continues to receive visiting US warships, including cruisers, destroyers and amphibious assault ships, but Secretary for Security Alistair Asprey said he had no idea what vessels China planned to send to Hong Kong after 1997.
Among those rising, Fisons firmed by two pence to 140 after announcing it had appointed Stuart Wallis as chief executive.
Dealers said, however, that investors were continuing to buy after Thursday's revised growth estimates for the French economy.
He also supports making both Ukrainian and Russian official languages, though he himself only began learning Ukrainian after his appointment as prime minister.
Kravchuk, 60, has seen his star rise in recent opinion polls after coming out in support of closer links with Moscow, a stance backed by a reported 76 percent of voters.
As anti-Soviet feeling burgeoned after the 1991 hardline coup against Mikhail Gorbachev in Moscow, Kravchuk decided to pin his colours to Ukraine's pro-independence mast and was duly elected on a nationalist platform in December 1991.
The law adopted after lengthy negotations will allow communities that have a population that is more than 20 percent ethnic to set up road signs in that minority's language along with Slovak signs.
He told a press conference after holding bilateral talks here with US President Bill Clinton that he did not believe there would be stability in the exchange rate in the immediate future.
Murayama told a joint press conference after he had held bilateral talks with Clinton that he did not believe that there would be stability in the exchange rate in the immediate future.
(new series) Efforts to heal nation after secession crushed by Mohammad Attar  ADEN, Yemen, July 8 (AFP)  Yemen's northern government imposed order here Friday and called for healing a divided nation after crushing a southern separatist revolt in a 10-week civil war.
Defense Minister Abedrabbo Mansur toured Aden -- a day after northern forces captured this southern bastion and declared the "rebellion" over -- as the interior ministry issued a warning to looters here.
"With government troops entering the entire city of Aden, the secessionist rebellion begun in early May has ended, especially after rebel leaders fled the country and hundreds of others surrendered," the spokesman told AFP.
The fall of Aden, after a relentless month-long siege, came after the north mounted an offensive from the Khormaksar neighborhood.
The war broke out after a nine-month struggle between Baid and Saleh over sharing power in Yemen, created when former Marxist South and conservative North Yemen merged in May 1990.
The country slipped back into civil war after the death of President Juvenal Habyarimana and Burundian President Cyprien Ntariamira of Burundi, both Hutus, in a suspicious plane crash on April 6.
Speaking after a meeting with US President Bill Clinton, he called on Washington and Tokyo to coordinate economic policies in order to stabilise exchange rates, but Clinton said the dollar should be priced appropriately.
Countries around the world, especially Japan and the United States, should follow policies conducive to more stable exchange rates in cooperation with each other," Murayama told a news conference after a meeting lasting 90 minutes with Clinton.
President Nelson Mandela announced Liebenberg, 60, as Keys' replacement after the well-respected former corporate executive unexpectedly quit, citing unspecified personal reasons.
Keys was at pains to stress that he had no differences with Mandela's government of national unity, which took office after the first all- race election in April that ended white rule.
The mainly ethnic Tutsi RPF seized control of the capital, Kigali and Butare on Monday after a nearly three-month onslaught against the Hutu-dominated government forces.
Rwanda plunged into ethnic bloodletting pitting majority Hutus against minority Tutsis after Habyarimana was killed in a suspected attack on his plane in April.
The clash at the Argyrochori border crossing near Ioannina, capital of the northeastern Greek state of Epirus, came three months after unidentified guerrillas attacked a military base in a part of southern Albania claimed by Greek nationalists.
Hoyer spoke after he and several US representatives met Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic and Prime Minister Haris Silajdzic during a visit to the Bosnian capital.
Sanaa declared the southern "rebellion" over Thursday after northern troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh captured Aden.
War broke out May 5 after a nine-month struggle over power-sharing in Yemen, which was created when former Marxist South and conservative North Yemen merged in May 1990.
The letter, which was couched in "very general" terms, did not propose the holding of new negotiations but exchanges of views between the G7 countries and the European Union (EU) on ways of removing obstacles to trade remaining after conclusion of the Uruguay Round, the sources said.
Juppe said earlier the military situation had "stabilized," after the capital Kigali fell to rebels of the Tutsi-dominated Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) on Monday, and there might be a chance for a ceasefire in the small central African nation.
The humanitarian situation was "catastrophic throughout the country, particularly in the western region," Juppe told reporters after meeting with heads of 17 non-governmental organizations.
The north declared victory in their two-month war to crush the southern "rebellion" after capturing Aden on Thursday.
The war broke out after a nine-month struggle between Baid and Saleh over sharing power in Yemen, created when former Marxist South and conservative North Yemen merged in May 1990.
Clinton calls for new talks to remove trade barriers  NAPLES, Italy, July 8 (AFP)  US President Bill Clinton has written to all the leaders attending the G7 summit here calling for talks on ways of removing trade barriers which remain after conclusion of the Uruguay Round, EU sources said here Friday.
It did not propose the holding of new negotiations but exchanges of views between the G7 countries and the European Union (EU) on ways of removing obstacles to trade remaining after conclusion of the Uruguay Round under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) at the beginning of this year, the sources said.
They are the first traffic police to operate in the towns since December 1987, when all Palestinian policemen in the occupied territories resigned after the start of the intifada, or uprising.
He said the program was due to be launched on November 15 last year, about two months after the Israeli-Palestinian peace accord was signed in Washington.
He said it was still not clear whether the new recruits would eventually join the Palestinian police after they had deployed in the rest of the West Bank.
Wadkins can't fly because of an inner ear infection while the back injury that forced Mediate to pull out of the US Open after two rounds last month is still troubling him.
In a statement issued by the US embassy here, Washington said it welcomed the decision "taken after extensive debate in accordance with the democratic process."
Parliament voted unamimously, 103-0, to approve the law Thursday after three-and-a-half days of intensive debate.
Trade officials from North America, Europe and Japan are to meet on Saturday under a US initiative, and EU sources said that President Bill Clinton had written to the G7 leaders calling for talks on ways of removing trade barriers remaining after conclusion of the Uruguay Round.
An official of the European Union (EU) said here: "Ratification of the Uruguay Round, concluded in 1994, must be seen as the priority - but if President Clinton wants to give direction, without giving precise instructions, for continuation after the Uruguay Round, there will not be any opposition."
He was speaking at the university here after being awarded an honorary doctorate in philosophy.
F and N's share price recovered 10 cents to 15.80 Singapore dollars (10.4 dollars) Friday after plunging 70 cents Friday on news of the snag.
(changing dateline) Settlers rampage in West Bank after two Israelis killed by Nejla Sammakia  HEBRON, West Bank, July 8 (AFP)  Jewish settlers went on the rampage in the occupied West Bank Friday, attacking Palestinian cars and homes after two Israelis were killed by gunmen, Palestinian sources said.
30 feared dead after Sierra Leone boat capsizes  FREETOWN, July 8 (AFP)  About 30 people were feared dead after a dug-out canoe sank as it was taking tradesmen from neighbouring states to the Sierra Leone capital Freetown.
The only confirmed survivor, Morlai Conteh, swam two nautical miles to shore after the accident on Thursday.
INRO sold the last of its previous stockpile of 360,000 tonnes in 1989 after the spread of acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) triggered a rush for condoms and latex gloves, sending rubber prices to the highest levels since the Korean War in the 1950s.
We know we can beat them," said Mikhailov, who is hoping to attract the attention of a new club after leaving French side Mulhouse at the end of the season.
They day after the Mexico match, the extrovert Stoichkov, who seems to have found his spiritual home in Barcelona, led a party of players on a whirlwind tour of New York.
The move comes after French troops set up a "safety zone" in western Rwanda aimed at protecting refugees in the strife-torn central African country.
The average interest rate on the bellwether 30-year Treasury bond shot up to 7.67 percent at 8:40 a.m. (1240 GMT), 10 minutes after the report was released, from its 7.60 percent level late Thursday.
The trade sanctions were imposed on Iraq after its invasion of Kuwait in August 1990.
18 rescued after Philippines freighter sank: coast guard  CEBU, Philippines, July 8 (AFP)  Strong waves sunk a freighter near this central Filipino city, but all 18 people aboard were rescued, the coast guard here said Friday.
The move comes after French troops intervened in Rwanda in a controversial humanitarian mission aimed at protecting refugees amid ethnic massacres that have killed an estimated half-a-million people.
The French prime minister took the decision to make a personal appearance in New York after repeating on several occasions that there was no question of French troops becoming a "buffer force" in Rwanda.
The greenback rose briefly after the announcement at 1230 GMT to 1.5790 German marks here, but less than half an hour later stood at 1.5720 marks compared with 1.5715 Thursday evening in London.
After dipping below 2.42 marks at the opening, sterling rallied after the announcement of a reduction of the British trade deficit to 803 million pounds in April against the anticipated billion, and compared with 1.21 billion pounds in March.
His GAN teammate, Britain's Chris Boardman, had held the yellow jersey after the prologue and the first stage.
A UN-brokered peace agreement was signed in 1991, but the former Portuguese colony plunged back into civil war in late 1992 after UNITA refused to recognize its loss in elections held under the accord.
A trader with a European bank in New York said the dollar advanced after the Labor Department reported the unemployment rate in June was unchanged at six percent and 369,000 new non-farm jobs were created, but the bond market's negative reaction immediately slowed the rise.
Trade officials from  North America, Europe and Japan are to meet on Saturday under a US initiative,  and EU sources said that President Bill Clinton had written to the G7 leaders  calling for talks on ways of removing trade barriers remaining after  conclusion of the Uruguay Round.
(AFP)     ADEN, Yemen: Yemen's northern government imposed order and said it would  heal a divided nation after crushing a southern separatist revolt in a 10-week  civil war.
Defense Minister Abedrabbo Mansur toured Aden -- a day after  northern forces captured this southern bastion and declared the "rebellion"  over -- as the interior ministry issued a warning to looters here.
The French prime minister took the decision to make a  personal appearance in New York after repeating on several occasions that  there was no question of French troops becoming a "buffer force" in Rwanda.
She said that the Lalith faction of the DUNF decided to support the PA after appeals from thousands of supporters not to leave them in the lurch during the forthcoming polls.
Athulathmudali agreed to lead the election campaign for the breakaway DUNF faction after several senior party members decided to support President Dingiri Banda Wijetunga's United National Party (UNP) at next month's elections.
Athulathmudali, a former minister of national security, formed the DUNF after being sacked from the UNP in 1991 together with several other members, for leading a failed bid to impeach then president Ranasinghe Premadasa.
The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials was off 6.48 points at 3,681.94 about 25 minutes after the session opened on the New York Stock Exchange.
On the bond market, the average interest rate on the bellwether 30-year Treasury bond jumped to 7.68 percent from 7.60 percent after the Labor Department announced the unemployment rate was unchanged at six percent in June and 369,000 new jobs were created.
Bhd., was directed Friday to wind up after it became insolvent, in the first such case in the country's growing insurance industry.
Mercantile shareholders failed to inject fresh capital of at least 383.4 million ringgit (153.36 million dollars) to arrest the capital shortfall after being given an opportunity to do so by the finance minister, the bank said.
Meanwhile, the chief editor of Al-Jumhuriya, Samir Ragab, said that after the southern defeat "unity will only be maintained by oppression, fear and terrorism."
He was speaking after a meeting between US President Bill Clinton and Japanese Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama before the opening of a summit of the seven leading industrialised countries (G7) here.
Coffee was calmer after the turbulence of the previous week, but prices remained nervous and could go higher, dealers said.
Cambodian king tells son he cannot intervene further after coup  PHNOM PENH, July 8 (AFP)  Cambodian King Norodom Sihanouk has written to his son Prince Norodom Chakrapong, an alleged leader of a failed coup attempt last week, saying he could not intervene further on the prince's behalf.
Gold fell gradually all week on fears of a rise in US interest rates after turbulence on the currency markets pushed the metal up to high levels last week.
Current prices are around 54 percent above 1993 lows after the market was boosted by cuts last year.
The market returned to some sort of calm after a cold snap in Brazil last week saw prices soar.
Last week, dealers bought coffee feverishly after the Brazilian government said the frost wave should cost Brazil five million to eight million bags of coffee in the 1995-96 season, meaning a harvest of only 17 million to 23 million bags.
At the end of the week, Brazil decided to re-start exports, which had been suspended shortly after the cold snap to avoid internal prices rising too high.
The price of sugar fell during the week to about 315 dollars per tonne after beginning higher on speculation in New York.
A team of Egyptian archaeologists brought the relics into Egypt via the Gaza Strip crossing point of Rafah, after the Israeli department of antiquities had registered them with international organizations.
Israel first began returning Sinai's antiquities in April 1992, after having hammered out with the Egyptians a mechanism for the handover in January.
Prices continued their decline after speculative highs at the beginning of June.
                   G7-trade,lead                    600 words around 1730 GMT                    by Jan Kristiansen     DJIBOUTI:      Defiant separatist leaders who                    fled here from south Yemen fly to                    Saudi Arabia after refusing to                    concede defeat in their two-month                    war against the north.
                   Yemen-reax,                    500 words, moved     HEBRON,     West Bank:     Jewish settlers go on the rampage                    in the occupied West Bank, attacking                    Palestinian cars and homes after                    two Israelis are killed by gunmen.
They come weeks after prices were increased on many items, including electricity, transport, gas, tobacco and alcohol.
The French prime minister took the decision to make a personal appearance in New York after repeating on several occasions that there was no question of French troops becoming a "buffer force" in Rwanda.
Juppe said the military situation had "stabilized," after the rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front took the capital Kigali and held over two- thirds of the Rwandan territory.
The humanitarian situation was "catastrophic throughout the country, particularly in the western region," Juppe told reporters after meeting with heads of 17 non-governmental organizations here.
(changing dateline) Defiant Yemeni separatists head for Saudi Arabia  DJIBOUTI, July 8 (AFP)  Separatist Yemeni leaders left here for Saudi Arabia on Friday after refusing to concede defeat in a two-month war against President Ali Abdallah Saleh's northern forces.
The north declared victory in their two-month war to crush the southern "rebellion" after Aden fell.
The war broke out May 5 after a nine-month struggle between Baid and Saleh over sharing power in Yemen, created when former Marxist South and conservative North Yemen merged in May 1990.
Rising bond rates draw Dow down 6.48 points  NEW YORK, July 8 (AFP)  Blue-chip stocks recovered after heading lower early Friday, drawn down by a selloff on the bond market sparked by unexpectedly good US employment figures for June.
The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials moved lower after the opening but by 1500 GMT it had recovered the lost ground and was up 9.06 points (0.25 percent) at 3,697.48 points with 80 million shares changing hands.
On the bond market, the average interest rate on the bellwether 30-year Treasury bond jumped to 7.68 percent from 7.60 percent after the Labor Department announced the unemployment rate was unchanged at six percent in June and 369,000 new jobs were created.
He said Iraq had fulfilled most conditions set by the United Nations for lifting the sanctions, imposed on Iraq after its invasion of Kuwait in August 1990, and Russia wanted the UN Security Council to give a "positive signal."
Yates is Britain's second Tour leader  RENNES, France, July 8 (AFP)  Sean Yates became the second Briton to wear the yellow leader's jersey in the 1994 Tour de France after Friday's sixth stage, which was won by Italian Gianluca Bortolami.
Yates, who rides for the American team Motorola, had seen fellow countryman Chris Boardman win last Saturday's prologue and keep the yellow jersey after Sunday's first stage and the second on Monday.
Yates, 34, struck after the Tour returned from a two-day stint in southern England for the longest stage of this year's race, the 270km (168 mile) run from Cherbourg to Rennes.
Settlers went on the rampage in the occupied West Bank Friday, attacking Palestinian cars and homes after the deaths of Frige and an Israeli soldier Thursday.
The UN spokesman in Haiti, Eric Falt, told AFP Thursday that the mission would announce the resumption of operations after the General Assembly had renewed its mandate.
Murayama, in one of his first statements after becoming prime minister, had said that forign policy would be continued along the same lines as before.
Clinton was speaking after a meeting with Japanese Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama, who, in turn, called for economic cooperation between the United States, Japan and other countries to stabilise exchange rates.
US officials said Clinton had been fulsome in his praise of Murayama, saying that the new socialist Japanese premier had quickly grasped economic and political issues after little more than a week in the job.
But Judge Kathleen Kennedy-Powell also ruled Thursday that prosecutors could introduce a bloody glove and blood samples collected after police scaled a wall at O.J. Simpson's estate the night of the killings, without a search warrant.
Simpson has claimed he cut his finger on a water glass he broke after he learned of the deaths.
Clubs agree to tax probe  LONDON, July 8 (AFP)  The Inland Revenue (IR) is to put England's Premiership football clubs under the microscope within the next three months after agreeing to a voluntary tax investigation.
Tottenham recently were fined 1.5million pounds, banned from the FA Cup and docked six points for next season after being found guilty by the Football Association of making irregular payments.
The French prime minister took the decision to make a personal appearance in New York after repeating on several occasions that there was no question of French troops becoming a "buffer force" in Rwanda.
Juppe said the military situation had "stabilized," after the RPF took Kigali and held over two-thirds of the Rwandan territory.
The humanitarian situation was "catastrophic throughout the country, particularly in the western region," Juppe told reporters after meeting with heads of 17 non-governmental organizations here.
Aluminium rose 33 dollars during the day to close at 1,540 dollars per tonne after stocks fell a massive 20,125 tonnes to 2,587,750 tonnes.
Copper lifted 71 dollars to 2,468 dollars per tonne, recovering after crashing on Thursday as dealers feared the fundamentals did not support the price.
Dealers said current prices are around 54 percent above 1993 lows after the market was boosted by cuts last year.
Sacchi goes for AC Milan-look  BOSTON, Massachusetts, July 8 (AFP)  Goalkeeper Gianluca Pagliuca, sent off against Norway, returns after a two-match ban while winger Giuseppe Signori is dropped for Italy's World Cup quarter-final against Spain here on Saturday.
Four days after the first wildfires broke out in the village's province of Catalonia, lower temperatures aided firefighters Friday as they sought to bring the last of the blazes under control, a regional government official said.
Yates follows Boardman  RENNES, France, July 8 (AFP)  Sean Yates became the second Briton to wear the yellow leader's jersey in the 1994 Tour de France after Friday's sixth stage, which was won by Italian Gianluca Bortolami.
Yates, who rides for the American team Motorola, had seen fellow countryman Chris Boardman win last Saturday's prologue and keep the yellow jersey after Sunday's first stage and the second on Monday.
Yates, 34, struck after the Tour returned from a two-day stint in southern England for the longest stage of this year's race, the 270km (168 mile) run from Cherbourg to Rennes.
The route paid homage to the Allied D-Day landings, passing the Normandy beaches after the start at Cherbourg, before heading west to Rennes.
Sondashi, fired by Chiluba Monday for "impropriety and misconduct in office," briefly appeared in court after being arrested by police earlier in the day.
A prominent lawyer, Sondashi told a press briefing after his sacking Monday that he had evidence that Health Minister Michael Sata was managing a trust fund for Chiluba which he claimed accrued its resources from drug trafficking.
However, right-back Emil Kremenliev is missing after being sent off in the penalty shoot-out win over Mexico.
The dollar rose to 1.5790 marks immediately after announcement of US employment figures at 1230 GMT, but quickly turned back down to stand in late afternoon at 1.5605 marks, its lowest level in 15 months, compared with 1.5715 Thursday evening in London.
But it dropped later after the US non-farm payroll data produced a higher-than-expected rise in the number of new jobs, provoking fears of inflationary pressures and possibly higher interest rates.
Eurotunnel rose nine to 270, after falling from gains earlier in the week.
Commercial Union rose 21 pence to 528, after the press indicated that it had offered less than 1.46 billion pounds to buy the French insurance company Suez from its parent company Victoire, at the beginning of June.
FIFA president denies conspiracy against Maradona by Erskine McCullough  DALLAS, Texas, July 8 (AFP)  FIFA president Joao Havelange denied Friday there had been a conspiracy against expelled Argentinian star Diego Maradona after he failed a dope test.
Two of the best referees in the world, Kurt Rothlisberger of Switzerland and Mexico's Arturo Brizio were dismissed from the tournament after making serious errors in the second round.
reopens (NAPLES) Sergio Vento, a diplomatic advisor to Italian premier Silvio Berlusconi, said shortly after Clinton's statement that Italy was very favorable to his statements on trade liberalization.
Signori, who plays as a striker for his club Lazio, had insisted on Thursday that he was fresh after playing little over half a game against Nigeria.
(MARTINSVILLE) Sacchi also decided to recall Gianluca Pagliuca after the number one goalkeeper had served the two match ban he had earned by being sent off against Norway.
As well as the tiredness factor, Sacchi has had to reshuffle without his captain Franco Baresi, who needed knee surgery after the Norway match, and Alberigo Evani, who has been ruled out of the rest of the tournament.
"Japanese automakers' interest in China is very strong," Yukio Itagaki, chairman of the Japan Auto Parts Industries Association, said at a joint press conference after the five-day China-Japan Automotive Conference, the second of its kind.
Import duties of at least 78 US products, which did not need review by parliament, were reduced in March after a regular tariff reduction review program by customs authorities.
The China Times said Taiwan agreed to reduce the tariffs after the United States promised to help join the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT).
Judge Kathleen Kennedy-Powell ruled Thursday that prosecutors could introduce a bloody glove and blood samples collected after police scaled a wall at O.J. Simpson's estate the night of the killings, without a search warrant.
De Klerk encouraged by German support and understanding for South Africa  BONN, July 8 (AFP)  South Africa's deputy president Frederik de Klerk said Friday after talks in Germany with government and business leaders that he would return encouraged by the support and understanding he had met here.
Things are going to plan in South Africa," the leader of the white minority said after talks with Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel.
Proctor fury at "negative" Gloucestershire  BRISTOL, England, July 8 (AFP)  Furious South African coach Mike Procter ordered extra batting practice after Gloucestershire denied them a second innings in their drawn Challenge match here on Friday.
Gloucestershire finished the day on 201 for seven after the tourists declared 149 runs behind on 129 for six.
However, the call had to come when bickering began to split the squad after three poor displays in the first round -- during which Voller appeared for only 29 minutes -- and the media stuck the knife in back home.
Vogts asked Voller to come out of international retirement after a Bundesliga season in which seven of the top ten scorers were foreign.
Two months ago, after a meeting in France, Voller's presence at his third World Cup finals was decided.
He had retired from international football in October, 1992 with 85 caps and 44 goals after scoring in a 1-1 draw with Mexico in Dresden.
The striker is almost certain to leave Marseille after the French club were relegated to the second division in the wake of last year's match-fixing scandal.
The London stock market was pulled down slightly by a lower Wall Street after release of better-than-expected US job figures for June - which gave rise to fears of higher US interest rates.
Many investors sat on the sidelines, waiting for US job figures (released after the Frankfurt market closed).
Metallgesellschaft gained 1.40 marks on the day to end at 204.90, after announcing a pretax loss of 1.54 billion marks for the first half, due entirely to its US subsidiary.
(new series) Northern troops distribute food, water as Aden returns to normal by Mohammad Attar  ADEN, Yemen, July 8 (AFP)  Northern Yemeni troops distributed food and water to the population of Aden and guarded key buildings Friday as life began to return to normal in the port city after weeks of bitter fighting.
Defence Minister Abedrabbo Mansur toured Aden a day after northern forces captured the city and declared the southern "rebellion" over.
The day after northern forces on Thursday captured the town, Aden's markets came back to life and fresh vegetables were available again.
Separatist Yemeni leaders left Djibouti for Saudi Arabia on Friday after refusing to concede defeat in a two-month war against the northern forces.
The war broke out May 5 after a nine-month struggle between Baid and Saleh over sharing power in Yemen, created when former Marxist South and conservative North Yemen merged in May 1990.
Some speculated the Fed could intervene next week after the publication of the wholesale price index on Tuesday and consumer spending figures on Wednesday.
Others retreated into the university after a police charge and unfurled a red flag on the balcony.
But Panama's about-face three days after announcing an agreement with Washington could give volunteers second thoughts.
Soldiers using speed boats were rescuing marooned residents from several hamlets submerged by river waters in the district of Dhemaji, which was cut off from the rest of India after the national highway was breached, PTI said.
A series of measures were drawn up after accidents during the San Marino Grand Prix weekend which killed Austrian Roland Ratzenberger in practice and triple world champion Ayrton Senna during the May 1 race.
Announced by the ruling International Automobile Federation (FIA) on May 13 in Monaco, their introduction was subsequently modified after protests from teams.
Piccinini raised the spectre of further accidents after the double tragedy at Imola.
"I was really tired after the game.
In February, rightwing French deputy Yann Piat was shot dead after campaigning against collusion between politicians and the mafia in the Var region.
Kresimir Zubak predicted the renewal of the ceasefire after talks in Mostar, southern Bosnia, between federation leaders and UN special envoy to former Yugoslavia Yasushi Akashi, the Hina news agency reported here.
Another two suspects were arrested the same evening after police found 21.62 kilograms (47.5 pounds) of the drug in their possession near the same town, the report said.
Parnevik, who was two over after the first round on Wednesday, followed his second-round 65 with 64 on Friday, but had to wait out a rules decision after the wind moved his ball on the 17th green.
Twitty, who is also trying to avoid Open qualifying, came back into the picture with a 65 but Scotland's Colin Montgomerie, favourite after the halfway exit of US Open champion Ernie Els, fell back with a 69.
American John Daly, caught up in more controversy after airing rumours he had heard about players using cocaine, also carded a 69 to lie 12 adrift.
Presidents Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan, Askar Akayev of Kyrgyzstan and Islam Karimov of Uzbekistan made the pledge in a statement issued after a trilateral summit in the Kazakh capital Friday.
Problems will be resolved when there will no longer be an amorphous structure like the CIS but an effective organisation," Akayev said after the meeting.
The 23-year-old said the win over Sanchez, his second in a row after the senior Spaniard won their first five games, was due to form only.
Arafat to quit Tunisia Monday: sources  TUNIS, July 8 (AFP)  PLO leader Yasser Arafat will leave Tunisia for the last time Monday after 12 years in exile here, informed Tunisian sources said Friday.
Picture     ADEN, Yemen:   Northern Yemeni troops distribute food                    and water in Aden and guard key buildings                    as life begins to return to normal                    after weeks of bitter fighting.
                   Yemen,new series                    600 words moved     DJIBOUTI:      Defiant Yemeni separatist leaders who                    fled here fly to Saudi Arabia after refusing to                    concede defeat in their two-month war.
                   Yemen-resistance,lead                    changing dateline                    500 words moved     HEBRON,     West Bank:     Jewish settlers go on the rampage                    in the occupied West Bank, attacking                    Palestinian cars and homes after                    two Israelis are killed by gunmen.
which will continue tomorrow (Saturday)," said a joint statement released after seven hours of closed-door talks in Pyongyang's leafy, lakeside mission here between a dozen officials from both countries.
That pledge led to Friday's resumption of direct dialogue between Washington and Pyongyang after a year-long suspension of talks, and to an accord to hold the first-ever all-Korean summit on July 25-27.
BCCI executive pleads guilty to bank fraud  WASHINGTON, July 8 (AFP)  A Pakistani banker pleaded guilty Friday to US bank fraud charges in the Bank of Credit and Commerce International (BCCI) scandal, three years after the bank was seized due to illegal activity.
reopens (GENEVA) It was after Pyongyang's threat to quit the NPT, which comes up for renewal next year, that the two sides sat down for talks in New York and Geneva in June and July last year.
(SAN FRANCISCO) Nothing exemplified that more than when he laid on a defence-splitting ball for Ilie Dumitrescu to put Romania back in front after Argentina had equalised.
He can see things most players can't," admitted Svensson after watching the Romanian victory over Argentina on video.
Hagi is now a man on a mission, determined to improve on Romania's World Cup performance in Italy when they went out to Ireland in a penalty shoot-out after reaching the last 16.
On the bond market, the average interest rate on the bellwether 30-year Treasury bond jumped to 7.69 percent from 7.60 percent amid fears of inflation heating up after the Labor Department announced the jobless rate was unchanged at six percent in June with 369,000 new jobs were created.
Alcoa jumped 3-5/8 to 78-7/8 after reporting a surge in second-quarter earnings, Procter and Gamble 1 to 55-3/8 and Chrysler 1-3/8 to 105-3/4.
French government spokesman Jean Musitelli quoted Mitterrand as telling Japanese premier Tomiichi Murayama ahead of the summit which got under way late Friday that it was time for a pause after the Uruguay Round, which was signed in April.
(picture) Prosecution rests in preliminary hearing in O.J. Simpson case  LOS ANGELES, July 8 (AFP)  The prosecution rested its case in the preliminary hearing in the murder case against O.J. Simpsom after a police expert testified that blood found at the crime scene matched the genetic type of the ex- football star.
I've no energy and I can't explain it," the 33-year-old said after dropping out on the sixth stage nine minutes behind the Italian leader Flavio Vanzella.
Ironically, it was in Rennes that he revived his carreer in 1989 after a shooting accident almost cost him his life.
His contract with GAN, the insurance group who returned to cycling last year after being backers of Raymond Poulidor's team in the 1960s and 70s, runs out at the end of the year.
His GAN teammate held the yellow jersey after the prologue and the first stage but LeMond's faltering future was exposed on the first team time-trial when Boardman had to wait for the American to catch up.
Dollar lower after Clinton comments  NEW YORK, July 8 (AFP)  The dollar fell against the major currencies Friday after President Bill Clinton's comments that the dollar would be supported by the underlying strength of the US economy.
The official northern Yemeni news agency SABA said Saleh spelt out to UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali commitments Sanaa was prepared to make to cement peace, a day after the southern stronghold fell.
While the Swiss, seen by many as potential semi-finalists, went home after the second round, the Bulgarians have got better with every match, unfettered by the almost constant presence of their wives and girlfriends.
Northern Yemeni forces destroy Aden's brewery  ADEN, Yemen, July 8 (AFP)  Northern Yemeni forces on Friday destroyed the Aden brewery, the only one on the Arabian peninsula, one day after seizing this southern metropolis.
No change on Haiti policy says Clinton, after Panama volte-face  NAPLES, Italy, July 8 (AFP)  US President Bill Clinton said Friday that his administration's policy of tough sanctions against Haiti would not change despite Panama's decision to renege on an earlier pledge to take in 10,000 Haitian refugees.
The judge made the ruling after the defense and prosecution wrapped up their arguments in the preliminary hearing.
The judge made the ruling after the defense and prosecution wrapped up their arguments in the preliminary hearing.
(new series) Judge orders Simpson to stand trial in double killings  LOS ANGELES, July 8 (AFP)  A judge ruled Friday that O.J. Simpson must stand trial for murder in the deaths of his ex-wife and her friend after a six-day preliminary hearing that became an unusual nationally broadcast mini-trial.
The prosecution rested its case after expert testimony, including from a police specialist who said blood found at the crime scene matched the genetic type of the ex-football star.
The Fed stayed put even after Friday's jobs figures showed unemployment unchanged at six percent in June, signalling continued expansion of the economy and a greater potential for inflation.
Paul Mastroddi of J.P. Morgan said he expected short-term rates to be raised at the end of July after Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan makes his semi-annual report to Congress.
"These findings confirm our view that imports from Canada are reducing prices for US producers and increasing budget costs of the wheat program," Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy said after the ruling was issued.
PGA rookie Glen Day remained second after a 68 Friday, but he was the only golfer within five strokes of the lead.
Japanese PM to spend night in Naples hospital  NAPLES, Italy, July 9 (AFP)  Japan's Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama was hospitalized overnight after suffering from dehydration and intestinal problems during a working dinner of G7 leaders here, a Japanese government spokesman said.
    WILLIAMSBURG, Virginia, July 8 (AFP) - Results here Friday after the  second round of the 1.1 million-dollar PGA Busch Classic (USA unless noted):     129 - Bob Lohr 61-68     132 - Glen Day 64-68     134 - John Wilson 64-70     135 - Tom Purtzer 66-69     136 - Ronnie Black 67-69, Justin Leonard 67-69, Ken Green 67-69, Steve  Stricker 68-68, Mark McCumber 67-69     137 - Joe Ozaki (Japan) 66-71, Steve Lamontagne 68-69     ...
TOLEDO, Ohio, July 8 (AFP)  Results here Friday after the first round of the 500,000-dollar LPGA Toledo Classic (USA unless stated): 66 - Lauri Merten, Tammie Green, Amy Alcott 67 - Meg Mallon 68 - Kim Williams, Kris Tschetter, Susie Redman, Deb Richard, Nancy Lopez, Barb Mucha, Carolyn Hill, Rosie Jones ...
LPGA gunshot victim stays near lead  TOLEDO, Ohio, July 8 (AFP)  Kim Williams, frustrated about losing a chance for victory when she suffered a gunshot wound last Saturday, was a contender here Friday after one round of the 500,000-dollar LPGA Toledo Classic.
    WILLIAMSBURG, Virginia, July 8 (AFP) - Results here Friday after the  second round of the 1.1 million-dollar PGA Busch Classic (USA unless stated):     129 - Bob Lohr 61-68     132 - Glen Day 64-68     134 - John Wilson 64-70     135 - Tom Purtzer 66-69     136 - Ronnie Black 67-69, Justin Leonard 67-69, Ken Green 67-69, Steve  Stricker 68-68, Mark McCumber 67-69     137 - Joe Ozaki (Japan) 66-71, Steve Lamontagne 68-69     ........
TOLEDO, Ohio, July 8 (AFP)  Results here Friday after the first round of the 500,000-dollar LPGA Toledo Classic (USA unless noted): 66 - Lauri Merten, Tammie Green, Amy Alcott 67 - Meg Mallon 68 - Kim Williams, Kris Tschetter, Susie Redman, Deb Richard, Nancy Lopez, Barb Mucha, Carolyn Hill, Rosie Jones ...
In June, the Telegraph dropped its week-day cover price from 48 pence to 30 pence to match that of its chief rival the Times, after sales figures for the Telegraph sank below the symbolic one million mark in April and May.
LPGA gunshot victim stays near lead  TOLEDO, Ohio, July 8 (AFP)  Kim Williams, frustrated about losing a chance for victory when she suffered a gunshot wound last Saturday, was a contender here Friday after the first round of the 500,000-dollar LPGA Toledo Classic.
PEOPLE IN FOCUS Ali Abdallah Saleh proud military leader of Yemen DUBAI, July 9 (AFP) - President Ali Abdallah Saleh, who emerged victorious this week after two months of war against southern Yemeni separatists, is a pragmatic career soldier who became Yemeni head of state after unification in May 1990.
He joined the army in his youth after a limited education, but quickly impressed his superiors with his leadership qualities.
Saleh joined a four-member provisional presidential council in Sanaa set up after Ghashmi was killed by a suitcase bomb delivered by a southern envoy on June 24, 1978.
The US satellite was deployed some 20 minutes after liftoff, with the Japanese satellite deployed five minutes later, officials at the European space center near Paris said.
The latest hitch came when Ernesto Samper, the winner of the June 19 presidential elections, was accused of accepting campaign funds from the Cali drug cartel after a taped telephone call allegedly between drug lords and campaign workers was turned over to authorities.
The United States withdrew some of its personnel from the liaison office June 25, citing security concerns, several months after terminated a UN-authorized relief mission in African country ravaged by famine and ethnic warfare.
Such was the case after the historic decision by the synod to endorse the ordination of women.
The synod comes after the Prince of Wales, in a television interview broadcast in late June, revived the debate on the links between the church and the monarchy.
The official northern Yemeni  news agency SABA said Saleh described to UN Secretary General Boutros  Boutros-Ghali commitments Sanaa was prepared to make to cement peace, a day  after the southern stronghold fell.
(AFP)     LOS ANGELES: A judge ruled that O.J. Simpson must stand trial for murder  in the deaths of his ex-wife and her friend after a six-day preliminary  hearing that became an unusual nationally broadcast mini-trial.
Judge Kathleen  Kennedy-Powell ordered the former football star to be held without bail and  set arraignment for July 22 after ruling there was "ample evidence" against  him in the double slaying.
The radios continually repeated the phrase after a special noon broadcast, urging North Koreans to remain calm and to fulfill Kim's revolutionary struggles.
Murayama, 70, was hospitalized late Friday after suffering from dehydration and intestinal trouble during a working dinner of G7 leaders in Naples.
The radios continually repeated the phrase after a special noon broacast which announced the death, urging North Koreans to remain calm and to fulfill the goals of Kim's revolutionary struggle.
Kim became "a skillful master of North Korea, with decades of political maneuvering interspersed with bloody purges" after being installed by Soviet occupation authorities, said Kim Chang-Soon, chief director of the South Korea's state-financed Institute of North Korean Studies.
The personality cult, which started in mid-1950s after Kim was stunned by the denunciation of Stalin in the Soviet Union, has since spread to his son and heir apparent, Kim Jong-Il, and other relatives.
But critics here dismiss the Juche ideology, which took form when Kim started purging one political rival after another after the 1950-53 Korean War, as a means to prolong his grip on power.
An Iranian, Shamsodin Hoseini, 45, a native of Teheran, was also brought in for questioning in relation to the Abu Sayyaf group on Tuesday and then later held after he was found to have an expired visa and passport.
The European parliament, which was supposed to debate the issue as from July 19, would then have to put back that debate until it reconvenes after the summer recess.
One European diplomat believes the European Union will only reach unanimity after cutting out a whole swathe of potential candidates and agreeing on someone well down the list of choices available.
State Funeral Committee communique on Kim Il-Sung's funeral  SEOUL, July 9 (AFP)  North Korea's State Funeral Committee, formed after the death of North Korean President Kim Il-Sung, issued the following communique, carried by the Korea Central News Agency monitored here and in Tokyo Saturday.
All Blacks win first Test against Springboks  DUNEDIN, New Zealand, July 9 (AFP)  The New Zealand All Blacks, desperate to win a Test after being defeated twice by France, beat South Africa 22-14 in the first of three internationals at Carisbrook here Saturday.
All Black lock Ian Jones went off with a broken bone in his face and South African prop Balie Swart left the field groggy after a ruck.
The Springboks scored the first try of the match early in the second half when flanker Rudolph Straeuli crossed the line after fullback Andre Joubert cut through the All Black defence.
New Zealand's try came through veteran wing John Kirwan, breaking through after sustained forward pressure.
Immediately after hearing the news of the North Korean leader's death, South Korean President Kim Young-Sam convened an urgent security council meeting and ordered all troops to prepare for an emergency.
The pudgy and bespectacled Kim, 51, has been built up by official mythmakers into a hero of legendary proportions as he quietly assumed day-to-day affairs of state from his father, Kim Il-Sung, ruler of the Stalinist North after the regime was founded in 1948.
The talks resumed Friday after a year-long interruption.
Immediately after hearing the shock news of the North Korean leader's death, South Korean President Kim Young-Sam convened an urgent security council meeting and ordered all troops to prepare for an emergency.
Murayama, 70, was hospitalized late Friday after suffering from dehydration and intestinal trouble during a working dinner of G7 leaders.
Murayama, 70, was hospitalized late Friday after suffering from dehydration and intestinal trouble during a working dinner of G7 leaders.
His troubles were blamed on the heat wave, fatigue after a long trip, a packed schedule and a change in diet.
URGENT  GENEVA, July 9 (AFP)  North Korea decided to postpone its nuclear talks with the United States that opened here Friday after the unexpected death Friday of North Korean President Kim Il-Sung, a spokesman for the North Korean delegation said Saturday.
Kipgen said there had been some speculation within the diplomatic corps that Kim's health might have worsened after he dropped out of sight for a month following his birthday on April 15.
Kim Il-Sung, the world's longest-ruling leader, took over North Korea after Japanese occupation troops left the Korean penuinsula after their defeat in World War II.
The talks resumed Friday after a year-long interruption.
North Korea postpones Geneva nuclear talks  GENEVA, July 9 (AFP)  North Korea decided to postpone its nuclear talks with the United States after the unexpected death Friday of North Korean President Kim Il-Sung, a spokesman for the North Korean delegation said Saturday.
The two sides had resumed talks Friday after a year-long interruption.
He launched the 1950-53 Korean war, after which he followed a policy of fanatic isolationism, masking himself behind a massive personality cult.
Returns to Pyongyang after Japanese defeat and retreat from the Korean peninsula.
North Korean radio broadcasts mixed revolutionary music and songs praising Kim Jong-Il immediately after the shock announcement of the elder Kim's death was made, officials here said.
Other analysts noted that the Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) -- the North's main propaganda outlet -- remained silent on Kim Jong-Il Saturday, even though the announcement of the elder Kim's death came a day after he died.
Former US president Jimmy Carter, visiting Japan after brokering a planned summit between North and South Korea later this month, also expressed his regrets over the "unexpected death."
A manager of a large European firm, who recently visited Pyongyang, said severe electricity shortages plunged the whole showcase capital city into darkness after sunset, apart from diplomatic and hotel districts.
G7 countries resume second day of talks  NAPLES, Italy, July 9 (AFP)  Heads of state and government from the world leading industrialized nations went into their second day of talks at the G7 summit here Saturday without Japanese Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama, who was still in hospital after being taken ill Friday night.
Japanese spokesmen said Murayama, 70, was in "satisfactory" condition Satuday after suffering dehydration and intestinal trouble during a G7 working dinner and was hospitalized in a Naples clinic.
reopens (SEOUL) Yonhap news agency said the combined United States and South Korean armed forces had convened their Crisis Action Team immediately after the announcement of Kim's death.
(changing dateline) US says situation "normal" in North Korea after Kim death  GENEVA, July 9 (AFP)  The United States believes the North Korean situation in the hours following the death of President Kim Il-Sung "is normal and stable", a senior official from Washington said on Saturday.
The US comment came after foreign embassy officials were quoted as saying that the North Korean capital was quiet Saturday despite individual shows of mourning by Pyongyang residents.
North Korea postpones Geneva nuclear talks  GENEVA, July 9 (AFP)  North Korea decided to postpone its nuclear talks with the United States after the unexpected death Friday of North Korean President Kim Il-Sung, a spokesman for the North Korean delegation said Saturday.
The two sides had resumed talks Friday after a year-long interruption.
The US comment came after foreign embassy officials were quoted as saying that the North Korean capital was quiet Saturday despite individual shows of mourning by Pyongyang residents.
Talks that began on Friday and were due to have resumed on Saturday morning were temporarily called off after the paramount leader's death.
Former US president Jimmy Carter, visiting Japan after brokering the planned inter-Korean summit later this month, also expressed his regrets over the "unexpected death."
US AIDS policy coordinator resigns  WASHINGTON, July 9 (AFP)  The US official in charge of coordinating policy on AIDS, Kristine Gebbie, who has been the target of numerous attacks, announced her resignation on Friday, a year after taking up the job.
He made the comments hours after North Korea announced on its official radio that "Great Leader" Kim Il-Sung died of a heart attack on Friday at the age of 82.
UN refugee officials have described the humanitarian situation in Rwanda as desperate with thousands facing starvation after the three months of war and ethnic massacres that has left up to half a million people dead.
Settlers went on the rampage in the occupied West Bank Friday, attacking Palestinian cars and homes after the deaths of Frige and an Israeli soldier Thursday.
                   Korea-reax,lead                    650 words around 1200 GMT     GENEVA:        Washington's latest bid to end the Korean                    nuclear impasse through US-North Korean dialogue                    are temporarily suspended after a first hopeful                    session due to President Kim Il-Sung's death, but                    both sides initially appear keen to return to the                    table as soon as possible.
                   Rwanda-France,lead                    500 words around 1100 GMT                    by Herve Jegouzo     SANAA:         Northern Yemeni authorities launch                    a diplomatic drive to prevent southern                    separatists waging an armed struggle from                    neighbouring countries after the                    fall of Aden.
He would have also hosted a historic summit with South Korean President Kim Young-Sam in Pyongyang July 25-27 after 49 years of Cold War division which has been worsened by tension arising from the North's suspected nuclear program.
The official said after the seven leaders' morning session the president withdrew his proposal following "words of caution" from several heads of state or government.
US-N.Korea suspend high-level talks after leader's death by Claire Rosemberg  GENEVA, July 8 (AFP)  Washington's latest bid to end the Korean nuclear impasse through US- North Korea dialogue were temporarily suspended Saturday due to paramount leader President Kim Il-Sung's death, after a first hopeful session.
In a joint statement issued after Friday's seven-hour session the two sides said they had "discussed the full range of issues outstanding between us, including the nuclear issue.
Boris Yeltsin, in a statement sent "deep condolences after the death of President Kim-Il-Sung, who led North Korea for many years."
Earlier this spring, Senators Sam Nunn, head of the Armed Services Committee, and Richard Lugar were forced to cancel a trip to North Korea after Pyongyang authorities refused to meet with them.
The official said after the morning session of the summit of Group of Seven heads of state or government that the president withdrew his proposal following "words of caution" from several heads of state or government.
Yeltsin was to hold bilateral talks with Italian and British leaders shortly after his arrival here on Saturday afternoon as a prelude to full participation in the next day's talks on political issues.
UN talks on Bosnia ceasefire continue, truce period ends by Francis Curta  SARAJEVO, July 9 (AFP)  UN-mediated talks on renewing the ceasefire in Bosnia continued Saturday after the month-long truce ran out at noon (1000 GMT), as both of the warring sides were reported to favour an extension.
In Belgrade, the news agency Tanjug quoted Akashi as saying after the Pale talks that the Bosnian Serbs favoured extending the truce for a month.
The seven finance ministers held extensive discussions on the latest market developments during a working dinner Friday after the dollar hit new lows this week against the yen and the Deutsche mark.
British Treasury officials said after the ministers resumed talks Saturday that "everybody agreed the economic fundamentals are right or becoming right, with inflation low or falling, and public deficits coming down."
Sanaa launches drive to stop separatists waging war from abroad by Abderrahman Haidari  SANAA, July 9 (AFP)  The northern Yemeni authorities have launched a diplomatic drive to prevent southern separatists waging an armed struggle from neighbouring countries after the fall of Aden.
A group of 30 separatist leaders and their families flew to Saudi Arabia from Djibouti on Friday after refusing to concede defeat in the war.
Clinton wrote to his G-7 colleagues just ahead of the summit urging a new drive to break down trade barriers which were left standing after the Uruguay Round negotiations.
Question marks hang big over North Korea: analyst by Robert MacPherson  HONG KONG, July 9 (AFP)  North Korea's leadership change is likely to pass off smoothly in the short term after the death of President Kim Il-Sung, but what happens later is anyone's guess, a member of London's prestigious International Institute for Strategic Studies said Saturday.
Bearman expected that at the very least, they will be put off until after Kim's funeral on July 17, "and maybe for a little while after that."
believe Kim Il-Sung just died," the South's presidential spokesman Choo Don-shik said after an urgent national security council meeting.
They also noted that announcement of Kim's death some 34 hours after he had died, indicated that the power transfer had been completed during that time.
French officials have said the military situation has "stabilized" in Rwanda this week and that there were encouraging signs for a ceasefire, after three months of war and ethnic bloodletting that has killed up to half a million and displaced an estimated two million others.
UN refugee officials have described the humanitarian situation in Rwanda as desperate with thousands facing starvation after the three months of war and ethnic massacres that has left up to half a million people dead.
In January Arafat paid his first visit to Saudi Arabia after the 1991 Gulf war, patching up relations which were soured by the PLO's allegedly pro-Iraqi position in the conflict.
Saudi Arabia suspended annual aid worth 85.5 million dollars to the Palestine Liberation Organisation after the August 1990 Iraqi invasion of Kuwait.
The 29-year-old, whose world ranking has already improved to 213 after 14 months away for surgery, beat Russian sixth seed Yevgeny Kafelnikov 7-5, 6-3.
Springboks look to second test to square series  DUNEDIN, New Zealand, July 9 (AFP)  South Africa were left rueing their mistakes here on Saturday after losing the first of three rugby tests against the New Zealand All Blacks 22-14.
All Black coach Laurie Mains, grateful that his team had won a test after two defeats by France, said his side had played with intelligence.
"I think the All Blacks played well and the South Africans had their chances too," he said after the match.
Northern forces loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh captured Aden Thursday after two months of civil war.
Baid fled to Oman after Mukalla, 700 kilometres (434 miles) further east, was captured earlier in the week.
World leaders call for stability after death of Kim Il-Sung  UNDATED, July 9 (AFP)  World leaders offered formal condolences on Saturday on the death of North Korean President Kim Il-Sung and called for calm and stability on the Korean peninsula.
The South Korean leader said Seoul was fully prepared for any emergency and told his countrymen not to lose their peace of mind after Kim Il-Sung's death early Friday, which Pyongyang announced on Saturday as due to a heart attack.
Women allowed to watch football for first time since revolution  TEHRAN, July 9 (AFP)  Iranian women are to be allowed into stadiums to watch football matches, 15 years after they were banned from attending sports events following the 1979 Islamic revolution, the national football federation announced Saturday.
Women were forbidden from attending public sports events after the revolution as part of moves to segregate the sexes according to Islamic principles.
Scott was found gassed in his car days after Kidger was killed.
The 70-year-old prime minister was hospitalized late Friday after suffering from dehydration and intestinal trouble during a working dinner of G7 leaders.
Takemura said the Japanese premier was feeling better and had fallen ill because of the change in diet -- the mix of "olive oil and water"-- coupled with fatigue after a long trip , a hectic schedule and the heat wave.
He was detained last month after proclaiming himself head of state.
He took the race lead in the second official practice session on Saturday, after a battle with Schumacher and Ferrari's Gerhard Berger.
He took the race lead in the second official practice session on Saturday, after a battle with Schumacher and Ferrari's Gerhard Berger.
Russian cosmonauts back on earth after six months in space  MOSCOW, July 9 (AFP)  Russia's Soyuz TM-18 spaceship touched earth in Kazakhstan on Saturday carrying two cosmonauts back from a six-month stay on the Mir orbiting station, ITAR-TASS agency said, Viktor Affanasiev, commander of the mission launched January 8, and engineer Yuri Usachev, landed at 1033 GMT about 100 kilometres from the central city of Arkalik.
He was to hold bilateral talks with the Italian and British prime ministers, Silvio Berlusconi and John Major, shortly after his arrival in Naples on Saturday afternoon as a prelude to full participation in the next day's talks on political issues.
Spanish fires under control  MADRID, July 9 (AFP)  Most of the fires that have swept along Spain's Mediterranean coast were under control early Saturday after claiming 20 lives and devastating up to 350,000 acres of countryside.
The 70-year-old premier was hospitalised late Friday after suffering from dehydration and intestinal trouble during a working dinner of G7 leaders.
Takemura said later that Murayama was feeling better, having fallen ill because of the change in diet -- the mix of "olive oil and water"-- coupled with fatigue after a long trip, a hectic schedule and the heat wave.
Time for Jordan to look after own interests: Hussein  BEIRUT, July 9 (AFP)  King Hussein of Jordan said Saturday it was "time for Jordan to look after its own interests" as it prepared for bilateral negotiations with Israel, independent from Syria and Lebanon.
Negotiations between Israel and its Syrian and Lebanese neighbours were indefinitely suspended after the Hebron mosque massacre in February.
The Spaniard, who is looking for a hat-trick of victories in the clay- court tournament, is getting re-acquainted with his favourite surface after a surprise fourth-round performance at Wimbledon.
The 29-year-old Forget has recently seen his world ranking improve to 213 after 14 months away with knee trouble.
(AFP)     HONG KONG: North Korea's leadership change is likely to pass off smoothly  in the short term after the death of President Kim Il-Sung, but what happens  later is anyone's guess, a member of London's prestigious International  Institute for Strategic Studies said.
 (AFP)     GENEVA: Washington's latest bid to end the Korean nuclear impasse through  US-North Korea dialogue was temporarily suspended due to paramount leader  President Kim Il-Sung's death, after a first seven-hour round of talks that  had raised hopes of a settlement.
He was taken to hospital suffering from dehydration and  intestinal problems after attending a working summit dinner and was still on  an intravenous drip at the hospital Saturday morning.
The much-violated truce -- which came into effect on June 10, two days after its signature in Geneva -- is due to expire at noon (1000 GMT) Sunday.
In Belgrade, the news agency Tanjug quoted Akashi as saying after the Pale talks that the Bosnian Serbs favoured extending the truce for a month.
Svorada wins Tour de France seventh stage  FUTUROSCOPE, France, July 9 (AFP)  Slovakian Jan Svorada won the Tour de France 260km seventh stage between Rennes and Futuroscope on Saturday after a mass sprint, beating Uzbekistan's Djamolidine Abdoujaparov and Olaf Ludwig of Germany.
Colin Jackson showed he is right back to his best after a hamstring injury with a runaway win in the sprint hurdles.
Rwanda's warring parties interested in ceasefire: UN envoy  GOMA, Zaire, July 9 (AFP)  Rwanda's two ethnic warring parties appear interested in a ceasefire, the UN special envoy to Rwanda said Saturday after meeting with officials representing the interim government.
"I am under the impression that they want a ceasefire," Shahayar Khan said after his meeting with interim government leaders based in Gisenyi, which sits near the border with Zaire.
Tribal bloodletting erupted in Rwanda on April 6 after president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a rocket attack on his plane.
In a statement released shortly after reports that talks in Geneva between Pyongyang and Washington were being temporarily suspended due to President Kim Il-Sung's death, the International Atomic Energy Agency said the two men would remain in place.
Poli, 31, was 18min 30sec ahead after 115km but the Venetian, 157th overall at the start of the day, saw that lead slowly shrink as Frenchman Laurent Desbiens and Mario Chiesa of Italy broke clear in turn to bring the peleton to life.
With 65km to go, the lead was down to 6mins as Museeuw's team led the pursuit and Poli was eventually swallowed up after around 180km on his own, setting up a mass finish.
It gave no further details, and the former President left later for the United States after a week's visit to Japan.
An international trade embargo was imposed on Iraq after its invasion of Kuwait in August 1990.
33 missing as ferry sinks in central Philippines  CEBU, Philippines, July 9 (AFP)  Thirty-three people were missing Saturday after a ferry sank in the Bohol Strait in the central Philippines, the coast guard said.
Pyongyang imported marble worth 300,000 dollars in February to build a memorial hall modelled after the one enshrining the remains of the late Chinese leader Mao Zedong, South Korea's state-run Korea Broadcasting System (KBS) said.
The "badly mutilated" bodies were recovered by army and air force personnel after a helicopter search of the crash site in rugged, hilly terrain.
The cause of the crash, which occurred some 30 minutes after the plane took off from here, was not known.
The negotiations would focus on "the release of remaining Palestinian prisoners, especially the women and special cases, and the release of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin," Shaath told reporters here after meeting Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Mussa.
PLO chairman Yasser Arafat called on Israel to free all Palestinian prisoners, including Sheikh Yassin, in his first speech after returning to Gaza on July 1.
    GENEVA:         Washington's latest bid to end the Korean                     nuclear impasse through US-North Korea dialogue                     were temporarily suspended Saturday due to                     paramount leader President Kim Il-Sung's death,                     after a first hopeful session.
Berlusconi was speaking after a meeting between the G7 leading industrialized countries which also decided to award Ukraine up to 200 million dollars towards shutting down its controversial Chernobyl nuclear power plant.
Bloody ethnic fighting, which interrupted the Rwandan peace process rubberstamped by the Arusha accord, broke out after April 6, when the president was killed in a suspicious plane crash.
Iprinda said special interior ministry forces dispersed the protesters five minutes after they began to demonstrate and arrested several of them.
Berlusconi was speaking after a meeting between the G7 leading industrialized countries which decided to award Ukraine up to 200 million dollars in grants towards shutting down its controversial Chernobyl nuclear power plant.
In their final statement after a day and a half of talks mainly on economic issues they reconfirmed the growth strategy they agreed in Tokyo a year ago and asked their finance ministers to "cooperate closely to keep recovery on track."
The seven finance ministers held extensive discussions on latest market developments during a working dinner Friday after the dollar hit new lows this week against the Japanese and German currencies.
Berlusconi was speaking after a meeting between the G7 leading industrialized countries which decided to award Ukraine up to 200 million dollars in grants towards shutting down its controversial Chernobyl nuclear power plant.
Floods threaten to swamp Georgia town  WASHINGTON, July 9 (AFP)  Raging rivers were threatening more towns in the southern state of Georgia Saturday after the torrential rains which have killed 23 people.
The flooding was the result of six days of torrential rain that swept over the southern states after Tropical Storm Alberto had made landfall in northern Florida on Sunday from the warm Gulf of Mexico waters.
The talks between US and North Korean negotiators in Geneva were suspended only hours after they began, but US negotiators there expressed optimism that they would be resumed as early as next week.
The United States agreed to the talks last month after Kim promised in a meeting with former US president Jimmy Carter to freeze North Korea's nuclear program and proposed a summit with South Korean leader Kim Young-Sam.
The United States fought a bitter four year war against North Korea after it invaded the south June 25, 1950.
Looting of shops, offices and government buildings, which began when the city fell to northern troops on Thursday died down, after warnings of tough action by authorities.
Life continued to return to normal in Aden after weeks of bitter fighting between northern troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh and the forces of breakaway southern leaders.
Attas added that northern troops had killed Aden's former southern governor Munasser al-Sayily who had decided to stay in the city after its capture.
In their final statement after a day and a half of talks mainly on economic issues they reconfirmed the growth strategy they agreed in Tokyo a year ago and asked their finance ministers to "cooperate closely to keep recovery on track."
The seven finance ministers held extensive discussions on latest market developments during a working dinner Friday after the dollar hit new lows this week against the Japanese and German currencies.
French UN soldiers again blockaded in Bihac  SARAJEVO, July 9 (AFP)  UN soldiers were again blockaded in their camp in the western Bosnian town of Bihac Saturday afternoon, less than a day after Bosnian police lifted an earlier security cordon imposed following fighting there, a UN spokesman said here.
Simpson was bound over for trial in the slashing deaths of Nicole Simpson, 35, and Ronald Goldman, 25, after a Los Angeles judge ruled there was ample evidence to suspect him of the June 12 killings.
President Ion Iliescu has already made it clear that human rights will not be on the agenda for talks with China, which is Romania's second largest export market after Germany.
The delegation to China, headed by Interior Minister Hassan al-Alfi, returned Thursday after a 10-day visit.
King Fahd recently sent Arafat a telegram offering congratulations on the PLO chief's return to the automous Gaza Strip after 27 years of exile.
In January Arafat paid his first visit to Saudi Arabia after the 1991 Gulf war, patching up relations which were soured by the PLO's allegedly pro-Iraqi position in the conflict.
Saudi Arabia suspended annual aid worth 85.5 million dollars to the Palestine Liberation Organisation after the August 1990 Iraqi invasion of Kuwait.
Mason wins Scottish Open  GLENEAGLES, Scotland, July 9 (AFP)  Carl Mason won the Scottish Open by one shot from Peter Mitchell after a closing 68 here on Saturday.
Pagliuca, back after a two-game suspension, said: "This was my chance for revenge and I feel now I've got my satisfaction."
LOS ANGELES, California, July 9 (AFP)  World Cup goalscorers after Italy's 2-1 quarter-final victory over Spain on Saturday.
"I am under the impression that they want a ceasefire," said Shahayar Khan in neighbouring Zaire, after meeting with government officials in Gisenyi.
The interim government was set up after April 6, when the death of the Rwandan president in a suspicious plane interrupted a peace process based on earlier accords and unleashed the ethnic fighting.
G7 leaders hold out hand to E.Europe, lament Kim's death  NAPLES, Italy, July 9 (AFP)  G7 leaders on Saturday signalled their concern to help overcome problems in the former Soviet empire after inviting Russia to sit in for the first time for part of a summit of leading industrialised countries.
Tempers flared at the end of the match and Hungarian referee Sandor Puhl could have sent off one or two players as Luis Enrique screamed for revenge after getting an elbow in the face.
Tears as Mason wins Scottish Open  GLENEAGLES, Scotland, July 9 (AFP)  Carl Mason was in tears here on Saturday after winning the Scottish Open, his second tournament victory this season after a 20-year wait for success.
Mason won by one shot from fellow Englishman Peter Mitchell after a closing 68 gave him a 15 under par total of 265 -- and the 100,000 pound top prize.
Defending champion Jesper Parnevik was third on 267 and Scottish hope Colin Montgomerie came fourth after a birdie-eagle finish.
In fact, he had to sink a six-footer for second place and Mason threw his white cap into the air after two-putting himself.
In a speech reported Saturday by local media, Beshir said the Sanaa administration had triumphed over "a major conspiracy in which Arab powers, in alliance with the enemies of Islam and Moslems, took part to halt the progress Yemen began to achieve after its unity."
He added that the two-month civil war, ended after northern troops entered the southern capital Aden Thursday, had been "part of a plot aimed at stopping the Islamic trend which is speading all over the world."
The city's status is to be discussed by Israel and the PLO after two years of Palestinian self-rule in the Gaza Strip and Jericho, launched on May 4.
Palestinian officers arrested after Gaza prisoner dies  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 9 (AFP)  Three Palestinian security officers were arrested Saturday following the suspicious death of a Palestinian prisoner in a Gaza jail, the Palestinian "justice minister" Freih Abu Meddein said here.
Qatar calls for fresh start in ties with Yemen  DOHA, July 9 (AFP)  Qatar called for a fresh start in its ties with Yemen on Saturday, after it supported northern Yemeni forces and condemned the breakaway southern state during the two-month civil war there.
Southern Yemeni forces declared a breakaway state on May 21, two weeks after fighting erupted.
Hundreds of police and firefighters surrounded the Hotel Plaza San Rafael, where inmates Dilonei Melara and Fernando Dias took refuge after breaking out of the city's Central Prison Friday night.
Melara and Dias were taken to the state prison at Charqueadas immediately after their surrender, police said.
Ravelli to get a soaking  reopens (LOS ANGELES) Win or lose, Swedish keeper Thomas Ravelli will probably get wet on Sunday night after earning his record-equalling 115th cap in the World Cup quarter-finals against Romania.
"Many villagers really need another source of cash after the taro blight," tourism official Teresa Ngau-Chun told AFP this week, and eco-tourism would inject badly needed cash directly into the villages of the Pacific island state.
Bowe has struggled with weight problems since Shilstone's departure in 1993, after Bowe defeated Evander Holyfield for the world crown.
Bowe lost a title rematch with Holyfield after Shilstone departed.
Speaking after a statement by G7 leaders here promising to help Moscow join world trade agreements, Shokhin said the former Soviet Union had been an important creditor nation, lending 150 billion dollars to Third World countries.
Russian President Boris Yeltsin arrived in Naples Saturday after saying Moscow expected to become a fully fledged member of an eight- nation club soon, adding that he would be attending the summit as a "partner" rather than as a supplicant.
Yeltsin was to hold bilateral talks with Italian and British leaders shortly after his arrival here on Saturday afternoon as a prelude to full participation in the next day's talks on political issues.
The current series was formed in 1979 after team owners became unhappy with the US Auto Club, which seeks to regain the control it owns only at the Indy 500 by starting the new series.
(new series) Japanese PM leaves hospital "cured"  NAPLES, Italy, July 9 (AFP)  Japanese Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama left hospital late Saturday, a day after being admitted with severe intestinal pains suffered during a G7 summit dinner, Japanese officials said.
The breakaway south's "prime minister," Haidar Abu Bakr al-Attas, told the Kuwaiti news agency KUNA earlier Saturday that Sayili, who chose to stay in the port city after its capture by northern troops on Thursday, had been arrested and killed by northern troops.
(new series) North Korea after Kim like Russia after Stalin: Kremlin  NAPLES, Italy, July 9 (AFP)  The death of North Korea's all-powerful President Kim-Il-Sung will have a huge impact on the country comparable to Russia's fate after the death of Stalin, a Kremlin spokesman said Saturday.
Changes after the death of such "imposing" leaders "always has an influence on the politics and even the mentality of a nation.
Russia experienced this after the death of (the Soviet dictator) Stalin" in 1953, he added.
Brazil's best chance came after 15 minutes when Dunga flighted a long ball wide to Bebeto on the right.
A Bebeto free kick from the left after Aron Winter brought down Branco, in for the banned Leornado, found Romario but his header was tipped away for a corner.
    GENEVA:         Washington's latest bid to end the Korean                     nuclear impasse through US-North Korea dialogue                     were temporarily suspended Saturday due to                     paramount leader President Kim Il-Sung's death,                     after a first hopeful session.
Tracy, the defending champion here, did not speak to reporters after qualifying ended.
Left-back Branco, recalled for the suspended Leonardo, smashed in a 30-metre free-kick to make it 3-2 10 minutes from time after Holland had pulled back a two-goal deficit.
Left-back Branco, recalled for the suspended Leonardo, smashed in a 30-metre free-kick winner 10 minutes from time after Holland had pulled back a two-goal deficit.
It was exactly the start Brazil wanted after a listless opening 45 minutes that saw both teams struggle to try and put anything together.
Four minutes after Romario's goal Bebeto nearly made it two when he cut into the box on the right but his shot, which had De Goey well beaten, caught the far post and went out for a goal-kick.
LOS ANGELES, California, July 9 (AFP)  World Cup goalscorers after Saturday's matches.
McCumber takes lead after Lohr fades  WILLIAMSBURG, Virginia, July 9 (AFP)  Mark McCumber survived an error of carelessness and a missed par putt on the final hole to take the lead after three rounds of the 1.1 million-dollar PGA Busch Classic here Saturday.
Lohr opened with a course record 61 and kept a three-stroke lead after round two, but double-bogeyed the final hole to fall out of the lead with a round of 73.
Left-back Branco, recalled for the suspended Leonardo, smashed in a 30-metre free-kick winner 10 minutes from time after Holland had pulled back a two-goal deficit.
It was exactly the start Brazil wanted after a listless opening 45 minutes that saw both teams struggle to try and put anything together.
Four minutes after Romario's goal Bebeto nearly made it two when he cut into the box on the right but his shot, which had De Goey well beaten, caught the far post and went out for a goal-kick.
Weary after the exhausting battle with Nigeria and dispirited by Spain's equaliser and domination late in the game, the Italians looked certain to succumb if it went to extra-time.
But Spanish legs, fresher from their three extra days rest after their second round win over Switzerland, wilted first and Nicola Berti suddenly found himself in lots of space in the centre circle.
"You could say we have been lucky in this tournament but I believe you make your own luck," coach Arrigo Sacchi said after yet another agonising match for him on the touchline.
It was Dino who rose majestically above the Norway defence to head ten-man Italy's winner after Pagliuca had been sent off.
"These talks remind me a lot of the talks leading up to the strike of 1981," said Fehr, comparing them to negotiations that were completed only after a lengthy walkout.
If we go on strike, it will be for the guys who come after me."
Today we held on after losing a 2-0 lead.
Nobody claimed responsibility for the killing while Hebron remained Saturday under a curfew imposed after the murder.
reopens (DALLAS) Dutch coach Dick Advocaat said: "We were disappointed after the game, being 2-0 down and coming back 2-2.
Left-back Branco, recalled for the suspended Leonardo, smashed in a 30-metre free-kick winner 10 minutes from time after Holland had pulled back a two-goal deficit.
It was exactly the start Brazil wanted after a listless opening 45 minutes that saw both teams struggle to try and put anything together.
Four minutes after Romario's goal Bebeto nearly made it two when he cut into the box on the right but his shot, which had De Goey well beaten, caught the far post and went out for a goal-kick.
To come back after being two goals down and then lose is very hard to take," said Advocaat.
    TOLEDO, Ohio, July 9 (AFP) - Results here Saturday after the second round  of the 500,000-dollar LPGA Toledo Classic (USA unless noted):     137 - Sherri Turner 69-68, Meg Mallon 67-70, Lauri Merten 66-71, Tammie  Green 66-71     138 - Caroline Pierce (England) 70-68, Amy Alcott 66-72, Deb Richard 68-70     139 - Lori West 69-70, Penny Hammel 70-69, Dottie Mochrie 69-70, Kris  Tschetter 68-71, Kelly Robbins 69-70     140 - Jenny Lidback (Peru) 70-70, Kim Williams 68-72, Rosie Jones 68-72,  Julie Larsen 69-71, Tina Barrett 72-68, Jane Geddes 70-70     ...
The latter group included Kim Williams, who one wek after suffering a gunshot wound fired a one-over par 72 to stand at 140.
Dennis Bergkamp and Aron Winter, from set-piece situations, pulled Holland level after Romario and Bebeto, who have now scored seven of Brazil's 10 goals, put the South Americans ahead.
Baggio struck after substitute Julio Salinas made the miss of the match when he shot against Italian goalkeeper Gianluca Pagliuca's legs.
BBC South Asia correspondent resigns  LONDON, July 10 (AFP)  Mark Tully, the BBC's South Asia correspondent who has openly criticised the BBC under director general John Birt, announced his resignation on Saturday after working for the Corporation for 30 years.
Koeman, who took over as team captain after piqued Gullit's late withdrawal from the Dutch team, is 31, Rijkaard will be 32 in September and Wouters is 34 on the day of the Rose Bowl final.
Midfielder Rob Witschge was pulling few punches when he said after the game: "Being tied 2-2 we could have won, but the free kick killed us.
Advocaat, who retained the national job after first choice Johan Cruyff backed out over money, dismissed claims that Cruyff would have made any difference to Saturday's outcome.
The agency also reported that Radio Pyongyang resumed broadcasting at 5:00 a.m. (2000 GMT) Sunday after a midnight break with a slogan, "Long Live the Great Leader Comrade Kim Il-Sung.
The date for the runoff vote will be three weeks after the official publication of the first ballot results by the supreme court.
Floods sweep through Georgia town, 24 dead  WASHINGTON, July 9 (AFP)  Raging rivers threatened more towns in the southern state of Georgia Saturday after torrential rains from Tropical Storm Alberto caused devastating flooding that has left 24 people dead.
Six days of torrential rains swept over southern states after Alberto made landfall in northern Florida on Sunday.
World leaders hope North Korea will continue talks despite Kim's death by Kate Webb  SEOUL, July 10 (AFP)  World leaders Sunday voiced hope that reclusive North Korea would continue talks on its suspect nuclear program after the death of its all-powerful leader Kim Il-Sung threw the future of the negotiations in doubt.
Clinton added that he had also received "hopeful" information that the North might -- after Kim Il-Sung's funeral July 17 -- also try to go ahead with the summit.
In another small sign that no radical policy change had yet taken place in the brief two days after Kim's death, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said its inspectors were still in place in North Korea, where Kim had frozen the country's controversial nuclear program for the duration of the Geneva talks.
Announcements from Radio Pyongyang, which flashed the bulletin of Kim's death at midday Saturday, 34 hours after he succumbed to a heart attack, left the crucial question of Kim Jong-Il's succession to the leadership vague.
South Korean President Kim Young-Sam put his armed forces on full alert in the uncertainty after the announcement and sent a clear message to the North that Seoul, which lies less than 60 miles from the heavily fortified demilitarized zone, would in no way try to take advantage of the situation.
(AFP)     NAPLES, Italy: Japanese Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama left hospital  late Saturday, a day after being admitted with severe intestinal pains  suffered during a G7 summit dinner, Japanese officials said.
The two sides are to meet here on July 18 to resolve the dispute, after signing a detailed agenda on June 7 in Washington agreeing to set up a border commission.
(NPC), told AFP in an interview here that new projects had been put on hold after New Delhi held back funding, citing a cash crunch.
Two reactors are being built in the desert state of Rajasthan and two in Kaiga in the southern state of Karnataka with a combined capacity of 880 megawatts after they are commissioned in 1997, he said.
Qian, speaking after a plenary session of the preparatory committee ended, reiterated Beijing's stand that Hong Kong should gradually develop a democratic political system in line with its specific conditions.
China, which was a founding member of GATT but withdrew from the body after the communists came to power in 1949, has made clear it attaches great political significance to its 1986 application to rejoin being accepted in time for it to be inducted into the World Trade Organisation (WTO).
The release of the initial tranche came less than a month after the IMF approved a new economic program for Manila on June 24, paving the way for the news loans and the rescheduling talks for debts falling due this year to bilateral creditors.
Philippine officials have expressed hope that the EFF would be an exit program, after which the country would no longer be under IMF supervision.
Japan decides against security meeting on Kim's death  TOKYO, July 10 (AFP)  Senior Japanese officials said Sunday they were not worried about the situation in North Korea after President Kim Il-Sung's unexpected death and decided against holding security meetings to avoid provoking Pyongyang.
Qian, speaking after a plenary session of the preparatory committee ended, reiterated Beijing's stand that Hong Kong should gradually develop a democratic political system in line with its specific conditions.
The procession to the statue at the Korean Revolutionary Museum began as a trickle a few hours after the announcement Saturday of Kim's death and quickly grew into a flood of distraught mourners queuing up to lay flowers at the president's gold-painted bronze feet, a foreign resident said by telephone.
Nevertheless, he said that on the capital's streets themselves the "initial emotional outburst" of residents after hearing the news of Kim's death had passed Sunday.
Government calm, but many in Japan fear instability after Kim  TOKYO, July 10 (AFP)  As Japanese officials decided Sunday against holding security meetings to avoid provoking Pyongyang, others in Japan expressed concern that the unexpected death of North Korean President Kim Il-Sung could destabilize the region.
Eubank courts controversy again  LONDON, July 9 (AFP)  Chris Eubank was involved in another controversy here on Saturday after outpointing Brazilian Mauricio Amaral.
King Fahd holds talks with Arafat  JEDDAH, Saudi Arabia, July 10 (AFP)  King Fahd of Saudi Arabia held talks with Yasser Arafat here overnight Saturday after the PLO chairman arrived for a brief visit, the official Saudi news agency SPA reported.
King Fahd recently congratulated Arafat on his triumphant return to the autonomous Gaza Strip after 27 years of exile.
In January Arafat paid his first visit to Saudi Arabia after the 1991 Gulf war, patching up relations which were soured by the PLO's allegedly pro-Iraqi stance in the conflict.
Saudi Arabia suspended annual aid worth 85.5 million dollars to the PLO after the August 1990 Iraqi invasion of Kuwait.
Japanese Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama, who missed Saturday's discussions after falling ill with intestinal troubles, was "fully restored" and was to take part in all Sunday's discussions, a Japanese delegation member said.
The statement was a reflection of the conviction of the church and much of Australia's white society that it has left the remnants of Aboriginal society impoverished after two centuries of ill-treatment and neglect.
Iran offers to send humanitarian aid to Yemen  TEHRAN, July 10 (AFP)  Iran offered on Sunday to send humanitarian aid to Yemen and urged other Islamic countries to help rebuild the country after its two- month civil war.
It was welcomed back on June 1 after historic all-race elections in April ended three centuries of white minority rule and brought President Nelson Mandela's African National Congress to power.
Announcing his resignation Tully said it was no longer possible for him to work for the BBC after management refused to let him air his views on changes introduced in the corporation under Birt.
Islamic fundamentalists launched an insurgency against Algeria's secular authorities in January 1992 after the cancellation of the second round of election the then-legal FIS was poised to win.
He spoke two days after seven Italian sailors were killed in the Algerian port of Djendjen by suspected fundamentalists as part of a splinter campaign to force foreigners to leave the country.
Korea openness after Kim  KUALA LUMPUR, July 10 (AFP)  Malaysian Premier Mahathir Mohamad said Sunday he hoped North Korea would adopt an open policy and become a "responsible member" of the international community following the death of President Kim Il-Sung.
Nepal PM could resign after losing key vote  KATHMANDU, July 10 (AFP)  Nepalese Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala's hold on power was under threat Sunday after he lost the parliamentary debate on his government's annual programme.
The shock announcement of Kim's death Saturday, 34 hours after he succumbed to a heart attack, carried no accompanying statement on succession.
Major Antar Ahmed Abdel Hafez, 34, was relaxing on his porch when four gunmen opened fire with Kalashnikov assault rifles shortly after midnight, witnesses said.
Nepal prime minister loses key vote  KATHMANDU, July 10 (AFP)  Nepal Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koiral was under threat Sunday after losing the parliamentary debate on his government's annual programme.
                    G7-summit, new series at around 1230 GMT                     by Graham Brown                     We shall also be moving the main points of                     the political declaration under the slug                     G7-text     SEOUL:          Fears of security risks after Kim Il-Sung's                     death abate as the powerful North Korean army                     goes into mourning and Pyongyang indicates it                     is getting down to the business of naming a new                     leader.
Sunday's vote comes less than four months after the election of a new parliament.
Arafat called on Israel to free all Palestinian prisoners, including Sheikh Ahmed Yassin, leader of the Islamic Resistance Movement HAMAS, in his first speech after his triumphant return to Gaza on July 1.
Sportspaper Corriere della Sporte argued the match marked "the resurection of Sacchi" after the press had roundly condemned him and his tactics throughout the tournament, while rival publication Gazetta dello sport concentrated on the "dynamite" and "magic" of goal-heros Dino and Roberto Baggio.
Before his death on Friday, former North Korean President Kim Il-Sung held the double posts of president and general secretary after transferring other key posts such as generalissimo and chairmanship of the Central Military Commission to his son and heir-apparent, Jong-Il. THE HIERARCHY: KIM JONG-IL: Aged 52, ranks as number one in the party.
As a confidant of Kim Il- Sung, O became vice chairman of the National Defense Committee after a mysterious year-long absence from June 1986 to August 1987, was conferred the title "Marshal" in 1992.
China's mobile communications network, already the world's third largest after the United States and Japan in terms of users, is dominated by Motorola Inc.
The official announcement, issued 34 hours after the North Korean leader died, gave a heart attack as the cause.
He pointed out that the United States and North Korea started high-level talks in Geneva as planned, even more than 10 hours after the senior Kim was stated to have died.
But no date was set for the eviction, the officials said after the weekly cabinet meeting.
The army had agreed after several scuffles to allow 15 families to remain until Sunday in the apartments which the housing ministry had kept empty for the past two years as part of a freeze of the spread of settlements.
The law has to be applied in the territories," said Justice Minister David Libai after the cabinet session.
Settlers went on the rampage in the occupied West Bank Friday, attacking Palestinian cars and homes after the death of the girl and an Israeli soldier the same day.
The return of the refugees came six days after the Tutsi-dominated Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) took control of the capital and pledged to allow refugees to return to their homes once the situation there was safe.
Rights groups protest after Palestinian dies in PLO custody  JERUSALEM, July 10 (AFP)  Human rights groups voiced concern and demanded an inquiry Sunday after a young Palestinian suspected of collaborating with Israel died in PLO custody in Gaza City.
Arafat visits holy places after talks with king  JEDDAH, Saudi Arabia, July 10 (AFP)  PLO chairman Yasser Arafat made a minor pilgrimage to the Moslem holy places of Mecca and Medina Sunday, after talks with King Fahd of Saudi Arabia, Palestinian officials said here.
King Fahd recently congratulated Arafat on his triumphant return to the autonomous Gaza Strip after 27 years of exile.
In January Arafat paid his first visit to Saudi Arabia after the 1991 Gulf war, patching up relations which were soured by the PLO's allegedly pro-Iraqi stance in the conflict.
Saudi Arabia suspended annual aid worth 85.5 million dollars to the PLO after the August 1990 Iraqi invasion of Kuwait.
The clash came three days after a Greek soldier was slightly injured during an exchange of gunfire between Greek and Albanian border patrols.
Security fears abate as NKorean army goes into mourning, parliament summoned by Kate Webb  SEOUL, July 10 (AFP)  Security fears on the Korean peninsula after the death of President Kim Il-Sung abated Sunday as the North Korean army went into deep mourning and Pyongyang broadcasts for the first time hailed his son, Kim Jong-Il, as "Great Leader".
South Korea's armed forces were placed on special alert Saturday immediately after the shock announcement that the 82-year-old hardline leader had died of a heart attack Friday, raising fears of a power- struggle.
The Spaniard stopped Forget after losing the first set 6-3.
A winner at Beckenham, he also reached the Wimbledon fourth round after a disastrous 1993 which saw him spend more time on the surgeon's table than on the tennis court.
His win here confirmed his upturn in form after Roland Garros.
Pyongyang silent on reviving summit preparations  SEOUL, July 10 (AFP)  Pyongyang has yet to inform Seoul of any intention to resume talks for an inter-Korean summit, which could be dropped after the death of North Korean President Kim Il-Sung, officials said Sunday.
Auriol replaces injured compatriot Francois Delecour who lost his race to be fit for the event after sustaining severe leg injuries in a road accident early in 1994.
Eighty-one cars will start at Manukau City on July 29 with the survivors returning to Auckland three days later after more than 500 kilometres of special stages through the central and northern back country roads of North Island.
The Spaniard dispatched wild-card entry Forget after losing the first set 6-3.
A winner at Beckenham, he also reached the Wimbledon fourth round after a disastrous 1993 which saw him spend more time on the surgeon's table than on the tennis court.
Bruguera, who plays for Spain against Germany on grass in the Davis Cup, confirmed his upturn in form here after retaining his Roland Garros crown.
Southern leader warns foreign companies against dealing with Sanaa  RIYADH, July 10 (AFP)  Southern Yemeni "vice president" Abderrahman al-Jiffri, who fled to Saudi Arabia after the fall of Aden, on Sunday warned foreign companies operating in the south not to do business with the authorities in Sanaa.
Mohammad fled Aden after being ousted in bloody factional fighting in 1986.
However, ministers did not say when the settlers would be evicted after taking the decision at the weekly cabinet meeting.
The army had agreed after several scuffles to allow 15 families to remain until Sunday in the apartments which the housing ministry said have not been sold following an end to huge government subsidies for settlers, part of a freeze on the spread of settlements.
The law has to be applied in the territories," said Justice Minister David Libai after the cabinet session.
Settlers went on the rampage in the occupied West Bank Friday, attacking Palestinian cars and homes after the death of the girl and an Israeli soldier the same day.
URGENT  KATHMANDU, July 10 (AFP)  Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala of Nepal resigned on Sunday after losing the support of parliament in a debate on his government's annual programme, the state radio announded.
Schumacher disqualified  SILVERSTONE, England, July 10 (AFP)  World championship leader Michael Schumacher was disqualifed from the British Grand Prix here on Sunday after 22 laps.
Yeltsin's official visit will take place on September 27 and 28, Clinton said at a press conference here after 90 minutes of talks between the two leaders.
Nepales premier quits after losing vote  KATHMANDU, July 10 (AFP)  Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala of Nepal resigned on Sunday after losing the support of parliament in a debate on his government's annual programme, the state radio announded.
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher said after London's allegations that Iran should be isolated from the international community.
Relations between Iran and Western countries deteriorated after the 1979 Islamic revolution which toppled the pro-West Shah.
Yeltsin's official visit will take place on September 27 and 28, Clinton said at a press conference here after 90 minutes of talks between the two leaders on the sidelines of the G7 summit.
The interim administration was established after the country's first Hutu president Melchior Ndadaye was killed in an army-led coup attempt on October 21 last year.
"All the donors' promises have evaporated and they want to give us only crumbs," Arafat said on his triumphant return to Gaza after 27 years of exile.
Jordan and Israel are to start bilateral negotiations on July 18 to resolve their long-running border dispute and discuss joint projects, after they signed a detailed agenda for talks on June 7 in Washington.
Schumacher mix-up as he escapes disqualification  SILVERSTONE, England, July 10 (AFP)  Formula One championship leader Michael Schumacher, apparently disqualified after a black-flag offence, was allowed to continue racing during the British Grand Prix here on Sunday.
Nepal PM resigns after losing parliament vote  KATHMANDU, July 10 (AFP)  Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala of Nepal resigned on Sunday after losing the support of parliament in a debate on his government's annual programme, the state radio announced.
After seven years in prison he was freed in 1967 only after a 21-day hunger strike.
Shortly after his release he faced a personal crisis with the untimely death of his wife, Sushma, in 1968.
In January Arafat paid his first visit to Saudi Arabia after the 1991 Gulf war, patching up relations which were soured by the PLO's allegedly pro-Iraqi stance in the conflict.
Saudi Arabia suspended annual aid worth 85.5 million dollars to the PLO after the August 1990 Iraqi invasion of Kuwait.
Sunday's vote comes less than four months after the election of a new parliament.
Sarajevo goes to the dogs by Francis Curta  SARAJEVO, July 10 (AFP)  Sarajevo Sunday turned out for a dogs' show, after more than two years of war which often saw owners go hungry to feed their pets.
One man, he remembered, rushed his dog to the vet's surgery after it had been wounded in shelling, having left his wife who was also slightly hurt to go off by herself to the hospital.
The English Williams-Renault driver beat world championship leader Michael Schumacher in the Benetton-Ford, after the German picked up a five second stop-and-go penalty and was nearly disqualified.
"Two days later a tripartite meeting will take place between Peres, Christopher and Majali," the minister told reporters after the weekly cabinet meeting.
 (AFP)     SEOUL: Security fears on the Korean peninsula after the death of President  Kim Il-Sung abated as the North Korean army went into deep mourning.
(AFP)     KATHMANDU: Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala of Nepal resigned after  losing the support of parliament in a debate on his government's annual  programme, state radio announced.
Sanctions were imposed against Iraq after its troops invaded Kuwait in August 1990, and the embargo stayed in place even though occupying troops were driven out of Kuwait in February 1991 by a US-led coalition.
An air embargo was imposed on Libya after it refused to hand over two Libyans suspected of bombing a Pan-Am airliner which exploded over Lockerbie, Scotland, in December 1988, killing 270 people.
Clinton told journalists after a 90-minute meeting with Yeltsin on the sidelines of the summit that Yeltsin's official visit to the United States would take place on September 27 and 28.
The PLO has publicly pledged to do its best to help locate remains of MIAs but admitted gaining reliable information is extremely difficult after so many years.
The sixth, navigator Ron Arad, was captured after being shot down over Lebanon in Octovber 1986.
                     Yemen                      500 words by 1600 GMT                      by Mohammad Attar     SEOUL:           Fears of security risks after Kim Il-Sung's                      death abate as the powerful North Korean army                      goes into mourning and Pyongyang indicates it                      is getting down to the business of naming a new                      leader.
                     Belarus-vote,lead     LONDON:          The dollar was likely to take                      a further fall on world exchange                      markets Monday, after the Group of                      Seven countries took no steps to                      protect it, but London analysts                      said they did not expect to see                      a dramatic plunge.
Speaking to reporters after the half-hour talks at Mandela's residence, the Presidensie, Heseltine described South Africa as one of the most exciting countries in the world.
Dollar expected to fall Monday after G7 inaction by Patrick Baert  LONDON, July 10 (AFP)  The dollar was likely to take a further fall on world exchange markets Monday, after the Group of Seven summit this weekend took no steps to protect it, but London analysts said they did not expect to see a dramatic plunge.
Analysts say the market should show some caution ahead of publication of US inflation figures Tuesday and Wednesday as high inflation could prompt the Federal Reserve central bank to raise interest rates, especially after the marked fall in US unemployment announced Friday.
However, Benetton team chief Flavio Briatore managed to convince officials of the misunderstanding and, after bringing Schumacher in for the stop-and-go penalty, the German star was allowed to re-start.
Sunday's win was his fifth in Formula One after a hat-trick in 1993.
The German soon found himself almost two seconds behind the leader, while Gerhard Berger's Ferrari was already seven seconds behind after four laps.
But when Hill stopped first, Schumacher was left 25sec in the lead ahead of Berger, and the German retained his lead after going into the pits almost immediately afterwards on lap 17.
Berger's retirement soon after allowed Brazilian Rubens Barrichello to move briefly into third.
Moller, dropped after the first round draw with Spain, comes in for the injured Matthias Sammer, the midfielder who marked Enzo Scifo out of the game in the second round win over Belgium.
Nepalese PM resigns, asks king to call mid-term polls  KATHMANDU, July 10 (AFP)  Nepal Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala resigned Sunday after losing a parliamentary vote and asked the king to call mid-term polls, state radio announced.
Both houses of parliament were adjourned for 72 hours after the result of the vote on the government's annual socio-economic and political programme was announced to a visibly shaken Koirala.
    SEOUL:           Fears of security risks after Kim Il-Sung's                      death abate as the powerful North Korean army                      goes into mourning and Pyongyang indicates it                      is getting down to the business of naming a new                      leader.
                     Belarus-vote,lead                      moved     LONDON:          The dollar was likely to take                      a further fall on world exchange                      markets Monday, after the Group of                      Seven countries took no steps to                      protect it, but London analysts                      said they did not expect to see                      a dramatic plunge.
Kuchma aides also accused Kravchuk of vote rigging after the electoral commission took three days to announce results following the first round.
(changing dateline) Mandela to have eye operation  PRETORIA, July 10 (AFP)  President Nelson Mandela Sunday played down concerns for his health after it was announced that he is to undergo an eye operation on Wednesday.
On Saturday, Mandela, 75, missed a function after Mxandana ordered him to stay at home and rest his eyes in preparation for the operation.
Armed gangs go on organised rampage in Aden by Mohammed Attar  ADEN, Yemen, July 10 (AFP)  Unidentified armed gangs have gone on an organised rampage in the southern Yemeni city of Aden after its capture by northern troops, ransacking shops, hospitals and government offices, witnesses said Sunday.
Baid left Aden for the eastern port of Mukalla soon after the civil war erupted on May 5, and fled to Oman when Mukalla was captured last week, days before Aden fell to northern forces on Thursday.
"President Yeltsin felt that if the Bosnian peace plan is rejected we should hold a special summit on that crisis," Italian host Foreign Minister Antonio Martino said after a meeting of leaders of Russia and the Group of Seven leading industrialised countries here.
But, speaking at a press conference after a summit of G-7 industrialised countries, he said: "I see no reason at the moment why the matter should not be satisfactorily resolved."
Museeuw holds on as Hamburger bites  TRELISSAC, France, July 10 (AFP)  Belgian Johan Museeuw clung on to his overall lead in the Tour de France here on Sunday, after an eighth stage won by Denmark's Bo Hamburger.
The Olympic pursuit champion and former world hour record holder said: "I'm a bit tired after a week's racing, but I still think it's possible to win the time trial.
"President Yeltsin felt that if the Bosnian peace plan is rejected we should hold a special summit on that crisis," Italian Foreign Minister Antonio Martino said after a meeting of leaders of Russia and the Group of Seven leading industrialised countries here.
In Geneva, Assistant Secretary of State Robert Gallucci, the lead US negotiator, said in a separate television interview that the first day of talks there went reasonably well and that the head of the North Korean delegation asked him to stay, even after talks were suspended for Kim's funeral.
At the other end Klinsmann's diving header forced Borislav Mikhailov to grab at the ball when it hit his thighs after Thomas Hassler's cross found Klinsmann unmarked eight metres out.
Mikhailov needed two attempts to gather Martin Wagner's fierce fifth minute drive and Guido Buchwald should have hit the target from the edge of the penalty area after being set free by Rudi Voller's quick free kick.
The return came six days after the Tutsi-dominated Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) took control of the capital and pledged to allow refugees to return to their homes once the situation there was safe.
A magistrate from the minority Tutsis, Andre Mukinzi, was looking for his three daughters whom he had entrusted to the St. Michel orphanage after several Hutu militiamen tried to rape them.
The French text of a statement issued by the summit contained a reference to the "very meritorious" action of France -- a choice of words inserted only after strong pressure from French diplomats.
He is expected to set up for good in the new autonomous areas of the Gaza Strip and the West Bank town of Jericho after leaving Tunis.
At a press conference with Clinton after the summit, Yeltsin quipped to journalists: "You should stop dressing the Russian president in a red coat.
If he fails to win the necessary majority, new elections would be held after a three-month delay.
Canadian cyclist out of hospital  TRELISSAC, France, July 10 (AFP)  Steve Bauer, the only Canadian rider to start this year's Tour de France, has left hospital in Cherbourg after undergoing surgery for a mystery skin infection.
reopens (NEW YORK) Stoichkov's equaliser came immediately after Andreas Moller had hit the post for Germany and Rudi Voller rammed in the rebound only to be ruled off-side.
Stoichkov was fouled 20 metres out and, after hitting his previous attempts into the German wall, this time he floated a kick over six German defenders and into Bodo Illgner's unguarded top left-hand corner.
LOS ANGELES, California, July 10 (AFP)  World Cup goalscorers after Bulgaria's 2-1 quarter-final victory over Germany on Sunday.
The discussions were suspended Saturday after the death of Kim, North Korea's longtime Stalinist dictator.
Canadian head of government Jean Chretien was due to leave after 7:00 p.m. The Japanese prime minister Tomiichi Murayama, the first to arrive in Naples Thursday, will be the last to leave at around 11:OO p.m. (2100 GMT).
The discussions were suspended Saturday after the death of Kim, North Korea's longtime Stalinist dictator.
He was speaking after a spate of violence ended weeks of calm following the Israeli army's redeployment under the May 4 autonomy accord which launched Palestinian self-rule in the Gaza Strip and Jericho.
And yet they appeared to be on their way home after Lothar Matthaus had converted a 48th minute penalty to put the Germans ahead in his record-equalling 21st World Cup match.
The Germans would have killed the match five minutes after taking the lead but somehow Mikhailov managed to touch Thomas Hassler's fierce left foot drive from 30 metres round the post.
Voller, who was largely anonymous after his exploits against Belgium, also created a good chance for Helmer with a neat back heel but the big defender pulled his shot wide.
reopens (NEW YORK) The German penalty came in an onslaught at the start of the second period after both sides had squandered golden chances in the first half.
At the other end Klinsmann's diving header forced Borislav Mikhailov to grab at the ball when it hit his thighs after Thomas Hassler's cross found Klinsmann unmarked eight metres out.
Mikhailov needed two attempts to gather Martin Wagner's fierce fifth minute drive and Guido Buchwald should have hit the target from the edge of the penalty area after being set free by Voller's quick free kick.
Iryani repeated that a general amnesty declared by Sanaa after the southern stronghold of Aden fell to northern troops on Thursday "was meant for all citizens, even those who took part in the plot against the legal powers."
Iryani, whom government sources have tipped as the head of a new government of national unity after the 10 week civil war, had been holding talks with southern Yemeni officials in New York under UN auspices.
The United States has drawn criticism for its handling of the Haitian refugees, especially after Panama withdrew Thursday its offer to allow a processing center on its soil to help handle the surge in refugees.
The German soon found himself almost two seconds behind the leader, while Gerhard Berger's Ferrari was already seven seconds behind after four laps.
But when Hill stopped first, Schumacher was left 25sec in the lead ahead of Berger, and the German retained his lead after going into the pits almost immediately afterwards on lap 17.
Berger's retirement soon after allowed Brazilian Rubens Barrichello to move briefly into third.
Constitutional conference resumes Monday in Nigeria  LAGOS, July 10 (AFP)  A constitutional conference that is supposed to set a date for restoring democracy in Nigeria resumes Monday after a two-week break.
Arafat arrived back in Tunis late Sunday after a two-day visit to Saudi Arabia during which he met King Fahd, Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faysal and Defence Minister Sultan Ben Abdel Aziz.
He is expected to set up for good in the new autonomous areas of the Gaza Strip and the West Bank town of Jericho after leaving Tunis.
Hill brought his Williams-Renault home before a euphoric home crowd, after world championship leader Michael Schumacher and Benetton-Ford had paid the price for breaking the rules at Silverstone.
However, Benetton team chief Flavio Briatore managed to convince officials of the misunderstanding and, after bringing Schumacher in for the stop-and-go penalty, the German star was allowed to re-start.
Perez said his decision came after talks late Saturday with special envoys dispatched by US President Bill Clinton, Sol Linowitz and Michael Kozack.
State television said the decision was made Sunday after settlers leaders met with Israeli President Ezer Weizman who advised them to "respect the law" and not to "clash with Israeli soldiers."
Settlers went on the rampage in the occupied West Bank Friday, attacking Palestinian cars and homes after the death of the girl and an Israeli soldier the same day.
Perez said his decision came after talks late Saturday with special envoys dispatched by US President Bill Clinton, Sol Linowitz and Michael Kozack.
Dahlin close for Sweden  SAN FRANCISCO, July 10 (AFP)  Four-goal Martin Dahlin headed against the post after only four minutes for Sweden but Romania had taken control of the game by half- time of their World Cup quarter-final here Saturday.
Florin Raducioiu, back from a one-game suspension, fired over after Dan Petrescu and Ilie Dumitrescu had worked a clever opening in the Swedish penalty area.
    SEOUL:          Fears of security risks after Kim Il-Sung's                     death abate as the powerful North Korean army                     goes into mourning and Pyongyang indicates it                     is getting down to the business of naming a new                     leader.
Perez said his decision came after talks late Saturday with special envoys dispatched by US President Bill Clinton, Sol Linowitz and Michael Kozack.
Minutes before the equaliser, Andreas Moller's 30-metre drive came back off the post and Rudi Voller was ruled offside after netting the rebound.
A long-range effort from Thomas Hassler which, like Moller's strike, would have killed the match five minutes after Matthaus' penalty, was only just tipped around the post by Borislav Mikhailov.
They also missed the influence of the injured Matthias Sammer and their defence suffered - critically in the second Bulgarian goal - after Martin Wagner, their impressive young left back, went off concussed from a 58th minute collision.
"We did not play calmly after we took the lead and that is what allowed them to come back," he said.
At the other end, Klinsmann's diving header forced Mikhailov to grab at the ball when it hit his thighs after Thomas Hassler's cross found the forward unmarked eight metres out.
URGENT  SAN FRANCISCO, California, July 10 (AFP)  Sweden and Romania were level at 1-1 after normal time in their World Cup quarter-final here on Sunday.
Raducioiu, back from a one-game suspension, forced Ravelli into a near post save in the first minute after the interval and then twice fired over from close range.
"But at the same time, the countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States today owe us 150 billion dollars," Yeltsin continued, after taking part in G7 political discussions for the first time, though Russia is not a member.
The crash took place when the driver lost control of the vehicle after trying to avoid hitting an animal on the road, survivors rescued by police said.
(SANTO DOMINGO) The attorney said Jackson, after arriving with Presley in a white minivan-type vehicle, was joined in his home by attorneys, a bodyguard and a woman carrying a baby.
URGENT  SAN FRANCISCO, California, July 10 (AFP)  Romania and Sweden were level 2-2 after extra time in their World Cup quarter-final here on Sunday.
Sweden force shoot-out against Romania  SAN FRANCISCO, July 10 (AFP)  Florin Raducioiu scored twice for Romania but Kennet Andersson equalised for Sweden in the 115th minute as their World Cup quarter- final ended 2-2 after extra-time here on Sunday.
Raducioiu had scored a last minute equaliser to send the game into extra-time after Tomas Brolin had put Sweden ahead in the 79th minute.
Kim Williams, playing with a bullet lodged in her rib after being shot last week, fired a final-round 70 to finish tied for 10th at 210 with Amy Alcott and Dawn Coe-Jones.
The match was level 2-2 after extra time.
Florin Raducioiu had scored twice for Romania but Kennet Andersson equalised in the 115th minute as their World Cup quarter-final ended 2-2 after extra-time.
Raducioiu had scored a last minute equaliser to send the game into extra-time after Tomas Brolin had put Sweden ahead in the 79th minute.
URGENT  BONN, July 11 (AFP)  North Korea informed the United States Sunday that it planned to resume bilateral nuclear talks after the funeral of North Korean President Kim Il-Sung scheduled for July 17, a senior US official said.
LOS ANGELES, California, July 10 (AFP)  World Cup goalscorers after Sunday's matches 6: Oleg Salenko (Russia) 5: Jurgen Klinsmann (Germany), Hristo Stoichkov (Bulgaria) 4: Kennet Andersson (Sweden), Gabriel Batistuta (Argentina), Martin Dahlin (Sweden), Florin Raducioiu (Romania), Romario (Brazil) 3: Roberto Baggio (Italy), Bebeto (Brazil), Dennis Bergkamp (Holland), Jose Luis Caminero (Spain), Gheorghe Hagi (Romania) 2: Philippe Albert (Belgium), Fuad Amin Anwar (S Arabia), Daniel Amokachi (Nigeria), Emmanuel Amunike (Nigeria), Dino Baggio (Italy), Georges Bregy (Switzerland), Tomas Brolin (Sweden), Claudio Caniggia (Argentina), Ilie Dumitrescu (Romania), Luis Garcia (Mexico), Andoni Goikoetxea (Spain), Hong Myung-Bo (South Korea), Wim Jonk (Holland), Yordan Letchkov (Bulgaria), Adolfo Valencia (Colombia), Rudi Voller (Germany) 1: John Aldridge (Ireland), Sami Al Jaber (S Arabia), Abel Balbo (Argentina), Aitor Begiristain (Spain), Daniel Borimirov (Bulgaria), Branco (Brazil), Mohamed Chaouch (Morocco), Stephane Chapuisat (Switzerland), Marc Degryse (Belgium), David Embe (Cameroon), Luis Enrique (Spain), George Finidi (Nigeria), Alberto Garcia Aspe (Mexico), Herman Gaviria (Colombia), Fahad Al Ghesheyan (Saudi Arabia), Josep Guardiola (Spain), Fernando Hierro (Spain), Ray Houghton (Republic of Ireland), Hwang Sun-hong (South Korea), Adrian Knup (Switzerland), Roger Ljung (Sweden), Harold Lozano (Colombia), Diego Maradona (Argentina), Lothar Mathaus (Germany), Roger Milla (Cameroon), Hassan Nader (Morocco), Francois Omam-Biyik (Cameroon), Saeed Owairan (Saudi Arabia), Dan Petrescu (Romania), Dimitri Radchenko (Russia), Rai (Brazil), Kjetil Rekdal (Norway), Karlheinz Riedle (Germany), Brian Roy (Holland), Julio Salinas (Spain), Erwin Sanchez (Bolivia), Marcio Santos (Brazil), Seo Jung-Won (South Korea), Samson Siasia (Nigeria), Nasko Sirakov (Bulgaria), Ernie Stewart (USA), Alain Sutter (Switzerland), Gaston Taument (Holland), Aron Winter (Holland), Eric Wynalda (USA), Rashidi Yekini (Nigeria) Own goal: Andres Escobar (Colombia) bdb94 
Goalkeeper Thomas Ravelli made two crucial saves to deny Gheorghe Hagi's Romania who had been favourites after their 3-2 defeat of Argentina in the second round.
Ravelli, playing a record 115th match for Sweden, stopped Dan Petrescu and Miodrag Belodedici's spot kicks after a sterile midfield struggle came to life in the last 10 minutes of normal time.
Raducioiu had scored a last minute equaliser to send the game into extra-time after Tomas Brolin had put Sweden ahead in the 79th minute.
North Korea says nuclear talks to resume after Kim funeral  BONN, July 11 (AFP)  North Korea informed the United States Sunday that it planned to resume bilateral nuclear talks after the funeral of North Korean President Kim Il-Sung scheduled for July 17, a senior US official said.
The Geneva discussions were suspended Saturday after Kim died of heart attack Friday.
The exact date of the resumption will be decided only after Kim's funeral, the US official said.
"I won two Western Opens on Mondays after rain delays and had won when I won in 1987, so maybe it was a good thing for me it was delayed," McCumber said.
    WILLIAMSBURG, Virginia, July 10 (AFP) - Results here Sunday after the  final round of the 1.1 million-dollar PGA Busch Classic (USA unless noted):     267 - Mark McCumber 67-69-65-66     270 - Glen Day 64-68-72-66     272 - Justin Leonard 67-69-67-69     273 - Mike Bradley 68-69-69-67, John Wilson 64-70-72-67, Scott Verplank  71-69-66-67     274 - Tommy Armour 69-71-67-67, Jay Haas 69-73-65-67, Bob Lohr 61-68-73-72     ...
Philadelphia outfielder Len Dykstra was elected but will not play after an apendectomy.
The shootout went to sudden-death after Ravelli saved Dan Petrescu's kick following Hakan Mild's wild blast over the bar.
The attorney said Jackson, after arriving with Presley in a white minivan-type vehicle, was joined in his home by attorneys, a bodyguard and a woman carrying a baby.
(SAN FRANCISCO) Sweden had to play the last 18 minutes with only 10 men after Stefan Schwarz was sent off for a second yellow card.
Disappointed Illgner sticks by retirement plans  NEW YORK, July 10 (AFP)  German goalkeeper Bodo Illgner quit the national team here Sunday after the World Cup holders lost 2-1 to Bulgaria in the quarter- finals.
A member of US President Bill Clinton's entourage said in Bonn that the exact date would be agreed after the funeral of the late North Korean President Kim-Il Sung, who died of a heart attack Friday.
Kang asked for a suspension of the talks until after Kim's funeral scheduled for July 17.
I want to say that we're all praying for you," Carey said on BBC radio, as special prayers were said in churches across the country for the safe return of Abbie Humphries, abducted just four hours after her birth on July 1.
Darryl Strawberry was signed by injury-riddled San Francisco after completing a drug rehabilitation program and could make the Giants a contender again.
Perez said his decision came after talks late Saturday with special envoys dispatched by US President Bill Clinton, Sol Linowitz and Michael Kozack.
He hoped that as the drugs were not intended as a stimulant, football's governing body would act leniently when they meet to consider Maradona's case after the World Cup.
Vogts' future in doubt after German defeat by Robert Smith  LOS ANGELES, July 10 (AFP)  Berti Vogts is considering his future as national team coach after Germany made its earliest exit from the World Cup in 16 years on Sunday.
Vogts, who took charge from Franz Beckenbauer after the 1990 World Cup, has been attacked by the German media over his team's faltering displays in the United States.
The German team was bedevilled by player unrest and it was brought to a head when Vogts sent midfielder Stefan Effenberg home after he had made obscene finger gestures to German fans during a first round match against South Korea in Dallas.
And the 33-year-old Matthaus said after his record-equalling 21st match in his fourth World Cup: "It's not important now to ask about retirement.
"You shouldn't talk about retirement 10 minutes after the game."
Hagi was one of the first Romanian players to seek his fortune overseas after the 1990 World Cup.
Nepalese PM finally yields to pressure from every corner by Susham Shrestha  KATHMANDU, July 11 (AFP)  Nepalese Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala's political balancing act came to a crashing halt at the weekend when he was forced to resign and call for mid-term polls after losing a parliamentary vote.
The axe finally fell on Koirala's administration Sunday when he lost a crucial parliamentary debate on his government's annual programme, a defeat which prompted him to step down after more than three turbulent years in power.
His resignation came as a relief to many of his opponents after he failed to live up to their expectations, observers here said.
In February, Koirala found himself at the centre of a fierce political row after he allegedly undermined NC Party President Krishna Prasad Bhattarai during a parliamentary by-election in Kathmandu in which Bhattarai was defeated.
The previous judgement refers to Priebke's release from an Allied prisoner of war camp after the Second World War ended.
The prime minister told journalists after receiving the letter, "The summit is not void."
The contact and the postponement followed an agreement by North Korea in Geneva overnight that talks with the United States on defusing suspicions about North Korea's nuclear program would go ahead after the funeral of Kim Il-Sung, slated for July 17.
The prime minister told journalists after receiving the letter, "The summit is not void."
The contact and the postponement followed an agreement by North Korea in Geneva overnight that talks with the United States on defusing suspicions about North Korea's nuclear program would go ahead after the funeral of Kim Il-Sung, slated for July 17.
"I have no intention to pay an official tribute," Murayama was quoted by Jiji as telling reporters Sunday in Naples, Italy, after the Group of Seven (G7) industrialised nations summit ended.
His remarks came after Transport Minister Shizuka Kamei said last week he would visit the Yasukuni Shrine on August 15, the anniversary of Japan's surrender in World War II, as he has done for more than a decade.
The attorney said Jackson, after arriving with Presley in a white minivan-type vehicle, was joined in his home by attorneys, a bodyguard and a woman carrying a baby.
The group changed its name after the August 1991 coup against Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev to become simply "Democratic Reforms".
In Geneva overnight North Korean negotiators notified US Undersecretary of State Robert Gallucci that US-North Korean talks there would be postponed until after Kim's funeral.
(AFP)     ADEN, Yemen: Unidentified armed gangs have gone on an organised rampage in  the southern Yemeni city of Aden after its capture by northern troops,  ransacking shops, hospitals and government offices, witnesses said.
State television said the decision was made  after settlers leaders met with Israeli President Ezer Weizman who advised  them to "respect the law" and not to "clash with Israeli soldiers."
A man died in a fire caused by candles he was using after losing his electricity supply.
The inter-Korean contact Monday followed what was seen here as an even more encouraging development in Geneva Sunday, when Pyongyang said it intended to resume talks with Washington after the July 17 funeral of Kim Il-Sung.
The talks were suspended after Kim Il-Sung's sudden death Friday at the age of 82.
On Monday, South Korean Unification Minister Lee Hong-Koo said Kim Il- Sung's son and designated successor, Kim Jong-Il, 52, appeared to have secured control "very quickly" after the death of his father.
Igarashi also said that North Korea's situation after the death of President Kim Il-Sung was "calm as a whole."
King Sihanouk and Queen Monique arrived at the embassy after the Chinese delegation, also presenting a wreath and writing a message of condolence.
Speculation surrounded the prince's departure Sunday, coming one week after the abortive coup d'etat, as members of his cabinet and other government officials gave contradictory reports of the prince's whereabouts.
Prince Chakrapong was allowed leave the country and Sin Song was placed under arrest after troops loyal to the government blocked a convoy of about 100 rebel soldiers in armoured personnel carriers about 25 kilometers (15 miles) east of the city July 2.
Bruce Corby, 22, died in hospital on Sunday after losing his right leg in Saturday's attack, while his friend, Andrew Carter, 31, suffered a gash on his left leg that stretched from the knee to the upper thigh.
Jewish squatters quit Kyriat Arba  JERUSALEM, July 11 (AFP)  Hardline Jewish settlers who took over unsold apartments in the West Bank settlement of Kyriat Arba began to leave peacefully on Monday after the army threatened to evict them, military officials said.
Troop reinforcements were deployed Sunday in the area which was declared a "closed military zone" after the goverment ordered the removal of dozens of settlers who stormed into the homes on Friday, vowing to fight to the end.
North Koreans back to work after weekend of mourning  BEIJING, July 11 (AFP)  North Koreans returned to work Monday after a weekend of mourning following the death of President Kim Il-Sung, but many in the capital Pyongyang continued to gather at a statue of their fallen leader, foreign residents reached by phone from Beijing said.
Norwegian coastguard arrests nine Greenpeace activists  OSLO, July 11 (AFP)  The Norwegian coastguard arrested the Greenpeace ship Sirius and its crew of nine late Sunday after an incident with a Norwegian whaler off the coast of Egersund, south of Stavanger, the coastguard said.
The activists were arrested south of Egersund after the crew attempted to prevent the whaler, the Senet, from hunting a minke whale, according to the Southern Norway Defense Command.
Clinton and his wife Hillary were welcomed by the new German president, Roman Herzog, at his residence in the Villa Hammerschmidt, just after 9:30 a.m. (0730 GMT).
He said after hearing the "unwanted, undesirable news" of Maradona's expulsion last month he was too upset to perform his professional work.
Arafat heads home admitting task is daunting by Hamida Ben Salah  TUNIS, July 11 (AFP)  PLO chief Yasser Arafat prepared Monday to move to autonomous Palestinian land after 12 years in exile here, saying he faced the daunting task of lifting the Gaza Strip out of its poverty.
Arafat, who set up headquarters in Tunis in 1982 after Israeli forces drove his guerrillas from Lebanon, told reporters here early Monday that the enemy was now economic trouble.
The PLO chairman on July 1 made a brief, but triumphant return to Gaza and then Jericho after 27 years in exile in Jordan, Lebanon and Tunisia.
German press demand Vogts axe  BONN, July 11 (AFP)  Germany's biggest-selling daily newspaper Das Bild lead the calls for manager Berti Vogts head here on Monday after the country's World Cup exit.
Three minutes blew it all", ran the tabloid's headline after the 2-1 defeat to Bulgaria in the quarter-finals.
Clinton and his wife Hillary were welcomed by the new German president, Roman Herzog, at his residence in the Villa Hammerschmidt, just after 9:30 a.m. (0730 GMT).
British output prices unchanged in June  LONDON, July 11 (AFP)  British output prices were unchanged in June after rising 0.2 percent in May, according to provisional, seasonally-corrected figures from the central statistical office (CSO) released Monday.
New NATO commander for northwest Europe dies  LONDON, July 11 (AFP)  Air Chief Marshal Sir John Thompson, who was appointed on July 1 as NATO commander-in-chief for northwest Europe, has died after a brief illness, the British defence ministry said Monday.
Reverend William McCrea, of Reverend Ian Paisley's Democratic Unionist party, arrived at his home in Magherafelt, near Londonderry, just a few minutes after the attack.
First official talks for Li Peng in Romania  BUCHAREST, July 11 (AFP)  Chinese Premier Li Peng arrived here Monday to hold talks with Romanian leaders after resting for a day at the resort town of Neptun on the Romanian Black Sea.
Romania has attached particular importance to Peng's visit as China was the country's second largest export market in 1993 after Germany.
Peng will hold talks with President Ion Iliescu later Monday after attending an official welcome ceremony at the Cotroceni Palace, seat of the Romanian presidency.
The Frenchman jumped another 97 places to 116th after his defeat to fourth-ranked Sergi Bruguera of Spain in the final of the Gstaad tournament.
Forget had plummetted from the top ten to 1,130th in the world after a knee injury wrecked his 1993 campaign.
But since his comeback he has climbed over 1,000 places in three weeks after winning at Eastbourne in England, reaching the fourth round at Wimbledon and topping that with his Swiss success.
The killings came after seven Italian sailors were murdered on Thursday.
The inter-Korean contact Monday followed what was seen here as an even more encouraging development in Geneva Sunday, when Pyongyang said it intended to resume talks with Washington after the July 17 funeral of Kim Il-Sung.
The talks were suspended after Kim Il-Sung's sudden death Friday at the age of 82.
South Korean Unification Minister Lee Hong-Koo said on Monday that Kim Il-Sung's son and designated successor, Kim Jong-Il, 52, appeared to have secured control "very quickly" after his father's death.
Meanwhile, North Koreans returned to work after a weekend of mourning, but many in the capital Pyongyang continued to gather at a statue of their fallen leader, foreign residents reached by phone from Beijong said.
Two hours after the 30-minute air attacks Israeli warplanes were still conducting reconnaissance flights over the area.
The disappointed widow Hema Premadasa walked out of the Colombo Kachcheri, or district secretariat, after discovering that her nomination papers had been withdrawn by the governing United National Party (UNP), witnesses said.
The widow and her son Sajith had earlier rejected UNP nominations but changed their mind after President Dingiri Banda Wijetunga conditionally agreed to their demand for a fresh probe into Premadasa's slaying.
No details were immediately available on the circumstances surrounding the killings which came after seven Italian sailors were murdered on Thursday.
                    Korea-Kim-economy                     500 words around 1030 GMT                     by Shingo Ito     TUNIS:          Tunisia bids farewell to PLO chief Yasser                     Arafat as he moves his administration to                     autonomous Palestinian land after 12 years                     in exile here                     Arafat-farewell,                     500 words around 1230 GMT                     by Hamida Ben Salah     KIEV:           Leonid Kuchma, a Soviet-era factory boss                     favoring renewed ties with Russia claims                     he is well in the lead against incumbent                     President Leonid Kravchuk as voting continues                     in Ukraine's presidential elections.
The decision comes despite predictions from Turkish officials that the army is close to smashing the PKK rebellion, which was "disintegrating" after losing logistical support and suffering heavy human and material losses in the south-east.
The Arusha accord was signed between the Rwandan government and the rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front after nearly three years of civil war but was not completely implemented and the transitional government was never sworn in.
Dollar remains extremely low after crashing overnight in Asia  LONDON, July 11 (AFP)  The dollar was extremely weak early on Monday after crashing overnight in the Asia-Pacific region in reaction to the absence of any supportive initiatives by G7 leaders at their weekend summit, dealers said.
"The dollar could rise slightly during the day after massive selling overnight in Asia, but is likely to trade at extremely low levels during the week," said Peter Wood, dealer at the Bank of Boston.
Jiffri and other southern leaders fled Yemen after the south's stronghold of Aden fell to northern troops on Thursday, following two months of civil war.
By mid morning, the FT-SE 100 index of leading shares had risen by 18.1 points to 2,980.5 for a rise of 0.6 percent, after prices had also been lifted by overnight gains on Wall Street.
Statistics showing that British output prices were unchanged in June after rising 0.2 percent in May, were lower than analysts' forecasts of a monthly rise of 0.2 percent, dealers said.
The engineering group Tomkins rose eight pence to 225 after announcing a 50 percent increase in annual pre-tax profits to 257 million pounds.
The dollar's continuing weakness caused some initial market hesitation, after the G7 Naples summit had adopted a low-key approach to the currency's difficulties, but has ceased to weigh on the market for the time being, they added.
Axa was seven centimes higher at 238.80 after the company had said on Friday that it expected life insurance premium income to rise 19 percent in 1994 and non-life income to rise 7.2 percent.
Two hours after the attacks Israeli warplanes were still conducting reconnaissance flights over the area.
But an Israeli army spokesman in Jerusalem said the warplanes returned safely to base after attacking their targets.
Dollar rate is not a trade weapon: Clinton  BONN, July 11 (AFP)  The United States will not use the dollar exchange rate as a weapon to reduce the US trade deficit, President Bill Clinton said after meeting German Chancellor Helmut Kohl here on Monday.
"We will not use the dollar as an instrument of trade," he told a press conference after his first meeting with the chancellor during a visit here.
Kuchma, 55, a former head of a missile-production factory in southern Ukraine who trailed Kravchuk after the first round poll, had campaigned on a ticket of closer ties with Moscow.
The United States says it will return to talks with North Korea if Pyongyang suspends nuclear fuel reprocessing, while the North Koreans have indicated their readiness to continue talks after a period of mourning for Kim, and so he was hopeful, Clinton said.
Indonesia officially recognized Slovakia in January last year after the Czech and Slovak Republics split.
The announcement was made 90 minutes after the market closed.
A Mitsubishi official was quoted as saying that the news could not have leaked from the company as it did not inform the exchange and reporters of its plans to hold a news conference until after the market had closed.
Mitsubishi said the timing of the production launch would be decided after further appraisal was carried out.
Although the two sides appeared close to an agreement after nearly two years of negotiations, Armand Carlier, Matra Marconi Space's new chief executive said it was still difficult to say if a deal would finally be clinched.
BAe shares remained stable on the London Stock Exchange, while GEC shares rose two pence to 272.5 pence after the news.
"We have said that continued Bosnian-Serb rejection could make unavoidable a decision to lift the arms embargo," a high-ranking British official said, briefing reporters after the summit.
The two 10-year-old killers of two-year-old James Bulger, murdered after he was abducted in a Liverpool shopping centre last year, were found after scrutiny of security camera pictures taken as they took their victim away to his death.
Patrons of liquor firm Veterano Osborne, Don Antonio Osborne Vazquez, Don Enrique and Don Rafael Osborne Macpherson, hit on the idea of the steel bull 40 years ago to push their tipple's merits to customers after many of the usual paper adverts for the product had been torn down.
Because the impact sites will rotate into view soon after impact, however, Earth-bound astronomers are hoping to see, at the very least, disturbed cloud patterns.
Rape victim survives burning  LONS-LE-SAUNIER, France, July 11 (AFP)  Three attackers raped and burned a 25-year-old nurse, but she survived after dragging herself to an isolated farmhouse, police said on Monday.
Coffee prices boil 30 percent higher after renewed frost  LONDON, July 11 (AFP)  Coffee prices soared by 30 percent in early trading on Monday because a new frost of minus five degrees Celsius (23 degrees Fahrenheit) had hit southern Brazil over the weekend causing dealers to fear for crops.
At the end of last week Brazil decided to resume exports which had been suspended shortly after the cold snap to prevent internal prices from rising too high.
This reflected a drop in exports from Colombia, Indonesia and the Ivory Coast which are the world's three biggest producers after Brazil.
The new round coincides with PLO chairman Yasser Arafat's preparations to return for good to the Gaza Strip and Jericho after a triumphant visit there at the beginning of the month which ended 27 years in exile.
Meanwhile a stolen water colour by the 18th century artist Jean Honore Fragonard has been recovered after nine years, police said on Monday.
Regis, a 200m specialist, was left out of the first selection after missing the national championships with a calf injury.
High hurdler Tony Jarrett and high jumpers Dalton Grant and Steve Smith have also been added to the team for the games in Victoria, Canada, next month after missing the national event.
Rob Denmark, who turned down a 10,000m place after winning the AAA title at the distance, has been switched to his specialist event, the 5,000m.
Sino-North Korean border calm after shock announcement of Kim death  DANDONG, China, July 11 (AFP)  A wreath of blanket fog and sheeting rain enveloped the Sino-North Korean border here Monday, shielding a nation mourning Kim Il-Sung's death from prying eyes on the Chinese side of the Yalu River.
Mabbutt boost for Spurs  LONDON, July 11 (AFP)  Inspirational defender Gary Mabbutt is to stay at Spurs after signing a new two-year contract with the London club.
Spurs start the new season with a six-point Premier League deficit after being found guilty by the FA of making irregular payments to players.
Club chairman Robert Chase warned that Sutton, one of the most sought- after players in the English Premiership and at the centre of constant speculation over his future, would cost more after that deadline.
Jiffri and other southern leaders fled Yemen after the south's stronghold of Aden fell to northern troops on Thursday, following two months of civil war.
Five Russians murdered in Algiers by Boubker Belkadi  ALGIERS, July 11 (AFP)  Gunmen shot dead five Russian workers Monday morning only a few days after the murder of seven Italians, raising fears that Islamic fundamentalists are renewing a deadly campaign against foreigners.
Interior Minister Abderrahmane Meziane-Cherif issued a statement immediately after the murders were announced to condemn "energetically and with the greatest firmness the ghastly murder of five Russian citizens."
Meanwhile, two suspected members of a guerrilla group which bound, gagged and slit the throats of seven Italian sailors aboard their cargo ship "Lucina" on Thursday, have been arrested, the Italian press agency Ansa said Monday Mirko Tremaglia, president of the Italian Senate foreign affairs committee said after a meeting with Algerian Interior Minister Meziane Cherif, that the two had admitted to the crime and identified their accomplices.
The fundamentalists began their armed insurgency against a government they consider to be "illegitimate" after the January, 1992 cancellation of a second round of general elections, which the Islamic Salvation Front (FIS) had been poised to win.
Clinton, speaking alongside Chancellor Helmut Kohl after talks at the start of a two-day official visit to Germany, added: "I do hope we will have the benefit of the full range of Germany's capacities to lead."
Arafat, who set up headquarters in Tunisia in 1982 after Israeli forces drove his guerrillas from Lebanon, told reporters here earlier that the enemy was now poverty.
The PLO chairman on July 1 made a brief, but triumphant return to Gaza and then Jericho after 27 years in exile in Jordan, Lebanon and Tunisia.
The council is now scheduled to be elected in the autumn, after elections due to be held in July were postponed.
The prime minister was hospitalized after attending a G7 working dinner on Friday.
Zambian President seeks Israeli know-how  JERUSALEM, July 11 (AFP)  Zambian President Frederick Chiluba signed a cooperation accord with Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin on Monday after asking not for money but technological know-how.
"We have said that continued Bosnian-Serb rejection could make unavoidable a decision to lift the arms embargo," a high-ranking British official said, briefing reporters after the summit.
The dollar had begun to fall sharply as soon as trading opened after the weekend because a summit of leaders from the seven main industrialised countries (G7) had abstained from mentioning any measures to support it or to stabilise exchange rates.
Romania has attached particular importance to Li's visit as China was the country's second largest export market in 1993 after Germany.
Li was to hold talks with President Ion Iliescu later Monday after attending an official welcome ceremony at the Cotroceni Palace, seat of the Romanian presidency.
Raymond Smallwood, 44, who was close to Protestant paramilitary groups in Northern Ireland, died in hospital after three bullets were pumped into him as he left his home in Lisburn, southern Belfast.
The Reverend William McCrea, of Reverend Ian Paisley's Democratic Unionist party, arrived at his home in Magherafelt, near Londonderry, just a few minutes after the attack.
The democratic congressman from Indiana, a leading supporter of the Moslem-led Bosnian government, spoke after a two-day trip to Mostar in central Bosnia.
The new federation was set up in March after US mediation between warring Moslems and Croats.
Dealers said the market was also disappointed by a decision by the US Federal Reserve not to raise interest rates after a meeting last week, despite a sharper-than-expected drop in US unemployment which pointed to inflationary pressures.
The awards are named after a popular Philippine president who died in a plane crash in 1957 and are Asia's version of the Nobel prizes.
He said only that "the Chinese leaders were the first to give messages of condolences to the DPRK after President Kim Il-Sung passed away."
The awards are named after a popular Philippine president who died in a plane crash in 1957 and are Asia's version of the Nobel prizes.
Five Russians murdered in Algiers by Boubker Belkadi  ALGIERS, July 11 (AFP)  Gunmen shot dead five Russian workers Monday morning only a few days after the murder of seven Italians, raising fears that Islamic fundamentalists are renewing a deadly campaign against foreigners.
Immediately after the murders were announced, Interior Minister Abderrahmane Meziane-Cherif issued a statement condemning "energetically and with the greatest firmness the ghastly murder of five Russian citizens," saying those responsible would be "arrested and punished."
Mirko Tremaglia, president of the Italian Senate foreign affairs committee, said after a meeting with Algerian Interior Minister Meziane Cherif that the two had admitted to the crime and identified their accomplices.
The fundamentalists began their armed insurgency against a government they consider to be "illegitimate" after the January, 1992 cancellation of a second round of general elections, which the Islamic Salvation Front (FIS) had been poised to win.
Dollar continues to slide following G7 summit  NEW YORK, July 11 (AFP)  The dollar resumed its slide Monday a day after the Group of Seven leaders ended their summit meeting with no official comment on efforts to aid the ailing US currency.
(AFP)     ALGIERS: Suspected Islamic gunmen shot dead five Russian workers only a few  days after the murder of seven Italians, raising fears that Islamic  fundamentalists are renewing a deadly campaign against foreigners.
Arafat, who set up headquarters in Tunisia in 1982  after Israeli forces drove his guerrillas from Lebanon, told reporters that in  Gaza, the situation is "close to famine, the infrastructure totally destroyed  and unemployment hitting 58 percent of the population."
Raymond Smallwood, 44, who was close to Protestant paramilitary groups in Northern Ireland, died in hospital after three bullets were pumped into him as he left his home in Lisburn, southern Belfast.
The Reverend William McCrea, of Reverend Ian Paisley's Democratic Unionist party, arrived at his home in Magherafelt, near Londonderry, just a few minutes after the attack.
It came after five Russians were killed in an attack blamed on Islamic fundamentalists.
But the first phase of autonomy in the Gaza Strip and West Bank town of Jericho was launched in May after six months of negotiations -- four months longer than planned -- which also failed to clear up all details.
The new round coincides with PLO chairman Yasser Arafat's preparations to return for good to the Gaza Strip and Jericho after a triumphant visit there at the beginning of the month which ended 27 years in exile.
Against the mark, the greenback was down at 1.5395, a 19-month low, after falling to 1.5475 marks on Asian markets overnight.
The dollar fell sharply as soon as trading opened after the seven main industrialised countries (G7) abstained from mentioning any measures to support the greenback or stabilise exchange rates in their economic communique at the Naples weekend summit.
Indurain proved all his critics horribly wrong in sweltering conditions as he finished the 64km ninth stage time trial in 1hr 15min 58secs -- a massive two minutes ahead of closest rival Tony Rominger His cycling version of grievous bodily harm put him in yellow, while Englishman Chris Boardman, tipped as a danger after winning the prologue, never threatened as he lost over five minutes to finish fifth.
The critics had been gathering to write the Indurain obituary during this year's race after he failed to defend his Tour of Italy title of 1992 and 1993.
Indurain's extraordinary performance was already taking shape at the first time check after just 6.5km.
He clocked 9min 7secs, already half-a-minute ahead of Boardman and 24secs ahead of Rominger, and that had grown to a 55sec lead over the Swiss rider after 15km and 1:24 by 30km.
Frenchman Armand De las Cuevas, the man who beat Indurain in the Tour of Italy prologue, was overtaken by the Spaniard 15kms from the end after starting four minutes before him.
Gunmen shot dead five Russian workers earlier Monday, only a few days after seven Italians were murdered, raising fears that Islamic fundamentalists are renewing a deadly campaign against foreigners.
The fundamentalists began their armed insurgency against a government they consider to be "illegitimate" after the January, 1992 cancellation of a second round of general elections, which the Islamic Salvation Front (FIS) had been poised to win.
Constitutional conference in Nigeria resumes sitting  ABUJA, July 11 (AFP)  The Constitutional Conference resumed sitting Monday in Abuja after a two-week break to enable authorities to provide facilities at the official residence of delegates, sources close to the conference told AFP.
Eli Lilly fell 3-1/2 to 53-7/8 after announcing the purchase of PCS Health Systems for four billion dollars.
Dollar crashes to record post World War II low  LONDON, July 11 (AFP)  The dollar crashed to a new post World War II low against the yen at 97.36 yen at 1450 GMT here, as dealers feverishly sold the currency after concluding the G-7 would do nothing to support it.
The greenback fell through the previous record of 97.55 yen, recorded overnight in Wellington, after registering 97.95 yen at the Friday close.
Against the mark, the greenback was down at 1.5395, a 19-month low, after falling to 1.5475 marks on Asian markets overnight.
The dollar fell sharply as soon as trading opened after the seven main industrialised countries (G-7) abstained from mentioning any measures to support the greenback or to stabilise exchange rates in their economic communique at the weekend summit in Naples.
Sporadic violence mars nominations, ruling party snubs widow  COLOMBO, July 11 (AFP)  Party activists clashed with political rivals in at least three districts in Sri Lanka Monday after candidates filed nomination papers for next month's parliamentary elections, officials said.
The disappointed widow Hema Premadasa walked out of the Colombo Kachcheri, or district secretariat, after discovering that her nomination papers had been withdrawn by the UNP, witnesses said.
The widow and her son Sajith had earlier rejected UNP nominations but changed their mind after President Dingiri Banda Wijetunga conditionally agreed to their demand for a fresh probe into Premadasa's slaying.
Nasreen, a 32-year-old doctor-turned-writer, went into hiding after the government issued an arrest warrant against her for outraging Moslem sentiment with comments she made about the Koran.
reopens (BERGERAC) Miguel Indurain, grimacing after his supreme effort, said: "I've had to work hard to get into shape and I showed people today I managed it.
Eli Lilly fell 3-1/2 to 53-7/8 after announcing the purchase of PCS Health Systems for four billion dollars.
War erupted on May 5 after months of tension between rival northern and southern leaders on how to run Yemen, which was forged out of a 1990 union of the former Marxist South and conservative North Yemen.
Representatives of Spearhead, the only firm to admit it paid kickbacks, told the court they won the contract only after paying the money.
The PLO chairman set up headquarters in Tunis in 1982 after Israeli forces drove his guerrillas from Lebanon.
It was in Tunisia, in December 1988, that the first official contacts were made between the PLO and the United States, after the Palestinian leadership implicitly recognised the state of Israel and officially renounced terrorism.
The violence came less than a week after seven Italian sailors had their throats slit in an attack blamed on Moslem fundamentalists fighting to bring down the military-backed government.
The fundamentalists began their insurgency after the military cancelled January 1992 second-round general elections which the Islamic Salvation Front had been poised to win.
Under the Soviet system he was not allowed to travel because of his knowledge of strategic secrets, and saw the West for the first time three years ago after "living his entire life in a closed town connected to the military-industrial complex," a western diplomat explained.
The report pointed out some people were kept in detention even after being acquitted.
URGENT  NABLUS, West Bank, July 11 (AFP)  Israeli soldiers shot and killed two militants from the Islamic Resistance Movement HAMAS here on Monday after laying siege to their hideout for several hours, Palestinian sources said.
Kuchma, 55, who resigned as prime minister last year after his efforts to implement slow-paced economic reforms were consistently blocked by the former parliament, was regarded by many western diplomats and analysts as a capable and incisive manager and a centrist politician during his term as premier.
Two HAMAS militants killed by Israeli troops in siege  NABLUS, West Bank, July 11 (AFP)  Israeli soldiers killed two militants from the Islamic Resistance Movement HAMAS here on Monday after laying siege to their hideout for several hours, Palestinian sources said.
The violence came less than a week after seven Italian sailors had their throats slit in an attack blamed on Moslem fundamentalists fighting to bring down the military-backed government.
Mirko Tremaglia, president of the Italian Senate foreign affairs committee, said after a meeting with Algerian Interior Minister Meziane Cherif that the two had confessed to the crime and identified their accomplices.
The fundamentalists began their insurgency after the military cancelled January 1992 second-round general elections which the Islamic Salvation Front had been poised to win.
The decision was taken on the advice of Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala, who resigned Sunday after losing a parliamentary debate on his government's annual programme.
The death toll from political unrest abated after all-race elections in April that swept the ANC to power, but violence monitors have expressed concern that fighting is edging up again in the townships east of Johannesburg.
But it was fast rising again after an historic monthly low of 77, nine months after the outbreak of the war in April 1992.
She said France continued to apply the sanctions fully, voted by the Security Council after Iraq's invasion of Kuwait in August 1990.
It was Qayssi's third visit to France, after July 1993 and March of this year, when the minister also held talks with officials.
The 49-year-old moderate Hutu politician was picked by the rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front last week to form a national unity government, after the rebel forces took control of the capital Kigali.
Clinton, speaking alongside Chancellor Helmut Kohl after talks at the start of a two-day official visit to Germany, added: "I do hope we will have the benefit of the full range of Germany's capacities to lead."
Kohl for his part said after the two men's first talks of the day that his government's policy was that, as a UN member, Germany had a duty to shoulder responsibilities in accordance with its means.
Before travelling by helicopter to Kohl's private home, the US president also met with the leader of the opposition Social Democrats, Rudolf Scharping, who hopes to become chancellor after elections in October, and with Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel.
However, after his appetite had been whetted by his first taste of this year's Ailsa course, Ballesteros was keen to put the record straight.
Remembering his victory in the Benson and Hedges international tournament in May, which came after 26 barren months, the Spaniard said: "Confidence plays a big part in this game.
Boardman, the former world one-hour distance record holder, repaid him with a prologue win but he admitted after Monday's setback: "I really suffered in the heat -- I was completely spent.
American Lance Armstrong, who won a stage last year in his first tour and went on to win the world championships, was withdrawn after two weeks.
Dollar slides after G7 inaction by Isabel Parenthoen  WASHINGTON, July 11 (AFP)  The dollar resumed its slide Monday a day after the Group of Seven leaders ended their summit meeting with no official comment on efforts to aid the ailing US currency.
The US currency sank to a new post World War II low against the yen at 97.35 yen in New York as dealers feverishly sold the currency after concluding the G7 would do nothing to support it.
Against the German mark, the greenback was down at 1.5327 in New York after falling to 1.5475 marks on Asian markets overnight.
The dollar fell sharply as soon as trading opened after the seven main industrialized countries (G7) abstained from mentioning any measures to support the greenback or to stabilize exchange rates in their economic communique at the weekend summit in Naples, Italy.
Baby Abby Humphries was snatched from the maternity ward of Nottingham's Queen's Medical Centre on July 1, four hours after her birth, by a woman wearing a nurse's uniform who was filmed by the hospital's security cameras.
The former international defender, who stepped up from under 21 coach to replace Franz Beckenbauer after Germany won the 1990 World Cup, was given unequivocal backing by the president of the German federation, Egidius Braun.
The only error Vogts would admit to was in not dropping Bodo Illgner, the goalkeeper who announced his retirement on Sunday, after the first round match with South Korea.
But 24 hours after the defeat, Vogts' tone was one of sadness rather than anger.
Arafat bids farewell to Tunis to start a new life in Gaza by Hamida Ben Salah  TUNIS, July 11 (AFP)  PLO chairman Yasser Arafat bade farewell to Tunisia on Monday as he left the country heading back for good to the Gaza Strip to start a new life after 27 years in exile.
He recalled Arafat's arrival in Tunisia on September 3, 1982 after Israeli forces drove Arafat's guerrillas from Lebanon.
The PLO chairman on July 1 made a brief but triumphant return to Gaza and then Jericho after 27 years in exile in Jordan, Lebanon and Tunisia.
Redman declares himself "encouraged" after talks in Sarajevo  SARAJEVO, July 11 (AFP)  US special envoy to the former Yugoslavia Charles Redman on Monday declared himself "encouraged" following talks here with the Bosnian government leadership.
Two HAMAS militants killed by Israeli troops in siege  NABLUS, West Bank, July 11 (AFP)  Israeli soldiers killed two militants from the Islamic Resistance Movement HAMAS here on Monday after laying siege to their hideout for several hours, Palestinian and military sources said.
The officer, testifying in the trial of three young suspects arrested after the May 12 beating of a group of blacks, said he personally alerted police in this eastern German town on the eve of the incident.
The incident left six people injured and sparked a public outcry against police for failing to respond quickly and for releasing 50 suspects a day after they were arrested.
In 1993 China became Romania's second largest trading partner after Germany.
War erupted on May 5 after months of tension between rival northern and southern leaders on how to run Yemen, created when the former Marxist South and conservative North Yemen were merged in May 1990.
A UN-brokered peace agreement was signed in 1991, but the former Portuguese colony plunged back into civil war in late 1992 after UNITA refused to recognize its loss of elections held under the accord in September that year.
Kim, who was 82, died of a heart attack on Friday after leading the isolated Stalinist state since its foundation in 1948.
While goalscorers have been having a field day in the World Cup finals, team coaches have been driven to distraction by goalkeeping blunder after goalkeeping blunder.
The decision was taken on the advice of Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala, who resigned Sunday after losing a crucial parliamentary debate on his government's socio-economic and political annual programme.
The issue of whether elections should be held after the collapse of Koirala's turbulent administration, which came to power in May 1991, has split the ruling Nepal Congress (NC) party.
The 36 NC dissident MPs were among 43 who abstained from voting on Sunday, prompting Koirala to step down after being defeated.
The dissolution came after Bhatarai unsuccessfully tried Monday to negotiate with pro-Koirala MPs on the formation of a new government with their help.
Walk-out Burns in Celtic link  KILMARNOCK, Scotland, July 11 (AFP)  Tearful Tommy Burns was linked with Celtic here on Monday after quitting as manager of Kilmarnock.
A Tunisian delegation and some of Arafat's aides also boarded the plane after the send-off ceremony, which took place amid tight security.
Arafat set up headquarters in Tunisia in 1982 after Israeli forces drove his guerrillas from Lebanon.
RENAMO troops riot  MAPUTO, July 11 (AFP)  Some 200 former guerrilla soldiers of the Mozambican National Resistance (RENAMO) opposition Monday held over 50 vehicles including a United Nations police car after mounting a road block in central Manica Province, UN sources said.
The violence came less than a week after seven Italian sailors had their throats slit in an attack blamed on Moslem fundamentalists fighting to bring down the military-backed government.
The fundamentalists began their insurgency after the military cancelled the second-round of general elections in January 1992 which the Islamic Salvation Front had been poised to win.
Mirko Tremaglia, president of the Italian Senate foreign affairs committee, said after a meeting with Algerian Interior Minister Meziane Cherif that the two had confessed to the crime and identified their accomplices.
The government also pressed its campaign against the former administration, revoking the diplomatic passports of former ministers two months after banning them from overseas travel, the office of former premier Robert Malval said Monday.
Club chairman Martin Edwards refused to get involved in a race for the 21-year-old player's signature after Norwich said he was available at a British transfer record price -- but only if offers were made before Friday.
The attorney said Jackson, after arriving with Presley in a white minivan-type vehicle, was joined in his home by attorneys, a bodyguard and a woman carrying a baby.
Two youths held after rape victim survives burning  STRASBOURG, France, July 11 (AFP)  Two men are being held by police after a 25-year-old nurse was raped and set on fire, judicial officials said Monday.
Van der Bergh originally appeared before an Eastern Province disciplinary committee but no action was taken after a touchjudge claimed the stamping on Callard had been unintentional.
Fighting between members of the Krahn and Mandingo factions broke out last March, after the Krahns accused the Mandingoes of taking most of the posts allocated to the movement.
A cold, dry spring has kept the rough light and sparse, a reassuring development after 1986 when there were murmurings of legal action over wrist injuries sustained from hacking the ball, and leading players labelled some holes unplayable.
Owen, Stoltenberg arrive in Zagreb for peace talks  ZAGREB, July 11 (AFP)  Peace mediators Lord Owen and Thorvald Stoltenberg arrived in Zagreb Monday for talks with President Franjo Tudjman, after meeting his Serbian counterpart Slobodan Milosevic.
His move came just 48 hours after the ministry had resumed issuing export permits.
The referees for Sunday's final and the third-place play-off on Saturday will be announced after the semi-finals.
India, the world's most populous country after China, has more than 900 million people.
Following the boom in international adoptions of Romanian children immediately after the fall of the communist regime in December 1989, the Romanian government passed a law in July 1991 which makes it much more difficult for foreigners to adopt, giving priority to Romanian couples.
But the first phase of autonomy in the Gaza Strip and West Bank town of Jericho was launched in May after six months of negotiations -- four months longer than planned -- which also failed to clear up all details.
The new round coincided with PLO chairman Yasser Arafat's preparations to return for good to the Gaza Strip and Jericho after a triumphant visit there at the beginning of the month which ended 27 years in exile.
Soldiers jailed after tavern brawl  FREETOWN, July 11 (AFP)  Three Sierra Leonean soldiers were jailed Monday and a further two demoted after a beach bar brawl two weeks ago, military court officials said.
Speaking after the trial, a military spokesman told AFP: "What we want to ensure is a disciplined army that is ready to protect the people and not harm them."
    July 11 (AFP) - The 2100 GMT news advisory:     WASHINGTON:     The United States has received no assurances that                     North Korea will honor its commitments going into                     nuclear talks suspended after the death                     of President Kim Il-Sung, a US official says.
                    by Hassen Zenati     WASHINGTON:     The dollar resumes its slide a day after the                     Group of Seven leaders ended their summit meeting                     with no official comment on efforts to aid the                     ailing US currency.
Romania is the last stop of Li's three-country tour after Austria and Germany.
US has received no assurances of North Korean nuclear commitments by Karen Lowe  WASHINGTON, July 11 (AFP)  The United States has received no assurances that North Korea will honor its commitments going into nuclear talks that were suspended after the death of President Kim Il-Sung, a US official said Monday.
Talks began Friday after North Korea agreed to freeze its nuclear program and not to refuel a controversial nuclear reactor but were suspended at the end of the day when it was reported that Kim had died suddenly from a heart attack.
North Korea informed the United States Sunday that it planned to resume bilateral nuclear talks after the president's funeral scheduled for July 17 though an exact date has not been set, a senior US official said.
"I have obtained a certain number of assurances over a certain contingent from foreign countries, who I have been told are ready to arrive in Rwanda," Balladur told French television after earlier reporting to the United Nations in New York on the French-led Operation Turquoise mission.
Never again vows Thern after worst two hours of his life by Ron Wall  LOS ANGELES, July 11 (AFP)  Sweden captain Jonas Thern will play in the World Cup semi-final against Brazil on Wednesday after spending the worst two hours of his life watching his team-mates qualify against Romania.
Thern said he had been completely drained emotionally as he watched from the sidelines while Sweden played out a dramatic penalty shoot- out against Romania when their quarter-final in San Francisco finished 2-2 after extra-time.
Aden fell to northern troops on Thursday after a month-long siege which signalled the end to the civil war.
Defensive midfielder Stefan Schwarz, who had been shadowing Gheorghe Hagi, was sent off in the 102nd minute after receiving his second yellow card.
They were tied at 4-4 after five scheduled kicks, before Henrik Larsson sank the first sudden death penalty to the right of Florin Prunea.
Dollar falls to lowest point against German mark since 1992  NEW YORK, July 11 (AFP)  The dollar fell to its lowest level against the German mark here Monday since October 1992, a day after Group of Seven leaders ended a summit meeting with no official word on efforts to aid the greenback.
The vote count was suspended before it was completed after the country's electoral tribunal found irregularities had taken place at some polling stations and promised to investigate.
A study by the World Health Organisation showed the Chinese and the Spanish as being least susceptible to coronary diseases after a study covering 75,000 cardiac arrest cases monitored between 1985 and 1987.
The de facto government also pressed its campaign against the former government, revoking the diplomatic passports of former ministers two months after banning them from overseas travel, the office of former interim premier Robert Malval said Monday.
Clinton and his wife Hillary flew in from the US air base at Ramstein after a state banquet at Chancellor Helmut Kohl's private residence in Oggersheim, a suburb of the western industrial town of Ludwigshafen.
Kennedy on June 26, 1963, two years after the construction of the Berlin Wall.
The painter himself died in 1966 after spending much of his life in France.
The move came after the Conservative government announced it was accepting calls from the Labour opposition for the definition of rape in England and Wales to be changed to include non-consensual buggery.
Owen, of the European Union, made the remarks to the press after he and fellow mediator Thorvald Stoltenberg met with Croatian President Franjo Tudjman.
Baby Abbie was snatched on July 1, only four hours after her birth, from the maternity ward of Nottingham's Queen's Medical Centre by a woman wearing a nurse's uniform who was filmed by the hospital's security cameras.
She will spend 14 days on board the Mir station, after being chosen by the CNES and its Russian counterpart RKA and the NPO-Energia society, which runs Russian space missions.
FIFA imposed the ban after an off-the-ball incident in the quarter- final match on Saturday in Boston.
Nigeria constitutional conference resumes as fuel scarcity bites  LAGOS, July 12 (AFP)  Nigeria's constitutional conference resumed sitting Monday in Abuja after a 14-day break, as other unions threatened to join strike action by oil workers Tuesday if the government did not meet their demands.
The conference adjourned last June 28, a day after it was inaugurated in Abuja by General Sani Abacha, in the presence of his ruling junta, ministers, ambassadors, diplomats and top government officials.
Abiola, charged with treason last week at an Abuja Federal High Court, proclaimed himself president last month after he was widely believedto have won last year's presidential election which the military quickly annulled, alleging irregularities.
At Warri in the south, striking oil workers were sacked by management after they downed tools, the official News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reported earlier.
(picture) Police fire tear gas at demonstrators in Santiago  SANTIAGO, July 11 (AFP)  Police hurled tear gas canisters at demonstrators outside Chile's presidential palace late Monday after the first mass demonstration against President Eduardo Frei's economic policies.
The unrest broke out after protestors set up wooden barricades on one of the capital's main avenues, set them ablaze and then tried to move past police barriers in front of La Moneda palace.
The government also pressed its campaign against the former government, revoking the diplomatic passports of former ministers two months after banning them from overseas travel, the office of former interim premier Robert Malval said Monday.
Tassotti's international career in tatters after eight match ban  LOS ANGELES, July 11 (AFP)  Italian defender Mauro Tassotti was banned for eight matches and fined 20,000 Swiss francs (about 15,000 dollars) on Monday for breaking the nose of Spain's Luis Enrique.
FIFA also fined Sweden's Stefan Schwarz 3,000 Swiss francs after he received two yellow cards against Romania.
He arrived in Cairo late Monday from Tunis heading for the autonomous Strip, but there was little sign here of the euphoria which prevailed just 10 days ago when tens of thousands turned out to welcome him home after a 27-year exile.
Arafat is to take up his seat as head of the Palestinian Authority to run affairs in the new self-rule areas of Gaza and the West Bank town of Jericho after bidding farewell to Tunis where he lived for 12 years.
Ukraine awaits change as Kuchma takes the reins By Christopher Boian  KIEV, July 12 (AFP)  Leonid Kuchma offered soothing words to fellow Ukrainians Monday after his upset victory in Ukraine's presidential poll but uncertainty remained about whether his stewardship would herald drastic change.
Kuchma, 55, served as Kravchuk's prime minister in 1992 and 1993 and tried but failed to implement limited market-oriented reforms after leaving his job as director of the former Soviet Union's largest missile factory at Dniepropetrovsk.
"Ukraine will continue to follow both its foreign and domestic policy courses," Nikolai Mikhailchenko, a close aide to Kravchuk, told AFP after the result of Sunday's vote was announced officially.
The two sides signed a peace accord on October 4, 1992, after 16 years of civil war.
The scheme allows qualified people to register as full British citizens without having to leave the territory, and is viewed as an insurance policy allowing applicants to get to Britain if things become difficult after the handover.
China has so far refused to make clear whether Hong Kong residents with foreign passports would be allowed similar voting rights to those they now have after the handover.
Fullback Roberto Mussi, who missed Saturday's quarter final win over Spain because of the after effects of the exhausting 2nd round battle with Nigeria, and midfielder Demetrio Albertini, who limped off at half-time against Spain, have both recovered.
Even if Italy fail to book their place what their fans are hoping will be a replay of the classic 1970 final against Brazil, Dino Baggio will return to his new club Parma with a considerably enhanced reputation after his crucial goals against Norway and Spain.
Only brought into the side after Mozer was struck with a liver complaint.
Brought back after Brazil were humbled by Bolovia in a qualifying match in '93.
Said after the win with Russia that this was to be "Romario's World Cup."
Before the vital match against Argentina he announced it was now Buglaria's time to beat them after six previous failed attempts.
The 27-year- old who plays for Lerida in the Spanish second division after a spell with Deportivo La Coruna in the first division, is improving with each game.
Bulgaria's latest hero after his spectacular header sent Germany packing and most of Sofia taking to the streets in jubilation.
Plies his skills in Germany for SV Hamburg after moving from CSKA Sofia two years ago.
    Diego Maradona after Argentina beat Nigeria.
Later in the week Maradona was expelled from the tournament after he failed a dope test taken after the match.
Striker Hristo (Bulgaria for Christ) Stoitchkov after Bulgaria beat Greece 4-0 to record their first ever World Cup finals win in five appearances.
Striker Hristo Stoitchkov after Bulgaria beat Germany to go into the semi-finals.
Coach Dimitar Penev after Bulgaria's shock win over Germany in the quarter finals.
Former West German World Cup player and coach Franz Beckenbauer after being told his presence at the tournament was intimidating current coach Bertie Vogts.
FIFA general secretary Sepp Blatter after being asked what football's governing body was going to do to stop a repetition of the murder of Colombian defender Andres Escobar, who scored an own goal, on his return home.
(LOS ANGELES) "I heard this noise in my head that was like a train going through and all I thought was, like, 'Oh my God, I'm going to die right here.'" American Tab Ramos after he was knocked out by Brazil's Leonardo.
Nigerian Sunday Oliseh explaining why teammate Finidi George ran over to the corner flag after scoring, dropped on his knees, started barking and then lifted his leg.
Swiss referee Kurt Rothlisberger, one of the favourites expected to be awarded the final, after a disastrous performance in the Belgium- Germany match that saw him dropped from the list.
FIFA general secretary Sepp Blatter after Swiss referee Kurt Rothlisberger waved play-on.
Irish defender Paul McGrath after he caught Holland's Frank Rijkaard in the head as he tried to head the ball clear.
Back in Sweden with Helsingborgs IF after spell with Sheffield Wednesday in the English League.
Andersson joined Borussia Moenchengladbach in Germany from Blackburn Rovers last November after a year with the English club.
Considered by many the best Swedish player of his generation, the gifted midfielder organiser returns to the starting line-up after missing the quarter-finals with a knee injury suffered in the second round against Saudi Arabia.
Ingesson played on Sweden's 1990 World Cup team after making his international debut in 1989.
"I find it very easy to relax and concentrate on the game," said the 1.93m, 91kg striker, who follows coach Pierre Mankowski to French side Caen next season after leaving first division neighbours Lille.
The king had taken the decision on the advice of Prime Minister Koirala, who resigned Sunday after losing a crucial parliamentary debate on his government's annual socioeconomic and political programme.
The 36 NC dissident MPs were among 43 who abstained from voting on Sunday, prompting Koirala to step down after being defeated.
The NCP-UML claims to be the largest party in the 205-member house of representatives after the split of the Nepali Congress (NC) -- Nepal's largest democratic party.
South Africa looking for big win after New Zealand test loss  NEW PLYMOUTH, New Zealand, July 12 (AFP)  South Africa are looking for a convincing win here Wednesday to prove their rugby defeat by New Zealand was just a "hiccup", coach Ian McIntosh said Tuesday.
Bus slips of ferry, 29 dead, 11 missing  BEIJING, July 12 (AFP)  Twenty-nine people died and 11 were missing after a bus slid off a ferry and sank in the Yangtze River near the city of Yichang last week, the China Daily reported Tuesday.
About 10 minutes after the bus, carrying 74 people, boarded the ferry at Xiaoting quay it slipped off the front.
Meanwhile, a ranking official of the ruling Workers' Party was quoted in Tokyo as saying that North Korea will formally decide successor to the late president after his funeral on July 17.
Salomon chairman Deryck Maughan said after the opening Monday the Beijing office's main task would be helping state enterprises issue stocks and bonds overseas and arranging financing for public utility projects -- particularly power and transport infrastructure items, the China Daily said.
"We've finally found China after 84 years and we hope to be here for another 84 years," said Maughan.
"The focus is how to prevent the dollar's further decline," Finance Minister Masayoshi Takemura told a news conference after the US unit tumbled to a new low of 97.25 yen in Tokyo.
Takemura said it was "very regrettable" that the dollar weakened after the weekend summit of the Group of Seven (G7) in Naples and attributed the currency's latest weakness to its slide against the mark.
"The government could take some kind of action after studying the currency market's trend and its impact on the economy," he told reporters.
WWF sues Indian firm for "stealing" Panda logo  NEW DELHI, July 12 (AFP)  An Indian court has banned a company from using the panda as its trademark after the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) sued the firm saying it held a copyright on the popular logo.
Manager Saleh Abdel Naim told AFP that Arafat and his wife Suha were travelling by car to the Rafah border crossing where he made a triumphant return on July 1 after 27 years in exile.
China is already in the forefront of counterfeiting countries, after Italy, Turkey and South Korea, but Blanckaert expressed concern about similar trends in Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam.
The soldiers were arrested after stamping on communion wafers in St. Joseph's church at Remexio, south of Dili, on June 28.
The talks were set up after the Falklanders, known as Kelpers, announced that any oil found on their islands would be extracted by the local population exclusively.
Unity talks between UDF and AFORD collapsed a few days after the elections, forcing AFORD to turn to MCP.
Arafat arrives to small welcome  RAFAH, Gaza Strip, July 12 (AFP)  PLO chief Yasser Arafat returned Tuesday for good to Palestinian soil to run self-rule in the Gaza Strip and Jericho after spending most of his life in exile.
Arafat is to take up his seat as head of the Palestinian Authority to run affairs in the new self-rule areas of Gaza and the West Bank town of Jericho after bidding farewell to Tunis where he was based for 12 years.
The official news agency said unidentified assailants targetting a Sunni Moslem religious school hurled a bomb inside a mosque shortly after the dawn prayers.
The attackers fled after the incident.
(new series) Small welcome for Arafat on final return to Palestinian land by Nejla Sammakia  RAFAH, Gaza Strip, July 12 (AFP)  PLO chief Yasser Arafat returned Tuesday for good to Palestinian soil to run self-rule in the Gaza Strip and Jericho after spending most of his life in exile.
Arafat is to take up his seat as head of the Palestinian Authority to run daily affairs in the new self-rule areas of Gaza and the West Bank town of Jericho after bidding farewell to Tunis where he was based for 12 years.
Police arrest Indian diplomat day after India seizes Pakistani  ISLAMABAD, July 12 (AFP)  Pakistani security forces arrested an Indian diplomat on charges of espionage, foreign office officials said here Tuesday, a day after India said it had arrested a Pakistani official in a similar operation.
In New Delhi, officials said Indian intelligence agents on Monday detained a Pakistani high commission official, Muhammad Afzal Bajwa, after he allegedly bought secret defence documents from an Indian.
Rabin had refused to sign the amendment after it was unanimously approved by parliament's labour and social affairs committee in February.
North Korea wants meeting with South before summit  BEIJING, July 12 (AFP)  North Korea wants another meeting with South Korea before the two sides sit down to a summit delayed by the death of Kim Il-Sung, a Japanese international affairs specialist said here Tuesday after returning from Pyongyang.
Nakamaru, who visited Pyongyang from July 6 to July 12, also said that, according to Workers' Party officials, an "important meeting" of the party and parliament is to take place after Kim's funeral on July 17.
But this plan might lead to the emergence of Kim junior as an undisputed autocratic leader like his father, a scenario sought after by Kim-Kim sucession makers, but the least plausible one, considering Kim junior's lack of his father's political finesse, acumen and charisma.
North Korea and the United States agreed on Sunday in Geneva to resume high-level talks after July 17 funderal of Kim Il-Sung to discuss the nuclear issue and North Korea's break with diplomatic and economic isolation.
Pakistan, India clash over spy charges  ISLAMABAD, July 12 (AFP)  Pakistani security forces arrested an Indian diplomat for suspected espionage, foreign office officials said here Tuesday, a day after India said it had seized a Pakistani official in an identical operation.
In New Delhi Monday, officials said Indian intelligence agents had detained a Pakistani high commission official, Muhammad Afzal Bajwa, after he allegedly bought secret defence documents from an Indian.
A bundle of documents, received from his contact after payment of 3,000 rupees (100 dollars), was also seized, although the contact escaped, officials in Delhi said.
Tension was revived after Moslem separatists in the Indian- administered part of Kashmir launched an independence movement about five years ago.
Debate on these issues was continuing Tuesday after Shaath said the release of thousands of prisoners was a priority.
His call comes just a day after England's rugby chiefs launched an inquiry into violence during England's South African tour clash with Eastern Province, which saw two players sent off and another -- England full-back Jon Callard -- receive 25 stitches in a head gash.
England won the game 31-13 but Test flanker Tim Rodber was sent off for retaliation after a brawl with Eastern's Simon Tremain, who was also sent off.
Callard, who had only joined the tour as a replacement for the injured David Pears, was trampled on and England prop Rowntree was led off the field after being knocked out.
Van der Bergh originally appeared before an Eastern Province disciplinary committee but no action was taken after a touchjudge claimed the stamping on Callard had been unintentional.
Navy helps stranded yacht  JOHANNESBURG, July 12 (AFP)  The South African Navy was Tuesday assisting an American woman left stranded alone on a disabled yacht after her husband was swept overboard.
John Torpey was gored in the thigh and a 20-year-old Spaniard was in a "very serious" condition after being gored in the same race.
Orient House, officially the offices of the Palestinian delegation to the Middle East peace talks, is used by the PLO as a de facto headquarters in East Jerusalem, which Israel captured and annexed after the 1967 Middle East war.
Israel's latest broadside in the battle for Jerusalem, which both sides want as their capital, came after Canada's minister for public works, David Dingwall, visited Orient House on Monday.
The status of Jerusalem, which Israel claims as its united capital, is to be negotiated only after two years of Palestinian autonomy.
RENAMO mutineers hold hostages report MAPUTO, July 12 (AFP) - Some 200 Mozambican National Resistance (RENAMO) mutineers are holding 270 people hostage in central Manica province after blocking the main national highway Saturday, the government-owned Noticias daily reported Tuesday.
United Nations peacekeeping operation in Mozambique (UNOMOZ) sources in Maputo were Tuesday morning unable to give an update, after confirming to AFP Monday that RENAMO had set up a roadblock and vehicles up held.
"The party's over," Peres said on state radio just after the PLO leader arrived to settle down in Gaza City after 27 years in exile.
Leotard said that after Senegal, several other African countries had announced willingness to contribute to the Rwanda operation.
The US currency rose to 1.5315 marks in early London trading after crashing to 1.5235 marks in New York, its lowest level since October 1992, but remained below the previous closing price of 1.5380 marks.
He said the market was short of European currencies after large-scale selling in recent weeks, and that the European currencies could hold these levels at least until the end of the week.
At the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce economist Nick Parsons believed that a rise in US interest rates was "imminent" and might emerge after the publication of US inflation figures on Tuesday and Wednesday.
RAI's new board of directors appointed  ROME, June 12 (AFP)  The speakers of the Italian Senate and house of deputies on Tuesday appointed the new board of directors of Italy's public radio and television organisation, RAI, after the government forced the resignation of the old council in early July.
The meeting comes after talks in Geneva between Pyongyang and Washington on the nuclear issue were suspended after just one day Friday following news of the death of North Korean President Kim Il- Sung.
The talks had been launched after Pyongyang agreed during a visit last month to Pyongyang by former US president Jimmy Carter to freeze its nuclear programme and not to refuel a controversial nuclear reactor.
Pagel was banned for the rest of the season by the South African Rugby Football Union -- a ban of nine months -- after a match video was examined but that decision was overturned by a Cape Town court.
Arafat returns to build new life for Palestinians by Nejla Sammakia  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 12 (AFP)  PLO chief Yasser Arafat returned to Palestinian soil for good on Tuesday to face the daunting task of building a new life for his people after 27 years of Israeli occupation.
"He has just arrived, he needs to rest now," said Marwan Kanafani, Arafat's spokesman, after the Mercedes motorcade reached Gaza City.
Gazans were waiting to see if Arafat will get the new authority operating fully and start to improve living conditions after decades of neglect and more than six years of popular revolt against Israel.
Arafat drove up to Gaza City with little fuss after being greeting by a couple of hundred people, among them his police chief and justice "minister".
"We expect full compliance with the agreement by all parties," he told the press here after meeting Bosnia federation vice-president Ejup Ganic.
In Paris, the CAC 40 index was down by 0.57 percent to 1,938.54, after rising 0.29 percent at the opening.
They believe the rise is "imminent" and could come after the publication of US inflation figures on Tuesday and Wednesday.
Among those falling in London were Glaxo Holdings, down two pence to 561, after the US giant Eli Lilly had bought drugs distributor PCS Health Systems, which was believed to have been a target of Glaxo.
However, most food groups were higher after encouraging annual results from Tomkins on Monday.
In Paris, shares were lower after five consecutive days of rises as dealers took profits ahead of the long-weekend to celebrate the national holiday on July 14.
Three Greenpeace activists set free by Norwegian police  EGERSUND, Norway, July 12 (AFP)  Three Greenpeace activists detained by police in this southwestern city in a protest over whale hunting have been released after spending a day in jail, police said Tuesday.
Since then dozens have been killed in clashes between the rival groups of the party claiming to represent Urdu-speaking migrants from India and their descendants after the subcontinent was partitioned in 1947.
Deputy Commander Meir Tayar, who told the official inquiry into the slaughter he had orders not to shoot at Israelis, was sacked after an internal investigation.
No action was taken against two men who overslept, but a third, who refused to get up after being woken, is among those facing a disciplinary hearing.
It is set to re-open in the coming weeks after security work, including the installation of new surveillance cameras and separate entrances for Jews and Moslems.
In 1993 China became Romania's second largest trading partner after Germany.
South Korea to lift alert gradually: report  SEOUL, July 12 (AFP)  South Korea will ease its special military alert footing invoked by the death of North Korean President Kim Il-Sung, soon after his July 17 funeral, a press report said Tuesday.
South Korea declared a four-point alert shortly after North Korea's announcement Saturday on Kim Il-Sung's death, ordering all on-leave soldiers to return to their barracks and maintain round-the-clock vigilance.
British Army helicopter forced down by gunshots  BELFAST, July 12 (AFP)  A British Army helicopter was forced to land in a football field near the town of Newtownhamilton in County Armagh Tuesday after several gunshots were fired at it, the Royal Ulster Constabulary said.
"We expect full compliance with the agreement by all parties," he told the press here after meeting Bosnia federation vice-president Ejup Ganic.
Day after day, the party daily l'Humanite published petitions against German participation in the parade, next Thursday on July 14, but there have also been protests from the right.
Lee also stressed that Seoul could open fresh discussions on nuclear and other issues with North Korea' new leadership, buoyed by an agreement between Pyongyang and Washington Sunday in Geneva to resume high-level talks after the July 17 funeral of Kim Il-Sung.
The hint for revived talks came only a day after North Korea informed South Korea that it had to postpone the scheduled July 25-27 summit because of Kim Il-Sung's sudden death Friday.
The attack came after seven Italian sailors were murdered last week in Algeria.
Before the city fell on July 4, about 60 Tutsi fellow refugees fled the hotel after the RPF said they were going to shell it.
They all say they have lost at least one member of their family, killed by the Tutsis, since the conflict began in April after the death of president Juvenal Habyarimana, a Hutu, in a mysterious plane crash.
"The main duties of the presidential guard will be to look after Arafat's security," one official said.
Twenty-five years after first man on moon, NASA seeks former glory by Emmanuel Serot  WASHINGTON, July 12 (AFP)  NASA boasted great success in the 1960s and 1970s due in large part to US Cold War fever to upstage the Soviets.
Eight years after Kennedy's speech, 24 billion dollars and 11 manned flights later, NASA achieved its goal on July 20 1969 when the LEM ship and its two occupants Neil Armstrong and Edwin "Buzz" Aldrin landed on the moon on the Apollo 11 mission.
Relationships between the German soldiers and young Frenchwomen, a taboo subject in France after the war, also played an important role in contacts between occupier and occupied.
British Army helicopter comes under fire UPDATES  BELFAST, July 12 (AFP)  A British Army helicopter came under apparent mortar fire Tuesday after lifting off from the Newtownhamilton military base in South Armagh and was forced to land in a football field, police said.
She said the attack, shortly after noon, was "probably" by mortar, changing from earlier reports of gunshots.
Wholesale prices steady in US  WASHINGTON, July 12 (AFP)  US wholesale prices held steady in June after two consecutive monthly declines, the government reported Tuesday.
North Korea wants meeting with South before summit by Gilles Campion  BEIJING, July 12 (AFP)  North Korea wants another meeting with South Korea before the two sides sit down to a summit delayed by the death of Kim Il-Sung, a Japanese international affairs specialist said here Tuesday after a trip to Pyongyang.
According to the North Korean official, the meeting will take place at the border town of Panmunjom, soon after Kim's funeral on July 17, she added.
"They told me that after much effort the way is clear for dialogue with South Korea and the United States.
Nakamaru, who visited Pyongyang from July 6 to July 12, also said that, according to Workers' Party officials, an "important meeting" of the party and parliament will take place after Kim's funeral on July 17, to discuss the official succession following the death of the "Great Leader."
URGENT  BELFAST, July 12 (AFP)  A British Army helicopter was forced down in a football field Tuesday when it was hit by a mortar shell after lifting off from the Newtownhamilton military base in South Armagh, police said.
Mattel entered the right at the beginning of June after Hasbro launched a 46.9-million-pound hostile takeover bid for Spear.
Wholesale prices steady in US  WASHINGTON, July 12 (AFP)  US wholesale prices held steady in June after two consecutive monthly declines, the government reported Tuesday.
The Chosun report came as press reports said South Korea would ease its special military alert footing invoked by the death of the North Korean President soon after his July 17 funeral, a press report said Tuesday.
South Korea declared a four-point alert shortly after North Korea's announcement Saturday on Kim Il-Sung's death, ordering all on-leave soldiers to return to their barracks and maintain round-the-clock vigilance.
Parsons said he believed that a rise in US interest rates was "imminent" and might emerge after the publication of US inflation figures on Tuesday and Wednesday.
Kaunda reluctantly agreed to ushering in multi-party politics in Zambia, but even after his defeat had to be pressured into retiring by his own party, the iUnited National Independence Party (UNIP).
Under his rule, Zambia's economic and social hardships worsened, with ever-increasing shortages of food and basic necessities after the Kaunda government nationalised all industries, clamped stiff controls on the economy and alienated international financiers and aid donors.
The economic front has greatly improved after the reform-minded Chiluba government has implemented International Monetary Fund and World Bank-monitored economic adjustment policies.
Scott was found gassed in his car days after Kidger was killed.
Beregovoy became prime minister but committed suicide shortly after the socialists lost power in March 1993.
When impact sites rotate into view shortly after impact, Earthbound astronomers are hoping to see, at the very least, disturbed cloud patterns.
Celtic get their man at last  GLASGOW, Scotland, July 12 (AFP)  Celtic snapped up Tommy Burns as their new manager here on Wednesday after a bitter tug-of-war with rival Scottish Premier club Kilmarnock.
On Monday one Russian, one Ukrainian (eds correct), two Belarus nationals, two Yugoslavs, a Romanian and four Algerians died in three separate attacks at the hands of gunmen, three days after seven Italian sailors had their throats slit as they slept aboard their cargo ship.
The militants launched their campaign against government forces, secularists and pro-western democracy advocates after the military intervened in January 1992 and cancelled the second round of general elections the Islamic Salvation Front (FIS) was poised to win.
The pastor, who had converted from Islam to Christianity, was found murdered in a wood in western Tehran on July 5 after having been missing for two weeks.
The Philippines in 1992 restructured its commercial bank debts and the following year returned to the international bond market after a 10-year absence.
He gave the speech in front of the Brandenburg Gate after walking through the arch, which used to mark the division of the city and has now come to symbolise German unity.
Less than 24 hours after Rao's departure, Clinton announced a delegation would visit India within seven weeks, O'Leary said and added that almost every leading US business leader wanted to be part of her delegation.
"We expect full compliance with the agreement by all parties," he  told the press after meeting Bosnia federation vice-president Ejup Ganic.
(AFP)     BEIJING: North Korea wants another meeting with South Korea before the two  sides sit down to a summit delayed by the death of Kim Il-Sung, a Japanese  international affairs specialist said after a trip to Pyongyang.
(AFP)     GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip: PLO chief Yasser Arafat returned to Palestinian  soil for good to face the daunting task of building a new life for his people  after 27 years of Israeli occupation.
The 27-year-old Durand, who finished a lowly 121st in last year's race, notched France's first success in this year's race by joining the early breakaway after just 10km of the 160.5km run.
Francisco Cabello of Spain won in Brighton after a 180km escape, while the seventh stage was enlivened by a 180km solo ride from Italian Eros Poli which saw him forge a lead of 18-and-half minutes before he was caught.
Slaughter continues in Rwanda: UNHCR  GENEVA, July 12 (AFP)  Murders are continuing in Rwanda, a United Nations refugees agency spokeswoman said Tuesday after reporting the sighting of bodies floating in the Kagera river.
"In the last 10 days there have been 371 deaths in Tanzania's main refugee camp, most coming after a bout of diarrhoea.
Against the mark, the greenback was down at 1.5212, a low since October 1992, after falling to 1.5253 marks in New York late Monday.
Dealers said the currency fell after US producer prices remained unchanged in June from May, showing no hint of inflationary pressures, and thus reducing the chances of a rise in US interest rates.
Against the mark, the greenback was down at 1.5212, a low since October 1992, after falling to 1.5253 marks in New York late Monday.
Dealers said the currency fell after US producer prices remained unchanged in June from May, showing no hint of inflationary pressures, and thus reducing the chances of a rise in US interest rates.
Employees will get 55 percent of the parent company, UAL Corporation, under the plan, making it the second largest US worker-owned company, after Florida's Publix Supermarkets.
Stephen Wolf, the UAL Corporation's chairman, said at the beginning of the shareholders' meeting the buyout was approved after mail-in votes were tallied.
Indian intelligence officials alleged Monday they had seized a bundle of secret documents from Bajwa after he had paid 3,000 rupees (100 dollars) to his Indian contact, who managed to escape.
A strike by 11,000 employees of the domestic French airline Air Inter is expected to disrupt French air space over the next few days, after a third of flights were cancelled Tuesday.
India expels two Pakistanis in new spy war  NEW DELHI, July 12 (AFP)  India on Tuesday expelled a Pakistani diplomat and a Pakistani High Commission (embassy) official for alleged espionage, hours after Islamabad threw out an Indian diplomat on charges of spying.
Khokhar said Bajwa was brutally beaten by Indian agents after his detention.
Superphenix fast-breeder to resume as research reactor  PARIS, July 12 (AFP)  France's contested 8.4 billion dollar Superphenix fast-breeder nuclear reactor will be reopened this summer after a four-year shutdown, but only for research purposes, it was announced on Tuesday.
It was shut down in July, 1990, after a sodium fire.
Mitterrand, head of the human rights group France-Libertes, visited northern Iraq after the Kurdish rebellion against Baghdad in 1991 at the end of the Gulf War.
Some protesters later marched towards the Presidential Office and scuffled with military police after they were stopped by the officers.
The MPs passed the 112 billion Taiwan dollar (4.14 billion US) budget to construct Taiwan's fourth nuclear power plant after a day of noisy debate in which the opposition pounded on the tables and hurled documents across the chamber.
Some protesters later marched towards the Presidential Office, which is off-limits for demonstrations, and scuffled with military police after they were stopped.
                    Yemen-looting,lead                     500 words moved     CAIRO:          Israel and the PLO take the first                     cautious steps towards extending                     Palestinian self-rule, agreeing                     on an agenda for the talks after                     a two-day meeting here.
The bombings came a day after two tourists were injured at the Rhodes resort of Lindos when a home-made bomb went off near a beachside restaurant, the first such attacks against holiday sites in Greece.
Rhodes is the most popular Greek holiday destination after its sister Aegean island Corfu, currently hosting some 80,000 visitors.
Two adults died soon after being rushed to a nearby hospital, he added.
The government officer said the shell had been fired by Khmer Rouge guerrillas who also attacked Poipet Friday, one day after Phnom Penh outlawed the radical group.
N'Diaye, speaking after a four-day visit to the former Portuguese colony of East Timor, said he had warned the UN Human Rights Commission in Geneva last August of the threat of ethnic killings in Rwanda.
Cardin to launch Maxim's cigars  PARIS, July 12 (AFP)  French couturier Pierre Cardin will launch his own make of Havana cigar under the brand name Maxim's, called after the famous Paris restaurant owned by his group.
Shortly after he drove into Gaza City from the border crossing of Rafah, Arafat was greeted by a long line of Palestinian figures from the occupied West Bank.
Gazans were waiting to see if Arafat will get the new authority operating fully and start to improve living conditions after decades of neglect and more than six years of popular revolt against Israel.
The dollar loses almost four yen to 103.80 yen on February 14, the first trading day after the talks collapse.
- May 4: About 14 central banks intervene to prop up the greenback after it falls to 1.6323, the lowest level since October 1993.
N'Diaye, was speaking to reporters after a five-day visit to the former Portuguese colony.
He said media reports of a second massacre directly after the first would also be investigated.
He will leave Jakarta on Wednesday after meeting the foreign and justice ministers.
The OIC mission returned here Monday after talks with Rabbani in Kabul, during which nine rockets rocked the venue of the meeting.
Saleh also minimised the damage to the southern city of Aden which fell to northern troops on Thursday after a month-long siege.
Dollar crashes to record low after neutral US figures  LONDON, July 12 (AFP)  The dollar crashed to a new post-World War II low price against the yen of 96.72 yen, at 1430 GMT here on Tuesday, falling through the previous record of 97.05 yen recorded in New York late on Monday, dealers said.
Slightly later, against the mark, the greenback was down at 1.5175, a low since October 1992, after falling to 1.5253 marks in New York late on Monday.
Dealers said the currency had fallen after US producer prices remained unchanged in June from May, showing no hint of inflationary pressures, and thus reducing the chances of a rise in US interest rates.
in heavy industry, such as the weapons industry," Murdiono said after Slovak Prime Minister Jozef Moravcik held talks with President Suharto.
"Furthermore, after the elected autonomy council is installed Israeli forces should stage a second retreat from (West Bank) roads and suburbs, to be redeployed in certain sites agreed by the two parties," Shaath said.
The talks came as PLO chief Yasser Arafat returned to the Gaza Strip for good after a 27-year exile to head the new self-rule authority.
Employees will get 55 percent of the parent company, UAL Corporation, under the plan, making it the second largest US worker-owned company after Florida's Publix Supermarkets.
Stephen Wolf, the UAL Corporation's chairman, said at the beginning of the shareholders' meeting the buyout was approved after mail-in votes were tallied.
Italy to cut back diplomatic mission in Algeria after murders  ROME, July 12 (AFP)  Italy will reduce staff at its diplomatic missions in Algeria and step up security after last week's murder of seven Italian sailors, a senior official said Tuesday.
Israel holds at least 200 non-Palestinian Arabs, ex-inmate says  BEIRUT, July 12 (AFP)  At least 200 non-Palestinian Arabs, including 70 Lebanese, are detained in Israel, a former prisoner who was released last week after an 11-year detention has said.
The Italians are furious that video evidence was used to condemn Tassotti but not taken into account when Gianfranco Zola was given a two match ban after being mistakenly sent off against Nigeria.
We will try to put this incident behind us and deal with it after the World Cup."
Still, says Leon Panetta, the budget director recently named White House chief of staff, if health care reform is not adopted, the United States will have a serious deficit problem again after 1999.
UN chief sees "larger role for Germany" after court decision on troops  UNITED NATIONS, July 12 (AFP)  UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali welcomed Tuesday the German Constitutional Court's decision to allow German forces to take part in operations outside Germany and the NATO arena.
He said: "I had a funny feeling after I won the US Open and it felt just like another tournament, but three weeks later it has sunk in and I have a good feeling.
It would be quite something to win this one after the US Open."
Questions about the strength of the Anglo-US relationship arose anew Tuesday after Germany's Constitutional Court ruled that the German armed forces could operate anywhere in the world.
High-flying feline found in jet's cargo bay after 12 days  NEW YORK, July 12 (AFP)  A frantic cat owner whose pet accidentally spent 12 days in the belly of a Tower Air-747 was elated Tuesday when the missing feline turned up alive and well.
A frantic Timmel took the cat's plight to the national media, trying to ground the jet for a full search after previous efforts to find it failed.
Dollar stronger in New York trading  NEW YORK, July 12 (AFP)  The dollar fell further in New York after gaining some ground earlier, as the US currency slumped to its lowest level against the yen since 1945 in London.
Li Peng leaves Romania for home  BUCHAREST, July 12 (AFP)  Chinese Premier Li Peng left here for home Tuesday after a two-week tour of Austria, Germany and Romania during which pro-democracy demonstrators forced him to alter his schedule.
Vogts' remarks came after Germany were eliminated by Bulgaria in the quarter-finals.
"From a spectator's point of view it's great that they've knocked off one giant after another.
(AFP) Growing money Not ones to waste any money-making opportunity, World Cup organisers in New York are planning to sell the Giants Stadium turf on Thursday, the day after the Italy v Bulgaria semi-final.
Arafat committed to human rights, says Ashrawi  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 12 (AFP)  Yasser Arafat is committed to human rights, former Palestinian spokeswoman Hanan Ashrawi said on Tuesday after meeting the PLO chairman here.
The Italians are furious that video evidence was used to condemn Tassotti but not taken into account when Gianfranco Zola was given a two match ban after being mistakenly sent off against Nigeria.
The bombings came a day after a Greek and an Italian tourist were more seriously injured at the Rhodes resort of Lindos when a home-made bomb went off near a beachside restaurant, the first such attacks against holiday sites in Greece.
Speaking after Monday's bomb, Greek Public Order Minister Stelios Papathemelis said "a non-Greek organisation" was responsible.
Rhodes is the most popular Greek holiday destination after its sister Aegean island Corfu, currently hosting some 80,000 visitors.
But the decision, announced by spokesman Arrie Oberholzer after a 'trial-by-video', finally cleared the player.
A British helicopter carrying 15 soldiers and policemen was forced to make a crash landing in County Armagh, south Ulster, after being hit by a mortar shell in an attack which had the hallmarks of the Irish Republican Army.
But the wife of one of the missing, charge d'affaires Mohsen Mussawi, said after the meeting that she was "determined to find out their fate and to get them released."
He later told police he had hijacked the plane because he feared persecution in Mozambique after taking part in riots there.
Winner three times in the past seven years, Faldo had his crown stolen by Greg Norman after a fantastic record-breaking championship at Sandwich, England last July and has since watched Paul Azinger, Jose Maria Olazabal and Ernie Els become major winners.
Hudson's chanceless half-century saw his side close on 99 without loss in 23 overs, after Durham had made an unimpressive 228.
Clinton visits New Synagogue in Berlin  BERLIN, July 12 (AFP)  US President Bill Clinton made a symbolic visit to Berlin's New Synagogue Tuesday to underline the risks of growing racism in Europe, after delivering a keynote address at the nearby Brandenburg Gate.
The Yi'ud party, which has three deputies in the parliament, split from the extremist Tzomet party led by Raphael Eytan several months ago after a dispute about handling party finances.
Speaking to journalists after talks along with his French counterpart Alain Juppe and Croatian President Franjo Tudjman, Hurd warned about the unleashing of fierce new fighting in former Yugoslavia.
He missed AC Milan's European Champions' Cup win over Barcelona after he got sent off in the semi-final against Monaco.
They held 380 inmates each until 1987 and 1992 when they lost their prison-ship role after proving too pricey as their long, narrow passages turned out to be too difficult to monitor and more guards had to be hired.
A day earlier Koirala was forced to resign after his government lost a crucial parliamentary vote on its annual socio-economic and political programme.
The Labour leadership contest, which comes after the death of party leader John Smith, will conclude on July 21, following complex voting procedures involving unions and party members in the constituencies in addition to the party's members of parliament.
                    Yemen-looting,lead                     500 words moved     CAIRO:          Israel and the PLO take the first                     cautious steps towards extending                     Palestinian self-rule, agreeing                     on an agenda for the talks after                     a two-day meeting here.
The suspects were arrested Sunday in the town on the German border after the 25-year-old woman gave police a description of her assailants before being taken to hospital with burns over 60 percent of her body.
Gharib hijacked the Boeing 737 and had it under his control for almost 13 hours after it left Tunis for Amsterdam.
Shortly after the aircraft made an emergency stop in Dusseldorf, he freed the 131 passengers on board and some of its crew.
Day after day, the communist party daily l'Humanite published petitions against German participation in the parade, but there have also been protests from the right.
The United Nations this week announced the resumption of humanitarian flights, suspended two months ago after UNITA refused to guarantee their safe passage, across the whole of Angola.
Democratic Senator Tom Harkin from Iowa said that even after the last military budget cuts, the US forces maintain "a seven to 10 times advantage in ground combat capability" against potential adversaries such as North Korea or Iraq.
Among the advancers, Motorola shot up by 5-1/2 to 50-1/4 after announcing profits of 63 cents a share in the second quarter against 40 cents for the same period last year.
Dollar finishes higher except against the yen  NEW YORK, July 12 (AFP)  The dollar gained ground against other major currencies except against the yen in trading Tuesday after sliding for five days straight.
The dollar took a brief dip after the US government reported that June's wholesale prices remained unchanged, dampening hopes that the Federal Reserve would raise interest rates.
Leotard said that after Senegal, several other African countries had announced willingness to contribute to the Rwanda operation.
He stressed that collective resignation of the outgoing government, presented earlier Tuesday after Prime Minister Viacheslav Kebich presented his own on Monday, would become effective only after a parliamentary vote, also scheduled for July 20.
Colombia irked by perceived DEA snub  BOGOTA, July 12 (AFP)  Colombian officials were up in arms Tuesday after the US Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) cancelled a Washington meeting with Bogota's national police chief, amid mounting bilateral tensions over drug policy.
British press welcomes cautiously Germany's role after Clinton speech  LONDON, July 13 (AFP)  Germany's US links and enhanced European role find cautious approval in the British press Wednesday, after US President Bill Clinton's visit to Berlin where he voiced strong support for a more assertive Germany.
In an editorial, it referred back to the speech of US Secretary of State James Baker in Berlin in December 1989, a month after the wall was breached.
"Yet nearly five years after Mr Baker spoke, work on building this new (transatlantic) community has hardly begun.
Midfielder Rai, dropped as captain after the 1-1 first round draw with Sweden, stays on the substitutes bench.
The US president ended his tour in Germany after meetings with German Chancellor Helmut Kohl and headed home to deal with growing problems.
The incident  occurred when, after two weeks of a walkout to demand pay hikes, the workers  blocked a highway in the El Progreso, home to the Tela Railroad Company banana  plantation, a subsidiary of the US multinational United Brands.
He practised today," he said after a closed- doors training session.
That means that Rai, their captain who was dropped after the 1-1 first round draw with Sweden, stays on the substitutes bench while Mazinho bolsters the defence.
Italy face Bulgaria in an intriguing semi-final in New York where Hristo Stoichkov will be trying to add to his collection of scalps after finishing off Argentina and Germany.
Whichever team wins will become only the third country to reach the final after losing their opening match.
West Germany reached the 1982 final after losing 2-1 to Algeria in their first match and Argentina battled through to the 1990 final after starting with a 1-0 defeat against Cameroon.
Under Taipei's proposal, Tang and Shu would have met from Saturday to discuss overall bilateral ties between the long-time rivals, both of which have claimed to be China's legitimate government since the nationalists fled to Taiwan in 1949 after losing a civil war to the communists.
Australia was the third country, after the United States and the former Soviet Union, to launch a satellite from its own territory with the launch of the Australian built WRESAT satellite in 1967.
Lu assures foreign investor interest will be protected after 1997  HONG KONG, July 13 (AFP)  A senior Chinese official has assured foreign investors in Hong Kong of legal protection and residency rights after China's takeover of the territory in 1997, a report said Wednesday.
in Beijing Tuesday that China welcomed foreign investors to continue businesses in Hong Kong after 1997.
"Such a situation will be changed after 1997," said Lu, saying any nationality could gain Hong Kong permanent residency if they have lived in the territory for seven years.
Montreal outfielder Marquis Grissom, whose only two all-star berths have come in relief of injured starters, belted a homer down the right field line to put the NL ahead 5-4 after six innings.
Grissom this year replaced Len Dykstra, out after an apendectomy.
Bonds threw his bat into the dugout after a third-inning strikeout.
North Korea to contact US in New York after Kim's funeral  TOKYO, July 13 (AFP)  North Korea confirmed Wednesday it would contact US officials in New York after President Kim Il-Sung's funeral on Sunday to decide when to resume bilateral high-level nuclear talks.
"It was agreed to designate the date of the resumption of the talks through the New York channel of contact between the sides after the mourning period," the official North Korean news agency said in a brief dispatch.
The long-pending third round of the talks began Friday after North Korea agreed to freeze its nuclear program and not to refuel a nuclear reactor.
But it was suspended after Kim's death was announced at noon Saturday Korea time.
China was asked to help after the Marine Rescue Control Centre in Russia's Vladivostok told its British colony counterpart early Wednesday that the 27 crew members had abandoned ship.
Colombia irked by perceived DEA snub  BOGOTA, July 13 (AFP)  Colombian officials were up in arms Tuesday after the US Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) cancelled a Washington meeting with Bogota's national police chief, amid mounting bilateral tensions over drug policy.
Montreal outfielder Marquis Grissom, named an all-star only as an injury replacement, belted a homer down the right field line to put the NL ahead 5-4 after six innings.
The AL's feared starting batters went hitless for four innings after sending home a first-inning run.
Israel expels PLO men who entered Gaza illegally with Arafat: report  JERUSALEM, July 13 (AFP)  Israel threw out overnight several Palestinians, including some suspected of staging a murderous raid in 1974, after they entered the Gaza Strip with PLO chairman Yasser Arafat on Tuesday, state radio reported.
Military officials told the radio that Israeli agents recognized the suspects several hours after they arrived in Gaza City where Arafat has taken up residence.
(PITTSBURGH) McGriff, who has 23 homers and 63 runs batted in this season, is nicknamed "Crime Dog" after a US television canine cartoon detective named McGruff.
Israel expels PLO men who slipped into Gaza with Arafat: report  JERUSALEM, July 13 (AFP)  Israel threw out overnight 13 Palestinians, including some suspected of staging a murderous raid in 1974, after they entered the Gaza Strip with PLO chairman Yasser Arafat, state radio reported.
Military officials told the radio that Israeli agents recognized the illegals only after they entered the Gaza Strip where Arafat has taken up residence.
Emergency ramp inflates after Clinton's plane lands  WASHINGTON, July 13 (AFP)  The front-door emergency ramp of presidential jet Air Force One inflated accidentally after President Bill Clinton landed here late Tuesday, forcing him to use the center door, officials said.
The US president ended his tour in Germany after meetings with German Chancellor Helmut Kohl and headed home to deal with growing problems.
Mandela played down fears over his health when talking to reporters after meeting British Trade and Industry Secretary Micheal Heseltine on Sunday, saying it would be a "simple operation."
(picture) Chinese premier returns from European tour  BEIJING, July 13 (AFP)  Chinese Premier Li Peng returned here Wednesday after a two-week European tour that garnered billions of dollars in economic contracts but was marred by human rights demonstrations.
Passengers crowd railway stations as bus strike continues  DHAKA, July 13 (AFP)  Thousands of people Wednesday crowded rail stations or were stranded after a bus strike hitting 16 Bangladeshi districts entered its third day, transport officials said.
Nepal's king dissolved parliament Monday on advice from Koirala, who resigned Sunday after losing a crucial parliamentary debate on his government's annual socioeconomic and political programme.
Vietnam to take back control of air space in December  HANOI, July 13 (AFP)  Vietnam is to take control of air traffic over the southern part of the country in December after spending hundreds of millions of dollars upgrading radar and radio equipment, a report said Wednesday.
Israel and Jordan signed a detailed agenda for treaty negotiations on June 7 reportedly after a series of secret meetings in London.
Pakistan ordered out a second Indian diplomat Tuesday, just hours after India announced the expulsion of a second Pakistani embassy official.
Twagiramungu, president of the main opposition party, the Republican Democratic Movement (MDR), fled Rwanda on April 7, the day after President Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a suspect  air crash.
Israel expels PLO men who slipped in secretly with Arafat  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 13 (AFP)  Israel expelled Wednesday four PLO militants suspected of planning a murderous raid in 1974 after PLO chairman Yasser Arafat brought them to Gaza hidden in his motorcade, officials said.
Military officials told the radio that Israeli agents recognized them only after they entered the Gaza Strip where Arafat has taken up residence.
The Rafah border post, where senior PLO officials were expected to cross into Gaza legally later Wednesday, was re-opened before midday after being shut for several hours.
The Springboks had been hoping to show an improvement after last Saturday's first Test defeat, especially in the area of discipline.
The first came with a simple penalty following yet another case of Springbok failure to back off after an earlier one.
A total of 19 people were killed, more than 60 injured and 11 missing after the storm attacked Taiwan Sunday.
The residents were earlier reported missing after the landslide.
Meanwhile, prosecutors launched a crackdown on campus wall posters praising Kim Il-Sung after detaining 55 radical leaders in a raid Tuesday in a university campus.
Also Wednesday, North Korea officially confirmed that it had agreed with the United States to meet in New York to discuss resuming high- level nuclear talks after Kim Il-Sung's funeral.
"The two sides have agreed to set the date for resuming the talks at the New York contact after the mourning periods ends," KCNA said in a report monitored here.
The 70 or so protestors who spent the night at the baricades they set up Saturday agreed to leave after negotiating with police, the spokesman said.
Police moved in after local authorities decided to forbid any meetings near the Gorleben nuclear waste centre until waste from the nuclear plant at Philippsburg had been delivered.
Simple as that," CBS Chairman Laurence Tisch told The New York Times after Comcast announced its bid.
Girl dies setting fire to herself over arranged marriage  TEHRAN, July 13 (AFP)  An Iranian teenager died after setting herself on fire to protest family plans to make her marry a 40-year-old man with two wives, newspapers said here Wednesday.
The 14-year-old girl died in the hospital from serious burns after the incident in the central Iranian village of Katch-Boland-Bahmai, they said.
Arusha accord needs "thorough review": Twagiramungu  DAR ES SALAAM, July 13 (AFP)  Rwanda's prospective premier Faustin Twagiramungu said the accord signed last year on Rwanda's future needs a "thorough review" after the recent killings in the country, reports here said Wednesday.
However, the EU heads of state and government may hesitate to appoint another Luxemburger to the top job at the commission so soon after Gaston Thorn held the post just prior to Delors from 1981 to 1984.
Last year, the then defending champions were knocked out in the first round in Australia after some stars complained it would wreck their ATP Tour schedule to travel Down Under in March.
Mandela played down fears over his health when talking to reporters after meeting British Trade and Industry Secretary Micheal Heseltine on Sunday, saying it would be a "simple operation."
    July 13 (AFP) - The 1000 GMT news agenda:                     Duty editor: Claire Rosemberg                     Tel Paris (33-1) 40.41.46.36     SEOUL:          North Korean radio leaves no doubt that                     that Kim Il-Sung's eldest son is taking over                     power, in what some analysts see as an apparent                     move to stave off speculation of possible                     discord after Kim's death.
                    Yugo-Bosnia-talks,lead                     500 words around 1030 GMT                     by Francis Curta     GAZA CITY,     Gaza Strip:     Israel expels four PLO militants                     suspected of planning a murderous                     raid in 1974 after PLO chairman                     Yasser Arafat brought them to                     Gaza hidden in his motorcade                     Arafat-Gaza-expel,3rdlead,                     500 words around 1015 GMT                     by Sakher Abu Eloun     ADEN,     Yemen:          A week after Aden was captured and the                     war stopped, residents are fighting                     a daily battle for food and water                     Yemen-water                     500 words around 1130 GMT     KIGALI:         Would-be future premier Faustin Twagiramungu                     due to start talks on forming a new Rwandan                     government as his main backers, the rebel                     Rwandan Patriotic Front, issues fresh call for                     French troops to leave the country.
                    Nigeria                     500 ewords around 1130 GMT                     by Ade Obesisan     ATHENS:         Greece rushes police reinforcements to its                     Aegean island of Rhodes after eight Greeks                     and foreigners are injured in three attacks.
Israel expels PLO men who slipped in secretly with Arafat by Sakher Abu Eloun  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 13 (AFP)  Israel expelled Wednesday four Palestinian militants suspected of planning a raid which left 18 children dead after PLO chairman Yasser Arafat brought them to Gaza hidden in his motorcade.
Military officials told the radio that Israeli agents recognized them only after they entered the Gaza Strip where Arafat has taken up residence.
The Rafah border post, where senior PLO officials were expected to cross into Gaza legally later Wednesday, was re-opened before midday after being shut for several hours.
The price of shares in the British Airports Authority rose 12 pence to 940 after the release of passenger traffic statistics showing a 9.1 percent rise in June compared to the figure a year earlier.
HSBC Holdings rose nine pence to 675 and Cable and Wireless rose five pence to 409 after gains on Hong Kong stock exchange.
Redland rose six pence to 521 and RMC rose six pence to 916 after the Bundesbank cut the German securities repurchasing rate (repo) to 4.91 percent.
The comments in the official Iraqi press monitored in Dubai came almost a week after forces loyal to Yemen's northern-based government won a two-month civil war with the capture of the southern stronghold of Aden.
The ruling Baath Party newspaper Ath-Thawra said the northern "victory, despite plotting by Riyadh and Kuwait City, strengthens the rebirth of the Arabs demonstrated by the Iraqi people's heroic resistance to the international embargo" imposed after the 1990 invasion of Kuwait.
Dollar rallied on apparent ceasefire  LONDON, July 13 (AFP)  The dollar rallies on an apparent ceasefire by dealers early on Wednesday and was being traded at the firmest levels recorded overnight in Asia, after plumbing record low points in Europe on Tuesday.
He believed the current lull could be the first sign of a turnaround for the dollar, after figures, which "after all have been excellent for the US economy for the past few days.
The mark continued to fall against the other European currencies to 3.4280 French francs from 3.4335 at the Tuesday close and to 989.50 lire from 991.50 after the Bundesbank announced a cut of two basis points to 4.91 percent in its repurchasing rate (repo).
Twenty pursued after bloody Taiwan nuclear protest  TAIPEI, July 13 (AFP)  Authorities here are seeking 20 anti-nuclear activists alleged to have hurled petrol bombs and attacked riot-control officers with spiked poles during a wild and bloody protest, police said Wednesday.
Barker, 75, a longtime associate of Singapore patriach Lee Kuan Yew, filed for defamation after the IHT published a May 3 letter commenting on Singapore's tough vandalism law highlighted by the recent caning of an American teenager.
The American teenager, Michael Fay, returned home last month after receiving four strokes of the cane and serving a short prison term for spray-painting cars, pelting cars with eggs and keeping stolen road signs.
Most of those returning, after obtaining foreign passports, were aged between 30 and 39, and more than 50 percent had post-secondary or higher education qualifications.
The five chapter Detailed Regulations on the Implementation of the State Security Law of the People's Republic of China took effect Tuesday after being passed in May and signed by Premier Li Peng on the symbolic date of June 4 -- the fifth anniversary of the Tiananmen massacre.
Marcos and her children are facing dozens of criminal and civil suits stemming from their alleged raiding of the national treasury during her husband's 20-year-rule which ended with their flight to Hawaiian exile in 1986 after a popular revolt.
Mandela doing well after "complicated" cataract surgery  JOHANNESBURG, July 13 (AFP)  President Nelson Mandela was recovering well Wednesday from a cataract operation to his left eye that turned out to be more complicated than first expected, the surgeon who conducted the operation said.
Reporters at the private Morningside Clinic, in a northern Johannesburg suburb, spotted the president's estranged wife, Winnie Mandela in the hospital corridors after the two-and-a-half-hour operation.
Mandela had played down fears over his health when talking to reporters after meeting British Trade and Industry Secretary Michael Heseltine on Sunday, saying it would be a "simple operation."
Before flying to Kigali Wednesday, Twagiramungu said the Rwandan peace accord signed in the northern Tanzanian town of Arusha last year needs a "thorough review" after the recent killings in the country, reports here said Wednesday.
However, after the killing of up to half-a-million people in Rwanda since April, the accord needs "a thorough review to accommodate recent developments," he said.
The RPF now controls two-thirds of the central African country, including its two main towns, Kigali and Butare, after a three-month offensive against government army troops and pro-government militias.
The Sachsenhausen concentration camp sufferd an arson attack in 1992 just after a visit by Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin.
"We believe that this document is viable because it serves the interests of all CIS nations including Uzbekistan," Uzbek Foreign Minister Saidmukhtar Saidkasimov said after signing the accord.
Wendlinger toys with Formula One comeback  INNSBRUCK, Austria, July 13 (AFP)  Austrian racing driver Karl Wendlinger, who spent two weeks in a coma after crashing in practice for the Monaco Grand Prix in May, could yet return to Formula One.
Antonio Quila, an ADB manager for the private sector and the forum's organiser, told AFP after the meeting.
Police reinforcements rushed to Rhodes after bomb attacks by Catherine Boitard  ATHENS, July 13 (AFP)  The Greek government rushed about 100 members of a crack police unit to the popular Aegean resort island of Rhodes Wednesday after three bomb attacks this week in which eight Greeks and foreigners were hurt.
Speaking after two blasts went off at short intervals Tuesday, the first near a discotheque and the second near a hotel, Papathemelis said "a non-Greek organisation" was responsible.
The island is Greece's most popular holiday destination after the Adriatic island of Corfu and in July alone has seen an influx of about 80,000 visitors.
German and French tour operators told AFP they had received no cancellations after the blasts.
A first homemade bomb injured an Italian and a Greek after exploding in a rubbish-bin near a beachside restaurant at the resort of Lindos Monday.
Press reports said the Greek embassy in Turkey received a letter on June 26 merely signed "the Turkish people" threatening reprisals against Athens after Ankara accused the Greek government of helping train separatist Kurdish guerrillas from Turkey.
Relations soured further earlier this month after a Turkish diplomat was slain by gunmen in Ankara on July 4.
At the main Al-Jumhuriya hospitals all surgery has stopped, after thieves stole medical equipment and drugs and also because of the constant power cuts, doctors said.
Food is also scarce after looters seized stocks collected by the southern authorities during the month-long siege and ransacked warehouses belonging to private traders in the port area.
But the trade in bottled water has become one of the most lucrative with the city still desperately short of fresh supplies after northern troops destroyed its only pumping station.
Malaysia to turn away Cambodia's Prince Chakrapong  KUALA LUMPUR, July 13 (AFP)  Prince Norodom Chakrapong, who fled to Malaysia after allegedly leading a coup attempt in Cambodia, will be asked to leave Kuala Lumpur for a third country, Malaysian Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim said Wednesday.
"Prince Chakrapong will leave the country at the appropriate time after getting an agreement from a third country," Malaysia's deputy premier Anwar Ibrahim told reporters.
Chakrapong, half-brother and political arch-rival of Cambodia's co- premier Prince Norodom Ranariddh, fled to Malaysia on July 3 after the abortive coup.
"But we have reviewed the situation after getting notice from the Cambodian government."
The white space suits, each costing 300,000 dollars, performed well: on only one occasion, Aldrin was forced to modify the thermal control after complaining about the cold.
At 1600 GMT, "Eagle" lifted off as planned after 12 hours on the moon and rejoins the Service Module.
Rosy growth prospects for British economy open up by Heather Prentice  LONDON, July 13 (AFP)  Prospects for the British economy looked rosy on Wednesday after a batch of statistics showed falling unemployment, underlying inflation at its lowest point for 25 years, and stable average earnings, analysts said.
Hurd, Juppe take on Serbs after Sarajevo supports peace plan by Francis Curta  SARAJEVO, July 13 (AFP)  Foreign ministers from Britain and France left this Bosnian city on Wednesday to talk peace with Bosnian Serbs after winning a a commitment from the Bosnian government to back the Geneva peace plan to end 27 months of war.
But after the Lebanese government came to believe the antiques might have been taken out of Lebanon illegally and claimed the collection as its nation's property, the tribunal stepped in to prevent the sale.
The reshuffle at the head of the secret services came after the appointment Tuesday of a new board of directors at Italy's public radio and television organisation RAI.
Further appointments are expected to be made in the next few days, notably the nomination of a new director of Italy's most important public industrial group, IRI, after the resignation of Romano Prodi.
Abiola's election was voided after the military shelved the results.
Already some parts of Lagos, including the wealthy Ikoyi residential and business area, have been using electricity generators since late Tuesday after the public electricity supplies were cut.
Zayeck was machine-gunned to death by LF militiamen after he failed to join ranks with Geagea following a split in the militia.
In 1991 it formed a political party which the authorities accused of fomenting religious strife and finally outlawed in March after the church bombing.
Finn wins world fly-killing championship  PELKOSENNIEMI, Finland, July 13 (AFP)  Kari Uusitalo of Finland became the  world fly-killing champion after a gripping finish in the competition held in northern Finland.
Tuesday, the department said that wholesale prices for June had been unchanged after two consecutive months of declines.
Israeli helicopters carried out reconnaissance flights over the region after the attack while ground forces and SLA militiamen pounded villages just north of the zone with artillery fire, police in south Lebanon said.
BAT shares rose 13 pence to 423 after the announcement.
Tuesday, the department said that wholesale prices for June had been unchanged after two consecutive months of declines.
However, the EU heads of state and government might be reluctant to appoint another Luxemburger to head the commission so soon after Gaston Thorn held the post just prior to Delors from 1981 to 1984.
Karadzic demands international recognition for Serb territory  SARAJEVO, July 13 (AFP)  Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic on Wednesday demanded international recognition for the territory he controls in Bosnia, after talks on a peace plan with the British and French foreign ministers.
Karadzic was speaking after 90 minutes of talks with French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe and British Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd who had earlier also held discussions in Sarajevo with Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic on the proposed peace plan for Bosnia.
The service for Tedhis Mikhailian was held in an evangelical church in the Iranian capital after the pastor's body was taken to the Christian cemetery in southwestern Tehran for burial.
Skuhravy heads for Leeds  LEEDS, England, July 13 (AFP)  Czech international striker Tomas Skuhravy is ready to join English Premiership club Leeds United after agreeing terms on Wednesday.
The increase was in line with what analysts had been expecting and comes a day after the department reported no change in wholesale prices for June, indicating that inflation was subdued.
Angola plunged back into its 17-year civil war in late 1992 after UNITA rejected the results of UN-organised elections which it lost.
Dollar slips against major currencies except yen  NEW YORK, July 13 (AFP)  The dollar edged down in early quiet trading Wednesday after the government reported that US consumer prices climbed 0.3 percent in June.
(picture) Frolicking tigers front Seoul newspapers  SEOUL, July 13 (AFP)  Photographs of frolicking tigers, snapped at the Seoul zoo, were splashed over the front pages of South Korea's national dailies after a press clampdown here Wednesday.
The clampdown came after a weekend of television viewing of scenes of grief and mourning in the Stalinist North for the late president Kim.
The Ghanaian striker had joined the French first division club after helping Olympique Marseille to win the European Cup in May 1993.
The decision came after cable operator Comcast Corporation bested CBS's 2.2 billion dollar offer with a 2.2 billion dollar counter-offer that came to about 44 dollars per share.
(AFP)     GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip: Israel expelled four Palestinian militants,  suspected of planning a 1974 raid which left 18 children dead, after PLO  chairman Yasser Arafat brought them to Gaza hidden in his motorcade.
(AFP)     ATHENS: The Greek government rushed about 100 members of a crack police  unit to the popular Aegean resort island of Rhodes after three bomb attacks  this week in which eight Greeks and foreigners were hurt.
Wendlinger can't wait to get back  INNSBRUCK, Austria, July 13 (AFP)  Austrian racing driver Karl Wendlinger wants to return to Formula One despite two weeks in a coma after crashing in practice for the Monaco Grand Prix in May.
He would not say whether the two tenders were part of a tit-for-tat arrangement, but added after the lunch: "The decisions will probably be taken at the same time."
The Dow Jones index of 30 blue chips gained 18.46 points (0.5 percent) to hit 3,721.12 shortly after the opening bell.
Analysts are continuing to follow media share prices after television network CBS Incorporated announced it was giving up its bid for the home shopping network QVC Incorporated when cable operator Comcast came in with a higher offer.
The decision came after cable operator Comcast Corporation bested CBS's 2 billion dollar (eds: correct) offer with a 2.2 billion dollar counter-offer that came to about 44 dollars per share.
Karadzic was speaking after 90 minutes of talks with French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe and British Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd who had earlier also held discussions in Sarajevo with Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic on the proposed peace plan for Bosnia.
Abiola was last charged last week with "treasonable felony" after in mid-June he declared the military government illegitimate and pronounced himself head of state.
Ukraine, which became the world's third nuclear power after gaining independence from the Soviet Union in 1991, has been dragging its feet on signing the treaty.
The German narrowly avoided disqualification -- he was briefly shown the black flag -- after failing to stop immediately for the five second stop-and-go penalty given for the outlawed manoueuvre.
Top model's bust for French town halls  PARIS, July 13 (AFP)  Busts of former French top model Ines de la Fressange will soon decorate town halls throughout the country after Australian artist Mark Stuard sculpted the beauty.
That had not deterred the balding Cesena-born Pantani, who became famous overnight after taking over five minutes off Indurain and eventual winner Evgeni Berzin of Russia in two stages in the Italian Dolomites during the Giro.
Earlier prologue Chris Boardman, as expected, quit the tour0 after around 100km of the stage.
                    Haiti-UN,lead                     500 words around 1700 GMT     NEW YORK:       CBS television network abandons plans to buy                     the home shopping network QVC after a cable                     operator thwarts the deal with a last-minute                     counter-offer.
Neighborhood mob kills hapless driver  MIAMI, July 13 (AFP)  A mob beat and then shot and killed a driver after he accidentally hit a six-year-old girl and then stopped to check on her, police said.
The mob fled the scene after killing Bell, police said.
On the bond market, interest rates on the benchmark 30-year Treasury bonds remained unchanged at 7.68 percent from Tuesday, when it dropped after the government announced that wholesale prices for June was unchanged.
Fifteen of Nacorda's fellow hostages had been massacred and 21 others were freed after ransom was paid.
One of the first actions of the government of Prime Minister Jean Chretien, after it was sworn in last November, was to cancel a multi- billion dollar deal switching operations of the nation's biggest airport -- Toronto's Lester Pearson -- to a consortium led by supporters of former prime minister Brian Mulroney.
Ukraine, which became the world's third nuclear power after gaining independence from the Soviet Union in 1991, has been dragging its feet on signing the treaty.
French military aircraft makes emergency landing at Accra  ACCRA, July 13 (AFP)  A Hercules aircraft involved in the French-led humanitarian mission in Rwanda made a forced landing at Accra after one of its engines failed while in Ghanaian airspace, aviation authorities here said Wednesday.
The Hercules C-130 military transport plane landed on Tuesday, military and civil aviation sources confirmed, after developing problems in one of its two engines while just over Ghanaian territory.
(AFP) Chip of the old block Bulgarian goalkeeper Boris Mikhailov said his father, Bisser, was weeping when they talked by telephone after Bulgaria's quarter-final upset of Germany.
Brazil heads the red card record  (LOS ANGELES) The sending off of Leonardo after he elbowed America's Tab Ramos in the Brazil-US second round showdown gave the three time champions the unchallenged record in World Cup finals expulsions.
(AFP) Taking his medicine Swedish defender Stefan Schwarz was banned for Wednesday's semi-final against Brazil after receiving two bookings in the quarter-finals, but he wasn't complaining.
Dealers were waiting for publication of the finance bill and said that the rally was the result of technical factors after two weeks of weakness in the market.
French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur had called for representatives of the German resistance to attend the July 14 national day parade down the Champs Elysees after President Francois Mitterrand invited soldiers of the European multinational force Eurocorps, including German troops, to take part.
French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur had called for representatives of the German resistance to attend the July 14 national day parade down the Champs Elysees after President Francois Mitterrand invited soldiers of the European multinational force Eurocorps, including German troops, to take part.
As a young officer, von Kleist took part in an attempted putsch on July 20 after it was believed Hitler had been killed.
Of the 7,000 arrested after the plot, 5,000 were executed.
In Federal Germany, the soldiers who tried to kill Hitler are considered as the main resistance fighters although they acted only ten years after the Nazis took power and when the regime appeared doomed.
Israel expels PLO men who slipped in secretly with Arafat by Sakher Abu Eloun  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 13 (AFP)  Israel ordered the expulsion Wednesday of four Palestinian militants suspected of planning a raid which left 18 children dead after PLO chairman Yasser Arafat brought them to Gaza hidden in his motorcade.
Military officials told the radio that Israeli agents recognized them only after they entered the Gaza Strip where Arafat has taken up residence.
"Maybe, he'll tell you what it is after he has won on Sunday," said Nicklaus.
But Armscor chief executive Tielman de Waal said the deals during the 1980-1989 war accounted for less than one percent of total arms sales and all dealings with Saddam Hussein were halted "100 percent" after the United Nations imposed sanctions on Iraq following its invasion of Kuwait.
The U.N. Security Council voted on May 25 to repeal its resolutions prohibiting the sale to and purchase of weapons from South Africa after the April elections ended more than 300 years of white minority rule.
Serbs seized the land in the war that broke out in 1991 between Croatia and Serb-dominated Yugoslavia after Zagreb declared independence.
The decision came after cable operator Comcast Corporation bested CBS's 2 billion dollar offer with a 2.2 billion dollar counter-offer that came to about 44 dollars per share.
The 29-year-old PSV Eindhoven player has signed a two-year contract after a week-long trial at the club.
O'Donnell was remanded for hearing in a week after pleading innocent to the killings of Imelda Riney, a 27-year-old Dublin-born artist, her three-year-old son Liam and Joseph Walsh, a 37-year-old Catholic priest.
O'Donnell was arrested several days after discovery of the bodies when he allegedly took an 18-year-old woman and 66-year-old man hostage, offenses with which he was charged earlier.
But after completing his third practice round for the British Open, which starts Thursday, Price said: "Something has been happening.
Price spoke here on Wednesday after he and Open favourite Greg Norman had been soundly beaten in a four-ball by old hands, Jack Nicklaus and Tom Watson.
The 24-year-old Italian, who hit the headlines with a shock second place in the Tour of Italy, went on the offensive after a five-man breakaway was hunted down after 120km on their own.
Indurain has often been accused of killing the sport with his unspectacular riding, after winning the 1992 and 1993 tours by winning the solo rides against the clock and then defending his leads in the mountains.
The Italian, nicknamed El Diablo for his wayward attacking style and Pantani's teammate, began the day with stomach pains and had to be encouraged to the finish by his teammates after an attack of vomitting.
Earlier prologue winner Chris Boardman, as expected, quit the tour after around 100km of the stage.
They signed a detailed agenda for treaty negotiations on June 7 reportedly after a series of secret meetings in London.
Smith, 61, lost out to Ray Illingworth for the chairman's role but agreed to manage the trip Down Under after carrying out the role in the West Indies last winter.
"We have got to bring an end to this," President Bill Clinton said Tuesday after the United Nations reluctantly agreed to withdraw the team.
Weekly earnings in the United States in June declined one percent after rising 0.5 percent in May, marking the first drop since February.
The Labor Department's figures came a day after the Federal Reserve reported consumer credit jumped 10.4 billion dollars in May -- the 14th consecutive month according to revised calculation methods.
The England under-21 striker, who will cost the successful club a British transfer record, will announce his decision on Friday after discussing terms.
The king made the decision on the advice of Koirala who resigned Sunday after he lost a crucial parliamentary debate on his government's annual socio-economic and political programme.
Ugandan rebels release captured Italian aid worker  KAMPALA, July 13 (AFP)  Italian relief worker Stafani Pizzi has been freed by religious fanatic rebels operating in northern Uganda after being held hostage for three days, it was learnt here on Wednesday.
The LRA has recently stepped up operations against government forces in northern Uganda after several months of lull, attacking government establishments, burning down several schools and killing a number of people.
Burmese massacre suspect dies in jungle: official radio  BANGKOK, July 13 (AFP)  A rebel Burmese authorities suspected of involvement in the massacre of 61 people, Khun Sit Sanja, died after a clash with troops near the Thai border, Radio Rangoon reported late Wednesday.
Sit Sanja, a close associate of drug warlord Khun Sa, died in hospital while receiving treatment after being wounded during a week-long skirmish with Burmese soldiers, the state-run radio said in a dispatch monitored here.
Military officials told the radio that Israeli agents recognized them only after they entered the Gaza Strip where Arafat has taken up residence.
The 16-volume report also faulted the pilots of the F-15 fighters, which shot down two US Army Blackhawk helicopters on April 14, for failing to visually identify the helicopters after they did not receive signals from transmitters which identify friendly aircraft.
Twenty men, five women and six children were picked up by the Cuban Navy and Coast Guard shortly after the boat sank about 10 kilometers (seven miles) from the coast, the radio said in its midday news report.
The ministers traveled to the former Yugoslavia to press the warring factions to accept the plan, presented as an ultimatum for them to make peace or face reprisals from the international community after 27 months of the worst fighting in Europe since World War II.
Harding's ex-husband jailed  PORTLAND, Michigan, July 13 (AFP)  The former husband of American skater Tonya Harding was jailed for two years here on Wednesday for his part on the attack on skater Nancy Kerrigan, Jeff Gillooly, accused of being the ringleader of the attack which forced Kerrigan out of the US championships after she was hit on the leg by an iron bar on January 6, was also fined 100,000 dollars.
Tonya Harding, Kerrigan's skating rival who went on to win the national championships, also took part in the games after denying accusations she had been involved in the affair.
She was later banned for life by the American figure skating federation after admitting she obstructed the course of justice.
The wife of the former Rwandan president, Agathe Habyarimana, arrived in Paris, with a visa, after her husband's death.
In a report to the UN Security Council, Ekeus said that all weapons of mass destruction revealed by Iraq had been dismantled by the UN team shortly after the Gulf War ended in 1991.
"The commission now believes that it has a credible accounting for all of Iraq's missiles with a range greater than 150 kilometers and that such missiles remaining in Iraq after the termination of hostilities have been destroyed," the report said.
The city was pillaged after northern troops captured it last Thursday, ending two months of civil war between forces loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh and those of breakaway southern leader Ali Salem al- Baid.
Most of the YSP leaders fled to neighbouring countries after the southern collapse.
In a statement issued after a three-day congress in Sanaa some 300 Yemeni Moslem leaders called for an amendment to the constitution to make Islamic Sharia law "the sole source of legislation" in the country.
Before his subsequently delayed flight to Kigali, Twagiramungu said the Rwandan peace accord signed in the northern Tanzanian town of Arusha last year needs a "thorough review" after the recent killings in the country, reports here said Wednesday.
However, after the killing of up to half-a-million people in Rwanda since April, the accord needs "a thorough review to accommodate recent developments," he said.
"I realize, of course, that an apology coming from me now rings hollow, but I was sorry after the act and I am sorry now," Gillooly said of the attack aimed at disabling Kerrigan to allow Harding a better chance at the US championships and make the Olympic team.
Harding, who has since split with Gillooly, won the championship but was stripped of the title and banned for life by the US Figure Skating Association after admitting to obstructing justice.
Kostadinov forced Gianluca Pagliuca into the first save of the match after 10 minutes when Maldini's foul on Nasko Sirakov gave Bulgaria a free-kick.
Woman dies four days after being abducted, raped and burned  METZ, France, July 13 (AFP)  A nurse who was abducted, raped and burned last week died Tuesday, hospital officials said.
reopens (NEW YORK) Roberto Baggio struck again five minutes later after Demetrio Albertini chipped over the Bulgarian defence.
                    Ukraine-nuclear,2ndlead                     600 words moved     NEW YORK:       CBS television network abandons plans to buy                     the home shopping network QVC after a cable                     operator thwarts the deal with a last-minute                     counter-offer.
Earlier Wednesday three other Palestinian militants left Gaza after Israel had ordered their expulsion.
Military officials told the radio that Israeli agents recognized them only after they entered the Gaza Strip where Arafat has taken up residence.
The observers left after expressing regret they would be unable to investigate the latest reported outrage, the death of 12 young Haitians allegedly gunned down trying to free the country.
The constant trickle of Haitians seeking refuge on US shores swelled to a mass exodus after US President Bill Clinton ended the policy of immediately repatriating would-be refugees picked up at sea.
"We have got to bring an end to this," President Bill Clinton said Tuesday after the United Nations reluctantly agreed to withdraw the human rights team.
Ukraine, which became the world's third nuclear power after gaining independence from the Soviet Union in 1991, has been dragging its feet on signing the treaty.
French minister to abolish police "spy" unit  PARIS, July 13 (AFP)  Interior Minister Charles Pasqua said Wednesday he plans to reform Parisian police surveillance services and abolish the department charged with monitoring political parties, after the section was criticised last month for eavesdropping on a Socialist Party meeting.
Krassimir Balakov sent Stoichkov chasing after a long ball down the left but the striker could only cross behind the goal.
French referee Joel Quiniou showed Emil Kostadinov the yellow card in the 52nd minute for taking a dive in the penalty area after Stoichkov's pass gave him little chance.
Dollar up, gold slides  NEW YORK, July 13 (AFP)  The dollar rose against other major currencies Wednesday, continuing to benefit from cover buying after several weeks of decline.
Telecommunications dominated the session as CBS television backed out of plans to buy QVC after cable operator Comcast made a higher bid.
He struck again five minutes later after Demetrio Albertini chipped over the Bulgarian defence.
Though the 1993 World footballer of the year came off after 70 minutes with a leg knock, his clinical finishing made him man-of-the-match.
He scored the best goal of the 1990 tournament against Czechoslovakia but was controversially not picked for the semi-finals when Italy lost to Argentina after a penalty shoot-out.
LOS ANGELES, California, July 13 (AFP)  World Cup goalscorers after Italy's 2-1 victory over Bulgaria on Wednesday.
FIFA said the Disciplinary Committee decided to take action against Tassotti after receiving an official report on the match.
Stoichkov hits out at French referee  NEW YORK, July 13 (AFP)  Bulgaria striker Hristo Stoichkov hit out at French referee Joel Quiniou after their 2-1 World Cup semi-final defeat to Italy here Wednesday.
Just when you thought it was safe, fugitive alligator resurfaces  DORMAGEN, Germany, July 13 (AFP)  A fugitive pet alligator that forced the evacuation of a popular lake, was shot three times after eluding police for days and given up for dead has resurfaced.
Even after he was shot, authorities did not want to reopen the lake until the corpse was found.
(NEW YORK) With Dino Baggio and Demetrio Albertini winning everything in the midfield, the Bulgarian defence was bombarded with wave after wave of dark blue attacks.
Stoichkov blasts French referee  NEW YORK, July 13 (AFP)  Bulgaria striker Hristo Stoichkov hit out at French referee Joel Quiniou after their 2-1 World Cup semi-final defeat to Italy here on Wednesday.
Former minister for foreign affairs, Georgs Andrejevs, one of five such accused, resigned early last month after admitting he had links with the KGB.
Other drivers were forced to move out of the way after her chauffeur clamped a magnetic light to the Jaguar's roof and sped off down the clogged-up M4 motorway to Heathrow airport, said the paper.
Meanwhile, the Times Thursday reports that the princess is likely to meet publicly her estranged husband for the first time since his controversial confession of adultery after it became clear their marriage had broken down, in a television interview broadcast last month.
Brazil puts the pressure on Sweden  LOS ANGELES, July 13 (AFP)  Brazil were the first to attack after a slow start in their semi-final match against Sweden here on Wednesday.
The sixth session of the committee to date at this coastal resort in northwest Tunisia ended after debating two documents aimed at fixing for the next 10 years the parameters of a new regional order.
The European Union is the second largest market for Asian exports after the United States with a 27 per cent share worth 128 billion ecus.
Swedish captain Jonas Thern, just back into the side after injury, was sent off in the 62nd minute after he fouled his opposite number Dunga with a vicious late tackle.
Sweden had been reduced to 10 men after captain Jonas Thern was sent off in the 62nd minute for a vicious foul on Brazilian captain Dunga.
Scotland Yard said police were called after staff and shoppers expressed concern.
Catherine Bailey has long dark hair in common with a woman depicted in a video outside the Queen's Medical Centre in Nottingham, central England, from where Abbie was snatched only four hours after her birth on July 1, by a woman wearing nurse's uniform.
But it had been a fustrating match for the tens of thousands of Brazilian fans as Brazil squandered chance after chance against a side reduced to 10 men in the second half when Colombian referee Jose Torres sent off Sweden's captain Jonas Thern for a foul on Dunga.
Right from the kick-off Brazil laid siege to Ravelli's goal but squandered chance after chance when it looked easier to score than miss.
LOS ANGELES, California, July 13 (AFP)  World Cup goalscorers after Wednesday's matches: 6: Oleg Salenko (Russia), Hristo Stoichkov (Bulgaria) 5: Roberto Baggio (Italy), Jurgen Klinsmann (Germany), Romario (Brazil) 4: Kennet Andersson (Sweden), Gabriel Batistuta (Argentina), Martin Dahlin (Sweden), Florin Raducioiu (Romania) 3: Bebeto (Brazil), Dennis Bergkamp (Holland), Jose Luis Caminero (Spain), Gheorghe Hagi (Romania) 2: Philippe Albert (Belgium), Fuad Amin Anwar (S Arabia), Daniel Amokachi (Nigeria), Emmanuel Amunike (Nigeria), Dino Baggio (Italy), Georges Bregy (Switzerland), Tomas Brolin (Sweden), Claudio Caniggia (Argentina), Ilie Dumitrescu (Romania), Luis Garcia (Mexico), Andoni Goikoetxea (Spain), Hong Myung-Bo (South Korea), Wim Jonk (Holland), Yordan Letchkov (Bulgaria), Adolfo Valencia (Colombia), Rudi Voller (Germany) 1: John Aldridge (Ireland), Sami Al Jaber (S Arabia), Abel Balbo (Argentina), Aitor Begiristain (Spain), Daniel Borimirov (Bulgaria), Branco (Brazil), Mohamed Chaouch (Morocco), Stephane Chapuisat (Switzerland), Marc Degryse (Belgium), David Embe (Cameroon), Luis Enrique (Spain), George Finidi (Nigeria), Alberto Garcia Aspe (Mexico), Herman Gaviria (Colombia), Fahad Al Ghesheyan (Saudi Arabia), Josep Guardiola (Spain), Fernando Hierro (Spain), Ray Houghton (Republic of Ireland), Hwang Sun-hong (South Korea), Adrian Knup (Switzerland), Roger Ljung (Sweden), Harold Lozano (Colombia), Diego Maradona (Argentina), Lothar Mathaus (Germany), Roger Milla (Cameroon), Hassan Nader (Morocco), Francois Omam-Biyik (Cameroon), Saeed Owairan (Saudi Arabia), Dan Petrescu (Romania), Dimitri Radchenko (Russia), Rai (Brazil), Kjetil Rekdal (Norway), Karlheinz Riedle (Germany), Brian Roy (Holland), Julio Salinas (Spain), Erwin Sanchez (Bolivia), Marcio Santos (Brazil), Seo Jung-Won (South Korea), Samson Siasia (Nigeria), Nasko Sirakov (Bulgaria), Ernie Stewart (USA), Alain Sutter (Switzerland), Gaston Taument (Holland), Aron Winter (Holland), Eric Wynalda (USA), Rashidi Yekini (Nigeria) Own goal: Andres Escobar (Colombia) bdb94 
The observers left after expressing regret they would be unable to investigate the latest reported outrage, the death of 12 young Haitians allegedly gunned down trying to free the country.
Romario now has a chance to capture the World Cup title, after failing miserably in his other ambition this year as Barcelona lost to AC Milan in the European Champions Cup final.
New Zealand poised for early elections after ex-finance minister quits by Michael Field  WELLINGTON, July 14 (AFP)  New Zealand Thursday faced the prospect of a sudden general election after MP Ruth Richardson, the former finance minister, quit politics, creating a hung parliament.
Richardson, who was deeply unpopular last year after a series of tough welfare cutting budgets, only narrowly won her seat over a strong Labour candidate.
"Brazil are back after 24 years.
Baggio, whose place in the team was in doubt after his disappointing first round display, now has five goals in his last three games and everyone of them has been crucial.
(NEW YORK) "I'm used to not giving in," said Baggio, who was told as a teenager he would never play football again after a horrendous knee injury.
The signal that this was to be their maestro's day unleashed wave after wave of Italian attack that could easily have yielded two more goals before Baggio notched his second.
Five minutes after Baggio's opener Albertini's chip caught the back four square.
Costacurta's absence could pave the way for a dramatic return of Franco Baresi, who had keyhole knee surgery after the first round match against Norway but is now close to full fitness.
Old-fashioned header puts Brazil into final by Ron Wall  LOS ANGELES, July 13 (AFP)  Sweden could only muster three shots on goal but after 80 minutes of non-stop attack Brazil were forced to use the old-fashioned far post header to reach the World Cup final.
Ukraine, which became the world's  third nuclear power after gaining independence from the Soviet Union in 1991,  has been dragging its feet on signing the treaty aimed at curbing nuclear  weapons production and distribution.
World Cup statistics  LOS ANGELES, California, July 13 (AFP)  World Cup statistics after the semi-finals: Attendances First round: Group A: 497,541 (average 82,924).
Average per match: 2.58 Second round: 25 (average 3.12) Quarter-finals: 15 (average 3.75) Semi-finals: 4 (average 2) Biggest win: Russia 6 Cameroon 1 (Group B) Top-scoring team: Sweden 11, Brazil 11 Best defence: Brazil 3 goals Leading scorer: Oleg Salenko (Russia) 6 Best individual performance: Salenko 5 v Cameroon (World Cup record) Penalties: 15 (all converted) Red and yellow cards after second round Sendings-off: 15.
Two students were arrested, but others fled after inflicting minior damage to the eight police stations.
Sweden coach Tommy Svensson acknowledged Brazil were easily the better side but after 80 minutes of non-stop attack Brazil were forced into an old-fashioned far post header to win.
Baggio scored two goals in five minutes in the first half as Italy beat Bulgaria who kept the suspense going when Stoichkov converted a penalty after Nasko Sirakov was brought down.
If they win the trophy a fourth time, they would become the first side to do so after losing their opening match.
"The principle that we are going to hold North-South summit talks is still valid," deputy Prime Minister Lee Hong-Koo said through his spokesman, after chairing a top-level security meeting here.
Kim died July 8 after suffering a heart attack.
Baggio, whose place in the team was in doubt after his disappointing first round display, now has five goals in his last three games and every one of them has been crucial.
"I'm used to not giving in," said Baggio, who was told as a teenager he would never play football again after a horrendous knee injury.
UN, OAS monitors expelled from Haiti arrive in Guadeloupe  POINTE-A-PITRE, July 14 (AFP)  A UN-OAS mission to Haiti arrived here late Wednesday on an Air France flight after being expelled by Haiti's military rulers.
Suspension jinx strikes Costacurta again by Robert Smith  LOS ANGELES, July 13 (AFP)  Key Italian defender Alessandro Costacurta was inconsolable Wednesday after being banned from Sunday's World Cup final with Brazil.
The rugged AC Milan central defender received his second yellow card in Italy's 2-1 semi-final win over Bulgaria in New York and will miss out on the final at the Rose Bowl here after being present in all of Italy's six lead-up games.
"Certainly, he was very upset after the game," said Italian captain Paolo Maldini.
Baresi is rated a slight chance of playing in the final after undergoing keyhole surgery on cartilage damage in his right knee, injured against Norway in New York late last month.
The report came a day after Israel expelled four PLO men suspected of planning a raid which left 18 children dead and 70 wounded at a village near Lebanon in 1974.
Abed Rabbo was now expected to arrive in Gaza Thursday afternoon after the Israelis announced he could return.
Shortly after the Wednesday incident, East Timor Vice Governor Brigadier General Johannes Haribowo went to the campus in an attempt to calm the students.
SKorean military alert eased slightly  SEOUL, July 14 (AFP)  The military alert called in South Korea after the death of North Korean President Kim Il-Sung was eased slightly Thursday, the defence ministry said.
All military leave was cancelled and troops ordered to report to barracks Saturday when Kim's death was first reported, and the ministry has said standby will remain in effect until after Kim's funeral on July 17.
"They haven't been given maps, and every 48 hours Israeli gunboats tow them out, warn them and after a second warning, sink their boats or confiscate them."
North-South Korean Cold War resumes after brief truce by C.
Lim  SEOUL, July 14 (AFP)  The Cold War resumed Thursday between South and North Korea after a six-day truce over the sudden death of North Korean President Kim Il- Sung.
"The principle that we are going to hold North-South summit talks is still valid," Deputy Prime Minister Lee Hong-Koo said through his spokesman, after chairing a top-level security meeting here.
Former Australian state premier convicted of fraud  PERTH, Australia, July 14 (AFP)  Former West Australian state premier Brian Burke is facing a possible jail sentence after being found guilty of four fraud charges.
The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 selected issues in the first section increased by 177.63 points, or by 0.9 percent, to 20,718.04 points after rising 139.93 points the previous day.
Brokers said consumer-related issues were popular throughout the day in hopes of recovery in individual spending after last month's income tax cuts.
Four security guards were also arrested after Colosio was shot and killed at a political rally, but they were all released later.
LTTE ideologue Balasingam said they had not closed the door to peace talks but would wait until after the general election, and the presidential election due in November, to start negotiations.
The parade began at 10:00 a.m. shortly after French President Francois Mitterrand's arrived with Prime Minister Edouard Balladur and various other French and international politicians, including German Chancelor Helmut Kohl and prime ministers Felipe Gonzalez of Spain, Jean-Luc Dehaene of Belgium and Jacques Santer of Luxembourgh.
Export wholesale prices had fallen by 0.4 percent in June after having risen by 0.2 percent in May.
Dealers were waiting either for a sharp rise in US interest rates, after the 0.3 percent increase in the consumer price index recorded on Wednesday, or concerted central bank intervention.
Rominger says he's finished  LOURDES HAUTACAM, France, July 14 (AFP)  The 1994 Tour de France looked destined for Miguel Indurain on Thursday, after his only rival, Toni Rominger, admitted he was finished.
The Scottish supermarket chain William Low rose by 58 pence to 277 after Tesco had launched a friendly takeover bid worth 154 million pounds (231 million dollars).
Would-be premier arrives in Kigali  KIGALI, July 14 (AFP)  Rwandan would-be prime minister Faustin Twagiramungu arrived here Thursday, three months after fleeing the country at the outbreak of the civil war, to set up a government of national unity.
He is the leader of the main opposition Republican Democratic Movement (MDR) and fled the country after the death of president Juvenal Habyarimana, a Hutu, who died April 6 in a suspicious plane crash.
The RPF advance had sparked a fresh flood of refugees into neighbouring Zaire, with tens of thousands of people, mainly women and small children, arriving at this Zairean border town shortly after dawn.
Twagiramungu, speaking after his arrival in Kigali, said there would be "no negotiations, only consultations," with the RPF and the four other political parties which signed the Arusha accords in August 1993.
President of the main opposition party, the Republican Democratic Movement (MDR), Twagiramungu fled Rwanda on April 7, the day after Habyarimana was killed in a suspicious air crash.
French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur had called for representatives of the German resistance to attend the July 14 national day parade after Mitterrand invited soldiers of the Eurocorps, including German troops, to take part.
The report came as Rwandan would-be prime minister Faustin Twagiramungu arrived in Kigali Thursday, three months after fleeing the country at the outbreak of the civil war, to set up a government of national unity.
He is the leader of the main opposition Republican Democratic Movement (MDR) and fled the country after the death of president Juvenal Habyarimana, a Hutu, who died April 6 in a suspicious plane crash.
The declaration came a day after Israel ordered out four Palestinian militants Arafat smuggled into the Gaza Strip when he returned to settle in the autonomous area on Tuesday.
"If the Croat-Moslem party, backed by the international community and after a lifting of the arms embargo, decides to continue the war, the Serb people in the Serb Republic will be prepared to forcefully defend their right to survival," said an SDS statement cited by Tanjug news agency.
The class of 1994, named Abu Jihad after the PLO's number two who was gunned down six years ago by Israelis, paraded up and down to military music watched by thousands.
But there is little real enthusiasm for Santer, who emerged as the front-runner only after a string of other candidates were publicly rejected or refused to stand.
Rescuers said 42 people were in the two-storey building at Motta Visconti, just outside Milan, when the cafeteria's roof caved in shortly after a cracking sound was heard.
Mandela leaves clinic  JOHANNESBURG, July 14 (AFP)  President Nelson Mandela went home Thursday to convalesce for a week after undergoing an operation to remove a cataract from his left eye, his spokesman Parks Mankahlana said.
"I sent thanks to President (Bill) Clinton for this initiative by the American people to help build these units," Arafat told reporters after the ground-breaking ceremony.
Rao said it was time to ponder if the economic reforms, launched after he became prime minister in June 1991, needed to be reviewed.
Rao, accused by the opposition of selling out the economy to Western multinationals, repeatedly referred in glowing terms to Jawaharlal Nehru, India's first prime minister who launched a quasi-socialist economy after independence in 1947.
The rally came after bands of radicals launched firebomb attacks on 10 police stations, injured two officers and burned a police truck.
Bombay house collapse kills 11  BOMBAY, July 14 (AFP)  Eleven people were killed when a house collapsed in Bombay on Thursday after three days of heavy rain, police said.
                    Yemen-Islam                     550 words                     by Souleiman Nimer     WASHINGTON:     A quarter-century after the first moon landing,                     those who walked on the moon remain an elite                     group of 12, with no newcomers since 1972.
He made the remark after a three-hour meeting between US Undersecretary of Commerce Jeffrey Garten and Sozaburo Okamatsu, vice minister for international affairs at Japan's ministry of international trade and industry.
Men on the moon: an elite club of 12 by Souk Chanthalangsy  WASHINGTON, July 14 (AFP)  A quarter-century after the first moon landing, those who walked on the moon remain an elite group of 12, with no newcomers since 1972.
Arafat tells Israel to respect autonomy accord  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 14 (AFP)  PLO chairman Yasser Arafat urged Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin to respect the autonomy accords on Thursday after four PLO militants he smuggled in were expelled.
The declaration, made during a visit to a centre for the handicapped in Gaza City, came a day after Israel ordered out the militants who slipped in secretly aboard Arafat's motorcade when he returned on Tuesday.
Moasher said the bilateral talks -- launched in Washington in December 1991 after the Madrid conference in October -- will be held in the Wadi Araba, north of the Jordanian port of Aqaba and Israeli port of Eilat.
Mitterrand, Kohl joyful after German troops parade in Paris  PARIS, July 14 (AFP)  French President Francois Mitterrand and German Chancellor Helmut Kohl expressed joy and satisfaction Thursday over the German troop participation in France's Bastille Day parade, saying it symbolized a break with the past.
NPFL forces take African peacekeeper hostage  MONROVIA, July 14 (AFP)  Troops from Charles Taylor's National Patriotic Front of Liberia (NPFL) kidnapped a soldier in the African peacekeeping force after ambushing the lorry in which he travelling, a senior ECOMOG officer said.
The compromise resolution was adopted after heated debate as parliament was set to take a summer break and after 100 private radio and television employees threatened to wage a hunger strike.
Seven foreigners were killed on Monday, only three days after three Italian sailors had their throats cut on board ship, taking the toll of foreigners killed since the ultimatum to 51.
Seventeen wounded in Battambang bomb blasts  BATTAMBANG, Cambodia July 14 (AFP)  Seventeen people were injured, one critically, after Khmer Rouge agents set off two time-bombs in a small park in Cambodia's second city of Battambang, the vice-governor said Thursday.
About 15 minutes later a second explosive device, reportedly hidden in a trash can, went off, and injured more people who had gathered at the scene after the first explosion.
The rally was staged after bands of radicals attacked 10 police stations with petrol bombs, injuring two officers.
The postponement until Saturday, the second this week, was to allow for two militants to present their defense after being caught while on the run earlier this week.
Rashad's father also said police held him for two weeks after the attempt on Alfi's life and harrassed his wife.
European court contradicts British pregnancy rulings  LUXEMBOURG, July 14 (AFP)  A British woman's sex discrimination case received a boost Thursday when the European Court said she should not have been dismissed for becoming pregnant shortly after being hired to replace a woman on maternity leave.
Two weeks after having been hired Webb discovered that she was pregnant.
The joker in the pack though is Japan's reigning world champion Tetsuya Harada, who, after a season of injuries, returned to form at Mugello with an inspired second place on a Yamaha.
Magee, 32, hailing from Arizona but born in Paris, moved to the top of the leaderboard after his three under par 67 in the first round.
Watson, along with US Open runer-up Loren Roberts, was one shot behind after the calm conditions of the two practice days had given way to a stiff wind blowing down the second nine holes.
Roberts, chasing his first major victory after his play-off defeat by Ernie Els in the US Open, had been four under par after 14 holes but was pulled back by bogies at the 15th and 17th.
UN to be allowed to enter northern Cyprus again Denktash ANKARA, July 14 (AFP) - Turkish Cypriot leader Rauf Denktash said crossing points on the green line dividing Cyprus would be reopened to UN personnel on Thursday, after Turkish Cypriot demonstrators had blocked them for three days.
Humanitarian, ecological disaster looms in Rwanda  NAIROBI, July 14 (AFP)  A major humanitarian and ecological disaster could hit southern Rwanda as early as the end of this month, a UN World Food Programme (WFP) emergency team warned on Thursday after returning from a tour of the Gikongoro and Cyangugu areas of the country.
Up to half a million people have dieds and more than a million and a half have been displaced in the fierce fighting that broke out in the central African country after the April 6 death in a suspect plane crash of President Juvenal Habyarimana, who was a member of the Hutu people.
The assessments began after 12 people were killed Thursday when a house collapsed in Bombay.
In the eastern state of Orissa, about 400,000 people were marooned on Thursday after the river Devi breached its banks late Wednesday, submerging 220 villages and washing away crops over vast stretches of farmland.
Meanwhile, a five-storey building collapsed in Bombay on Thursday after three days of heavy rain, killing 12 people, including two infants and injuring 16 others, the police said in the western Indian metropolis.
Koirala resigned Sunday after he lost a parliamentary vote and advised the king to call mid-term polls for November.
The resolution was adopted after heated debate as parliament was set to take a summer break and after 100 private radio and television employees threatened to stage a hunger strike.
Shortly after the decision was announced news rooms were buzzing with activity.
The military voided the election and, after briefly handing over power to a hand-picked civilian administration, resumed power under Abacha in November.
On Wednesday, the government appeared to try to appease the strikers by offering after a meeting of the national executive council to release their detained leaders.
Glaxo hands investment management to outside experts after losses  LONDON, July 14 (AFP)  The British pharmaceuticals group Glaxo on Thursday said it was handing management of its investment portfolio to outside experts, after reportedly losing around 100 million pounds (156 million dollars).
The report came as Rwandan would-be prime minister Faustin  Twagiramungu arrived in Kigali, three months after fleeing the country at the  outbreak of the civil war, to set up a government of national unity.
(AFP)     JOHANNESBURG: President Nelson Mandela went home to convalesce for a week  after undergoing an operation to remove a cataract from his left eye, his  spokesman Parks Mankahlana said.
Rescuers said 42  people were in the two-storey building at Motta Visconti, just outside Milan,  when the cafeteria's roof caved in shortly after a cracking sound was heard.
Twagiramungu arrived here in the Rwandan capital Thursday, three months after fleeing the country at the outbreak of the civil war, to set up a government of national unity.
He is the leader of the main opposition Republican Democratic Movement (MDR) and fled the country after the death of Habyarimana, a Hutu, who died April 6 in a suspicious plane crash.
The MRND and army joined after Habyarimina's death in an interim government which never legally existed and which the RPF called a "puppet" government.
Mitterrand, Kohl joyful after German troops parade in Paris by Jocelyne Zablit  PARIS, July 14 (AFP)  French President Francois Mitterrand and German Chancellor Helmut Kohl expressed joy and satisfaction Thursday over the German troop participation in France's Bastille Day parade, saying it symbolized a break with the past.
Dollar down in early New York trades  NEW YORK, July 14 (AFP)  The dollar was slightly down in quiet early trading Thursday after the release of the latest US retail sales figures showing a O.6 percent rise in June.
Shortly after trading started, the dollar was at 1.5390 German marks against 1.5419 German marks at Wednesday's close and at 97.90 yen against 98.25 yen.
French embassy, cultural centre, open in Sarajevo  SARAJEVO, July 14 (AFP)  Ten days after the Americans, the French Thursday opened their first embassy in Sarajevo in presence of Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic.
Beijing mops up after violent storm  BEIJING, July 14 (AFP)  Beijing was still mopping up Thursday after the worst storm to hit the municipality in 35 years spawned flash floods that left four dead.
Mitterrand, Kohl joyful after German troops parade in Paris by Jocelyne Zablit  PARIS, July 14 (AFP)  French President Francois Mitterrand and German Chancellor Helmut Kohl expressed joy and satisfaction Thursday over the German troop participation in France's Bastille Day parade, saying it symbolized a break with the past.
The group's financial problems mounted after its largest external customer, Virgin Atlantic Airlines, cancelled its August contract with the company last Monday.
Located in western Slavonia, near the Serbia border, it was almost totally destroyed after a three-month siege by the federal Yugoslav army.
The Dow Jones blue-chip index hit 3,713.67, up 9.39 points (0.25 percent) just after opening.
Yemeni minister says army should stay out of politics  CAIRO, July 14 (AFP)  The Yemeni army should be freed of party political and tribal ties, Yemeni Information Minister Hassan Ahmed al-Lawzi said here Thursday, a week after northern troops captured the southern separatist stronghold of Aden.
Roberts, chasing his first major victory after his play-off defeat by Ernie Els in the US Open, had been four under par after 14 holes but was pulled back by bogies at the 15th and 17th.
Units of the rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front had advanced to within 25 kilometers (15 miles) of Gisenyi Thursday after seizing the garrison town of Rugengeri, Rwandan government officials said.
Finally, after an hour-long crisis meeting Thursday, Dormagen town officials and Neuss district police announced everything would be done to catch the 1.20 metre-long (four-foot-long) caiman alive.
Now, they said, the whole district was being mobilised to try to net him, after three policemen who went out in a boat on midnight Wednesday again fired shots but failed to kill Sammy.
UN evacuates 8-year-old boy shot through the head  SARAJEVO, July 14 (AFP)  An eight-year-old boy shot through the head was helicoptered to Sarajevo from the besieged enclave of Srebrenica on Thursday after Bosnian Serb forces agreed to the flight.
However, it still marked a good return of South Africa to the international capital markets after the lifting of restrictions imposed against the previous apartheid-based regime, they said.
Hostages free, mutineers demobilising  MAPUTO, July 14 (AFP)  Preparations to demobilise hundreds of unregistered RENAMO former rebel soldiers in Dombe, central Mozambique were to start Thursday after the soldiers released some 150 hostages on Wednesday.
Release of the hostages was secured after UN commander Colonel Pier Segala and Mozambican National Resistance (RENAMO) general Herminio Morais went to Dombe on Tuesday to negotiate with the mutineers, and after the UN sent food, shoes and clothing.
Expelled Palestinians could be allowed back, Rabin says  JERUSALEM, July 14 (AFP)  Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin said Thursday that four Palestinians expelled from the Gaza Strip after slipping in illegally with PLO chief Yasser Arafat could be allowed to return.
Israel ordered the four out after they slipped in secretly in Arafat's motorcade when he returned to the Strip for good on Tuesday.
Baggio, who has virtually singlehandedly put Italy in the final with five goals in his last three games, limped off after an hour of Wednesday's 2-1 win over Bulgaria in their semi-final.
A brief ceasefire after the 1991 peace accord was observed and culminated in the September 1992 elections whose results UNITA rejected after loosing to the Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA) ruling party.
Mandela was discharged from a Johannesburg clinic Wednesday after undergoing a cataract operation to his left eye.
For Charles and Diana, separated in December 1992, it was their first appearance in public together since Charles confessed on national television last month that he had been unfaithful after it became clear their marriage was irreconcilable.
The weekly independent newspaper quoted an unnamed senior government official saying a Zimbabwe military team recently went to Lesotho to assess the situation and work out logistics after that country's cabinet approved foreign military intervention.
The king made the decision on the advice of Koirala, who resigned Sunday after losing a crucial parliamentary debate on his government's annual socio-economic and political programme.
"I think we will do it," he said after the semi-final win on July 13, his lucky number.
(AFP) Name game Swedish striker Martin Dahlin, son of a Swedish mother and a black Venezuelan father, is named after slain US civil rights leader Martin Luther King.
"My mother gave me his name," said Dahlin, who was born 12 days after King was assassinated."
Units of the rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front had advanced to within 25 kilometers (15 miles) of Gisenyi Thursday after seizing the garrison town of Rugengeri, Rwandan government officials said.
Zhang fought back gallantly after trailing 1-7 in the first set and forced deuce at nine-all and went on to take the remaining three points without much effort.
The US Masters champion looked a brooding shadow of the man who had spoken confidently of his chances after his practice round in the calm conditions of Tuesday.
Meanwhile Scot Colin Montgomerie, who also hit two over par, refused to attend a Press conference and stormed off for a practice session after his round, which included just one birdie.
The big Scot bogeyed the eighth, 12th and 16th to go steadily backwards after a confident start, which included the birdie at the par-five seventh.
Dollar gains ground on Bentsen's remarks  NEW YORK, July 14 (AFP)  The dollar gained ground against other major currencies on Wall Street Thursday after Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen said that the government wanted a strong dollar and was concerned over the currency's recent losses.
The markets broke out of their doldrums after Bentsen spoke at the White House and the dollar quickly reached the 1.5550 German marks barrier, a New York-based dealer with Credit Lyonnais said.
MCI is the second largest US telecommunications company after ATT and the fifth largest worldwide.
Rai led Sao Paulo to the Intercontinental Cup in 1992 but since then, at both club and international level, he has suffered a crisis of confidence which led to his axing from the Brazil team after the first round matches.
Leonardo, suspended for four international matches by FIFA after elbowing American Tab Ramos in the face during their second round match, joins Kashima Antlers next season.
The 24-year-old leftback, who played on-loan to Sao Paulo from Valencia last season, said he joined Antler's after being persuaded by Antler's Zico.
The Secretary General's report comes one week after northern Yemeni forces overran the southern city of Aden.
Palestinian information minister Abed Rabbo enters Gaza  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 14 (AFP)  Palestinian information and culture "minister" Yasser Abed Rabbo arrived in the Gaza Strip Thursday from Egypt after Israel lifted a ban on him entering the autonomous territory.
Israel lifted its restriction Thursday after Amarin and three other militants had been expelled to Egypt.
Then, after Florida Senator Bob Graham visited Haiti and called for a military solution to the crisis, he was declared persona non grata and members of the former government had their diplomatic passports pulled.
Last month Siamese twins Mahletse and Ntabiseng Makwaeba, who were joined at the head, died after being separated in a 12-hour operation at Ga-Rankuwa Hospital north of Pretoria.
Dollar firms in Europe  LONDON, July 14 (AFP)  The dollar firmed in trading on the European currency markets Thursday, after US Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen said he wanted a strong dollar.
In London, the dollar rose quickly after Bentsen's remarks from 1.5465 German marks to 1.5555 marks and from 98.30 yen to 98.60.
The dollar had earlier fallen back after news of a rise in retail prices in June which was seen as making a rise in short-term rates less likely.
The pilot refused to reply to radio calls, then, after having been buzzed by a Sukhoi-27, he said he had decided to kill himself because of a family disagreement.
The Antonov-26 crashed and killed the pilot after running out of fuel.
Sweden captain Jonas Thern was sent off by Colombian referee Jose Torres after an hour for a foul on his opposite number Dunga he believes deserved at most a yellow card.
That combined with the fact we were much more tired after such little rest, helped them as well," he said.
Prices rose 0.1 percent in May in OECD countries  PARIS, July 14 (AFP)  Consumer prices in the 24-member countries of the Organisation of Economic Cooperation and Development, except Turkey, rose by 0.1 percent in May after a 0.3 percent rise in 1993, the organisation said Thursday.
Talks in Geneva between Pyongyang and Washington on North Korea's nuclear programme were suspended after just one day Friday following the death of North Korean President Kim Il-Sung.
The talks had been launched after Pyongyang agreed during a visit last month to Pyongyang by former US president Jimmy Carter to freeze its nuclear programme and not to refuel a controversial nuclear reactor.
Sussex collapsed after a promising start at Arundel Castle, Middlesex removing them for a modest 228.
A Hong Kong restaurant owner landed the biggest single football bet ever, collecting 165,000 after his 115,000 stake on Brazil to beat Sweden in the semi-finals paid off.
He is already 60,000 richer after betting 5,000 at 11-1 on a Brazil v Italy final, but also staked 8,000 on an accumulator involving Manchester United for the Premiership and Crystal Palace for the first division, which will win him 335,000.
"Brazil have been favourites throughout the tournament, having opened at 3-1, while Italy were pushed out to 7-1 from 11-2 after their loss to Ireland, but have attracted legions of followers since," he said.
In New York, the dollar immediately firmed after Bentsen's remarks.
Sutton looks Blackburn-bound  LONDON, July 14 (AFP)  Norwich forward Chris Sutton is set to complete a British record five million pounds transfer to Blackburn after Arsenal dramatically pulled out of the race for his signature on Thursday.
Arsenal's abandonment of the chase came soon after Everton's audacious last-gasp bid to capture Sutton was officially rejected, with a spokesman for Chase indicating no clubs other than Arsenal and Blackburn had been given permission to speak to the player.
But the 30-year-old from Dunedin had to share the spotlight with 1992 champion Nick Faldo, who made the headlines for the wrong reasons after he hit the wrong ball out of the rough on the 17th as the rain lashed down.
Defending champion Greg Norman has his work cut out after an opening one over par 71.
 (TURNBERRY) Paris born American Andrew Magee, in third place after a three under par 67, said his famous habit of whistling had helped him to stay relaxed as he made his way through the course.
Tom Watson's hopes of equalling Harry Vardon's record of six British Open titles is still very much alive after the 1977 Turnberry winner finished two under par.
Roberts, chasing his first major victory after his play-off defeat by Ernie Els in the US Open, had been four under par after 14 holes but was pulled back by bogies at the 15th and 17th.
Christie tightlipped over reprimand  LONDON, July 14 (AFP)  Linford Christie was tightlipped on Thursday after being reprimanded for missing Tuesday's Grand Prix meeting in Stockholm.
Christie, warned along with Sally Gunnell and John Regis, is believed to be angry after insisting that he never intended to run in the meeting.
And he could have plenty to say after racing world silver medallist Andre Cason for the first time this season in the TSB Games at Crystal Palace on Friday night.
Ward added: "The matter may be discussed at our management board meeting on Saturday after we obtain more information."
Customs officials discovered the drugs in a false partition after a routine control check on the lorry which arrived on a ferry from Belgium.
Sorry Faldo's ball blunder  TURNBERRY, Scotland, July 13 (AFP)  Nick Faldo, the 1992 British Open champion, looks to have blown his chance or regaining his title after an amazing blunder.
Heseltine said South Africa's "remarkable and peaceful" transition to democracy after all-race elections in April would "unleash economic forces that would be irresistable to the rest of Africa."
Palestinian information minister Abed Rabbo enters Gaza  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 14 (AFP)  Palestinian information and culture "minister" Yasser Abed Rabbo arrived in the Gaza Strip Thursday from Egypt after Israel lifted a ban on him entering the autonomous territory.
"I don't know what to say, these are the first words that I speak after entering the land of Palestine," Abed Rabbo told a cheering audience of about 200 people.
Israel lifted its restriction Thursday after Amarin and three other militants had been expelled to Egypt.
Paul Mozer was sentenced to four months in prison last December after pleading guilty to lying to regulators about authorizing illegal bids on Treasury bonds.
Spokesman Michael McCurry said Pyongyang asked for a meeting to be handled through the North Korean mission at the United Nations on resuming discussions that broke off in Geneva after the death of president Kim Il-Sung.
A judge ruled that prosecutors can use the evidence even though police found it after entering Simpson's property without a seach warrant.
"We would seek," he told journalists after meeting with Chretien, "in time, to be full members of NAFTA."
Stocks rally as dollar, bonds firm  NEW YORK, July 14 (AFP)  Blue-chip share prices rallied Thursday after two days of consolidation as traders were enouraged by the dollar's rebound and a sharp fall in long-term interest rates on the bond market.
The dollar also strengthened after Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen commented that Washington favored a stronger US currency, and that eased tensions over interest rates.
Federated Department Stores rose 3/8 to 20-7/8 after announcing a merger deal with Macy's to create the largest US department store chain.
JP Morgan lost 1/4 to 61 after reporting lower earnings for the second quarter.
Digital Equipment fell 1-3/8 to 20-1/8 after announcing a 1.4 bilion dollar charge against second-quarter earnings.
Located in eastern Slavonia, near the border with Serbia, it was almost totally destroyed after a three-month siege by the federal Yugoslav army.
England's Jo Thompson made two superb saves in the first half to keep her side in the game and after the break, Mandy Davies spurned an excellent chance.
The visit comes shortly after Marchi ordered a stricter enforcement of Canadian deportation orders in the wake of the recent murder of a Toronto policeman.
And, frequently, when they were deported after having served their prison sentences, they arrived in Jamaica without any family connections on the island and became a burden to Jamaican society.
Dollar gains following Bentsen's remarks  NEW YORK, July 14 (AFP)  The dollar gained ground against other major currencies Thursday after Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen said Washington wants a stronger dollar and was concerned over the currency's recent slide.
The markets broke out of their doldrums after Bentsen spoke at the White House and the dollar quickly reached the 1.5550 German marks barrier, a New York-based dealer with Credit Lyonnais said.
CBS pulled out of a deal Wednesday to merge with the QVC shopping network after cable operator Comcast countered with an unsolicited 2.2 billion dollar offer for QVC.
CBS pulled out of a deal Wednesday to merge with the QVC shopping network after cable operator Comcast countered with an unsolicited 2.2 billion dollar offer for QVC.
CBS, one of the three major US television networks, had been seen as vulnerable to a takeover offer after its merger with QVC fell through amid a period of consolidation in the industry.
The London-based rights group urged the government to protect writer Taslima Nasreen, who 10 days ago sent a message to the organisation saying she was in "grave danger" after she was accused of insulting the feelings of Moslems.
A judge ruled that prosecutors can use the evidence even though police found it after entering Simpson's property without a seach warrant.
Though a last-minute dark horse candidate was not being entirely ruled out, consensus has grown in the past few days for the choice of Santer, who only emerged as front-runner after a string of other candidates were publicly rejected or refused to stand.
One such dark horse could be former Danish premier Poul Schlueter, whom the Danish government officially put forward for the presidency Thursday after a meeting between Prime Minister Poul Nyrup Rasmussen and party leaders, a foreign ministry spokesman said.
Latvia in political crisis amid tense relations with Russia by Janis Bols  RIGA, July 14 (AFP)  Latvia was in crisis Thursday after the government of Prime Minister Valdis Birkavs resigned amid dissension over economic policy, as relations with giant neighbour Russia approached a crucial moment.
The Peasant Party, which has 12 deputies in parliament, quit the coalition after months of disagreements, accusing Latvian Way of violating the terms of their accord, notable by failing to safeguard the country's agriculture through subsidies and customs duties.
Thrust into the race for the presidency after Britain vetoed Belgian Premier Jean-Luc Dehaene, Santer's appointment would also get the 12 European Union members out of the hole the British dug at last month's summit in Greece.
Portugal protests at East Timor violence  LISBON, July 14 (AFP)  Portugal protested Thursday at incidents in its former colony of East Timor after Indonesian riot police violently dispersed a demonstration against recent Moslem-Catholic clashes.
East Timor, which was annexed by Jakarta in 1976 after Portuguese authorities pulled out in the face of an independence movement, is about 90 percent Catholic, while about 85 percent of Indonesia's 180 million population is Moslem.
Concert replay touches right note for final  LOS ANGELES, July 14 (AFP)  They're back, four years after the original Three Tenors concert brought a touch of class to Italia 90 Luciano Pavarotti, Placido Domingo and Jose Carreras will again link opera with football.
Yilmaz had been the subject of heavy media criticism in recent days, with newspapers deriding him for "not acting like a minister" after he fired shots into the air at a banquet attended by colleagues.
That might allow Franco Baresi, who needed arthroscopic surgery on his right knee 20 days ago after the dramatic win over Norway, to return to captain the side.
He limped off with a slight hamstring strain after an hour of Wednesday's 2-1 win over Bulgaria in their semi-final but his absence would be unthinkable.
(LOS ANGELES) Italy made a disastrous start to the tournament, losing 1-0 to Ireland and no team has gone on to win the Cup after losing their opening match.
Jamaica's Prime Minister P.J. Patterson said after a meeting with Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien in Ottawa that the Caribbean nations and Canada had agreed to oppose a military invasion unless it is pre-approved by the UN Security Council.
Baggio, whose place in the team was in doubt after his disappointing first round display, now has five goals in his last three games and everyone of them was crucial.
For Dino, Italy's World Cup success has come as a welcome relief after the trials and tribulations he suffered last season at Juventus which led to his transfer.
It will be Maldini who will fill the gap left by injured Italian captain Franco Baresi, the veteran who is not expected to be fit enough to play after undergoing arthroscopic knee surgery late last month.
And he replaced Azeglio Vicini as national coach in 1991 after winning two European Cups with AC Milan where his attacking style of play went against the grain of Italian football.
Mazinho, more of a workhorse than the creative Rai, was taken off after the first half of their semi-final against Sweden.
"Romario is a genius," Brazilian coach Carlos Alberto Parreira said after the recalled player scored both goals in a crucial World Cup qualifier against Uruguay last September.
Rai however did little after being brought on for Mazinho and his World Cup is surely over.
Pele put Brazil in front in the 17th minute, powering in a header off a cross from Rivelino after a left touchline throw-in.
"But just after the break Gerson scored that superb goal and we were completely demoralised.
The AC Milan sweeper could return to the side after missing most of the tournament with a knee injury suffered in the second match.
Recently rejoined the national team after a long absence due to injury.
Getting better and better after a disappointing start to the World Cup but now his appearance in the final is threatened by injury.
The AC Milan sweeper could return to the side after missing most of the tournament with a knee injury suffered in the second match.
Recently rejoined the national team after a long absence due to injury.
Getting better and better after a disappointing start to the World Cup but now his appearance in the final is threatened by injury.
The BSE's sensitive index of 30 blue-chip shares is now hovering around 4,100 points after touching a year's high of  4,332.98 points on June 20 Stock broker Ajit Ambani said the slump was temporary, expecting buyers to be lured back into the market by the rains, which follow excellent financial results declared by corporate majors for fiscal 1993-94 ending March 31.
Only brought into the side after Mozer was struck with a liver complaint.
Brought back after Brazil were humbled by Bolovia in a qualifying match in '93.
Said after the win with Russia that this was to be "Romario's World Cup."
Andrews said it was unlikely the 80-strong contingent would be represented in the UN Operation in Somalia (UNOSOM) after their current term ends in September.
South Korean university raided, 20 arrested, Kim Il-Sung posters torn down  SEOUL, July 15 (AFP)  South Korean riot police raided a university in the southern city of Kwangju Friday, tore down Kim Il-Sung mourning posters and arrested 20 radicals after a pitched battle with tear gas and fire bombs, news reports said.
The rally came after bands of radicals launched firebomb attacks on 10 police stations, injured two officers and burned a police truck.
He confirmed there would be no French troops in the coming UNAMIR mission, although Paris would provide medical assistance to help look after refugees.
Shortly after entering the newly-autonomous Gaza region from the border post of Rafah, Abed Rabbo told crowds who greeted him that Palestinians would neither forget their detainees nor give up the struggle for Palestinian rights.
But the Israelis lifted the restriction on Rabbo on Thursday after Amarin and the three other militants were expelled to Egypt.
(AFP)     SEOUL: South Korean riot police raided a university in the southern city  of Kwangju, tore down Kim Il-Sung mourning posters and arrested 20 radicals  after a pitched battle with tear gas and fire bombs, news reports said.
Though a last-minute dark horse candidate was not being entirely  ruled out, consensus has grown in the past few days for the choice of Santer,  who only emerged as front-runner after a string of other candidates were  publicly rejected or refused to stand.
(AFP)     RIGA: Latvia plunged into crisis after the government of Prime Minister  Valdis Birkavs resigned amid dissension over economic policy, as relations  with giant neighbour Russia approached a crucial moment.
Under the agreement with the Taiwanese, the equipment serves as a partial payment to the factory and will remain in place after its foreign partners have gone.
The fire completed gutted the two-year-old Dong Xuan market in the heart of the crowded old quarter of Hanoi, and firefighters were still trying to bring the blaze under control 12 hours after it began.
The jury foreman announced a majority verdict on each of the four charges after more than eight hours of deliberations and just minutes after judge Kevin Hammond had indicated he was about to discharge the jury.
During a 20-minute phone conversation, Kim and Clinton exchanged views on the likely changes after Kim Il-Sung's death and agreed to continue to cooperate closely in handling them, spokesman Choo Don-Shik said.
The US and North Korea have agreed to resume the talks after Kim Il- Sung's funeral on July 17.
Patten's electoral package was recently approved by the territory's Legislative Council, despite China's vehement opposition and warnings to scrap the entire legislature after 1997.
He was sent to Hong Kong to replace Xu Jiatun in 1990 after Xu defected to the United States in protest at the crackdown on the pro- democracy movement in China in 1989.
Special prosecutor Miguel Montes resigned two days after issuing a report concluding that 23-year-old Mario Aburto acted alone in the March 23 assassination in Tijuana of the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party's (PRI) candidate, backtracking on previous conspiracy theories.
In addition to Aburto, four security guards were arrested after Colosio was shot and killed at a political rally, but they were all released later.
Clark was unusable after the 1991 eruption of the nearby Pinatubo volcano, and all US servicemen pulled out of the country the following year.
Members of Rwanda's interim government set up after the death of president Habyarimana have also left Gisenyi.
The blaze destroyed the Dong Xuan market in the heart of the crowded old city, leaving the massive concrete building in danger of collapse after firefighters spent the night trying to bring it under control.
Firefighters were forced to call in eight fire engines from Hanoi's Noi Bai airport and neighbouring provinces after its 18 machines proved inadequate to battle the blaze, which broke out late Thursday.
The blaze was brought under control at 7:00 a.m. after burning for around eight hours, causing the concrete walls of the 200-metre (yard) by 100-metre three-storey building to crack and warp.
The Timorese are the same resistance figures banned from attending a late May Asia-Pacific conference on East Timor in Manila after Indonesia objected, The Nation quoted an informed government source as saying.
News of the ban came a day after Indonesian authorities violently broke up student protest in the East Timor capital, Dili.
The Nation's source said the ban was decided after consultation with Indonesian authorities in the "ASEAN spirit" of not allowing one member country to be used to discredit another.
The trip came a day after a Jordanian spokesman revealed the two neighbours were still arguing over procedures for the negotiations, their first bilateral meetings in the Middle East, which are to open Monday along the ceasefire line.
Demirel leaves for Croatia, Bosnia visit  ANKARA, July 15 (AFP)  Turkish President Suleyman Demirel left Istanbul for a three-day visit to Croatia and Bosnia-Hercegovina Friday after the United Nations forced him to call off a planned trip to Sarajevo.
(changing dateline) Turkish president to visit troops in Zenica bypassing Sarajevo  SARAJEVO, July 15 (AFP)  Turkish President Suleyman Demirel was to visit Turkish troops in central Bosnia Friday after being forced to call off a planned trip to Sarajevo because of fears for his safety, UN officials said.
Yeltsin not to attend meeting after "cold"  MOSCOW, July 15 (AFP)  Russian President Boris Yeltsin will not attend a government meeting on economic issues due to a "cold," his press department said Friday.
The arrival of NASA's Kuiper Airborne Observatory plane was announced by the United States Information Service which said it would be possible for the aircraft to view seven separate collision points shortly after the impacts.
"It is necessary to be ready to act at any time," Komura said at a news conference after the cabinet meeting Friday, repeating his call for further stimulus measures to aid small- and medium-sized companies.
The British royal family refrained from visiting the former Soviet Union under the communist regime after the assassination in 1918 by the Bolsheviks of Czar Nicolas II and his family, allied and related to the British Crown.
He said although the majority of the whites in Zimbabwe had accepted the reconciliation policy introduced at independence in 1980 after seven years of war against white rule, there was still a "clique" of whites harbouring racist tendencies.
The latest refugee flight in Rwanda's civil war came after the mainly Tutsi Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) in Kigali on Friday confirmed government reports that it had taken the town of Ruhengeri in northern Rwanda Thursday.
He accepted team advice not to ride after a fitness test carried out an hour before Friday's start.
They also tore down wallposters mourning Kim Il-Sung's death and arrested 20, including two striking workers, after a pitched battle with tear gas and fire bombs.
The rally came after bands of radicals launched firebomb attacks on 10 police stations, injured two officers and burned a police truck.
Peres was, according to his aides, referring to a secret government decision on June 19, just a few days after the war ended, recognizing Syrian sovereignty and offering a withdrawal in exchange for peace and security guarantees.
The statement from Peres brought added hopes for Christopher's new shuttle between Jerusalem and Damascus after a series of trips back and forth this year failed to achieve a breakthrough.
The trip came a day after a Jordanian spokesman revealed the two neighbours were still arguing over procedurese for the negotiations, their first bilateral meetings in the Middle East, which are to open Monday along the ceasefire line.
Rand drops against dollar  JOHANNESBURG, July 15 (AFP)  The rand continued to give ground against the dollar here Friday, opening at 3.6655/70 after Thursday's close of 3.6560/75.
The financial rand for non-resident investors also slipped marginally, opening at 4.50/52 after skyrocketing 11 cents Thursday to close at 4.51/53 from Wednesday's 4.62/64.
Britain's royal family refrained from visiting the former Soviet Union under the communist regime after the assassination in July 1918 by the Bolsheviks of Czar Nicholas II and his family, allied and related to the British Crown.
Finally, after an hour-long crisis meeting Thursday, Dormagen town officials and Neuss district police announced everything would be done to catch the 1.20 metre-long (four-foot-long) caiman alive.
Israeli Military Industries, the second biggest public firm after aircraft industries, exported 250 million dollars of equipment last year or 60 percent of turnover, the paper added.
Moon, who settled in the United States in 1973 after criticising the then government of the former military strongman Park Chung-Hee, has visited North Korea several times in recent years and interviewed the "Great Leader" Kim Il-Sung.
"If I tell you, a lot of journalists will go after her."
(changing dateline) Demirel arrives for visits to Croatia, Bosnia  ZAGREB, July 15 (AFP)  Turkish President Suleyman Demirel arrived in Split Friday for talks with Croatian leaders and a visit to Turkish troops in central Bosnia after being forced to call off a planned trip to Sarajevo because of fears for his safety.
The May reserves, the second highest after reserves held by Japan, were lower than a record high of 89.5 billion dollars posted in September 1992, the CBC said.
Little bids for big prize  NEW ROCHELLE, New York, July 15 (AFP)  Sally Little is on course to end a six-year victory drought at the 650,000 dollar Big Apple Classic after shooting a four-under par 67 in the opening round here.
                    Japan-trade,2ndlead                     600 words around 1015 GMT                     by Shingo Ito     SARAJEVO:       Turkish President Suleyman Demirel is to                     to visit Turkish troops in central Bosnia                     after being forced to call off a planned                     trip to Sarajevo because of fears for his                     safety, UN officials say.
"It's my right to hoist the Palesitnian flag on the walls of Jerusalem, on its mosques and churches after Israeli withdrawal," from east Jerusalem, Arafat told reporters.
The comment came after his information "minister" Yasser Abed Rabbo arrived in the Gaza Strip on Thursday declaring "the battle is long and will end only when the Palestinian flag flies over Jerusalem".
Under the September 13 Declaration of Principles for autonomy, the question of Jerusalem will be negotiated only after two years of self- rule.
A week ago dozens of settlers squatted several empty apartments in Kyriat Arba, near Hebron, and pulled out only after the government ordered the army to evict them.
Beattie hurt in crash  LE MANS, France, July 15 (AFP)  Australian 500cc rider Daryl Beattie was rushed to hospital on Friday with a serious foot injury after crashing in practice for the French Grand Prix here.
Beattie, riding a Yamaha, was lying 11th in the world championship, after having finished third last year with Honda.
Dollar loses early gains  LONDON, July 15 (AFP)  The dollar lost some of its earlier gains on Friday morning, having risen on Thursday after statements by US Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen in favour of a "strong dollar," dealers said.
He said the dollar continued to benefit from profit-taking on the other currencies after falling to record lows at the beginning of the week.
The mark rose to 5.0058 Swedish kronor from 4.9480 at the Thursday close, after a special parliamentary meeting to discuss the Swedish budget deficit.
After falling to 998.25 lire to the mark on opening, the lire dropped to 995.15 against the mark compared to 991 on Thursday after the resignation of Italian anti-corruption judges in protest at government policies.
Lagos residents shocked, remain calm after Abiola refused bail  LAGOS, July 15 (AFP)  Lagos residents remained calm Friday, trying to take in Thursday's shock refusal of an Abuja Federal High Court to grant bail to Chief Moshood Abiola, the main opposition figure, who has been charged with treason.
"They flock together by hundreds of thousands and cross the border by all possible means," ICRC spokesman Tony Burgener told AFP after reports from humanitarian organizations.
The plan would require Serbs to give up some of the 70 percent of Bosnian territory they now control after 27 months of fighting following the break-up of the old Yugoslav federation.
Israel protested this week after Husseini received Canadian public works minister David Dingwall at his east Jerusalem headquarters called Orient House.
Lloyds Bank was 12 pence higher at 547 after the Cheltenham and Gloucester Building Society had said that it would come up with revised proposals to implement payments to members as part of Lloyds' 1.8 billion pound takeover bid for the building society.
NEW ROCHELLE, New York, July 15 (AFP)  Leading scores at the 650,000 dollar Big Apple Classic after Thursday's first round (USA unless stated): 67 - Sally Little (South Africa), Nancy Ramsbottom 68 - JoAnne Carner, Trish Johnson (England), Nanci Bowen 69 - Dale Eggeling, Michele Redman 70 - Cherri Steinhauer, Amy Read, Cindy Rarick, Caroline Pierce (England), Michelle Estill, Heather Drew, Judy Dickinson, Beth Daniel, Pet Bradley, Missie Berteotti, Amy Benz, Marta Figueras-Dotti (Spain), Kim Saiki th94 
The bank's chairman, G.S. Dahotre, said the loss, after allowing for all "sticky" loans, came on top of a 3.3 billion rupee (110 million dollar) net loss the previous financial year.
RPF to fight until government surrenders, PM urges halt  KIGALI, July 15 (AFP)  The Rwandan Patriotic Front will continue its military offensive until government forces surrender, a high-ranking RPF official said Friday after the UN Security Council called for a ceasefire.
"We will do nothing, absolutely nothing, to compromise in the slightest our sovereign rights," Di Tella told reporters after negotiations got under way here Thursday.
"The manner in which he died -- after assurances that his execution would not go ahead and with appeals pending -- casts a shadow upon the international reputation of Trinidad and Tobago," said the London- based human rights organisation.
The sharp reaction came only hours after the Senate, in a voice vote late Thursday, banned the sale of light arms to Indonesia until "significant progress" is made on human rights in East Timor, a territory annexed by Indonesia in 1976 in defiance of UN opinion.
Though a last-minute dark horse candidate was not being entirely ruled out, consensus has grown in the past few days for the choice of Santer, who only emerged as front-runner after a string of other candidates were publicly rejected or refused to stand.
Qian appeared to leave the door open for more formal discussions, with Xinhua quoting him as saying the New York talks were "what could be agreed upon at present" after Goodlad conveyed a message from Hurd proposing an exchange of visits or a meeting.
Rwanda plunged into inter-ethnic bloodshed on April 6 after Habyarimana was killed in a mysterious rocket attack on his plane.
Patterson, talking to journalists after meeting with Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien Thursday, said however that he believed "we are not very far" from getting such a United Nations approval.
Horn elected new Hungarian prime minister  BUDAPEST, July 15 (AFP)  Gyula Horn, a socialist, was sworn in as Hungary's new prime minister Friday after being elected in a parliamentary vote.
But it decided to form a coalition government with the liberal Alliance of Free Democrats, which ruled Hungary after the fall of the communist regime in 1989, and came in second in the poll.
RPF to fight until government surrenders, PM urges halt by Bernard Degioanni  KIGALI, July 15 (AFP)  The Rwandan Patriotic Front will continue its military offensive until government forces surrender, a high-ranking RPF official said Friday after the UN Security Council called for a ceasefire.
Members of Rwanda's interim government had set up in Gisenyi after fleeing Kigali but have left amid the rebel advance.
The accident upset a fragile truce reached last August that had been concluded after three years of civil war.
The rally came after bands of radicals launched firebomb attacks on 10 police stations, injured two officers and burned a police truck.
Ministers want controversial decree modified by Olivier Baube  ROME, July 15 (AFP)  Several government officials on Friday called for a controversial new decree to be modified after four anti-corruption judges resigned in protest, and Justice Minister Alfredo Biondi said he was prepared to discuss amendments.
Duque said that a new meeting at the United Nations would be held later Friday to discuss the Rwandan situation, including the fate of the interim government which took over as ethnic bloodshed erupted after the April 6 plane crash death of the Rwandan president.
The Russian envoy arrived late Thursday, after attending a meeting of the multilateral Middle East steering committee in Tabarka, Tunisia.
Beattie suffers severe foot inujury  LE MANS, France, July 15 (AFP)  Australian 500cc rider Daryl Beattie was rushed to hospital on Friday with a serious foot injury after crashing in practice for the French Grand Prix here.
Beattie, riding a Yamaha, was lying 11th in the world championship, after finishing third last year with Honda.
The big-hitting American had gone to the turn in a superb 32 after a round of 68 on Thursday, but then threw five shots away in two holes, including a triple-bogey tenth, when he lost his ball on the beach.
That meant he could not reach the green with his third shot and, after he did so with his fourth, he three-putted.
Horn elected new Hungarian prime minister, cabinet named  BUDAPEST, July 15 (AFP)  Hungary's Socialist Party leader Gyula Horn was sworn in as the country's new prime minister Friday after being elected in a parliamentary vote, while President Arpad Goencz formally approved his 13-member coalition cabinet.
He succeeds Peter Boross, who led the last conservative government after the December death of Joszef Antall.
The Socialist Party has 10 of the 13 ministers, who took oath immediately after their appointment, including Foreign Minister Laszlo Kovacs, Finance Minister Laszlo Bekesi and Defence Minister Gyorgy Keleti.
The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials fell 2.59 points to 3,736.66 shortly after the session's opening bell.
Loans group rethinking "illegal" plan to distribute cash from takeover  LONDON, July 15 (AFP)  The Cheltenham and Gloucester building society said Friday it was rethinking plans for distributing the cash paid for its takeover by a banking group after the plan was ruled illegal by the high court here.
The combined operation would become Britain's fourth largest mortgage lender, after Halifax, Abbey National and Nationwide Anglia.
The Socialist administration scrapped museum entrance fees for all but foreign visitors shortly after coming to office in order to help bring culture to the masses.
The Spanish government revised legislation on its museums in March after a European Union justice court ruled that Spain was discriminating against EU members by demanding entrance fees from foreigners but not from nationals.
Virenque wins stage  LUZ-ARDINEN, France, July 15 (AFP)  Frenchman Richard Virenque won the 12th stage of the Tour de France here on Friday, after a magnificent solo climb through the Pyrenees.
After talks with Kohl, Klepsch tips Santer as Delors successor  BRUSSELS, July 15 (AFP)  Egon Klepsch, the outgoing president of the European Parliament, said after talks with Chancellor Helmut Kohl on Friday that he believed Luxemburg premier Jacques Santer would be appointed to succeed Jacques Delors as EU chief executive.
"I think Mr Santer will be appointed," Klepsch, a German, said after meeting Kohl, whose country currently holds the rotating presidency of the European Union.
The budget was passed by a royal ordinance after King Birendra on Sunday dissolved parliament after Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala's government lost a crucial parliamentary vote on its economic and political programme.
Though a last-minute dark horse candidate was not being entirely ruled out, consensus has grown in the past few days for the choice of Santer, who only emerged as front-runner after a string of other candidates were publicly rejected or refused to stand.
The president of the outgoing European Parliament, Egon Klepsch, said after meeting German Chancellor Helmut Kohl: "I think Mr. Santer will be appointed."
Kohl, whose country currently holds the rotating presidency of the European Union, called the emergency meeting after the 12 leaders failed to agree on the candidacy of Belgian Prime Minister Jean-Luc Dehaene at a meeting in Corfu, Greece last month.
He broke again for 3-1 in the second set and took a 2-0 lead on sets after Krajicek saved a trio of set points before hitting a backhand out.
Yeltsin to return to work Monday: spokesman  MOSCOW, July 15 (AFP)  Russian President Boris Yeltsin will return to his office on Monday, after cancelling several engagements on Friday due to a "cold," his spokesman Viacheslav Kostikov said Friday, quoted by the Russian news agency Interfax.
Euro-MP Pauline Green said after members of the European Parliament had been briefed by Kohl earlier: "We are completely confident that Jacques Santer will come out as the common candidate."
The current commission president, Jacques Delors, retires on January 5 after 10 years as head of the EU's executive body.
Consensus had grown in the past few days for the choice of Santer, 57, who only emerged as front-runner after a string of other candidates were publicly rejected or refused to stand.
Demirel arrives for visits to Croatia, Bosnia  ZAGREB, July 15 (AFP)  Turkish President Suleyman Demirel arrived in Zagreb Friday for talks with his Croatian counterpart Franjo Tudjman and other Croatian leaders, after being forced to cancel a visit to Sarajevo because of safety fears.
Virenque takes mountain stage, Indurian consolidates lead  LUZ ARDINEN, France, July 15 (AFP)  Frenchman Richard Virenque claimed his first stage victory in the Tour de France here on Friday, after a magnificent solo climb through the Pyrenees.
On the bond market, the benchmark 30-year Treasury bond rate fell to 7.51 percent from 7.53 percent late Thursday after the government reported US industrial production rose 0.5 percent in June.
Inventories rose a revised 0.6 percent in April after falling 0.2 percent in March.
Sales fell a revised 0.4 percent in April after falling 0.8 percent in the previous month.
The Hutu government in Rwanda has fled rebels of the Tutsi-based Rwandan Patriotic Front who are in control of most of the country after a three-month long civil war which has claimed hundreds of thousands of lives.
The Socialist Party was left with no clear candidate for next year's poll after Rocard resigned last month following a no-confidence vote by the party's executive committee.
The vote came after the socialists were trounced in European elections, garnering just 14.5 percent of the vote, the party's worst showing since its creation in 1971.
He broke again for 3-1 in the second set and clinched the second set after Krajicek saved three set points before hitting a backhand out.
Santer's nomination follows three weeks of intense horse-trading after Britain plunged the EU into a succession crisis by vetoing the nomination of Belgian premier Jean-Luc Dehaene as president of the commission.
Delors retires on January 5 after 10 years as head of the EU's executive body.
Doohan leads the Texan Schwantz by 51 points in the riders' table after winning the last five 500cc races, and the Australian confirmed in practice his intention to steer his Honda to victory for the seventh time this season on Sunday.
Russia and Czech Republic share honours  MOSCOW, July 15 (AFP)  Russia and the Czech Republic were locked 1-1 after the first day of their Davis Cup World Group quarter-final tie at St Petersburg on Friday: Results Russia 1 Czech Republic 1 Evgueni Kafelnikov (Russia) bt Stislav Dosedel (Czech Republic) 6-2, 6-3, 6-4 Petr Korda (Czech Republic) bt Andrei Olhovski (Russia) 6-3, 6-2, 6-2.
At the latest it will take place on Saturday," Khan told reporters after talks with Kagame, the RPF military chief.
Between 500,000 and half a million people are believed to have died in ethnic killings that erupted after the president's death in a suspect plane crash on April 6.
Kagame said the rebels were consolidating their position after taking Ruhengeru in the north before continuing to Gisenyi, the government's retreat base near the Zairean border.
The interim government took over after the suspicious April 6 plane crash death of the Rwandan president, Juvenil Habyarimana, which unleashed the fierce ethnic killing.
Under the new system, settlements on share transactions will be processed in ten working days after the original transaction.
All transactions dealt within these periods are due for settlement six working days after the end of the period.
The Hutu government in Rwanda has fled rebels of the Tutsi-based Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) who are in control of most of the country after a three-month long civil war which has claimed hundreds of thousands of lives.
At the latest it will take place on Saturday," Khan told reporters after talks with Kagame, the RPF military chief.
Between 500,000 and half a million people are believed to have died in ethnic killings that erupted after the president's death in a suspect plane crash on April 6.
Chernomyrdin warns of 2,000 state-firm bankruptcies  MOSCOW, July 15 (AFP)  The day after Russia's first-ever announcement that six state- businesses had gone bankrupt, Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin warned Friday that 2,000 more state-owned businesses could go the same way this year.
Watson closes on record  TURNBERRY, Scotland, July 15 (AFP)  Tom Watson moved closer to equalling Harry Vardon's record of six British Open championship victories when he took a one-stroke lead after the second round here on Friday.
With Turner falling one stroke to to four under par after a round of 71, American veteran Fuzzy Zoeller hit an impressive 66 to tuck in one shot behind him.
Zimbabwean Nick Price was also on three under par after ten holes, having hit four birdies and two bogies, as was New Zealander Frank Nobilo..
Maverick John Daly had gone to the turn in a superb 32 after a round of 68 on Thursday, but then threw five shots away in two holes, including a triple-bogey tenth, when he lost his ball on the beach.
That meant he could not reach the green with his third shot and, after he did with his fourth, he three-putted.
Nick Faldo, the 1992 champion who ended five over on Thursday after hitting the wrong ball, gave himself hope of making the cut with a round of 66 to finish one over.
German Chancellor Helmut Kohl, whose country holds the rotating EU presidency, made the announcement after the 12 leaders met in a second attempt to choose the successor to Jacques Delors.
The selection of Santer follows three weeks of intense horse-trading after Britain plunged the EU into a succession crisis by vetoing the nomination of Belgian premier Jean-Luc Dehaene as commission president.
"I wish that I could have had another week off after Wimbledon, but that's the way the Davis schedule is.
Economy Minister Pedro Solbes said that, under the plan, gross domestic product (GDP) in Spain would grow by 3.9 percent in 1996 and 1997 after rising by 1.3 percent this year and 2.8 percent in 1995.
Spain's GDP rose by an annual 0.8 percent in the first quarter of 1994, after rising an annual 0.7 percent the previous quarter, he added.
The Hutu government in Rwanda has fled rebels of the Tutsi-based Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) who are in control of most of the country after a three-month long civil war which has claimed hundreds of thousands of lives.
At the latest it will take place on Saturday," Khan said after talks with Kagame, the RPF military chief.
However after the June 1967 war Israel declared a ceasefire line several hundred metres (yards) to the east of the original border along Wadi Araba in order to occupy strategic heights, after Palestinian commandos infiltrated the region.
Meanwhile, Jordan says the tiny parcel of land near the Yarmuk, south of Lake Tiberias, was taken by Israel after the 1948 war "without any provocation."
But following the boom in international adoptions after the fall of the communist regime in December 1989, the government passed a law in July 1991 which makes it much more difficult for foreigners, giving priority to Romanian couples.
Thorn EMI fell nine pence to 1,065 after it failed to announce an expected reorganisation of its musical activities during its annual shareholder meeting.
Lloyds Bank gained 21 pence to 557 after the home loans group Cheltenham and Gloucester announced a new plan for payments to shareholders to allow a takeover by Lloyds to go ahead.
A previous plan was dropped after the High Court ruled it illegal.
He was speaking after leaders of the European Union had unanimously agreed to name Santer as the EU's chief executive after Jacques Delors retires from the post on January 5.
The Florida-based Swede, currently second on the British Open Championship leaderboard here after two rounds, has caught the eye with his trademark raised hat brim.
At the latest it will take place on Saturday," Khan told reporters after talks with Kagame, the RPF's military chief.
In a statement issued after two days of meetings, the government announced "immediate, urgent and dissuasive measures aimed at ending illegal actions targeting public and private property."
I'm also pleased that Speaker Foley, after discussions with Majority Leader Mitchell, has invited both leaders to address a joint session of Congress.
Dollar, gold gain  NEW YORK, July 15 (AFP)  The dollar rebounded in New York Friday in quiet trading after several dealers left the foreign exchange market early ahead of the weekend.
The dollar mainly was benefitting from investment funds' buying after their morning spurt of profit taking, a trader with a European bank here said.
"It was a great day for me," said the Frenchman after his first ever stage victory in the Toure.
Indurain kept the leader's yellow jersey and made ground on his principal rivals after a typically well-planned ride.
However, slid to 97.90 yen from 98.45 Thursday after the news that the Japanese trade surplus jumped 14.8 percent in June from the same month in 1993.
Dealers said the Bank of Italy had intervened "modestly" in the morning to support the lira after it fell following reports of the resignation of the magistrates leading the Clean Hands anti-corruption enquiry.
Denmark's Peter Mikkelsen had been favourite of the nine referees left after the quarter-finals to handle Sunday's final.
Coffee, oil and rubber bounce higher By Olivier Thibault and Heather Prentice  LONDON, July 15 (AFP)  Coffee prices leapt 26 percent higher during the week, reaching a new peak after a second cold snap hit Brazil caused feverish buying.
Prices rose to 3,993 dollars per tonne on Wednesday, their highest level since January 1986, after a new frost of minus five degrees Celsius (23 degrees Fahrenheit) hit southern Brazil over the weekend.
The price of soya oil dropped on the Rotterdam market after the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) predicted an eight percent rise in the world production of soya grains to 124.6 million tonnes in the 1994-1995 season.
Palm oil rose after south-east Asian buying, while the USDA predicted a three percent rise in world production in 1994-1995 to 14.1 million tonnes.
Elsewhere, the research review Oil World revised upwards its predictions for the world harvest of vegetable oils for next year after a good year for harvests in the US and Canada.
Also higher, the British Airports Authority rose 34 pence to 955 after passenger traffic rose an annual 9.1 percent in June.
Rank Organisation rose 20 pence to 402, while GUS was up 21 pence at 574 and the conglomerate Tomkins lifted 6.5 pence to 224 after announcing a 50 percent rise in annual pre-tax profits.
Re declined to say how Cowlings happened to wind up with Simpson after he had disappeared.
The foreign ministry comments came after the military chief-of-staff of the victorious rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF), Paul Kagame, said he was prepared to enter the French-declared zone to catch fleeing government members.
The interim government took over after the suspicious April 6 plane crash death of the Rwandan president, Juvenal Habyarimana, which unleashed the fierce ethnic killing.
A new series of US-North Korean talks opened in early July in Geneva, but were suspended after the death of North Korean president Kim Il- Sung.
The hosts, 141 ahead after the first innings, then turned the screw reaching 196 for eight second time around with Martin Speight stroking an unbeaten 59.
(LONDON) Gavin Haynes (45 not out) also contributed after Kent had subsided to 166 all out, losing their last seven wickets for 71 runs with Worcestershire's Parvez Mirza taking three for 11 in 31 balls.
Puhl, 39 on Thursday, booked two Spaniards in the Spain-Italy quarter- final but missed the incident in which blood streamed down Enrique's face after his nose was broken.
Tassotti was later suspended for eight matches by FIFA after they had examined viedo evidence to sanction an off-the-ball incident for the first time.
Denmark's Peter Mikkelsen had been favourite of the nine referees left after the quarter-finals to handle Sunday's final.
The chairman of the summit, German Chancellor Helmut Kohl, said after a brief emergency summit that Santer was a "committed European."
Santer emerged as a compromise candidate after Britain had rejected Dehaene, the original choice of Germany and France, as too committed to government interventionism in the economy and a federalist Europe with power concentrated in Brussels.
In June, the index rose 4.50 percent after falling seven percent in May.
Germany, Spain tied  HALLE, Germany, July 15 ( AFP)  Germany and Spain were level 1-1 after the opening day of their Davis Cup quarter-final here Friday with Michael Stich coming to the hosts' rescue.
Goellner was whistled off court by an unhappy home crowd after failing to put up a fight against a Bruguera.
The response will come a day after the official July 19 deadline set by the so-called contact group which drew up the plan.
The plan would require the Serbs to give up some of the 70 percent of Bosnian territory they now control after 27 months of fighting.
But the timing is considered important, coming after heightened IRA activity and the killing Tuesday of a key loyalist figure.
"It might also be confronted by intra-Haitian violence, as scores are settled after the departure of the senior military leadership," Boutros-Ghali warned, adding that the force would thus need to have control over ports of entry and the reformation of security forces.
Humiliated Brits on brink of disaster  MANCHESTER, England, July 15 (AFP)  British tennis was heading for another Davis Cup debacle after being outplayed by supposed no-hopers Romania here on Friday.
Macari set to sue Celtic  GLASGOW, Scotland, July 15 (AFP)  Lou Macari confirmed on Friday his plans to sue Celtic for breach of contract over his dismissal after just eight months as coach.
Macari's decision comes after Kilmarnock withdrew their threatened court action against former boss Tommy Burns and his assistant Billy Stark for joining the Glasgow club.
The 6ft 3ins Skuhravy, who cost Genoa two million pounds from Sparta Prague after the 1990 World Cup finals, is expected to sign a four- year deal.
Frank Nobilo joined fellow Kiwi Turner, Englishman Jonathan Lomas and American David Edwards on 136 after hitting a fine 67, including four birdies.
Maverick John Daly had gone to the turn in a superb 32 after a round of 68 on Thursday, but then threw five shots away in two holes, including a triple-bogey tenth, when he lost his ball on the beach.
That meant he could not reach the green with his third shot and, after he did with his fourth, he three-putted.
Nick Faldo, the 1992 champion who ended five over on Thursday after hitting the wrong ball, gave himself hope of making the cut with a round of 66 to finish one over.
Argentina, Uruguay in Davis Cup deadlock  MONTEVIDEO, July 15 (AFP)  Argentina and Uruguay were level 1-1 after Friday's opening singles rubbers in the Davis Cup American Zone 1 final here.
British Open quotes  TURNBERRY, Scotland, July 15 (AFP)  Quotes after second round of British Open Championship on Friday: TOM WATSON: "I feel good about the way I am playing now.
British Open scores  TURNBERRY, Scotland, July 15  Scores after the second round of the British Open championship here on Friday (GB unless stated; par 70): 133 - Tom Watson (USA) 65-68 134 - Jesper Parnevik (Sweden) 68-66, Brad Faxon (USA) 69-65 135 - Nick Price (Zimbabwe) 69-66 136 - Greg Turner (New Zealand) 65-71, Frank Nobilo (New Zealand) 69-67, Jonathan Lomas 66-70, Dave Edwards (USA) 68-68 137 - Fuzzy Zoeller (USA) 71-66, David Feherty 68-69, Loren Roberts (USA) 68-69, Ronan Rafferty 66 138 - Vijay Singh (Fiji) 70-68, Davis Love-III (USA) 71-67, Mark Brooks (USA) 74-64, Ernie Els (South Africa) 69-69, Greg Norman (Australia) 71-67, Brian Watts (USA) 68-70, Katsuyoshi Tomori (Japan) 69-69, Jean Van De Velde (France) 68-70, Darren Clarke 73-68, Gary Evans 69-69 139 - Michael Springer (USA) 72-67, Warren Bennett 72-67, Terence Price (Australia) 74-65, Tom Lehman (USA) 70-69, Peter Senior (Australia) 68-71 140 - Bob Estes (USA) 72-68, Tom Kite (USA) 71-69, David Gilford 72-68, John Daly (USA) 68-72, Carl Mason 69-71, Severiano Ballesteros (Spain) 70-70, Craig Parry 72-68, Christy O'Connor Jnr (Ireland) 71-69, John Cook (USA) 73-67, Andrew Coltart 71-69, Masashi Ozaki (Japan) 69-71, Paul Lawrie 71-69 141 - Jim Gallagher Jnr (USA) 73-68, Nick Faldo 75-66, Mark Calcavecchia (USA) 71-70, Mark McNulty (Zimbabwe) 71-70, Domingo Hospital (Spain) 72-69, Brian Marchbank 71-70, Colin Gillies 71-70, David Frost (S Africa) 70-71, Robert Allenby (Australia) 72-69, Tommy Nakjima (Japan) 73-68, Colin Montgomerie 72-69, Darren Clarke 73-68 142 - Larry Mize (USA) 73-69, Wayne Grady (Australia) 68-74, Mark Roe 74-68, Ruben Alvarez (Argentina) 70-72, Ross McFarlane 68-74, Bernhard Langer (Germany) 72-70, Per-Ulrik Johansson(Sweden) 73-69 
The incident occurred after a series of religious clashes between Roman Catholics and Moslems at the university.
Transvestites to crown queen in Panama over presidential objections  PANAMA CITY, July 15 (AFP)  Tranvestites planning a beauty contest here said Friday that they would crown a queen this weekend even even after President Guillermo Endara banned the ceremony from the National Theater.
UNITA rebels capture town in Cabinda aid official BRAZZAVILLE, July 15 (AFP) - Angola's rebel UNITA movement has taken control of Belize in the northern oil-producing Cabinda enclave after fierce fighting with government troops, an aid official said Friday here in neighbouring Congo.
But after a one-hour meeting in Brussels, where the two leaders were attending the special European Council summit, Reynolds told RTE that the two governments were taking a "softly, softly" approach.
The budget was implemented by a royal ordinance in the absence of parliament, which was dissolved by King Birendra Sunday on Koirala's advice after his government lost a crucial parliamentary vote on its annual socio-economic and political programmes.
Traders were waiting to make decisions until after hearing Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan's remarks to a congressional committee on Monday.
Dow closes 14.56 points higher  NEW YORK, July 15 (AFP)  Blue-chip stocks closed higher Friday after a moderately active session as investors were calmed by stable interest rates.
"This is a very difficult process and negotiations are very hard but the president (Boris Yeltsin) and the foreign minister will do all they can to maximise the possiblities opening up for us after the elections in Belarus and Ukraine," Kozyrev said.
"We are now in full control and going after the terrorists," the statement added.
Diplomatic relations between the two countries were broken after the Six-Day War in June 1967 and not re-established until March 1993.
"He showed great character after all the criticism he got at the start of the tournament from the Italian press.
At the latest it will take place on Saturday," Khan told reporters after talks with Kagame, the RPF's military chief.
"Not only might the force face hostile actions directed against it by individuals or organized groups from the armed forces of Haiti or other sectors of Haitian society which have supported the illegal regime, it might also be confronted by intra-Haitian violence as scores are settled after the departure of the senior military leadership," the report said.
The second phase of the operation could either be carried out by the multinational force or be turned over to an expanded UN Mission in Haiti after the departure of Haiti's military leadership, according the secretary-general's report.
He left the stadium minutes after limping off the track, saying: "I just hope its nothing too serious."
Suddenly, things have turned sour for the big man after the euphoria of leading Britain into the World Cup.
There was also a welcome return after injury for European javelin champion Steve Backley, third in a competition won by team-mate Mick Hill.
Pyongyang by Friday had given no official word as to what will happen to the 82-year-old cadaver after Sunday's funeral.
(HONG KONG) Eighteen years after his death, 40,000 people shuffle reverentlly past his preserved remains each day.
In fact, Ho had asked to be cremated, but his image as Vietnam's patriarch needed to be maintained with a mausoleum -- a decision made after his death.
Lenin, embalmed at Stalin's behest shortly after his death in 1924, became a site for millions of Communist pilgrims.
Stocks post broad gains for week  NEW YORK, July 15 (AFP)  Stocks on Wall Street posted broad gains for the week on Friday, strengthened by a stronger bond market and a stabilized dollar after difficulties early in the week.
"The dollar had to struggle to find its natural levels after the G7 meeting," said Wachtel, referring to the dollar's slide after the summit of the Group of Seven industrial democracies.
JP Morgan closed at 60-7/8 down from 62-1/4 after releasing figures showing lower profits.
He was commenting at a press conference, held shortly after being approved as the new head of government in a parliamentary vote, on a recent proposal by Brussels that Hungary, Poland and the Czech and Slovak republics should become EU members together.
With midfielder and captain Jonas Thern missing from Saturday's match after he was sent-off for a foul on Dunga, the Brazilian captain, the absence of Dahlin would be a severe blow to Swedish coach Tommy Svensson.
Left-back Roger Ljung is also suspended after receiving his second yellow card against Brazil.
The RPF issued its appeal over Radio Rwanda, the former government radio station which had been off the air since April 11, shortly after the outbreak of ethnic massacres across the tiny African country following the death of its president in a plane crash.
The presentation style and content of the broadcast was similar to that of the RPF's Radio Muhabura, which has not been heard since July 9, five days after the mainly Tutsi rebels captured the capital Kigali, the BBC said.
"The RPF again appeals to all the people to return home instead of fleeing after the criminals," the radio said, in an apparent reference to members of the ousted Hutu-led government who have fled the rebel advance.
Carvajal, 77, was defense minister in Pinochet's first cabinet after the September 11, 1973 military coup.
Pinochet stepped down in 1990 after losing a plebiscite on his government in 1988.
(new series) (picture) Israeli-Jordanian summit hailed as "step forward" in peace process by Andre Viollaz  WASHINGTON, July 16 (AFP)  Ten months after the signing of a landmark Israeli-Palestinian accord, Israel and Jordan announced plans for a summit described as another possible turning point in the Middle East peace process.
Twenty-four years after football's greatest masterpiece was created in Mexico City, Brazil-Italy II finally goes into production on Sunday.
(LOS ANGELES) The Italians, with only 72 hours to adapt to California time and conditions after an exhausting month in the sultry heat of the east, appear to have everything against them.
(LOS ANGELES) Italy made a disastrous start to the tournament, losing 1-0 to Ireland, and no team has gone on to win the Cup after losing their opening match.
Mazinho, more of a workhorse than the creative Rai, was taken off after the first half of their semi-final against Sweden.
"Romario is a genius," Brazilian coach Carlos Alberto Parreira said after the recalled player scored both goals in a crucial World Cup qualifier against Uruguay last September.
Rai however did little after being brought on for Mazinho and his World Cup is surely over.
He limped off with a slight hamstring strain after an hour of Wednesday's 2-1 win over Bulgaria in their semi-final but his absence would be unthinkable.
That might allow Franco Baresi, who needed arthroscopic surgery on his right knee 20 days ago after the dramatic win over Norway, to return to captain the side.
(LOS ANGELES) Italy made a disastrous start to the tournament, losing 1-0 to Ireland, and no team has gone on to win the Cup after losing their opening match.
Baggio, whose place in the team was in doubt after his disappointing first round display, now has five goals in his last three games and everyone of them was crucial.
For Dino, Italy's World Cup success has come as a welcome relief after the trials and tribulations he suffered last season at Juventus which led to his transfer.
It will be Maldini who will fill the gap left by injured Italian captain Franco Baresi, the veteran who is not expected to be fit enough to play after undergoing arthroscopic knee surgery late last month.
And he replaced Azeglio Vicini as national coach in 1991 after winning two European Cups with AC Milan where his attacking style of play went against the grain of Italian football.
Pele put Brazil in front in the 17th minute, powering in a header off a cross from Rivelino after a left touchline throw-in.
"But just after the break Gerson scored that superb goal and we were completely demoralised.
Only brought into the side after Mozer was struck with a liver complaint.
Brought back after Brazil were humbled by Bolovia in a qualifying match in '93.
Said after the win with Russia that this was to be "Romario's World Cup."
The AC Milan sweeper could return to the side after missing most of the tournament with a knee injury suffered in the second match.
Recently rejoined the national team after a long absence due to injury.
Getting better and better after a disappointing start to the World Cup but now his appearance in the final is threatened by injury.
Puhl, 39 on Thursday, booked two Spaniards in the Spain-Italy quarter- final but missed the incident in which blood streamed down Enrique's face after his nose was broken.
Tassotti was later suspended for eight matches by FIFA after they had examined viedo evidence to sanction an off-the-ball incident for the first time.
Denmark's Peter Mikkelsen had been favourite of the nine referees left after the quarter-finals to handle Sunday's final.
World Cup statistics  LOS ANGELES, California, July 16 (AFP)  World Cup statistics after the semi-finals: Attendances First round: Group A: 497,541 (average 82,924).
Average per match: 2.58 Second round: 25 (average 3.12) Quarter-finals: 15 (average 3.75) Semi-finals: 4 (average 2) Biggest win: Russia 6 Cameroon 1 (Group B) Top-scoring team: Sweden 11, Brazil 11 Best defence: Brazil 3 goals Leading scorer: Oleg Salenko (Russia) 6 Best individual performance: Salenko 5 v Cameroon (World Cup record) Penalties: 15 (all converted) Red and yellow cards after semi-finals Sendings-off: 15.
The government moved in the middle of 1993 to clamp down on massive real estate speculation after investment in the sector grew 115 percent between January and June, soaking up credit and pushing up inflation to more than 20 percent in big cities.
(AFP)     WASHINGTON: Ten months after the signing of a landmark Israeli-Palestinian  peace accord, Israel and Jordan announced plans for a summit described as a  possible turning point in the Middle East peace process.
The chairman of the summit,  German Chancellor Helmut Kohl, said after a brief emergency summit that Santer  was a "committed European."
Baby Abbie Humphries was snatched on July 1, only four hours after her birth, from the maternity ward of Nottingham's Queen's Medical Centre by a woman wearing a nurse's uniform who told her parents she was taking her for tests.
Lee, after calling a special cabinet meeting to analyse the North Korean decision to change the funeral date from July 17 to July 19, also said there had been "no hint of trouble in the power transfer" from Kim to his eldest son and heir-apparent, Kim Jong-Il. The postponement could effectively delay a resumption of high-level North Korea-US nuclear talks and the widely anticipated formal appointment of the younger Kim as the hardline communist state's president and ruling party chief.
The United States and North Korea had earlier agreed to meet after the funeral, originally scheduled for Sunday, to consider resuming their talks on the Korean nuclear crisis Kim's sudden death at age 82 on July 8, officially attributed to a heart attack, was announced hours after the two sides opened a long- pending third round of the high-level nuclear talks.
Patten's electoral package was recently approved by the territory's Legislative Council, despite China's vehement opposition and warnings to scrap the entire legislature after 1997.
He was sent to Hong Kong to replace Xu Jiatun in 1990 after Xu defected to the United States to protest the crackdown on the pro- democracy movement in China in 1989.
It also broke off and postponed resumption of talks on the nuclear issue in Geneva, saying it would contact Washington at the United Nations in New York after the funeral of Kim Il-Sung to set a resumption date.
Looting after the fire has proved an embarrassment to the authorities, who banned foreign television crews from filming the scene.
France asked to accept Cambodia's rebel prince: embassy  KUALA LUMPUR, July 16 (AFP)  France, which co-brokered the 1991 accord to bring peace in Cambodia, has been asked by Malaysia to take in rebel Prince Norodom Chakrapong, who fled to Kuala Lumpur after a failed coup attempt, officials said Saturday.
Arnaud said France was one of the few countries that had been approached to accept Prince Chakrapong, who had been hiding in Kuala Lumpur since July 3 soon after the failed coup.
Anwar said the prince would be asked to leave the country at the appropriate time after being accepted by a third country.
Qian told journalists before entering talks with Goodlad that "comprehensive cooperation in all areas" was required if they were to work together after two years of wrangling over electoral reform in Hong Kong, which reverts to China on July 1, 1997.
Snatched baby Abbie reunited with parents after police swoop  LONDON, July 16 (AFP)  Missing baby Abbie Humphries, snatched only four hours after her birth, was returned to her parents Saturday in an emotional reunion after detectives discovered the infant in a house in Nottingham, central England, police said.
Detectives who had been searching for the newborn baby were understood to have swooped on the address after receiving a tip-off.
The petrol-driven tuk-tuks -- which are named after the sound their engines make -- are used mainly as inexpensive taxis.
The blast came two days after four persons were injured in a grenade explosion in the city.
But the United States gave up now trying to break up the Syrian- Lebanese tandem after realising that it would "make Damascus more nervous," the official added.
Israel has repeatedly accused Syria of stoking violence in south Lebanon to win concessions in the peace talks and has warned Damascus to rein in Hezbollah after each flare-up.
Last month Siamese twins Mahletse and Ntabiseng Makwaeba, who were joined at the head, died after being separated in a 12-hour operation at Ga-Rankuwa Hospital north of Pretoria.
Kidnapped baby Abbie reunited with parents after police swoop  LONDON, July 16 (AFP)  Missing baby Abbie Humphries, snatched only four hours after her birth, was reunited with her parents early Saturday after police found the infant in a house barely a mile from where she was kidnapped two weeks ago, police said.
Detectives heading a nationwide search for the newborn baby were understood to have swooped on the address after receiving a tip-off.
Canada all square with Uruguay  MONTREAL, July 16 (AFP)  Canada and Uruguay were tied 1-1 after Friday's opening singles in their Davis Cup American Zone Group II promotion play-off here.
Carbajal takes WBO title  PHOENIX, Arizona, July 16 (AFP)  American Michael Carbajal became the WBO light-flyweight champion here on Friday night after beating Puerto Rican title holder Josue Camacho on points.
The United States and North Korea had earlier agreed to meet after the funeral to consider resuming their talks on the Korean crisis stemming from the North's suspected nuclear arms program.
"There has been no hint of trouble in the power transfer," he said after calling a special cabinet meeting on the North Korean move.
(picture) City officials pledge help for Hanoi fire victims after demonstration by Robert Templer  HANOI, July 16 (AFP)  Hundreds of traders who lost their livelihoods in a disastrous fire in Hanoi's central market demonstrated Saturday outside the city hall, prompting officials to pledge rapid help in restarting their businesses.
After about 500 people gathered outside the building, some were allowed to enter the town hall for a meeting with Dinh Hanh, deputy chairman of the People's Committee, who pledged assistance to get the merchants back on their feet after their devastating losses.
Officials would give a more detailed response after a meeting Monday to discuss the situation, Hanh said, without mentioning possible compensation for the traders.
"When one of the fire trucks turned up after 15 minutes it didn't even have any water."
Imelda Marcos, who became well-known for her love of glamour and her jet-set friends, was sentenced to 18 to 24 years in jail after being convicted of graft in October but has remained free while the case is being appealed.
However, there was good news for Mike Sullivan, who went clear at the top of the leaderboard after having shared the overnight lead.
Two more birdies -- a 20-footer at the 17th and a tap-in at the last after having chipped to within a foot -- put him on top.
Hoch was less happy after having been five under on the front nine before slipping on the way home.
"A physical clash between the security forces and the demonstrators took place in front of the office of the local health service after the demonstrators started throwing stones," the department said.
Western nations withdrew aid to Zaire in 1991 after President Mobutu Sese Seko dismissed Prime Minister Etienne Tshisekedi, a leading figure of the opposition Democratic Union for Social Progress.
Carner ready for victory  NEW ROCHELLE, New York (AFP)  Tour veteran JoAnne Carner was bidding for her first victory since 1985 after taking a two-stroke lead in the 650,000 dollar JAL Big Apple Classic second round on Friday.
Dissident arrested for trying to cross into N Korea  SEOUL, July 16 (AFP)  South Korean officers arrested a dissident leader Saturday after thwarting his unauthorized bid to cross the fortified border into North Korea to pay homage to late North Korean President Kim Il-Sung.
                    Jupiter-comet-SAfrica                     600 words around 1130 GMT                     by Bryan Pearson     LONDON:         Missing baby Abbie Humphries, snatched                     only four hours after her birth, is                     reunited with her parents after                     police find her in a house barely                     a mile from where she was kidnapped                     two weeks ago, police said.
                    Britain-kidnap,3rdlead                     500 words around 1200 GMT                     Police presser scheduled at 1000 GMT                     by Philippe Bernes-Lasserre     AMMAN:          Israel and Jordan prepare for their first                     bilateral peace negotiations in the Middle East                     after breaking a taboo by announcing                     a public summit between King Hussein                     and Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin                     Israel-Jordan,                     550 words moved                     by Randa Habib     BEIRUT:         Lebanon has linked its fate with                     Syria's in demanding a comprehensive                     Arab-Israeli settlement "or nothing at all"                     even as the Jordanians and Palestinians                     march toward their own peace with Israel.
India to sell big loss-makers by Anil Penna  NEW DELHI, July 16 (AFP)  Two of India's largest loss-making public sector companies are going on sale after being declared sick and are looking for new owners to nurse them back to health.
Ramos reiterates invitation to Clinton  MANILA, July 16 (AFP)  President Fidel Ramos has reiterated an invitation to US President Bill Clinton to visit the Philippines after both attend the Asia- Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Indonesia later this year.
Named after religious shrines at its base, Subzpush Hill has a network of deep trenches dug around the top, but pro-Rabbani defenders said they did not keep a permanent force on the hill because of the heavy bombardment they receive from Hezb-i-Islami gunners.
Journalist and two party officials die in Chinese floods  BEIJING, July 16 (AFP)  One journalist died and two Chinese officials, including a local party secretary, are missing after being swept away in flooding in northeastern Liaoning province, the People's Daily said Saturday.
Four people died in Beijing early this week after the worst storm in 35 years.
On June 19, 1967, a few days after the war ended, the Israeli government secretly adopted a resolution recognising "Syrian sovereignty over the Golan."
Beattie was recovering in a top Paris hospital on Saturday after the accident during Friday's free practice session for the French Grand Prix.
The verdict was announced about 30 minutes after the session opened.
Relatives chased after the convoy, shouting out the mens' names.
Sekiguchi spent much of Friday night photographing the planet so that comparisons can be made before and after impact.
The inspiration in question was an Arnold Palmer putter, found by a spectator three days after it had been lost by the 30-year old PGA Tour player near the Ailsa course's exhibition tent.
Kraft had been driven to talking substantial rewards after four three- putts in two days and a second round of 74 had left him three strokes over par and ten behind leader Tom Watson.
The blast came two days after four persons were injured in a grenade explosion in Jammu.
South Korean officers on Saturday arrested Kan Hi-Nam, a 75-year-old dissident pastor, Saturday after thwarting his unauthorized bid to cross the fortified border into North Korea to pay homage at the bier of Kim Il-Sung.
Kidnapped baby Abbie reunited with parents after police swoop  LONDON, July 16 (AFP)  Baby Abbie Humphries, snatched only four hours after her birth, was reunited with her parents early Saturday after police found the infant in a house barely a mile from where she was kidnapped two weeks ago, police said.
Abbie Humphries, known as "Baby Abbie" throughout the country, was kidnapped four hours after her birth at the Queen's Medical Centre by a young, dark-haired woman wearing a nurse's uniform.
The conversation came a day after US President Bill Clinton announced that Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and King Hussein of Jordan would hold their first ever summit meeting in Washington on July 25.
Premier Silvio Berlusconi on Saturday renewed a fierce attack on the Italian legal system, the day after his government threatened to resign unless parliament approved the measure in a forthcoming debate.
They are among hundreds eager finally to shake hands with their leader after security men received orders to let the crowds in to the seaside Palestine Hotel where Arafat has set up headquarters.
Pro-Abiola's protesters clash with police  LAGOS, July 16 (AFP)  Demonstrators demanding the release of jailed opposition leader Moshood Abiola clashed with police after a senior state official had attempted to explain the self-declared president's continued detention, press reports said here Saturday.
The millionaire businessman was arrested and charged 10 days ago after declaring mid-June that the military government illegitimate and pronouncing himself head of state.
A police spokesman said the assailants made a safe getaway after throwing stones at the home in Vetschau and damaging a car.
Police arrested some 10 people after demonstrators clashed with residents of the village.
Ikhlas Bassam, 38, who usually lived in the United States, was shot in cold blood by her brother after she appeared on Israeli television last week with dyed blonde hair and wearing a short dress.
At the latest it will take place Saturday," Khan told reporters after talks with Kagame, the RPF military chief.
Between 500,000 and a million people are believed to have died in ethnic killings that erupted after the president's death in a suspect plane crash on April 6.
Senior officers at the UN Assistance Mission for Rwanda (UNAMIR) said a ceasefire would probably be announced after the fall of Gisenyi, while some politicians said the delay might reflect internal differences despite Kagame's "strongman" role.
Earlier reports Friday, citing an aid official in Congo, said the town had been captured by forces of the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA) after fierce fighting with government troops.
The conversation came a day after US President Bill Clinton announced that Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and King Hussein of Jordan would hold their first ever summit meeting in Washington on July 5.
But after a gruelling day in the mountains on Friday, and a near eight-minute deficit on Indurain, Rominger could not find the mental or physical strength to continue on Saturday.
Finally, after an hour-long crisis meeting Thursday, Dormagen town officials and Neuss district police announced everything would be done to catch the caiman alive.
His compatriot Tommy Nakajima remained on par after 16 holes, having hit two birdies and the same number of bogies.
Scot Colin Montgomerie, who had been one over after the second round, moved into the leading group with a third round 65, including seven birdies and two bogies.
Sent in on a green wicket, the tourists were 86 for three by lunch after three of their leading batsmen had fallen cheaply.
Hundreds evacuated after lorry crashes  ONTARIO, California, July 16 (AFP)  A tanker carrying toxic chemicals skidded off a motorway and crashed into a house here Saturday, killing at least one person and forcing police to evacuate hundreds of people.
Fumes spread out over the area after the crash and, as a precaution, hundreds of residents were told to leave their homes and were taken to temporary shelters.
Four Israeli journalists joined the press conference given by Jordanian Information Minister Jawad Anani, the day after the announcement of the first ever summit meeting between King Hussein of Jordan and Israeli Prime Minister Yizhak Rabin on July 25 in Washington.
Spain's Miguel Indurain retained his leader's yellow jersey after the 223km (138 mile) run from Bagneres-de-Bigorre to Albi.
(corrected repetition) Canada and Venezuela even in Davis Cup  MONTREAL, July 15 (AFP)  Canada and Venezuela were tied 1-1 after Friday's opening singles in their Davis Cup American Zone group II promotion play-off.
Jordanian man hanged for rape, murder of child  AMMAN, July 16 (AFP)  A Jordanian man was hanged on Saturday in Amman after being sentenced to death for the rape and murder of an eight-year-old child, security services said here.
And after a gruelling day in the Pyrenees on Friday, coupled with a near eight-minute deficit on Indurain, Rominger could not find the mental or physical strength on Saturday to continue.
He had been widely tipped to break the Spaniard's stranglehold on the title after coming second last year and winning his third consecutive Tour of Spain in May.
The authorities said a unit had gone to his residence only after being roughed up by his militants.
Solzhenitsyn "more optimistic" about Russia  MOSCOW, July 16 (AFP)  Russian author Alexander Solzhenitsyn said he was "more optimistic" about Russia after his meetings with people during his trip across the country, said the ITAR-TASS news agency Saturday.
The house, after many hesitations, voted to invite Solzhenitsyn in June.
Madfa did not elaborate on the measures but according to officials several video shops have been fined and shut after they were found selling pornographic films, which are strictly banned in this conservative Moslem society.
On Monday one Russian, one Ukrainian, two Belarus nationals, two Yugoslavs, a Romanian and four Algerians died in three separate attacks at the hands of gunmen, three days after seven Italian sailors had their throats slit as they slept aboard their cargo ship.
Aden has been ransacked in an orgy of looting after northern troops captured it nine days ago, ending two months of civil war between forces loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh and those of breakaway southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid.
The Dutch won 2-6, 7-6 (8-6), 6-3, 6-7 (2/7), 6-2) to reduce the American lead to 2-1 after Friday's singles, both won by the visitors.
Briseno, 41, was suspended without pay after the beating on March 3, 1991, a crime that unleashed some of the worst urban rioting ever in the United States after a jury in a state trial failed to convict the four officers involved.
Another officer, Timothy Wind was fired from the police force two months after the King beating.
The American's third round 66 came after he was reunited with his trusty 30-year-old Arnold Palmer putter, a gift from his grandfather when he started playing the game.
It had been mislaid on Tuesday by caddy Todd Blersch, who was then promptly sacked after a year's service, such was the 30-year-old player's distress.
Wessels went past 50 for the fifth time in eight innings after South Africa had been made to struggle by understrength Northants.
Taylor, dropped by England after the Lord's Test against New Zealand, had Gerhardus Liebenberg caught behind off a lifter while Penberthy sent back Gary Kirsten -- well taken at mid-off by his pace partner via a mistimed pull.
Perruchot stressed that their presence could compromise the work of the international commission being set up to investigate the massacres that erupted in Rwanda after president Juvenal Habyarimana's death in a suspect plane crash on April 6, which has left between 500,000 and one million people dead.
Two Arab ambassadors feared kidnapped in Algeria  ALGIERS, July 16 (AFP)  The ambassadors of Yemen and Oman were feared kidnapped Saturday, a day after going missing in an Islamic fundamentalist stronghold near Algiers, Algerian security services and diplomats said.
On Monday one Russian, one Ukrainian, two Belarus nationals, two Yugoslavs, a Romanian and four Algerians died in three separate attacks at the hands of gunmen, three days after seven Italian sailors had their throats slit as they slept aboard their cargo ship.
Swede Jesper Parnevik, who had shared second place with Faxon after Friday's round was out of luck, however, dropping shots at the fifth and sixth before a birdie at seventh took him back to five under.
Englishman Mark James joined the five unders after a round of 66 that included five birdies.
Montgomerie, who had been one over after the second round, hit a third round 65, including seven birdies and two bogies.
The discovery was made during a check of the barracks after an earlier less thorough search for arms and ammunition ignored areas thought to be less important.
Uwilingiyimana was kidnapped on April 7 by extremist government troops from a UN compound in Kigali, where she had sought refuge a day after Rwandan President Juvenal Habyarimana and President Cyprien Ntaryamira of Burundi, both Hutus, died in a suspect plane crash near Kigali.
"Doohan is very fast, but he is not unbeatable," said the Suzuki rider who is still suffering after cracking his wrist in practice for the Dutch Grand Prix last month.
Doohan leads the Texan reigning world champion by 51 points in the riders' table after winning the last five 500cc races.
(AFP) High life Scandinavian Airlines are planning an airborne party for the Swedish World Cup team when they fly home on Sunday, one day after playing the third-place match against Bulgaria.
The Serbs currently control around 70 percent of land after more than two years of fighting.
His team doctor Benjamin Fernandez said he was suffering from gastro- enteritis which struck first four days ago after the harsh 13 km climb to the 11th stage finish at Lourdes Hautacam.
And after a gruelling day in the Pyrenees on Friday, coupled with a near eight-minute deficit on Indurain, Rominger could not find the mental or physical strength on Saturday to continue.
Rominger had been widely tipped to break the Spaniard's stranglehold on the title after winning his third consecutive Tour of Spain in May.
Yemeni government sources said Hussain had been dismissed by Sanaa after backing the southern uprising but this was not confirmed in Algiers.
On Monday one Russian, one Ukrainian, two Belarus nationals, two Yugoslavs, a Romanian and four Algerians died in three separate attacks at the hands of gunmen, three days after seven Italian sailors had their throats slit as they slept aboard their cargo ship.
But the hosts and 1992 champions slumped to fourth in the seedings when jaded world number-one Steffi Graf renounced selection after her shock defeats in Paris and Wimbledon.
The talented Mary Pierce, 18 and finalist at the French Open after beating Steffi Graf, will be playing for the first time since she was chased out of Wimbledon by a fear of grass court tennis and a campaign by British tabloid newspaper allegedly planning to confront her with her estranged and controversial American father Jim Pierce.
Looters ransacked Aden after it fell to northern troops, ending two months of civil war between forces loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh and those of breakaway southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid.
Food prices, which soared during the war, fell slightly after a government announcement Friday that the state had "sufficient quantities" of foodstuffs to supply southern regions.
(new series) Bihac fighting switches to northern front  SARAJEVO, July 16 (AFP)  Fighting in Bosnia's Bihac pocket Saturday appeared to switch from east to north as government forces took on Moslem rebels after morning clashes with the Serbs.
Under the September 13 Declaration of Principles for autonomy, the status of Jerusalem will be negotiated only after two years of Palestinian self-rule.
Demirel's warning came after a meeting with Croatian President Franjo Tudjman in the presidential palace outside Zagreb.
High-level talks between NATO and UNPROFOR took place Saturday in Zagreb to mull over contingency plans for the period after July 19.
Illingworth took two for 16 in 11 overs after frustrating the host county with an unbeaten 59 in a last-wicket stand of 102 with newcomer Parvaz Mirza (40) earlier in the day.
Inspired by Peter Hartley and Craig White, who took three wickets apiece, they dismissed Leicestershire for 373 after a dramatic slump from 302 for two.
Tim Robinson looked set to battle it out, but, after making a defiant 55, he gloved a looping catch to Harvey Trump at third slip off the bowling of Neil Mallender.
Speaking after attending the Central European Initiative summit in this northern town, Haris Silajdzic appealed for "mutual recognition" of internationally accepted frontiers.
Shortly after it sailed out of the Havana harbor at around 3:00 a.m., the tug was chased and intercepted by other tugs, which turned hoses on the fleeing boat and rammed it several times, causing it to sink, she said.
The home team opted for an attacking style but they were never able to create clearcut scoring chances and after Jang had given her side a third minute lead, Cho Eun-Jung sealed the win following a penalty corner in the 53rd minute.
In third place are Australia on goal difference after drawing 1-1 with fourth placed Spain.
Fuzzy's back in the big time  TURNBERRY, Scotland, July 16 (AFP)  Fuzzy Zoeller, whose big time career looked finished 10 years ago because of an agonising back complaint, sat proudly in leader after the third round of the British Open here on Saturday.
Watson, who had to be content with a 69 after four bogies and three birdies, is joined by world number three Nick Price, Ulsterman Ronan Rafferty and Swede Jesper Parnevik on an overall 202, a stroke behind the leaders.
British Open quotes  TURNBERRY, Scotland, July 16 (AFP)  Quotes after third round of British Open championship on Saturday: FUZZY ZOELLER: "Being up there is all you can ask for going into the final round.
Abiola is being held on charges of treason after unilaterally proclaiming himself head of state on the first anniversary of the poll.
The Parma forward then turned provider after being pulled down by Petar Houbchev 40 yards out on the half hour.
No immediate effect after comet collision: astronomers  SUTHERLAND, South Africa, July 16 (AFP)  Astronomers at the South African Astronomical Observatory (SAOO) near this isolated town reported seeing no immediate effects Saturday of a collision between a comet and the planet Jupiter.
Gordon takes Toronto pole  TORONTO, July 16 (AFP)  Robby Gordon won his first Indy-car pole position here Saturday after racers tried in vain to match the provisional mark he set in time trials Friday.
"I know from last year the track begins to get more grip after the first 20 laps of the race, so I hope that happens again this time."
The tuna vessel, The Gabriel, was "on the point of sinking but still afloat" after being burned and looted, the French ministry said.
Last April, similar confrontations took place when a French trawler, The Laetitia, was taken hostage with its crew after incidents between 60 Spanish and 12 French trawlers.
Half an hour after the predicted impact time of 1959 GMT (eds: correct) Saturday, there was still no sign of any changes, he added.
Brolin, selected along with Stoichkov in FIFA's World Cup XI, celebrated by kick-starting the first half rout after only eight minutes in the Rose Bowl.
The Parma forward then turned provider after being pulled down by Petar Houbchev 40 yards out on the half hour.
Bulgaria might have got back into the match after Brolin's opener but Nasko Sirakov's long range effort was touched round by Ravelli in full flight.
In the 53rd minute he came off his line to thwart Larsson with his feet after the Swedish forward had been sent sprinting clear by Andersson's through ball.
Then five minutes from the end, just after Stoichkov had squandered his final chance, he stopped Andersson's shot from point blank range.
The shot was fired after an "inadvertent" incident between French forces and troops of the rebel Tutsi-led Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF), Bolleli said.
Rain dominates US PGA stop  MADISON, Mississippi, July 16 (AFP)  Brian Henninger birdied five of his 12 holes here Saturday to grab a share of the lead after two-rounds of the PGA's rain-shortened Deposit Guaranty Classic.
He is nicknamed "The Last Viking" by Parma fans, a club he joined just after the 1990 World Cup for 1.5 million dollars.
Body of icebound skier recovered 10 years after death  CHAMONIX, France, July 16 (AFP)  The body of a skier swept to his death 10 years ago by an avalanche was uncovered in a glacier near this alpine resort, police said Saturday.
LOS ANGELES, July 16 (AFP)  World Cup goalscorers after Saturday's match: 6: Oleg Salenko (Russia), Hristo Stoichkov (Bulgaria) 5: Kennet Andersson (Sweden), Roberto Baggio (Italy), Jurgen Klinsmann (Germany), Romario (Brazil) 4: Gabriel Batistuta (Argentina), Martin Dahlin (Sweden), Florin Raducioiu (Romania) 3: Bebeto (Brazil), Dennis Bergkamp (Holland), Tomas Brolin (Sweden), Jose Luis Caminero (Spain), Gheorghe Hagi (Romania) 2: Philippe Albert (Belgium), Fuad Amin Anwar (S Arabia), Daniel Amokachi (Nigeria), Emmanuel Amunike (Nigeria), Dino Baggio (Italy), Georges Bregy (Switzerland), Claudio Caniggia (Argentina), Ilie Dumitrescu (Romania), Luis Garcia (Mexico), Andoni Goikoetxea (Spain), Hong Myung-Bo (South Korea), Wim Jonk (Holland), Yordan Letchkov (Bulgaria), Adolfo Valencia (Colombia), Rudi Voller (Germany) 1: John Aldridge (Ireland), Sami Al Jaber (S Arabia), Abel Balbo (Argentina), Aitor Begiristain (Spain), Daniel Borimirov (Bulgaria), Branco (Brazil), Mohamed Chaouch (Morocco), Stephane Chapuisat (Switzerland), Marc Degryse (Belgium), David Embe (Cameroon), Luis Enrique (Spain), George Finidi (Nigeria), Alberto Garcia Aspe (Mexico), Herman Gaviria (Colombia), Fahad Al Ghesheyan (Saudi Arabia), Josep Guardiola (Spain), Fernando Hierro (Spain), Ray Houghton (Republic of Ireland), Hwang Sun-hong (South Korea), Adrian Knup (Switzerland), Henrik Larsson (Sweden), Roger Ljung (Sweden), Harold Lozano (Colombia), Diego Maradona (Argentina), Lothar Mathaus (Germany), Hakan Mild (Sweden), Roger Milla (Cameroon), Hassan Nader (Morocco), Francois Omam-Biyik (Cameroon), Saeed Owairan (Saudi Arabia), Dan Petrescu (Romania), Dimitri Radchenko (Russia), Rai (Brazil), Kjetil Rekdal (Norway), Karlheinz Riedle (Germany), Brian Roy (Holland), Julio Salinas (Spain), Erwin Sanchez (Bolivia), Marcio Santos (Brazil), Seo Jung-Won (South Korea), Samson Siasia (Nigeria), Nasko Sirakov (Bulgaria), Ernie Stewart (USA), Alain Sutter (Switzerland), Gaston Taument (Holland), Aron Winter (Holland), Eric Wynalda (USA), Rashidi Yekini (Nigeria) Own goal: Andres Escobar (Colombia) bdb94 
MADISON, Mississippi, July 16 (AFP)  Results here Saturday after the second-round of the rain-shortened 700,000-dollar PGA Deposit Guaranty Classic (USA unless noted): 135 - Mike Sullivan 66-69, Brian Henninger 67-68 136 - Guy Boros 69-67, Scott Hoch 69-67, Dave Stockton Jnr 69-67, Tommy Armour 71-65, Chris Dimarco 70-66 137 - Dicky Pride 73-64, Stan Utley 67-70, Bobby Clampett 68-69 ...
Astronomer reports spot of light as comet smashes into Jupiter  SUTHERLAND, South Africa, July 16 (AFP)  An astronomer operating the world's largest infra-red camera here saw spot of light on the edge of Jupiter Saturday, shortly after the predicted impact of comet Shoemaker-Levy-9 into the planet, a spokesman said.
The Parma forward then turned provider after being pulled down by Petar Houbchev 40 yards out on the half hour.
Bulgaria might have got back into the match after Brolin's opener but Nasko Sirakov's long range effort was touched round by Ravelli in full flight.
In the 53rd minute he came off his line to thwart Larsson with his feet after the Swedish forward had been sent sprinting clear by Andersson's through ball.
Then five minutes from the end, just after Stoichkov had squandered his final chance, he stopped Andersson's shot from point blank range.
Woman charged over baby kidnap  LONDON, July 16 (AFP)  A 22-year-old woman has been charged with the kidnapping of new born baby Abbie Humphries, found by police earlier two weeks after she was snatched, police said late Saturday.
Police found the baby, whose kidnapping four hours after her birth on July 1 made headline news, before dawn Saturday at a house in a suburb of Nottingham, close to the hospital from which she disappeared.
Abbie Humphries, known as "Baby Abbie" throughout the country, was kidnapped four hours after her birth at the Queen's Medical Centre by a young, dark-haired woman wearing a nurse's uniform.
Defending champion Hiromi Kobayashi of Japan stood at even par 213 after three rounds.
Bihac fighting switches to northern front  SARAJEVO, July 16 (AFP)  Fighting in Bosnia's Bihac pocket Saturday appeared to switch from east to north as government forces took on Moslem rebels after morning clashes with the Serbs.
But after initial successes the offensive bogged down and Abdic's troops won back part of the territory they had lost.
"The manner in which he died -- after assurances that his execution would not go ahead and with appeals pending -- casts a shadow upon the international reputation of Trinidad and Tobago," the human rights organisation said.
An order from the Privy Council granting a stay of execution was handed to Ashby's lawyers, but the order arrived ten minutes after he was executed, the government said.
    NEW YORK, July 16 (AFP) - Results here Saturday after the third round of  the 650,000-dollar LPGA Big Apple Classic (USA unless noted):     205 - Beth Daniel 70-69-66     208 - Marta Figueras-Dotti (Spain) 70-73-65, Juli Inkster 72-69-67, Missie  Berteotti 70-71-67     209 - Sally Little (S Africa) 67-73-69, Laurel Kean 71-70-68, Lisa Kiggens  71-67-71, Pat Bradley 70-67-72, Dale Eggeling 69-68-72     210 - Laura Davies (England) 71-69-70, Nanci Bowen 68-70-72, Michelle  Estill 70-70-70     ...
The on-schedule collision hit at about 2000 GMT, said Eugene Shoemaker, one of the comet's three co-discoverers, who was eyeing information transmitted by the Hubble to the Space Telescope Science Institute here about three hours after the hit.
The on-schedule collision hit at about 2000 GMT, said Eugene Shoemaker, one of the comet's three co-discoverers, who was eyeing information transmitted by the Hubble to the Space Telescope Science Institute here about three hours after the hit.
What could make a difference this time -- after 27 months of war and endless talks -- are a set of "sticks and carrots" drawn up by the contact group.
He spoke to reporters after viewing the first laser-printed images confirming the on-schedule collision that took place at about 2000 GMT.
Information transmitted by the Hubble to the Space Telescope Science Institute here arrived about three hours after the hit.
"We saw some amazing things," said an excited scientist Heidi Hammel after breaking into a news conference.
Gunmen seized Australian Kelly Wilkinson, 24, with her boyfriend Dominic Chappell, 25, and their friend Tina Dominy, 23, on April 11, after their taxi stopped behind a truck at a roadblock south of the Phnom Penh.
The Swiss finished second in their group after a 1-1 draw with USA and crowned it with a rousing 4-1 win over Romania.
Switzerland encountered Spain in the second round, but bowed out, somewhat controversially, 3-0, with a pivotal first half goal coming after the Swiss claimed they should have received a free kick near the Spanish goal.
Group A  USA  The Americans, under coach Bora Milutinovic, were one of the revelations of the World Cup, reaching the second round after an ignominious first round exit at the 1990 finals in Italy.
He was gunned down a few days after his return home.
But it was an unhappy World Cup for skipper Rai, who was replaced by Mazinho after the group matches as he failed to ignite the necessary spark in midfield.
Russia, despite losing 2-0 to Brazil and 3-1 to Sweden, had a slight chance of qualifying after their mammoth win.
Bolivian star Marco 'El Diablo' Etcheverry, back after being out for eight months through injury, came on as a substitute.
Three minutes later he was sent off after kicking Lothar Matthaus.
A draw against South Korea and the absence of their captain and stopper Miguel Nadal for two matches after he was sent off against the Koreans, made it look that once again Spain's World Cup dreams would remain unfullfilled.
Everything looked set when after going down two down to Spain in their opening group match they snatched a thrilling draw with two goals in the closing six minutes.
In the semi-finals, Bulgaria never recovered after Italy's Roberto Baggio struck twice in the space of five minutes in the first half.
"Only after democracy came to this country, our soccer players were allowed to play abroad and to create their real talents.
A tough draw which placed them in the 'group of death' with Italy, Ireland and Mexico saw them go out on the narrowest of margins after all four sides in group E finished on four points.
In fact, the 2-0 win over Ireland, which got their campaign back on course after an opening loss to Norway, was Mexico's first World Cup win outside their country.
Italy's last World Cup triumph was in 1982 when after a bad opening Paolo Rossi started scoring just as Baggio has done in this tournament.
Italy must become the first side to win the trophy after losing their opening match, to Ireland.
Only an error by Saudi Arabian goalkeeper Mohamed Al Deayea allowed substitute Gaston Taument to score the winner in their opening match after Wim Jonk had equalised.
    BRUSSELS:      EU budget ministers meet     BRUSSELS:      Norwegian agriculture minister visits for talks                    on EU support for his country's farmers after                    Norway joins the the Union     PYONGYANG:     Summet meeting between North Korea and South                    Korea.
"We had lost confidence after losing to Saudi Arabia," said coach Paul Van Himst.
Saeed Owairan, who had scored seven goals in qualifying matches, scored the best individual goal of the tournament after beating four opponents as he ran half the length of the pitch .
MOROCCO Morocco were disorganised and pursued a reckless selection policy but could so easily have qualified for the second round instead of going home in disgrace after three defeats.
It was the second time in the match the Saudis had scored against the run of play while Chaouch missed two sitters after equalising.
Ed De Goey tipped Rashid Daoudi's shot round the post as Morocco desperately fought back after Dennis Bergkamp had scored one and set up the other for Brian Roy.
Morocco had squeezed into USA 94 by beating Zambia, the sentimental favourites after an air crash wiped out their team, 1-0 in Casablanca.
Under the agreement concluded by the PLO and Israel last September granting autonomy to the Gaza Strip and Jericho under Palestinian control, the status of Jerusalem is to be discussed after two years.
(AFP)     SARAJEVO: Fighting in Bosnia's Bihac pocket appeared to switch from east  to north as government forces took on Moslem rebels after morning clashes with  the Serbs.
"But now after the investigation only 47 names have come up and the photographs of only two women have been found."
The provision calls for a six-month investigation, with a possible 90-day extension, after which sanctions can be imposed.
Saturday's blast came a day after gunmen believed to be Moslem guerrillas shot dead a Hindu police officer in the south Kashmir town of Anantnag assigned to arrange security for the pilgrimage.
Evans, considered the architect of the UN peace plan in Cambodia, said many people had assumed the process -- which led to national elections in April 1993 -- would help the country look after itself.
"The assumption was rather made with the success of the UN plan and the installation of the government and the economic support that was flowing, that things would really look after themselves after that and that the insurgency movement that continued with the Khmer Rouge was manageable," he said.
US credit card giant Mastercard claimed three million users in China by the end of 1993, making it the company's second largest market after the United States.
Last Sunday the army had closed the crossing point for 24 hours after clashes with workers desperately trying to get into Israel.
Talbott also said the United States hoped to learn after the funeral whether North Korea is ready to resume talks on its alleged nuclear weapons program.
It also came two days after US President Bill Clinton announced that Jordan's King Hussein and Israeli Premier Yitzhak Rabin would hold historic face-to-face talks in Washington next week.
Palestinians and Israelis exchange fire  EREZ, Gaza Strip, July 17 (AFP)  Palestinian police and Israeli troops exchanged fire at the main Gaza Strip checkpoint on Sunday after one policeman was shot during rioting by Arab workers, a correspondent reported.
The Palestinians opened up after their colleague was hit by Israeli fire, witnesses said.
The shooting came after Israeli soldiers shot dead two Palestinian workers and wounded about 50 when trouble erupted at the roadblocks.
Earlier the Venezuelan government confirmed newspaper allegations in Venezuela that four armed Iranian diplomats had kidnapped members of an Iranian family who had sought political asylum after arriving in Caracas.
More than 300 East Timorese carrying crucifixes protested on Tuesday after two Moslem soldiers stamped on communion wafers during a mass in a small town south of the capital Dili on June 28.
Israeli soldier and Palestinian policeman wounded  EREZ, Gaza Strip, July 17 (AFP)  Palestinian police and Israeli troops exchanged fire at the main Gaza Strip checkpoint on Sunday leaving one wounded on each side after rioting by Arab workers, witnesses reported.
They said an Israeli soldier was seriously wounded in the firing, which started after a Palestinian policeman was shot.
Vietnam imports sugar after fall in production  HANOI, July 17 (AFP)  Rising consumption of soft drinks and a slump in sugar production is forcing Vietnam to import tens of thousands of tonnes of sugar to stabilise soaring prices, a report said Sunday.
Suspected Moslem militant kills policeman in Al-Minya  CAIRO, July 17 (AFP)  A suspected Moslem militant shot dead a plainclothes policeman in a normally quiet city in southern Egypt after surrendering, security officials said here Sunday.
But the suspect pulled out a gun shortly after his arrest, and pumped several bullets into Ali's body.
Palestinian police and Israeli troops exchanged fire leaving three policeman and one Israeli soldier wounded after Arabs went on the rampage at the main checkpoint, witnesses reported.
They said an Israeli soldier was seriously wounded in the firing which started after a Palestinian policeman was shot.
Last Sunday the army had closed the crossing point for 24 hours after clashes with workers desperately trying to get into Israel.
Women were banned from public sports events after the 1979 Islamic revolution as part of moves to segregate the sexes according to Islamic principles.
Canada take upper hand  MONTREAL, July 17 (AFP)  Canada went 2-1 up against Venezuela after Saturday's doubles match in their Davis Cup American Zone group II promotion play-off.
Turkey, along with the United States, has been instrumental in healing the rift between Croatia and Bosnia and cementing a newly-formed federation of Moslems and Croats in Bosnia after they fought a year- long war.
Gordon was concussed and left the field after the tackle.
"Even if the election is not free and fair, we won't again use bazookas or cannons or AK47 (assault rifles) because I'm tired after 16 years in the bush," he said.
Dhlakama, whose rag-tag army was held responsible for horrific mutilations and torture of civilians, was speaking on the verandah of his Maputo mansion, where he has been staying since leaving his bush headquarters after signing a peace accord in Rome in October 1992.
Two ambassadors still missing two days after apparent capture  ALGIERS, July 16 (AFP)  Two Arab ambassadors, from Yemen and Oman, were still missing Sunday two days after their apparent kidnapping in the Islamic stronghold of Khemis el-Kechna east of the capital, according to press reports.
The violence claimed the lives of five more Algerians this week, after 14 foreigners were killed in just over a week, including seven Italian sailors whose throats were slit while sleeping on their cargo ship.
Anti-nuclear dissident ends six days of hunger strike  TAIPEI, July 17 (AFP)  A dissident opposing the construction of a 6.4 billion dollar nuclear power plant ended a hunger strike here Sunday after collecting the signatures of 115,984 anti-nuclear supporters during his six days of fasting.
He served an 18-month jail sentence and was admitted to a local hospital shortly after his release.
The Pakistan government ordered his deportation after he was found to have the Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) virus.
The Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange's 85-share weighted composite index, which closed Friday at 1,012.11 points, has lost 302.35 points, or 23 percent, from its all-time high of 1314.46 on January 5 after a year- end bull run in 1993.
Jordanian man hanged for killing army officer  AMMAN, July 17 (AFP)  A Jordanian man was hanged on Sunday in Amman after being sentenced to death for the murder of an army officer, security officials said here.
Arafat protests Gaza shooting to UN and US  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 17 (AFP)  PLO chairman Yasser Arafat sent protests to the United Nations and the United States on Sunday after Israeli soldiers shot dead at least two Palestinians and wounded about 75, a PLO official said.
Arafat called in all his "ministers" for an emergency session after the worst violence since autonomy began in Gaza and Jericho on May 4.
Zambians should desist from believing that this merchant of destruction can become an agent for change after failing to do so for three decades," he added.
Indonesian President Suharto 18 years ago declared East Timor as Indonesia's 27th province, several months after Indonesian troops invaded.
Swiss rider Tony Rominger, aged 33 and tipped as a co-favourite with Indurain this year after coming second to him in 1993, quit on Saturday just a day after Italian Claudio Chiappucci, the 1990 and 1992 tour runner-up.
Since he fled to Malaysia earlier this month after allegedly leading a failed coup attempt in Cambodia, the prince's whereabouts have been kept a closely guarded secret.
                     Rwanda-airlift,lead,                      Graphic                      650 words around 1030 GMT                      by Joseph Gouala     ROME:            Italian premier Silvio Berlusconi's right-wing                      coalition is thrown into crisis after Interior                      Minister Roberto Maroni threatens to quit                      unless a controversial decree releasing                      hundreds of corruption suspects from jail is                      dropped.
Some Moslems fear they are to be squeezed between Serb foes and Croat allies within a confederation of uncertain future, after losing vast tracts of land to the Serbs' campaign of "ethnic cleansing."
Bosnian Moslem leader Mustafa Ceric told AFP that after 45 years of forced assimilation under the communist regime, the time had come for temporary "isolation."
He was referring to the fact that the negotiations are to be public, after years of secret meetings between the two countries.
The minister spoke to reporters after meeting a group of 50 Israeli "Cyclists for Peace" who are on their way from Haifa in northern Israel to Eilat, near where the peace talks are being held.
Capirossi wins 250cc title  LE MANS, France, July 16 (AFP)  Loris Capirossi of Italy snatched the 250cc French motorcycling grand prix here on Sunday after a superb last-lap dogfight with compatriot Doriano Romboni.
Romboni led the race from the start after a superb start from pole position.
Suspected Moslem militant kills policeman in Al-Minya  CAIRO, July 17 (AFP)  A suspected Moslem militant shot dead a plainclothes policeman in a normally quiet city in southern Egypt after surrendering, security officials said here Sunday.
But the suspect pulled out a gun shortly after his arrest, and pumped several bullets into Ali's body.
Wilkinson, her 25-year-old boyfriend Dominic Chappell and their friend, 24-year-old Tina Dominy, had apparently been murdered soon after their capture on April 11.
Evans said if the three had been murdered soon after their abduction, their captors had played an "elaborate charade of sporadic and misleading negotiation" with Cambodian and other authorities.
The allegations came a week after the paper accused two MPs from the ruling Conservative Party of accepting money in exchange for tabling parliamentary questions.
The protesters, standing in the courtyard of the city's main hospital, gathered shortly after riots erupted at the Erez crossing point early Sunday.
Earlier, Arafat sent protests to the United Nations and the United States, and called in all his "ministers" for an emergency session after the worst violence since autonomy began in Gaza and Jericho on May 4.
Speaking after talks here, held on the eve of debates on the peace blueprint by the rebel Bosnian Serb assembly and the Croat-Moslem parliament, they urged the international community to "take all necessary measures to prevent the reoccurence of aggression and provide the means of self-defense for the aggressed side."
Wilkinson, her 25-year-old boyfriend Dominic Chappell and their friend Tina Dominy whose 24th birthday was last weekend, had apparently been murdered soon after their capture on April 11, Evans said.
Evans said if the three had been murdered soon after their abduction, their captors had played an "elaborate charade of sporadic and misleading negotiation" with Cambodian and other authorities.
Talbott, the US deputy state secretary, said Washington hoped to learn after the funeral whether Pyongyang was ready to resume talks on its alleged nuclear arms program Meanwhile, the KCNA's eulogy reached its highest pitch.
Christie was looking forward to proving a point after being accused of avoiding Burrell.
The Jordanian delegate replied "no" and drank from the bottle, after which the Israeli said the water came from the Golan Heights, seized from Syria in 1967.
He came to Pakistan after a visit to Moscow and is scheduled to fly back home on Thursday.
One Syrian official said Damascus was "optimistic and determined to push forward" with negotiations, after US President Bill Clinton stressed his commitment to a comprehensive Middle East peace settlement Friday.
He is due to visit Damascus Tuesday and Friday after a stay in Jerusalem.
Interest in his visit intensified after Foreign Minister Shimon Peres made Israel's first ever public admission Thursday of Syrian sovereignty over the occupied Golan Heights.
However, the Alliance which is closer to Forza Italia than the Northern League, is not keen to rock the coalition boat, content to be in government after years in the political wilderness in its former guise as the neo-fascist Italian Social Movement.
His cause was helped by rival Kevin Schwanz's disastrous finale, crashing off just seconds from the chequered flag after a gutsy ride.
He then took Kocinski after outbreaking him at the end of the grandstand straight and a carbon copy move on the next lap took him into a lead he was never to lose.
But, after defying the pain, the Texan overdid it two bends from the finish and ended up empty handed.
"Revenge, revenge for the martyrs," they yelled after hearing Zaanun announce the casualty toll over a loudspeaker.
Last Sunday the army had closed the crossing point for 24 hours after clashes with workers desperately trying to get into Israel.
Smith's future, though, is now far from certain after a largely depressing couple of years during which he has failed to improve against spin.
The Middlesex spinner has just returned to the game after recent fines for assault on an ex-girlfriend and various driving offences.
Saddam said Baghdad had cooperated to "ease" the implementation of UN resolutions imposed after the invasion -- especially those concerning Iraq's long-term disarmament.
Some people came from New Zealand after selling up there, and there were instances of relatives and extended-family members putting money into the pearling ventures, sources familar with the ventures said.
Debate rages on floating exchange rates 50 years after Bretton Woods by Jean-Louis Santini  WASHINGTON, July 17 (AFP)  The 50th anniversary of the Bretton Woods accord has renewed debate over floating exchange rates even as the dollar -- the market's centerpiece -- has tumbled to record lows.
Miguel Montes, the special prosecutor investigating Colosio's killing, announced Tuesday he had wrapped up his investigation and found that Mario Aburto, 23, acted alone when he shot Colosio on March 23 after a campaign rally in the northern border city of Tijuana.
Rumors have flown since shortly after Colosio's killing that an old guard in the PRI opposed to democratic reform had been behind the shooting.
The panel spectacularly dissolved itself shortly after it was formed complaining bitterly that it had not been given access to information from the official inquiry and could not do its job.
Israel to keep out Gaza workers until further notice  EREZ, Gaza Strip, July 17 (AFP)  The army will prevent Palestinians from entering Israel until further notice, chief of staff General Ehud Barak said Sunday after bloody riots at the Erez checkpoint.
According to witnesses, the police opened up only when Israeli bullets wounded one of their number after Palestinian workers were refused entry to Israel and went on the rampage.
French Federation President Christian Bimes was said to have made the offer to Pierce if she agreed to play in the event after the Canadian- born teenager beat world number-one Steffi Graf to reach the singles final at this year's French Open.
"We have put all that behind us and the atmosphere in the team now is excellent -- much, much better than I expected," said Durr after a two-hour work-out in the stadium's centre-court.
Pierce withdrew from Wimbledon at the eleventh hour after coming under pressure from tabloid newspapers over a potential confrontation with her estranged American father.
Durr, who played for France in 27 Federation Cup ties after the competition was launched in 1963, welcomed the next year's change in format to a Davis Cup-style event.
Fourth-seeds Germany, led by world top 20 players Anke Huber and Sabine Hack in the absence of Steffi Graf, who wanted a break to recharge her batteries before the United State Open after her shock defeats at Roland Garros and Wimbledon, take on modest Colombia whose best-ranked player is Carmina Giraldo at 410th.
Speaking after talks here on the eve of debates on the blueprint by the Bosnian Serb parliament and the Croat-Moslem assembly, they said it was vital for the Serbs to accept the plan which partitions the country 51 to 49 percent.
If the Serbs reject it, the international community should lift the arms embargo immediately, the Croatian, Bosnian and Turkish leaders said in a joint statement after the meeting.
Even after war ended, looters ransacked hospitals in Aden and stripped them of supplies.
"Shortly after five, a very, very bright spot appeared on the edge of Jupiter and that was the impact of Fragment C," Crisp said.
The world number two, who had pulled back to one-over after the third round, finished with a 64, the equal best score in the championship.
He added that the UNHCR had decided to "help" the Tutsi-led rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) which now controls most of the country after defeating the forces of the Hutu-dominated interim government.
The 32-year-old doctor-turned-writer went into hiding last month after two small Moslem groups called for her to be killed and a court here issued an arrest warrant for allegedly outraging Moslem feelings by her reported criticism of Islam's holy book, the Koran.
Koirala resigned July 10 after losing a crucial parliamentary debate on his government's annual socio-economic and political programme.
Saddam offers "peace and security" to Arab neighbours  NICOSIA, July 17 (AFP)  Iraqi President Saddam Hussein offered "peace and security" to neighbouring Arab states Sunday on the eve of a UN review of sanctions imposed after Iraq's August 1990 invasion of Kuwait.
Palestinian  police, Israeli soldiers and Jewish settlers became embroiled in prolonged  exchanges of fire after Israeli troops opened fire on rioters at the Erez  checkpoint.
Israel, Jordan smooth way for peace talks  AQABA, Jordan, July 17 (AFP)  Israel and Jordan will hold two days of bilateral talks starting Monday after the two countries ironed out last-minute differences on Sunday, a Jordanian official said here.
Marwan al-Moacher, Jordanian delegation spokesman, said Israel agreed to continue negotiations for a second day on Tuesday July 19 after they initially asked for just one day.
Possovaluk added after holding talks with Jordanian Prime Minister Abdel Salam Majali: "We must support these developments and try to make gains in the Syrian-Israeli and Lebanese-Israeli tracks."
HAMAS calls on Arabs to end peace talks with Israel  BEIRUT, July 17 (AFP)  The Islamic Resistance Movement HAMAS called on Arab countries Sunday to break off talks with Israel for good after two Palestinians were killed in the worst violence since self-rule began in the Gaza Strip.
One potential investor told AFP he would defer his plans to buy 5,000 shares until after the high tribunal issues a definite ruling.
Sorensen's double Danish delight  MONTPELLIER, France, July 17 (AFP)  Rolf Sorensen made it double Danish delight here on Sunday as he won the 14th stage of the Tour de France after a 150km break.
He beat Neil Stephens of Australia in a two-man cat-and-mouse sprint after the 202km run between Castres and Montpellier to add to compatriot Dane Bjarne Riis' victory on Saturday.
The pair had broken clear from the pack with Swiss rider Rolf Jaermann, Massimo Ghirotto of Italy and Pascal Herve of France after 50kms and they then jumped clear on their own.
Sorensen's double Danish delight  MONTPELLIER, France, July 17 (AFP)  Rolf Sorensen made it double Danish delight here on Sunday as he won the 14th stage of the Tour de France after a 150km break.
He beat Neil Stephens of Australia in a two-man cat-and-mouse sprint after the 202km run between Castres and Montpellier to add to compatriot Dane Bjarne Riis' victory on Saturday.
The pair had broken clear from the pack with Swiss rider Rolf Jaermann, Massimo Ghirotto of Italy and Pascal Herve of France after 50kms and they then jumped clear on their own.
Meanwhile at least 22 bus passengers died of thirst and hunger after their driver got lost in the desert, the newspapers said.
Two ambassadors still missing two days after apparent capture  ALGIERS, July 16 (AFP)  Two Arab ambassadors and two other foreigners were missing Sunday more than 48 hours after apparently being kidnapped in an Islamic stronghold east of the capital, press reports and diplomatic sources said.
The violence claimed the lives of five more Algerians this week, after 14 foreigners were killed in just over a week, including seven Italian sailors whose throats were slit while sleeping on their cargo ship.
Disney chairman undegoes coronary bypass  LOS ANGELES, July 17 (AFP)  Michael Eisner, chairman of Walt Disney Co., was reported doing well after successful coronary bypass surgery Saturday, doctors said.
Chernomyrdin's remarks came a week after Ukraine and Belarus elected new presidents favoring renewed economic links with Russia, prompting Moscow to declare it would seek to cooperate more closely with both states.
Sri Lanka campaign begins with Buddhist rituals  COLOMBO, July 17(AFP)  Sri Lanka's main political parties sought blessings from Buddhist monks over the weekend in preparation for next month's snap parliamentary polls after a state of emergency lapsed.
Political campaigning began after a state of emergency expired Friday with the government unable to summon parliament to seek an extension.
                     Italy-politics-free                      600 words around 1630 GMT                      by Jean-Louis de la Vaissiere     EREZ, Gaza Strip:                      Israel seals off the Gaza Strip after two                      Palestinians die and dozens of Arabs and                      Israelis are wounded in the heaviest bloodshed                      since self-rule began.
Local people alerted the authorities after two hand grenades attached to a Chinese-made timing device were found in the small city-centre park Saturday, a government official said.
Western mine and ordnance disposal experts based in the city destroyed the bomb by a controlled explosion after police had cordoned off the area, a witness said.
China and Vietnam, once close allies, fought a brutal war in 1975 after Hanoi sent its troops into Cambodia.
The new agreement provisionally applies until the end of 1998, and will be reviewed after three years.
The police riposted after one of their number was hit, witnesses said, and Jewish settlers later also began firing on Palestinians.
The incident happened Saturday off the north-west Spanish region of Galicia when Spanish fishermen set fire to a French tuna vessel, the Gabrielle, after cutting French nets which they say contravene European regulations and trying to board French boats, the ministry said.
Similar confrontations took place in April when a French trawler, the Laetitia, was taken hostage with its crew after incidents between 60 Spanish and 12 French trawlers.
Firefighters took 12 hours to put out the blaze after being delayed from getting to the market in the narrow surrounding streets.
Israel bowed to Jordan's demand for two days of talks in the Wadi Arab desert north of the Red Sea after it initially asked for just one day, Jordanian delegation spokesman Marwan al-Moacher said.
The Serbs, after 27 months of war, hold 70 percent of Bosnian territory.
Three die in light plane crash on Corsica  AJACCIO, Corsica, July 17 (AFP)  Three people died and four were injured Sunday when a small plane crashed onto a beach shortly after takeoff, police said.
The plane crashed shortly after taking off on a flight to monitor forest fires on this French island.
The twin-engine aircraft, a Beach 90, apparently suffered engine failure shortly after taking off from Campo dell'Oro airport, authorities said.
Taiwan was denied its UN seat after the world body admitted Beijing in 1971.
The two sides of the Taiwan Strait separated after the 1949 civil war have both claimed to be the representative of all of China.
The US firm, one of the first to set up here after the lifting of the American trade embargo in February, is also bidding for projects to rebuild Highway One, the main road that runs the length of the country.
Vietnam is hoping to see a massive influx of aid money to rebuild its infrastructure, which has been left in tatters after decades of war and economic failure.
Zoeller, nine under after the third round, started briskly, gaining two strokes in the first two holes, only to bogey the sixth and ninth before a birdie 11th brought him back into contention.
American Brad Faxon, who had shared the top of the leaderboard overnight, faded badly with three early bogies and languished at six under after 12 holes.
Tom Watson, bidding for a record-equalling sixth British Open, flourished early on and was level leader with Zoeller after a seventh hole birdie, only to double-bogey the eighth and ninth.
Ulsterman David Feherty stayed in contention at eight under after a birdie tenth, with his compatriot Ronan Rafferty a stroke behind.
(TURNBERRY) Forsbrand, who finished seven under with a total score of 273, was unrecognisable from the man who had walked out of this year's French Open after taking 90 shots to cover 17 holes.
The world number two, who had pulled back to one-over after the third round, finished with a 64, the equal best score in the championship.
Police Sunday were looking for a man who was seen running out of the building shortly after the fire started.
Trailing 2-1 after losing Saturday's doubles, the Russians clinched their semi-final spot by taking out both reverse singles.
Arafat's visited Gaza's main Shifa Hospital after the riots left two Palestinans dead and dozens wounded on both sides.
   British Open final scores     TURNBERRY, Scotland, July 16 (AFP) - Scores after fourth and final round  of British Open here on Sunday (GB unless stated; par 70):     268 - Nick Price (Zimbabwe) 69-66-67-66     269 - Jesper Parnevik (Sweden) 68-66-68-67     271 - Fuzzy Zoeller (USA) 71-66-64-70     273 - Anders Forsbrand (Sweden) 72-71-66-64, Mark James 72-67-66-68, David  Feherty 68-69-66-70, Ronan Rafferty 68-69-66-70     274 - Brad Faxon (USA) 69-65-67-73     275 - Nick Faldo 75-66-70-64, Tom Kite (USA) 71-69-66-69, Colin  Montgomerie 72-69-65-69     276 - Russell Claydon 72-71-68-65, Mark McNulty (Zimbabwe) 71-70-68-67,  Mark Calcavecchia (USA) 71-70-67-68, Jonathan Lomas 66-70-72-68, Frank Nobilo  (N Zealand) 69-67-72-68, Greg Norman (Australia) 71-67-69-69, Larry Mize (USA)  73-69-64-70, Tom Watson (USA) 68-65-69-74     277 - Mark Brooks (USA) 74-64-71-68, Vijay Singh (Fiji) 70-68-69-70, Greg  Turner 65-71-70-71, Peter Senior (Australia) 68-71-67-71     278 - Bob Estes (USA) 72-68-72-66, Terry Price (Australia) 74-65-71-68,  Paul Lawrie 71-69-70-68, Jeff Maggert (USA) 69-74-67-68, Tom Lehman (USA)  70-69-70-69, Ernie Els (S Africa) 69-69-69-71, Michael Springer (USA)  72-67-68-71, Craig Stadler (USA) 71-69-66-72, Peter Jacobsen (USA)  69-70-67-72, Loren Roberts (USA) 68-69-69-72, Andrew Coltart 71-69-66-72     279 - Mark Davis 75-68-69-67, Lee Janzen (USA) 74-69-69-67, Gary Evans  69-69-73-68     more 
Units of the Rwandan Patriotic Front went into the town in the afternoon after heavy fighting, forcing government forces to flee toward Zaire, said Captain Jacques Andre Roussel.
American Fuzzy Zoeller was third on 271 after a final round of par 70.
Britain relegated in Romania playoff  MANCHESTER, July 17 (AFP)  Britain was relegated to European/Africa zone 2 from zone 1 after losing 3-2 to Romania in the relegation playoff here Sunday.
Brazil won in 1958 after beating Sweden 5-2, again in 1962 with a 3-1 victory over Czechoslovakia, and then in 1970 in a 4-1 triumph against Italy.
Should Italy beat Brazil, they will be the first team to win the cup after losing their opening match.
Courier, who has never competed on a losing Davis Cup team for the United States, had to play the hero after world number one Pete Sampras was stunned 2-6, 7-5, 7-6 (7-6), 7-5 by Holland's Richard Krajicek earlier in the day.
The Americans now face Sweden in the Spetember 23-25 semi-finals after the Swedes eliminated France in Cannes.
Britain relegated in Romania playoff  MANCHESTER, July 17 (AFP)  Britain was relegated to European/Africa zone 2 from zone 1 after losing 3-2 to Romania in the relegation playoff here Sunday.
The debate over US interests in Haiti heated up after Washington boosted its presence around the troubled Caribbean country.
The Zimbabwean snatched it by one stroke from Jesper Parnevik, thanks to a sensational eagle putt on the 17th green, after the 29-year-old Swede had made a catastrophic error on his final hole.
American Brad Faxon, level with Zoeller after three rounds, faded badly with three bogies and finished six under.
Watson, at the age of 44, was denied a glorious swansong after leading for much of the tournament.
The breakthrough came after the two countries signed a peace agenda in Washington on June 7.
Interest in his visit intensified after Peres made Israel's first ever public admission Thursday of Syrian sovereignty over the disputed Golan Heights, although Syria said Peres was offering nothing new.
But one Syrian official said Damascus was "optimistic and determined to push forward" with negotiations, after US President Bill Clinton had stressed his commitment to a comprehensive Middle East peace settlement.
Two UN planes loaded with plastic sheeting were forced to take off again immediately after landing because of the mortars, the agency said.
Henninger wins in playoff  MADISON, Mississippi, July 17 (AFP)  Brian Henninger won the rain-shortened PGA Deposit Guaranty Classic here Sunday, sinking an 18-foot birdie putt on the first sudden-death playoff hole after the final round was washed out.
Henninger used a short approach on the 532-yard, par-five hole and hit a pitching wedge to set up his first PGA triumph after Sullivan drove into the right rough.
Henninger, who finished at nine-under par with Sullivan after two rounds, had his previous best finish of fourth at last year's Western Open.
Christopher had once thought of visiting Hanoi after the Bangkok meeting.
Zairean army units were put on alert after 40 refugees were trampled to death by people fleeing the shells that rained down 200 meters (yards) from the border.
Mortar fire from hills at Gisenyi, northern Rwanda, could still be heard here late Sunday after the Rwandan Patriotic Front took control of Gisenyi.
Wessels slip lets Northants off  NORTHAMPTON July 17 (AFP)  Kepler Wessels dropped a catch to let Northamptonshire off the hook after the hosts had slumped to 28 for three on the second day of South Africa's tour match here.
Curran went on to hit 81, rescuing Northants after fired up fast bowler Richard Snell wreaked havoc on Northants' top order.
But the odds are against them breaking their duck in the Tetley Bitter Challenge after four draws and a defeat around the country.
Kozyrev's remarks came two days after the conservative-dominated Russian legislature approved a declaration describing the Senate vote as an "attempt to interfere in the domestic affairs of sovereign states."
Indian PM orders investigation into "sugar scandal"  NEW DELHI, July 17 (AFP)  Indian Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao ordered a probe Sunday into a sugar "scandal", in which a shortage caused prices to soar after a government minister allegedly delayed foreign sugar imports.
Baresi back for Italy  LOS ANGELES, July 17 (AFP)  Italy sensationally recalled captain Franco Baresi for the World Cup final against Brazil Sunday, less than a month after he had keyhole surgery on his right knee.
Romanian joy was virtually unconstrained when Sabau put away an easy forehand volley on his first match point after three hours and 35 minutes.
Tension in Paris suburb after shooting of immigrants  PARIS, July 17 (AFP)  One person was killed and several were injured in an apparently racist shooting incident early Sunday in the Paris suburb of Dreux, a stronghold of the far-right National Front with a large immigrant population.
Courier, who has never competed on a losing Davis Cup team for the United States, had to play the hero after world number one Pete Sampras was stunned 2-6, 7-5, 7-6 (7-6), 7-5 by Holland's Richard Krajicek earlier in the day.
The Americans now face Sweden in the Spetember 23-25 semi-finals after the Swedes eliminated France in Cannes.
Germany booked a semi-final against Russia after Michael Stitch's triumph in the battle of the big guns sealed Spain's fate in Halle.
Trailing 2-1 after losing Saturday's doubles, the Russians clinched their semi-final spot by taking out both reverse singles.
Champion Price no longer nearly man by Davis Mullahey  TURNBERRY, July 17 (AFP)  Nick Price, so long the nearly man of the major championships, finally had his patience rewarded when he got his hands on the British Open trophy here on Sunday, after an exhilarating final round battle.
The turning point was a sensational eagle putt by Price from the edge of the 17th green, after the 29-year-old Swede had made a catastrophic error on his final hole.
Then, after a brief spell in which the lead was shared five ways, Parnevik went nap, surging to 11 over par with successive birdies at the 11th, 12th and 13th.
American Brad Faxon, level with Zoeller after three rounds, faded badly with three bogies and finished six under.
Watson, at the age of 44, was denied a glorious swansong after leading for much of the tournament.
The Marbella-based 33-year-old, who finished seven under with a total score of 273, was unrecognisable from the man who had walked out of this year's French Open after taking 90 shots to cover 17 holes.
The world number two, who had pulled back to one-over after the third round, finished with a 64, matching Forsbrand and American Mark Brooks, who made his score on Friday.
The debate over US interests in Haiti heated up after Washington boosted its presence around the troubled Caribbean country.
A UN-sponsored humanitarian airlift into Goma was suspended after the mortar firing, the UN High Commissioner for Refugees said.
Italy were boosted by the sensational recall of captain Franco Baresi, less than a month after he had keyhole surgery on his right knee.
Germany, USA battle it out  DUBLIN, July 17 (AFP)  Germany and USA were battling it out at the top of Group 4 after the fifth day of the women's hockey World Cup here Sunday.
Loser's hidden heartache  TURNBERRY, Scotland, July 17 (AFP)  Jesper Parnevik revealed the heartache he had carried with him throughout the British Open championship after his narrow failure to win the title here on Sunday.
The 29-year-old Swede, runner-up by one stroke to Nick Price, had lost his grandmother a week ago, four months after the death of his grandfather.
Atherton in injury scare  LONDON, July 17 (AFP)  Mike Atherton is fighting to be fit for the first test against South Africa which begins at Lord's on Thursday after picking up a back problem during his Sunday League match here.
Just after that, Mansell's right rear tire went flat as he passed the pit entrance.
Rookie Bryan Herta, injured in a practice crash, remained in serious but stable condition in a hospital here after surgery to repair three fractures in his pelvic area.
reopens (GOMA) Mortar blasts and machinegun fire from Gisenyi could still be heard in Goma after nightfall.
A minute later Baresi moved into the attack after he was set free by Roberto Baggio but he was quickly closed down by the Brazilian defence.
International regulators seized BCCI, headquartered in Luxembourg, London and the Cayman Islands, after auditors discovered massive losses from illegal loans and bond market losses.
Novell drops European and US complaints against Microsoft  PROVO, Utah, July 17 (AFP)  Novell, the world's third-largest software maker, has withdrawn its European and US complaints against Microsoft Corporation after the US Justice Department intervened.
The Justice Department's investigation began last year after three years of investigations by the Commerce Department, which ended its efforts without any result last August.
Another Lyonnaise des Eaux subsidiary took over Dauphine News, a vehicle for Carignon's election campaign, soon after COGESE won a contract for water distribution in Grenoble.
US football star hospitalized  DALLAS, Texas, July 17 (AFP)  Dallas running back Emmitt Smith, the National Football League's top rusher the past two seasons, was briefly hospitalized here Sunday after he was involved in a motor buggy accident.
Smith was released after tests showed no damage after falling from the buggy and remaining still for several minutes.
Aldair took the ball off the toe Massaro after Roberto Baggio had put him through the middle.
Jericho closed off to Israelis after clashes  JERUSALEM, July 17 (AFP)  The Israeli army on Sunday closed off the autonomous zone of Jericho to Israeli traffic following riots by Palestinian workers in the Gaza Strip.
An army statement said Israeli vehicles would until further notice be diverted around the autonomous region after riots at the Erez checkpoint on the frontier between the Gaza Strip and Israel.
                     by Pierre Lhuillery     EREZ,     Gaza Strip:                      Israel seals off the Gaza Strip after two                      Palestinians die and dozens of Arabs and                      Israelis are wounded in the heaviest bloodshed                      since self-rule began.
The election is shaping up as the most hotly contested in Mexico's modern history, coming amid a rebel uprising in the southern state of Chiapas and after the March 23 assassination of PRI presidential candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio.
URGENT  LOS ANGELES, July 17 (AFP)  Brazil and Italy were level 0-0 after extra time in the World Cup final here on Sunday.
The teams were level 0-0 after extra time, sending the World Cup final to a shoot-out for the first time in history.
URGENT  LOS ANGELES, July 17 (AFP)  Brazil won a record fourth World Cup title when they beat Italy 3-2 in a penalty shoot-out after the two sides were tied 0-0 after extra-time in the final here on Sunday afternoon.
The average fragments may break up after penetrating 300 to 400 kilometers (180 to 240 miles).
LOS ANGELES, July 17 (AFP)  Sunday's World Cup final result: Brazil beat Italy 3-2 on penalties Brazil 0 Italy 0, after extra time H-t: 0-0.
(new series) France repeats warning after clash in safety zone  PARIS, July 18 (AFP)  France repeated late Sunday its warning to Rwanda's rebels not to enter the safety zone it has set up in the country, hours after a French military official reported a clash with French forces in the area.
The warning came after a French military spokesman in Goma, Zaire, said French troops and the Rwandan Patriotic Front had clashed north of the town of Kibuye inside the safety zone, adding that there were no French casualties in the clash.
LOS ANGELES, July 17 (AFP)  Final goalscorers list after Sunday's World Cup final: 6: Oleg Salenko (Russia), Hristo Stoichkov (Bulgaria) 5: Kennet Andersson (Sweden), Roberto Baggio (Italy), Jurgen Klinsmann (Germany), Romario (Brazil) 4: Gabriel Batistuta (Argentina), Martin Dahlin (Sweden), Florin Raducioiu (Romania) 3: Bebeto (Brazil), Dennis Bergkamp (Holland), Tomas Brolin (Sweden), Jose Luis Caminero (Spain), Gheorghe Hagi (Romania) 2: Philippe Albert (Belgium), Fuad Amin Anwar (S Arabia), Daniel Amokachi (Nigeria), Emmanuel Amunike (Nigeria), Dino Baggio (Italy), Georges Bregy (Switzerland), Claudio Caniggia (Argentina), Ilie Dumitrescu (Romania), Luis Garcia (Mexico), Andoni Goikoetxea (Spain), Hong Myung-Bo (South Korea), Wim Jonk (Holland), Yordan Letchkov (Bulgaria), Adolfo Valencia (Colombia), Rudi Voller (Germany) 1: John Aldridge (Ireland), Sami Al Jaber (S Arabia), Abel Balbo (Argentina), Aitor Begiristain (Spain), Daniel Borimirov (Bulgaria), Branco (Brazil), Mohamed Chaouch (Morocco), Stephane Chapuisat (Switzerland), Marc Degryse (Belgium), David Embe (Cameroon), Luis Enrique (Spain), George Finidi (Nigeria), Alberto Garcia Aspe (Mexico), Herman Gaviria (Colombia), Fahad Al Ghesheyan (Saudi Arabia), Josep Guardiola (Spain), Fernando Hierro (Spain), Ray Houghton (Republic of Ireland), Hwang Sun-hong (South Korea), Adrian Knup (Switzerland), Henrik Larsson (Sweden), Roger Ljung (Sweden), Harold Lozano (Colombia), Diego Maradona (Argentina), Lothar Mathaus (Germany), Hakan Mild (Sweden), Roger Milla (Cameroon), Hassan Nader (Morocco), Francois Omam-Biyik (Cameroon), Saeed Owairan (Saudi Arabia), Dan Petrescu (Romania), Dimitri Radchenko (Russia), Rai (Brazil), Kjetil Rekdal (Norway), Karlheinz Riedle (Germany), Brian Roy (Holland), Julio Salinas (Spain), Erwin Sanchez (Bolivia), Marcio Santos (Brazil), Seo Jung-Won (South Korea), Samson Siasia (Nigeria), Nasko Sirakov (Bulgaria), Ernie Stewart (USA), Alain Sutter (Switzerland), Gaston Taument (Holland), Aron Winter (Holland), Eric Wynalda (USA), Rashidi Yekini (Nigeria) Own goal: Andres Escobar (Colombia) bdb94 
Brazil take World Cup for record fourth time  LOS ANGELES, July 17 (AFP)  Brazil won a record fourth World Cup title when they beat Italy 3-2 in a penalty shoot-out in the final here on Sunday after the two sides were deadlocked 0-0 after extra time.
Brazil had chance after chance to prevent the game from going to extra-time never mind a shoot-out but some brilliant saves from Italian goalkeeper Gianluca Pagliuca and a determined mass Italian defence held them at bay.
Italian captain Franco Baresi, sensationally recalled to the side less than a month after he had keyhole surgery on his right knee, was clearly distraught -- his body wracked by sobs.
The statement also said that after three days of intense negotiations behind closed doors the negotiators had agreed on "principles for resolving the southern Sudanese conflict and interim arrangements and steps to be taken to resolve the conflict."
On July 4, SPLA-United's internal affairs and public security secretary Commander Arok Thon Arok, the highest ethnic Dinka in SPLA- United and de facto number four after Riek, Kerubino Kwanyin Bol and William Nyuon Bany, quit the movement, accusing its leader of dictatorship and poor leadership.
LOS ANGELES, July 17 (AFP)  Quotes after Brazil's victory 3-2 on penalties over Italy in Sunday's World Cup final Brazilian manager Carlos Alberto Parreira: "I've got to thank the players.
"It is not the most direct way of finding a champion, but after playing 90 minutes and then another 30 minutes, it would be grossly unfair to do it any other way.
Davies fell to 0-3 in career playoffs after firing a five-under par 66 in the final round.
    NEW YORK, July 17 (AFP) - Results here Sunday after the final round of the  650,000-dollar JAL Big Apple Classic (USA unless noted), won by Beth Daniel  with a birdie on the first sudden-death playoff hole:     276 - Beth Daniel 70-69-66-71, Laura Davies (England) 71-69-60-66     278 - Nancy Ramsbottom 67-74-72-65, Nanci Bowen 68-70-72-68     279 - Pat Bradley 70-67-72-70     280 - Missie Berteotti 70-71-67-72     281 - Chris Johnson 73-68-73-67     282 - Alicia Dibos (Peru) 77-68-69-68, Michele Redman 69-71-71-71     ...
Cries of "Ole, ole" and "Brazil, Brazil" rang out within seconds after the outcome was certain, prompting police to surround the area as revellers poured into the streets.
Taffarel quotes cont:  (LOS ANGELES) Asked about the team forming a circle after the game: "We were praying.
On Ayrton Senna, and the banner which several of the players held up after the match and which read in Portuguese, "Ayrton, We accelerated with you toward a fourth title.".
Minutes into the second period of extra time, when a goal for either side would have decided the match, Romario somehow managed to miss from a metre after Cafu's cross ran right across the face of the Italian goal.
Franco Baresi, the Italian captain sensationally recalled to the side only 23 days after knee surgery, performed brilliantly as Italy's defence heroically kept the Brazilians at bay.
Cafu, one of Brazil's best players after coming on when rightback Jorginho limped off with a pulled right thigh muscle, sent over a low cross from the right that escaped Pagliuca and found Bebeto unmarked on the far post.
Bebeto did better from a Zinho cross eight minutes after the break but Pagliuca was the equal to it with a dive to his right.
Cries of "Ole, ole" and "Brazil, Brazil" rang out within seconds after the outcome was certain, prompting police to surround the area as revellers poured into the streets.
Twagiramungu was appointed prime minister under a power-sharing peace accord which was signed last August in Arusha, Tanzania, after negotiations led by Bizimungo for the RPF but never implemented.
The official said the new president would have the power to dismiss the prime minister, and would be responsible for selecting the government after advice from the legislative assembly.
An 80-member legislative assembly would be established one month after the new government takes power, he said.
Cafu, one of Brazil's best players after coming on when rightback Jorginho limped off with a pulled right thigh muscle, sent over a low cross from the right that escaped Pagliuca and found Bebeto unmarked on the far post.
Bebeto did better from a Zinho cross eight minutes after the break but Pagliuca was the equal to it with a dive to his right.
Brazil's 3-2 win on penalties after a goalless draw in extra time, marked the first time the World Cup final was decided in a shoot-out.
Time after time he either made a crucial interception or a vital tackle to keep the finest strike partnership in the world of Bebeto and Romario out of harm's way.
Dunga the Destroyer answers his merciless critics  LOS ANGELES, July 17 (AFP)  Dunga, more used to contempt than adulation, made a remarkable transformation from villain to hero after leading by example in Brazil's World Cup victory.
Their 3-2 penalty shootout win over Italy, following a 0-0 scoreline after extra time, was completed by Dunga, who hit the ball firmly to the right while Italian goalkeeper Gianluca Pagliuca went left.
Dunga however not only played with courage and skill, he hit home Brazil's final penalty to win the shootout 3-2 after the 0-0 score following extra time.
It was Dunga who set up a golden opportunity for Romario after just 13 minutes.
Julie Kelley was charged Saturday with abducting Abbie Humphreys from a hospital in Nottingham, central England, two weeks ago, after the baby was found safe and well in a nearby house by police.
Baby Abbie was abducted only four hours after her birth when a woman in nurse's uniform came to the hospital room and said she had to be taken for a hearing test, then vanished with the child.
(LOS ANGELES) Minutes after Hungarian referee Sandor Puhl blew the final whistle, several of the Brazilian players unfurled a banner which read in in Portuguese: "Ayrton, We accelerated with you toward a fourth title."
But somehow the Brazilian striker managed to pull the ball round the post from a metre after Cafu's cross ran right across the face of the Italian goal.
Franco Baresi, the Italian captain sensationally recalled to the side only 23 days after knee surgery, performed brilliantly as Italy's defence heroically kept the Brazilians at bay.
Cafu, one of Brazil's best players after coming on when rightback Jorginho limped off with a pulled right thigh muscle, sent over a low cross from the right that escaped Pagliuca and found Bebeto unmarked on the far post.
He emerged from three years wracked by injury and drugs to inspire Argentina to tremendous wins only to be sent home like a thief after failing a drugs test which showed he was using stimulants in his battle of the bulge.
Franco Baresi returned to play a splendid match in the Italian defence alongside the lionhearted Paolo Maldini three weeks after undergoing keyhole surgery in his right knee and shut out the Brazilian attacks for two hours under a fierce midday sun.
And 24 years after Pele and company had won 4-1 in Mexico City, Brazil became the first side to win four titles in the first World Cup final to be decided by a penalty shoot-out.
He kissed the post for putting the ball back into his hands after a Mauro Silva shot had squirmed out of his hands.
Parreira: "I did it my way" by Mark Oakley  LOS ANGELES, July 17 (AFP)  Carlos Alberto Parreira insisted after regaining the World Cup for Brazil: "I did it my way."
Finally, Parreira has had fun after his tension-packed victory.
Rome a dead city after World Cup defeat  ROME, July 17 (AFP)  Rome was a dead city early Sunday after hopes of a gigantic party were dashed with Italy's defeat on penalty kicks in the World Cup final.
Palestinian  police, Israeli soldiers and Jewish settlers became embroiled in prolonged  exchanges of fire after Israeli troops opened fire on rioters at the Erez  checkpoint.
Little has changed on Indian bourses, complain foreign investors by Madhu Nainan  BOMBAY, July 18 (AFP)  Almost two years after India opened its stock exchanges to overseas investors, foreign fund managers are lamenting that doing business on the bourses has not got any easier since the reform came into effect.
"History shows Kim Il-Sung is responsible for division of the nation, the fratricidal war and other unhappy incidents," Lee declared after chairing a special cabinet meeting.
On Saturday, South Korean officers arrested an elderly dissident pastor after thwarting his unauthorized bid to cross the fortified border into North Korea to pay homage at the bier of Kim Il-Sung.
Channel tunnel could be taking passengers by mid-August  LONDON, July 18 (AFP)  The Channel tunnel could be taking passenger cars through on trains by mid-August, the Independent said Monday, quoting a senior Eurotunnel official after a successful safety exercise.
Bertrand was speaking after an exercise in which 350 passengers and 100 cars were sent through on a shuttle train from the French side, then evacuated in a simulated incident four kilometres (2.5 miles) from the English terminal.
So, who is in his 50's, sought political asylum from the Canadian government after he reportedly received threatening letters and phone calls saying he and his family would be harmed if he did not stop criticising China.
So, who went to Toronto in late 1992, was said to have made numerous vitriolic attacks and satirical comments about the Chinese leader after the crackdown on pro-democracy protests in China in 1989.
reopens (BEIJING) Meanwhile at least 17 people died and 31 reported missing after heavy rains in the southwestern province of Yunnan prompted a massive landslide that submerged four villages, the semi-official China News Service reported.
Christopher returns to Damascus on Friday and flies back to Israel for a final session with Rabin in a bid to break the deadlock between the two countries after nearly three years of stop-go bilateral peace talks.
The visit coincides with the announcement that King Hussein of Jordan and Rabin are to hold their first official summit in Washington next Monday, a week after the launch of peace negotiations along the ceasefire line.
Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) figures showed housing finance fell by a seasonally adjusted 4.6 percent to 49,564 units in May from 51,976 in April, after a 6.7 percent increase in April.
In May he called on his followers to intensify their opposition to the Hanoi regime, a year after buddhist monks clashed with police in Hue, the ancient imperial capital.
The UNHCR on Sunday suspended its airlift operation into Goma, Zaire, where up to a million Rwandans have fled, after shellfire killed at least 51 refugees.
However after the June 1967 war Israel declared a ceasefire line several hundred metres (yards) to the east of the original border along Wadi Araba in order to occupy strategic heights, after Palestinian commandos infiltrated the region.
Meanwhile, Jordan says the tiny parcel of land near the Yarmuk, south of Lake Tiberias, was taken by Israel after the 1948 war "without any provocation."
Nasreen went into hiding after a court issued an arrest warrant last month for outraging Moslem sentiment by commenting on Islam's holy book, the Koran.
China hopes to balance its trade this year, after suffering last year its first deficit -- of 12.2 billion dollars -- since 1989.
US calls for Indonesian restraint in East Timor  JAKARTA, July 18 (AFP)  The United States called on Indonesia Monday to exercise restraint in East Timor, where tensions are running high after clashes between Moslems and Christians.
Tension in East Timor eased somewhat after police on Friday released all but one of 14 people detained when security forces broke up the march of 500 people, mostly students, carrying Christian placards.
Gaza holds strike to mourn dead Palestinians  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 18 (AFP)  Gaza went into mourning Monday, keeping public services and shops closed a day after clashes with soldiers and settlers left two Palestinians dead and dozens wounded on both sides.
While prevention of conflict was preferable to intervening after the event, there was still a need for United Nations force.
Springbok captain due back in action  PALMERSTON NORTH, New Zealand, July 18 (AFP)  South African rugby captain Francois Pienaar returns to team duty Tuesday after an enforced three week lay-off.
The arrests came after a lengthy investigation during which police in Nice had to identify the parents of a gang of 10-to-14-year-old children who have been caught pickpocketing repeatedly by police.
URGENT  TOKYO, July 18 (AFP)  Japan's money supply grew 1.5 percent in the year to the end of June, after growing 1.7 percent in the year to the end of May, the Bank of Japan said Monday.
In the second quarter, money supply rose by 1.8 percent from its level in the second quarter of 1993, after rising by 1.7 percent in the first three months of the year.
Police meanwhile moved to offer protection to Scarantino's family three days after the killing of the wife and mother-in-law of another Mafia turncoat from the Catania clan.
Israel predicts accord with Jordan in six months  JERUSALEM, July 18 (AFP)  Israel and Jordan could seal a peace treaty within six months following Monday's launch of historic negotiations after 46 years of a state of war, Deputy Foreign Minister Yossi Beilin said.
Jordan wants back 385.9 square kilometres (154.3 square miles) of land along the ceasefire line, most of it between the Red and Dead seas taken by Israel after the 1967 Middle East war.
Youths and children joined the nationwide campaign to pledge allegiance to the younger Kim, although a formal announcement of transfer of power was not expected until after the funeral.
"History shows Kim Il-Sung is responsible for division of the nation, the fratricidal war and other unhappy incidents," Lee declared after chairing a special cabinet meeting.
They are negotiating a way to end a long-standing dispute over their common border as well as security, water, energy and environmental issues after agreeing a detailed agenda on June 7.
Police said a total of 67 AK-47 assault rifles, three SAM-7 missiles, six rocket-propelled grenade launchers and three pistols were seized before and after the arrests.
They said the three men were held after they entered South Africa from Mozambique and tried to sell the weapons to an undercover team of detectives from the Eastern Transvaal police and the Durban Firearms Unit.
Asyut, in Upper Egypt, south of Cairo, is known as a militant stronghold but the number of attacks has dropped considerably in the past two months after a crackdown by security forces and a wave of arrests.
In addition, officials are also worried about the impact on the local aerospace industry after the air force cut an order for 250 indigenous fighters from the Aero Industry Development Center to 130, after it purchased the F-16s, the report said.
Picture                     by Anne Chaon     ROME:           Pressure mounts on Italian Prime Minister                     Silvio Berlusconi to abandon his controversial                     decree on detention after he orders his                     interior minister to apologise or leave                     the right-wing coalition government.
The head of the Israeli delegation, Danny Rothschild, told AFP it was business "as usual" after clashes between workers and Israeli soldiers left two Palestinians dead and dozens of people wounded on both sides.
Jordan wants back 385.9 square kilometres (154.3 square miles) of land along the ceasefire line, most of it between the Red and Dead seas taken by Israel after the 1967 Middle East war.
Gaza holds strike to mourn dead Palestinians  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 18 (AFP)  Gaza went into mourning Monday, closing public services and shops a day after clashes with soldiers and settlers left two Palestinians dead and dozens wounded on both sides.
A group of 30 Tibetans chanting similar anti-Chinese slogans blocked traffic on the busy Janpath road in downtown New Delhi in a separate protest and were arrested by police after brief scuffles.
Sliwa said he decided to visit Moscow with several members of his group after Moscow Mayer Yuri Lujkov suggested the creation of similar civilian units to combat rising crime in Russia.
More than 300 passengers evacuated from Norwegian cruiser  OSLO, July 18 (AFP)  Most of the 322 passengers aboard a Norwegian cruiser, the Sandefjord, were evacuated as a safety precaution Monday after a short blaze in the engine room had been brought under control by staff, police said.
The remaining 307 passengers were evacuated off the port of Sandefjord, 50 kilometres (31 miles) south of Oslo, after the fire, which caused no serious damage, broke out at around 0500 GMT in the engine room.
reopens (GAZA CITY) In Hebron, Israeli troops shot two Palestinians, seriously wounding one youth, after coming under a hail of stones, witnesses said.
The communique said mechanical problems in urinating had impacted on kidney function and that the operation had been decided after a series of biological tests and scans since last May 25.
Examining magistrate Eva Joly summoned Tapie the day before he was due to take up his mandate as a Euro-MP after his triumphant election last June 12.
She charged him with tax evasion and fraud over his management of the 13-million-dollar yacht, one of the biggest in the world, on June 29, the day after his immunity in the French parliament was lifted.
Joly slapped travel restrictions on Tapie to prevent him leaving on a mediation mission to Rwanda, after tapping his telephone.
The UN High Commissioner for Refugees said it was likely to reopen humanitarian flights into Goma on Tuesday after they were suspended Sunday following the shelling.
Production will rise to more than eight million tonnes per year after the firm's expansion is completed in about three years, the officials said.
Former model Wilkinson, 24, Chappell, 25, and Dominy, whose 24th birthday was last weekend, had apparently been murdered soon after their capture, Evans said.
The wafer is aimed at the next generation of semiconductors after the 256-megabit chip, which electronics companies from Japan, the United States and Europe are now racing to develop.
Indurain, seemingly invincible this year and set for a fourth title in a row after the failure of his chief rivals to stay the course, will certainly remember his last visit.
Serb deputies in the Bosnian National Assembly decided to create their own separate parliament after the Bosnian assembly adopted a memorandum on sovereignty on October 15.
Krajisnik is still head of the Serb assembly which represents the self-proclaimed Serb republic created on April 7, 1992, a few hours after the European Union and the United States recognized the independence of Bosnia-Hercegovina.
Karadzic's SDS held 70 seats in the 240-member bicameral National Assembly and was the second largest party after the Moslem Democratic Action party which held 86 seats.
War erupted between southern troops loyal to Baid and those of his northern rival President Ali Abdallah Saleh on May 5 after months of tension over how to run the country, which was created when the former North and South Yemen were merged in May 1990.
Dollar falls against mark, firms against yen  LONDON, July 18 (AFP)  The dollar fell against the mark in European trading Monday, shedding some of the gains it had made at the end of last week after US Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen said he favours a strong dollar.
One witness said the victims were so panicked after the attack that it took some minutes before rescuers could convince them to unlock the doors of the pub.
"There is major progress in the negotiations and Christopher could leave for Damascus with a very positive message for Syria after the statement by Peres," a senior Israeli official told AFP.
Christopher returns to Damascus on Friday and flies back to Israel for a final session with Rabin in a bid to break the deadlock between the two countries after nearly three years of stop-go bilateral peace talks.
The visit coincides with the announcement that King Hussein of Jordan and Rabin are to hold their first official summit in Washington next Monday, a week after the launch of peace negotiations along the ceasefire line.
"It is not acceptable for a foreign country or foreign organization to carry out activities on the sovereign soil of a state without permission," Justice Minister David Libai told reporters after the cabinet vote.
The move comes after a series of threats against the PLO which Israel has accused of using Orient House, the East Jerusalem headquarters of the Palestinian delegation to the bilateral Middle East peace talks, as a foreign ministry.
Under the September 13 Declaration of Principles for autonomy, the status of Jerusalem will be negotiated only after two years of Palestinian self-rule.
An amendment to the national security law, which prohibits mainland Chinese from entering the island, was being considered after a freighter serving as a floating workers' dormitory sank in heavy seas during typhoon last week.
At least 11 Chinese fishermen were listed as missing after about 100 of them jumped from the floundering vessel to try to swim to shore, or to five other "boat hostels" anchored nearby.
Former model Wilkinson, 24, Chappell, 25, and Dominy -- whose parents marked her 24th birthday last weekend -- had apparently been murdered soon after their capture, Evans said.
A group of armed guerrillas seized the three westerners on the main road between Phnom Penh and the port town of Sihanoukville after their taxi was stopped 130 kilometers (81 miles) south of the capital April 11.
The incident has cast light on the poor security in Cambodia, more than a year after UN-sponsored elections that aimed to bring peace to the country.
                    Gaza-poverty                     700 words by Magida el-Batsh     BERLIN:         Fifty years after Adolf Hitler's survival                     from a seemingly flawless assassination bid,                     the anniversary this week highlights continuing                     divisions in Germany over the role of resistance                     to his Nazi regime.
"What can we do, when the enemy is in front of us and hunger behind us in the Gaza Strip," said one Palestinian bitterly after taking part in the clashes at the Erez crossing point.
Anniversary of Hitler death bid highlights divisions over past by Valerie Leroux  BERLIN, July 18 (AFP)  Fifty years after Adolf Hitler's survival from a seemingly flawless assassination bid, the anniversary this week highlights continuing divisions in Germany over the role of resistance to him.
A key criticism of wartime resistance focuses on the role of communist activists, who subsequently gained power in East Germany after the demise of the Third Reich led to the division of Germany itself.
A commercial court ordered the seizure after a complaint from an Italian shipyard that the Azerbaijan's owners, the Odessa-based Black Sea Shipping Corporation, had failed to pay refitting bills for another of its liners, the Dimitri Shostakovich.
The newspapers pointed out that while Berlusconi had appeared confident as he ordered Interior Minister Roberto Maroni to apologise or resign after criticising the decree, the prime minister himself was the one in trouble.
"History shows Kim Il-Sung is responsible for division of the nation, the fatricidal war and other unhappy incidents," Lee declared after chairing a special cabinet meeting.
McKinnon, making the most senior visit to Vietnam by a New Zealand official since the establishment of diplomatic ties in 1975, made the announcement after talks with Vietnamese Foreign Minister Nguyen Manh Cam.
The UN High Commissioner for Refugees' office said it was likely to reopen humanitarian flights into Goma on Tuesday after they were suspended Sunday following the shelling.
"There is new hope and new opportunities here," Christopher told reporters after spending an hour with Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and Foreign Minister Shimon Peres.
Christopher, who arrived in Israel at dawn, flies to Damascus on Tuesday on his shuttle mission aimed at breaking the deadlock between the two countries after nearly three years of stop-go bilateral peace talks.
One of the main stumbling blocks is the issue of the Golan Heights occupied by Israel after seizing them in the 1967 Middle East war and despite international condemnation.
Takeda picked up a pass from Brazilian Bismarck Barreto Faria after six minutes to fire home.
Corpses, decomposing in the heat after the strike cut electricity at hospitals in the southwestern state of Ogun, had to be buried hurriedly at the weekend, the state health board said.
The military voided the elections after refusing to publish the results and last month Abiola declared the regime illegitimate and pronounced himself head of state.
"It is not acceptable for  a foreign country or foreign organization to carry out activities on the  sovereign soil of a state without permission," Justice Minister David Libai  told reporters after the cabinet vote.
(AFP)     JERUSALEM: US Secretary of State Warren Christopher saw "new hope" for  peace between Israel and Syria after talks with Israeli leaders at the start  of a five-day Middle East tour.
"There is new hope and new opportunities  here," Christopher told reporters after spending an hour with Prime Minister  Yitzhak Rabin and Foreign Minister Shimon Peres.
It is the result of an agreement hammered out by trade officials from both sides last May, after nearly two years of debate over the fruit's safety and US market access.
He said the scar caused by the first fragment to strike the giant planet was still visible more than 20 hours after impact and had rotated into sight twice already.
"It seems unlikely that it could be spots remaining so long after the impact.
They started agitation after King Birendra dissolved the house of representatives on July 11 and announced elections for November 13.
Koirala resigned on July 10 after parliament vote on his government programme.
"If the IPO were to be prohibited at any time after payments for shares under the IPO have been received, the selling shareholder has agreed to return all amounts so received, without interest, to the parties who have made such payments," Petron lawyers told the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The heavily-regulated oil refining and retailing industry is set to be freed after December 27, 1996 under a law which requires the Energy Department to set a detailed timetable for allowing market forces determine prices for petroleum products and profit margins of oil firms.
UN initiative in Angola at advanced stage Minister PRETORIA, July 18 (AFP) - The United Nations initiative to end Angola's civil war was at an "advanced stage," South African Foreign Minister Alfred Nzo said Monday after meeting a senior official of the rebel Unita movement.
Nzo said in a statement after the meeting that the Angolan peace process had, after eight months, "reached an advanced stage and South Africa is anxious that (there is) a positive outcome."
Mandela said after last Thursday's meeting that "great progress" had been made and Dos Santos and Mobutu had agreed to hold a fullscale summit.
Relations between Angola and Zaire deteriorated after Luanda accused Zaire of providing weapons and support to Unita.
Afghan warlord agrees to free Chinese, Pakistani hostages  ISLAMABAD, July 18 (AFP)  An Afghan warlord has agreed to release two Chinese engineers and about a dozen Pakistanis after holding them for more than a year as hostages, officials said Monday.
Della Corte wanted a baby after her only son died in a motorbike accident when he was 17.
Bennett said there has been "marked improvement" towards peace, especially in the Lower Juba region of southern Somalia where farmers expect a good harvest after heavy rains this year.
But he regretted that the capital, Mogadishu was still tense after heavy factional fighting there three weeks ago.
Poli wins Ventoux stage  CARPENTRAS, France, July 18 (AFP)  Italian Eros Poli won the 231km 15th stage of the Tour de France on Monday between Montpellier and Carpentras after a 170km solo escape.
Dow dips  NEW YORK, July 18 (AFP)  Blue chips backtracked in early trading Monday, hit by profit-taking after Friday's gains and the dollar's continuing weakness against major currencies except the yen.
The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials slipped 13.59 points to 3,740.22 about 30 minutes after the session's first bell.
Mafia "madman" dies in Rome  ROME, 18 July (AFP)  A key figure in the Camorra, the Neapolitan Mafia, died Monday from a heart attack in a Rome hospital after being taken ill in jail, prison officials said.
Zaza was mad about football, and died the day after Italy's world cup defeat in the United States.
In 1984, he was arrested after he telephoned his family in Naples to comment on a Naples-Juventus match during half time.
Poli makes Ventoux history as Indurain gets a scare  CARPENTRAS, France, July 18 (AFP)  Italian Eros Poli wrote a new chapter in the history of the infamous Ventoux climb here on Monday as he won the 15th stage of the Tour de France after an extraordinary 170km escape.
But Poli, who make a 180km solo break in the seventh stage only to be caught after leading by 18-and-a-half minutes, deserved all the headlines after getting it right this time.
Poli, however, will remember the place with joy after the Venetian broke away after 60km of the 231km run from Montpellier and at one stage led by a massive 25mins over the main peleton.
Peres spoke after meeting US Secretary of State Warren Christopher who said he was "shocked".
Jordan wants back 385.9 square kilometres (154.3 square miles) of land along the ceasefire line, most of it between the Red and Dead seas taken by Israel after the 1967 Middle East war.
    July 18 (AFP) - The 1500 GMT news advisory:     ISRAEL-JORDAN     ARMISTICE LINE: Israel and Jordan vow to agree                     a peace treaty on the first day                     of historic negotiations after                     46 years of a state war.
Graphic                     by Francis Curta     ROME:           Italy's justice minister gives parliament                     the chance to modify his controversial                     decree on detention after the political                     crisis deepens with prime minister                     Silvio Berlusconi under pressure to back                     down.
                    US-comet,lead                     600 words around 1615 GMT                     by John Zollinger     RIO DE JANEIRO:  Brazilians waken to banner newspaper headlines                      trumpeting their team's World Cup win after                      a night of partying                      Cup-Brazil-celebrates                      600 words around 1730 GMT     WASHINGTON:      IMF chief Michel Camdessus examines the world                      financial system 50 years after the Bretton                      Woods accords which set up the IMF and the                      World Bank.
Local officials and members of the UN refugees office (UNHCR) met Monday to work out ways to improve traffic after the airport was hit by three mortar shells from Rwanda Sunday, frightening away many staff.
Two days of riots in the capital brought bus fares down again after a similar overnight rise at the end of last year.
"There is new hope and new opportunities here," Christopher told reporters after talks with Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and Foreign Minister Shimon Peres.
He returns to Damascus on Friday and back to Israel for a final session with Rabin in a bid to break the deadlock between the two countries after years of stop-go bilateral talks since the Madrid peace conference in October 1991.
On Monday, after Berlusconi refused to back down over the decree curtailing magistrates' rights to detain without trial officials accused of corruption, the lira hit a record low and one of Berlusconi's coalition partners accusing him of behaving like a "dictator."
Berlusconi triggered the latest protests after he ordered Interior Minister Roberto Maroni, a member of the Northern League, to apologise or resign for criticising the decree.
Three former ministers could face new AIDS blood charges  PARIS, July 18 (AFP)  Former French Prime Minister Laurent Fabius and two other socialist former ministers could face criminal charges for allowing AIDS-tainted blood to be administered to patients, after a judicial probe was launched on Monday.
Among them was a poisoning suit brought last February by widow Claire Duplessis-Nicolai, from the Riviera city of Frejus, who caught the AIDS virus after her husband received a contaminated blood transfusion.
Iranian women watch live football for first time in 15 years  TEHRAN, July 18 (AFP)  About 100 Iranian women joined male spectators at the opening matches of the Asian Football Youth Games on Monday after sports authorities waived a law barring women from watching live sports events.
Women were banned from public sports events after the 1979 Islamic revolution as part of moves to segregate the sexes according to Islamic principles.
The decision was revoked briefly, before football federation chief Amir Abedini said women would after all be allowed to attend the elimination round of the championships.
Aid workers who arrived at the scene Monday almost 17 hours after the attack discovered young children, many struck dumb in terror at the carnage, who had spent the night huddled up among the corpses.
But while medical teams tended to the victims, Zairean troops stacked up large piles containing hundreds of rocket-launchers, assault rifles, machine guns, hand-grenades and grenade-launchers abandoned in haste by Rwandan army troops after their flight from RPF forces.
In the late afternoon, some 17 hours after the initial explosions, the rescue effort had barely got under way.
According to Ron Redmond, a spokesman for the UN High Commissioner for Refugees, 135 Moslem civilians -- women, children and elderly -- were expelled Friday from the two areas after being forced to sign over their possessions to Serb forces.
Serb troops Saturday led them to the front line near Satorovici and forced them to cross over to the Moslem side after confiscating their valuables, Redmond added.
The head of the Israeli delegation, Danny Rothschild, told AFP it was business "as usual" after clashes between workers and Israeli soldiers left two Palestinians dead and 75 people wounded on both sides.
The meeting was called by PLO chairman Yasser Arafat after the violence.
(adding racing detail and quotes) Poli makes Ventoux history as Indurain gets a scare  CARPENTRAS, France, July 18 (AFP)  Italian giant Eros Poli wrote a new chapter in the history of the infamous Ventoux climb here on Monday as he won the 15th stage of the Tour de France after an extraordinary 170km escape.
But Poli, who make a 180km solo break in the seventh stage only to be caught after leading by 18-and-a-half minutes, deserved all the headlines after getting it right this time.
(CARPENTRAS) Poli, however, will remember the place with joy after the Venetian broke away after 60km of the 231km run from Montpellier and at one stage led by a massive 25mins over the main peleton.
"We all agreed that a continued effort, continued pressure was the appropriate way to go to bring about a peace plan," Perry told a press conference after meeting Romanian officials including President Ion Iliescu and Foreign Minister Gheorghe Tinca.
But the discussions were put off after North Korean leader Kim Il-Sung died on July 8.
Jordan wants back 385.9 square kilometres (154.3 square miles) of land along the ceasefire line, most of it between the Red and Dead seas taken by Israel after the 1967 Middle East war.
Hosts and fourth-seeds Germany, playing without world number-one Steffi Graf who is taking a break from tennis after her recent upsets at the French Open and Wimbledon, also went through with 14th seeds South Africa and 15th seeds Slovakia.
Speaking after a meeting with Togo's President Gnassingbe Eyadema, who has been mediating in the dispute, the minister said the summit would be held in Togo not more than a week after the July 25 summit of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), to be held in the Nigerian capital Abuja.
South Africa final scoreboard  NORTHAMPTON, July 18 (AFP)  Final scoreboard after South Africa's three-day tour match against Northamptonshire on Monday: South Africa 296-7 dec (K.C. Wessels 70, J.N. Rhodes 59, B.M. McMillan 50) and 216-3 dec (G.
NASA consultant blasts US space program  WASHINGTON, July 18 (AFP)  Twenty-five years after NASA sent the first man to the moon, the US space program has become "undaring, unexciting, and fundamentally dull," said a long-time NASA advisor Monday.
Sagan questioned NASA's decision-making which led to the disastrous 1986 Challenger mission, the shuttle which exploded 74 seconds after takeoff, killing all seven crew members aboard.
But after a visit by former US president Jimmy Carter to Pyongyang last month, the North Koreans said they would freeze their nuclear program and the United States agreed to reopen high-level bilateral talks.
The discussions were put off after North Korean leader Kim Il-Sung died on July 8.
The Serbs currently hold about 70 percent of the territory after more than two years of the worst fighting in Europe since World War II.
In his communique Monday, Gubler said "mechanical" problems in urinating had impacted on kidney function and that the operation had been decided after a series of biological tests and scans since last May 25.
Lacking any agreement among its 15 members on a formula for a group position on Iraq's compliance with UN resolutions, the economic embargo slapped on Baghdad in August 1990 was renewed automatically, this month's council president Jamsheed Marker of Pakistan said after consultations.
He spoke after meeting US Secretary of State Warren Christopher who condemned the "enemies of peace."
"So we are going to redouble our efforts while sympathising with all Jewish people after the terrible event at Buenos Aires."
Jordanian delegation head Fayez Tarawneh expressed his "sorrow at the tragedy" after the first day of bilateral talks with Israel along their common ceasefire line.
Without the fastest white bowler in the world, South Africa's attack failed to make a significant impression on their hosts' second innings on Monday, after the tourists captain, Kepler Wessels, had declared 263 runs ahead with 50 overs left.
But Red Cross spokeswoman Nina Winquist said the people of Kibuye in the south were fleeing from the threat of fighting after the victorious rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) made incursions into the French zone Sunday.
English cricket scores  LONDON, July 18 (AFP)  Final scores after four-day English County Championship matches Monday: Southend: Essex 274 (N Hussain 82 not out, J P Stephenson 58, G A Gooch 53)  and 181 (M A Garnham 61 not out), Glamorgan 248 (P A Cottey 54, P M Such 5-78)  and 189 (O D Gibson 55, J H Childs 5-58).
The delegation, which included senior officials and leading businessmen, was headed by Malaysian Transport Minister Datuk Seri Ling Liong Sik and called on Burmese military junta leader General Than Shwe at the Defense Ministry shortly after arriving, the broadcast monitored here said.
Some 100,000 Tibetan refugees, led by their spiritual leader the Dalai Lama, fled to India in 1959 after Beijing put down an anti-Chinese uprising in Tibet.
Ben Eliezer told Israeli radio that authorities wanted only "settler families who are currently living in caravans to move into housing at Kyriat Arba," after meeting with settler representatives.
They pulled out only after the government ordered the army to evict them, and Ben Eliezer pledged to study their demands.
Denise, the wife of Bebeto, said after watching on television her husband pour his all into the game, that "even though he spent so much time out of Brazil that he missed the birth of our son Mateus, it was worth it."
English cricket table  LONDON, July 18 (AFP)  English County Championship table on Monday after latest matches (played, won, lost, drawn, batting points, bowling points, total points.
The concessions came after a day of intense consultations within the young right-wing coalition and hints from one partner -- Umberto Bossi's Northern League -- that it could quit the government over the issue.
"If there is no score after that additional half-hour then we are thinking of adding an extra 10 minutes.
Moslems expelled from Serb area arrive in Sarajevo  SARAJEVO, July 18 (AFP)  A group of 128 Moslems expelled from Rogatica in eastern Bosnia arrived in Sarajevo on Monday after being forced over the dividing line by Serb forces, television reported here.
An itinerary has not yet been worked out, he said, adding that "We can expect North Koreans to contact us later this week" about resuming a dialogue on Pyongyang's nuclear program after the funeral for president Kim Il-Sung.
Talks were suspended a day after they began on July 8 when the president died and Johnson said they were expected to resume after a national mourning period.
Resuming at 149 for five and chasing a 208-run victory target, Glamorgan slumped to 189 all out after losing five wickets for eight runs in 50 deliveries, Childs' finishing with five for 58.
The 19-year-old Canadian-born world number-eight, who staged a tearful last-minute withdrawal from Wimbledon because of intense media pressure and who was the subject of a rift in the French team after being offered a special bonus payment, raced to a 6-3, 6-1 win in 67 minutes over Korea's top player Sung-Hee Park.
"It's always delicate when you play the first match in any event," she said after her win, adding: "And it takes time to adapt back to clay after playing on grass."
Germany, playing without world number-one Steffi Graf, who has taken extra time away from tennis to recover after shock defeats at the French Open and Wimbledon, beat Colombia 3-0.
South Africa, seeded 14, beat Victor Pecci's Paraguan team 3-0 and 15th seeds Slovakia defeated Finland 2-1 -- dropping the doubles after winning the singles.
More than a hundred refugees were killed in the attack or crushed in the stampede which ensued after shells fired from the Rwandan side of the border landed near the refugee camps on Sunday.
The UN High Commissioner for Refugees' office said it was likely to reopen humanitarian flights into Goma on Tuesday after they were suspended Sunday following the shelling.
   News agenda for Tuesday, July 19     PYONGYANG : funeral of North Korean President Kim Il-Sung     STRASBOURG: European Parliament session opens     GENEVA:     contact group on Bosnia meets     BRUSSELS:   EU foreign ministers continue meeting after                 Bosnian parliament and Serb assembly vote on                 international plan     ATHENS:     US Defense Secretary William Perry visits     KIEV:       Ukraine President Leonid Kuchma sworn in     GREENBELT, Maryland: More comet explosions 
Lacking any agreement among its 15 members on a formula for a group position on Iraq's compliance with UN resolutions, the economic embargo slapped on Baghdad in August 1990 was renewed automatically, this month's council president Jamsheed Marker of Pakistan said after consultations.
Peres was speaking after the two countries held historic negotiations -- the first acknowledged meeting between the two side to be held in the Middle East -- in a tent on the desert sands on the Israel-Jordan armistice line.
The move came after a series of threats against the PLO which Israel has accused of using Orient House, the East Jerusalem headquarters of the Palestinian delegation to the bilateral Middle East peace talks, as a foreign ministry.
AN ABC tv poll after Sunday's final between Brazil and Italy showed that six in ten Americans wanted a US soccer league and over one third would buy tickets.
The aim of the visit will be to "strengthen political and economic relations between the two countries," the ambassador said after meeting Hariri.
Its decision came just a week after the victory of the pro-Russian candidate Leonid Kuchma in Ukraine's presidential elections.
Alexander Solzhenitsyn to arrive in Moscow on Thursday  MOSCOW, July 18 (AFP)  Dissident writer Alexander Solzhenitsyn is expected in Moscow on Thursday after ending his 20-year exile in the United States with a two-month pilgrimage through Russia, the agency ITAR-TASS said Monday.
The Krahn forces of ULIMO military commander General Roosevelt Johnson repelled the attack after "several hours of fighting," ECOMOG sources added.
Fighting between members of the Krahn and Mandingo clans broke out last March, after the Krahns accused the Mandingoes of taking most of the posts allocated to ULIMO in the transitional institutions, which were set up on March 7.
The move comes three days after complaints from Charles Taylor's National Patriotic Front of Liberia (NPFL) about a June 30 security guideline, which ordered owners of communication sets in the capital to report them to ECOMOG or risk confiscation.
Youssouf was handed over by the Nigerian authorities last November after the four hijackers accused him of being behind the incident.
Gunnell, the British women's team captain, was the focus of the country's hopes for an uplift in fortunes after it was announced on Monday that former world 10,000m champion Liz McColgan would miss Helsinki.
    July 18 (AFP) - The 2100 GMT news advisory:     ISRAEL-JORDAN     ARMISTICE LINE: Israel and Jordan vow to work for peace                     on the first day of historic negotiations after                     46 years of a state of war.
The Serbs currently control 70 percent of Bosnia after 27 months of the worst fighting in Europe since World War II, and have expressed strong opposition to the proposed peace deal.
Stunned neighbors, many of them in bloodied bedclothes, managed to get away  from the area on foot, skirting mountains of rubble and masonry chunks after the blast at 9:55 a.m. (1255 GMT).
Coca-Cola was unchanged at 42-3/8 after reporting a boost in second- quarter profits to 758 million dollars.
Time Warner rose 7/8 to 36-7/8 after announcing a reduction in losses.
Chase Manhattan Bank, which reported higher earnings, was unchanged at 38-3/4 and NationsBank, rose 5/8 to 55-1/8 after reporting a jump in profits.
The Serbs currently control 70 percent of Bosnia after 27 months of the worst fighting in Europe since World War II, and have expressed strong opposition to the peace deal because it would mean giving back a big chunk of conquered land.
(new series) URGENT  PALE, Bosnia-Hercegovina, July 19 (AFP)  The self-proclaimed Bosnian Serb assembly suspended early Tuesday its debate on an international peace plan for Bosnia-Hercegovina after 10 hours of discussions.
Wanted PKK official to be expelled from Netherlands  THE HAGUE, July 18 (AFP)  A senior Kurdish rebel official wanted by authorities in Turkey is to be expelled from the Netherlands after being arrested last week, the Dutch justice ministry said Monday.
Ankara had put out an international arrest warrant for him, but after questioning him Dutch authorities saw no need to detain him, the ministry said.
Highly-regarded Swiss referee Kurt Roethlisberger, rated by some observers as a favourite to officiate in the final, was unceremoniously sent packing after denying Belgium's Josip Weber an apparent penalty in their 3-2 second round loss to Germany in Chicago.
Serbian Bora Milutinovic, who has overseen the World Cup campaigns of three countries, says he would like to stay on as US coach, but nothing will be decided until after USSF elections later this summer.
Italian defender Mauro Tassotti created World Cup history when he became the first player suspended after trial by video.
Romanian forward Ion Vladoiu's World Cup ended in ignominy when he was sent home after incurring a three-match ban for a wild thigh-high challenge on Swiss striker Stephane Chapuisat.
On the down side, Maradona was banned after testing positive in a drugs test, Brazilian Leonardo was suspended for four matches for elbowing American Tab Ramos in the left temple, and FIFA slapped a massive eight-match ban on Italian Mauro Tassotti after he broke Spaniard Luis Enrique's nose.
And footballers were still going down like flies in near death throes after being fouled, despite FIFA guidelines to caution a player feigning injury.
And, after his teammates converged round George, perhaps to pat his head and say 'Good boy', he cocked up his right leg in true doggy fashion.
Serbs keep mum after adjourning peace plan debate  PALE, Bosnia-Hercegovina, July 19 (AFP)  The self-proclaimed Bosnian Serb assembly suspended early Tuesday its debate on an international peace plan for Bosnia-Hercegovina after 10 hours of discussions.
Germany drops measures against British beef after mad cow accord  BRUSSELS, July 18 (AFP)  Germany Monday said it would not implement tighter measures against British beef after Britain accepted stricter controls to guard against the so-called mad cow disease, an EU spokesman said.
There was also hope of a compromise accord on farm prices for the 1994-1995 season, EU sources said, after conference chairman Borchert put forward new proposals.
Serbs still undecided on peace plan after Moslems, Croats accept  PALE, Bosnia-Hercegovina, July 19 (AFP)  Bosnian Serbs put off a vote Tuesday on an international peace plan for Bosnia-Hercegovina, after Moslem and Croat representatives overwhelmingly approved it.
The self-declared Bosnian Serb parliament suspended debate soon after midnight after some 10 hours of discussions, deciding to resume at 10 a.m. (0800 GMT).
Before the session started on Monday after a delay of some four hours journalists covering the debate failed to find one participant in favour.
Two children -- one apparently suffering from a broken leg -- were pulled from the debris after their cries were heard by emergency crews picking through the shifting rubble.
Stunned neighbors, many of them in bloodied bedclothes, managed to get away  from the area on foot, skirting mountains of rubble and masonry chunks after the blast at 9:55 a.m. (1255 GMT).
Here is a chronology of the main events which led to Monday's declaration: APRIL 6th: President Juvenal Habyarimana is killed, along with his Burundian counterpart Cyprien Ntaryamira, in a plane crash near Kigali airport, after being hit by rockets.
The massive deployment came after 600 police raided the Hanyang University campus here before dawn and arrested 39 students in what was described as a "pre-emptive raid."
Chinese scientific satellite returns to earth  BEIJING, July 19 (AFP)  A Chinese satellite launched in early July has returned to earth as planned after a mission to carry out scientific and technological exploration, Xinhua news agency reported.
Walraven turned police informant after being arrested on drug charges and told investigators Elders was one of his cocaine connections.
The baby was recovered Saturday following a tip-off to police after intensive media publicity at the house nearby that Kelley shared with her boyfriend Leigh Gilbert, 23, and his mother Sarah.
"For two weeks my client had looked after the baby to the best of her ability.
"Jail's too easy for her after what she did," one woman was quoted as saying.
EU ministers agree new farm prices in late-night talks  BRUSSELS, July 19 (AFP)  European Union agriculture ministers reached a compromise package accord on farm prices for the 1994-1995 season early Tuesday, after 10 hours of negotiations lasting well into the night.
"This accord is satisfying from a global perspective, and shows that it was worth continuing to discuss," said French Agriculture Minister Jean Puech after the agreement was reached.
The ministers agreed to subsidize such production to the tune of 115 "green" ecus (about 170 dollars) per hectare, after Paris argued that the Union was being obliged to import the crop to satisfy demand for it.
(BRUSSELS) Among other developments at the agriculture ministers' meeting, Germany said it would not take tighter measures against British beef after Britain accepted stricter controls to guard against the so- called mad cow disease.
Two  children -- one apparently suffering from a broken leg -- were pulled from the  debris after their cries were heard by emergency crews picking through the  shifting rubble.
(AFP)     PALE, Bosnia-Hercegovina: Bosnian Serbs put off a vote Tuesday on an  international peace plan for Bosnia-Hercegovina, after Moslem and Croat  representatives overwhelmingly approved it.
Peres was  speaking after the two countries held historic negotiations -- the first  acknowledged meeting between the two sides to be held in the Middle East -- in  a tent on the desert sands on the Israel-Jordan armistice line.
China seeks foreign partners to develop nuclear power  BEIJING, July 19 (AFP)  Premier Li Peng has called for greater foreign participation in developing China's nuclear power industry after the successful completion of the Daya Bay plant, the China Daily said Tuesday.
North Korea suspended high-level nuclear talks with the United States, citing the sudden death on June 8 of its Stalinist leader Kim Il-Sung, but vowed to resume the talks after Kim's funeral, which was held Tuesday.
A New Zealand Rugby Football Union (NZRFU) judicial committee decided after a five-hour hearing in Wellington on Monday that Small's actions were "extremely foolish" but not intentional.
Small collided with Gordon after a lineout early in the match, jumping in the air to challenge for the ball.
Two children, one apparently suffering from a broken leg, and a youth were pulled from the debris after their cries were heard by emergency crews picking through the shifting rubble.
Telam news agency said they were both released after several hours.
Stunned neighbors, many of them in bloodied bedclothes, managed to get away  from the area on foot, skirting mountains of rubble and masonry chunks after the blast.
Christopher heads for Syria after raising Mideast peace hopes  TEL AVIV, July 19 (AFP)  US Secretary of State Warren Christopher set off for Damascus on Tuesday after saying he saw "new hope" for peace between Israel and Syria.
The secretary returns to Damascus on Friday and back to Israel for a final session with Rabin in a bid to break the deadlock after years of stop-go bilateral talks since the Madrid peace conference in October 1991.
Israel accuses Iran in Buenos Aires bombing  JERUSALEM, July 19 (AFP)  Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin pointed a finger straight at Iran on Tuesday after the Buenos Aires bombing of a Jewish charity left at least 22 dead and 127 wounded.
They have ideological and operational links to Iran," he said after Israel sent a 50-strong military rescue squad to Buenos Aires, the army said.
Moslem gunmen wound Israeli soldier in ambush  RAFAH, Gaza Strip, July 19 (AFP)  Two gunmen attacked an Israeli military patrol near the Rafah border with Egypt on Tuesday, escaping in a waiting car after wounding a soldier, Palestinan witnesses and police said.
Capital market outlook uncertain, as low bond prices hit business, OECD says  PARIS, July 19 (AFP)  Conditions on world capital markets are likely to remain "highly uncertain" in the short term in the wake of the turbulence that hit bond trading after a sharp jump in interest rates in February, the OECD said here.
In 1993 as a whole, total borrowing expanded by 34 percent to 819 billion dollars after an increase of more than 13 percent in 1992.
Christopher arrives in Syria  DAMASCUS, July 19 (AFP)  US Secretary of State Warren Christopher arrived here on Tuesday from Israel after saying he saw "new hope" for peace between Syria and the Jewish state.
"There is new hope and new opportunities here," Christopher told reporters on Monday after talks with Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and Foreign Minister Shimon Peres.
Jordan wants back 385.9 square kilometres (154.3 square miles) of land along the ceasefire line, most of it between the Red and Dead seas taken by Israel after the 1967 Middle East war.
The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 selected issues in the first section increased 57.52 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,775.16 points after falling 52.51 points the previous day.
(TAC) and British Aerospace plc (BAe) on a 775-million-dollar joint venture to produce a regional airliner are expected to be resumed after almost a year, a local newspaper reported on Tuesday.
Earlier talks between TAC and BAe broke down in September last year after the government here had backed out of the project because BAe reportedly refused to transfer technology to Taiwan to help develop its fledging aerospace industry.
World War II bomb found at popular Hong Kong tourist site  HONG KONG, July 19 (AFP)  Hundreds of passengers on Hong Kong's Peak tram were stranded Tuesday after a live World War II bomb was uncovered at a nearby construction site.
Last week, tram services were suspended for three hours after a similar World War II bomb was found at another construction site on the Peak, which is one of the territory's most exclusive residential areas.
Rand drops against dollar  JOHANNESBURG, July 19 (AFP)  The rand droped against the dollar at the opening here Tuesday, trading at 3.6660/6675 after Friday's close of 3.6607/6622.
The bank said on Monday that it would hold a press conference after the meeting.
Juppe was responding to news that the Bosnian Serbs would resume a debate on the plan at 10:00 a.m. (0800 GMT) Tuesday after suspending it soon after midnight following some 10 hours of discussions.
A 31-year CIA veteran and counterintelligence officer, Ames, 52, was arrested in February after spying for the former Soviet Union for more than 10 years.
(picture) South African faces new violence storm  PALMERSTON NORTH, New Zealand, July 19 (AFP)  South Africa beat Manawatu 47-21 here Tuesday but were dragged into a new violence storm after lock Adri Geldenhuys was sent off for punching.
Right winger Chris Badenhorst put South Africa back in front with a well-taken try after Manawatu fullback Jody Smith failed to find touch.
Manawatu showed they intended making the most of their day when prop Graham Hurunui charged over after a quick tapped free kick near the Springbok line.
He then produced a perfectly weighted kick ahead on the short side for Badenhorst to grab his second and, after Kruger was held up as he dived for the line, bulky centre Jannie Claasens barged over from a set piece move.
But the fighting had taken over by then with rival hookers Doyle and James Dalton having frequent spats and Manawatu lock Mana 'Otai stood up from a ruck to land a punch on Dalton after Walsh had blown his whistle and forwards were standing around waiting to form a scrum.
They have ideological and operational links to Iran," he said after Israel sent a 50-strong military rescue squad to Arengtina.
Rabin admitted that security services had been put on the alert against feared attacks on Jewish targets throughout the world after "the blows struck by the Israeli army against Hezbollah in Lebanon."
Jacques Neria, a former adviser to Rabin, told the Maariv newspaper that the Hezbollah organized the embassy bombing in Argentina to mark the second month after the killing by Israel of Hezbollah leader Sheikh Abbas Jussawai, his wife and one of his children in Lebanon.
The WPF airlift, which was due to begin Sunday morning, was suspended Saturday after three mortar shells were fired at Goma airport.
The city fell to northern troops in early July after a bitter month- long siege ending the civil war which had pitted rival north and south forces since May 5.
Iran had backed Yemen's unity during the war after southern leaders declared a breakaway state in a bid to end a four-year uneasy union between the former North and South Yemen.
Jordan wants back 385.9 square kilometres (154.3 square miles) of land along the ceasefire line, most of it between the Red and Dead seas taken by Israel after the 1967 Middle East war.
Despite his hospitalization, the president, who is due to retire next May after 14 years in power, will still carry on his duties.
The self-proclaimed Bosnian Serb parliament resumed its debate on the partition plan Tuesday after 10 hours of discussion Monday.
The authorities did everything possible to house the refugees and find them work, said Cypriot President Glafcos Clerides, who acted as interim president from July to December 1974 after a coup instigated by Greece's military junta toppled Archbishop Makarios on July 15.
The gap left by the Lebanese who returned to their country after the end of the war in 1990 has been largely filled by eastern European companies, especially from Serbia and Russia.
                    Vote expected around 1100 GMT     ROME:           A parliamentary committee is set to                     discuss the Italian government's controversial                     decree restricting detention after Prime                     Minister Silvio Berlusconi                     backs down to defuse a political crisis.
But shortly after he spoke the rally of the lira faded and the currency fell.
One of his first goals after taking office, he said, would be to negotiate a wide-ranging economic treaty with Russia.
"The economic inertia of Ukraine is much stronger than that in Crimea," he told reporters after the inauguration.
Police patrol Lagos after riots kill 20  LAGOS, July 19 (AFP)  Armed police were out on major Lagos streets on Tuesday following clashes between pro-democracy marchers with police which according to the Nigerian opposition left 20 people dead.
Indonesia said after the demonstration that a number of youths had been "lightly wounded."
The Islamic Resistance Movement HAMAS claimed responsibility for the ambush after which the guerrillas escaped in a waiting car, shouting "Allah u Akbar (God is great), witnesses said.
BHP managing director John Prescott had announced on July 4 that the group intended to diversify into power generation after posting record annual net profits for the year to May 31 of 1.284 billion Australian dollars (937 million US).
On Thursday MEPs will exercise a new privilege to approve nominations to the European Commission, including that of Jacques Santer, the premier of Luxembourg who was picked by EU leaders Friday as the new Commission president after a three-week deadlock.
Eight people were injured but were all released after treatment at a local hospital.
The Bosnian Serb assembly resumed its debate on the partition plan Tuesday after adjourning following 10 hours of discussions Monday.
The bank had said on Monday that it would hold a press conference after the meeting.
Schneider said that the bank would have an easier task in presenting a cut in rates to the markets after the summer holiday.
At Schroeder Muenchmeyer, analyst Burkhard Erke said that the decision by the bank to hold a press conference after the council meeting on Thursday should not be taken to signify that rates would be cut.
Eight teams -- AC Milan, Ajax Amsterdam, Manchester United, Bayern Munich, Barcelona, Benfica, Spartak Moscow and Anderlecht -- qualify automatically for the group stages of the Champions League after winning their league titles last season.
Spanish navy tries to seize Gabrielle from fishermen  BURELA, Spain, July 19 (AFP)  The Spanish navy on Tuesday was trying to seize the French trawler Gabrielle from an escort of 400 Spanish fishing boats to hand it over to French authorities, as agreed after European Union mediation in the bitter fishing dispute.
    July 19 (AFP) - We will move the following features:     NICOSIA:        Constantinou, Titina, Christos and 200,000                     of their fellow Greek-Cypriots all have one                     thing in common -- they are all "refugees"                     in their own country, 20 years after the                     occupation by Turkish troops of the northern                     part of their island home.
General Paul Kagame, the military leader of the mainly Tutsi RPF which now controls most of the country after ousting the interim government forces, exchanged greetings with RPF leader Alexis Kanyarengwe.
The government then outlawed the VHP, and Rao promised to rebuild the mosque, which Hindu hardliners say was erected by Moghul king Babar after the razing of an earlier Rama shrine.
Parliamentary committee set to reject controversial decree by Jean-Louis de la Vaissiere  ROME, July 19 (AFP)  A parliamentary committee was set Tuesday to reject a controversial decree restricting the use of detention by anti-corruption magistrates after Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi offered concessions to defuse a political crisis.
The junta has said the law took effect in July 1990, a year after she was detained, and she can legally be held until July 1995.
Aung San Suu Kyi was put under house arrest only days after she vehemently criticized former dictator Ne Win in a speech in 1989.
This feeling grew sharply after workers clashed Sunday with the Israeli army at the Erez crossing point.
Abu Obeida was speaking at this camp which houses almost 100,000 refugees from Beersheba whose families came to Egyptian-controlled Gaza after the creation of the state of Israel in 1948.
South Korean TV stations showed only brief selected clips of the funeral, in contrast to the week after Kim Il-Sung's death when the same stations showed unprecedented and uninterrupted hours of North Korean television mourning scenes.
Said Minister Lee Hong-Koo after meeting with President Kim Young-Sam, "the government will first talk with North Korea about the right procedure for the new situation based on the judgement that the inter- Korean summit should be held."
Jordanian army officers brought maps of the disputed border to Tuesday's talks, correspondents said, after the two delegations admitted at the opening session that the border question needs a lot of work.
Jordan wants back 385.9 square kilometres (154.3 square miles) of land along the ceasefire line, most of it between the Red and Dead seas taken by Israel after the 1967 Middle East war.
Between 500,000 and a million people have been massacred after Rwanda slipped back into civil war on April 6 when Hutu President Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a suspected rocket attack on his plane.
The US secretary flew in from Tel Aviv after saying there was "new hope" for peace between Israel and its most powerful Arab enemy Syria, following Israel's success in talks with Jordan and the Palestinians.
Most analysts had expected a deficit in the range of 8.7 billion dollars after a revised figure of 8.5 billion dollars in April.
Most refugees have started returning to their villages which they fled after war broke out on May 5 between troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh, a northerner, and those of his southern rival Ali Salem al-Baid.
The war ended on July 7 after besieging northern forces captured the southern strongholds of Aden and Mukalla.
The coffin was returned to Kim's own palace after the solemn motorcade through the streets of the North Korean capital.
MCC honours for ex-stars  LONDON, July 19 (AFP)  Former South Africa stars Barry Richards and Graeme Pollock have been made honorary cricket members of the MCC, on the eve of their country's return to Test cricket here after 29 years.
Cascarino joins Marseille, winners of the 1993 European Champions Cup, in the French second division after the club was relegated in disgrace following a match-rigging scandal.
India, Sri Lanka promotes tea cartel  COLOMBO, July 19 (AFP)  India and Sri Lanka, the world's biggest exporters of tea, have agreed to set up a cartel with at least four other producers of the commodity, tea board officials said after talks here Tuesday.
Qassis is leading the Palestinian delegation in place of Nabil Shaath, who was still in Gaza having stayed to attend an emergency meeting of the Palestinian Authority after violent riots in Gaza killed two Palestinians and wounded 75 others.
No breakthrough in border conflict after Chinese FM's visit by Chris Lefkow  NEW DELHI, July 19 (AFP)  Chinese Foreign Minister Qian Qichen wrapped up a visit to India on Tuesday that failed to yield any progress in resolving the border dispute between the two Asian giants but may lead to increased trade.
The Dow Jones Index of 30 leading industrials shortly after the opening was down 4.85 points at 3,750.58 points.
The meeting broke up in the early hours of Tuesday morning after 10 hours of talks and restarted in closed session mid-morning.
(AFP)     DAMASCUS: US Secretary of State Warren Christopher began talks with  President Hafez al-Assad after warnings that a Middle East peace settlement  without Syria would lead to war.
Gulf states seen pursuing reforms after oil price fall by Nadim Kawash  ABU DHABI, July 19 (AFP)  Gulf Arab states are pressing ahead with plans to restructure their economies through privatisation and other reforms to offset weak oil prices and diversify income sources, an official report said Tuesday.
Conti, who joined an escape party that slipped away from the main pack after just 14kms, beat Colomibian Gutierrez Buenahora by over two minutes and Udo Bolts of Germany by almost four at the end of the 1,860-metre climb.
Indurain, meanwhile, unworried by Conti's move, was then forced to counter-attack after misjudging an escape by nearest challenger Richard Virenque and Italian Marco Pantani.
Frencham Armand de las Cuevas dropped from third to fourth behind compatriot Luc Leblanc after failing to stay with Indurain's group.
The formation of the new government, named in place of an interim Hutu-led administration appointed after the April 7 outbreak of civil war, was announced as Bizimungu took the oath.
Singapore Deputy Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said after a meeting on the Indonesian told a news conference that there were problems delaying the project.
He died on October 8, 1992, after German unification had been achieved.
The 29-year-old Conti, who joined a 14-man escape party that slipped away from the main pack after just 14kms, beat Colomibian Gutierrez Buenahora by over two minutes and Udo Bolts of Germany by almost four at the end of the 1,860-metre climb.
Indurain, meanwhile, unworried by Conti's move, was then forced to counter-attack after misjudging an escape by nearest challenger Richard Virenque and Italian Marco Pantani.
Frenchman Armand de las Cuevas dropped from third to fourth behind compatriot Luc Leblanc after failing to stay with Indurain's group.
Most of the deaths were caused by electrocution after high tension wires fell to the ground.
                    Italy-politics, new series                     600 words around 1600 GMT                     by Beatrice Bretonniere     KIGALI:         A new Rwandan coalition government is named                     under a president and prime minister of the                     Hutu majority after three and a half months                     of civil war, but frightened refugees continue                     to flee across the border into Zaire.
                    Mideast-US,3rdlead                     600 words around 1615 GMT                     by Hala Boncompagni     HOUSTON,     Texas:          Twenty-five years after Apollo 11's historic                     trip to the moon, Houston vividly remembers                     that Sunday, July 20, 1969 when the first                     astronaut placed his foot on the surface of                     the moon.
Houston remembers Apollo 11's moon landing 25 years ago by Souk Chanthalangsy  HOUSTON, Texas, July 19 (AFP)  Twenty-five years after Apollo 11's historic lunar landing, Houston vividly remembers that Sunday, July 20, 1969 when the first astronaut set foot on the moon's surface as mission control here held its breath.
At the scene of the explosion, about 30 rescue workers appeared better organized early Tuesday than in the hectic hours immediately after the blast, keeping reporters and onlookers at a 50-meter (-yard) distance as they continued their quest for any survivors.
The team left Tel Aviv on an Israeli military plane after Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin telephoned Menem and pledged immediate cooperation.
The accusation came as ceremonies were held in Palermo in memory of Falcone, who was killed along with five members of his entourage by a car bomb after visiting his mother.
Riina has been serving a life term since January 1993 after being convicted on other charges.
The accusation came as ceremonies were held in Palermo in memory of Borsellino, who was killed along with five members of his entourage by a car bomb after visiting his mother.
Riina has been serving a life term since January 1993 after being convicted of a series of murders during a trial en masse of Mafia leaders in 1987.
Wade and five other opposition leaders including deputies Landing Savane and Papa Oumar Kane, who were charged and detained for four months for their involvement in the February 16 riots in Dakar, were provisionally released on June 28 after a hunger strike.
The Islamist movement was outlawed after the February 16 riots which were sparked off after a public meeting organised by five opposition parties.
Pepsico was up 3/8 to 30-7/8 after announcing profits of 55 cents per share up from 53 cents one year ago.
Qassis is leading the Palestinian delegation in place of Nabil Shaath, who was still in Gaza having stayed to attend an emergency meeting of the Palestinian Authority after violent riots in Gaza killed two Palestinians and wounded 75 others.
Proctor seeks inspiration  LONDON, July 19 (AFP)  South African coach Mike Proctor is hoping the emotion of returning to the home of cricket after 29 years will inspire his players on Thursday.
But, after Monday's tame draw against Northamptonshire, Procter insisted: "I'm very pleased with our build-up.
But Christopher said after more than two hours of discussions with the Syrian leader that "we're still in the process of difficult negotiations.
They were to meet again later after Assad considered points made by Christopher, who flew to Damascus from Israel after saying there was new hope for peace.
The accusation came as ceremonies were held in Palermo in memory of Borsellino, who was killed along with five members of his entourage by a car bomb after arriving to visit his mother in downtown Palermo.
His death came less than two months after the murder of another anti-Mafia crusader, Judge Giovanni Falcone.
Riina has been serving a life term since January 1993 after being convicted of a series of murders during a trial en masse of Mafia leaders in 1987.
England, with only one point and without a goal in four matches, now face the prospect of playing off for ninth place at best after this 1-0 defeat.
Meanwhile, host nation Ireland are still looking for their first victory after a 0-0 Pool A stalemate against Russia.
As both teams attacked after the interval, Ireland finished the stronger but despite forcing several penalty corners they were unable to find a way past the steadfast Russian defence.
A new government was sworn in in Kigali on Tuesday after the largely Tutsi rebel Rwanda Patriotic Front seized the capital.
The decision to withdraw the decree marked the first setback for Berlusconi, three months after his Forza Italia party rode a wave of populist support to sweep national elections.
The team of magistrates in Milan who had led the investigation threatened to resign after publication of the decree, claiming that holding suspects in jail for up to three months was vital in that it prevented them from fleeing the country or tampering with evidence.
D'Oliveira, now 62, played 44 Tests for England after emigrating in the mid-1960s.
The 29-year-old Conti, who joined a 14-man escape party that slipped away from the main pack after just 14kms, beat Colomibian Gutierrez Buenahora by over two minutes and Udo Bolts of Germany by almost four at the end of the 1,860-metre climb.
Indurain, meanwhile, unworried by Conti's move, was forced to counter- attack after misjudging an escape by nearest challenger Richard Virenque and Italian Marco Pantani.
Frenchman Armand de las Cuevas dropped from third to fourth behind compatriot Luc Leblanc after failing to stay with Indurain's group.
Mitterrand, 77, who retires after 14 years in power next May, dictated the agenda for a cabinet meeting Wednesday to his assistant secretary- general, Anne Lauvergeon, who sat at his bedside.
That could lead to the hundreds of suspects freed since the decree came into force being returned to custody -- but only after magistrates have re-examined each case.
Jordan wants back 385.9 square kilometres (154.3 square miles) of land along the ceasefire line, most of it between the Red and Dead seas taken by Israel after the 1967 Middle East war.
Investors were waiting to make decisions until after Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan's testimony to congress early Wednesday.
Brazil's football champs arrived here Tuesday after an exhausting final with Italy that ended with a 3-2 penalty shootout on Sunday.
The body turned up below a row of houses that had been demolished to make way for the Jack Walker stand, named after the director whose millions have put the club at the forefront of the English game.
Twagiramungu immediately hailed it a government of reconciliation after three-and-a-half months of ethnic carnage which has claimed between 500,000 and one million lives, most Tutsi victims of Hutu hardliners.
But its hold over a people traumatised by war remained tenuous as members of the ousted Hutu-led interim administration named after the April 7 outbreak of civil war undermined its successor's authority by encouraging a continued exodus of hundreds of thousands of Rwandan refugees.
Panos Moumtzis said some 600,000 refugees were streaming into Zaire in response to radio appeals by the ousted government after decisive advances by RPF forces.
Pharmaceuticals groups, which depend on the US market for their sales, saw their shares rise after the dollar gained on the foreign exchanges.
Glaxo Holdings rose 14.5 pence to 582 while SmithKline Beecham climbed eight pence to 402 after the publication of results showing an unexpected rise in its results.
The couple, Bernadette and Adrian Mooney, were released after paying 60 dollars each.
They look fine, they are in good spirits and they seem to be in good health," British Embassy spokesman Laurie Bristow said in a statement after their release.
Nasreen, 32, a gynecologist-turned-novelist, has been living in hiding since June after Islamic fundamentalists issued a death sentence over an interview in which she was quoted as saying Islam should be revised.
The government is also after her, for her novel Lajja (Shame), which it has banned as blasphemous to Islam.
Frightened refugees continued to stream across the border into Zaire after three-and-a-half months of ethnic carnage which has claimed between 500,000 and one million lives, most Tutsi victims of Hutu hardliners.
Human rights group protests death of prisoner  BEIRUT, July 19 (AFP)  The Lebanese Human Rights Association protested Tuesday against the death of a prisoner during interrogation last week, four months after another prisoner was beaten to death.
The move came a day after the UN Security Council decided to keep UN sanctions on Iraq amid differences over progress Baghdad has made in cooperating with the United Nations in recent months.
It owes its life to a dog that found a fertilized shark egg on a Portsmouth beach in the spring after a heavy storm.
Lucky spent Tuesday swimming around in a private tank, and will be sent to sea after a few weeks of observation.
The fighting will continue over the possession of these villages, as both sides wait for reinforcements," the bishop warned, adding: "The area is now plagued by the most atrocious conditions of hunger after people lost everything and have nowhere to go but the bush at the peak of the rainy season."
The rebels opened fire on the general, his driver and an unknown number of bodyguards after the explosion halted the vehicle.
Colorado was declared dead at a clinic 30 minutes after the attack.
Joly had charged him on June 29, the day after deputies lifted his immunity in the French parliament.
The 1,300-metre (4,200-foot) wooden bridge with 59 arches, listed in the Guinness Book of Records, was reconstructed in 1947 after its destruction during World War II.
It will take place the day after Peres joins his Jordanian counterpart Abdel Salam Majali and US Secretary of State Warren Christopher in Jordan for trilateral talks.
Koirala, who has been assigned as caretaker premier by the king and is charged with organising the November polls, had resigned from the premiership on July 10 after losing a crucial parliamentary debate on his government's annual socio-economic programme.
Taylor claimed clashes broke out after Nigerian soldiers in the African peacekeeping force "provoked" his troops.
Rebels kill six as ambushes threaten to cut off Kenema  FREETOWN, July 19 (AFP)  Roads leading to the provincial town of Kenema are under virtual rebel siege after a series of ambushes in eastern Sierra Leone which left six dead, military sources in Freetown said Tuesday.
                    Italy-politics, new series                     600 words moved                     by Beatrice Bretonniere     KIGALI:         A new Rwandan coalition government is named                     under a president and prime minister of the                     Hutu majority after three and a half months                     of civil war, but frightened refugees continue                     to flee across the border into Zaire.
Mideast-US,3rdlead 600 moved by Hala Boncompagni HOUSTON, Texas:          Twenty-five years after Apollo 11's historic trip to the moon, Houston vividly remembers that Sunday, July 20, 1969 when the first astronaut placed his foot on the surface of the moon.
At the scene of the explosion, about 30 rescue workers appeared better organized early Tuesday than in the hectic hours immediately after the blast, keeping reporters and onlookers at a 50-meter (-yard) distance as they continued their search for survivors.
The team left Tel Aviv on an Israeli military plane after Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin telephoned Menem and pledged immediate cooperation.
The Brazilian champs arrived Tuesday after an exhausting final with Italy that ended with a 3-2 penalty shootout on Sunday.
The decision to withdraw the decree marked the first setback for Berlusconi, three months after his Forza Italia party rode a wave of populist support to sweep national elections.
The team of magistrates in Milan who had led the Clean Hands investigation threatened to resign after publication of the decree, claiming that holding suspects in jail for up to three months was vital in that it prevented them from fleeing the country or tampering with evidence.
Investigators have blamed the Iranian-backed Hezbollah but have not succeeded in arresting any suspects some 28 months after the attack.
The dollar dropped temporarily on profit-taking after it reached 1.5680 German marks but a second wave of buying pushed it back up, according to a European trader in New York.
The move came a day after the UN Security Council decided to keep UN sanctions on Iraq amid differences over progress Baghdad has made in cooperating with the United Nations in recent months.
Merrill Lynch was down 7/8 to 36-1/4 after posting a 27 percent drop in profits, and Citicorp lost 1-3/8 to 40-5/8 on news its brokerage operations saw 159 million dollars for the quarter against 572 million dollars for last year.
General Electric, which posted a 14 percent rise in profits, was up 7/8 to 48-3/4 and Pepsico was unchanged after announcing a moderate boost in its profits.
Castrated sex offender thanks surgeon  LONDON, July 19 (AFP)  A convicted sex offender who was castrated after campaigning for four years to undergo the operation, said Tuesday it had saved at least five children from being molested by him.
The man, who had a 40-year history of abusing children, was castrated last year after going on hunger strike and threatening to commit suicide in a four-year campaign to force the authorities to agree to his demand.
"Research shows that a lot of people are still sexually active after castration.
(new series) Abacha agrees to talks with opposition as riots spread by Ade Abisesan  LAGOS, July 19 (AFP)  Nigeria's military government has agreed to hold talks with an opposition coalition, after accepting all its conditions for such dialogue, an opposition spokesman said Tuesday.
Church calls for accountability in sinking of tug carrying fleeing Cubans  HAVANA, July 19 (AFP)  Cuba's Roman Catholic Church called Tuesday for an investigation into the sinking of a tugboat, which went down off Havana with about 70 people aboard after being intercepted by other tugs.
About 40 people were presumed drowned after the July 13 incident in which survivors said the boat sank after being doused with fire hoses and rammed by pursuing tugs.
The message implicitly challenged the official account of the sinking, which was that the overloaded tug capsized accidentally after colliding with a tug that was trying to bring it back to shore.
Macedonia key to regional stability: Perry  SKOPJE, July 19 (AFP)  Macedonia plays a crucial role in maintaining stability in the Balkan region, US Defense Secretary William Perry said Tuesday, after meeting the leaders of the former Yugoslav republic.
"We believe that Macedonia is in many ways key for the stability in the entire region," he told a press conference after discussing military cooperation with his Macedonian counterpart Vlado Popovski.
But there was still no indication of what what exactly was contained in the response, reached after two days of discussions by deputies in Pale, Bosnia-Hercegovina.
Earlier Bosnian Serb "Information Minister" Miroslav Toholj, waving a pink envelope in which the decision was contained, told reporters its contents would be made public in Geneva after it had been transmitted to the mediators.
"It is difficult to say if this decision is wise, but it simply reflects our caution after the bad experiences we have had with the international community," he said.
Christopher seeks ways of reviving Israeli-Syrian talks by Hala Boncompagni  DAMASCUS, July 20 (AFP)  US Secretary of State Warren Christopher prepared to leave for Jordan on Wednesday after "worthwhile" talks with President Hafez al-Assad on how to break the deadlock in Syria's peace talks with Israel.
"I feel even more strongly tonight that the two parties are very serious about what they're doing," Christopher told reporters after nearly three hours of talks with Assad.
Assad outlined to Christopher "ideas capable of securing a real progress in the peace process" after listening to points made by the US diplomat, Assad's spokesman, Jibran Kuriyeh, said after the second round of talks.
The secretary will have a final round of talks Friday with Rabin after meeting Assad and is to return to Washington, where King Hussein of Jordan and the Israeli prime minister will hold on Monday their first public meeting.
Monday's blast at Jewish Mutual Association building in central Buenos Aires came 28 months after the bomb attack on the Israeli embassy March 17, 1992, that killed 30 people and injured more than 200.
(WASHINGTON) Mack emphasized that the jury selected in the case must reflect the racial and ethnic makeup of the city, which was rocked by riots in 1992 after an all-white jury acquitted Los Angeles police officers in the videotaped beating of motorist Rodney King.
Mass memorial for Kim Il-Sung under way  SEOUL, July 20 (AFP)  North Korea's state-run media announced with unusual swiftness the start of a mass memorial rally for President Kim Il-Sung Wednesday, the day after his funeral.
Julie Kelley, 22, who police confirmed is 15 weeks pregnant after conceiving again in April, did not tell her parents or her boyfriend she had lost the child, said her father Eric Kelley, 60, cited in press reports.
The baby was reunited with her true parents Roger, 33 and Karen, 32, after being found on Saturday.
The three westerners -- who are now suspected to have been killed, after the discovery of human remains near the area where they were abducted on April 11 -- were travelling too late in the day, several expatriates said.
(AFP)     DAMASCUS: US Secretary of State Warren Christopher left for Jordan after  "worthwhile" talks with President Hafez al-Assad on how to break the deadlock  in Syria's peace talks with Israel.
There was no indication of the Serb's position reached  after two days of discussions by deputies in Pale, Bosnia-Hercegovina.
Bosnian  Serb Information Minister Miroslav Toholj, waving a pink envelope in which the  decision was contained, told reporters its contents would be made public in  Geneva after it had been transmitted to the mediators.
Hostage-taker gives up after 11 hour siege  BREST, France, July 20 (AFP)  A farmer who took three secretaries hostage after failing to detain a liquidator involved in his bankruptcy surrendered early Wednesday, ending an 11-hour siege by police, officials said.
The prosecutor's office said he was persuaded to surrender after talking to members of his family.
Miossec was expelled from his farm near Chateaulin, south of Brest, in 1992 after he went bankrupt.
The plane, which belonged to the Alas airline, burst into two pieces after taking off on a flight to Panama City from the Atlantic port of Colon, Civil Aeronautics director Sosimo Guardia said.
Petrochmicals export boom brings hope to South Korean industry by Judy Lee  SEOUL, July 20 (AFP)  South Korea's troubled petrochemicals industry is looking up after more than a decade in the doldrums thanks to a boom in export orders mostly from Asia.
Centre Jappie Mulder will make his test debut after playing just one tour match since arriving last week as a replacement for the injured Pieter Muller.
Captain Francois Pienaar predictably returns, after missing the first test because of concussion, in a loose forward combination that includes first test captain Tiaan Strauss and Adriaan Richter.
Loosehead prop Guy Kebble retains his place after coming on 20 minutes into the first test after Balie Swart was concussed.
Islanders revive pig killing ceremony after eight-year break (picture) by Patrick Decloitre  TANNA ISLAND, Vanuatu, July 20 (AFP)  About 3,000 villagers on this southern Vanuatu island are recovering after a three-day traditional binge of drinking, dancing, sexual taboo-breaking and pig killing.
A kidnapped film star from South Korea in the 1970s reported after her escape that Kim Jong-Il told her he had his agents seize her because he admired her performance.
A senior Western diplomat commented last week, when it became clear that Kim Jong-Il would take over after his father's death on July 8: "Let's just hope the stories aren't true ...
Kim Il-Sung started grooming Kim Jong-Il for the presidency in 1974 shortly after the elder Kim's brother -- who had been presumed heir- apparent -- dropped mysteriously out of center stage.
They said they agreed to delay the seminar after police appealed for it to be cancelled.
There had been some doubt the foreigners would be allowed into the conference after a police official said they would not be permitted to leave the guest house where they were staying.
Organizers had switched the venue at the last minute to an emergency home for women, run by social activists, after the state-run Chulalongkorn University and a central Bangkok hotel had declined to house the seminar.
Nasreen, 32, a doctor-turned-writer went into hiding last month after a court here issued an arrest warrant for allegedly outraging Moslem feelings by commenting on Islam's holy book, the Koran.
Soldiers in diesel-powered boats had moved nearly 2,000 people, mostly villagers, to safer ground after rescuing them from their homes in four of nine flooded states, newspapers reported.
The Press Trust of India news agency said the death toll from the floods lashing India had climbed to 560 after 27 people died overnight in the coastal state of Gujarat, the worst-hit, and neighbouring Madhya Pradesh.
Newspapers say the floods have displaced millions, left tens of thousands homeless after their mud-and-brick houses were destroyed, and caused widespread destruction to crops, roads, rail tracks and communications networks.
Japanese steelmakers to bypass Chinese agency after talks collapse  TOKYO, July 20 (AFP)  Japanese steeelmakers plan to export 5,000 tonnes of steel directly to two Chinese companies next month, bypassing the Chinese government agency that usually oversees shipments after bilateral talks collapse in June, a spokeswoman for Kawasaki Steel Corp.
Scores of others have been admitted to hospitals after suffering bouts of vomiting and severe diarrhoea, it said.
"I have looked for a job everywhere in Gaza," said Ali Zaed, 34, who lost his permit to enter Israel after a series of murders of civilians by Palestinians earlier in the year.
Tomoko Azuma, 25, from Kobe will join Japan's largest air carrier on August 1 after 28 months studying aviation at the college, a statement said.
"I believe the visit was a step towards better understanding," Goodlad told reporters as he stepped off a train from Guangzhou after a nine- day China tour that included Beijing.
Christopher off to Jordan  DAMASCUS, July 20 (AFP)  US Secretary of State Warren Christopher left for Jordan on Wednesday after pledging to return here in two days for more talks on how to revive Syria's peace talks with Israel.
Christopher was seen off at the airport by Syrian Foreign Minister Faruq al-Shara after nearly five hours of talks on Tuesday with President Hafez al-Assad, which he described as "useful (and) very worthwhile.
"We're discussing the fundamental aspects of how the parties might seek peace together," the secretary told reporters late Tuesday after two rounds of talks with Assad.
Christopher returns to Damascus on Friday after meeting PLO chairman Yasser Arafat in Gaza on Thursday.
Foreign Trade Minister Wu, in her Tuesday meeting with Garten, slammed US calls for China's immediate elimination of local sourcing requirements for foreign-funded enterprises after its reentry to GATT, saying this was "irrational," Xinhua reported.
He was reported in fair condition after his 31-hour ordeal.
The team left Tel Aviv on an Israeli military plane after Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin telephoned Menem and pledged immediate cooperation.
Interbank dealers showed little interest in taking long positions in the US currency after squaring short positions earlier in the day, dealers said.
"Normally, to hunt a tree kangaroo you have chase it with a dog, climb up after it and try to knock it off with a stick, even then they can leap into another tree and disappear.
Early Wednesday there was still no indication of what exactly was contained in the response of the Bosnian Serb "parliament," reached after two days of discussions by deputies in Pale, just outside Sarajevo.
Christopher arrives in Jordan  AMMAN, July 20 (AFP)  US Secretary of State Warren Christopher arrived here Wednesday for an unprecedented Jordan-Israel foreign ministers meeting after a trip to Damascus where he tried to break the Syrian-Israeli deadlock.
Christopher returns to Damascus on Friday after meeting PLO chairman Yasser Arafat in Gaza on Thursday.
The Brazilian champs arrived Tuesday at Recife after an exhausting final with Italy that ended with a 3-2 penalty shootout Sunday.
The financial rand for non-resident investors opened stronger at 4.52/53 to the dollar after closing Tuesday at 4.53/54.
Gold opened at 386.75/387.25 dollars an ounce, after closing at 386.85/387.35 in New York Tuesday.
The US secretary of state returns to Damascus on Friday after meeting PLO chairman Yasser Arafat in Gaza on Thursday.
Israel annexed East Jerusalem after capturing it in the 1967 Middle East war and refuses to allow senior Palestinians to visit the city without permission.
Lukashenko gave a five-minute speech in Russian after taking the three-sentence oath in Belarussian.
France, the second largest aid-donor to Vietnam after Japan, allotted the developing country 250 million francs (48 million dollars) in 1993.
Major to reshuffle his cabinet on Wednesday  LONDON, July 20 (AFP)  British Prime Minister John Major was to reshuffle his cabinet Wednesday, his office said, a move he had promised after his Conservative Party's drubbing in last month's European Parliament elections.
Talks on Russian troop withdrawal from Estonia resume  HELSINKI, July 20 (AFP)  Russian and Estonian negotiators pressed on with talks on a Russian troop withdrawal from Estonia early Wednesday after holding difficult discussions late into the night, the Finnish Foreign Ministry said.
Mitterrand, 77, who retires after 14 years in power next May, set the agenda for the cabinet meeting, in line with article 21 of the constitution.
Another member of the surgical team, Adolphe Steg, had said after Mitterrand's operation Monday the president would be out of hospital by this Wednesday.
North Korea has pledged to resume the talks after Kim's funeral Tuesday.
Christopher's visit comes a few days after violent clashes broke out between Palestinian workers and Israeli soldiers at the Erez crossing point, killing two Palestinians and wounding dozens on both sides.
Prime Minister Edouard Balladur, who chaired a weekly cabinet meeting, said the government "demands the immediate return of the ship, the Gabrielle," government spokesman Nicolas Sarkozy reported after the meeting.
Balladur, who was replacing President Francois Mitterrand convalescing after a prostate cancer operation, said the fishing dispute with Spain was "extremely important" and "no one should doubt the governmment's will" to get the ship back and "win compensation for damage caused."
Yeltsin back to work after nursing his cold  MOSCOW, July 20 (AFP)  Russian President Boris Yeltsin returned to work Wednesday at the Kremlin after taking a four-day leave to nurse a cold, his office announced.
Picture                     by Philippe Debeusscher     ROME:           Four Milan examining magistrates take up                     their anti-corruption campaign after                     forcing Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi                     to beat a retreat on a controversial                     decree restricting their detention powers.
Japan's power demand recovers with economic upturn  TOKYO July 20 (AFP)  Japanese industrial demand for electricity rose in June after 11 months of decline in another sign that the economy is starting to recover, the Federation of Electric Companies said on Wednesday.
Toyota's exports declined after a rebound in the same period last year, while Nissan suffered the second consecutive drop in first-half exports.
Toyota's exports declined after a rebound in the same period last year, while Nissan suffered the second consecutive drop in first-half exports.
Opposition lawmaker Kim Won-Ki quoted Sutherland as saying that the rule might hold good even after the WTO's official launch in January.
The completion of the Paris Club rescheduling came after the Philippines had sealed a credit programme of 684 million dollars with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) last June.
Strikers vow to continue as opposition spreads by Ade Obisesan  LAGOS, July 20 (AFP)  Oil workers vowed Wednesday to press on with a two-week old pro- democracy strike as police reinforced security in Lagos after violent street riots in which at least 20 persons were reported killed and scores injured.
Police have denied any deaths from the disturbances on Monday and Tuesday after protestors clashed with police as they were demanding the release of Abiola.
Delvaux's career as an artist began as a painter of portraits and land- and seascapes, a style he abandoned in favor of surrealism after visting France and Italy where he was impressed by the works of Giorgio De Chirico and Rene Magritte, a fellow Belgian.
Before the listing, the 10 percent in Metropolitan Life will be increased to 30 percent after Sankorp, original owners of the life assurer, agreed to sell another 20 percent of the company.
Karadzic due to give answer on Bosnian partition plan by Philippe Debeusscher  GENEVA, July 20 (AFP)  Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic was to reveal his "parliament's" answer to a partition plan on Bosnia here Wednesday, after the Croat- Moslem federation accepted the scheme which they called "morally questionable."
Life without war is a distant memory for older Mozambicans, just a dream for the younger inhabitants of this vast south-east African country who have known nothing but war for three decades -- first against Portuguese colonialism and then civil conflict fuelled partly by the Cold War and regional racial policies after independence in 1975.
Most of the rest died at the front after being forced to serve in penal battalions, or in prison, labour camps or concentration camps.
Detainee Montassir Husseini Ramadan, 21, seemed to have been forgotten after being held for about 18 months on suspicion of being a member of the militant Moslem groups, both lawyers said.
Fathi said at least one prisoner confessed to murder in the name of Islam before being sentenced to death after a trial.
Balladur, chairing a weekly cabinet meeting, said France "demands the immediate return of the ship, the Gabrielle," government spokesman Nicolas Sarkozy told reporters after the meeting.
Balladur, who was replacing President Francois Mitterrand convalescing after a prostate cancer operation, said the dispute with Spain was "extremely important" and "no one should doubt the governmment's will" to get the ship back "as soon as possible and win compensation for damage caused."
Speaking after the cabinet meeting, Puech said France would take measures to allow its fishermen "to work freely and in peace."
South Korea had held the documents back from the public to avoid provoking North Korea's anger after the two Koreas agreed to hold a first-ever inter-Korean summit between Kim Young-Sam and Kim Il-Sung.
Milan anti-corruption judges resume campaign by Jean-Louis de la Vaissiere  ROME, July 20 (AFP)  Milan's four leading anti-corruption judges resumed their activities Wednesday after forcing Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to beat a retreat on a controversial decree limiting their detention powers.
The examining magistrates, headed by Judge Antonio Di Pietro, had threatened to resign last Thursday after the government announced the decree lifting pretrial custody against bribery suspects, a move that allowed some 1,000 politicians and business leaders awaiting trial to be released from prison.
The measure plunged the country into crisis and proved a humiliating political setback for Berlusconi just three months after his rightist Forza Italia party swept general elections.
But on Tuesday their satisfaction was obvious in the courthouse after Berlusconi backed down and withdrew the decree saying that a new law would be drawn up and submitted for approval by parliament.
Israel annexed East Jerusalem after capturing it in the 1967 Middle East war and refuses to allow senior Palestinians to visit the city without permission.
Jeremy Hanley, 48-year-old number three in the Ministry of Defence, was moved up to the powerful post of Conservative Party chairman, replacing Norman Fowler, who resigned after dismal Tory showings in elections earlier this year.
Syrian-Israeli bilateral talks were suspended after the February 25 Hebron massacre and both sides are still divided over conditions for an Israeli withdrawal from the strategic Golan Heights.
The land needs it," Peres said after arriving at this Dead Sea Hotel by Israeli army helicopter.
Capital spending is "likely" to stop falling in the second half of the next fiscal year ending in March 1995 although it is "not likely to start increasing until after the year," the official said.
In contrast to the central bank's improved outlook, the Economic Planning Agency has become more cautious, striking the term "bottoming out" from its lexicon after its director general falsely declared an imminent recovery last year.
Delvaux began his career as an artist painting portraits and land- and seascapes, a style he abandoned in his 40s for surrealism after visiting France and Italy where he was impressed by the works of Giorgio De Chirico and fellow Belgian Rene Magritte, who died in 1967.
In 1952, he married Anne-Marie, nicknamed "Tam", his childhood sweetheart, after a 20-year separation forced by her parents who were not impressed with his career as an artist.
He divorced another women to marry "Tam" after they met up again in 1948.
The lockout came after management and the labour union had failed to narrow differences on wage increases, severance pay and the reinstatement of workers dismissed for leading illegal strikes -- despite 65 rounds of talks.
In a meeting in Washington which began on Monday on a variety of tariffs and non-tariff barriers, Taiwan officials had also agreed to reduce the adaptability period for farm products from five years to three years after the Taiwanese farm market is opened, the paper said.
Kim Jong-Il has rare meeting with westerner  TOKYO, July 20 (AFP)  North Korea's Kim Jong-Il had a rare meeting with a westerner on Wednesday, a day after the funeral of his dictator father Kim Il Sung, a Pyongyang report said.
Japan, Canada urge Pyongyang to resume U.S., South Korean talks  TOKYO, July 20 (AFP)  North Korea should renew talks with the United States and go ahead with an inter-Korean summit, foreign ministers from Japan and Canada agreed at a meeting here Wednesday, a day after the funeral of North Korean leader Kim Il Sung, one of the world's last communist dictators.
Chi said seven men have already reported being infected with the HIV virus after having sex with Sun.
URGENT  GENEVA, July 20 (AFP)  A US C-141 cargo plane was hit by machine-gun fire shortly after take- off at Sarajevo airport on Wednesday, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees said.
Prime Minister Faustin Twagiramungu, a member of the Hutu ethnic group, chaired the first cabinet meeting 24 hours after the "government of national unity" took office.
US housing starts down 9.8 percent in June  WASHINGTON, July 20 (AFP)  Housing starts in the United States dropped 9.8 percent in June after a revised 1.8 percent rise in May, the Commerce Department said in Wednesday.
Churkin told a news conference after talks with an Estonian delegation here that "some minor things were cleared up, but the meeting fell short of expectations."
A Belgian couple -- Michel Barran and Natalie Roobaert -- went missing in late May after they were believed to have visited Cambodia's Preah Vihear temple from the Thai side of the border.
Wednesday's airdrop came just days after the discovery of human remains believed to be that of three westerners abducted by the Khmer Rouge near the southern port town of Sihanoukville April 11.
"I believe the visit was a step towards better understanding," Goodlad told reporters as he stepped off a train from Guangzhou after a nine- day China tour that included Beijing.
The goalless second leg ended in controversy as Galatasaray went through on away goals, and United's French ace Eric Cantona was assaulted by a policeman  when he was sent off after the final whistle.
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Vitaly Churkin told a news conference after talks with an Estonian delegation here since Tuesday that "some minor things were cleared up, but the meeting fell short of expectations."
Three Colombians held in Hong Kong cocaine case  HONG KONG, July 20 (AFP)  Three Colombians are being held in Hong Kong after 2.2 kilograms (4.85 pounds) of cocaine were discovered at the airport, customs officers said Wednesday.
But they had not been expected to attend the conference after a police official said the activists would not be allowed to leave the guest house where they were staying.
Bullet pierces US plane, Sarajevo UN aid flights suspended  GENEVA, July 20 (AFP)  A US C-141 cargo plane was hit by machine-gun fire shortly after take- off from Sarajevo airport early Wednesday afternoon, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) said here.
First trial in Romania for foreign couple accused of illegal adoption  BUCHAREST, July 20 (AFP)  A British couple will be the first foreigners to face trial on charges of illegal adoption in Romania, court officials said Wednesday, a day after the couple were released on bail here.
The Mooneys, detained July 6 when police found them at the Romanian border with a baby hidden in the back of their car, will be the first foreigners to face trial for illegal adoption since international adoption was liberalised in Romania after the fall of the Communist regime in December, 1989.
He told journalists after a meeting of the US-Jordan-Israel trilateral economic committee that the three countries had agreed a series of draft accords to boost tourism and develop the Jordan Valley.
Ex-leader pledges to work for unity after property vandalised  LAGOS, July 20 (AFP)  Former Nigerian head of state Olusegun Obasanjo pledged to redouble his efforts to secure a solution to Nigeria's political crisis Wednesday after rioters vandalised his property.
(AFP)     GENEVA: A US C-141 cargo plane was hit by machine-gun fire shortly after  take-off at Sarajevo airport, the UN High Commissioner for Refugees said.
 (AFP)     LAGOS: Oil workers vowed to press on with a two-week-old pro-democracy  strike as police reinforced security in Lagos after violent street riots in  which at least 20 persons were reported killed and scores injured.
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Vitaly Churkin told a news  conference after talks with an Estonian delegation here since Tuesday that  "some minor things were cleared up, but the meeting fell short of  expectations."
The Dow Jones index of 30 blue chips was down 7.77 points at 3,740.54 at 25 minutes after the opening bell on the New York Stock Exchange.
Richards won't join Western Province  JOHANNESBURG, July 20 (AFP)  Former West Indies cricket captain Viv Richards won't be playing after all for leading South African side Western Province.
Julie Halard recovered after a shaky start to beat Silvia Farina 2-6, 6-4, 6-2 and Mary Pierce crushed experienced Sandra Cecchini 6-0, 6-3.
HINA said that three civilians were arrested after the incident.
Spanish fishermen release French boat  MADRID, July 20 (AFP)  Spanish fishermen on Wednesday released a French tuna boat they seized in a high seas battle after French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur stepped in to demand the vessel's immediate return.
In Paris, Balladur, standing in for ailing President Francois Mitterrand at the regular weekly cabinet meeting, demanded the immediate return of the Gabrielle and compensation for damage to several fishing boats after a high seas clash last Saturday.
Speaking after the cabinet meeting French Fisheries Minister Jean Puech warned France would take "measures" to allow its fishermen "to work freely and in peace."
(releasable Wednesday 2200 GMT) West German growth to near 2.5 percent in 1995: HWWA institute  HAMBURG, Germany, July 20 (AFP)  Western German economic output should grow by around 2.5 percent in 1995 after rising by 1.5 percent this year, the HWWA economic institute said.
Kathy Johnson converted a penalty stroke in the third minute after Tammy Miller had been fouled, and Miller made it 2-0 eight minutes later when she netted the rebound from Jane Sixsmith's shot.
He spoke after a brief meeting with the negotiators.
Karadzic and his group returned to the Serb mission here after the meeting with negotiators, leaving the contact group to analyse the Serb response to see if it were acceptable or justified new sanctions.
Wijetunga falls off stage during rally  COLOMBO, July 20 (AFP)  President Dingiri Banda Wijetunga escaped unhurt Wednesday after falling off a stage that collapsed during a political rally in southeast Sri Lanka, a top presidential aide said.
Security forces carried Wijetunga to a nearby building after the stage broke just before he was to address a crowd of about 20,000 people that had assembled in Kolonne for the election rally.
Wijetunga, 72, did not appear shaken when he spoke to a small group of villagers shortly after the incident, witnesses said.
URGENT  SIDON, Lebanon, July 20 (AFP)  Israeli aircraft raided Iranian-backed Hezbollah bases in Lebanon on Wednesday, security sources said after Israel blamed the guerrilla group for a deadly bombing in Argentina.
Swedish trade surplus at 7.8 billion kroner in June  STOCKHOLM, July 20 (AFP)  Sweden registered a trade surplus of 7.8 billion kroner (around one billion dollars) in June, after a surplus of 5.5 billion kroner in May, the national statistics office said Wednesday.
Spain's Miguel Indurain kept the race leader's yellow jersey after the 92 mile stint.
"We can no longer organise ceremonies, they will just lead to tears," Jean-Baptiste Mudakikwa said just after burying his mother, dead from dysentery.
Israeli aircraft raid Hezbollah bases  SIDON, Lebanon, July 20 (AFP)  Israeli aircraft raided Hezbollah bases in south Lebanon on Wednesday, security sources said after Israel blamed the guerrilla group for bombing a Jewish charity in Argentina.
The meeting began with a series of grand speeches after Peres took a 10-minute helicopter ride from Jerusalem.
Matthaus and Vogts in row  MUNICH, Germany, July 20 (AFP)  German World Cup captain Lothar Matthaus plans to quit the national team after a row with manager Berti Vogts.
"The comments you read at the moment were made almost immediately after the elimination.
"It is the worst crisis ever," said Jacques de Milliano after visiting refugee camps.
The women turned up, with children or in groups, after sports authorities waived the ban introduced in moves to segregate the sexes according to Islamic principles.
Wanted writer must appear in court before leaving Bangladesh  DHAKA, July 20 (AFP)  Fugitive writer Taslima Nasreen will only be allowed to leave Bangladesh after facing justice, a minister said Wednesday rejecting European appeals to guarantee her safe passage out of the country.
Nasreen went underground after an arrest warrant was issued over newspaper comments, which she denies making, calling for Islam's holy book, the Koran, to be revised.
Nasreen "is at liberty to go abroad like any other Bangladeshi, after facing the court," Mia added.
The newly reshuffled British government  LONDON, July 20 (AFP)  This is the official list of the British government after Wednesday's reshuffle by Prime Minister John Major: Lord Chancellor (justice minister): James Mackay (unchanged) Foreign Secretary: Douglas Hurd (unchanged) Chancellor of the Exchequer: Kenneth Clarke (unchanged) Interior Secretary: Michael Howard (unchanged) Secretary of Commerce and Industry: Michael Heseltine (unchanged) Defense Secretary: Malcolm Rifkind (unchanged) House of Commons Leader: Tony Newton (unchanged) Environment Secretary: John Gummer (unchanged) Secretary of the Duchy of Lancaster: David Hunt (formerly employment secretary) Social Security Minister: Peter Lilley (unchanged) Agriculture Secretary William Waldegrave (formerly Secretary of the Duchy of Lancaster) Scottish Secretary: Ian Lang (unchanged) Northern Ireland Secretary: Patrick Mayhew (unchanged) Health Secretary: Virginia Bottomley (unchanged) Education Secretary: Gillian Shephard (formerly agriculture secretary) Employment Secretary: Michael Portillo (former treasury minister) Welsh Secretary: John Redwood (unchanged) Transport Secretary: Brian Mawhinney (new entry) National Heritage Secretary: Stephen Dorrell (new entry) Leader of the House of Lords: Lord Cranborne (new entry) Treasury Minister: Jonathan Aitken (new entry) Conservative Party Leader and secretary without portfolio: Jeremy Hanley (new entry).
(changing dateline) US cargo plane hit by ground fire, UN aid flights suspended  SARAJEVO, July 20 (AFP)  The United Nations suspended humanitarian flights into Sarajevo on Wednesday after a US C-141 cargo plane was hit by machine-gun fire when coming in to land around lunchtime, a UN Protection Force spokesman said.
In Geneva earlier a UNHCR spokesman had said the plane was hit shortly after taking off.
In Split, after a more detailed check, a bullet hole was found in the tail ramp of the plane and further flights into Sarajevo were suspended.
Speaking at the German Resistance Memorial in Berlin, sited where several plotters were executed just hours after their bid failed, he told dignitaries that the event marked "the culminating point" of resistance to Hitler "by men and women of diverse political persuasions."
Queen Mother, heads of state, welcome South Africa back to Commonwealth  LONDON, July 20 (AFP)  South Africa, which recently re-entered the Commonwealth after a 33-year absence, Wednesday was warmly welcomed back in a "thanksgiving" ceremony attended by the Queen Mother and a host of diplomats.
Ships were operated by overseas Chinese in Taipei, Hong Kong, Bangkok and Singapore, Ellen said after a two-day international piracy conference.
He spoke after a brief meeting with the negotiators.
The scheme would give 51 percent of Bosnian territory to the Croat- Moslem federation and 49 percent to the Serbs, who now control 70 percent on the ground after 27 months of the worst fighting in Europe since World War II.
Karadzic and his group returned to the Serb mission here after the meeting with negotiators, leaving the contact group to analyse the Serb response to see if it was acceptable or justified new sanctions as called for by the peace plan.
The sources, commenting after a Bosnian Serb delegation met officials from the contact group of nations that drafted the blueprint, said the self-styled Bosnian Serb parliament had been unable to accept or reject the plan and had mandated Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic to continue negotiations.
And Clinton began a meeting with congressional leaders at the White House Wednesday saying, "I'm sorry that after all my skills and efforts at communicating, the point I really made yesterday somehow didn't get through."
Israeli aircraft raid Hezbollah bases  SIDON, Lebanon, July 20 (AFP)  Israeli warplanes launched two simultaneous raids on Hezbollah bases in south Lebanon on Wednesday, security sources said after Israel blamed the group for bombing a Jewish charity in Argentina.
And, after nearly nine years in power, the Liberals are being blamed by voters for many of the province's economic woes, including an unemployment rate of 11.8 percent.
Spain's Miguel Indurain kept the race leader's yellow jersey after the 92 mile stint.
The trio led by over a minute after going over the top while Indurain was busy handing out a few lesson behind.
In February, Bosnian Serb forces withdrew their heavy weapons from around the Bosnian capital after a NATO air strikes ultimatum.
The scheme would give 51 percent of Bosnian territory to the federation and 49 percent to the Serbs, who now control around 70 percent on the ground after 27 months of fighting.
The source commented after a Bosnian Serb delegation met officials from the contact group of nations that drafted the blueprint, based on a near-even partition of land between the Serbs and the new Croat- Moslem federation.
Another 20 people were injured when the mosque collapsed during midday prayers Tuesday after columns supporting a cement roof gave way, the reports said.
Aden still suffering water shortage two weeks after war  ADEN, Yemen, July 20 (AFP)  Residents of Aden are still suffering from a lack of water two weeks after the end of the Yemeni civil war and despite repairs to damaged installations, aid workers said Wednesday.
It is likely that the 38-year-old star, who had wanted to be artificially inseminated by an anonymous sperm "bank" donor, had second thoughts after learning of the doctor's opposition to lesbians having children.
Christopher held "useful and very worthwhile" talks in Damascus on Tuesday with Syrian President Hafez al-Assad after meeting with Rabin on Monday.
The secretary returns to Syria on Friday after first visiting Israel again on Thursday.
"We're discussing the fundamental aspects of how the parties might seek peace together," the secretary said after meeting Assad twice.
The source commented after a Bosnian Serb delegation met officials from the contact group of nations that drafted the blueprint, based on a near-even partition of land between the Serbs and the new Croat- Moslem federation.
The scheme would give 51 percent of Bosnian territory to the Croat- Moslem federation and 49 percent to the Serbs, who now control 70 percent on the ground after 27 months of the worst fighting in Europe since World War II.
The newly reshuffled British government  LONDON, July 20 (AFP)  This is the official list of the British government after Wednesday's reshuffle by Prime Minister John Major: Lord Chancellor (justice minister): James Mackay (unchanged) Foreign Secretary: Douglas Hurd (unchanged) Chancellor of the Exchequer: Kenneth Clarke (unchanged) Interior Secretary: Michael Howard (unchanged) Secretary of Commerce and Industry: Michael Heseltine (unchanged) Defense Secretary: Malcolm Rifkind (unchanged) House of Commons Leader: Tony Newton (unchanged) Environment Secretary: John Gummer (unchanged) Secretary of the Duchy of Lancaster: David Hunt (formerly employment secretary) Social Security Minister: Peter Lilley (unchanged) Agriculture Secretary William Waldegrave (formerly Secretary of the Duchy of Lancaster) Scottish Secretary: Ian Lang (unchanged) Northern Ireland Secretary: Patrick Mayhew (unchanged) Health Secretary: Virginia Bottomley (unchanged) Education Secretary: Gillian Shephard (formerly agriculture secretary) Employment Secretary: Michael Portillo (former treasury minister) Welsh Secretary: John Redwood (unchanged) Transport Secretary: Brian Mawhinney (new entry) National Heritage Secretary: Stephen Dorrell (new entry) Leader of the House of Lords: Lord Cranborne (new entry) Treasury Minister: Jonathan Aitken (new entry) Conservative Party chairman and secretary without portfolio: Jeremy Hanley (new entry).
Austin calls it quits for good  MAHWAH, New Jersey, July 20 (AFP)  Tracy Austin's second comeback bid has ended after less than two years with a tearful farewell to tournament tennis.
Austin, 31, unexpectedly announced her retirement after pulling out of a first round match here against Manuela Maleeva-Fragniere because of a nagging groin muscle injury.
At the end of the Kaduna meeting, the organisation agreed to "suspend" strike action by its members in the light of the "imminent release of political detainees," the The congress said after the meeting with Abacha that Abiola's release was "not an end to the problem" in itself, stressing that it should take further approprite steps in finding solutions that would guarantee peace, justice and stability in the country, the radio said.
South Africa, who returned to the event in 1992 after a 13-year absence, caused a surprise by beating seventh seeds Netherlands 2-1.
But Joanette Kruger levelled the match score with a 6-4, 6-0 victory over jaded Brenda Schultz who looked match weary after six months without a break.
South Africa's next opponents will be hosts Germany who are playing without world number-one Steffi Graf who is resting from tennis after her shock first round defeat at Wimbledon.
European shares slip back after Greenspan rate warning  LONDON, July 20 (AFP)  Share prices slipped back in trading on the European stock exchanges Wednesday after warnings of a possible rise in British and US interest rates.
The market picked up midday following a rise on the futures market but fell back again late in the day after US Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan warned US rates could rise.
In Paris, shares fell back on profit-taking after rising Monday and Tuesday.
Moulinex rose 10.56 percent after it announced details on a rights issue.
The limited reshuffle, which Major had promised after his party's dismal showing in last month's European Parliament elections, dropped four ministers from the cabinet but left the primary portfolios of foreign affairs, home affairs, defence and chancellor of the exchequer untouched.
Exacerbating their outlook was the almost certain choice Thursday of Tony Blair, a popular and dynamic 41-year-old lawyer, as leader of the opposition Labour Party, which polls show ready to retake power after 15 years of Tory rule.
The other newcomer to the cabinet was Jonathan Aitken, who replaced Portillo as Treasury Chief Secretary after a stint at the Defence Ministry.
URGENT  PARIS, July 20 (AFP)  The French navy Wednesday intercepted a Spanish trawler and diverted it to a military port after inspectors that boarded it found fish too small to be caught under EU regulations, the agriculture and fisheries ministry said.
(new series) Peres says peace with Jordan is a reality  JERUSALEM, July 20 (AFP)  Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres returned to Israel on Wednesday after becoming the first Israeli leader to enter Jordan officially, saying peace between the former enemies was a reality.
Meanwhile, Israeli army units guarding the Jewish settlement of Netzarim called in Palestinian police after they received warnings of a "march on the settlement," Jebali said.
Israel sealed off Gaza after Sunday's violent riots at the Erez checkpoint between Palestinian workers and Israeli soldiers killed two Palestinians and wounded dozens on both sides.
French navy intercepts Spanish trawler  PARIS, July 20 (AFP)  The French navy Wednesday seized a Spanish trawler and diverted it to a military port after inspectors that boarded it found fish too small to be caught under EU regulations, the agriculture and fisheries ministry said.
The development came just hours after the two countries had settled an angry dispute stemming from Spanish fishermen's seizure over the weekend of a French trawler which they said was using illegal nets.
(picture) Nepalese army put on alert as 292 people arrested in strike  KATHMANDU, July 20 (AFP)  The Nepalese government put the army on alert Wednesday after police arrested 292 people as troubles erupted during a one day strike called by communists, a Home Ministry source said.
Army patrols combed the capital after caretaker Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala's administration called the alert as unrest during the dawn to dusk protest intensified.
Eight people suffered head injuries during clashes after police baton- charged protesters, while about 25 government vehicles were destroyed, sources said.
The average interest rate on the bellwether 30-year Treasury bond was up to 7.53 percent shortly after 1 p.m. (1700 GMT), from 7.46 percent late Tuesday.
The ruler at the time, General Ibrahim Babangida, resigned in August of last year after installing an unelected civilian administration.
He departed for a doctor's office shortly after the loss.
Malaysia, in contrast, had an easy outing against Singapore to clinch their second victory in the tournament after Tuesday's 88-72 win over Hong Kong.
Africa back to Commonwealth  LONDON, July 20 (AFP)  South Africa, which recently rejoined the Commonwealth after a 33-year absence, got a formal, royal welcome back on Wednesday.
Hezbollah threatened to attack Israeli interests around the world in early June after 35 people were killed in an attack on one of its training camps close to the border with Syria.
Police said Moslem guerrillas killed Ousterley after the American aroused their suspicion by photographing parts of Srinagar, urban hub of a bloody Moslem separatist campaign raging in Indian-administered Kashmir.
The source commented after a Bosnian Serb delegation met contact group officials, adding that another meeting between the two sides was under way late Wednesday.
The scheme would give 51 percent of Bosnian territory to the Croat- Moslem federation and 49 percent to the Serbs, who now control 70 percent on the ground after 27 months of war.
Dollar drops after Greenspan hints at rate rise  LONDON, July 20 (AFP)  The dollar fell in Europe Wednesday following US Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan's warning to Congress that US interest rates might have to rise.
In Paris, the dollar and the bond market both slipped back after Greenspan's address to Congress.
Boutros-Ghali said that whatever configuration the UN force would assume, its priority would be ensuring the safety of UN personnel and relief workers, above all after Monday's ambush of troops by Somalians.
(new series) Franco-Spanish fish war drags on as new trawler seized  PARIS, July 20 (AFP)  The Paris-Madrid "fish war" dragged on Wednesday as the French navy seized a Spanish trawler over a suspicious cargo hours after an identical dispute between the two countries was settled.
Spanish fishermen on Wednesday released a French tuna boat they seized in a high seas battle over alleged use of illegal nets after French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur stepped in to demand the vessel's immediate return.
But hours later France's agriculture and fisheries ministry announced its navy had seized a Spanish trawler and diverted it to a military port after inspectors that boarded it found fish too small to be caught under EU regulations.
In Paris, Balladur demanded the immediate return of the Gabrielle and compensation for damage to several fishing boats after a high seas clash last Saturday.
HINA said that three civilians were arrested after the incident.
The Honda ace remained outwardly cautious after last Sunday's triumph, saying: "There are still 100 points out there to be won."
Bhutto became effective head of the party after a 1977 military coup toppled the government of Ali Bhutto, who was executed two years later on a murder conspiracy charge.
Murtaza, who faces charges of sabotage and sedition in cases registered against him during previous governments, was arrested on return home in November after 16 years of self-exile, but was released on bail last month.
Military resumes operation to rescue priest after new talks collapse  MANILA, July 20 (AFP)  Military operations to rescue a Roman Catholic priest from Moslem extremists resumed Wednesday in the southern Philippines after a second round of negotiations collapsed, the armed forces chief said.
Enrile said that a local mayor who headed the negotiations for the freedom of Father Cirilo Nacorda informed him by telephone late Tuesday that the talks bogged down after the kidnappers insisted on a ransom of three million pesos (111,000 dollars).
A large-scale military offensive was halted last Sunday to pave the way for new negotiations after the kidnappers allowed a select group of journalists to interview the priest in their jungle camp.
The first round of talks led by Basilan Governor Gerry Salapuddin also ended in failure last month after the government and church leaders rejected the ransom demand.
Fifteen of the hostages were massacred immediately and 20 were freed later after ransom was paid.
The army, which has a division, or some 60,000 troops, on Kashmir's borders with Pakistan, was called in after a Kashmiri Moslem separatist group placed Amarnath out of bounds to Hindus.
The Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF), comprised of minority Tutsis, formed a new government this week after defeating the forces of the former Hutu-led administration.
Belle was suspended for 10 days on Monday after umpires confiscated his bat during Friday night's game in Chicago.
White Sox manager Gene Lamont said he asked officials to check Belle's bat after watching videos of Belle hitting, but most observers believe he was tipped off by a player.
The sanctions were automatically kept in place on Monday after the 15 members of the Security Council failed to reach a unanimous decision on whether they should be lifted.
The sanctions were imposed on Iraq after it invaded neighbouring Kuwait in August 1990.
US Congressman Bill Richardson said after briefing Clinton on his meetings in Haiti with army chief General Raoul Cedras that the military leaders were more flexible than reported and that an invasion would be a mistake.
Pyongyang promised to resume the talks with the United States after the mourning period for its long-time leader Kim Il-Sung, who died on July 8.
The House of Representatives approved funding for the international space station after contentious debate this year.
"The explosion was a very quick one which brightened very quickly but which faded after 10 minutes or so," said Sekiguchi, who recorded the event on a giant infrared camera attached to a telescope at the South African Astronomical Observatory in the Cape Province desert.
Gunnell's flat out triumph  GATESHEAD, England, July 20 (AFP)  World and Olympic 400 metre hurdles champion Sally Gunnell went flat out to rediscover her form here on Wednesday, 48 hours after her surprise defeat by American Kim Batten in Nice.
Rowland, 31, was told by doctors he would never run again at international level after four achilles tendon operations.
Matthew Yates, sixth in last year's world 1,500 metres final, is sweating over his place after missing the match because his plane was grounded at Stansted Airport near London.
Barcelona Olympic finalist Tony Jarrett slipped to third in the sprint hurdles behind Americans Robert Reading and Allen Johnsom after having his shoulder clipped.
Missiles were thrown at the embassy and the police, but after the arrests, the protest continued peacefully, said a Scotland Yard spokesman.
The slumping Swede needed the break after falling from third to seventh in the world tennis rankings.
Santer was chosen at an emergency EU meeting in Brussels last week after Britain vetoed Dehaene at the EU summit last month in Greece.
Army placed on alert as Colombian rebels launch offensive by Andre Birukoff  BOGOTA, July 19 (AFP)  The army was placed on maximum alert Wednesday after leftist rebels launched an offensive that led to clashes on the outskirts of the capital and killed four policemen and a civilian, authorities said.
Outgoing President Cesar Gaviria placed the army on alert after four guerrilla attacks in the night within a few kilometers (miles) of the capital.
Also Tuesday, two members of the security forces were wounded after an attack by gunfire and explosives in southern Bogota, officials said.
Iran cut its ties with Egypt in 1979, after it signed a peace treaty with Israel, and gave refuge to Iran's deposed shah.
A slight easing of tensions appeared after the meeting.
He testified in the preliminary hearing that he found the bloody glove -- the prosecution's strongest piece of evidence -- after scaling the walls of Simpson's estate without a search warrant.
Aden's water gradually restored two weeks after war  ADEN, Yemen, July 20 (AFP)  Water engineers restored supplies to several central areas of Aden late Wednesday, although residents said it was just trickling out of their taps.
Aid workers said earlier that the city was still suffering from a lack of water two weeks after the end of the Yemeni civil war and despite repairs to damaged installations.
Dow closes 21.04 points lower  NEW YORK, July 20 (AFP)  Blue-chip share prices on Wall Street closed lower Wednesday after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan warned Congress about a possible inflationary surge.
Johnson and Johnson was up 1-1/8 to 44-5/8 after announcing a 12.9 percent increase in its profits.
"I was very disappointed," South African Astronomical Observatory (SAAO) scientist Patricia Whitelock told AFP after the collision at around 2020 GMT.
"The explosion was a very quick one which brightened very quickly but which faded after 10 minutes or so," said Sekiguchi, who recorded the event on a giant infrared camera attached to a 0.75m telescope here.
SAAO spokesman David Laney, however, was upbeat after British astronomer Doug Whittett, observing through Sutherland's 1.9m telescope, recorded ripples of light at the time of impact.
Number of illegal drug users slightly up  WASHINGTON, July 20 (AFP)  The number of illegal drug users in the United States was virtually unchanged last year after dropping for 13 consecutive years, the government said Wednesday.
Israel asks for increased security for Jews after plane crash  PANAMA CITY, July 20 (AFP)  Israel's ambassador asked Wednesday for increased security for Panama's Jewish community following a mid-air explosion of a commuter plane carrying Jewish businessmen that killed all occupants.
The request by Ambassador Jacob Brakha fueled speculation that Tuesday's crash could have been an attack directed at the Jewish community in Panama, particularly coming a day after a deadly bomb attack at a Jewish charity headquarters in Buenos Aires.
The plane, which belonged to the Alas airline, burst into two pieces after taking off on a flight to Panama City from the Atlantic port of Colon, Civil Aeronautics director Sosimo Guardia said.
Greenpeace ship boarded, crew arrested after whaling protest  EGERSUND, Norway, July 20 (AFP)  Norwegian coastguards boarded a vessel of the Greenpeace ecological organisation Wednesday and arrested the crew after it tried to stop a Norwegian whaler from fishing, officials said here.
The Greenpeace ship Sirius was being towed into this Norwegian port southwest of Oslo where the crew would be dealt with by the local police after its arrival, expected around 3:00 a.m. (0100 GMT), officials said.
Officials said coastguards from two Norwegian vessels had boarded the Sirius when Greenpeace tried to stop the whaler Senet after it had harpooned a whale and was going after another.
Nguon Nonn, editor of Dom Ning Pel Prek (Morning News) was arrested July 9 for undermining "public order" after his paper published articles implicating high-ranking security officials from the Cambodian People's Party (CPP) in the recent failed coup.
The possibility emerged hours after the president of the parliament Klaus Haensch said that a "no" vote on Thursday would doom the Luxembourg premier to failure.
Santer was chosen at an emergency EU meeting in Brussels last week after Britain vetoed Dehaene at the EU summit last month in Greece.
They're finally going after O.J. because he helped unmask the space hoax."
At a recent seminar on the problem, a senior judicial official proposed stamping a hallmark on the face or hand of any illegal immigrant to help authorities identify him if he returned to the UAE after deportation.
The plane, which belonged to the Alas airline, burst into two pieces after taking off on a flight to Panama City from the Atlantic port of Colon, Civil Aeronautics director Sosimo Guardia said.
US Representative Bill Richardson said meanwhile after briefing Clinton on his meetings in Haiti with army chief General Raoul Cedras that the military leaders were more flexible than reported and that an invasion would be a mistake.
Figueres spoke after a meeting of nine Latin American banana-exporting nations seeking to find a common position in response to limitations imposed by the EU on bananas, an important source of revenue for producer countries.
Two days after the blast, search teams with dogs were still picking through the rubble of the seven-story Jewish Mutual Association building here in an attempt to locate survivors.
Tougher sanctions loom after Serb 'rejection' by Philippe Debeusscher  GENEVA, July 21 (AFP)  The threat of tougher sanctions against Bosnian Serbs and their patrons loomed closer Thursday after their refusal to respond unambiguously to the latest peace plan was taken as a rejection by international mediators.
The scheme would give 51 percent of Bosnian territory to the Croat- Moslem federation and 49 percent to the Serbs, who now control 70 percent on the ground after 27 months of war.
"Indonesia is now one of the the only countries where trademarks can be legally usurped," he said after pointing out that he had won trademark lawsuits in the United States, Thailand and South Korea.
(AFP)     JERUSALEM: Foreign Minister Shimon Peres returned to Jerusalem after  becoming the first Israeli leader to enter Jordan officially, saying peace  between the former enemies was a reality.
"It is the worst  crisis ever," said Jacques de Milliano after visiting refugee camps.
Two days after the  blast, search teams with dogs were still picking through the rubble of the  seven-story Jewish Mutual Association building here in an attempt to locate  survivors.
(AFP)     BOGOTA: The army was placed on maximum alert after leftist rebels launched  an offensive that led to clashes on the outskirts of the capital and killed  four policemen and a civilian, authorities said.
Outgoing President Cesar Gaviria placed the army on alert after four  guerrilla attacks in the night within a few kilometers (miles) of the capital.
"I was very disappointed," South African  Astronomical Observatory scientist Patricia Whitelock said after the collision  at around 2020 GMT.
US Representative Bill Richardson said  meanwhile after briefing Clinton on his meetings in Haiti with army chief  General Raoul Cedras that the military leaders were more flexible than  reported and that an invasion would be a mistake.
The team plays the second test here Saturday after losing the first test to the All Blacks.
I'm surprised after what has happened that morale is so high," he added.
Shenzhen stock official arrested for taking bribes  HONG KONG, July 21 (AFP)  A Chinese stock exchange official was arrested in China for accepting bribes after his deportation from Hong Kong where he was detained for possessing fake travel documents, reports said Thursday.
The shipyard on Wedneday locked out the 20,000 workers after 65 rounds of talks failed to narrow differences on wage hikes, severance pay and the reinstatement of dismissed union leaders.
He was heavily involved in drafting the Basic Law, Hong Kong's mini-constitution after it reverts to Chinese sovereignty in 1997.
Patten has irked Beijing by unilaterally forging ahead with his plans for electoral reforms in the territory, despite warnings from the Chinese government that it will dismantle Hong Kong's government system after 1997.
Goodlad arrived in Hong Kong for a stop-over on Wednesday after a visit to China where he also failed to meet Professor Lu. 
Two days after the blast, search teams with dogs were still picking through the rubble of the Jewish Mutual Association building here in an attempt to locate survivors.
The visit was aimed at continuing discussions on normalising ties between Baghdad and Tehran after the end of the 1980-1988 Iran-Iraq war.
Sinn Fein said it would respond to the declaration after the European elections which took place in June, and is due to hold a delegate conference on Sunday to adopt a position on the declaration.
"I am, therefore, very surprised that this matter cropped up after so many years," said Ghani.
An agency official attributed the decline mainly to a sharp drop in rice purchases, after consumers rushed to hoard rice on news of rice shortages, as well as a drop in purchases of beer in response to a tax rise in May.
Year on year, overall household spending fell 0.8 percent in April, 4.3 percent in March and 0.5 percent in February, after four straight months of gains from October last year to January.
Aircraft engines fail after oil refinery changes formula  WELLINGTON, July 21 (AFP)  Aviation authorities revealed Thursday that a recent spate of aircraft engine failures has been caused by New Zealand's solitary oil refinery changing a fuel formulation without telling airlines.
Malaysian minister denies keeping Standard's gold coin  KUALA LUMPUR, July 21 (AFP)  A Malaysian minister said Thursday he had returned a 10,000 dollar gold coin given to him by a representative of Standard Chartered Plc, after reports of a bank probe into missing gold coins.
He did not indicate clearly when the coin was returned, but an aide said Ghani returned it to Goh shortly after the meeting with the delegation.
"I am, therefore, very surprised that this matter cropped up after so many years," said Ghani.
US envoy updates Rabin on peace moves  TEL AVIV, July 21 (AFP)  Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin went into talks with US Secretary of State Warren Christopher on Thursday pursuing his Middle East peace shuttle after meetings in Syria and Jordan.
Christopher said he held "useful and very worthwhile" talks in Damascus on Tuesday with Syrian President Hafez al-Assad after first seeing Rabin in Jerusalem on Monday.
"We're discussing the fundamental aspects of how the parties might seek peace together," the secretary said after meeting Assad twice.
Nasreen, 32, a doctor-turned-writer, went into hiding after a court here issued an arrest warrant for her to face a charge of hurting religious sentiment by commenting on Islam's holy book, the Koran.
Works Minister Rafiqul Islam Mia told AFP Wednesday that the courts were independent, and Nasreen "is at liberty to go abroad like any other Bangladeshi, after facing the court."
Diplomatic sources in Pyongyang have said an important meeting of the party and parliament will convene after the period of mourning to name a new secretary general of the party and president of the republic.
No official announcements have been made to end the period of mourning declared on July 9 after the Grand Leader Kim died.
But after two days of official funerals Tuesday and Wednesday, "everyone is ready for life to return to normal," said one foreign resident.
Israelis fear Syria may start a war  JERUSALEM, July 21 (AFP)  Forty-three percent of Israelis fear Syria will start a war even after reaching a peace agreement, according to an opinion poll published Thursday.
His first speech after being nominated drew criticism for lack of forcefulness and federalist leanings.
Rabin went into talks with US Secretary of State Warren Christopher on Thursday pursuing his Middle East peace shuttle after meetings in Syria and Jordan.
HAMAS warns PLO of civil war  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 21 (AFP)  The Islamic Resistance Movement HAMAS Thursday warned the head of the Palestinian police of a "civil war" after three suspects were arrested for the murder of an Israeli soldier.
HAMAS condemned General Nasr Yussef, security chief of the autonomous area of Gaza and Jericho, after he vowed to hunt down the killers.
The warning came after Palestinian police arrested three suspects in an ambush Tuesday at the Rafah border area which killed an Israeli army lieutenant.
Christopher said after meeting Assad twice on Tuesday that discussions now centered on the "fundamental aspects" of achieving peace.
Mitterrand, 77, who retires after 14 years in power next May, was operated by endoscopic probe without general anesthetic on Monday to clear blockages in his urinary system caused by spread of the prostate cancer.
But the May 5 verdict was later scrapped and a second trial arranged after the surprise discovery of Firkh in a Lebanese jail.
Lebanon decided earlier this year to speed up legal procedures and tighten security after a church bombing in February that killed 11 people.
The freeze was the basis for continued diplomatic dialogue between Pyongyang and Washington, Kim Sam-Hoon, South Korea's point man on nuclear deals, said after strategy talks here with US Assistant Secretary of State Robert Gallucci.
The price of shares in Wellcome fell by 15 pence to 600 after the company had announced that pre-tax profits for the first 10 months of the year were steady at 488.1 million pounds.
The announcement by POSCO came only days after the Hyundai subsidiary leaked its steel mill construction plan and just 24 hours after it had sought government permission to enter the field.
                    EU-parliament,lead                     600 words around 1100 GMT                     by Jean-Louis Doublet                     Vote expected around 1030 GMT     TEL AVIV:       US Secretary of State Christopher                     pursues his Mideast peace shuttle                     in Israel after talks with Syria                     and Jordan.
Neither Rabin nor Christopher commented after their talks at the Defence Ministry in Tel Aviv whre they were to meet again in the late afternoon.
"We're discussing the fundamental aspects of how the parties might seek peace together," the secretary said after meeting Assad twice.
However in Tel Aviv, an opinion poll found that 43 percent of Israelis fear Syria will start a war even after reaching a peace agreement.
"I am disappointed with the Serbian response," Perry told a news conference here after the United States interpreted the answer given by the Serbs to the so-call contact group on Bosnia as a rejection of the scheme.
Ulundi was the former capital of KwaZulu black homeland, the powerbase of the IFP, before it was incorporated into Natal province after all- race elections in April.
The communique, reported by major newspapers Thursday, said rules issued after a series of violent rural protests last year had resulted in arbitrary fees worth some 10 billion yuan being cancelled, but added "the problem of excessive charges on peasants has still not been thoroughly solved."
This year's cotton output is unlikely to meet targets after falling to 3.76 million tonnes last year from a record 6.26 million tonnes in 1984.
Meanwhile, flights into Sarajevo airport were again suspended Thursday after reports of at least one plane coming under fire, a UN Protection Force spokesman said.
The air bridge was suspended for the day on Wednesday after a US C-141 cargo plane was shot at shortly after take-off from Sarajevo airport.
The minister, who flew here Sunday after a visit to Moscow, met his Pakistani counterpart, Aftab Shaban Mirani, and senior army and navy officials.
Police spokeswoman Janine Smith said that after acting on a tip-off, police found gold worth about one million rands (277,000 dollars) in the 46-year-old Greek national's luggage at Jan Smuts Airport shortly before he was about to board a plane bound for Switzerland.
Japan, Panama agree on closer bilateral ties  TOKYO, July 21 (AFP)  Foreign ministers of Japan and Panama on Thursday agreed to promote bilateral ties, even after a new government comes to power in the central American country in September.
Mulino, who is visiting here unofficially after visiting Taiwan, said his country was facing a crucial time as the management of the canal will be handed over from the United States to Panama over the next five years.
Beckenbauer steps in to World Cup row  BONN, July 22 (AFP)  German World Cup captain Lothar Matthaus plans to quit the national team after a row with manager Berti Vogts.
"The comments you read at the moment were made almost immediately after the elimination.
Near-perfect conditions and a 28,000 sell-out crowd greeted the tourists, returning to the home of cricket after 29 years.
Meanwhile, flights into Sarajevo airport were again suspended Thursday after reports of at least one plane coming under fire, according to UNPROFOR spokesman Major Rob Annink.
The air bridge was suspended for the day on Wednesday after a US C-141 cargo plane was shot at as it was taking off from Sarajevo airport.
The visit was aimed at continuing discussions on normalising ties between Baghdad and Tehran five years after the end of the 1980-1988 Iran-Iraq war.
That is less than half the eight million or so estimated potential voters in Mozambique's first ever multiparty elections after a two-year transition from civil war to peace.
Chissano has opposed the announcement of a government of national unity after the elections before the election results are declared.
Murayama's pro-military criticised by party  TOKYO, July 21 (AFP)  Left-wing members of Japanese Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama's socialist party threatened to quit Thursday after he reversed an anti- military stance.
The refugees fear reprisals from the RPF for the mass slaughter of up to one million Tutsis by Hutu extremists after the death of President Juvenal Habyarimana, a Hutu, in a suspicious plane crash in April triggered a new round in the country's history of ethnic bloodletting.
Blair's election, a day after the choice of 48-year-old Jeremy Hanley as Conservative Party chairman, set out the battle lines for the 1997 general elections, in which the respective party chairmen will be the chief strategists.
The vote was of 260 in favour, 238 against and 23 abstentions and had been predicted earlier in the day as a tight result after the main Socialist grouping said they would vote against Santer, 57.
HINA said that three civilians were arrested after the incident.
    July 21 (AFP) - We will move the following features:     CHAPRIZANJE,     Mozambique:     The UN estimates that up to two million                     landmines remain in Mozambique nearly                     two years after the end of the 16-year                     civil war.
The UN estimates that up to two million landmines remain in Mozambique nearly two years after the end of a 16-year civil war between government forces and rebels of the Mozambique National Resistance (RENAMO).
His face was blank when asked about his hopes for the future after multiparty elections in October, and he shrugged when pressed on whether he felt he lost his leg for a good cause.
Israel declared the Gaza Strip sealed indefinitely after riots on Sunday at the Erez crossing point left two Palestinians dead and at least 75 Palestinians and 24 Israeli soldiers wounded.
He recently worked in the municipality, but was laid off after Palestinian autonomy was launched in May.
A full closure of Gaza and the occupied West Bank went into effect after the Gulf War in January 1991, and has been sporadic ever since, with about 20,000 allowed in until the Erez riots.
"We come here to shoot and relax after a hard day's work," Arita said.
(incorporates EU-parliament-Santer) Santer narrowly voted into office by parliament by Jean-Louis Doublet  STRASBOURG, July 21 (AFP)  The European parliament approved by a tight margin Thursday Luxembourg Prime Minister Jacques Santer's appointment as the new executive leader of the European Union after threatening to reject his candidacy.
A "knife edge" vote had been predicted earlier in the day after the main Socialist grouping said they would vote against Santer, 57, who will succeed Jacques Delors of France in January.
If you can't change this country for the better after 15 years you never will.
Blair's election, a day after Major's surprise choice of 48-year-old Jeremy Hanley, a second-level defense minister, as Conservative Party chairman as the prime minister set out the battle lines for the 1997 general elections.
During talks here France agreed to settle frozen assets still outstanding from after Vietnam won independence in 1954.
Eight million dollars claimed by France for businesses nationalised by Hanoi after the end of the Vietnam War in 1975 were also settled, wrapping up all bilateral financial problems, officials said.
France played a key role in resolving the problem of Vietnamese debt with the Paris Club and in the resumption of loans from the International Monetary Fund after the US government lifted its veto last year.
Standard Chartered says gold coin was never missing  KUALA LUMPUR, July 21 (AFP)  Standard Chartered sought to clear a Malaysian minister of any impropriety Thursday, saying the British media had falsely reported that a gold coin worth 10,000 dollars was missing after being lent to the official.
The clarification came after Malaysian Youth and Sports Minister Ghani Othman said he had returned a 10,000-dollar gold coin shortly after it was given to him by a representative of the bank as a sample three years ago.
Ghani said he returned the sample to Steven Goh of Standard Chartered Plc's Hong Kong-based Mocatta unit soon after a meeting in 1991 with the unit's delegation sent to discuss the bank's proposal for a bonded warehouse for gold bullion in Malaysia.
The extension, the second since the framework talks collapsed in February, came a day after Murayama took office at the head of a new three-party coalition government of conservatives and socialists.
Iran's ambassador had issued a tough statement after the four diplomats were expelled following accusations they tried to forcibly repatriate an Iranian family granted refugee status by the Turkish office of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees.
It said the Croatian's life was not in danger, and that three civilians were arrested after the incident.
A Belgian couple, Michel Barran and Natalie Roobaert, have also been reported missing since late May after they too were believed to have visited the Preah Vihear temple.
Santer narrowly voted into office by parliament by Jean-Louis Doublet  STRASBOURG, July 21 (AFP)  The European parliament approved by a tight margin Thursday Luxembourg Prime Minister Jacques Santer's appointment as the new executive leader of the European Union after threatening to reject his candidacy.
European leaders unanimously chose Santer on Friday after Britain vetoed the earlier candidacy of Belgian Prime Minister Jean-Luc Dehaene on grounds that he was "too federalist."
A "knife edge" vote had been predicted earlier in the day after the main Socialist grouping said they would vote against Santer, 57, who will succeed Jacques Delors of France who steps down in January after 10 years in the job.
The moderate Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC) agreed in talks with military ruler General Sani Abacha Wednesday to shelve plans to spread the strike action after he agreed to consider freeing Abiola, held on treason charges since June 23.
The results of the election, which were described as free and fair by international observers, were never published and the military, after briefly transfering power to a hand-picked civilian administration, resumed direct rule under General Abacha last November.
The Australians, seven times champions and 10 times finalists after playing in the women's team event every year since it was launched in 1963, needed to reach the last eight here to qualify for the elite group when the competition changes its format.
On the first day of fierce sunshine after dull and rainy weather since the competition started on Monday, the 68th-ranked McQuillan went down 4-6, 1-6 against Petra Ritter, who is three places higher on the computer, in just 76 minutes.
"It depends on cooperation between donor countries and the Palestinians on the scene," Christopher told reporters after an hour of talks with the PLO chairman at the Palestinian radio and television center.
Steeplechaser Mark Rowland got his reward for defying medical advice to quit the sport after four achilles operations, by being selected for his first major championships since winning silver at the last Europeans in 1990.
Revenues were up three percent to 15.4 billion dollars after taking into account the sale of its subsidiary, Federal Systems Company (FSC).
Only after negotiations on these points were completed could the Bosnian Serb "parliament" make a decision on a "complete" peace plan, the declaration said.
The Serb assembly "concluded that the realization of certain elements of the peace plan could only begin after a global version (of the plan) was adopted."
But he stressed the tourists were well prepared after a rigid 18-day training period.
Residents said the Sanaa government's decision to block off roads into the city for 12 days from last Saturday had helped to contain a wave of looting which broke out just after Aden's capture.
Ghanem also called on residents to hand in their weapons, after Sanaa banned the carrying of firearms.
(AFP)     STRASBOURG: The European Parliament approved by a tight margin Luxembourg  Prime Minister Jacques Santer's appointment as the new executive leader of the  European Union after threatening to reject his candidacy.
The freeze was the basis for continued diplomatic  dialogue between Pyongyang and Washington, Kim Sam-Hoon, South Korea's point  man on nuclear deals, said after strategy talks here with US Assistant  Secretary of State Robert Gallucci.
Nasreen, 32, a doctor-turned-writer, went into hiding after a court here issued an arrest warrant for her on charges of hurting religious sentiments, which she has denied, by commenting on Islam's holy book, the Koran.
A "knife edge" vote had been predicted earlier in the day after the main Socialist grouping said they would vote against Santer, 57, who will succeed Jacques Delors of France in January.
Santer immediately thanked the parliament after the vote saying it "showed it was up to" its new responsibilities conferred by the Maastricht Treaty on European union.
German Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel, whose country holds the rotating EU presidency, appeared clearly relieved after the vote.
European leaders unanimously chose Santer on Friday after Britain vetoed the earlier candidacy of Belgian Prime Minister Jean-Luc Dehaene on grounds that he was "too federalist."
MICHAEL, Barbados, July 21 (AFP)  Barbados Prime Minister Erskine Sandiford is planning to step down after seven years in power, according to a source in his Democratic Labor Party (DLP).
Former DLP government minister Harold Blackman resigned from the party last month after 40 years of membership.
Following the recent decision of Deputy Prime Minister Philip Greaves to bow out of politics after the elections, Finance Minister David Thompson, 32, and Foreign Affairs Minister Branford Taitt have emerged as the frontrunners to succeed Sandiford.
A Belgian couple, Michel Barran and Natalie Roobaert, have also been reported missing since late May after they too were believed to have visited the Preah Vihear temple.
Bitterly disappointed after being outsprinted for victory in Wednesday's 17th stage by Nelson Rodriguez of Colombia, Urgumov never surrendered the lead.
Wessels and Kirsten rescue South Africa  LONDON, July 21 (AFP)  A 106-run partnership between captain Kepler Wessels and opener Gary Kirsten put South Africa back on an even keel after a nervous  start to their first Test in England for 29 years.
By mid-afternoon Wessels had reached 58, with Kirsten finally dismissed for 72 after steering a wide delivery from part-time off spinner Graeme Hick straight to Phillip DeFreitas at cover.
The athletic Gooch had given Darren Gough an unlikely wicket after Hudson top-edged an attempted hook in the 10th over.
Wessels and his team-mates walked through the Grace Gates soon after 9am for a match which a relatively short time ago, they could never have dreamed of playing in.
Banned from official international cricket for three years after leading a rebel tour to South Africa in 1982, Gooch lapped up the applause that greeted his catch.
The shipyard on Wedneday locked out the 20,000 workers after 65 rounds of talks failed to narrow differences on wage hikes, severance pay and the reinstatement of dismissed union leaders.
Decree officially dead after deputies vote, early elections seen  ROME, July 21 (AFP)  Italian deputies on Thursday voted down a controversial decree restricting magistrate's detention rights, sounding the last nail in the coffin of the measure which the government has withdrawn.
Eight million dollars claimed by France for businesses nationalised by Hanoi after the end of the Vietnam War in 1975 were also settled, wrapping up all bilateral financial problems, officials said.
But France won some goodwill by playing a key role in resolving a row over Vietnamese debt with the International Monetary Fund to allow a resumption of multilateral financing after the US government lifted its veto.
But the by-elections also confirmed an overwhelming apathy among Zimbabwe's voters after 14 years of rule by ZANU-PF (Zimbabwe African National Union - Patriotic Front), and brought to light a new example of factionalism within the ruling party.
                    Yugo-Bosnia-federation,2ndlead                     600 words around 1830 GMT                     by Francis Curta     WASHINGTON:     The dollar soars after a top Treasury official                     says it was time for the US currency to                     appreciate against the yen and the German mark.
It was the first public disclosure of the assembly's "declaration," which was kept secret after its adoption Tuesday and its disclosure Wednesday by Bosnian Serb strongman Radovan Karadzic to contact group negotiators in Geneva.
US negotiator Charles Redman said Wednesday that the Serbs had effectively rejected the plan after their delegation told negotiators the Serb assembly considered it "incomplete."
The Parliament of the Serb Republic concludes that the realisation of the elements of the peace plan can only begin after a global version of the plan for ex-Bosnia-Hercegovina is adopted.
"It depends on cooperation between donor countries and the Palestinians on the scene," Christopher told reporters after an hour of talks with the PLO chairman at the Palestinian radio and television center.
Tansil's lawyer Gani Jemat told journalists after the hearing that the prosecutor's demand was "too high" and said the defendant will respond next Thursday.
The final status of Jerusalem has been left aside until negotiations after two years of autonomy.
The Dow Jones Index of 30 leading industrials minutes after the opening was 4.54 points down at 3,722.73 points with 85 million shares changing hands.
The refugees feared reprisals from the RPF for the mass slaughter of up to one million mostly Tutsi civilians by Hutu extremists after the death of Hutu president Juvenal Habyarimana in a suspicious April 6 plane crash.
The pledge came as Nigeria remained paralyzed by strike action Thursday after oil unions maintained demands that the country's military regime transfer power to jailed opposition leader Moshood Abiola.
The moderate NLC agreed in talks with military ruler General Sani Abacha on Wednesday to shelve plans to spread the strike action after he agreed to consider freeing Abiola, held on treason charges since June 23.
But the cosmic freight train collision has drummed up quite a few surprises to keep scientists busy long after the last bang has petered out.
On Thursday, the army was put on alert in the northern state of Punjab after a flooded river submerged many villages, PTI said.
The provision calls for a six-month investigation, with a possible 90-day extension, after which sanctions can be imposed.
England, who beat Nigeria 59-49 on Tuesday, started aggressively with Scantlebury finding the basket seconds after the start.
The Malaysians, hopeful for a third triumph after their earlier 108-63 victory against Singapore and 88-72 win over Hong Kong, returned after the breather with Chen Huat Keong engineering some brilliant manoeuvres.
The Canadians, out to avenge their 59-64 loss to Nigeria on Wednesday, gained a comfortable 66-26 led by half-time and continued the rout after the break.
(graphic) Santer narrowly voted into office by parliament by Jean-Louis Doublet  STRASBOURG, July 21 (AFP)  The European Parliament narrowly approved Thursday Jacques Santer as the new chief of the European Union, after threatening to reject him, in a sign that the assembly intended to use its new powers.
European leaders unanimously chose Santer on Friday after Britain vetoed the earlier candidacy of Belgian Prime Minister Jean-Luc Dehaene on grounds that he was "too federalist."
A "knife edge" vote had been predicted earlier in the day after the main Socialist grouping said they would vote against Santer, 57, who will succeed Jacques Delors of France who steps down in January after 10 years in the job.
Santer pledged to win over public opinion and work closely with the Strasbourg-based assembly after his election.
Graf, who has played in 18 Federation Cup ties for Germany over the past six years, declined selection this year although the event is being held in Germany, after her shock first-round defeat at Wimbledon.
Runaway sea lion found slumped from exhaustion on a car  GENEVA, July 21 (AFP)  Cesar, a runaway circus sea lion, has been found slumped from exhaustion on a car after a four-day chase across the waters of Lake Maggiore in southern Switzerland, his owners said on Thursday.
"I was playing in pain, but I still wanted to have fun," said the Ukrainian teenager after losing 6-7 (3/7), 2-6 to Germany's unseeded Marc Goellner in the second round.
Bitterly disappointed after being outsprinted for victory in Wednesday's 17th stage by Nelson Rodriguez, after having done all the spadework for the Colombia in the final ascent, Ugrumov made no such mistakes on Thursday.
Ugrumov, a Latvian-born Russian who rides for the Gewiss team, moved from sixth to third place overall behind Virenque after his win, throwing the race-within-a-race wide open.
Italian hero Marco Pantani, who went through the pain barrier on Wednesday after a fall which nearly put him out of the race, is just two seconds further back, with Frenchman Luc Leblanc fifth at 9:29.
Pantani dropped from third to fourth overall after being left behind by Virenque and Indurain in the downhill sprint into Cluses.
Since April, when ethnic bloodshed broke out after the plane crash death of the Rwandan president, the Overseas Development Office said, it has contributed 11 million pounds (16 million dollars) to the Rwanda refugee relief effort.
Gooch's intervention gave Darren Gough an unlikely wicket after Hudson had slightly top-edged a hook during the 10th over.
It reduced South Africa to a nervous 18 for one in front of a capacity crowd of 28,000, eager to witness their return to the home of cricket after 29 years.
Wessels and his team-mates walked through the Grace Gates soon after 9am for a match which, even a few years ago, they could never have dreamed of playing in.
European stocks mixed  LONDON, July 21 (AFP)  Share prices were mixed in trading on the European stock exchanges Thursday, up in Paris and London after the dollar rose but down in Frankfurt following the fall on Wall Street overnight.
Pharmaceuticals group Wellcome fell 10 pence to 605, after the group announced an unchanged 488.1 million pounds profit for the first 10 months.
Vodafone, which went ex-dividend, fell 363 pence to 190.5. In Paris, the CAC 40 index rose 0.49 percent to 2,053.78 points, recovering after an early fall.
Among the shares to rise, Eurotunnel climbed 2.72 percent after news of a rise in US investment in the group to 7.02 percent of capital from 6.04 percent.
Ataman's statement came after US Assistant Secretary of State for Human Rights, John Shattuck, warned Turkey on the issue during a visit here last week.
(WASHINGTON) The extension, the second since the framework talks collapsed in February, came a day after Murayama took office at the head of a new three-party coalition government of conservatives and socialists.
Juppe spoke after Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic withdrew his "unconditional 'yes'" to the Geneva peace plan because of the Bosnian Serbs' "rejection" of the partition of the country.
Croatia calls on refugees to end blockade of UN checkpoints  ZAGREB, July 21 (AFP)  The Croatian government Thursday called on Croatian refugees to lift a two-week blockade of UN checkpoints after a UN special envoy warned that UN troops might be withdrawn if the situation became "totally unacceptable."
Solzhenitsyn back in Moscow after train-ride through Russia  MOSCOW, July 21 (AFP)  Alexander Solzhenitsyn arrived here Thursday by train to a hero's welcome from the city he last saw 20 years ago when he was forced on to a plane by the KGB and expelled in handcuffs.
"I'm completely innocent," King said after his 10-minute arraignment in federal court in Manhattan.
King was indicted last week on charges he collected 350,000 dollars from Lloyds after the cancellation of a 1991 fight between World Boxing Council super lightweight champion Cesar Chavez and Harold Brazier.
The fight was scheduled to take place at the Mirage hotel in Las Vegas, but was called of after Chavez suffered a cut during training eight days before the fight.
New venues for the sailing competition had to be selected after Regent Partners of Atlanta backed out of a plan to buy the Sheraton Savannah Resort on Wilmington Island and convert it to a yachting venue.
Peres later left Cairo after also holding talks with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak to brief him on his landmark peace talks Wednesday in Jordan.
Only after negotiations on these points could the Bosnian Serb assembly render its decision on a "complete" peace plan, the declaration said.
IMF, World Bank role growing and changing by Bruno Rossignol  WASHINGTON, July 21 (AFP)  Fifty years after their creation, the Bretton Woods Institutions -- the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and World Bank -- have seen their role grow and change with the shifting global economy.
Fifty years and 300 billion dollars of loans after its creation, the bank has helped reduced poverty and infant mortality while boosting life expectancy across the developing world.
"It will be difficult against Japan in the next round," said Sanchez after Spain's 3-0 win.
(FRANKFURT) McQuillan went down 4-6, 1-6 to Petra Ritter in just 76 minutes, winning just one game after climbing back from 0-4 to 4-4 in the first set.
Dollar jumps in Europe  LONDON, July 21 (AFP)  The dollar jumped in trading on the European foreign exchanges Thursday, falling after the news that German rates were unchanged but surging again after US Treasury official Larry Summers supported a stronger dollar.
"Larry Summers said the US administration was concerned by the rate of the dollar and that reassured the market, after (US Federal Reserve Chairman) Alan Greenspan's ambiguous comments yesterday," Gwyn Hacche, of brokers James Capel, said.
Solzhenitsyn slams Russian leaders for failing to do their duty  MOSCOW, July 21 (AFP)  Alexander Solzhenitsyn arrived here Thursday to a hero's welcome after 20 years in exile and criticized the Russian leadership for again failing to do its duty toward the people.
Dollar jumps, gold higher  NEW YORK, July 21 (AFP)  The dollar rose sharply against other major currencies Thursday in active trading after a top Treasury official said he favored a stronger greenback.
Economists said the sharp increase in June's surplus showed a return to normality after May's extraordinary low figure.
Cricket supremos in Test pact  LONDON, July 21 (AFP)  Test supremos Ali Bacher and Ray Illingworth made a pact here Thursday, hoping to ensure that South Africa's return to Lord's after 29 years is free of gamesmanship.
"We want this to be a great occasion," said Bacher, managing director of the South African United Cricket Board, after talks with Illingworth, chairman of the England selectors, before the start of play in the First Test against England.
Bacher embraced South African Board president Krish Mackerdhuj after a pre-match ceremony in front of the Lord's pavilion.
Three hours after he announced the release at the airport while waiting to receive the freed hostages, Babar said the special plane sent to bring them here could not take off from Bagram airbase near Kabul due to "bad weather."
Wackenheim was later forced to claim social security benefits after also being turned down by virtually every other town he applied to, the tribunal heard.
Back problem puts Ballesteros out of Dutch Open  HILVERSUM, Netherlands, July 21 (AFP)  Severiano Ballesteros' comeback bid  ground to a painful full stop here Thursday when he was forced to withdraw from the Heineken Dutch Open after only four holes.
The 37-year-old Spaniard was ferried back to the clubhouse on an electric buggy after hitting his drive only 50 metres at the long fourth and taking five shots to reach the green.
Ballesteros revealed he had undergone two treatment sessions in the European Tour's travelling physiotherapy unit after Wednesday's pro- am, and another before attempting to play the opening round of a tournament with which he has a special affinity.
Rivero shot 66 to lie one shot behind the leading quartet after twice chipping in for eagle threes.
The Queenslander, who led last week's Open at four under par after 12 holes but failed to survive the cut, swept back to form with a seven- birdie assault that included five in the first 10 holes.
The provision calls for a six-month investigation, with a possible 90-day extension, after which sanctions can be imposed.
(picture) Solzhenitsyn back as "spokesman for the Russian people" by Sebastian Smith  MOSCOW, July 21 (AFP)  Alexander Solzhenitsyn returned to Moscow after more than two decades of exile Thursday and said he would act as spokesman for a sick Russia which has lost faith in its government.
The measures come five weeks after Russian President Boris Yeltsin issued a similar decree.
Shortly after Kim's death, North Korean officials requested that talks with the United States be adjourned temporarily during the official mourning period.
Wessels keeps tourists afloat  LONDON, July 21 (AFP)  Captain courageous Kepler Wessels kept South Africa afloat after they had looked in danger of sinking in a tide of emotion that marked their return to Lord's on Thursday after a 29-year absence.
"When I went home to South Africa in 1985, I had no doubt my Test career was finished," said Wessels, who fell out with Australia over money after winning 24 caps.
Daly withdraws from PGA Tour event  SUTTON, Massachusetts, July 21 (AFP)  John Daly withdrew from the New England Classic golf tournament here on Thursday after shooting a first-round 75.
The announcement was the first of its kind since Iliescu took power after the execution of communist dictator Nicolae Ceausescu in the December 1989 uprising.
He made 69 after his side had slumped from 87 for two to 109 for seven.
But the ruling by a tribunal in this military port after what Spanish commentators labelled a tit-for-tat action in response to the seizure of a French boat by Spanish fishermen came as ministers from both countries sought to defuse the row.
The Francisco y Begonia was seized by the French navy late Wednesday after French authorities said an inspection of her hold revealed a cargo of undersized fish hidden in secret compartments.
The seizure came hours after a similar dispute between the two countries was settled.
Spanish fishermen had released the French tuna boat Gabrielle they seized in a high seas battle over alleged use of illegal nets after French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur stepped in to demand the vessel's immediate return.
The maneuvers which come five months after Bulgaria, a former member of the communist Warsaw Pact military alliance, joined the North Atlantic Treaty Organization's partnership for peace program will also include warships from Romania, Russia, and Ukraine.
London, Frankfurt and Barcelona will return from the league owners halted two years ago after severe financial losses.
Shortly after Kim's death, North Korean officials requested that talks with the United States be adjourned temporarily during the official mourning period.
Forty-eight members of the regional assembly voted for Hoeppner after three rounds of voting, with 37 legislators backing outgoing state premier Christoph Bergner, a member of chancellor Helmut Kohl's Christian Democratic Union, said an official spokesman.
Hoeppner was elected after three Christian Democratic premiers headed the eastern state in only four years.
President Bill Clinton spoke of a "human catastrophe" after the fighting left more than two million people displaced.
Lionel Rosenblatt, head of the group Refugees International, said Thursday after returning from Goma that a multinational operation of the size of Provide Comfort was needed for the Rwandans.
Shula, who has won 327 NFL games as a coach, including two Super Bowls, had said recently that he might not coach after the upcoming season.
"I am anxious to get this team back to where we were after the Thanksgiving Day game in Dallas," Shula said.
IBM shares soared 6-3/4 to 62-3/8 after the world's top computer maker announced second-quarter earnings of 689 million dollars in its third straight quarter in the black following massive losses.
Among other firms reporting quarterly profits, Caterpiller fell 1-1/4 to 106-3/8 despite record earnings of 240 million dollars and Monsanto rose one to 76-3/4 after it reported record profits of 258 million dollars.
The games were moved after tiles fell from the Kingdome ceiling, forcing officials to close the stadium for repairs.
Dollar jumps, gold down  NEW YORK, July 21 (AFP)  The dollar rose sharply against other major currencies after an active session Thursday, reaching its highest level against the French franc and the German mark since the beginning of July.
Traders were encouraged by the greenback's resistance to news that German interest rates were unchanged after the Bundesbank's bimonthly meeting.
"We have asked for the security of people in the security zone to be guaranteed after the French troops leave" Dufourcq told journalists here.
"The (Rwandan) prime minister has assured us there will be no reprisals after the French troops have left" said Dufourcq, adding that the credibility of the new government was at stake.
Sealing-off of Gaza to end Friday: Israel  JERUSALEM, July 22 (AFP)  Israel was to lift its blockade of the Gaza Strip at dawn Friday after less than a week, an army spokesman said here Thursday.
Peres was speaking to an Israeli radio journalist in Tel Aviv after returning from talks in Cairo with Mubarak and Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Mussa, whom he briefed on current progress in Middle East peace talks.
The Western powers threatened Thursday to slap more sanctions on the Bosnian Serbs after their refusal to accept the international peace plan on Bosnia, but Russia remained lukewarm, judging more time was needed to assess the Serbs' response.
In the meantime, the international community is to consider tougher sanctions, after the Serbs imposed a stream of conditions they wanted fulfilled before they would accept the plan.
Berlusconi said he believed the figures ought to be enough to "reassure international markets" after several days of bickering amongst his coalition partners.
Christopher, who flies in from Israel after talks with Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin, was expected to go immediately into a meeting with Syrian President Hafez al-Assad, whom he met twice on Tuesday.
Spokesman Frank Thiel said the trial of Mielke, formerly the second most powerful man in East Germany after late Communist Party boss Erich Honecker, would probably open on September 5.
Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres, who became the first Israeli leader officially to set foot in Jordan on Wednesday, said: "Everyone is suffering from a shortage of water and we have to avoid wasting it even after we are sharing it, because we need water more than rights."
Both leaders were talking during a joint press conference on the shores of the Dead Sea along with US Secretary of State Warren Christopher after landmark trilateral talks.
Suzanna Swann of the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said: "Since Wednesday, we have found that more and more of the children on their own have been abandoned by desperate parents who can no longer look after them."
In an exclusive interview with AFP, Girija Prasad Koirala said he had acted constitutionally when he advised King Birendra to dissolve the House of Representatives and call for polls after he resigned on July 10.
The king's move sparked widespread protests by supporters of the communist opposition, resulting in the arrest of 292 people after an outbreak of public unrest Wednesday, which prompted the government to put the army on alert.
But Koirala, who resigned on July 10 after his defeat in a crucial parliamentary vote on his government's annual political and socio- economic programme, called on all parties to take part in the ballot, saying the communists would be making a "political blunder" if they failed to do so.
Gallucci leaves for Tokyo after nuclear talks in South Korea  SEOUL, July 22 (AFP)  US Undersecretary of State Robert Gallucci left here for Tokyo Friday after two days of consultations held in anticipation of the resumption of Washington-Pyongyang talks in Geneva early next month.
His departure came hours after the White House announced that agreement in principle had been reached between the United States and North Korea to resume talks on North Korea's suspect nuclear program early in August.
The talks, designed to seek an accurate view of the North's suspect nuclear program and improve links between the two countries, were suspended after the death of North Korean president Kim Il-Sung July 8.
President Bill Clinton spoke of a "human  catastrophe" after the fighting left more than two million people displaced.
(AFP)     SARAJEVO: An international peace plan for Bosnia appeared on the verge of  collapse as the Bosnian government withdrew its endorsement after Bosnian  Serbs refused to accept it outright.
(AFP)     STRASBOURG: The European Parliament narrowly approved Jacques Santer as  the new chief of the European Union, after threatening to reject him, in a  sign that the assembly intended to use its new powers.
Aid group CARE Australia said its offices were swamped with calls after it appealed for doctors and nurses to volunteer for work in camps along the Zaire-Rwanda border.
RPF officers told AFP the requisitioned property belonged to the "interahamwe", Hutu militamen blamed for the massacre of hundreds of thousands of the minority Tutsi tribe and government opponents after president Juvenal Habyarimana died when his plane was apparently shot down on April 6.
It urged those who were occupying the homes of others to look after them until the owners returned.
France Thursday sent a senior foreign ministry official, Bertrand Dufourcq, and an army general, Raymond Germanos, to Kigali for talks with the RPF leadership, covering in particular the guaranteed safety of the population after France ends its military-backed humanitarian mission in the southeast of the country.
Retailers and consumer electronics manufacturers are meanwhile celebrating, after Japan's coolest summer in four decades last year, which depressed sales and helped delay the economic recovery which had just begun to take shape.
Japan's top steelmaker Nippon Steel Corp., has cut steel sheet production at its Nagoya plant, after water supplies were reduced by 55 percent.
North Korea notified the South after the elder Kim's death that the summit had to be postponed, but no date has been set to arrange a new meeting.
The Chinese accusations come amid growing evidence of renewed tension between China and the United States less than two months after the resolution of their long-running dispute over Beijing's most favoured nation trade status.
The plane, which belonged to the Alas airline, exploded and burst in two pieces after taking off Tuesday on a flight to Panama City from the Atlantic port of Colon.
Kong and Gong were crowned after a five month search sponsored by the China Elderly People Association and an advertising company.
Clinton spoke of a "human catastrophe" after the fighting left more than two million people displaced.
Meanwhile Sarajevo airport remained closed Friday after automatic gunfire Thursday hit three UN planes and wounded a UN employee aboard one of them.
Beyond that, I really think we don't know," Lambertson said after the opening session.
Norway confiscates Greenpeace ship in whaling protest  OSLO, July 22 (AFP)  Norwegian authorities have confiscated a Greenpeace vessel, the Sirius, for an unspecified length of time after the boat and its crew tried to block Norwegian whalers in the North Sea, Greenpeace said Friday.
Talks between US and North Korean diplomats in Geneva were suspended after the death on July 8 of North Korean president Kim Il-Sung.
This and almost routine off-side play, as well as a consistent failure to retreat 10 metres after penalties have been awarded, suggests the Springboks could do well to read rugby's comprehensive rule book.
Centre Japie Mulder will make his test debut, after an encouraging performance against Waikato, his only appearance since joining the tour as a replacement last week.
Last year, the British Lions roared back after dropping a tight first test in Christchurch, to level the series with an excellent 20-7 victory over the All Blacks.
She said the wedding took place on March 27, about a month after she was freed.
Singh said he fell in love with Devi during a visit to the Gwalior jail, where she was incarcerated after giving herself up to the authorities in 1983.
She sought sanctuary in the Chambal ravines, the heartland of banditry, after gunning down 22 men to avenge her gang-rape and the murder of her paramour by upper-caste Hindus.
(new series) Mandela says he'll meet RENAMO leader after all  MAPUTO, July 22 (AFP)  Visiting South African President Nelson Mandela said here Friday he was scheduled to meet key opposition leader and former rebel chief Afonso Dhlakama, after an earlier report the meeting had been cancelled.
"I don't know that my meeting with Mr. Dhlakama has been cancelled," Mandela said on the last day of his state visit, after a breakfast with Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe.
Mandela arrived Wednesday on a two-day official visit to Mozambique, which is to hold its first multi-party elections in October after years of civil war.
Christopher had spoken of "new hope" for Syria-Israeli peace after he began his Middle East peace mission on Monday.
Irritants remain in Sino-US ties despite MFN resolution by Tiffany Bown  BEIJING, July 22 (AFP)  Less than two months after the resolution of a long-running row over MFN put Sino-US ties back on track, renewed bickering over other trade issues is threatening the atmosphere of cooperation.
The three winners will be joined in the semi-finals by former world champion Anatoly Karpov, FIDE's top-ranked player after Garry Kasparov was stripped of the title when he formed the breakaway Professional Chess Association (PCA).
Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres said Thursday after talks with the Egyptian leader that Mubarak would go to Damascus on Sunday.
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher was meeting Assad again Friday after two rounds of talks in Damascus Tuesday in a whirl of shuttle diplomacy.
British defence minister pessimistic on Bosnia  LONDON, July 22 (AFP)  British Defence Minister Malcolm Rifkind said Friday he was pessimistic about the situation in Bosnia after Bosnian Serbs rejected an international peace plan, but ruled out the immediate lifting of an arms embargo.
International mediators have convened a meeting in Geneva for July 30 to consider reactions to the Serb rejection which could include slapping tougher sanctions after the Serbs imposed a stream of conditions they wanted fulfilled before they would accept the plan.
The airport in Sarajevo also remained closed after automatic gunfire Thursday hit three UN planes and wounded a UN employee aboard one of them.
Under the September self-rule deal, it was agreed to postpone negotiations on Jerusalem until after two years of autonomy.
Touchdown has been tentatively pushed back to 8:22 a.m. (1222 GMT), after offshore storms were detected within 55.5 kilometers (34.5 miles) of the Kennedy Space Center, a violation of landing rules set down by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
Christopher cancels visit to Egypt  CAIRO, July 22 (AFP)  US Secretary of State Warren Christopher on Friday cancelled a planned stopover in Egypt after his visit to Damascus and will head straight back to Washington, foreign ministry officials said.
The competition has been renamed Fed Cup and in the new format the top eight nations in the world group and another eight in group one will play off on a home or away basis with matches decided over two days after four singles and a doubles.
Until now ties have been decided in a single day after two singles and a doubles.
At a news conference after talks with South Korean counterpart Han Sung-Joo, Ouellet said Canada and other unspecified countries were ready to take part in a multilateral program to assist the people of North Korea.
Negotiations for the sale of broadcast rights to the 2000 Games could be held before or after Atlanta, Payne said.
Singapore rubber prices rise sharply  SINGAPORE, July 22 (AFP)  Singapore rubber futures prices finished sharply higher Friday after a roller coaster ride and buyers rushed to cover short positions while sellers were absent, dealers said.
Deng Lisheng, from the southwestern city of Nanning in Guangxi province, was sentenced to death after being arrested in Shanghai in October carrying 305.5 grammes of heroin that he planned to sell at a nightclub, the report said, adding that police later discovered a further 44.5 grammes.
"We have asked for the security of people in the security zone to be guaranteed after the French troops leave" Dufourcq said.
Israelis shoot 10 Palestinians after bomb blasts shake Hebron  HEBRON, West Bank, July 22 (AFP)  Israeli troops shot and wounded 10 Palestinians during clashes in Hebron on Friday after three explosions rocked the Jewish quarter of the occupied city, witnesses and army officials said.
Soldiers had opened fire after being pelted with stones as Palestinians left mosques following Friday prayers, witnesses said.
The violence came after three home-made bombs exploded in the Jewish area and a fourth device was lobbed at an army patrol in the nearby village of Halhul.
Meanwhile the army also imposed a curfew on the Arab village of Husan after armed settlers attacked Arab homes following stone throwing overnight.
Murayama's visit also comes after hints by visiting Canadian Foreign Minister Andre Ouellet that multilateral talks were underway on the "carrot" to be offered North Korea if and when it assures nuclear transparency.
"I have indications that at the end of these negotiations it will be necessary to establish a program of cooperation involving a number of countries," Ouellet said after meeting with South Korean Foreign Minister Han Sung-Joo.
Gallucci, who left Seoul Friday for talks on North Korea in Tokyo, said after meeting with Han and senior South Korean officials Thursday that the agreed-on freeze on North Korea's suspect nuclear program was a precondition for the resumption of the Geneva talks.
The shrine is dedicated to some 3.1 million Japanese soldiers killed in war since 1867, including those convicted as war criminals after World War II.
It was the first official announcement of hospital treatment of the president since he took power, after the execution of communist dictator Nicolae Ceausescu in the December 1989 uprising.
The posthumous title was conferred on 27-year-old Wu Bing, almost three years after he was shot to death chasing an armed robber through the streets of Hubei's provincial capital, Wuhan.
Malaysian businessman admits misplacing Standard Chartered coin  KUALA LUMPUR, July 22 (AFP)  A Malaysian businessman has admitted that he received but later misplaced a Standard Chartered Plc gold coin worth 10,000 dollars, reported by the British media to have gone missing after being lent as a sample to a minister.
Steven Goh, who three years ago was in the delegation sent by Standard Chartered's Hong Kong-based Mocatta division to meet the minister, Ghani Othman, confirmed taking back the coin from Ghani soon after their meeting at the end of 1991.
Ghani, then deputy finance minister but now the minister of youth and sports, on Thursday said he had returned the coin to Goh shortly after it was given to him by a representative of the bank's Mocatta division as a sample at the end of 1991.
US Defense Secretary William Perry was forced to cancel a visit here Friday after the airport was closed following the sniper fire.
The shooting started shortly after 10 a.m. when one UN Antonov-26 took a burst of machine gun fire as it came in to land.
"We are tremendously excited about this new format," said the ITF's Fed Cup Executive Director Debbie Jevans after the draw.
Christopher announced after the meeting the two neighbours had reached a series of draft accords to boost tourism, including opening up their border to foreign nationals at the Red Sea.
Soldiers kill one, wound 15 West Bankers  HEBRON, West Bank, July 22 (AFP)  Israel troops shot dead a Palestinian and wounded 15 more during clashes in the West Bank towns of Nablus and Hebron after Friday prayers, witnesses said.
Mahmud Mohammad Kareen, 28, took a bullet in the back and five others were wounded after trouble erupted as Palestinians threw stones after leaving the mosques in Nablus, witnesses said.
In Hebron, 10 Palestinians were wounded during post-prayer violence which came after three explosions rocked the Jewish quarter of the occupied city, witnesses and army officials said.
Soldiers opened fire after being pelted with stones, witnesses said.
The violence came after three home-made bombs exploded in the Jewish area and a fourth device was lobbed at an army patrol in the nearby village of Halhul.
Meanwhile the army also imposed a curfew on the Arab village of Husan after armed settlers attacked Arab homes following stone-throwing overnight.
The secretary had spoken of "new hope" for Syria-Israeli peace after he began his Middle East peace mission on Monday.
Chief Abiola, a Moslem publishing tycoon widely believed to have won the country's first free presidential elections in June 1993, was arrested this past June 23 after proclaiming himself president on the anniversary of the poll.
    July 22 (AFP) -  We will move the following features:     METANGULA,     Mozambique:      By train, bus, boat and bicycle the                      world's biggest flood of returning                      refugees is making its way back to the                      world's poorest country for Mozambique's                      first elections after decades of war.
World's biggest flood of returning refugees seeks peace through poll by Lawrence Bartlett  METANGULA, Mozambique July 22 (AFP)  By train, bus, boat and bicycle the world's biggest flood of returning refugees is making its way back to the world's poorest country for Mozambique's first elections after decades of war.
"It's a business, after all," he said.
Clinton spoke of a "human catastrophe" after the fighting left more than two million people displaced.
Israel reopens border with Gaza by Hassan Jouini  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 22 (AFP)  Israel reopened its border with Gaza on Friday five days after it was sealed following riots which killed two and wounded dozens in the worst violence since the launch of self-rule.
He said the delay would allow staff at Aqaba to "set up the necessary administratives measures" after Lloyds took over the inspection of goods looking for banned products heading for Baghdad.
The United States agreed in April to allow marine inspections to be replaced with a quayside control after Jordan said it had lost about 1.3 billion dollars because of reduced trade through its only port.
Christopher had been expected to give a press conference but instead headed to the US embassy after the three-hour meeting and was due to fly back to Washington at the end of a five-day Middle East tour.
The secretary had spoken of "new hope" for Syria-Israeli peace after he began his Middle East peace mission in Israel on Monday and before meeting Assad on Tuesday.
Jon Venables and Robert Thompson, who were 10 years old when they abducted, tortured and killed the toddler, were sentenced after their conviction last year to serve "at Her Majesty's pleasure," leaving it to Howard to decide the sentence.
Afghan warlord shackled Pakistani, Chinese hostages by Sami Zubeiri  ISLAMABAD, July 22 (AFP)  Pakistani and Chinese hostages released by an Afghan warlord after 13 months of captivity Friday said they were fettered by their abductors who offered them poor food and provided no medical help.
Pakistani Ambassador to Afghanistan Amir Usman said the release came after intense negotiations.
(BBC) a defendant -- accused the home (interior) ministry of "deliberate negligence" after an arrest warrant was issued last month against Nasreen on a charge of offending Moslem feeling.
Nasreen, a 32-year-old doctor-turned-writer, went into hiding last month after a Dhaka court issued the arrest warrant against her.
He said the young writer was free to leave Bangladesh, like any other Bangladeshi, after facing due legal process.
Christopher ends tour with no sign of Syria-Israel breakthrough  DAMASCUS, July 22 (AFP)  US Secretary of State Warren Christopher left for Washington on Friday after talks with President Hafez al-Assad that produced no sign of a breakthrough in Syria's difficult negotiations with Israel.
Salinas moved to clarify the remarks Thursday after the daily Reforma reported that he had said "a legitimate triumph by the opposition would be a victory not only for it but for Mexico" in an interview with Frank del Olmo and 10 other US reporters.
Official radio also reported UNITA shelling of Ndalatando, northeast of the capital Luanda, which was recaptured by government troops in May after a year in rebel hands.
"This means that UNITA will only be able to participate in government nine months after the completion of the Lusaka protocols, because this is the time that has been given for the demobilisation and quartering exercise," said one source.
"UNITA is therefore stressing that their participation in government should be soon after the completion of the Lusaka protocols and government is also adamantly not ready for this and it is major hitch to the talks," the source added.
Issues on which the two sides appear ready to agree without difficulty are that they will declare mutual pardons 15 days after the signing of the peace agreement, and that an information campaign on the peace agreement will start in Angola soon after the completion of the Lusaka protocol.
Discussions on the modalities of national reconciliation began after the two sides abandoned negotiations on another crucial issue of power-sharing after failing to decide who should be governor of the rebel group's stronghold of Huambo.
Raython will head a consortium of 25 companies -- four of them Brazilian -- building the Amazon Monitoring System over the next eight years, according to an official statement issued late Thursday after a meeting here between President Itamar Franco and ministers involved in the project.
Sudbury, Massachusetts-based Raytheon was chosen over Thomson-Alcatel of France in the bidding, and approved after a six-month study by Franco, the secretariat of strategic affairs, the Central Bank and the ministries of aeronautics, science and technology and of the environment.
The government refused to publish the results of the elections and resumed full power in November last year after handing over briefly to an interim civilian administration.
Dahuk province has been without power since June 20, after Turkey cut off electricity supplies, making it impossible to draw water from generator-driven wells.
Christopher flew back to Damascus on Friday morning after talks in Israel with Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin.
Beyond that, I really think we don't know," he said after the ASEAN opening.
The efforts came a day after US President Bill Clinton pledged tens of millions of dollars more aid to cope with the catastrophe caused by Rwanda's three months of tribal conflict.
Taxi driver returns World Cup gold  LOS ANGELES, July 22 (AFP)  Brazil's World Cup hero, goalkeeper Claudio Taffarel, almost let one get away after winning football's biggest prize when he left his victory medal and 60,000 dollars in cash behind in a taxi.
Taffarel, whose save in the World Cup Final penalty shoot-off set up the win over Italy, left the medal and the cash in a money belt in the taxi on Monday, the day after the World Cup win in the Rose Bowl, Pasadena.
But the Brazilian goaltender again had luck on his side, because the taxi driver, Juan Blanco, turned out to be a football fanatic originally from Mexico who turned to support Brazil after his own team were eliminated.
(AFP)     DAMASCUS: US Secretary of State Warren Christopher left for Washington  after talks with President Hafez al-Assad produced no sign of a breakthrough  in Syria's difficult negotiations with Israel.
(AFP)      SARAJEVO: Tension mounted in Sarajevo after Serb forces fired at three UN  planes over the city's airport, forcing US Defense Secretary William Perry to  cancel a visit here after the airport was closed following the sniper fire.
Shortly after trading opened, the Dow Jones Index of 30 leading industrials was down 2.59 points (0.07 percent) at 3,729.86 points.
IBM gained ground Thursday after it announced good quarterly results, but dealers traded in for profit-taking on the shares Friday.
They gave up without a struggle after Interior Minister Shota Kviraia went to the scene to negotiate with the four men.
Christopher, Assad end talks with no sign of breakthrough by Hala Boncompagni  DAMASCUS, July 22 (AFP)  US Secretary of State Warren Christopher left here for Washington on Friday after talks with President Hafez al-Assad with no sign of a breakthrough to unblock Syria's peace talks with Israel.
Ghani received the coin from Standard Chartered's Hong Kong-based Mocatta division as a trade sample in 1991 when he was deputy finance minister, but said Thursday he had returned it to a representative of the bank shortly after viewing it.
Striking Nigerian workers walkout of meeting with government  LAGOS, July 22 (AFP)  Leaders of striking oil workers walked out of talks with Nigeria's military government Friday after the government failed to produce the detained leader of one of the main striking unions, a union official said.
The woman, who was not identified, put the baby in the freezer alive half-an-hour after it was born four years ago, judicial sources said.
The sources said she admitted to having killed two other babies after she gave birth in 1988 and 1989.
Organisers have regretted Graf's decision to play an exhibition tournament in the United States this week after declining selection for the German team because she wanted to rest after her shock first round defeat at Wimbledon.
And ITF President Brian Tobin confirmed after Friday's draw for the 1995 competition, that players who compete in exhibition events on Cup weekends next year would face "substantial fines."
Freed Chinese, Pakistani hostages arrive from Kabul (incorporating Pakistan-hostages-ordeal)  ISLAMABAD, July 22 (AFP)  Two Chinese and seven of eight Pakistani hostages arrived here Friday from Kabul, where they were released after being held for more than a year by an Afghan warlord.
German fans boo Stich after defeat  STUTTGART, Germany, July 22 (AFP)  German tennis fans booed their world number three Michael Stitch off the court after he was dumped out of the million-dollar Mercedes Open here on Friday.
Spain's Miguel Indurain retained the leader's jersey after the uphill dash from Cluses.
The 10-kilogramme (22-pound) bomb was found after the Turkish-US base had received a warning.
The force monitors the Kurdish-controlled region of northern Iraq established after the February 1991 Gulf war in defiance of Baghdad.
He said the economic reforms put in place in July 1991, a month after P.V. Narasimha Rao became India's ninth premier, had brought about "a sea change and an upsurge in the country's economic destiny."
On Thursday, western powers threatened to slap more sanctions on the Bosnian Serbs after what was generally interpreted as their refusal to accept the plan, which mediators from the European Union, Russia and the United States had presented on a take-it-or-leave-it basis.
He left Damascus for Washington on Friday after three hours of talks with Syrian President Hafez al-Assad that produced no sign of a breakthrough to unblock Syrian-Israeli peace talks.
US officials said he boarded a plane for Washington after holding his third round of talks with Assad in a week.
IBM gained ground Thursday after it announced good quarterly results, but dealers traded in for profit-taking on the shares Friday.
                    President Bill Clinton due to speak on Rwanda                     at 1505 GMT                     Rwanda-US                     600 words around 1615 GMT     DAMASCUS:       US Secretary of State Warren                     Christopher leaves for Washington                     after talks with President Hafez                     al-Assad with no sign of a breakthrough                     to unblock Syria's peace talks with Israel.
There may be pieces in the comet train that so far have gone unseen but may be detected after impact, he said.
Georgian President Eduard Shevardnadze, a professed atheist for most of his career, was baptised in the Georgian church at the end of 1992, taking the name "Georgy", after the country's patron saint, Saint George.
Mary Joe Fernandez beat Petra Ritter 6-2, 6-4 and Lindsay Davenport recovered after a slow start to beat experienced Judith Wiesner 2-6, 6-2, 6-2.
Ugrumov is new Tour hero  MORZINE AVORIAZ, France, July 22 (AFP)  The Tour de France was celebrating a new hero on Friday after Russia's Piotr Ugrumov crushed Miguel Indurain in a 47km time trial, and won his second stage in as many days.
In trouble right from the start, Virenque burst into tears soon after crossing the line.
Mozambique is scheduled to hold its first multi-party elections in October after 16 years of war between the government and RENAMO (Mozambique National Resistance).
Dhlakama has recently argued in favour of a South African-style government of national unity in Mozambique after the elections -- an idea thus far rejected by Chissano, who is confident of winning.
Mandela told journalists that after a 48-hour visit to Mozambique "I am most worried about demobilisation, voter registration and other sensitive problems" troubling the nation's two-year-old peace process.
Juppe, speaking after a meeting between Ciller and Prime Minister Edouard Balladur, said he was convinced of Turkey's "European vocation" and that France would do everything it could to help Turkey to assume it.
Khoei had administered the London-based foundation after his father's death in August 1992 and had lobbied for the release of about 100 clergymen detained since March 1991.
Dixon claimed NPFL forces attacked AFL positions shortly after dawn Tuesday and the fighting lasted two hours before AFL forces repelled the NPFL.
reopens (STUTTGART) French Open finalist Alberto Berasategui emerged as the highest surviving seed after easily disposing of Russian Yevgeny Kafelnikov in the quarter-finals.
He will, however, be allowed to live in the palace's private apartment's after his father's death, and will continue to receive a comfortable stipend from the family fortune, one of Britain's richest.
The duke and trustees said in a joint statement after the court ruling: "Over the last 10 years the trustees and the Duke have become increasingly concerned as to the fitness of Lord Blandford to exercise the powers of management as tenant for life of the estates when he succeeds his father to the Dukedom.
Birds threaten Somalia's first bumper harvest  NAIROBI, July 22 (AFP)  Millions of grain-eating quelea-quelea birds have infested Somalia's main grain growing regions of Bay and Bakool, seriously threatening to wipe out the country's first bumper harvest after years of a bloody civil war, the UN announced here Friday.
Before the quelea birds were first sighted in Bay and Bakool three weeks ago after an investigation by an expert of the UN Food and Agricultural Organisation (FAO), the two regions, which are the granary of Somalia, was expecting the best sorghum harvest in in years.
Government sources said Spain had waited until after Greece's six- month tenure of the rotating European Union (EU) presidency, which expired at the end of June, to make the move.
Oil workers union official walk out of talks with government by Ade Obesisan  LAGOS, July 22 (AFP)  Leaders of striking oil workers Friday walked out of talks with Nigeria's military government after it failed to release a union boss and jailed opposition leader Moshood Abiola, a senior union official said.
Officials of the National Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG) staged the walk-out after the government failed to produce the union's national secretary Frank Ovie Kokori, who was arrested at his home on July 6, a senior union official said.
Widely believed to have won presidential elections held in June 1993, but subsequently annulled by the military, Abiola is in detention awaiting trial on treason charges after declaring the military government illegal and declaring himself head of state in June.
(repetition correcting slug) Oil workers union official walk out of talks with government by Ade Obesisan  LAGOS, July 22 (AFP)  Leaders of striking oil workers Friday walked out of talks with Nigeria's military government after it failed to release a union boss and jailed opposition leader Moshood Abiola, a senior union official said.
Officials of the National Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG) staged the walk-out after the government failed to produce the union's national secretary Frank Ovie Kokori, who was arrested at his home on July 6, a senior union official said.
Widely believed to have won presidential elections held in June 1993, but subsequently annulled by the military, Abiola is in detention awaiting trial on treason charges after declaring the military government illegal and declaring himself head of state in June.
Meanwhile Liverpool's Danish defender Torben Piechnik has failed to agree personal terms with French second division club Bastia after being given a free transfer by the Anfield side.
Algerian woman wins refugee status after Islamic persecution  PARIS, July 22 (AFP)  A 23-year-old Algerian woman who fled her country because of Islamic fundamentalist persecution won refugee status in France on Friday, ending a two-year battle.
Pierce, 19, and playing for the first time since her tearful last- minute withdrawal from Wimbledon, looked exhausted after the match, during which she had received treatment after feeling ill in the fifth game of the second set.
Oil workers union official walk out of talks with government by Ade Obesisan  LAGOS, July 22 (AFP)  Leaders of striking oil workers Friday walked out of talks with Nigeria's military government after it failed to release a union boss and jailed opposition leader Moshood Abiola, a senior union official said.
Officials of the National Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG) staged the walk-out after the government failed to produce the union's national secretary Frank Ovie Kokori, who was arrested at his home on July 6, a senior union official said.
(new series) No new action over Bosnia before contact group meeting: Perry  ZAGREB, July 22 (AFP)  The international community will take no new action over Bosnia until after the scheduled July 30 meeting of the contact group which drafted the peace plan, US Defence Secretary William Perry said here Friday.
Speaking to journalists after talks here with Bosnian Prime Minister Haris Silajdzic, Perry said new moves would take their cue from foreign ministers of the contact group countries -- Britain, France, Germany, Russia and the United States.
Perry, who aborted a trip to Sarajevo after shelling Thursday of aircraft above the city by Serb gunners forced the airport's closure, also confirmed a possible lifting of the arms embargo for the benefit of Moslem-led Bosnian government forces.
Government again suspends rights in Venezuela  CARACAS, July 22 (AFP)  The Venezuelan government said Friday it had again suspended constitutional rights less than 24 hours after the Congress agreed to ease the restrictions.
Police suspended after allegedly beating up Israeli  HANOVER, Germany, July 22 (AFP)  Three German policemen were suspended Friday after accusations by an Israeli student that they beat him up after he complained that they were making too much noise at a party, police announced.
(DONINGTON) American John Kocinski, the only rider other than Schwantz and Doohan to have won a Grand Prix this year, had to be content with fifth place, after Spain's Alberto Puig pinched fourth with his final lap of the session.
But while Fogarty walked away shaking his head after falling, Japanese teenager Norifumi Abe was less fortunate, breaking his right hand and suffering slight concussion to be ruled out of Sunday's race.
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's highly controversial governmental decree later limited custody in cases of presumed corruption but was then withdrawn after a public outcry.
The Belgian franc was steady at 20.57 for one mark after the news that it was shaving five hundredths of a point of its central rate to 4.85 percent.
The plane was the only one to use the Sarajevo airport Friday after the suspension order that came after two consecutive days of shooting on UN planes.
Doubles win puts France through  FRANKFURT, Germany, July 22 (AFP)  France scraped into the semi-finals of the Federation Cup here late Friday when they beat Bulgaria 2-1 after snatching a dramatic three- set win in the doubles at the Waldstadion.
Her loss came after Julie Halard had given France a 1-0 lead when she beat Katerina Maleeva 3-6, 6-3, 6-2.
Pharmaceuticals were strong with Wellcome up 18 pence to 634 after it announced steady 10-month results of 488.1 million pounds.
In a mixed banking sector, Standard Chartered dropped 13 pence to 255 after two of its managing directors resigned from its brokerage unit Standard Chartered Securities.
Foods group United Biscuits rose seven pence to 316 on new rumours of a takeover while Eurotunnel rose 16 pence to 290 after plans for its operations became clear.
Thousands march through Gaza in support of Palestinian workers  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 22 (AFP)  Some 10,000 demonstrators marched through Gaza City Friday in solidarity with Palestinian workers after Israel reopened the Erez border checkpoint, scene of bloody clashes last Sunday.
Talks between US and North Korean diplomats in Geneva over Pyongyang's fabrication of nuclear weapons were suspended after the death on July 8 of North Korean president Kim Il-Sung.
South Africa's first innings total of 357 had looked an achievable target when England skipper Michael Atherton's new-look batting order prepared for battle shortly after lunch on the second day.
But after just half-an-hour the Lancastrian was undone with his bat crooked and away from his body as he nicked to third slip.
Shell Transport and Trading gained six pence to 742, Burmah Castrol rose eight pence to 884 and BP rose 4.5 pence to 412.5. Pharmaceuticals group Wellcome rose 29 pence to 634 after losing 10 pence the prevoius day.
Glaxo lost 14 pence to 574 after it said it had started court action against Canadian group Novopharm over alleged breach of patent.
Gold price fluctuated in line with the speculation on the US market, falling Tuesday after a speech by US Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan and rising later in the week.
Zinc prices fell back after their surge the previous week, depressed by the failure of an expected pick up in demand and a rise in LME stocks, up 10,525 tonnes to 211,575 tonnes.
Montgomerie recited a string of statistics after charging through the back nine in 31.
Olazabal, however, still hopes to give himself a winning send off to the US after shooting a 66 for an eight-under aggregate of 136.
But Jimenes remained the leading Spaniard after recovering from a double bogey at the short 13th with an eagle at the 16th to card 68.
But the 22-year-old, who opened with a 66, should have done better after starting his secone round with four successive birdies to swoop 10 below par.
New Zealand's Frank Nobil was within striking distance three strokes off the pace after carding a 66 while Paul Moloney is the best placed Australian on 138 after a successive rounds of 69.
English cricket scores  LONDON, July 22 (AFP)  Scores after second day of English county championship matches on Friday: Durham University: Durham 225 (S J E Brown 69, M Saxelby 53, W Larkins 53, V J Wells 5-50), Leicestershire 406-9 (J J Whitaker 107, V J Wells 77, B F Smith 59).
Top four make it through...just by Keith Dickson  FRANKFURT, Germany, July 22 (AFP)  France scraped into the semi-finals of the Federation Cup late Friday when they snatched a 2-1 victory over Bulgaria after a sweltering day at the Waldstadion.
But first they had to count the wounded after a day of shocks and surprises on the tiny outside court which was more like a cauldron as the day wore on.
She needed a time-out after suffering from stomach pains in the sixth game of the second set but fought all the way before going down 7-6 (8/6), 4-6, 4-6 in a 2hr 36min marathon.
Pierce's defeat, coming after a hard-fought three set victory by Julie Halard over Katerina Maleeva, left the tie on a knife-edge.
Graf had declined selection for the German team, saying that she wanted to rest after her shock first round defeat at Wimbledon.
Mary Joe Fernandez beat Petra Ritter 6-2, 6-4 and Lindsay Davenport recovered after a slow start to beat experienced Judith Wiesner 2-6, 6-2, 6-2.
Tapie was removed after eight years as Olympique Marseille president and the club demoted to the second division after being implicated in bribing three Valenciennes players before a match which helped clinch Marseille's fifth successive league title.
It was the only plane to use the airport Friday after it was closed following attacks against three other UN planes Thursday.
The report came three days after Algeria's outlawed Islamic Salvation Front (FIS) condemned the "kidnappings" and blamed the incident on the government.
There have been no claims of responsibility after their disappearance, and police have given no details on their search for the diplomats.
                    Rwanda-cholera                     500 words moved     CARACAS:        President Rafael Caldera, clashing with a restive                     Congress, reimposes curbs on consitutional                     rights less than a day after the legislature                     restored all but one of them.
                    Argentina-blast, new series                     600 words around 2230 GMT     DAMASCUS:       US Secretary of State Warren                     Christopher leaves for Washington                     after talks with President Hafez                     al-Assad with no sign of a breakthrough                     to unblock Syria's peace talks with Israel.
Venezuelan government again suspends rights by Jorge Calmet Wagner  CARACAS, July 22 (AFP)  President Rafael Caldera, clashing with a restive Congress, reimposed curbs on consitutional rights Friday less than a day after the legislature restored all but one of them.
Latvian parliament softens law on provision of citizenship  RIGA, July 22 (AFP)  Latvia's parliament Friday amended its tough law on citizenship, adopted on June 21, in the face of international criticism led by Moscow and after President Guntis Ulmanis refused to approve it.
Moscow had threatened to "reconsider" ties with Riga after the first version of the law was passed.
But Friday's vote did little to dispel the political crisis into which the country has slipped following last week's resignation of Prime Minister Valdis Birkavs and his cabinet after his coalition collapsed over rows on economic policy.
Autorities have interrogated an Iraqi, Adan Mohammed Yousif, who was detained shortly after the bombing.
IBM, which saw its share prices rise Thursday after releasing better than expected quarterly reports, dropped 1 to 61-3/8.
The chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, General John Shalikashvili, said the model for it would be Operation Provide Comfort to aid Kurdish refugees in northern Iraq after the Gulf War.
The problem is that the United Nations has been unable to find countries to contribute troops to the 5,500-strong UN force needed in Kigali, where rebels of the Rwanda Patriotic Front (RPF) have installed a new government after three months of choas.
But that humanitarian mission turned sour, and Clinton, who supported the intervention, learned a lesson: after 18 US servicemen were killed in a battle with warlords in  Mogadishu, Clinton ordered the US force out.
But his remarks did succeed in pushing up the dollar and calming the bond market where there had been major sell-offs Wednesday sparked by a rise in interest rates after Greenspan left the door open to a new tightening in the money supply.
Burma's Foreign Minister Ohn Gyaw told journalists Friday his country had no human rights problem -- only 24 hours after soldiers attacked the Halockhani civilian refugee camp on the border with Thailand, Amnesty International reported.
Joyner-Kersee fouled on four of her six attempts, but rallied after Drechsler had taken the lead in the fifth round.
The report came three days after Algeria's outlawed Islamic Salvation Front (FIS) condemned the "kidnappings" and blamed the incident on the government.
"By making new mistakes, we pay more, but we always pay for our past," added Solzhenitsyn, who has not spared any criticism of the present government since his return to Russia on May 27 after 20 years of exile.
Shoemaker, asked whether he and his co-discoverers felt let down after the final fragment crashed, said, "It's hard to lose a comet but it's done such a beautiful job it's hard to be sad."
Speaking in New York after briefing the UN Security Council and Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali, the Norwegian diplomat said "hopes the coming days will produce results with a basis for an accord."
Immediately after play resumed he missed a six-foot putt for birdie at his ninth hole.
Abacha rose to power after the former military government of General Ibrahim Babangida voided the results of general elections a year ago, which were intended to return the country to civilian rule.
The NPFL, which set the conflict off in 1989, still controls large swathes of the centre of the country but in the east and south it is fighting an armed militia called the Liberia Peace Council (LPC), created after the Cotonou accord and supported by the AFL.
Venezuelan government again suspends rights by Jorge Calmet Wagner  CARACAS, July 22 (AFP)  President Rafael Caldera, clashing with a restive Congress, reimposed curbs on constitutional rights Friday less than a day after the legislature restored all but one of them.
Black, raised on an avacado farm where his father has five courts, will face Edberg after eliminating Sweden's Thomas Enqvist 7-5, 6-4.
Rain stopped them again, but Stoltenberg won after only seven points once play resumed.
In the clubhouse, Amy Alcott and Tammie Green were on 138, Alcott after a second-round 67 and Green a 72 on the Indianwood Golf and Country Club Old Course.
(AFP)     CARACAS: President Rafael Caldera, clashing with a restive Congress,  reimposed curbs on constitutional rights less than a day after the legislature  restored all but one of them.
Meanwhile in Belgrade, a furore erupted in the Serbian parliament after the assembly voted to exclude the leader of the parliamentary group of the militant nationalist Serbian Radical Party (SRS), Tomislav Nikolic.
China condemns Taiwan over death of mainland fishermen  BEIJING, July 23 (AFP)  China blamed rival Taiwan on Saturday for the death of 12 mainland fishermen who drowned in a typhoon earlier this month after being refused shelter by the Taiwanese authorities.
According to Taiwan, the fishermen drowned when they tried to swim ashore after their offshore workers' dormitory sank as Typhoon Tim struck the area on July 10.
Murayama and Kim are expected to discuss the situation on the Korean peninsula after the death of North Korean president Kim Il-Sung on July 8.
The move came after Kim Il-Sung's funeral passed off Tuesday with no sign of any extraordinary military movement in the North, he said.
The victims were all Shiite Moslems who were targetted shortly after leaving an early morning prayer gathering at the city's central district, a police official said.
The driver was was missing and was believed to have driven the bus away after the attack, the official said.
But three minutes later, Timu crashed down in the left hand corner after taking a brilliant pass from Frank Bunce and charging for the South African touch.
But after 20 minutes Van Rensburg was punished for carrying the ball over his own touch and New Zealand produced a classic try from the scrum.
Howarth got his name on the score sheet just after the break with a penalty.
Referee Brian Stirling, from Belfast, gave South Africa a controversial penalty in front of the post with 15 minutes to play after being tipped off by the linesman about a late tackle.
Speaking here after two days of talks in Beijing, she left no doubt that Washington expects China to give significant ground on thorny trade issues before it can hope to join to the world trade body.
The pacifist constitution, promulgated after World War II, prohibits Japan from sending troops overseas to settle international disputes.
In a joint statement for release after their two-day annual meeting scheduled to close late Saturday, the ASEAN ministers from Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore and Thailand reiterate support for free trade.
Washington last month named China as a priority country under the US Trade Act's Super 301 provision, which calls for a six-month investigation, with a possible 90-day extension, after which sanctions will be imposed.
The environmentalist group claimed the protest - to block a shipment of uranium oxide from the harbour - was a success although the ship was able to leave Sydney's Port Botany after only a slight delay to its schedule.
A police spokesman said the protesters had been allowed to leave after being briefly detained and charges would not be laid.
EU close to cooperation accord with Vietnam  HANOI, July 23 (AFP)  The European Union is expected to sign an economic cooperation agreement with Vietnam before the end of the year after resolving problems on the wording of a human rights clause, commissioner Hans van den Broek said Saturday.
He also said the EU is to open a permanent mission in Hanoi at the beginning of next year, four years after establishing formal ties.
Winger John Timu took a pass a full pace after third phase possession and scored in the corner.
Mohammad Taghi al-Khoei had commanded considerable influence in the Shiite community in Iraq, especially after the death of his father who was considered the highest Shiite authority in the country.
The comment came after US Secretary of State Warren Christopher ended a shuttle mission between Syria and Israel with no sign of a breakthrough in unblocking their stalled negotiations.
Christopher ended a five-day tour of the region on Friday without any significant breakthrough after meeting for the third time with Syrian President Hafez al-Assad.
Mitterrand, who retires after 14 years in power next May, was operated by endoscopic probe without general anesthetic on Monday to clear blockages in his urinary system caused by spread of the prostate cancer.
The regional seminar began Wednesday in a home for women on the edge of Bangkok after state-run Chulalongkorn University and a downtown hotel backed out of agreements to host it.
On Friday, a number of western countries announced increased aid to Rwanda after the United Nations issued a worldwide appeal because of a cholera epidemic sweeping Rwandan refugee camps in Zaire.
The issue came into the spotlight after the authorities issued an arrest warrant in June against Bangladeshi feminist writer Taslima Nasreen for commenting in a newspaper that Islam's holy book, the Koran, be revised.
Kim expressed his thanks for Clinton's message of condolence on behalf of the American people on the death of his father, and said he was looking forward to meeting the US president "someday," Pak told reporters here after returning from an 11-day stay in North Korea.
Space shuttle Columbia lands after record time in space  CAPE CANAVERAL, Florida, July 23 (AFP)  The US space shuttle Columbia landed with its seven-member crew here early Saturday after setting a shuttle record of 14 days, 17 hours and 55 minutes in space.
The spacecraft landed at 6:38 a.m. (1038 GMT), some 24 hours after its initial scheduled return Friday was delayed by stormy weather in Florida.
Kim expressed thanks for Clinton's message of condolonces on the death of his father, and said he was looking forward to meeting the US president "some day," Pak told reporters here after returning from an 11-day stay in North Korea.
Space shuttle Columbia lands after record time in space (picture)  CAPE CANAVERAL, Florida, July 23 (AFP)  The US space shuttle Columbia landed here safely Saturday bringing its seven-member crew home from a record-breaking science mission after storms forced a day-long delay.
The spacecraft landed at 6:38 a.m. (1038 GMT), some 24 hours after its initial scheduled return Friday was delayed by stormy weather in Florida.
But all the experimental subjects will be killed after the flight for dissection.
All members of the Commonwealth of Independent States, a loose confederation created after the collapse of the Soviet Union, will be invited to take part in the parade, defense officials said.
Damascus has constantly updated Beirut after each visit by Christopher.
England all-rounder Phillip DeFreitas banished the follow-on threat in just eight minutes as he crashed 20 runs off 12 balls to take his side past their first target of 157 to avoid batting again immediately, after they struggled to 141 for seven Friday.
The prisoners agreed to return to their cells after hour-long negotiations between inmates and prison officials.
Despite bright sunshine, a large number of spectators had to return home disappointed after the umpires decided that no play was possible due to wet conditions around the pitch.
The umpires reached their decision after three inspections of the pitch.
Kim made the statement while answering a question at a joint press conference with Japanese Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama at the presidential Blue House, which was held immediately after 50-minutes of talks.
The Murayama statement came after Kim Jong-Il told a Southern newspaper publisher this week  that he wanted to meet with US President Bill Clinton and to reactivate a first-ever inter-Korean summit with Kim Young-Sam.
But the South Korean president told the press conference that he was awaiting word from North Korea, which postponed the planned July 25-27 summit "with regret", after Kim Il-Sung died, reportedly of a heart attack.
Winston Lord, assistant secretary of state for East Asian affairs, said the United States was trying to use "quiet diplomacy" after weeks of threats of UN sanctions against North Korea, which Pyongyang said would be an act of war.
The Falls Church cemetery, modeled after the Korean Bong Bonn style, accomodates needs not met by Western-style cemeteries.
We will clean the dogs, comb their hairs after meals, and we put them on the tables."
In 1989, RMI President Amata Kabua stormed out of the Kiribati forum early after criticism over a proposal to use Bikini and Enewetak atolls, contaminated by 66 American atmospheric nuclear tests, to store municipal and toxic wastes from southern California.
Informed sources said the takeover began Friday when troops rebelled in support of demands for back pay owed after peacekeeping duties in Liberia.
The National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA) on Friday threatened to publicly execute the four men captured after it shot down a plane in Angola's northern Lunda-Norte province.
"It is a great pity, a tragedy, that after South Africa has achieved democracy, we still find reports of people from South Africa engaging in killing people in other lands," Nzo said.
The statement Saturday did not specify how long Iliescu would stay in hospital after his surgery Friday but earlier the president's office said he would be on holiday until August 19.
This is the first time official announcements have been made of hospital treatment for the president since he took power, after the execution of communist dictator Nicolae Ceausescu in the December 1989 uprising.
His cousin Mansour al-Shawa who was originally chosen stepped down after Arafat rejected his proposed list of council members, which included fundamentalist opponents.
Fresh wave of corruption arrests after decree ditched  ROME, July 23 (AFP)  Italian police made a wave of arrests Saturday and searched the offices of premier Silvio Berlusconi's Fininvest media group in a fresh clampdown linked to the country's massive anti-corruption probe, judicial officials said.
The series of arrests of senior political and business figures Saturday in the north and south of the country came just a day after the cabinet agreed on a new draft law reinstating judges' rights to detain corruption suspects in custody.
England, desperate to avoid further humilation after a run of poor results at Lord's, began the day in a more frenetic fashion.
Kim expressed thanks for Clinton's message of condolences on the death of his father, and said he was looking forward to meeting the US president "some day," Pak told reporters here after returning from an 11-day stay in North Korea.
Meanwhile, the Jiji Press news agency in Tokyo said Pak separately told South Korean journalists after the news conference that he had been entrusted with messages from Kim Jong-Il to Clinton and Kim Young-Sam.
Meanwhile, clashes between government forces and Moslem rebels to the north of Bihac town appeared to have subsided Saturday morning after heavy overnight fighting.
(AFP)     KIGALI: Rwanda's new Prime Minister Faustin Twagiramungu, a Hutu installed  by the Tutsi-led Rwandan Patriotic Front, renewed his call on refugees to  return home and vowed he would not be a puppet premier after aid agencies and  UN officials worried that the new Tutsi-dominated administration would brook  no opposition from returning members of the majority Hutu tribe.
(AFP)     BEIJING: North Korea's new leader-designate Kim Jong-Il wants to meet US  President Bill Clinton and is adamant that a summit between the two Koreas  should go ahead, South Korean publisher Pak Bo-Hi said here after private  talks with Kim in Pyongyang.
(AFP)     CAPE CANAVERAL, Florida: The US space shuttle Columbia landed here safely  at 6:38 a.m. (1038 GMT), bringing its seven-member crew home from a  record-breaking science mission after storms forced a day-long delay.
Southern breakaway leader Ali Salem al-Baid was born in the city, and moved his headquarters there from Aden shortly after civil war broke out on May 5.
Bomb shatters priceless art in Budapest's most famous church  BUDAPEST, July 23 (AFP)  Police launched a vast manhunt across Hungary Saturday after a bomb exploded at Budapest's most famous church, Saint Mathias, leaving hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of damage in the third such attack on a historic building in less than two months.
Observers noted that all three of the recent bombings came after the May elections which brought down a conservative government and gave power to a coalition of reformist ex-communists and liberals.
The instruments, a Stradivarius worth an estimated 1.75 million dollars and a Joseph Rocca, valued at 250,000 dollars, were snatched by a con artist who made his move after the car stopped with a flat tire.
Advertisements like this are sending alarm signals to the Kremlin and parliament, however, especially after some investment firms cheated unwitting investors of their money.
Americans go through as France fail again  FRANKFURT, Germany, July 23 (AFP)  The United States stormed into the Federation Cup final here on Saturday when they took an unbeatable 2-0 lead over France after the singles matches.
The London-based Al-Khoei Foundation, an Islamic charity, said that Khoei, its secretary general, was "killed after two years of constant harassment from the (Iraqi) regime."
Mohammad Taghi al-Khoei had commanded considerable influence in the Shiite community in Iraq, especially after the 1992 death of his father, considered the highest Shiite authority in the country.
                    France-air-travel,lead, moved     BUDAPEST:       Police launched a vast manhunt across Hungary                     after a bomb exploded at Budapest's most famous                     church, causing hundreds of thousands of dollars                     worth of damage in the third such attack on a                     historic building in less than two months.
King's Theatre avoids the drama  ASCOT, England, July 23 (AFP)  King's Theatre won one of Britain's richest horse-races, the 330,000 pounds King George and Queen Elizabeth Diamond Stakes, after jockey Michael Kinane swerved to avoid riderless horse Ezzoud, which had blocked favourite Erhaab.
Ezzoud's rider Walter Swinburn was taken off the course by ambulance after the horse unseated him on leaving the stalls and then caused havoc among the rest of the field towards the end of Britain's richest contest for horses of any age.
In a race run at a fierce gallop, Ezzoud veered across the whole field after they turned into the home straight, interfering first with Derby winner Erhaab, who was almost brought down.
Bizimungu, a Hutu, was appointed at the head of an ethnically-mixed administration formed by the RPF after the war ended.
He said isolated massacres were carried out soon after that, although the international community insisted on continuing with peace talks.
The war broke out after the April 6 crash in a suspected rocket attack of a plane carrying Hutu President Juvenal Habyarimana.
Two people were confirmed dead after a section of hillside in the Western district collapsed, while another five people were taken to hospital.
Police said Moslem guerrillas killed Ousterley after the American aroused their suspicion by photographing parts of Srinagar, urban hub of the Moslem secessionist drive.
Two people were confirmed dead after a section of hillside in the Western district collapsed, while another five people were taken to hospital.
Denied the opportunity to make England follow on, after the home side reached 180 all out in answer to South Africa's first innings 357, Kirsten and his partners at the crease instead settled for establishing an unbeatable position.
But, during Hick's next over, the opener was stumped for 44 by Steve Rhodes after moving down the pitch and being beaten by a little turn.
Peter Kirsten replaced him at the wicket to continue the run chase with first innings centurion Wessels after tea.
The rebel National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA) Friday threatened to publicly execute the four men it claims to have captured after it shot down a plane in Angola's northern Lunda-Norte province.
"It is a great pity, a tragedy, that after South Africa has achieved democracy, we still find reports of people from South Africa engaging in killing people in other lands," Nzo said.
They also agreed to "reorganise and restructure" Kurdish armed forces in mainly Kurdish northern Iraq, after a week-long meeting at an unnamed location ended Friday evening.
Conflict between the two groups in May led to more than 100 deaths, dividing northern Iraq into two zones and paralysing the Kurdish "government" declared during a Kurdish uprising against Iraqi President Saddam Hussein after the 1991 Gulf War.
(new series) Mitterrand checks out of hospital  PARIS, July 23 (AFP)  President Francois Mitterrand checked out of a Paris hospital Saturday, five days after undergoing his second operation for prostate cancer.
Mitterrand, who retires after 14 years in power next May, was operated by endoscopic probe without general anesthetic Monday to clear blockages in his urinary system caused by spread of the prostate cancer.
A 12-year-old girl and two men were confirmed dead on arrival at hospital after a section of hillside in the Western District collapsed, while another five people were taken to hospital.
The fledgling South African government is facing a deepening labour crisis after strikes in recent weeks by supermarket, justice, metal and railway workers.
Mandela said the government, which was formed after historic all-race elections in April, had made a good start on these goals but needed to speed up the process.
Last year's winner, Luca Cadalora of Italy, was third on his Cagiva after failing to improve on his time in yesterday's session, while American John Kocinski, the only man other than Doohan and Schwantz to have won a Grand Prix this season, came fourth.
BCCI trial to reopen Sunday after defence appeal  ABU DHABI, July 23 (AFP)  A United Arab Emirates (UAE) court will reopen the trial of top BCCI executives accused of embezzlement and other malpractices on Sunday after defence lawyers appealed against their clients' prison sentences.
"The trial will reopen tomorrow (Sunday) after appeals by the prosecution and the defence.
The airport was closed for a time on Wednesday after a US C-141 cargo plane was hit on its final approach into town, and again for much of Thursday after three UN planes came under fire as they were landing or taking off.
Damascus has constantly updated Beirut after each visit by Christopher.
The mainly-Tutsi RPF declared victory Monday over the ousted Hutu- dominated government forces, and installed a new administration on Tuesday after a three months of ethnic carnage precipitated by the death of Hutu president Juvenal Habyarimana in a suspecious plane crash in Kigali.
The new government has appealed to the millions of Rwandans who fled during the war to return home, saying there will be no reprisals against members of the Hutu community blamed for massacring Tutsis after Habyarimana's death.
Tanzania brokered a peace agreement between the RPF and the former government last year, but the accord collapsed after Habyarimana's death and the subsequent bloodletting estimated to have claimed up to one million lives.
Mwinyi congratulated Bizimungu, wishing him "great success in his efforts to seek peace after a traumatic past."
Schwantz to race after practice crash  DONINGTON PARK, England, July 23 (AFP)  World champion Kevin Schwantz was involved in a spectacular crash on Saturday, as he tried in vain to wrest pole position from Michael Doohan in the British 500cc Grand Prix.
Last year's winner, Luca Cadalora of Italy, was third on his Cagiva after failing to improve on his time in yesterday's session, while American John Kocinski, the only man other than Doohan and Schwantz to have won a Grand Prix this season, came fourth.
Informed sources said the takeover began Friday when troops rebelled in support of demands for back pay owed after peacekeeping duties in Liberia.
Southern breakaway leader Ali Salem al-Baid was born in the city, and moved his headquarters there from Aden shortly after civil war broke out on May 5.
Older Vietnamese officials usually speak fluent French as a second language, while the generation after them speaks Russian.
Mandela's African National Congress (ANC) won 62.65 percent of votes in all-race elections in April, allowing it to dominate the government of national unity formed after the historic poll.
Linked by a common thread of defiance of the former apartheid regime, ex-political prisoners swapped jail experiences, freedom fighters spoke of narrow escapes and clerics told how they had been harassed by the authorities after preaching against apartheid and joining illegal protest marches.
Cleric Beyers Naude, an Afrikaner who was treated as an outcast after he preached against apartheid, described the event as "a miracle."
Meanwhile, two children died elsewhere in Kashmir after they stepped on a landmine laid out to trap Indian security vehicles, the officials said.
A few refugees had returned to Halockhani to look after three schools, a hospital and a rice barn, he said.
The warrants were issued hours after police searched the Milan offices of Fininvest.
The fresh "Clean Hands" clampdown came just a day after the cabinet agreed on a new draft law reinstating judges' rights to detain corruption suspects in custody.
More than a million Rwandans are now sheltering in refugee camps around this Zairean town after fleeing three months of ethnic bloodletting in which up to another million died.
Mitterrand leaves hospital after cancer op  PARIS, July 23 (AFP)  President Francois Mitterrand checked out of a Paris hospital Saturday, five days after undergoing his second operation for prostate cancer.
Mitterrand, who retires next May after 14 years in power, was operated by endoscopic probe without general anesthetic Monday to clear blockages in his urinary system caused by the spread of the cancer.
Mitterrand's wife Danielle, who underwent by-pass surgery July 15 after heart problems, will be hospitalized until August 4-5.
Another restaurant which was already closed was slightly damaged after four firebombs were thrown through a glass door.
The White House was swept into the Whitewater affair last year after reports that while governor of Arkansas, Clinton and his wife had co- invested in a land venture with James McDougal, owner of a thrift in Little Rock, and his wife, Susan.
A rapid 20 from Phil DeFreitas ruled out that indignity, but DeFreitas fell to Donald after facing just 10 balls and the rest of the England tail did not last long.
Hick had Gary Kirsten stumped by Steve Rhodes, and after tea Salisbury took the scalp of South African captain Kepler Wessels for 28.
England skipper may face ball-tampering probe  LONDON, July 23 (AFP)  Mike Atherton may face an investigation into a possible ball-tampering incident after television viewers saw England's captain polishing the ball vigorously during the first Test against South Africa at Lord's on Saturday.
Atherton then appeared to wipe his right hand on the back of his trousers after throwing the ball to fast bowler Darren Gough.
Match referee Peter Burge decided after play ended to study the television tape of the incident.
His cousin Mansur al-Shawa, who was originally chosen, stepped down after Arafat rejected his proposed list of council members, who included fundamentalist opponents of the Palestinian self-rule accord.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting of the new Palestinian Authority, chaired by Arafat, Korei said: "we have contacted the donor countries and World Bank and we expect the problem of funds to be resolved soon."
Jimenez is determined to make amends for his play-off defeat in the Hamburg tournament in June, and is one of the freshest players in the field after taking a three-week enforced rest before the Open championship.
The par five 12th cost defending champion Colin Montgomerie a double bogey seven after he twice went into the woods and finished, fuming, on a 73.
Top Swede Gabriel Hjertstedt also fell foul of the 12th, taking seven there after also visiting the trees.
He ended with a par 72 after recovery birdies at the 14th and 16th.
New world record holder gets the axe  NAIROBI, July 23 (AFP)  New world 10,000 metres record holder William Sigei has been shut out of Kenya's Commonwealth Games team less than 24 hours after his epic feat.
"Solo was arrested after the vessel illegally tried to interfere with a whale hunt," Commander Hans Kjeldsen said.
Norwegian authorities on Thursday confiscated the Sirius for an unspecified length of time after an incident July 20 between Norwegian whalers and Greenpeace.
Chinese refugees end stand-off at Malaysian airport  KUALA LUMPUR, July 23 (AFP)  A group of 20 Chinese refugees fighting deportation Saturday surrendered to Malaysian authorities after threatening to set themselves on fire if Kuala Lumpur tried sending them home, officials said.
But the group gave up after realising they had no chance of winning, officials said.
He was reported missing on July 6, two days after the union called a strike to press for the release of jailed pro-democracy leader Moshood Abiola.
(FRANKFURT) The German player, who was 25 last week and who has risen one place above her compatriot Huber to 15th in the world rankings, surged back after what had looked likely to be a one-sided Spanish win when Martinez lost her way after pocketing the first set.
There was not too much gloom in the French camp after the defeat.
Ambrose claimed 7-48 -- and match figures of 10-96 -- as Derbyshire collapsed to 324 after following on 318 behind.
England skipper cleared after ball-tampering probe  LONDON, July 23 (AFP)  Mike Atherton escaped censure after an investigation by match referee Peter Burge into a suspected ball-tampering incident during the first Test against South Africa at Lord's on Saturday.
In an incident seen by television viewers, Atherton seemed to pick at the ball and then appeared to wipe his right hand on the back of his trousers after throwing the ball to fast bowler Darren Gough.
International Cricket Council match referee Peter Burge decided after play ended to study the television tape of the incident, but subsequently ruled there was no need to censure Atherton despite the captain's "unfamilar action when handling the ball."
Burge said after an hour-long meeting with Atherton and England manager Keith Fletcher that he accepted the explanation and no action would be taken.
   Hockey World Cup results     DUBLIN, July 23 (AFP) - Results in the women's hockey World Cup on  Saturday:     Playoff for fifth and sixth places     South Korea 2 Netherlands 0     Playoff for seventh and eighth places     China 2 Spain 1     Pool for ninth to places:     Canada 1 Russia 1 (Canada won 4-2 after penalty strokes).
    England 1 Ireland 1 (England won 2-0 after penalty strokes).
He is only the second Englishman to wear the leader's yellow jersey, after Tom Simpson in 1962.
July 5, 3rd stage - Boardman's dream of wearing yellow in England is dashed when he loses the overall lead to Belgian Johan Museeuw after a disastrous team time trial.
July 6, 4th stage - Francisco Cabello of Spain wins the first Tour de France stage held in England for 20 years after a 180km solo breakaway.
July 8, 6th stage - Sean Yates, who won a time trial in the 1988 Tour, becomes the second Englishman to wear yellow this year after the longest stage of the race -- 270km.
(PARIS) July 12, 10th stage - France's double national champion Jacky Durand wins after a 150km group escape and sets up a hat-trick of successive home wins.
July 16, 13th stage - Rominger offers Indurain the perfect birthday present by dropping out after 40km of the 223km stage.
Rolf Sorensen makes it a Danish double after Bjarne Riis' stage win the day before.
Eros Poli, the tallest man in the race at 6ft 4ins, sensationally hauls himself over the Ventoux, scene of Tom Simpson's death in 1967, and wins after a 170km break.
(PARIS) July 19, 16th stage - Italian Roberto Conti gets his first major stage win after nine years, capping a 14-man breakaway that lasted 215kms to the legendary 1,860m Alpe d'Huez.
July 20, 17th stage - Pantani, set to quit after a crash which leaves him with a bloody knee, is urged to remount by his teammates.
July 21, 18th stage - Latvian-born Russian Piotr Ugrumov gets his revenge, winning the mountain stage at Cluses the day after he did all the spadework only to be pipped at the line by Colombian Nelson Rodriguez.
Boardman (contemplating quitting after coming fifth): "I've got to be realistic.
He no doubt cringed last year at his instant elevation to "Superman" status after laboratory-controlled physical tests produced some astounding results.
Panama's incoming president already has said his government would accept Haitians after he takes office in September.
The car bomb theory was advanced shortly after the blast but officials said that the discovery of a Renault radiator in the rubble has given it new weight.
Found undamaged in the charity's ruins was an archive that documents the activities of Nazis who fled to Argentina after World War II, including Adolf Eichman and Erich Priebke.
This year's civil war broke out after months of disagreement on how to run the country.
Panama's incoming president, Ernesto Perez Balladares, already has said his government would accept Haitians after he takes office in September.
Sheehan, meanwhile, capped a steady 69 with a 10-foot birdie at the 18th for 206 after three rounds on the Old Course at Indianwood Golf and Country Club.
Last year Alfredsson blew up in the final round of the Open, after seting a record 54-hole total of 207.
American Donna Andrews was in fourth place after a 70 for 209, and Briton Pamela Wright and Peru's Alicia Dibos shared fifth place on three-under 210.
The car bomb theory was advanced shortly after the blast but officials said that the discovery of a vehicle's radiator in the rubble has given it new weight.
Found undamaged in the charity's ruins was an archive that documents the activities of Nazis who fled to Argentina after World War II, including Adolf Eichmann and Erich Priebke.
Justice minister Alphonse-Marie Nkubitu said Saturday that it was a priority to put on trial the Hutu killers who massacred between half a million and one million people in an orgy of bloodletting after Hutu president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a suspected rocket attack on his plane on April 6.
The United Nations Assistance Mission in Rwanda (UNAMIR) pulled out most of its 2,500-strong forces from Rwanda after the death of Habyarimana, leaving only 250 in place during the mass killings.
He and southern leaders fled the country after the war ended on July 7.
Saleh Mohammed also called for the "liberation of all southerners arrested during and after the war."
Baid fled to Oman just before the end of the war, which erupted after months of tension between Aden and Sanaa.
Mohammed said 12,000 southern troops had taken refuge in Oman and Djibouti after fleeing advcancing northern forces.
He and southern leaders fled the country after the war ended on July 7.
Saleh Mohammed also called for the "liberation of all southerners arrested during and after the war."
Baid fled to Oman just before the end of the war, which erupted after months of tension between Aden and Sanaa.
Mohammed said 12,000 southern troops had taken refuge in Oman and Djibouti after fleeing advcancing northern forces.
Fran Quinn, the leader in the clubhouse after a 66 for 205, said the Pleasant Valley Country Club course was playing tough Saturday.
Christopher prepares for Jordan-Israel summit after Mideast trip  WASHINGTON, July 23 (AFP)  The United States is hoping for better results from Israel and Jordan's landmark summit here Monday, after Secretary of State Warren Christopher cut short a disappointing Mideast trip.
Black was strong after a 70-minute rain delay in the first set, but stumbled after thinking Edberg was out of the second set.
The paper said negotiations to that effect began in 1985, when Iraq was embroiled in a drawn-out war with Iran, and only stopped with the 1991 Gulf War after Iraq invaded Kuwait.
Al-Khilewi said last month he had written a letter on May 17 to Crown Prince Abdullah ibn Abdul Aziz and other ranking Saudi officials to express his opposition to the regime, after unearthing secret documents showing hard evidence of serious human rights violations in Saudi Arabia.
The former diplomat, who is listed by the United Nations as first secretary to the Saudi UN mission, said the country's secret services had made threats on his and his family's lives after he sent the letter.
China, which was a founding member of GATT in 1947 but withdrew from the body after the communists came to power in 1949, applied to re- join the group in 1986.
Trade ministry officials say in Tokyo that there will be no further compromise after these proposals.
Under present regulations, foreign insurers must wait three years after setting up a representative office in China to get a business licence.
But the South African delegation decided to take action immediately after the game.
So most probably he will leave after that."
Geldenhuys dismissal, the first of a South African during the tour, came only a day after Jamie Small was "severely censured" for dangerous play in the win over Waikato last Saturday.
Theo Van Rensburg, who scored all the tourists' points in Saturday's defeat, will miss the rest of the tour after damaging ligaments in the Test.
Van Rensburg had missed the seven previous Tests and had only been recalled for the second Test after showing good form in tour matches leading up to the game.
Clancy's statement came after riots in East Timor in which, resistance sources there said, four youths died.
East Timor residents said 14 people were detained recently after the ugliest clashes since the 1991 Dili massacre, in which scores of people were killed.
The move comes amid growing official calls nationwide for a crackdown on dog ownership, which all but disappeared after 1949, when it was condemned as bourgeois.
Mohammad Taghi al-Khoei had commanded considerable influence in the Shiite community in Iraq, especially after the death of his father, considered the highest Shiite authority in the country.
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher left the region on Friday after failing to bring Israel and Syria together to resume negotiations which have been stalled since the Hebron mosque massacre in February.
The moves comes after factory owners were warned by major importers, including the United States, which praised the BGMEA decision.
(picture) Three dead, seven missing in Hong Kong landslides  HONG KONG, July 24 (AFP)  Monsoon rains forced rescuers to abandon their search Sunday for seven people missing after a landslide on a Hong Kong housing estate which has already claimed three victims.
Israel closed the Erez checkpoint for five days after the violence a week ago, which left two Palestinians dead and dozens wounded, including Israelis.
Those who made it through did so after more than two hours of security checks and long lines.
In 1991, after lengthy negotiations brokered by ASEAN, all four Cambodian factions -- the Vietnam-backed government in Phnom Penh and a rebel alliance of Khmer Rouge, royalists and conservatives -- agreed to stop fighting and join an interim government of national union.
"We will contact each other in the next two or three days to set up another meeting," Japanese deputy foreign minister for economic affairs Sadayuki Hayashi said after Sunday's two-hour meeting, which ended without an accord.
It was that demand by Washington that torpedoed trade talks in February this year, US President Bill Clinton and then prime minister Morihiro Hosokawa declaring after a trade summit that their talks had failed.
Some are released within hours, others after weeks or even years.
The abduction came after the Israeli government accused Iran and Hezbollah of the bombing of a Jewish charity in Buenos Aires which killed at least 46 people last Monday.
The World Health Organisation has confirmed malaria has returned with a vengeance in many parts of the world after a mass eradication campaign in the late 1970s.
Armed group offers to halt killing foreigners in Algeria: envoy  ALGIERS, July 24 (AFP)  Algeria's most feared armed Islamic group has offered to call a halt to the killing of foreigners if the authorities free one of its main leaders, a Yemeni envoy kidnapped by the group said after his release.
Both diplomats and the other kidnapped people were in good health and had been well-treated, Jebrane told the official Yemeni news agency Saba by telephone after his release, Saba said Saturday.
UNPROFOR spokesman Major Rob Annink said sniping had increased both in the city and near the airport, which remained closed after five UN planes were shot at late last week.
Nearly 200 heavy weapon detonations were heard in the Sarajevo area on Saturday, 70 of these around a hill known as 354, after its height in meters.
The Washington summit should give the green light to negotiations culminating in the signing of a peace treaty -- the second to be signed between Israel and an Arab country, after the 1979 treaty with Egypt.
Five die in plane crash  HARARE, July 24 (AFP)  All five people aboard a light aircraft were killed when the plane crashed into the crocodile-infested Zambezi River shortly after take- off, aviation sources said Sunday.
Some were bound for Germany and other were due to fly on to Africa after refuelling in Europe, he said.
A 24-member US military evaulation team left Rhein-Main for Goma overnight Friday, and the US mission moved into top gear after President Bill Clinton announced a immediate massive increase in US aid in a bid to help avert what he called the worst humanitarian catastrophe in a generation.
It was not clear how the killers got in to the camp despite an indefinite curfew imposed in the area after violence between Bodo tribals and Moslems last week left 23 people dead.
Negotiations break down, walkout continues in shipyard  SEOUL, July 24 (AFP)  Thousands of unionists demonstrated Sunday at South Korea's largest shipyard, Hyundai Heavy Industries Co., after labor-management negotiations to end a protracted strike broke down, reports said.
Union leaders returned to the negotiating table Saturday, two days after the company locked out some 20,000 striking workers, but walked out again Sunday, Yonhap said.
The two-day event is now to be condensed into Sunday, with finals both in the morning and evening and a pool still murkey after a filtration system failure.
                    Rwanda-airlift,2ndlead                     moved                     Expect update     BANJUL:         Gambia remains closed to the outside world                     following an overnight curfew imposed after the                     military ousted long-time President Dawda Jawara                     in a bloodless coup, but the tiny West African                     state appears calm as life began to slowly                     return to normal.
Gambia remains cut off after coup, street life resumes  DAKAR, July 24 (AFP)  Gambia remained virtually cut off from the outside world Sunday, a day after President Dawda Jawara was ousted in a bloodless military coup.
But witnesses reached by phone from here said normal life was picking up slowly after Saturday's coup and that street markets, which had been closed since Friday, had reopened.
Jawara, 70, was still aboard the US warship Lamoure County Sunday after seeking refuge there Friday while the ship was on a courtesy call to Banjul.
It was not clear how the killers got near the camp despite an indefinite curfew imposed in the area after violence between Bodo tribals and Moslems last week left 23 people dead.
Fighting began soon after the mujahedeen grabbed power from the Afghan communists in April 1992.
More than a million Rwandans are now sheltering in refugee camps around this eastern Zairean town after fleeing three months of ethnic bloodletting in which up to one million people were butchered.
The Iraqi economy has been hit hard by an international embargo imposed by the United Nations after Iraqi troops invaded Kuwait in August 1990.
The sanctions were automatically kept in place Monday after the 15 members of the UN Security Council failed to reach a unanimous decision on whether they should be lifted.
More than a million Rwandans are now sheltering in refugee camps around this eastern Zairean town after fleeing three months of ethnic bloodletting in which up to one million people were butchered.
Taiwan denies inhuman treatment of mainland fishermen  TAIPEI, July 24 (AFP)  A senior Taiwanese official Sunday rejected Chinese charges that 10 mainland fishermen drowned during a recent typhoon after being refused shelter in the island.
The Test and County Cricket Board inspected the Old Trafford surface after 13 wickets fell in 77 overs on the first day of the County Championship match with Middlesex.
The inspection panel was called in after the umpires reported that the pitch was damp and had a heavy covering of grass on the first morning (Thursday).
(graphic) (changing dateline) Gambia still cut off after coup, street life resumes  BANJUL, July 24 (AFP)  Gambia remained virtually cut off from the outside world Sunday following an overnight curfew imposed after the military ousted long- time leader Sir Dawda Jawara in a bloodless coup.
The official radio was again off the air, after returning briefly on Saturday to broadcast a statement by the officers who seized power.
Former Rwanda ambassador abducted in Kigali by Susan Njanji  KIGALI, July 24 (AFP)  Rwanda's former ambassador to Belgium, moderate Hutu politician Sylvetre Kamali, is missing after being abducted 10 days ago at a checkpoint manned by soldiers from the ruling Rwanda Patriotic Front (RPF).
"They are now with the RPF and have been moved from hospital after several weeks there," he said.
The biggest strike, which began two weeks ago, has seen 15,000 workers at supermarket chain Pick 'n' Pay clashing repeatedly with police after management took out a court order prohibiting pickets near stores.
Television viewers saw Atherton appear to work on the ball after removing his right hand from his pocket.
There was a marked surge in shelling incidents around the country and sniping in Sarajevo Friday and Saturday, following the closure of the airport after five UN planes were hit by gunfire on landing or take- off late last week, according to UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) reports.
The ministers from Britain, France, Germany, Russia, and the United States, are to meet on July 30 in Geneva to review progress of the plan to date, after it was clearly accepted by the federation and all but rejected by the Serbs.
The attacker pumped several bullets into Palestinian Hosni Dib Odeh, 38, at point-blank range at the dead man's home just north of Tulkarm, after accusing him of "collaboration."
In September 1993, after the autonomy deal with the PLO, he had talks with the king on a ship anchored off the Jordanian Red Sea port of Aqaba.
"It took us 15 minutes to fly over (from Jerusalem)," he said after arriving by helicopter on the Jordanian banks of the Dead Sea.
He sat in opposition after the rightwing Likud came to power in May 1977.
The 58-year-old monarch, a direct descendant of the Prophet Mohammed, will meet an Israeli leader for the first time openly Monday, at an historic summit with Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin in Washington, after years of secret contacts.
Hussein's grandfather King Abdallah, who believed in the need for peace with his neighbours, lost his life in 1951 after contacts with Israeli officials.
He came to the throne at the age of 18 on August 11, 1952, a few months after his father was deposed due to a mental illness.
The king pressed for the meeting with Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin, originally scheduled for October at the earliest, to be brought forward, after receiving assurances of financial aid from Washington.
Jordan wants back 385.9 square kilometres (154.3 square miles) of land along the ceasefire line, most of it between the Red and Dead Seas, taken by Israel after the 1967 Middle East war.
It was imposed by Western nations enforcing the embargo on Iraq after the Gulf war.
Holidaymakers wait as French air strike halts scores of flights  MARSEILLE, France, July 24 (AFP)  Thousands of holidaymakers and travellers were stranded in airports in southern France Sunday after more than half of incoming and outgoing flights were cancelled due to a strike by air traffic controllers.
Some 2,000 people had to spend Saturday night at the airport after their flights were cancelled.
    (AFP) - News calendar from Monday July 25 to Sunday August 21     Monday, July 25     ABIDJAN:       Visit of World Bank vice-president Edward Jaycox     BANGKOK:       Inaugural meeting of Asia Regional Forum on security     BANGKOK:       German Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel visits     BRUSSELS:      Norwegian agriculture minister visits for talks                    on EU support for his country's farmers after                    Norway joins the the Union     BRUSSELS:      Partnership accord with Moldova     CAIRO:         Israeli-Palestinian negotiations reopen on                    extending autonomy     GENEVA:        3rd session of disarmament conference (until                    September 7)     GENEVA:        UN session on human rights continues (until 29)     MONROVIA:      1st anniversary of Liberian peace accord     NAIROBI:       Peace talks on Sudan continue (until August 1)     TEHRAN:        Visit by Turkish President Suleyman Demirel                    (until 27th)     WASHINGTON:    Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin meets King                    Hussein of Jordan to sign peace accord     Tuesday, July 26     BONN:          German federal court of justice to return                    verdicts on complicity of ex-East German national                    defence council in wall shootings     WASHINGTON:    Start of Congressional hearings on Whitewater affair     BANGKOK:       Annual meeting of ASEAN foreign ministers with                    representatives from Canada, Australia, South                    Korea, Japan, New Zealand, the United States and                    the European Union (and 27th)     SANTIAGO     DE CUBA:       41st anniversary of the attack on the Moncada                    barracks, seen as the start of the Cuban                    revolution     more 
Anwar cracked an unbeaten 63 with four boundaries and a six while Sohail made 49 with three fours as they shared 111 runs on the second day after the first day was cancelled due to overnight rain.
The tourists won the toss and elected to bat after more than five sessions of play were lost to rain in the first two days.
Umpires decided that play was possible after they made a second inspection of the pitch.
The match eventually got underway after the teams took an early tea break.
Beijing has maintained that Taiwan is an integral part of China since the Nationalists fled to the island after losing a civil war to the communists in 1949.
It was not clear how the killers got near the camp despite an indefinite curfew imposed in the area after violence between Bodo tribals and Moslems last week left 23 people dead.
Government slammed after boy vanishes in Cairo sewers  CAIRO, July 24  Egyptian authorities face legal action after a young boy fell down an open drain in Cairo and vanished and an old man had a lucky escape, Al-Wafd newspaper reported Sunday.
King Birendra abolished the house of representatives and named Koirala as caretaker until elections in November after he resigned on July 10 following the defeat of the government's annual plan in parliament.
Greece and Russia began the preparatory work on such an agreement after Russian President Boris Yeltsin paid a visit to Athens in June 1993.
URGENT  GOMA, Zaire, July 24 (AFP)  One thousand refugees crossed the border here Sunday to return to Rwanda after Zaire reopened the border between the two countries.
In 1981 Senegalese troops intervened in Gambia to reinstate Jawara after another military coup in which about 500 people died.
BCCI trial adjourned after three-hour appeal hearing  ABU DHABI, July 24 (AFP)  A United Arab Emirates (UAE) court opened an appeal trial of convicted BCCI executives on Sunday but adjourned hearings until September 7 to allow the defence to present more documents.
It reopened hearings after appeals by the defence laywers against the verdicts.
US Assistant Secretary of State for East Asia and the Pacific Winston Lord is to visit Malaysia and possibly other countries in the region to continue consultations on Cambodia after the talks here, the US officials said.
Border between Zaire and Rwanda reopened by Joseph Goala  GOMA, Zaire, July 24 (AFP)  One thousand refugees crossed back into Rwanda Sunday after Zaire reopened the border between the two countries.
"I'm happy to be going home because I've learnt not to be frightened after the genocide," said Jean Pierre Valois, a Tutsi.
                   Text slug: US-Gambia                    One column, 45x50mm (1-3/4x2"), BW/C, GEN     BURMA MON REFUGEES                    Map of Burma and Thailand locating where                    some 6,00O Mon refugees have fled across                    the Thai border after clashes with Burmese                    troops.
Five feared dead in Russian helicopter crash  MOSCOW, July 24 (AFP)  Five people were feared dead Sunday after a Russian navy helicopter based at Severomorsk, northern Russia, crashed Sunday, the defense ministry announced.
Frenchman Eddy Seigneur took the final stage, crossing the line in a sprint finish ahead of Frankie Andreu of the United States, after a five-man breakaway on the Champs Elysees.
The mental and physical torture proved so severe that Swiss rival Rominger, the experts' favourite at the start in Lille but dogged with gastro-enteritis, had already abandoned just after the halfway stage.
Just two days after taking two minutes off Rominger in the time trial -- and over five off British specialist and reigning Olympic pursuit champion Chris Boardman -- Indurain more than doubled that overall lead in the climb to Lourdes.
Spurred into action by Italian climber Marco Pantani, who came second to Indurain's third in the Giro, he ruthlessly attacked after spotting Rominger in trouble up the 1,560-metre climb.
The 30-year-old Schwantz had been a doubtful starter after a spectacular crash in qualifying when he narrowly escaped serious injury.
But after falling back from second on the grid to sixth, he clawed his way through the field on his Suzuki.
Schwantz celebrated his triumph -- his fourth at Donington after wins in 1989, 1990 and 1991 -- by riding up the finishing straight on one wheel, raising clenched fists and parading the Stars and Stripes on his lap of honour.
Japan's Tadayuki Okada took second after a desperate scrap with Italian Doriano Romboni on another Honda, losing and then regaining his place on the final lap, with Japan's Tetsuya Harada fourth on his Yamaha.
The four young, unknown coup leaders named Lieutenant Yaya Jammeh as their leader and started talks on forming a new government after ousting long-time leader Sir Dawda Jawara in a bloodless coup Saturday.
In 1981 Senegalese troops intervened to reinstate Jawara after another military coup in which about 500 people died.
But the Senegalese ambassador to Gambia Moktar Kebe, interviewed by telephone Sunday, said after a meeting with Jammeh that this time his government had "no intention of interfering in Gambia's internal affairs" although its troops had been put on alert.
The official radio was again off the air, after returning briefly on Saturday to broadcast a military statement.
The arrest warrant for Fininvest finance chief Salvatore Sciascia was among 23 issued just two days after magistrates won back powers to detain corruption suspects following a climbdown by Berlusconi over a controversial decree that would have denied them the right to hold corruption suspects pending trial.
Judge Antonio Di Pietro issued the latest series of warrants after the cabinet agreed on a new draft law reinstating judges' rights to detain corruption suspects in custody.
UNITA peace negotiators leave Huambo  LUSAKA, July 24 (AFP)  The UNITA delegation at the Lusaka peace talks left Sunday for Huambo after major differences arose on the modalities of national reconciliation, sources close to the talks said.
The National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA) disagrees with a government proposal that the rebel movement should take up their government position nine months after a Lusaka agreement is reached.
In addition to this fresh disagreement the two civil-war foes of 18 years are still to resolve in full the issue of power-sharing whose discussion they have now abandoned after failing to compromise.
The rebel group has also rejected a government proposal that it provide, 45 days after a Lusaka agreement, a list of names each with a curriculum vitae from where the government will choose who will take up cabinet posts from UNITA.
Jim Baxter gets new liver  EDINBURGH, July 24 (AFP)  Scottish soccer legend Jim Baxter was recovering in intensive care here on Sunday after a liver transplant.
Baxter became a publican after his retirement from soccer.
The US ship left after US ambassador Andrew Winter, who had been aboard conferring with Jawara, disembarked, the sources said.
Shohat spoke after meeting Palestinian finance "minister" Ahmad Korei in the Jewish settlement of Vered Jericho, near the autonomous West Bank town of Jericho.
One thousand refugees fleeing cholera in the camps around Goma crossed back into Rwanda Sunday after Zaire reopened the border between the two countries at 1:35 p.m. (1135 GMT), with aid officials reporting a death toll of nearly 7,000.
More than a million Rwandans are now sheltering in refugee camps around this eastern Zairean town after fleeing three months of ethnic bloodletting in which up to one million people were butchered.
"I'm happy to be going home because I've learnt not to be frightened after the genocide," said Jean Pierre Valois, from the minority Tutsis.
The borders were opened after a pledge by Zaire's visiting premier, Joseph Kengo Wa Dondo, who also promised that some 20,000 defeated Rwandan army troops currently in Zaire would be rounded up and disarmed.
Nigeria came in third after England, followed by Malaysia and Hong Kong, who took fourth and fifth placing, while Singapore finished last.
The Canadians sped ahead after the breather, with Meeks and giant- sized Norm Froemel engineering some brilliant manouevres.
The Israeli-Jordanian summit on the heels of the Israeli-Palestinian autonomy agreement last year "means there is an acceptance of Israel and there's an acceptance of peace, so I don't think things will ever be the same in the Middle East after these historic events."
King Hussein pressed for the meeting with Rabin, originally scheduled for October at the earliest, to be brought forward, after receiving assurances of financial aid from Washington.
Jordan wants back 385.9 square kilometers (154.3 square miles) of land along the ceasefire line, most of it between the Red and Dead seas, taken by Israel after the 1967 Middle East war.
Mubarak, who was accompanied by his political adviser Ossama el-Baz and Foreign Minister Amr Mussa, left the Syrian capital after two rounds of talks.
Sanchez made the remark after she and Wimbledon champion Conchita Martinez had won their singles dropping only seven games between them.
Martinez defeated Mary Joe Fernandez 6-2, 6-2 and Arantxa Sanchez hammered Lindsay Davenport 6-2, 6-1, giving Spain their third triumph after their wins in 1991 and 1993.
This was the last final under the old week-long play-off system and it was clear that organisers had had trouble filling the stadium every day -- especially after the decision by Graf to decline selection.
Jimenez, a 30-year-old former caddie from Malaga, had a final round of 70 for an 18-under-par total of 270 after Clarke had fired an eagle and three birdies in a 67 to set a stiff clubhouse target of 272 when the Spaniard still had four holes to play.
The Victorian also had 68, making four birdies to slip ahead of Argentinian Eduardo Romero, 69, Gabriel Hjertstedt was the leading Swedish golfer after scoring 70 for a ten under par 278 to tie 23rd with Ian Woosnam and American Jim McGovern.
                   Text slug: US-Gambia                    One column, 45x50mm (1-3/4x2"), BW/C, GEN     BURMA MON REFUGEES                    Map of Burma and Thailand locating where                    some 6,00O Mon refugees have fled across                    the Thai border after clashes with Burmese                    troops.
A navy vessel towed the trawler, La Gabrielle, into this Bay of Biscay island port after taking over from a Spanish tugboat off the southwest coast of France Saturday.
But La Gabrielle fishermen said Sunday there had been two nets on board, one kept as a backup, and nets found on the trawler after it left Spain did not belong to the trawler.
English cricket Sunday League table  LONDON, July 24 (AFP)  English Sunday League table after Sunday's games (played, won, lost, tied, no result, points -- last year's final positions in brackets): Warwickshire (10)         10  9  1  0  0  36 Lancashire (6)            10  7  2  0  1  30 Worcestershire (16)       10  7  2  0  1  30 Yorkshire (9)             10  6  3  0  1  26 Kent (2)                  10  6  4  0  0  24 Derbyshire (11)           10  5  4  0  1  22 Surrey (3)                11  4  4  0  3  22 Nottinghamshire (17)      11  4  4  0  3  22 Hampshire (15)            10  5  5  0  0  20 Glamorgan (1)             10  4  4  1  1  20 Durham (7)                10  3  3  1  3  20 Leicestershire (14)       10  4  5  0  1  18 Sussex (4)                10  4  5  0  1  18 Somerset (18)             10  4  6  0  0  16 Northamptonshire (5)      10  2  6  1  1  12 Middlesex (8)             10  2  7  0  1  10 Gloucestershire (13)      10  2  7  0  1  10 Essex (12)                10  1  7  1  1   8 
By the side of the road, just after the drop, the refugees look skywards waiting for the next consignment.
The hastily conceived mission, set in motion less than a day after United States evaluation teams arrived on the scene, has been criticised by many aid workers.
Panama's incoming president, Ernesto Perez Balladares, has said his government will accept Haitians after he takes office in September.
The Israeli-Jordanian summit on the heels of the Israeli-Palestinian autonomy agreement last year "means there is an acceptance of Israel and there's an acceptance of peace, so I don't think things will ever be the same in the Middle East after these historic events," Christopher said.
King Hussein pressed for the meeting with Rabin, originally scheduled for October at the earliest, to be held sooner, after receiving assurances of financial aid from Washington.
Jordan wants back 385.9 square kilometers (154.3 square miles) of land along the ceasefire line, most of it between the Red and Dead seas, taken by Israel after the 1967 Middle East war.
He also said an operation similar to the one in Iraqi Kurdistan after the Gulf War could be organised with international observers posted along the roads travelled by returning refugees.
"It is difficult to say if peace will be established this year," he told reporters after talks here with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak aimed at advancing the peace process.
The victory came after a first-round French defeat and a second-round Wimbledon exit in the past month.
Sarajevo airport remained closed Sunday after five planes were shot at in three days.
About two thousand refugees fleeing cholera in the camps around Goma crossed back into Rwanda after Zaire reopened the border.
The Croats blame the United Nations for the fact they remain "refugees in our own country" after being forced from their homes by the Serbs more than two years ago.
The reaction came after a Sinn Fein congress in the Irish resort town of Letterkenny gave its definitive response to last December's Downing Street Declaration by the British and Irish governments, which offered Sinn Fein a seat at negotiations in return for an end to the killing.
About two thousand refugees fleeing cholera in the  camps around Goma crossed back into Rwanda after Zaire reopened the border.
The reaction came  after a Sinn Fein congress gave its definitive response to last December's  Downing Street Declaration by the British and Irish governments, which offered  Sinn Fein a seat at negotiations in return for an end to the killing.
Sheehan's birdie on the 16th hole came after she drove into the right rough, but recovered with an approach shot five feet from the hole.
Sweden's Helen Alfredsson, the leader after two rounds, stumbled back with a 76 Saturday and slid out of contention with a 77 Sunday.
Napunyi appeared fine when he departed the ring Friday after losing when the referee stopped his bout against US fighter David Gonzales.
Rescue work resumed Monday after more monsoon rains disrupted the search on Sunday.
He said his decision to sell the licence did not mean he did not have confidence in the territory after 1997.
He said he would use the money for investment in China after he received his US citizenship.
Pak is now reportedly on his way to the United States after giving a news conference Saturday in Beijing during which he told foreign and South Korean journalists that he had messages from the North for both Seoul and Washington.
The 42-year-old former surgeon at Keio University Medical School returned to Earth on Saturday after a two-week scientific mission aboard Columbia.
In New Delhi, Pilot, who cancelled a trip to Kashmir to rush to Assam after hearing of the cold-blooded attack, vowed to wage a "counter- offensive" against the BSF, which is fighting to set up a Bodo homeland in the state.
"A counter-offensive must have already started," he told AFP after returning from Guwahati, where he held discussions with Assam Chief Minister Hiteshwar Saikia and top army officers.
The minister said the state authorities had not done reacted after Bodos attacked Moslems in Barpeta last week, killing 23 people.
The biggest project is the controversial Three Gorges dam across the Yangtze River, which was given the go-ahead in 1993 after lengthy debate.
Under that system, foreign investors would be responsible for the venture's operation for an agreed period after completion and then transfer it to the government, enabling the overseas partner to make a profit and China to benefit from the latest technology and management expertise.
"The fact that the king felt able to do this being right there next to Israel after four decades of a state of war it will give them confidence.
The cuts came after a major deployment to cope with the aftermath of the February 25 slaughter by a Jewish settler.
China will not favour Chinese firms after 1997, official says  HONG KONG, July 25 (AFP)  Chinese vice premier Li Lanqing has told Hong Kong that Chinese-backed companies in the territory will not have special privileges after it reverts to Chinese rule in 1997, it was reported Monday.
The vice premier said the firms "will not play a dominant role" after 1997, though it was not possible to stop them operating.
He expressed hope that foreign companies would continue investing in the territory after 1997.
Li also gave assurances that China would not draft in more labour into Hong Kong after 1997.
King's brother faces action over Israel visit  KUALA LUMPUR, July 25 (AFP)  The Malaysian government is to take action against the king's brother after he held talks in Israel last month with Premier Yitzhak Rabin and Foreign Minister Shimon Peres, reports said Monday.
The shelling lasted for eight hours after midnight Sunday.
The Israeli threat came after US Secretary of State Warren Christopher shuttled last week between Damascus and Jerusalem without any sign of success in unblocking the peace negotiations between Syria and Israel.
The Lebanese press said after Christopher's tour that a large-scale Israeli military operation might be launched in south Lebanon to put pressure on Syria.
The warning also came after Israel last week blamed Hezbollah and Iran for the July 18 bombing of a Jewish center in Buenos Aires which left at least 64 people dead and as many as 50 more missing.
But after Palestinian police arrested up to three suspects following last Tuesday's killing of an Israeli army lieutenant by HAMAS, the fundamentalists threatened police chief General Nasr Yussef with "civil war".
The meeting comes after talks in Helsinki last week failed to achieve a breakthrough in the negotiations over the departure of Moscow's remaining 2,500 troops in Estonia.
Moscow is under pressure from Washington to reach agreement with its tiny Baltic neighbours, after the US Senate voted to freeze some 839 million dollars in aid to Russia and other former Soviet republics until Moscow pulled its troops out of Estonia.
Up to a million people are believed to have been killed in Rwanda after the April 6 death in a suspicious plane crash of president Juvenal Habyarimana, a Hutu.
Biting prop blasts Springboks  WELLINGTON, July 25 (AFP)  Disgraced South African prop Johan le Roux, sent home after biting All Black captain Sean Fitzpatrick's ear, claimed here on Monday he had been "abandoned" by the Springboks.
He added: "I've always thought to myself what a ridiculous sort of saying, but after staying here last night alone and really thinking about it, it's a true saying.
Man trapped inside lift for two days  HONG KONG, July 25 (AFP)  A man was found half-starved and raving Monday after being stranded inside a lift for two days without food and water, a police spokesman said.
Wales oil refinery still burning, one day after blast  MILFORD HAVEN, Wales, July 25 (AFP)  An oil refinery in Wales was still in flames early Monday, a day after it was rocked by a powerful explosion which wounded 26, local emergency services said.
Jordan wants back 385.9 square kilometres (154.3 square miles) of land along the ceasefire line, most of it between the Red and Dead seas, taken by Israel after the 1967 Middle East war.
King Hussein pressed for the meeting with Rabin, originally scheduled for around October, to be held sooner, after receiving assurances of financial aid from Washington.
Ten months after PLO chief Yasser Arafat and Rabin clinched the accord for Palestinian autonomy at the White House, this new summit underscores Washington's key role in pressing for peace in the Middle East.
"The fact that the king felt able to do this being right there next to Israel after four decades of a state of war it will give them confidence," said Christopher.
Pak is now reportedly on his way to the United States after giving a news conference Saturday in Beijing during which he told foreign and South Korean journalists that he had messages from the North for both Seoul and Washington.
The prisoners had backed Saleh's southern rival Ali Salem al-Baid, who declared a breakaway state after war broke out May 5.
He said that after the leave "soldiers should return to their brigades around the country."
Soldiers chanted "Our spirit, our blood, for the nation of Yemen" after the minister's address.
"I am so happy", said her brother, after embracing her.
Salem Saleh Mohamad, a leader of the southern Yemen Socialist Party, on Saturday urged the release of all southerners captured during and after the war.
One person was slightly injured in the leg after being hit by a van when cars tried to break the blockade Sunday evening, activists from the Czech Duha (Rainbow) Movement said.
Head of Fininvest's central financing unit reports to justice  ROME, July 25 (AFP)  The head of the central financing at Premier Silvio Berlusconi's Fininvest media group, Salvatore Sciascia, reported to a judge in Milan Monday to face charges of tax evasion after a warrant had been issued for his arrest, judicial officials said.
The warrant was among 23 issued Saturday just two days after magistrates won back powers to detain corruption suspects following a climbdown by Berlusconi over a controversial decree that would have denied them the right to hold corruption suspects pending trial.
Katale camp is host to some 400,000 refugees from neighbouring Rwanda, which plunged into ethnic carnage after the death of president Juvenal Habyarimana in a plane crash on April 6.
The RPF, drawn mainly from the country's Tutsi minority, blames the army and militia forces of the former Hutu majority government for the slaughter of some half a million people, mainly Tutsis and Hutu opponents, after Habyarimana's death.
Argentinian football table  BUENOS AIRES, July 25 (AFP)  Argentinian football table after weekend matches (played, won, drawn, lost, points) Independiente                  14    5    8    1    18 Huracan                        14    7    4    3    18 River Plate                    14    6    5    3    17 Rosario Central                14    5    7    2    17 Banfield                       14    7    3    4    17 Belgrano                       14    6    5    3    17 San Lorenzo                    14    6    4    4    16 Platense                       14    5    6    3    16 Racing                         14    4    7    3    15 Gimnasia y Esgrima             14    5    4    5    14 Boca Juniors                   14    4    6    4    14 Argentinos Juniors             14    3    8    3    14 Newell's                       14    5    3    6    13 Lanus                          14    4    5    5    13 Ferrocarril Oeste              14    4    3    7    11 Deportivo Espanol              14    2    7    5    11 Gimnasia y Tiro                14    3    5    6    11 Estudiantes                    14    3    4    7    10 Velez Sarsfield                14    2    5    7     9 Mandiyu                        14    2    5    7     9 
Boutros-Ghali, who visited Tokyo last December and February, has expressed the wish to visit Japan, the second-largest contributor to the United Nations after the United States, as often as possible, the official noted.
Dismembered bodies prove ancient Chinese power struggle  BEIJING, July 25 (AFP)  Archaeologists have uncovered evidence of a fratricidal power struggle after the death of China's first emperor, excavating the dismembered bodies of seven young men and women, a report said Monday.
Voter apathy forces fourth round after inconclusive poll  KIEV, July 25 (AFP)  Ukrainian electors faced the prospect Monday of a fourth legislative ballot after voter apathy invalidated results in scores of seats and left parliament some 50 deputies short, the electoral commission said.
Turkey shut down the pipeline system on August 7, 1990, in compliance with a UN oil and trade embargo imposed on Iraq after its invasion of Kuwait.
Asian tigers battle for bond market status : report  HONG KONG, July 25 (AFP)  A close battle is being fought between Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand for the position of the leading Asian bond market after Japan, a report said Monday.
The communique said she would make a completely recovery after a month's convalescence.
The president, 77, himself checked out of a Paris hospital Saturday, five days after undergoing his second operation for prostate cancer.
The representatives of four aid groups were asked by security to leave the hotel where the ASEAN meetings were held after Cecilia Jimenez of the Philippines read out their statement to reporters in a parking lot.
Curfew imposed on Nigerian town after riots  LAGOS, July 25 (AFP)  Authorities have imposed a dusk-to-dawn on Calabar in southeastern Nigeria following violent pro-democracy demonstrations in the city at the weekend, press reports said here Monday.
Students and farmers have threatened to hold further protests on Monday in Calabar, where armed police and troops were deployed after clashes and looting on Saturday, according to the reports, which were confirmed by a resident of the town contacted by AFP.
Nigerian oil workers on Monday began the fourth week of a crippling strike launched to press economic demands and the unconditional release of Abiola, who was arrested and charged with treason after proclaiming himself Nigeria's president a year after the poll.
Sarajevo airport reopens after Serbs pledge not to fire at planes  SARAJEVO, July 25 (AFP)  Sarajevo airport, which closed at the weekend in the wake of attacks against five planes, reopened Monday after Bosnian Serbs pledged not to fire, a UN spokeswoman said here.
The New Zealand Rugby Football Union judiciary panel acted after Le Roux was caught by television biting Fitzpatrick during the All Black's 13-9 win over the tourists in the second Test on Saturday.
Le Roux told the panel the biting was "a moment of madness" made in anger after Fitzpatrick had forced him out of a ruck.
Le Roux was not available for comment immediately after the hearing, but he told Television New Zealand earlier that he was bitter at the way he has been abandoned by the South African management.
UNPROFOR spokesman Commander Eric Chaperon said a letter was being sent to the Bosnian Serbs after a triple-A anti-aircraft gun opened up in the eastern Bosnian enclave on Moslems harvesting their fields.
Indonesia, the world's second largest natural rubber producer after Thailand, last year produced 1.3 million tonnes from its 3.2 million hectares (7.9 million acres) of rubber plantation.
Shortly after his inauguration as president in 1990, Lee called on Taiwan and China to end their hostility and said the government here would acknowledge the government in Beijing, provided that Beijing recognise Taiwan.
He added that his government would ask Zaire to arrest Hutu militias held responsible for slaughtering the Tutsi minority after president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a suspected rocket attack on his plane on April 6.
"The attacks increased after the Khmer Rouge formed their own government.
"AIDS-infected" needle used in holdup  BESANCON, France, July 25 (AFP)  A grocer handed over his takings after a young man threatened him with what he said was an AIDS-infected hypodermic, police said on Monday.
Eubank lip lands him in court  LONDON, July 25 (AFP)  World super middleweight champion Chris Eubank was bound over to keep the peace for a year here on Monday after appearing in court for swearing at police officers.
The New Zealand Rugby Football Union judiciary panel virtually ended Le Roux's international career after he was caught by television biting Fitzpatrick's ear during the All Black's 13-9 win in Saturday's second Test.
The 32-year-old Transvaal player was expected to leave New Zealand soon after the panel hearings, which are internationally binding.
New Zealand prop Keith Murdoch was sent home from Britain in 1972-73 following an altercation with a hotel security guard after a test against Wales.
The other was Ross Cullen after biting an Oxford University opponent during the Australian tour of Britain in 1966-67.
Dodds will be Miller's third close season signing after full-back Colin Woodthorpe from Norwich City and Peter Hetherston from Raith Rovers.
Edberg on the move  PARIS, July 25 (AFP)  Stefan Edberg leapt four places in the world rankings published on Monday after his Washington Classic victory.
Meanwhile, Spain's Alberto Berasategui broke into the top ten after winning the one million-dollar Mercedes Open.
His victim, Italian Andrea Gaudenzi, is now just one spot outside the world top 20 after starting 1994 in 126th place.
Meanwhile, Sarajevo airport, which closed at the weekend in the wake of attacks against five planes, Monday reopened after Bosnian Serbs pledged not to fire at planes, a UN spokeswoman said.
UNPROFOR spokesman Commander Eric Chaperon said a letter was being sent to the Bosnian Serbs after a triple-A anti-aircraft gun opened up Sunday in the eastern Bosnian enclave on Moslems harvesting their fields.
Police said that a man opened fire on another man who was attending the party late Saturday and a gunfight ensued after which the second man died from his wounds.
Rwandan President Pasteur Bizimungu meanwhile said that the government formed after former rebels from the Tutsi minority seized power early this month will ask the United States to base its mission in the capital Kigali.
A spokesman for the charity Medecins sans Frontieres (Doctors without Borders) said Monday that 3,000 were dying each day, after 7,000 deaths were reported at the weekend.
Sarajevo airport reopens after Serbs pledge not to fire at planes  SARAJEVO, July 25 (AFP)  Sarajevo airport, closed at the weekend in the wake of sniper attacks against five planes, reopened to UN flights Monday after Bosnian Serbs pledged not to fire but the humanitarian airlift remains suspended, UN officials said.
Since then he has been re-elected every five years, first by a vote within the national assembly, and then in direct elections after the constitution was reformed in 1982.
Now renamed Airitom Bridge after the first village one reaches on the Afghan side of the river, this old symbol of Soviet interventionism is today controlled by Russian soldiers officially seconded to the Uzbek army.
A warrant had been issued for his arrest Saturday, along with 22 others, just two days after magistrates won back powers to detain corruption suspects following a climbdown by Berlusconi over a controversial decree.
The centre-left opposition played on the government's confusion Monday, after accusing the premier Sunday of trying to impose the controversial decree "to prevent any light being cast on the affairs of Fininvest."
"While children have a moral obligation to look after their parents, their parents must also ensure that they plan for their old age."
Miguel Angel Jimenez also moves up after his win in the Dutch Open.
Ulster peace process at standstill after Sinn Fein conference by Allen Nacheman  LONDON, July 25 (AFP)  The quest for an end to 25 years of bloodshed in Northern Ireland appeared at a standstill Monday after the Sinn Fein political wing of the Irish Republican Army (IRA) effectively rejected a joint Anglo- Irish plan.
Sinn Fein, in a statement after its congress, appeared to designate the British government, not the Protestant unionists, as the primary roadblock in peace moves, saying it "acknowledged the need to reach out to our political opponents in the ranks of unionism.
The Japan Chain Store Association said separately that supermarket sales fell 0.3 percent to 1,257 billion yen, after shrinking 2.3 percent in May.
Hong Kong landslip victims dash in for their belongings  HONG KONG, July 25 (AFP)  Residents of a Hong Kong housing estate were allowed back into their flats briefly Monday to collect essential belongings, while rescuers kept looking for five people still missing after a massive landslide Saturday.
But Abdel Aziz Abdel Ghani, who was here for three days with Ansi, said Sunday the amnesty would also apply to the 16 if they denounced the breakaway state they declared two weeks after war broke out on May 5.
Baid and his colleagues fled to Oman after the key southern cities of Aden and Mukalla were captured by northern forces on July 7.
Russian border guards on alert after Tajik kidnapping  DUSHANBE, July 25 (AFP)  Russian border guards patrolling the Tajik frontier have been put on alert after Islamic rebels kidnapped 50 Tajik soldiers, to stop them from being taken to Afghanistan, the agency ITAR-TASS said Monday.
A draw was inevitable after the match was reduced to just four sessions due to rain in the first two days.
Pace pair in fitness scare  LONDON, July 25 (AFP)  England's opening bowlers both face fitness checks after being hit by South Africa's Allan Donald in the first Test.
The Rome-based UN World Food Programme on Monday stated that 3.9 million Rwandans had been driven abroad or were displaced inside the central African nation, where rebels drawn mainly from the Tutsi minority seized power early in July after three months of ethnic bloodletting.
The government installed by the Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) wants to encourage the return home of Rwandans held to fear revenge attacks by the RPF, which blames the Hutu-dominated army and militias for the slaughter of up to a million people, mainly Tutsis, after president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in an April 6 plane crash.
The Iraqi economy has been hit hard by an international embargo imposed by the United Nations after Iraqi troops invaded Kuwait in August 1990.
The sanctions were automatically kept in place last week after UN Security Council members failed to reach a unanimous decision on whether they should be lifted.
The KDP and the PUK seized control of northern Iraq in 1991, in an uprising launched against Iraqi President Saddam Hussein after his defeat in the Gulf war.
Delegates were generally upbeat after the three-hour session and said they would continue their talks through a working dinner Monday evening.
Meanwhile, Sarajevo airport, which closed at the weekend in the wake of attacks against five planes, Monday reopened after Bosnian Serbs pledged not to fire at planes, a UN spokeswoman said.
UNPROFOR spokesman Commander Eric Chaperon said a letter was being sent to the Bosnian Serbs after a triple-A anti-aircraft gun opened up Sunday in the eastern Bosnian enclave on Bosnian government forces in the southwest of the enclave.
NKorea-US talks must be given priority Pyongyang TOKYO, July 25 (AFP) - North Korea said Monday that the easing of tension on the Korean peninsula, heightened after the recent death of North Korean President Kim Il-Sung, is dependent on progress in North Korean-US talks on the nuclear issue.
(AFP)     SARAJEVO: Sarajevo airport, closed at the weekend in the wake of sniper  attacks against five planes, reopened to UN flights after Bosnian Serbs  pledged not to fire but the humanitarian airlift remains suspended, UN  officials said.
(AFP)     LONDON: The quest for an end to 25 years of bloodshed in Northern Ireland  appeared at a standstill after the Sinn Fein political wing of the Irish  Republican Army effectively rejected a joint Anglo-Irish plan.
The Rome-based UN World Food Programme on Monday stated that 3.9 million Rwandans had been driven abroad or were displaced inside the central African nation, where rebels drawn mainly from the Tutsi minority seized power early in July after three months of ethnic bloodletting.
The government installed by the Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) wants to encourage the return home of Rwandans held to fear revenge attacks by the RPF, which blames the Hutu-dominated army and militias for the slaughter of up to a million people, mainly Tutsis, after president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in an April 6 plane crash.
They will help troops of the Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF), which won a civil war early in July after three months of ethnic carnage, to cope with the return of people who fled the bloodbath and now face killer diseases in Zaire.
In Geneva, a spokesman for the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) said the United Nations and the United States were reviewing priorities in a major US relief airlift operation, after aid workers around Goma criticised a first, test airdrop of supplies on Sunday as costly and misdirected.
"Because he (Gusmao) has already received a sentence reduction, it feels odd and unethical if he demands a retrial," the Antara news agency quoted him as telling journalists after speaking at a national law seminar here.
Last August President Suharto converted the sentence to a 20-year jail term after Sujono sought clemency.
The defense chief told reporters after the meeting that allowing Christian vigilantes to operate on their own could only spark a bloody religious war in the main southern island of Mindanao, home to this largely Catholic nation's Moslem minority.
The Abu Sayyaf had subsequently massacred 15 Christian hostages whom they abducted along with the priest, Father Cirilo Nacorda, and freed 20 others after ransom was paid.
                    Mideast-summit,new series, picture                     700 words around 1515 GMT                     by Sue Kendall                     Overall lead after signing ceremony                     scheduled for around 1600 GMT     JERUSALEM:      Factsheet on Israel's rapprochement                     with its neighbours.
                    ASEAN-security,lead                     600 words moved     LONDON:         The quest for an end to 25 years of                     bloodshed in Northern Ireland appear                     at a standstill after the Sinn Fein                     political wing of the Irish Republican                     Army effectively rejects a joint                     Anglo-Irish plan.
Whatever happens next, Rabin made history on the White House Lawn Monday for the second time in less than a year, after the historic handshake on September 13 with the PLO leader, which was also watched over by a smiling Clinton.
But the United States waited almost 15 years for that meeting after playing host to a first Middle East breakthrough in 1979 with the signing of the Camp David accords between Egypt and Israel, the first peace treaty between an Arab state and Jerusalem.
The two publications closed down soon after Carignon's municipal election victory in April, 1989, and a part of the group's debts of between five and six million francs (more than one million dollars) were paid off by a subsidiary of the water company Lyonnaise des Eaux.
The Grenoble municipality subsequently awarded a contract to another subsidiary of Lyonnaise after deciding to privatise the city's water distribution system.
The chairman of both subsidiaries, Marc-Michel Merlin, was recently indicted for fraud in the case, after admitting paying 800,000 francs (150,000 dollars) to Dauphine-News.
The attacks came shortly after Israeli forces unleashed an eight-hour artillery barrage against Hezbollah strongholds, police in Rachaya said.
The Israeli threat came after US Secretary of State Warren Christopher shuttled last week between Damascus and Jerusalem without any sign of success in unblocking the peace negotiations between Syria and Israel.
The warning also came after Israel last week blamed Hezbollah and Iran for the July 18 bombing of a Jewish center in Buenos Aires which killed 85 people.
The sources said Bizimungu arrived in the Indian Ocean island, where Marshal Mobutu is on vacation, on a UN-chartered plane and was due to leave Mauritius later Monday or on Tuesday after the private talks.
Craxi complains of "persecution" after judge asks for 11 years by Beatrice Bretonniere  ROME, July 25 (AFP)  Former Italian prime minister Bettino Craxi, threatened with 11 years in jail over corruption charges, complained Monday that he was a victim of "wilful persecution."
The head of Ambrosiano, Roberto Calvi, was found hanged from Blackfriars Bridge in London after the collapse.
A warrant had been issued for his arrest Saturday, along with 22 others, just two days after magistrates won back powers to detain corruption suspects following a climbdown by Berlusconi over a controversial decree.
The first public summit between Jordan's King Hussein and Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin follows the launch of Palestinian self- rule in May and comes 15 years after Israel signed its peace treaty with Egypt in 1979.
Jordan wants back 385.9 square kilometers (154.3 square miles) of land along the ceasefire line, most of it between the Red and Dead seas captured by Israel after the 1967 Middle East war.
"What we have accomplished and we are commited to is the end to the state of war between Jordan and Israel," Hussein said after the signing.
"What we have accomplished and we are commited to is the end to the state of war between Jordan and Israel," Hussein said after the signing.
Liverpool show Hutchison the door  LIVERPOOL, England, July 25 (AFP)  Liverpool have put Don Hutchison on the transfer list after lurid press coverage of the player's summer holiday.
The attacks came shortly after Israeli forces unleashed an eight-hour artillery barrage against Hezbollah strongholds in the Syrian- controlled Bekaa Valley, police in Rashaya said.
"What we have accomplished and we are commited to is the end to the state of war between Jordan and Israel," Hussein said after the signing.
Air France chairman Christian Blanc brought in the plan after violent strikes last October in which Air France workers invaded runways at the Paris airports of Orly and Roissy, forcing the government to withdraw a previous restructuring plan and demand the resignation of then chairman Bernard Attali.
English cricket table  LONDON, July 25 (AFP)  Standings in the English County Championship after Monday's results (played, won, lost, drawn, batting and bowling points, total): Surrey (6)                11  7  3  1  25  38 175 Warwickshire (16)         10  7  0  3  27  33 172 Leicestershire (9)        10  6  3  1  31  35 162 Essex (11)                10  5  3  2  19  38 137 Nottinghamshire (7)       11  5  3  3  20  33 133 Somerset (5)              10  5  4  1  23  28 131 Sussex (10)               10  4  2  4  21  32 117 Gloucestershire (17)      10  3  4  3  14  37 107 Durham (18)               10  3  6  1  24  33 105 Middlesex (1)             10  3  2  5  21  34 103 Worcestershire (2)        10  2  4  4  24  34  90 Northamptonshire (4)      10  3  3  4  16  25  89 Kent (8)                  10  2  5  3  22  34  88 Lancashire (13)           10  4  4  2  13  34  86 Hampshire (13)            10  2  4  4  15  30  85 Derbyshire (15)           10  2  6  2  20  29  81 Yorkshire (12)            10  1  4  5  21  33  70 Glamorgan (3)             10  1  5  4  19  27  62 (Lancashire penalised 25 points for an unsuitable pitch.
Your Majesty, after our first meeting you wrote me a heartfelt letter in which you referred to your revered grandfather, King Abdullah.
Hagi set for Barcelona after all  BARCELONA, July 25 (AFP)  Romanian World Cup star George Hagi is set to move to Barcelona after all, the Spanish champions revealed on Monday.
But the club announced here on Monday the midfielder had now agreed to join them on a two-year deal after Cruyff reopened talks with Giovanni Becali, the player's agent.
Glamorgan remain anchored at the foot of the table after going down by 94 runs to Kent at Abergavenny.
The Washington Declaration, which was also signed by US President Bill Clinton, was ratified after the first public summit between a Jordanian monarch and an Israeli leader at the White House.
"The declaration we have signed just now here in Washington is the closest thing to a treaty of peace," Rabin said after the signing ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House.
"What we have accomplished and we are committed to is the end to the state of war between Jordan and Israel," Hussein said after the signing.
Whatever happens next, Rabin made history on the White House Lawn Monday for the second time in less than a year, after the historic handshake on September 13 with the PLO leader, which was also watched over by a smiling Clinton.
The athlete only got back into training last week after an operation last month on a muscle injury which forced him to miss the world championships last year.
Cruyff gets Hagi after all  BARCELONA, July 25 (AFP)  Romanian World Cup star George Hagi is set to move to star-studded Barcelona after all, following a last-ditch bid by Spanish champions manager Johan Cruyff.
But the club announced here on Monday the midfielder had now agreed to join them on a two-year deal after Cruyff reopened talks with Giovanni Becali, the player's agent.
The grim search for bodies dragged on a week after a car bomb levelled the seven-storey home to the headquarters of most of Argentina's main Jewish organizations in the most deadly attack on Jewish civilians since World War II.
Last month she charged Tapie with tax evasion and fraud over his luxury yacht Phocea following an early morning police raid on his chic Paris mansion, after ordering his phone tapped and hearing he planned to leave the country to escape indictment.
Police acted just hours after fellow MPs voted to lift the parliamentary immunity of a man who has become a star of French politics, outshining traditional leaders.
Meanwhile, Sarajevo airport, which had been closed over the weekend in the wake of attacks against five planes, Monday reopened after Bosnian Serbs pledged not to fire at planes, Grimes also said.
The attacks came shortly after Israeli forces unleashed an eight-hour artillery barrage against Hezbollah strongholds in the Syrian- controlled Bekaa Valley, police in Rashaya said.
Mitchell, drafted in only after world and Olympic champion Linford Christie was injured, won in 10.07 ahead of new world record holder Burrell, who could only clock 10.11.
Lewis, branded recently "an empty vessel" by Christie, fared even worse as he faded into fourth in a modest 10.23 after being overtaken by compatriot Jon Drummond.
Christie was forced to miss the race after suffering a slight hamstring tear at the Crystal Palace grand prix meeting, where Drummond beat him in the 100m.
Speaking after more than 1,000 workers marched on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) downtown here in solidarity with striking colleagues, Congress of South African Trade Unions (COSATU) executive Velaphi Nkosi warned of protests on "an unprecedented scale" if the labour crisis was not resolved by the end of the month.
"If our demands are not met, the action will definitely go on," Nkosi told journalists after the march.
Lewis admitted: "I didn't get going after a bad start."
His lawyer Guido Viola said Sciascia told the judge finance police officers made him pay 130 million lire (82,000 dollars) in 1992 after a tax audit of the Mondadori publishing house which is owned by Fininvest.
Sciascia also admitted to making two payments of 100 million lire each in 1989 after tax audits at two other companies of the Videotime and Mediolanum groups.
The dollar fell against the yen to 98.70 yen from 98.80 at the close Friday the day after failure in talks between the United States and Japan to increase access to the Japanese market for public tenders.
"We believe that it's now done," he said after meeting with Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd and Alistair Goodlad, minister for Hong Kong affairs.
China has vowed to scrap Patten's reforms -- which would increase the voting franchise for the 1995 legislative elections -- and hold fresh elections after the handover, probably with a new electoral system that would favor pro-Beijing parties.
Song, 18, moved from Cameroon club Tonnerre de Yaounde on a three-year deal after playing in the World Cup finals.
Gambian borders remain closed  AMDALLAI, Senegal-Gambian border, July 25 (AFP)  Gambia's borders remained closed to foreigners wishing to enter the country Monday afternoon, 72 hours after the coup which ousted long- time president Sir Dawda Jawara, an AFP correspondent said.
Craxi complains of "persecution" after judge asks for 11 years by Beatrice Bretonniere  ROME, July 25 (AFP)  Former Italian prime minister Bettino Craxi, threatened with 11 years in jail over corruption charges, complained Monday that he was a victim of "wilful persecution" and warned of a "coup climate" in Italy.
The head of Ambrosiano, Roberto Calvi, was found hanged from Blackfriars Bridge in London after the collapse.
A warrant had been issued for his arrest Saturday, along with 22 others, just two days after magistrates won back powers to detain corruption suspects following a climbdown by Berlusconi over a controversial decree.
(new series) More troop reinforcements for troubled Indian state  NEW DELHI, July 25 (AFP)  Hundreds of paramilitary reinforcements were sent Monday to the far- eastern Indian state of Assam to beef up security for Moslem settlers after a tribal militant attack left 50 dead.
The killers would not be allowed to go "scot-free," the minister said in a statement in the Lok Sabha, or lower house, after a discussion on the Barpeta massacre.
The warning came after Israel last week blamed Hezbollah and Iran for the July 18 bombing of a Jewish centre in Buenos Aires which killed at least 89 people.
The Israeli threat came after US Secretary of State Warren Christopher shuttled last week between Damascus and Jerusalem without any sign of success in unblocking the peace negotiations between Syria and Israel.
Some 112 seats out of a total of 450 remained vacant after the first two rounds of elections in March and April because turnout on those occasions was also too low.
Negotiations on Jerusalem's status are to begin no later than after two years of Palestinian autonomy, launched in the Gaza Strip and Jericho on May 4.
Mobil lost 1/2 to 84-3/8 after reporting a 65 percent drop in quarterly earnings.
Most southern leaders fled abroad after northern troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh seized their stronghold of Aden on July 7, ending the two-month war.
The government announced Monday the release of some 4,000 prisoners who had backed Saleh's southern rival Ali Salem al-Baid, who declared a breakaway state after war broke out on May 5.
Rabin and King Hussein ratified the Washington Declaration, which was also signed by US President Bill Clinton, after the first public summit between a Jordanian monarch and an Israeli leader.
"The declaration we have signed just now here in Washington is the closest thing to a treaty of peace," Rabin said after the signing ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House.
"What we have accomplished and we are committed to is the end to the state of war between Jordan and Israel," Hussein said after the signing.
Shortly after the signing, Clinton telephoned Syrian President Hafez Assad and told him that the Israel-Jordan accord was "an opportunity to go ahead" in the peace process, said a senior US official.
Despite the potential for controversy, Christopher told reporters after Monday's signing ceremony, "I don't think it should cause trouble."
At that time Israel and the PLO agreed to open discussions on the issue two years after Palestinian self rule took hold in Gaza and the West Bank.
But less than a year after Israel and the PLO signed a historic pact on the White House lawn, the deal between Jordan's King Hussein and Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin shows Clinton can still pull off a diplomatic coup.
The Israeli-Jordanian summit was nowhere near as spectacular as the sight of Rabin and PLO chief Yasser Arafat shaking hands last September 13 after taking the first steps towards limited Palestinian autonomy.
Caldera reimposed curbs on constitutional rights Friday, less than a day after lawmakers restored all but one of them.
Talks would resume Wednesday after further deliberations, government negotiators said, keeping tight-lipped about the discussions.
US temporarily suspends food drops after criticism  UNDATED, July 26 (AFP)  The United States "provisionally suspended" its airlift to Rwandan refugees in camps inside Zaire on Monday after just one day, to sort out glitches that had sparked an outcry from aid workers, a US official said.
Coiffet said he got them to come back after telling them the Serbs would eventually have to hand them over because of diplomatic pressure.
The United Nations mission to Haiti could be also charged with maintaining peace and order, the training of Haitian armed forces and the creation of a new police force after the departure of the military leaders.
The Jordanian officials said the debt cancellation would be made public after Tuesday's joint session of the US Congress where Rabin and the Jordanian monarch are to speak.
Israel, which annexed Jerusalem after the June 1967 war, is refusing to countenance any change in the city's sovereign status in talks on the Jewish state's withdrawal from the occupied territories.
He had tried to make the trip after a very large number of alarming reports on human rights abuses from the Banja Luka region.
Mutilated farmers recount ordeal from hospital beds  FREETOWN, July 26 (AFP)  Three farmers had their ears and left hands cut off after they failed to give rebels details of army positions in eastern Sierra Leone, the men told an AFP correspondent from hospital in Freetown Monday.
The declaration of principles signed by Israel and the PLO last September in Washington provides for discussions on Jerusalem starting not later than two years after the application of Palestinian autonomy in the West Bank and Gaza.
Resolution 904, adopted after an Israeli settler gunned down more than 30 worshippers in a Hebron mosque in February, defined Jerusalem as part of the Israeli-occupied territories, he said.
"On the other hand, the rapid appreciation in the yen's value after 1993 cannot be explained by movements in the equilibrium yen-dollar rate.
The white paper was adopted a day after the release of a survey by the international trade and industry ministry, showing that 97 percent of Japan's small and medium-sized exporters were suffering from the strong yen.
Communal differences widened after Tamil militants butchered hundreds of Sinhalese and Moslem villagers, drawing retaliatory attacks in the mid-1980s and early 1990s.
North Korean troops resume normal exercises: South  SEOUL, July 26 (AFP)  North Korea's armed forces last week resumed normal training, exercises and propaganda broadcasts after two weeks of mourning for Kim Il-Sung, the defence department said Tuesday.
South Korea's armed forces returning to a normal footing last Saturday after an alert prompted by Kim Il-Sung's death July 8, saying that there had been no signs of unusual activity or provocation from across the demilitarized zone.
Bangladeshi stowaways detained on Austrian border  VIENNA, July 26 (AFP)  Thirty-seven refugees from Bangladesh were arrested on the Austrian border at Suben Monday after trying to secretly enter Germany hidden in a Greek truck, customs officials announced.
"The declaration we have signed just now here in Washington is the closest thing to a treaty of peace," Rabin said after the signing ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House.
"What we have accomplished and we are committed to is the end to the state of war between Jordan and Israel," Hussein said after the signing.
Shortly after the signing, Clinton telephoned Syrian President Hafez al-Assad and told him that the Israel-Jordan accord was "an opportunity to go ahead" in the peace process, said a senior US official.
"Many of us in our part of the world, both in Israel and in Jordan, had to begin the inevitable readjustment, psychologically, after so many years of denial of our right to live normally, together, to build and to move ahead," the monarch said.
Despite the potential for  controversy, Christopher told reporters after Monday's signing ceremony, "I  don't think it should cause trouble."
(AFP)     ENTEBBE, Uganda: The United States "provisionally suspended" its airlift  to Rwandan refugees in camps inside Zaire after just one day to sort out  glitches that had sparked an outcry from aid workers.
The grim search for bodies  dragged on a week after a car bomb levelled the seven-storey home to the  headquarters of most of Argentina's main Jewish organizations in the most  deadly attack on Jewish civilians since World War II.
Some 200,000 Poles were killed in Warsaw after two months of fierce resistance that cost 17,000 German lives.
That, coming after the Soviet surprise incursion into eastern Poland in September 1939, set the seal on Russo-Polish enmity for years to come.
China to launch mine safety campaign after massive hike in deaths  BEIJING, July 26 (AFP)  China's labour ministry is to launch a high-profile propaganda campaign to promote safety in the country's mines, following a more than 70-percent hike in the number of deaths this year, China Daily said Tuesday.
Prasong said the dialogue, called the Post-Ministerial Conference (PMC) because it is held each year after the annual ASEAN foreign ministers meeting, had progressed well, but changes were now necessary.
"The attacks increased after the Khmer Rouge formed their own government.
New Zealand's last tobacco growers looking to green tea or kiwifruit  WELLINGTON, July 26 (AFP)  New Zealand's once lucrative tobacco farms are to look now at alternatives like hops, kiwifruit or green tea after multinational Rothmans of Pall Mall announced Tuesday it will stop local buying later this year.
Special Branch threat to reveal undercover operations in row with government  HONG KONG, July 26 (AFP)  Several former Hong Kong Special Branch officers have threatened to reveal details of their clandestine operations in a row with the government over their safety after 1997, a report said Tuesday.
China reduces PLA force for post-97 Hong Kong: report  HONG KONG, July 26 (AFP)  The Chinese army has decided to drastically cut the size of its force in Hong Kong after 1997, but will reinforce numbers across the border, it was reported Tuesday.
Fourteen others, including the Stonecutters Island naval base in Victoria Harbour, will be reserved for the PLA after 1997.
In a brief toast earlier in the evening, King Hussein said that Israel and Jordan had begun "the inevitable readjustment, psychologically, after so many years of denial of our right to live normally..."
Rwanda facing famine after genocide, scientists warn by Jack Taylor  SYDNEY, July 26 (AFP)  Australian agricultural scientists have launched an international effort to save Rwanda from a famine they say could kill more people than the genocide and disease since war broke out in April.
The warning came after Israel last week blamed Hezbollah and Iran for the July 18 bombing of a Jewish centre in Buenos Aires which killed at least 89 people.
Seasoning is properly done," Murayama said after trying four freeze-dried dishes with his cabinet ministers.
The US spacecraft returned to Earth last Saturday after a two-week trip.
Charges for telephones, buses and underground railways by public operators are expected to rise later next year after being frozen in May by former prime minister Tsutomu Hata.
It has nothing to do with the ASEAN-European Union relationship," Alatas told reporters after the ministers emerged from their first round of talks.
Shipyard strikers stockpile food against police intervention  SEOUL, July 26 (AFP)  Militant strikers stockpiled food and reinforced barricades Tuesday at South Korea's largest shipyard after management threatened to call in police to end their month-long strike.
"This statement which may make the PLO shrug their shoulders only reflects current reality," Rabin told Israeli radio from Washington after he and Jordan's King Hussein signed a statement recognizing such a role.
Washington focuses on Syria after Hussein-Rabin summit by Andre Viollaz  WASHINGTON, July 26 (AFP)  US officials hope the Israeli-Jordanian summit will compel Syria to make its own peace with Israel and avoid isolation, but they are wary of provoking Syrian President Hafez al-Assad.
Their Washington Declaration came 10 months after Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) signed a statement of principles here.
The Israeli-Jordan move "improves the environment," in the Middle East a senior US official said after the signing ceremony at the White House.
President Bill Clinton, on his part, held a long telephone conversation with Hafez al-Assad immediately after the Washington Declaration was signed.
Shortly after another of Christopher's uneventful visits to the region in May, Lebanon witnessed an outbreak of violence between the Israeli army and the fundamentalist Moslem group Hezbollah, over whom Syria has influence.
Burundi shares the same ethnic composition as neighbouring Rwanda, which plunged into an ethnic bloodbath three months ago after Rwandan president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a suspected rocket attack on his plane on April 6.
The agreement capped eight rounds of drawn-out talks, which started after Seoul and Beijng set up diplomatic ties in August 1992.
Bizimungu said on Mauritian television that he regretted the French humanitarian operation, codenamed Operation Turquoise, had begun so many weeks after the country collapsed in a bloody ethnic war on April 6 following the death of President Juvenal Habyarimana in a suspected rocket attack on his plane.
Moscow never recognized Chechnya's independence, but the republic's status within the Russian Federation has remained hazy after Yeltsin was forced by political opposition in 1992 to withdraw troops he had deployed there in an effort to regain control over Chechnya.
South Africa face onfield threat after biting controversy  DUNEDIN, New Zealand, July 26 (AFP)  South Africa must put the ear-biting scandal of prop Johan le Roux behind them in time for the toughest provincial match of their New Zealand tour on Wednesday.
Keith Andrews takes the place of Le Roux after his 20-month worldwide ban.
Andrews leads a number of players with renewed hope of Test selection after the 13-9 loss in Wellington in the second Test last Saturday.
Wegner will make his first appearance on tour, after arriving to replace the injured Krynauw Otto last week.
But after staying here alone by myself I think there is a lot of truth in it," Le Roux said.
Gaza has new municipal council  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 26 (AFP)  PLO chief Yasser Arafat has appointed Gaza City's first municipal council, after months of wrangling over the participation of Islamic fundamentalist factions and other groups opposed to his autonomy agreement with Israel.
Solzhenitsyn, a Nobel literature prize winner and Russia's best known living writer, returned to Moscow last week after 20 years of exile.
Two others were missing and presumed dead after the fire triggered by an exploding transformer ripped through Shinhung Fine Chemical Co., (Eds: correct) police said.
Israel-Jordan peace summit sparks row with PLO over Jerusalem by Jean-Luc Renaudie  JERUSALEM, July 26 (AFP)  Israel and the PLO argued Tuesday over the future of Jerusalem after Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin recognized a special Jordanian role in the holy city at his Washington summit with King Hussein.
The declaration of principles signed by Israel and the PLO last September in Washington provides for discussions on Jerusalem starting not later than two years after the application of Palestinian autonomy in the West Bank and Gaza.
On Monday, the coup leader said officers had decided to take action after they were humiliated by the Nigerian-trained presidential guard when they went to the Banjul airport to welcome Jawara back from a visit to London.
Israel seals off two Shiite villages after deadly attacks  NABATIYEH, Lebanon, July 26 (AFP)  The Israeli army on Tuesday erected a wall of sand around two Shiite Moslem villages in south Lebanon in apparent revenge for guerrilla attacks that killed an officer and wounded 13 soldiers.
The latest surge in violence came a week after the July 18 bombing of a Jewish charity in Buenos Aires, which killed at least 89 people.
"Our reaction will be considered put painful for Hezbollah," Israel military coordinator for south Lebanon, Uri Lubrani, said on Israeli military radio after Monday's attacks.
    July 26 (AFP) - The 1000 GMT news advisory:     JERUSALEM:      Israel and the PLO argue over the future of                     Jerusalem after Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin                     recognizes a special Jordanian role in the                     holy city at his Washington summit with King                     Hussein.
The RPF ousted the Hutu majority government early in July after three months of ethnic carnage, in which the Hutu-dominated army and extremist militias have been accused of slaughtering up to a million people.
The bloodbath in Rwanda began after former president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a suspected rocket attack on his plane on April 6.
The hastily-arranged summit between President Boris Yeltsin and his Estonian counterpart, Lennart Meri, comes four days after talks in Helsinki ended in failure, prompting Moscow to suspend the withdrawal of its troops from Estonia.
A senior Russian diplomat quoted by ITAR-TASS news agency said Tuesday however that "a new turn of events" in relations between Russia and Estonia after the summit could not be ruled out.
The general affairs committee will decide after the opening of the UN assembly on September 20 whether to include the interim agenda in the official agenda for discussion, the paper added.
Last year Taiwan failed in its bid after 11 general affairs committee members, headed by China, vetoed a proposal by seven countries to have the membership issue discussed.
China, which separated with Taiwan after the 1949 civil war, has strongly opposed Taipei's admission on the grounds that the island cannot represent the mainland and its admission would only create a "two-China" problem.
But after Taiwan failed in its bid last year, the government here changed its strategy by saying that it would no longer campaign with Beijing to represent all China.
Pakistan facing world soccer ban  KUALA LUMPUR, July (AFP)  World football governing body FIFA is being urged to Pakistan after rival footballing factions sent national teams to an Asian youth qualifying tournament.
Pressure mounts on Berlusconi over conflict of interest by Beatrice Bretonniere  ROME, July 26 (AFP)  Italian premier Silvio Berlusconi came under renewed attack Tuesday over conflict of interest, after his Fininvest media empire became ensnared in a corruption probe.
"One of the first jobs of a liberal government is to put together an anti-trust law," he added, echoing an opposition demand made right after Berlusconi's victory three months ago.
His visit comes after an inconclusive meeting in Moscow Monday at which international negotiators tried to work out further details on the plan's constitutional implications, to obtain Bosnian Serb acceptance for the plan.
Briton finds Polish father after 48 years  WARSAW, July 26 (AFP)  Briton Joseph Jones, 48, met his Polish father Jozef Jonczyk for the first time here after following up his mother's death-bed confession, the agency PAP reported Tuesday.
President Bill Clinton telephoned Syrian leader Hafez al-Assad immediately after the declaration was signed to tell him that it was "an opportunity to go ahead" in the peace process, a US official said.
Mobutu, speaking after talks with Rwanda's new president Pasteur Bizimungu in Mauritius, said his country would "disarm Rwandan soldiers sheltering in Zaire."
A statement issued after the meetings added: "Zaire will not allow its territory to serve as a base for attacks".
On Monday, the coup leader said officers had decided to take action after they were humiliated by the Nigerian-trained presidential guard when they went to the Banjul airport to welcome Jawara back from a visit to London.
Nguon Nonn was arrested July 9 after publishing articles linking high- ranking security officials to the Cambodia's recent abortive coup.
Weathermen forecast Typhoon Walt would dissipate off the southern coast Tuesday night after sprinkling only limited coastal areas.
Emergency services took more than two hours to clear the motorway after the accident.
"Our reaction will be considered but painful for Hezbollah," Israel military coordinator for south Lebanon, Uri Lubrani, said on Israeli military radio after Monday's attacks.
The latest surge in violence also came after US Secretary of State Warren Christopher made a new regional peace shuttle last week without any sign of success in unblocking the peace negotiations between Syria and Israel.
But the summit was cancelled after the 82-year-old Stalinist chief's sudden death on July 8.
"In the last few days, the official North Korean press has accused the South Korean authorities of resuming their propaganda war and attacked Seoul for failing to send a message of condolence after the death of Kim Il-Sung," a diplomat, who is an expert on the Korean question, said by phone.
He added that North Koreans and most other diplomats to whom he had spoken believed the government would host enormous festivities after his appointment, as was the case in 1991, when Kim was named armed forces supremo.
But machinery orders in May were negative for the second month in a row while inventories of final-demand goods, shipments of durable goods and the corporate profit outlook all turned negative after being positive in April.
But machinery orders in May were negative for the second month in a row while inventories of final-demand goods, shipments of durable goods and the corporate profit outlook all turned negative after being positive in April.
Mobutu, in a joint statement with Rwanda's new president, Pasteur Bizimungu, issued in Mauritius after talks Monday and Tuesday, said his country would "disarm Rwandan soldiers sheltering in Zaire."
The RPF has always held that the ex-government, formed after President Juvenal Habyarimana died in a suspected rocket attack on his plane on April 6, was simply a "puppet" regime.
Bizimungu said on Mauritian television that he regretted the French humanitarian operation, codenamed Operation Turquoise, had begun so many weeks after the country collapsed in a bloody ethnic war on April 6 following the death of Habyarimana.
Israeli jets blasted strongholds of Iranian-backed Hezbollah guerrillas in southern Lebanon on Monday, after an Israeli soldier was killed in artillery exchanges between the two sides.
"We have decided to gradually resume cultural and educational exchanges with the mainland suspended after the Qiandao Lake incident," Kao Koong-lian, vice chairman of the cabinet-level Mainland Affairs Council (MAC), said.
Seventeen Chinese art groups will be the first to travel to China since the MAC suspended exchanges and reappraised its economic policies towards the mainland in April, after the tourists were robbed and murdered on a pleasure boat on Qiandao Lake, eastern China on March 31, Kao said.
Three Chinese men were later arrested and were executed after admitting carrying out the attack on the boat.
MAC officials said it is time to resume previous exchanges with the mainland after the incident, which they said had now come to a close.
Taiwan outlawed direct contacts with China after the 1949 civil war, which saw the nationalists fleeing here after being defeated by the communists, but it permits indirect activities and cultural and educational exchanges with China.
The incident and a series of disputes between the two, including the repatriation of Chinese hijackers and stowaways, has fuelled tension between the rival governments, especially after China initially maintained the tourist deaths were accidental.
Until now the court had only examined those cases after 1976, the date when former East Germany signed a human rights convention.
"What we're trying to do, after what happened on Sunday, is to find a better site to carry out the parachuting" of supplies, Berthiaume said, again stressing that the first airdrops had been a test mission.
The RPF ousted the Hutu majority government early in July after three months of ethnic carnage, in which the Hutu-dominated army and extremist militias have been accused of slaughtering up to a million people.
Hundreds of thousands of Rwandans fled abroad when the bloodbath began after former president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a suspected rocket attack on his plane on April 6.
Although Hemingway was expelled by Fidel Castro's government after the 1959 revolution and he committed suicide in 1961, that has not stopped Cuban authorities from seeking to capitalize on the Hemingway myth.
Street fighting, looting breaks out in Lagos by Ade Obisesan  LAGOS, July 26 (AFP)  Many people were injured in central Lagos on Tuesday after a street battle broke out among traders at odds over political protests aimed at bringing down Nigeria's military government, witnesses said.
Nigeria faces severe fuel shortages after the oil industry workers, whose union bosses have been holding talks with management and the government, began a strike to press the military to step down.
Schumacher, already fined 25,000 dollars for the incident, was accused of ignoring a five-second stop-and-go penalty, followed by a black flag, at Silverstone on July 10 after he had overtaken British driver Damon Hill on the warm-up lap.
He was also due to appear before a tribunal after being accused of stopping during his victory lap to pick up a Union Jack flag.
Two other drivers, Rubens Barrichello and Mika Hakkinen, could also be punished after colliding on the final bend.
Shortly after the coup when his English was still poor, he reportedly answered intricate policy questions posed by Washington Post editors by saying repeatedly that the world needed more love.
Deutsche Bank's profits fall 12.9 percent after Schneider provision  FRANKFURT, July 26 (AFP)  Deutsche Bank reported a fall of 12.9 percent in net interim profits to 977 million marks (618 million dollars) after provisions of 473 million marks for the collapse of the Schneider property group, the bank said on Tuesday.
The bank said that operating profits, after provisions, in the first half had amounted to 2.66 billion marks which was one percent more than the corresponding result last year.
The hastily arranged summit comes four days after talks in Helsinki ended in failure, prompting Moscow to suspend the withdrawal of its 2,500 troops from Estonia.
Palestinians want East Jerusalem as capital of their future state while Israel, which annexed the eastern sector after capturing from Jordanian control in 1967, has declared Jerusalem its undivided, eternal capital.
The prosecution had also called for a 15-day suspended jail sentence but the court decided the offence should not go down on Rodriguez's record after hearing he was not a violent player and had shown remorse.
"Everyone agreed that constructive engagement is not perfect, but isolation is not the answer, either," a Singapore official said Tuesday after a meeting between the Association of Southeast Asian Nations and its major developed partners.
The delegates were speaking after a closed-door session between ASEAN and its so-called dialogue partners, Australia, Canada, the European Union (EU), Japan, New Zealand, South Korea and the United States.
The shift capped a week in which Rangoon claimed a diplomatic triumph of sorts after attending the annual meeting of ASEAN foreign ministers, preceding the current dialogue talks, as a guest of Thailand.
The ministers from the United States, Russia, Germany, France and Britain will decide at this meeting what measures to take after the Bosnian Serbs rejected their proposed peace plan for Bosnia- Hercegovina.
Schumacher, already fined 25,000 dollars for the incident, was accused of ignoring a five-second stop-and-go penalty, followed by a black flag, at Silverstone on July 10 after he had overtaken Hill on the warm-up lap.
Hill himself avoided a sanction after being accused of stopping during his victory lap to pick up a Union Jack flag.
Two other drivers, Rubens Barrichello and Mika Hakkinen, were given a suspended one-race ban after colliding on the final bend at Silverstone.
Former Test players Geoffrey Boycott and Jonathan Agnew, along with leading British newspaper The Times, called upon him to quit after TV pictures clearly showed him rubbing something into the ball during Saturday's play in the first Test match against South Africa.
Gooch, aged 41, resigned as England captain last summer after a long- run of Test defeats, and his reappointment would be widely seen as a step backwards.
Angola plunged back into renewed civil war after UNITA lost UN- supervised general elections held in September 1992 under a first peace pact signed in May 1991.
The Khmer Rouge were believed to have fired the shells from Baan Nong Ian village inside Thailand, after sneaking across the border, dragging the mobile guns with them and carrying ammunition on bicycles, the officer told reporters.
"We hope to bring together sufficient forces to field a coherent (UN) operation on the ground," the official said after a meeting Monday of countries contributing to the UN mission in Rwanda.
He said the United Nations hoped that some Francophone African countries participating in Operation Turquoise would keep their troops in Rwanda after the departure of the French soldiers.
(picture) Banned Jewish extremists teach youths to kill at summer camps  JERUSALEM, July 26 (AFP)  Israeli police were investigating Tuesday after the outlawed anti-Arab Kach movement held a two-day paramilitary training course for teenagers in a settlement near the West Bank town of Hebron.
Police spokesman Eric Bar Chen said the police were checking after reports in the press of arms training and indoctrination on a summer camp at the hardline Jewish colony of Kyriat Arba.
Police and firemen said several people were believed trapped inside the embassy and consulate buildings two hours after the 12:10 p.m. (11H10gmt) blast, which caused heavy damage to the buildings.
The blast, 24 hours after an historic agreement in Washington between Israel and Jordan ending their 46-year-old state of war, was heard miles away.
Rabin was commenting in a NBC television interview shortly after a powerful car bomb exploded in central London near the Israeli embassy and consulate  slightly injuring eight people.
Rabin was speaking the day after signing an historic declaration with King Hussein of Jordan ending 46 years of hostilities between the two countries.
The bloodbath began after the April 6 death in a suspected rocket attack on his plane of president Juvenal Habyarimana, whose government last year struck a deal with the RPF to bring the minority Tutsis into government.
In a joint statement issed with Bizimungu after two days of talks, Mobutu said his country would "disarm Rwandan soldiers sheltering in Zaire."
The editor, Nguon Nonn of Dam Ning Pil Prek (Morning News), was arrested July 9 after publishing articles implicating high-ranking security officials in the Cambodia's recent failed putsh.
Police and  firemen said several people were believed trapped inside the embassy and  consulate buildings two hours after the blast, which caused heavy damage to  the buildings.
The blast came 24 hours after an historic agreement in  Washington between Israel and Jordan ending their 46-year-old state of war.
 Mobutu, in a joint statement with Rwanda's new president, Pasteur Bizimungu,  issued in Mauritius after talks Monday and Tuesday, said his country would  "disarm Rwandan soldiers sheltering in Zaire."
(AFP)     LAGOS: Many people were injured in central Lagos after a street battle  broke out among traders at odds over political protests aimed at bringing down  Nigeria's military government, witnesses said.
Pole drowns after brawl with Berlin youths  BERLIN, July 26 (AFP)  A Polish national drowned in the Spree river here overnight after German youths stopped him from getting ashore when he tried to rescue a compatriot they had pushed into the water, police said.
The eight Germans, aged 13 to 24, had been drinking with the two men on the river bank but they started insulting the two after a brawl, calling them "dirty polacks."
The youths then pushed one man into the water and his compatriot drowned after he came to his rescue when the youths stopped the two from returning to the river bank.
Schumacher refused to comment after the hearing.
Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic said after a meeting here Tuesday with Jack Cunningham, the British Labour Party's foreign affairs spokesman, that the withdrawal of UNPROFOR should be a process "parallel to the arrival of NATO troops to Bosnia."
A police source said officers were forced to fire teargas at the secular students and baton charge them after they exploded crudely- made bombs near a fundamentalist rally adressed by Jamaat-e-Islami party chief Golam Azam to mark his first year in office.
Jamaat kept Azam's whereabouts secret after he arrived in Chittagong on Sunday, a traditional party stronghold.
He became defacto party chief while in exile in Paksitan and reassumed the leadership in July last year, after the Supreme Court rejected a government petition for the stay of a lower court verdict restoring Azam's citizenship.
Workers are bitter that after being urged to tighten their belts while ESAP did its job of kick-starting the economy, the ruling Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front (ZANU-PF) politicians -- whom they blame for the mess in the first place -- have awarded themselves hefty pay rises.
The blast, 24 hours after an historic agreement in Washington between Israel and Jordan ending their 46-year-old state of war, was heard miles away.
"There is no doubt in my mind that we face a wave of extreme Islamic radical terrorist movements in the Arab Moslem countries," Rabin said in an NBC television interview shortly after the London blast.
Displaced Croats have been blocking UN control points since the beginning of July, blaming the United Nations for the fact they remain "refugees in our own country" after being forced from their homes by the separatist Serbs of Krajina more than two years ago.
The Dow Jones index of blue chip stocks shed 4.86 points shortly after the opening at 3,736.98.
Chevron shed 1-3/4 points to 42 after announcing second-quarter results that were worse than expected and included an 11 percent drop in turnover compared to the same period in 1993.
Eastman Kodak was off 3/8 to 49-1/8 after announcing that its second- quarter profits were down to 79 cents a share, against 1.13 dollars a year earlier.
                    Britain-blast,5thlead                     600 words moved     WASHINGTON:     King Hussein of Jordan and Israeli Prime                     Minister Yitzhak Rabin address a joint                     session of Congress the day after signing                     an historic declaration ending 46 years                     of hostility.
Rabin, Hussein address joint session of Congress  WASHINGTON, July 26 (AFP)  Jordan's King Hussein and Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin addressed a joint session of Congress here Tuesday, a day after signing an historic document ending 46 years of hostilities between their countries.
The accord would also ensure that retired Russian military officers in Estonia are treated as "equal to Estonian citizens," ITAR-TASS news agency quoted Yeltsin as saying after talks with Estonian President Lennart Meri.
Klein's interview was published just hours after Parizeau warned polticians from other provinces to mind their own business and leave Quebec to decide its own future.
The accord would also ensure that retired Russian military officers in Estonia were treated as "equal to Estonian citizens," ITAR-TASS news agency quoted Yeltsin as saying after talks with Estonian President Lennart Meri.
Yassin, who founded HAMAS in December 1987, was arrested in a major 1989 crackdown shortly after Saadon and another Israeli soldier were killed.
The black homelands, created by apartheid to keep rump South Africa white, were reincorporated into the rest of the country after the election that ended more than 300 years of white-minority rule.
Rabin, Hussein address joint session of Congress  WASHINGTON, July 26 (AFP)  Jordan's King Hussein and Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin addressed a joint session of Congress here Tuesday, a day after signing an historic document ending 46 years of hostilities between their countries.
The accord signed at the Kremlin would also ensure that retired Russian military officers in Estonia are treated as "equal to Estonian citizens," ITAR-TASS news agency quoted Yeltsin as saying after talks with Estonian President Lennart Meri.
Some 2,500 Russian troops remain in Estonia and their withdrawal was halted during the weekend after the breakdown of talks in Helsinki last week.
Chevron shed 1-5/8 points to 42-1/8 after announcing second-quarter results that were worse than expected and included an 11 percent drop in turnover compared to the same period in 1993.
Eastman Kodak was off 1-1/8 points to 48-3/8 after announcing that its second-quarter profits were down to 79 cents a share, against 1.13 dollars a year earlier.
Lavelle died of head injuries two days after the incident, in which Hardy had allegedly "poleaxed" him with an uppercut to the jaw.
"We will give the Israeli government until after the seven o'clock Arabic news broadcast on Friday 29/7/1994 to respond to this initiative."
Arafat lobbies Arab support in Jerusalem row by Jean-Luc Renaudie  JERUSALEM, July 26 (AFP)  PLO leader Yasser Arafat lobbied Arab leaders on Tuesday for support on the Palestinian claim to Jerusalem after Israel recognized that Jordan had a stake in the disputed holy city.
Palestinians want East Jerusalem as capital of their future state while Israel, which annexed the eastern sector after capturing it from Jordanian control in 1967, has declared Jerusalem its undivided, eternal capital.
Speaking in Mauritius after talks with Zaire's President Mobutu Sese Seko over the refugee crisis, Bizimungu he told France's private RTL radio that most of the refugees were innocent victims of the bloodbath in the central African nation, which has left up to one million dead.
Nanto predicted Japan would emerge from recession later this year, and forecast Japanese growth at a rate of about 2.5 percent annually through the late 1990's, and at about two percent per year after 2000.
On Monday, the coup leader said officers had decided to take action after they were humiliated by the Nigerian-trained presidential guard when they went to the Banjul airport to welcome Jawara back from a visit to London.
He also regretted that the European Union cut its aid to Gambia after the coup.
Unlike 1981 when it intervened militarily in Gambia to return the president to power, Senegal has maintained a strict neutrality after last week's coup.
Emergency services took more than two hours to clear the motorway after the accident.
(AFP)     Effenberg wants out     ROME: German international Stefan Effenberg, sent home in disgrace from  the World Cup for making an obscene gesture at fans, wants to leave Italian  club Fiorentina after reports it was set to sign Brazilian Marcio Santos.
Rabin, Hussein address joint session of Congress by Sue Kendall  WASHINGTON, July 26 (AFP)  Jordan's King Hussein and Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin reaffirmed their commitment to peace in an unprecedented appearance before a joint session of Congress here Tuesday, a day after signing an historic document ending 46 years of hostilities between their countries.
"Beyond the ceremonies, after the festivities, we will move on to the negotiations.
The head of Ambrosiano, Roberto Calvi, was found hanged from Blackfriars Bridge in London after the collapse.
Displaced Croats have been blocking UN control points since the beginning of July, blaming the United Nations for the fact they remain "refugees in our own country" after being forced from their homes by the separatist Serbs more than two years ago.
However, former England players Geoffrey Boycott and Jonathan Agnew, along with leading British newspaper The Times, had earlier said Atherton should quit after TV pictures clearly showed him rubbing something into the ball during the first Test match against South Africa.
Gooch, aged 41, resigned as England captain last summer after a long- run of Test defeats, and his reappointment would be widely seen as a step backwards.
"Today we signed an agreement on social guarantees for military pensioners under which, from today, their rights are equal to those of Estonian citizens," Russian President Boris Yeltsin told ITAR-TASS after talks with Estonian President Lennart Meri.
The talks between Yeltsin and Meri, which stretched hours beyond the allotted schedule, came less than a week after lower-level negotiations in Helsinki ended in failure and were described by Yeltsin as "difficult."
Meri told a news conference after the signing ceremony that the agreements were "in line" with Estonian legislation and that Estonian law would be upheld under the accords, which he said were of "major international significance."
On Monday, the coup leader said officers had decided to take action after they were humiliated by the Nigerian-trained presidential guard when they went to the Banjul airport to welcome Jawara back from a visit to London.
He also regretted that the European Union cut its aid to Gambia after the coup.
Unlike 1981 when it intervened militarily in Gambia to return the president to power, Senegal has maintained a strict neutrality after last week's coup.
Mabbutt suffered a fractured cheekbone and severe damage to his right eye socket damage after the collision with Fashanu last season.
But the Spurs player said on Monday: "Thanks to the expertise of the surgeons who have looked after me, there has been no permanent damage.
"To say that progress in the other tracks has weakened Syria does not correspond with reality," Shara said after meeting French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur.
Soon after the fires broke out Wednesday, he said, the town was threatened as winds drove it towards populated areas.
World Cup legacy in question  WASHINGTON, July 26 (AFP)  Even as the cheers of Brazilian football fans subside after their team's World Cup triumph, US football is showing why the sport has never caught major support in the United States.
Police arrested Lawrence July 19 outside Madonna's home after he scaled a fence.
RJR Nabisco's profits were virtually unchanged from the first quarter of 1994 at 241 million dollars (12 cents per share) after an one-time charge of 145 million dollars, against 240 million dollars (19 cents per share) during the same period of 1993.
World Cup legacy in question  WASHINGTON, July 26 (AFP)  Even as the cheers of Brazilian football fans subside after their team's World Cup triumph, US football is showing why the sport has never caught major support in the United States.
Italy's rightwing government was forced into a humilitating retreat last week after issuing a controversial decree which aimed to clip magistrates' powers to detain corruption suspects, a move which sparked widespread outrage and a political crisis within the three- member governing coalition.
Ambrose, returning for his second spell with Worcester 77 for three in pursuit of a modest Northants' score of 128, removed David Leatherdale, Tom Moody, Kevin Curran and captain Tim Curtis after Gavin Haynes had been run out.
An official Jewish spokesman said stricter security had been requested last week after 95 people died in a similar attack in Buenos Aires.
The announcement came as police said security would be increased around Jewish buildings in London after at least 15 people were injured in Tuesday's attack.
The blast, 24 hours after a historic agreement in Washington between Israel and Jordan ending their 46-year-old state of war, was heard miles away.
"There is no doubt in my mind that we face a wave of extreme Islamic radical terrorist movements in the Arab Moslem countries," Rabin said in an NBC television interview shortly after the London blast.
The president told reporters after a meeting with UN officials that UNPROFOR "told us they could not provide security for that road."
The powerful blast at the Rockwell International's Rocketdyne Division ignited a brush fire that was brought under control after an hour, said Rockwell spokeswoman Marylou Kromer.
The southern port city of Aden was sealed off on July 16 to curb large-scale looting after its fall.
He was speaking after the first day of annual talks here between the foreign ministers of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations and their seven major trading partners, including the United States and the European Union.
Kigali airport, which was heavily shelled just after the plane carrying former president Juvenal Habyarimana crashed before landing, would have to be refurbished if it was to be made the hub of humanitarian operations.
Fire fighters battled for four hours to put out a blaze after the explosion.
Seven detained after neo-Nazis vandalize Buchenwald memorial  ERFURT, Germany, July 26 (AFP)  Seven people were arrested and charged with assault and public order offences Tuesday after neo-Nazis rampaged through the former Buchenwald concentration camp at the weekend, the public prosecutor's office said.
They also caused some damage after throwing stones.
But Thuringia's chief minister Bernard Vogel, a member of Chancellor Helmut Kohl's conservative Christian Democratic Union party, said it was "no longer acceptable that assailants are released after an identity check because they have a permanent residence."
Kigali airport, which was heavily shelled just after the plane carrying former president Juvenal Habyarimana crashed before landing, would have to be refurbished if it was to be made the hub of humanitarian operations.
Berlusconi attacks "government by magistrates"  ROME, July 26 (AFP)  Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, under pressure after his Fininvest conglomerate became ensnared in a corruption probe, Tuesday lashed out at what he called "government by magistrates."
Norwegian charge d'affaires summoned over Greenpeace whale row  THE HAGUE, July 26 (AFP)  The Dutch foreign ministry Monday summoned the Norwegian charge d'affaires here for talks after coastguards seized two Greenpeace vessels protest whaling, a ministry statement said Tuesday.
According to Dutch news agency ANP Norwegian police released the two activists after charging with obstructing coastguards.
French troops had returned fire after coming under attack in the Cyangugu area on Monday and Tuesday said Bolelli, adding: "None of our side were injured and I do not think there were any deaths among the militants."
Deputy US Trade Representative Charlene Barshefsky is due back in Washington from her Asian trip on Wednesday, and there may be an announcement after that on a new round of talks.
Washington wants Tokyo to increase its purchases of foreign telecommunications and medical equipment, as well as computers and satellites, one of the three priority areas in trade talks which resumed in June after a three-month suspension.
Kantor's June 30 decision to give Japan another month came a day after Tomiichi Murayama was elected Japan's first Socialist premier in more than 40 years.
Japanese deputy foreign minister for economic affairs, Sadayuki Hayashi, said after the Hong Kong talks however that more talks would be held, although he did not say when.
Kigali airport, which was heavily shelled just after the plane carrying former president Juvenal Habyarimana crashed before landing, would have to be refurbished if it was to be made the hub of humanitarian operations.
But Elway expects Denver to come together quickly after two weeks of workouts.
The millionaire businessman, presumed winner of presidential elections in June 1993 but annulled by the military, is in prison awaiting trial on treason charges after declaring the military regime illegal in mid- June and declaring himself head of state.
Eleven of the injured remained unconscious after being brought to the college hospital, it added.
Aussie meat declared safe for humans after passing dog test  FREETOWN, July 26 (AFP)  Two containers of suspect Australian meat were declared safe for human consumption here after Sierra Leonean officials fed samples to dogs, officials said here Tuesday.
The two 40-foot containers were brought into the country last month by a local firm after the United States rejected them on the grounds of "pathological defects and contamination."
The meat was nevertheless declared fit for human consumption by officials at the Department of Agriculture, after a series of tests including feeding it to dogs.
Terrorism will not undermine Middle East peace effort: Clinton by Sue Kendall  WASHINGTON, July 26 (AFP)  The US, Israeli and Jordanian leaders condemned anti-Jewish terrorism here Tuesday and said they would not allow it to derail the Middle East peace process, a day after Israel and Jordan formally ended 46 years of hostilities.
But barely 24 hours after the signing of the Washington Declaration came a stark reminder of the opposition to the peace process, with a car bombing in London Tuesday that rocked the Israeli embassy and left 15 people injured.
"Beyond the ceremonies, after the festivities, we will move on to the negotiations.
"To say that progress in the other tracks has weakened Syria does not correspond with reality," Shara told reporters in Paris after meeting French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur.
Second seeded Todd Martin and number three Michael Chang of the United States plus number seven Marc Rosset of Switzerland had their openers delayed after receiving first-round byes.
Bosnian president Alija Izetbegovic said after meeting with senior UN officials that the UNPROFOR told the Bosnian side they "could not provide security for that road".
The closure comes after last week's suspension of aid flights to Sarajevo airport after five UN planes were fired at in three consecutive days.
The United Market printed the story on some 40,000 shopping bags, but pulled the bags from distribution after protests and threats of boycotts, co-owner Bill Daniel said Tuesday.
Burundi shares the same ethnic composition as neighbouring Rwanda, which plunged into an ethnic bloodbath three months ago after Rwandan president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a suspected rocket attack on his plane on April 6.
Menalco Solis, head of the Defense and National Security Council, told reporters the bomb was placed in the cabin of the plane, which exploded and burst in two pieces after taking off on a flight to Panama City from the Atlantic port of Colon.
Blast rocks London -- only hours after Israeli embassy flattened by bomb  LONDON, July 27 (AFP)  An explosion rocked north London in the early hours of Wednesday morning -- only hours after a bomb partially flattened Israeli embassy buildings in the centre of the capital and injured some 15 people.
The blast, 24 hours after a historic agreement in Washington between Israel and Jordan ending their 46-year-old state of war, was heard miles away.
Blast rocks London -- only hours after Israeli embassy flattened by bomb  LONDON, July 27 (AFP)  An explosion rocked north London in the early hours of Wednesday morning -- only hours after a bomb partially flattened Israeli embassy buildings in the centre of the capital and injured some 15 people.
The blast, 24 hours after a historic agreement in Washington between Israel and Jordan ending their 46-year-old state of war, was heard miles away.
"I believe they have got an infrastructure of terror throughout the world" and were engaged in an "all-out war" whose purpose is to block peace, Rabin said a day after the signature of a declaration ending 46 years of hostility with Jordan.
Clinton will also ask for the release of prominent Nigerians, including Moshood Abiola, who was arrested for treason after attempting to form a government based on his apparently winning the 1993 presidential elections, a US official said.
Second London blast injures three people  LONDON, July 27 (AFP)  An explosion rocked north London early Wednesday, injuring three people, police said, only hours after a bomb wrecked Israeli embassy buildings in the centre of the capital and injured some 15 people.
The blast, 24 hours after a historic agreement in Washington between Israel and Jordan ending their 46-year-old state of war, was heard miles away.
   Wednesday, July 27 (since 1500 GMT Tuesday)     WASHINGTON: US, Israeli and Jordanian leaders condemned anti-Jewish  terrorism and said they would not allow it to derail the Middle East peace  process, a day after Israel and Jordan formally ended 46 years of hostilities.
 But barely 24 hours after the signing of the Washington Declaration came a  stark reminder of the opposition to the peace process, with a car bombing in  London Tuesday that rocked the Israeli embassy and left 15 people injured.
(AFP)     LONDON: An explosion rocked north London in the early hours of Wednesday  morning, only hours after a bomb severely damaged Israeli embassy buildings in  the capital and injured some 15 people.
At noon on Tuesday, explosives hidden inside a car partially  flattened Israeli embassy buildings in central London, a day after a historic  agreement was signed in Washington between Israel and Jordan.
Ugandan army intercepts arms after battle with northern rebels  KAMPALA, July 27 (AFP)  Ugandan government forces have intercepted lethal arms from southern Sudan destined for rebels operating in northern Uganda, the official New Vision newspaper reported here on Tuesday.
New vision said the government's National Resistance Army (NRA) had intercepted the arms after a bloody battle Friday with Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) rebels at Agaro in Kitgum district, 420 kilometres (262 miles) north of here.
William Nyuon Bany is reportedly the number three in the SPLA-United faction after its leader Riek Machar and Kerubino Kwanyin Bol.
The LRA rebels, led by former Roman Catholic catechist Joseph Kony, are remnants of the Holy Spirit Battalion of voodoo priestess Alice Lakwena, who fled to Kenya in December 1987 after her forces collapsed before an NRA military onslaught.
Second London blast injures five people  LONDON, July 27 (AFP)  An explosion outside the London offices of Jewish and Israeli organisations slightly injured at least five people early Wednesday, hospital sources said, hours after a car bomb wrecked Israeli embassy buildings in central London.
The blast, 24 hours after a historic agreement in Washington between Israel and Jordan ending their 46-year-old state of war, was heard miles away.
Second London blast injures five people  LONDON, July 27 (AFP)  A car bomb explosion outside London offices of Jewish and Israeli organisations slightly injured five people early Wednesday, hours after a car bomb wrecked Israeli embassy buildings in central London, police said.
The blast, 24 hours after a historic agreement in Washington between Israel and Jordan ending their 46-year-old state of war, was heard miles away.
Tourists deported for Dalai Lama cassette: Tibet Information Network  LONDON, July 27 (AFP)  Two American tourists in Tibet were interrogated by Chinese police for four days and then deported after giving a monk a recording of a speech by the Dalai Lama, the Tibet Information Network said Wednesday.
TIN said there was no news of what happened to the monk who accepted the tape, but said that last year five monks from Tashilunpo were imprisoned after being found with books by the Dalai Lama.
Dream Team II opens with victory  CHARLOTTE, North Carolina, July 26 (AFP)  Six days after their first practice together, "Dream Team II" overpowered Germany 114-81 here Tuesday.
Nasreen went into hiding after a first warrant was issued in early June.
    Joost van der Westhuizen scored a try for South Africa after 16 seconds  but Otago fought back through a John Leslie try and a conversion and four  penalties from Jeff Wilson.
Taiwan's first forex brokerage firm opens  TAIPEI, July 27 (AFP)  Taiwan's first foreign exchange firm opened Wednesday, one year after the authorities liberalized currency trading to boost the island's bid to become a regional financial hub.
"One human rights violation after another is piled upon the victim," the report said.
In April 1994, Hafez Faruk Sajjad was stoned to death in the town of Gujranwala after it was broadcast over the town mosque's public address system that a Christian had burned a copy of the Koran, Amnesty said.
The country hopes to balance its trade this year, after suffering a deficit of 12.2 billion dollars in 1993, the first shortfall since 1989.
"I believe they have got an infrastructure of terror throughout the world" and were engaged in an "all-out war" whose purpose is to block peace, Rabin said a day after the signature of a declaration ending 46 years of hostility with Jordan.
South African manager angry at biter's claims  DUNEDIN, New Zealand, July 27 (AFP)  South African rugby manager Jannie Engelbrecht on Wednesday hit out at claims by disgraced prop Johan le Roux that he was deserted by his team and management after being expelled.
Le Roux was thrown out of the New Zealand tour after biting All Black captain Sean Fitzpatrick's left ear during last Saturday's second test defeat in Wellington.
The move comes only a week after the prime minister was forced into a humiliating retreat over his decree to limit magistrates' rights to detain suspects.
Kumho Inc., a leading autotire maker which started normal operations on Monday after the end of a 31-day strike, chalked up a 112.1 billion won sales loss, 38 million dollars of which the  company said came from export losses.
It went off just hours after a car-bomb rocked the embassy in central London leaving 15 people hurt.
The bombings came a week after a similar blast destroyed a Jewish charity building in Buenos Aires killing at least 95 people.
China, which was a founding member of GATT but withdrew after the communists came to power in 1949, has made clear it attaches great political significance to being readmitted before January 1, when GATT will be replaced by the World Trade Organisation (WTO).
    Joost van der Westhuizen scored a try for South Africa after 16 seconds  but Otago fought back through a John Leslie try and a conversion and four  penalties from Jeff Wilson.
Rand recovers after support from Reserve Bank  JOHANNESBURG, July 27 (AFP)  The rand, which touched a record low of 3.7155 to the dollar on Tuesday, recovered early Wednesday to 3.6815/30 after the Reserve (central) Bank said it had given "fairly sizeable" support to the local unit.
South African manager angry at biter's claims  DUNEDIN, New Zealand, July 27 (AFP)  South African rugby manager Jannie Engelbrecht on Wednesday hit out at claims by disgraced prop Johan le Roux that he was deserted by his team and management after being expelled.
Le Roux was thrown out of the New Zealand tour after biting All Black captain Sean Fitzpatrick's left ear during last Saturday's second test defeat in Wellington.
Jiang lashed out at militant supporters of the Dalai Lama, the Tibetan spiritual leader and Nobel Peace laureate, who fled into exile in 1959 after an abortive uprising against Chinese rule.
Three seeds had their games postponed -- second seed Todd Martin, number three Michael Chang of the United States and Switzerland's Marc Rossett (seeded seven) -- after having first round byes.
Yeltsin made the remarks a day after he and Estonian President Lennart Meri agreed terms on the pullout of the 2,500 Russian troops remaining in the Baltic state by August 31 during last-ditch marathon talks at the Kremlin.
It went off just hours after a car-bomb rocked the embassy in central London leaving 15 people hurt.
The bombings came a week after a similar blast destroyed a Jewish charity building in Buenos Aires killing at least 95 people.
The judge said that after initial enquiries the court had decided on June 23 to confiscate at least six computers and 300 floppy discs found in the five firms in order to "preserve evidence and property."
China's failure to enforce copyright protection legislation led Washington last month to designate it as a priority foreign country under the US Trade Act's Super 301 provision, which calls for a six- month investigation, with a possible 90-day extension, after which sanctions will be imposed.
Second-seeded Todd Martin, Michael Chang (3), both of the United States, and Marc Rosset (7) of Switzerland had their second-round games delayed after all had first-round byes.
AITA president R.K. Khanna said the decision was taken by team coach Jaideep Mukherjee after consulting with main hope Leander Paes.
Paes, a former Wimbledon and US junior champion, leads India's feeble challenge after the retirement of touch artiste Ramesh Krishnan last year.
Ng Po-keung, 53, called it off after the highest bid -- from a man he named only as Wong -- reached only 4.8 million dollars (618,556).
He said his decision to sell the licence did not mean he did not have confidence in the territory after 1997.
He said he intended to use the proceeds of the sale to invest in China after he received his US citizenship.
The move comes only a week after the prime minister was forced into a humiliating retreat over his decree to limit magistrates' rights to detain suspects.
Berlusconi, after harshly cirticising the magistrates in the "clean hands" enquiry, held meetings overnight in his Roman home with Gianfranco Fini, leader of the neo-fascist National Allicance, and the head of the federalist Northern League, Umberto Bossi, who are in the government coalition.
The fighting came after Israel warned on Tuesday it would take "painful" reprisals against Iranian-backed Hezbollah guerrillas following attacks on Monday that left an Israeli soldier dead and 13 others wounded.
Israel calls for international action against Islamic terror by Charly Wegman  JERUSALEM, July 27 (AFP)  Israel demanded concerted international action against Islamic terror on Wednesday after two car-bombings in London followed the murder of 95 people in a Buenos Aires blast.
Rabin's anti-terrorism chief issued a warning Wednesday for Israelis abroad to be on the alert against more attacks after 20 were lightly wounded in London.
Israel's military attache in London accused British police on Wednesday of "negligence" after a second anti-semitic blast in the capital.
It went off just hours after a car-bomb rocked the embassy in central London leaving 15 people hurt.
"The best way to confront the Khmer Rouge and the best way to confront the challenges facing Cambodia is by developing the country," US ambassador Charles Twining said after he and Cambodian Foreign Minister Prince Norodom Sirivudh signed the three grant agreements.
The accord, which has seen the foreign share of the Japanese chip market gradually rise to more than 20 percent, could have been scrapped after three years if both sides agreed.
Abiola has been arrested and faces trial for treason after he last month declared himself head of state and commander-in-chief of the armed forces.
It argued the decision, made after Schumacher ignored a black flag calling him into the pits at the British Grand Prix, would cheat more than 250,000 fans at the German race at Hockenheim this weekend.
The 63-year-old prime minister is the third highest official in North Korea, ranked only after Kim Jong-Il, and People's Armed Forces Minister O Jin-U.
He said he had defected because he had become implicated in military faction fighting in 1989, and was imprisoned for two years after being denounced by a rival faction.
Its closure, coming after heavy and small arms fire in Sarajevo intensified overnight, effectively placed the city back under siege.
The closure comes after last week's suspension of aid flights to Sarajevo airport after five UN planes were fired at.
    July 27 (AFP) - The 1000 GMT news advisory:     LONDON:         London braces for a wave of Middle East                     oriented violence after car bombs at the                     Israeli embassy and a Jewish charity center                     are blamed on Islamic extremists.
                    Britain-violence,                     600 words around 1100 GMT                     by Allen Nacheman     JERUSALEM:      Israel demands concerted international                     action against Islamic terror after                     two car-bombings in London followed                     the murder of 95 people in a Buenos                     Aires blast.
Ministers dodge questions on Mitterrand's health  PARIS, July 27 (AFP)  Government ministers dodged questions on President Francois Mitterrand's state of health on Wednesday after he chaired his first cabinet meeting since an operation for prostate cancer nine days ago.
But both Paris Saint Germain, with former French international Luis Fernandez in command after the sacking of manager Artur Jorge, and Monaco are still struggling to decide on their final line-ups.
Fernandez must decide whether to offload Brazilian midfielder Rai, who spent most of last season -- and the World Cup final -- on the substitutes' bench after a dramatic loss of form.
Monaco, who host Metz on Friday, have already moved to fill the gap, with Brazilian Da Silva Anderson snapped up from Marseille after an exodus of star names from the south coast club.
The provisional accord will be finalized after three months of follow- up measures, they said.
Opposition plans to shut down airport after polls  COLOMBO, July 27 (AFP)  Sri Lanka's main opposition party Wednesday said it would temporarily close the country's international airport to prevent corrupt politicians fleeing the country if the ruling party lost next month's elections.
The government has mobilised retired security personnel amid fears of violence during and after the polls.
Parliament summons Berlusconi as police search for brother  ROME, July 27 (AFP)  The lower house of parliament Wednesday called on premier Silvio Berlusconi to explain relations between his government and anti- corruption judges after officials said an arrest warrant had been issued for his brother.
Heads of both government and opposition parliamentary groups issued the call after the prime minister Tuesday warned that the magistrates were overstepping their duties and encroaching on politics.
Leading Hong Kong politician was on assasination list: report  HONG KONG, July 27 (AFP)  One of Hong Kong's leading politicians spent two days under police protection following threats against his life shortly after the 1989 military crackdown in China on pro-democracy protests, he said Wednesday.
Legislator Martin Lee, the chairman of the United Democrats of Hong Kong party, confirmed a local newspaper report which quoted police sources as saying the politician had been given protection after intelligence reports said he might be a target for assassination.
Officers and other civil servants in sensitive jobs are concerned they may face persecution after 1997 when Hong Kong reverts to Chinese rule.
Senior counsel C.S. Sharma told the special court hearing the case that Dutt had called a friend in Bombay from Mauritius in April 1993, the month after the bombings, and asked him to remove the weapons from Dutt's home.
Meanwhile the French car ferry Val de Loire operated by Brittany Ferries docked at Roscoff early Wednesday after being turned away Tuesday from Santander.
Jewish community braces for more attacks after two bombs by Allen Nacheman  LONDON, July 27 (AFP)  Britain's Jewish community braced for a wave of sectarian violence Wednesday after car bombs at the Israeli embassy and a Jewish charity center were blamed on Islamic extremists targeting the Middle East peace process.
British Foreign Office Minister Douglas Hogg said after the embassy bombing that he had assured Israeli officials security would be increased, but warned, "I can't pretend that one can guarantee security in an open city like London."
He said officers were running checks on the car at the moment it exploded after seeing a well-dressed middle aged woman of Mediterranean appearance leaving the scene moments after parking it.
British police tighten security, warn of more attacks  LONDON, July 27 (AFP)  London police warned Wednesday against a wave of attacks by "potential suicide bombers" from the Middle East after car bombs hit the Israeli Embassy and a Jewish charity center.
The bomb that partially flattened the embassy, he noted, was detonated minutes after the car carrying it was parked, he said, adding that when a bomber was prepared to cut it that close he should be regarded as a "potential suicide bomber."
The closure of the airport road came after the office of UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) suspended relief flights into Sarajevo after five planes were shot at over a period of three days last week.
Court officials said an arrest warrant was issued for him after Salvatore Sciascia, the Fininvest tax director detained since Monday on bribery charges, told the chief investigating magistrate in Milan, Antonio Di Pietro, that the younger Berlusconi gave him 200 million lire (126,000 dollars) to pay off the finance police during tax audits.
The move comes only a week after the prime minister was forced into a humiliating retreat over his decree to limit magistrates' rights to detain suspects.
Berlusconi's government, which has an overwhelming majority in the House of Deputies, was widely seen as representing a clean slate after years of entrenched political and financial corruption.
EuroDisney was steady at 121 pence after the company had reported a net consolidated loss of 546 million francs in the third quarter.
The 63-year-old North Korean prime minister is the third highest man in North Korea, ranked only after the eldest son of the late president Kim Il-Sung, Kim Jong-Il, and People's Armed Forces Minister O Jin-U.
He said he had defected from the North, leaving behind a 30-year-old wife, Kang Hi-Yong, because he had become implicated in military faction fighting in 1989 and was imprisoned for two years after being denounced by a rival faction.
The cabinet formed by the Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF), drawn mainly from the country's Tutsi minority, was particularly concerned about Hutu former government troops and extremist militias largely blamed for the massacre of up to one million people after president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a plane crash on April 6.
Security was relaxed at checkpoints in Kigali on Wednesday and roadblocks mounted in the weeks after the RPF seized the capital early this month had been dismantled, except outside strategic buildings and hotels where government officials stay and meet.
He said he was engaged in "diplomatic manoeuvres" to try and get the UN to impose sanctions on UNITA which plunged Angola back into renewed civil war after losing UN-supervised general elections held in September 1992 under a first peace pact signed in May 1991.
The vote was first set for July 13 but put off until October 15 after the launch of autonomy was held up.
On Wednesday, the National Union of Metalworkers (NUMSA) and the Chemical Workers' Industrial Union began balloting their 280,000 members for a strike after wage talks with the Steel and Engineering Industries Federation of South Africa broke down.
Under the 20-year deal, Petronas is to supply 500,000 tonnes of liquefied natural gas (LNG) worth 300 million dollars annually to the Japanese firm, Petronas president Azizan Zainul Abidin told reporters after signing the agreement with Tohoku chairman Teruyuki Akema.
Malaysia's 59 trillion cubic feet of reserves makes it Asia's second largest natural gas producer after Indonesia.
Petronas also announced Wednesday it had struck oil off Vietnam, nearly three years after it signed an exploration deal with the national oil and gas corporation PetroVietnam.
The vote was first set for July 13 but put off until October 15 after the launch of autonomy was held up.
Kono to visit Brazil, Argentina  TOKYO, July 27 (AFP)  Japanese Foreign Minister Yohei Kono has tentatively decided to spend a week visiting Brazil and Argentina starting August 28, more than a month after he was first due to vsiit the two countries, a news report said Wednesday.
The Football Association imposed the penalties after finding Tottenham guilty of financial irregularities.
A major factor delaying demobilisation, officially due to end August 15, seems to be that after 16 years of civil war very few soldiers want to enter the new army and nearly all say they want to go home.
It comes as workers in the metal, mining, telecommunications, chemical, and auto sectors prepared Wednesday to hold strike ballots after separate wage talks broke down, adding to the country's already severe winter of labour discontent.
The spokesman made the statement shortly after Tony Baldry, an under secretary at the British Embassy in Cairo, told a press conference, "I understand that Hamas claimed responsability for the car bomb outside the Jewish consualte in London."
Clinton announced an end to the Somalia mission in October last year after a major battle in the capital Mogadishu between US soldiers and Somali clansmen in which 18 US Rangers were killed.
The RPF has accused Paris of arming and backing previous Hutu majority regimes whose troops and militiamen are said to have slaughtered up to a million people after president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a suspected rocket attack on his plane on April 1.
French troops had returned fire after coming under attack in the Cyangugu area on Monday and Tuesday, Bolelli said, adding: "None of our side were injured and I do not think there were any deaths among the militants."
The 1,275-tonne craft with a maximum speed of 34 knots and a helicopter landing pad, was named the "Eilat" after Israel's Red Sea port.
The last Israeli vessel to bear the name was sunk by Egypt on a patrol off Port Said in 1967, just after the June war in the Middle East.
A car bomb exploded outside London offices of Jewish and Israeli organisations early Wednesday injuring five people, hours after another car bomb wrecked Israeli embassy buildings in central London, leaving 15 people hurt.
A judge from the Intellectual Property Rights Chamber of the Beijing Intermediate People's Court said that after initial enquiries, the court had decided on June 23 to confiscate at least six computers and 300 floppy discs found in the five firms in order to "preserve evidence and property," the newspaper reported.
Beijing's failure to enforce copyright protection legislation led Washington last month to designate China as a priority foreign country under the US Trade Act's Super 301 provision, which calls for a six- month investigation, with a possible 90-day extension, after which sanctions will be imposed.
The government of national unity was formed after historic all-race elections in April and is dominated by President Nelson Mandela's African National Congress (ANC).
The two sides agreed after talks in Washington which ended Tuesday to continue the semiconductor agreement for its full five-year term, which ends in July 1996, despite calls from Japanese chipmakers to end the agreement.
The August 1991 accord could have been scrapped after three years if both sides agreed.
The Asahi Bank survey was released two days after a separate survey by the international trade and industry ministry, which showed 97 percent of small- and medium-sized exporters were suffering from the yen's appreciation.
"The price hike has profited coffee growers, but not exporters," said Akum Ginting, chairman of the Association of Indonesian Coffee Exporter (AICE.) Ginting told reporters after attending a business gathering that, with the high bank export credit interest rate of about 18 percent, exporters could not afford to hold stocks.
Although prolonged drought was not likely to affect Indonesia's coffee production, this year's output was expected to decline by 20 percent, mainly because plantations were neglected after years of poor returns, Ginting said.
Angry clients ransack Beijing brokerage offices  BEIJING, July 27 (AFP)  More than 180 angry Beijing residents who invested 2.6 million dollars in the foreign exchange market in Hong Kong, ransacked their broker's office after learning it was to shut down operations, a report said Wednesday.
"We have full and detailed information concerning the fate of the Israeli enemy's soldiers who were killed or went missing during and after the 1982 invasion of Lebanon," the Arabic-language statement said.
The group, founded in the Israeli-occupied territories, broke away from Arafat's Fatah movement over allegations of corruption, two years after the Palestinian intifada, or uprising, erupted in December 1987.
Georgia lost the autonomous republic of Abkhazia, situated in the northwest of the country, to Abkhazian separatist forces last September after 13 months of fighting.
Two of the three existing funds are listed on the stock exchange in Dublin with the Indochina Asset Management fund increased its premium to 70 percent from 10 percent after the lifting of the US trade embargo in February.
Han was speaking after talks in Bangkok with his counterparts from the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) on security, political and economic issues.
The lower house dispersed early after three adjournments forced by opposition protests over the document, which the government published in response to critical findings of a bipartisan parliamentary committee.
He was arrested last June 23 after he proclaimed himself president and commander-in-chief of the armed forces a year after the poll, which had been declared free and fair by international observers.
The picture was taken in 1968 when Muluzi was briefly imprisoned after being convicted of stealing six pounds (some 10 US dollars).
But legislators sent the bill to a select committee for fine tuning after 50 legislators in the 87-seat parliament voted in favour of the bill, while 11 voted against it and two abstained.
The vote on the private member's bill, which was given wide public airing, was taken after three days of intense debate in parliament.
He acknowledged however there would be some public resistance to the bill, as most people would be appalled to think a law was needed to compel children to look after their parents.
Bethlehem Steel shows profit in second quarter  BETHLEHEM, Pennsylvania, July 27 (AFP)  Bethlehem Steel, the leading US steelmaker, said Wednesday it made a net profit of 26 million dollars in the second quarter, after showing a loss of 13.6 million dollars in the same period last year.
Earnings per share for the second quarter were 14 cents, after a loss of 27 cents per share in the three months to the end of June in 1993.
The spokesman made the statement shortly after Tony Baldry, a parliamentary under secretary of state, told a press conference in Cairo, "I understand that Hamas claimed responsability for the car bomb outside the Jewish consulate in London."
He recalled that after last week's Buenos Aires bombing, which left at least 95 dead, the Israeli charge d'affaires in London had requested that British Foreign Office officials, "step up surveillance and take practical measures to protect Israel and Jewish institutions and even underlined that Balfour House was a possible target."
King won 3.8 million dollars in compensatory damages for medical bills, pain and suffering after being beaten by four Los Angeles police officers.
The offer came after the United States criticised Russia for helping Iran to complete the plant which Germany left unfinished following the 1979 Islamic revolution.
Michael Willett, captain of the Warrior, speaking to reporters after his boat was escorted under arrest to this Newfoundland port, insisted he was doing nothing illegal.
(AFP)     LONDON: London police warned against a wave of attacks by "potential  suicide bombers" from the Middle East after car bombs hit the Israeli Embassy  and a Jewish charity center.
Its closure,  coming after heavy and small arms fire in Sarajevo intensified overnight,  effectively placed the city back under siege.
His announcement came after the head of US troops in Europe, General George Joulwan, announced in Stuttgart the imminent deployment of 2,000 US soldiers in Rwanda, with a further 1,000 to help aid Rwandan refugees facing cholera and famine in camps across the border in Zaire.
The airport has been declared usable since the Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) seized the capital early in July after three months of civil war and an ethnic bloodbath that left up to a million dead and 3.9 million others -- more than half the population -- displaced.
A preliminary four to six weeks has been set for the US-led operation to run, after which it will be reviewed or terminated, the source said.
Peter Hansen, the UN under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs, told journalists before leaving Kigali after a visit Wednesday that Britain had on Tuesday promised 250 engineering personnel and trucks, and Australia 250 medical staff.
At their last meeting Monday in Moscow Britain, France, Germany, Russia and the United States could not find common ground after the Bosnian Serbs refused to clearly accept the contact group's peace plan for the former Yugoslav republic.
The diplomat said Russia's position after the Serbs refused to budge was "not exactly to be envied."
Authorities arrested the two men last Saturday, a Briton and an Iranian, after they arranged a 4.6 million dollar deal for the anti- aircraft, anti-tank missiles and 12 launchers.
They were speaking at a joint press conference after meetings between the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) and its major Western partners.
Canada shared ASEAN's view that the standards of one country "should not be imposed as a factor of trade protectionism on another," according to a statement released after the session.
Ford's profit margin after tax for the second quarter was 4.2 percent, with the group's financial services operation showing an operating profit of 528 million dollars, up from 380 million a year earlier.
Ford is the second of the Big Three US automakers to announce its second quarter results, after the third largest, Chrysler, announced its best quarterly performance in its history early this month.
Arafat appointed the municipal council after months of wrangling over the participation of Islamic fundamentalist factions and other groups opposed to his autonomy agreement with Israel.
Han was speaking after annual talks here with his counterparts from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) on security and economic issues.
North Korea postponed the talks after Kim's death earlier this month.
The incident came after Bosnian Serbs moved to close the "blue route" out of Sarajevo -- the only exit for Bosnian civilians out of the city -- which they accuse the Moslem-led government of using to smuggle in arms and ammunition into the capital.
Then in February, Paolo was arrested briefly after he admitted having paid 540 million lira (362,000 dollars) in bribes to the Lombardy savings institution Cariplo, at the time buildings in his real-estate group were sold.
Disney attributed the drop to decreased numbers of foreign tourists in the United States as well as after effects from the January earthquake in Los Angeles area, where Disneyland, the company's orignal park, is located.
    CAIRO:           The PLO calls on the Arab League                      to help settle a dispute over the                      future of Jerusalem after Israel                      recognised Jordan's stake in the holy                      city.
                     France-Disney,lead                      500 words around 1830 GMT     WASHINGTON:      US and Japanese trade negotiators are due                      to meet here Thursday to try to resolve                      a dispute over government procurement                      after agreeing to continue a controversial                      semiconductor agreement                      US-Japan,                      600 words around 1700 GMT                      by Sue Kendall 
PLO calls for emergency Arab League meeting on Jerusalem  CAIRO, July 27 (AFP)  The PLO called for an emergency meeting of the Arab League Wednesday to debate the thorny issue of Jerusalem, after Israel recognised Jordan's stake in the holy city, a senior PLO official said Wednesday.
Speaking after meeting French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe, Shara said "Of course we are not at all happy about violence and sabotage."
Berlusconi's bid to gain lasting access to France's commercial TV market failed however after the commercial channel La Cinq collapsed in 1992.
The incident, which came after the Bosnian Serbs moved to close the only road out of Sarajevo for Bosnian civilians, happened around 3:30 p.m. (1330 GMT) said Claire Grimes.
The two roads leading across the airport tarmac -- one used by the Bosnian government and the other by the Serbs -- were shut to civilian traffic after the Serbs carried out a threat to force their closure.
Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic threatened Tuesday to force the closure of the Bosnian route after accusing the Moslem-led government of using it to smuggle in arms and ammunition into Sarajevo.
White House says decision to send US to Rwanda not yet set  WASHINGTON, July 27 (AFP)  The decision to send US troops to Rwanda has not yet been made the White House said Wednesday, hours after the commander of US troops in Europe announced the likely deployment of 2,000 US troops to Rwanda.
Good economic news pushes dollar down  NEW YORK, July 27 (AFP)  The dollar weakened against the other major currencies in early trading Wednesday after the publication of new figures showing a higher-than-expected increase in orders for durable goods.
Wall Street down in morning trading  NEW YORK, July 27 (AFP)  Shares on Wall Street dropped further in morning trading Wednesday, shedding more than 15 points after the publication of new economic figures that drove up long-term interest rates.
The losses came after the Commerce Department released figures that showed orders for durable goods increasing by 1.3 percent in June, a further sign of a healthy manufacturing sector.
The convoy attack came after increased fighting in the capital and Gorazde.
At their last meeting Monday in Moscow, Britain, France, Germany, Russia and the United States could not find common ground after the Serbs refused to clearly accept the plan.
(new series) (picture) Police warn of more to come as Britain faulted for attacks by Allen Nacheman  LONDON, July 27 (AFP)  Britain was criticised here and in Israel Wednesday after a "suicide bomber" attack on the Israeli embassy and blast at a Jewish charity center, and police warned of more Middle East bombings to come.
The Israeli embassy was partially demolished by a car-bomb that injured 15 shortly after noon Tuesday, and five people were hurt when a bomb hit the fund-raising center in a north London Jewish neighborhood 13 hours later.
Jewish groups here criticized police failure to ban parking outside the charity center after the embassy attack.
He warned that when a bomber was prepared to trigger a device moments after delivering it to the target, as was the case at the embassy, the individual be assumed to be "a potential suicide bomber."
An American aid worker was kidnapped by Khmer Rouge guerrillas in Kampot on March 31 and was released some six weeks later after her aid agency, Food for the Hungry International, paid a ransom consisting of tools, food and medecines.
Yugoslav border guards kill two Albanians  BELGRADE, July 27 (AFP)  Border guards killed two armed Albanians early Wednesday after they entered Serbian territory, a military official told the Tanjug news agency.
His announcement came after the head of US troops in Europe, General George Joulwan, announced the imminent deployment of 2,000 US soldiers in Rwanda, with a further 1,000 to help Rwandan refugees facing cholera and famine in camps across the border in Zaire.
The Kigali airport was declared usable after the Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) seized the capital early in July after a three-month ethnic bloodbath that left up to a million dead and 3.9 million others -- more than half the population -- displaced.
A preliminary four to six weeks has been set for the US-led operation to run, after which it will be reviewed, the source said.
It was radically scaled down after renewed civil war broke out between the RPF, drawn mainly from the Tutsi minority, and Hutu government forces after president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a suspected rocket attack on his plane on April 6.
Balladur's tour comes seven months after the 50-percent devaluation of the CFA franc, the African franc zone currency, which hit French- speaking Africa hard, and after the French military intervention in Rwanda.
Officials in Balladur's office said he wanted "solemnly to reaffirm France's links with Africa," and to plead that the continent benefit from a "new international order," but added that France would not pledge any more aid to franc zone countries after the devaluation, which doubled the price of imports.
Rabin returns to Israel  BEN GURION AIRPORT, Tel Aviv, July 27 (AFP)  Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin arrived back in Israel Wednesday after a four-day stay in Washington where he signed an historic peace declaration with King Hussein of Jordan.
Other analysts have noted that despite the arrival of Saudi Arabian investor Prince Al Walid Ben Talal Ben Abdulaziz who has agreed to acquire 13-24 percent of part of the capital structure, the company has a debt-equity ratio of 250 percent even after a rights issue of six billion francs and does not expect to  make a profit before 1996.
President Suleyman Demirel approved the reshuffle after the pair resigned Wednesday.
Presiding Judge Michael Doelp said the two pensioners, now aged 65 and 70, divulged at least one state secret to the Stasi after they started cooperating with the secret service in the 1960s.
about the map dividing up Bosnia proposed by the contact group but the results of these talks will be known between now and July 30," said Grachev, after visiting Russian UN troops at Erdut, in Croatia.
At their last meeting Monday in Moscow the contact group, comprising Britain, France, Germany, Russia and the United States, failed to find common ground after the Serbs refused to clearly accept their peace blueprint for the former Yugoslav republic.
The diplomat said Russia's position after the Serbs refused to budge was "not exactly to be envied."
Five youths dead, 60 hospitalised after circumcision rites  PORT ELIZABETH, South Africa, July 27 (AFP)  At least five youths have died and 60 are in hospital suffering from gangrene and infection following ritual circumcision rites under the laws of the Xhosa people, SABC radio said Wednesday.
NATO aircraft called out after Sarajevo attack  UNITED NATIONS, July 27 (AFP)  NATO aircraft were deployed in Sarajevo Wednesday shortly after a UN convoy was raked by gunfire near the airport, leaving at least two people wounded.
It was radically scaled down after renewed civil war broke out between the Rwandan Patriotic Front, drawn mainly from the Tutsi minority, and Hutu government forces after president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a suspected rocket attack on his plane on April 6.
Gymnastics star Henrich loses anorexia battle  KANSAS CITY, Arkansas, July 27 (AFP)  Former American gymnast Christy Henrich died at the age of 22 after a battle against anerexia nervosa, a Kansas City medical spokesman confirmed here on Wednesday.
French armoured personel carriers, with orders to riposte if attacked, arrived at the scene of the incident 20 minutes after the convoy came under attack, Descamps said.
However, UN forces were not called on to defend themselves as the Serb fire stopped after a telephone call to Serb commanders.
The two roads leading across the airport tarmac -- one used by the Bosnian government and the other by the Serbs -- were shut to civilian traffic after the Serbs carried out a threat to force their closure.
Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic threatened Tuesday to force the closure of the Bosnian route after accusing the Moslem-led government of using it to smuggle in arms and ammunition into Sarajevo.
Velez turned himself into police early Monday on his return from a holiday trip to Colombia after hearing police wanted to interview him in connection with the drugs operation.
(incorporating Mideast-PLO-Jerusalem) PLO calls for emergency Arab League meeting on Jerusalem by Mona Salem  CAIRO, July 27 (AFP)  The PLO called for an emergency meeting of the Arab League Wednesday to help settle a dispute over the future of Jerusalem, after Israel recognised Jordan's stake in the holy city, a senior PLO official said Wednesday.
Palestinians want East Jerusalem as capital of their future state while Israel, which annexed the eastern sector after seizing it from Jordan in 1967, has declared Jerusalem its undivided, eternal capital.
Deputy US Trade Representative Charlene Barshefsky, who is heading the US side in the talks, returned to Washington Wednesday after talks with Hayashi in Hong Kong at the weekend which failed to reach agreement.
The agreement had provided for a termination after three years if either party wanted to end it.
The 24-year-old, targetted by English Premiership club Coventry and Germany's Bochum, sent his signature to the newly-promoted Serie A club by fax after visiting the town on Tuesday.
Padua will pay 200,000 dollars for one season, with an option to renew it after April 1995.
The vote was first set for July 13 but put off until October 15 after the launch of autonomy was held up.
(picture) Police warn of more to come as Britain faulted for attacks  LONDON, July 27 (AFP)  Britain was criticised here and in Israel Wednesday after car bomb attacks on the Israeli embassy and a Jewish charity center, and police warned of more Middle East bombings to come.
The Israeli embassy was partially demolished by a car-bomb that injured 15 shortly after noon Tuesday, and five people were hurt when a bomb hit the fund-raising center in a north London Jewish neighborhood 13 hours later.
Jewish groups here criticized police failure to ban parking outside the charity center after the embassy attack.
He warned that when a bomber was prepared to trigger a device moments after delivering it to the target, as was the case at the embassy, the individual be assumed to be "a potential suicide bomber."
At least 12 people were hospitalised after police used clubs to break up the demonstration, hospital sources said.
Nepal's King Birendra on recommendations from Koirala dissolved the elected parliament on July 10 after the caretaker premier ran into fierce opposition over his socio-economic program.
The Football Association imposed the penalties after finding Spurs guilty of financial irregularities.
Klaas Wilting said there were strong reasons to suspect that criminals have been listening in on phone conversations after police discovered in May that the phones in Amsterdam's main police station were bugged.
Raw eggs give 70 foreigners food poisoning in Bulgarian resort  SOFIA, July 27 (AFP)  Some 70 tourists from Britain, Germany, Norway and Sweden, as well as 30 Bulgarians, had salmonella poisoning Wednesday after eating raw eggs served up in a restaurant in a Black Sea resort, health officials said.
in 1974 but it was forced to leave a year later after the fall of South Vietnam.
Berlusconi quashes reshuffle rumours, defends Fininvest  ROME, July 27 (AFP)  Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi moved to quash reshuffle rumours Wednesday by ruling out changes in his four-month-old administration, amid mounting political problems after magistrates ordered his younger brother arrested over corruption allegations.
Court officials said an arrest warrant was issued for him after Salvatore Sciascia, the Fininvest tax director detained since Monday on bribery charges, told the chief investigating magistrate in Milan, Antonio Di Pietro, that the younger Berlusconi gave him 200 million lire (126,000 dollars) to pay off the finance police during tax audits.
French armoured personel carriers, with orders to riposte if attacked, arrived at the scene of the incident 20 minutes after the convoy came under attack, Descamps said.
No fire was returned because the shooting stopped after a telephone conversation with the Serbs.
The two roads leading across the airport tarmac -- one used by the Bosnian government and the other by the Serbs -- were shut to civilian traffic after the Serbs carried out a threat to force their closure.
Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic threatened Tuesday to force the closure of the Bosnian route after accusing the Moslem-led government of using it to smuggle in arms and ammunition into Sarajevo.
The Israeli embassy was partially demolished by a car bomb shortly after noon Tuesday, and five people were hurt when a bomb hit a Jewish charity centre in a north London neighbourhood 13 hours later.
White supremacist jailed for bombings  JOHANNESBURG, July 27 (AFP)  A South African white supremacist was Wednesday jailed for eight years after being found guilty of a series of bombings decscribed by the judge as "racist."
Another AWB member was fined 1,000 rand (270 dollars) for possession of explosives, and the remaining AWB member found guilty will be sentenced after a probation officer's report.
"When negotiations on the final status (of Jerusalem) begin after two years of autonomy, we will give a large priority to the preservation of Jordan's role."
The US authorities had already reassessed the security level after the bombing of a Jewish charity in Argentina on July 18 which left at least 95 people dead, the State Department official said.
Speaking after meeting French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe, Shara said "Of course we are not at all happy about violence and sabotage."
Palestinians want East Jerusalem as capital of their future state while Israel, which annexed the eastern sector after seizing it from Jordan in 1967, has declared Jerusalem its undivided capital.
Cadbury Schweppes gained 9.5 pence to 435,5 after Coca Cola Schweppes Beverages Ltd was given the green light to take over the Greenall Group Plc soft drinks company.
British Airways lost three pence to 426 after the European Commission said that Air France could receive state rescue aid of 20 billion francs (3.75 billion dollars) and ICI shed seven pence to 833 before the expected publication of six-month results.
The development came after Russian Defence Minister Pavel Grachev visited Belgrade in a last-ditch bid to persuade the Serbs to accept the plan, which provides for a 51/49 percent division of Bosnia between the newly formed Croat-Moslem federation and the Bosnian Serbs.
"The Bosnian Serbs are considering making their response to the contact group clearer," Churkin said after a second meeting Thursday with Serbian Slobodan Milosevic.
British soldier dies after Serb attack on UN convoy  SARAJEVO, July 27 (AFP)  A British soldier died late Wednesday from severe chest wounds suffered in a Serb attack on a UN convoy near Sarajevo airport, hospital officials said here.
    July 27 (AFP) - The 2100 GMT news advisory:     LONDON:          Britain is criticised here and in Israel                      after car bomb attacks on the Israeli embassy                      and a Jewish charity center, and police warn                      of more Middle East bombings to come.
                     EU-AirFrance,3rdlead                      700 words around 1530 GMT                      by Herve Rouach     CAIRO:           The PLO calls on the Arab League                      to help settle a dispute over the                      future of Jerusalem after Israel                      recognised Jordan's stake in the holy                      city.
                     France-Disney,lead                      500 words moved     WASHINGTON:      US and Japanese trade negotiators are due                      to meet here Thursday to try to resolve                      a dispute over government procurement                      after agreeing to continue a controversial                      semiconductor agreement                      US-Japan,                      600 words moved                      by Sue Kendall 
"We do take it seriously," Defense Secretary William Perry said after the son-in-law of North Korean Prime Minister Kang Song-San said in Seoul that Pyongyang had five nuclear weapons and was trying to produce more.
Kang Myong-Do told a press conference in Seoul after defecting, "I have heard that five nuclear weapons have been completed as of the end of 1993."
The United States began pressing for international sanctions against North Korea after Pyongyang refused to allow inspections of all nuclear energy facilities, but suspended those efforts after an agreement was reached on high-level bilateral talks.
Grachev was speaking after a last-ditch bid to persuade the Serbs to accept the plan, which provides for a 51/49 percent division of Bosnia between the newly-formed Croat-Moslem federation and the Bosnian Serbs, who currently hold 70 percent.
"The Bosnian Serbs are considering making their response to the contact group clearer," Churkin said after a second meeting Wednesday (eds:correct) with Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic.
Arafat receives message of support from Christopher  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 27 (AFP)  PLO chief Yasser Arafat received a message of support from US Secretary of State Warren Christopher on Wednesday, two days after Israel confirmed Jordan's rights over Moslem sites in Jerusalem during a summit in Washington.
According to the May 4 autonomy agreement, the fate of Jerusalem is to be decided in negotiations not later than three years after the start of interim self-rule.
"The defence and interior ministers, as well as those in charge of public services, have received instructions to mobilise to deal with" all possibilities, Samaha said after a cabinet meeting.
The attacks came a week after a bomb blast in a Jewish charity building in Buenos Aires left at least 95 people dead.
The Kigali airport was declared usable after the Rwandan Patriotic Front seized the capital early in July after a three-month ethnic bloodbath that left up to a million dead and 3.9 million others -- more than half the population -- displaced.
Egypt requests delay of Moslem meeting on Bosnia  CAIRO, July 27 (AFP)  Moslem countries have postponed their meeting on Bosnia until after a key weekend meeting of Bosnia contact group foreign ministers called to discuss the Serb reaction to their peace blueprint, Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Moussa said Wednesday.
But the countries agreed to an Egyptian request to meet on August 4, after foreign ministers from the contact group meet in Geneva to attempt to thrash out a unified position on the Serbs.
He also said Clinton's decision to de-link human rights from trade privileges for China after threatening to punish Beijing was an example of how Clinton "has squandered American credibility and has undermined our pre-eminence around the world."
Sixteen of the YSP's 22 politburo members fled abroad after southern troops were defeated by northern forces loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh on July 7.
Talks between the two states were broken off in February after the Hebron mosque massacre.
The Kigali airport was declared usable after the Rwandan Patriotic Front seized the capital early in July after a three-month ethnic bloodbath that left up to a million dead and 3.9 million others -- more than half the population -- displaced.
Stocks slump amid new inflation fears  NEW YORK, July 27 (AFP)  Blue-chip share prices slumped Wednesday after a report showing continuing strength in the US economy drove up long-term interest rates.
The losses came after the Commerce Department released figures that showed orders for durable goods increasing by 1.3 percent in June, a further sign of a healthy manufacturing sector.
DuPont fell 3/8 to 59-7/8 after announcing record quarterly earnings of 792 million dollars.
Venezuela meanwhile expelled four Iranian diplomats after accusing them of trying to forcibly repatriate Moatamer, his wife and children.
Cholera and other diseases have claimed tens of thousands of lives in camps on Rwanda's borders, especially around Goma in eastern Zaire, where 1.2 million refugees fled to escape massacres by Hutu militias unleashed after the death of Hutu president Juvenal Habyarimana in a plane crash in April.
Suitor charged in missing heiress case by Hil Anderson  CHICAGO, July 27 (AFP)  Federal prosecutors named a suspect in the 1977 murder of a missing candy heiress after a probe revealed a widespread horse killing scheme for insurance payoffs and led to her horse-trading suitor.
Richard Bailey, 62, was charged with arranging the killing of Helen Vorhees Brach who disappeared 17 years ago after checking out of the Mayo Clinic.
Brach, 65, became the sole heiress of the Brach Candy Company fortune in 1970, after her husband, Frank, died.
Most of her 30 million dollar estate, which included a stable of thoroughbreds, went to charity after she was declared dead in 1984.
Kemp, 79, told the newspaper the decision was taken after consultation with his two suffragan bishops, other clerics, lay people and theologians.
Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev and his Estonian counterpart Juri Luik left Wednesday after failing to reach an agreement over dismantling two experimental nuclear reactors at the Paldiski naval base some 40 kilometers (25 miles) west of Tallinn.
Abiola was arrested last June 23 when he proclaimed himself president just over a year after the election.
The union leaders were due to return to talks with government Wednesday after consultations with their National Executive Council (NEC), but said the consultations were not complete, a move most observers saw as a bid to buy time.
Six killed, 20 missing as boat capsizes near Hanoi  HANOI, July 28 (AFP)  Six people were killed and some 20 were missing after a boat capsized on the swollen Red River in the Vietnamese capital, reports said Thursday.
Three foreigners, large group of men detained after Khmer Rouge attack  PHNOM PENH, July 28 (AFP)  Three westerners and a large group of Cambodian men were still being detained by Khmer Rouge guerrillas Thurday, after an attack on a train in which nine people were killed and many injured, the director of the state railway said.
China urges Taiwan to compensate families of drowned fishermen  BEIJING, July 28 (AFP)  China reiterated calls Thursday for Taiwan to compensate the families of 12 mainland fisherman who drowned in a recent typhoon after Taiwanese officials allegedly refused them shelter.
The body of 12-year-old Ahsaan Ali was found near his home on Wednesday in the residential district of Nand Nagri, a day after he was abducted while walking to a neighbourhood school, police said.
Just after the lifting of the trade ban in February, the US Department of Agriculture estimated that food sales from the United States to Vietnam could soon reach some 300 million US dollars a year.
The appeal was made after a joint meeting of the Revolutionary Command Council, Iraq's highest political authority, and the executive of the ruling Baath party, chaired by Iraqi President Saddam Hussein.
Kim's defection was announced a day after the NSPA said Kang Myong-Do, the son-in-law of North Korean Prime Minister Kang Song-San, had defected to the South and introduced him at a press conference.
The new defector decided to flee to the South after learning about South Korea's prosperity during his stay in China last January, the agency said.
Burundi shares the same ethnic composition as neighbouring Rwanda, which plunged into an ethnic bloodbath three months ago after Rwandan president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a suspected rocket attack on his plane on April 6.
It said the secret trial of the "Beijing 15" which began this month had been twice postponed -- once after its schedule became known in September 1993, and again in April, just before Clinton's annoucement.
Its mandate expires on Sunday, hopefully after a decision is made on the US proposal, Security Council president Jamsheed Marker of Pakistan said.
The rapists, whose average age was 16-and-a-half, had been enticed into rape after reading pornographic books and watching illicit sex videos, it said.
The victims, aged 13 to 20, kept silent after the assaults, except for one, who told her parents.
Three foreigners, many Cambodians seized after Khmer Rouge attack train by Kevin Barrington  PHNOM PENH, July 28 (AFP)  Three westerners and a large group of Cambodian men were in Khmer Rouge hands on Thursday, after the guerrillas attacked a train in one of the worst acts of banditry since the UN-sponsored elections 14 months ago, the director of the state railway said.
She was released six weeks later, after her aid agency, Food for the Hungry International, paid a ransom consisting of tools, food and medicines.
The subsidiary operates Japan's biggest network of chain stores after those run by Matushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd.
Its biggest shareholders after Hitachi is Nippon Life Insurance Co. with 1.5 percent followed by Yasuda Trust and Banking Co. Ltd., Meiji Mutual Life Insurance Co. and Mitsui Trust and Banking Co. Ltd.
Venezuela expelled four Iranian diplomats earlier this month after accusing them of trying to forcibly repatriate Motamar, his wife and children.
Furniture and other household objects were loaded into around 10 trucks after police closed off the city-centre street to other traffic.
"Our economy is fighting the after effects of the bubble economy.
Chung's comment came after US Defense Secretary William Perry said Washington held to its estimate that North Korea might have one or two bombs rather than five, in view of its lack of advanced technology.
The officals' efforts to downplay the defector's statement came after North Korea accused the South of using the defector for political ends.
World championship leader Schumacher, already fined 25,000 dollars for the incident, was accused of ignoring a five-second stop-and-go penalty, followed by a black flag, at Silverstone on July 10 after he had overtaken Damon Hill on the warm-up lap.
Last year, a baby boy in the southeastern province of Jiangxi confounded medical experts when his skin pigment changed from normal to completely black a month after he was born.
Hours after the attack Menem said he had received information from the Israeli intelligence service Mossad that Ansar Allah (Followers of God) was behind the bombing.
Australian Wally Masur probably wouldn't agree with that after Lendl smoked him 6-0, 6-0 in just 41 minutes.
The Pakistan International Airlines Airbus flew into Habbaniyah international airport from Karachi after the United Nations gave special authorisation, according to INA monitored in Cyprus.
The UN resolution, adopted after Iraqi troops invaded Kuwait, allowed for special dispensation in humanitarian cases.
Prime minister's brother still at large two days after arrest order  ROME, July 28 (AFP)  Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's brother remained at large Thursday morning, two days after magistrates ordered his arrest and detention in custody on corruption charges, officials said.
He should therefore be allowed to remain at liberty," Virga said after Wednesday's meeting at the central Milan courthouse.
But judicial sources said anti-corruption magistrates were only prepared to rule on whether Paolo Berlusconi should be detained after questioning him.
Court officials earlier said the arrest warrant was issued after Salvatore Sciascia, the Fininvest tax director detained since Monday on bribery charges, told Di Pietro, that Paolo Berlusconi gave him 200 million lire (126,000 dollars) to pay off the finance police during tax audits.
He takes up his Sky post after the one- off test against Australia on August 17.
Graphic                     by Kevin Barrington     CHITTAGONG,     Bangladesh:     A half-day general strike against growing                     Islamic fundamentalism paralyses                     Bangladesh's biggest industrial city, after                     two days of unrest that left six dead and dozens                     injured.
Two women extradited to US to face conspiracy charge  LONDON, July 28 (AFP)  Two British women were en route to the state of Oregon in the US Pacific Northwest Thursday after being extradited by Britain to face four-year-old conspiracy charges that could mean 20-year jail terms.
They were indicted in 1990, after they had returned to their native Britain, when they were implicated by other members of the cult in a plea bargain arrangement, and have been fighting extradition since their arrest three years ago.
Players called on their union executive to fix a strike date after Wednesday's deadlocked negotiations with owners who maintained their demand for a wage cap.
"We're really quite far apart at this point,'' management negotiator Richard Ravitch said after the three-hour meeting.
Because they fear owners unilaterally will impose a cap after the season, management's right under federal labor law, players would use a strike in order to force an agreement and threaten the postseason, which Ravitch said would generate about 140 million US dollars in television income, an average of five million per team.
One of the strikers said police acted after some demonstrators began throwing stones.
"We're not going back until we get what we want," said one striking cashier as he walked through Harare's streets after the clash with police.
Kruk has further tests after cancer op  PHILADELPHIA, July 28 (AFP)  Philadelphia Phillies first baseman John Kruk, who had a cancerous testicle removed during spring training, is having tests following a further cancer scare.
The latest violence in south Lebanon came amid heightened tension after Israel threatened reprisals against pro-Iranian Hezbollah guerrillas, who killed an Israeli officer and wounded 13 soldiers in attacks on Monday.
Burundi troops dispatched after refugee slaughter  BRUSSELS, July 28 (AFP)  Burundi's interim president Thursday dispatched troops to the north of the country in a bid to quell ethnic violence in refugee camps which has claimed up to to 2,000 lives in recent days.
Burundi shares the same ethnic composition as neighbouring Rwanda, which plunged into an ethnic bloodbath almost four months ago after Rwandan president Juvenal Habyarimana and his Burundian counterpart Cyprien Ntaryamira were killed in a suspected rocket attack on their plane.
Snakes bring flight to a slithering halt  NICOSIA, July 28 (AFP)  Passengers refused to board a Russian airliner at Larnaca international airport Thursday after hearing that snakes were on the loose inside, the Cyprus News Agency CNA reported.
The Russian Tupolev 154 arrived in Cyprus Wednesday from Kuwait after delivering sealed boxes of snakes, but Kuwaiti customs found that some had gone missing and informed civil aviation authorities here and the plane's pilot.
"I think this review means a retrial," Pangaribuan of the Legal Aid Foundation (LBH) told journalists after a two-hour meeting with Gusmao at Jakarta's Cipinang prison.
The LBH, Indonesia's leading civil rights group, was given power of attorney in March after Gusmao sacked Sujono.
Indonesia integrated East Timor as its 27th province in 1976, a year after its troops invaded the former Portuguse colony.
Abiola has been detained since June 23 after proclaiming himself president on the basis of his presumed victory in the presidential election in June last year.
The June 1993 election, judged by local and international observers as free and fair, was annulled by the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida, who quit power last August after an eight-year rule.
Most markets remained closed after three three days of disturbances here.
Government brands troubled investment firm illegal by Stephane Orjollet  MOSCOW, July 28 (AFP)  The Russian government Thursday branded illegal the activities of troubled high-profile investment company MMM and said it would take steps to soften the impact of the firm's collapse, after thousands of panicked investors queued to sell their shares.
Separately Thursday in Rennes, France, ferry company Britanny Ferries said the blockade of Santander had cost it around five million francs (900,000 dollars) after forcing one of its vessels to return to France.
Israel urges international crackdown on terrorism  JERUSALEM, July 28 (AFP)  The Israeli government called Thursday for an international crackdown on terrorism after a series of bomb attacks on Jewish targets.
The government said it sought the capture and punishment of those responsible and urged "international action against terrorism," in a statement issued after a special meeting.
The attacks came a week after a bomb blast in a Jewish charity building in Buenos Aires left at least 95 people dead.
I'm very happy and very proud," Helveg said after Wednesday's announcement.
"There is nothing new," said a Scotland Yard spokesman some 30 hours after a car bomb injured five persons near the Jewish center in North London.
That attack early Wednesday came 13 hours after a similar one that injured 15 and partially demolished the Israeli Embassy's consular section in central London's Kensington district shortly after noon Tuesday.
British government sources said the Israeli Embassy had requested reinforced protection after the Buenos Aires bomb, but that the request was still under study when the first bomb went off here.
Foreign Minister Fares Bweiz made the comment after an official here reported that Argentina had demanded that Lebanon extradite a former Hezbollah guerrilla leader whom Buenos Aires has implicated in the bombing.
Lebanon was willing to cooperate with Argentina only after real evidence was established "within the context of a serious legal file" rather than on the basis of "obscure information," Bweiz added.
Hours after the attack Menem said he had received information from the Israeli intelligence service Mossad that Ansar Allah (Followers of God) was behind the bombing.
Air France state aid may cost British Airways jobs, routes  LONDON, July 28 (AFP)  British Airways may be forced to cut jobs and routes after the European Commission gave approval for the French government to bale out ailing Air France, the British carrier's chairman warned Thursday.
He should therefore be allowed to remain at liberty," Virga said after the Wednesday meeting.
Judicial sources said anti-corruption magistrates were only prepared to rule on whether Paolo Berlusconi should be detained after questioning him.
Arreckx, who is senator for the Var department, site of intensive real estate development, says he asked for the money after the building contract had been awarded, and that therefore there was no corruption.
Abkhazia fell to separatists last September after 13 months of fighting with Georgia.
Sainsbury fell by four to 406 on announcing that it would bid for the Scottish supermarket chain William Low which is also a target of Tesco which fell by 6.5 to 233.5. The ICI chemicals group, which reported interim pre-tax profits after exceptional items of 240 million pounds (367 million dollars), as expected, rose by three to 836.
Hutus fear the RPF will avenge the deaths of hundreds of thousands of their own tribe at the hands of government militias unleashed on the population after Hutu president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a suspected rocket attack on his plane on April 6.
I look after my own little boy who got cholera a few days ago," he added.
A litre of oil cost two marks on Tuesday, but on Wednesday, after the Serbs closed the road, it was already 2.5 or three marks.
The state bread factory could not produce enough bread Tuesday and Wednesday because the stocks of flour have diminished rapidly since the suspension of relief flights last week after UN planes landing at Sarajevo airport came under fire.
Paul said he would reveal the price of the take-over after final settlement and added the cost surpassed his previous best company acquisition, that of the British Armstrong group for 183 million dollars.
Evans accused Wright of having an attitude problem and Dicks of lacking fitness after the Reds' 4-1 friendly defeat at Bolton on Tuesday.
The subsidiary operates Japan's biggest network of chain stores after those run by Matushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd.
Its biggest shareholders after Hitachi is Nippon Life Insurance Co. with 1.5 percent followed by Yasuda Trust and Banking Co. Ltd., Meiji Mutual Life Insurance Co. and Mitsui Trust and Banking Co. Ltd.
Hours earlier the chairman of British Airways also threatened a legal challenge, stressing the carrier could be forced into cutbacks after the European Commission's approval for the French government to bale out Air France.
"They did not react as angrily to our agreement with the Jordanians as they did to our agreement with the Palestinians," Peres said after arriving in Cyprus for an unprecedented visit to this island close to Israel.
In the three-year-old peace process, Syria and Lebanon have lagged behind Jordan as well as the PLO which launched limited Palestinian autonomy in the Gaza Strip and West Bank town of Jericho in May after a deal with Israel.
Speaking after meeting French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe in Paris on Wednesday, Shara said "Of course we are not at all happy about violence and sabotage."
The subsidiary operates Japan's biggest network of chain stores after those run by Matushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd.
Its biggest shareholders after Hitachi is Nippon Life Insurance Co. with 1.5 percent followed by Yasuda Trust and Banking Co. Ltd., Meiji Mutual Life Insurance Co. and Mitsui Trust and Banking Co. Ltd.
Fifteen people were injured when a car bomb partially demolished the Israeli embassy shortly after noon Tuesday, and five others were hurt when a bomb hit a Jewish charity centre in a north London neighbourhood 13 hours later.
Flowers fears "unfounded"  BLACKBURN, England, July 28 (AFP)  Blackburn Rovers have denied reports that their England goalkeeper Tim Flowers will miss the start of the new season after a training accident.
Henri Douxchamps Segesser, a retired ambassador and former Belgian diplomat to the United Nations, became the first Belgian government representative to visit since the killing of 10 Belgian UN troops shortly after the death of former president Juvenal Habyarimana in April.
Workers in the metal, mining, telecommunications, chemical, and auto sectors are currently holding strike ballots after separate wage talks broke down.
(new series) Lebanon braces for Israeli retaliation after bombings by Jacques Lhuillery  BEIRUT, July 28 (AFP)  Lebanon braced Thursday for heavy Israeli retaliation following growing accusations that guerrilla groups here were behind bombings of Jewish targets in London and Buenos Aires.
UN Bosnia commander condemns Serb attack on convoy  SARAJEVO, July 28 (AFP)  UN Bosnia commander Lieutenant-General Sir Michael Rose launched an outspoken attack on Bosnian Serbs on Thursday, the day after the Serbs raked a UN convoy with heavy machine-gun fire, killing a British soldier.
The Serb attack came the day after the Serbs warned they were closing the last remaining civilian route into Sarajevo, saying the Moslem-led Bosnian government was using the road to ferry in weapons and ammunition, a charge the Bosnian authorities deny.
The meeting was scheduled as British authorities came under stinging criticism for failure to take adequate precautions after the embassy bombing which might have prevented the Jewish center bombing 13 hours later.
The move came after the car bomb attacks against the Israeli Embassy and a Jewish charity center here Tuesday and Wednesday which injured 20, and a bomb in a Buenos Aires Jewish center last week that killed 95.
The squad, led by Lieutenant Colonel Roger Edwards set up at the airport shortly after their arrival.
Authorities announced the search two days after the Khmer Rouge detonated mines to derail the train at the southern town of Kampot and then opened fire, killing ten and wounding many others.
But it is unclear whether the police will dare pursue the Khmer Rouge, still feared after their reign of terror in the late 1970s.
After the gunfire started, they jumped down to the ground and I did not see after that because we ran in different directions."
She was released six weeks later, after her aid agency paid a ransom.
reopens (BEIRUT) Bweiz ruled out extradition of anyone blamed for the Argentine bombing after an official here reported that Buenos Aires had asked Lebanon to extradite former Hezbollah leader Sheikh Sobhi Tufayli.
At their last meeting Monday in Moscow, the contact group failed to find common ground after the Serbs refused to clearly accept their peace blueprint for the former Yugoslav republic.
The project would be implemented next year, Bernama news agency quoted senior Sarawak government official Awang Tengah Ali Hassan as saying, after opening a Malaysia-Indonesia socio-economic working group meeting in Sarawak's Bintulu town.
Sarawak, which boasts Malaysia's largest forested area, slashed log production in 1992 to comply with an ITTO recommendation after coming under attack from Western environmentalists for what they termed indiscriminate logging, a charge denied by Kuala Lumpur.
Authorities announced the search two days after the Khmer Rouge detonated mines to derail the train in the southern province of Kampot and then opened fire, killing ten people and wounding many others.
After the gunfire started, they jumped down to the ground and I did not see after that because we ran in different directions."
She was released six weeks later, after her aid agency paid a ransom.
The Serb attack came the day after the Serbs warned they were closing the last remaining civilian route into Sarajevo, saying the Moslem-led Bosnian government was using the road to ferry in weapons and ammunition, a charge the Bosnian authorities deny.
The showing was much better than analysts' forecasts of a billion dollar profit and came a day after GM's chief rival, Ford, announced it too had more than doubled its second quarter profits to a record 1.71 billion dollars.
Authorities announced the search two days  after the Khmer Rouge detonated mines to derail the train at the southern town  of Kampot and then opened fire, killing 10 and wounding many others.
(AFP)     SARAJEVO: UN Bosnia commander Lieutenant-General Sir Michael Rose launched  an outspoken attack on Bosnian Serbs after the Serbs raked a UN convoy with  heavy machine-gun fire, killing a British soldier.
"There is nothing new," said a Scotland Yard spokesman some 30  hours after a car bomb injured five persons near the Jewish center in North  London.
That attack came 13 hours after a similar one that injured 15 and  partially demolished the Israeli Embassy's consular section in central  London's Kensington district shortly after noon Tuesday.
The chairman of British Airways also  threatened a legal challenge, stressing the carrier could be forced into  cutbacks after the European Commission's approval for the French government to  bale out Air France.
(AFP)     MOSCOW: The Russian government branded illegal the activities of troubled  high-profile investment company MMM and said it would take steps to soften the  impact of the firm's collapse, after thousands of panicked investors queued to  sell their shares.
The meeting was scheduled as British authorities came under stinging criticism by an Israeli diplomat for failure to take adequate precautions after the embassy bombing which might have prevented the Jewish center bombing 13 hours later.
It meanwhile emerged from British government sources that the Israeli Embassy in London had requested reinforced protection after the Buenos Aires bomb, but that the request was still under study when the first bomb went off here.
(changing dateline) Burundi troops dispatched after refugee slaughter  NAIROBI, July 28 (AFP)  Burundi's interim president dispatched troops across much of the country Thursday to quell ethnic violence centred on swollen northern refugee camps which has recently claimed up to to 2,000 lives.
Burundi fell victim to ethnic clashes in October 1993 after an attempted coup against the country's first Hutu president Melchior Ndadaye, who was murdered just four months after his appointment.
The two airline companies were never merged after North Yemen was unified with the former Marxist south in May 1990, despite an agreement to create a single Yemeni airline.
The official news agency SABA said 17 Alyemda pilots had returned to Sanaa from Abu Dhabi, where they had sought refuge after Aden fell to northern troops.
Chalker, the minister for overseas development and cooperation, said after visiting Goma that refugees must be encouraged to return home by guaranteeing their safety.
Barshefsky, who is heading the US side in the talks, returned to Washington Wednesday after talks with Hayashi in Hong Kong at the weekend which failed to reach agreement.
At the close of play, the Board XI was 280 for five after winning the toss and electing to bat.
Ranatunga, a left-hander, was twice hit by deliveries from Akram -- he left the field for treatment after scoring 52 and was felled again just before the close.
Parliament gears up for war on foreign satellite TV broadcasts  TEHRAN, July 28 (AFP)  The Iranian parliament geared up Thursday to declare war on foreign satellite television programs after months of debate over how to stop the proliferation of satellite receivers in Iran.
Wall Street prices up  NEW YORK, July 28 (AFP)  Wall Street prices were on the rise after a sluggish start in early trading Thursday.
Shortly after trading opened, the Dow Jones Index of 30 leading industrials was up 4.85 points (0.13 percent) at 3,725.32 points.
Abiola, the presumed winner of June 1993 presidential elections was arrested last month and charged with "treasonable felony" after declaring the military government illegitimate and pronouncing himself head of state.
The green light for the arrest came after judicial authorities requested authorisation to arrest the senator, a formality required in France where parliamentary privilege gives senators and deputies immunity from arrest.
Arreckx also argues his request for financial help came after the company was awarded the contract making it "influence peddling" rather than out-and-out corruption.
The ruling coalition reached an agreement after the Social Democratic Party (SDP) persuaded conservative members, who had called for an increase to a ceiling of two percent, to maintain spending at current levels.
World championship leader Schumacher, already fined 25,000 dollars for the incident, was accused of ignoring a five-second stop-and-go penalty, followed by a black flag, at Silverstone on July 10 after he had overtaken Damon Hill on the warm-up lap.
Two other Indiana Jones adventures followed bringing in millions of dollars, but after the 1989 "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade," Ford said he was calling it a day and donated his trademark hat to the Smithsonian institute.
Convoy leader, Captain Mark Pazik, of the United Nations Assistance Mission in Rwanda (UNAMIR), said they picked the refugees from a camp in Ruhengeri, northwest of here, where some of them had arrived after walking 70 kilometres (45 miles) from Goma.
That government was appointed after the April 6 death in a suspect plane crash of of Hutu president Juvenal Habyarimana, the event which sparked the slaughter.
reopens (HOCKENHEIM) FIA spokesman Martin Whitaker said Thursday that the Court of Appeal hearing would not be held until shortly after the Belgian Grand Prix on August 28.
Three workers executed for embezzling company funds  HONG KONG, July 28 (AFP)  China executed three company employees Thursday after finding them guilty of embezzling funds from their companies and other businesses in the coastal provinces of Guangdong and Fujian, a report said.
President Bill Clinton ordered an increased US effort for relief operations last week after a cholera broke out in refugee camps in Zaire, where some 1.2 million refugees have fled.
                    Nigeria-Abiola,lead                     changing dateline                     600 words around 1600 GMT     MOSCOW:         A crowd of panicked investors swells                     outside a troubled investment firm                     after the government declares its                     activities illegal and moves to clamp                     down on other risky investment firms.
                    US-Whitewater                     600 words around 1630 GMT                     by John Zollinger     GOMA, Zaire:    More than 20 Zaireans die of cholera after the                     epidemic decimates Rwandan refugees in camps                     in eastern Zaire, medical sources say.
                    Mideast-Peres,lead                     450 words around 1600 GMT                     by Elie Austa     TEHRAN:         The Iranian parliament gears up to                     declare war on foreign satellite television                     programs after months of debate over                     how to stop the proliferation of                     satellite receivers in Iran.
Last month Tapie was led away in handcuffs from his sumptuous Paris mansion after an early morning police raid, after telephone bugging devices tipped off the authorities that he was preparing to leave the country for Rwanda.
Tapie was elected to the European Parliament on June 12 after his slate won a substantial 12.3 percent of the vote and 13 seats.
"Cyprus can become the Switzerland of the Middle East where people, ideas, business and affairs can really meet freely and openly," Peres said after talks with President Glafcos Clerides, a Greek-Cypriot.
The showing was much better than analysts' forecasts of a billion dollar profit and came a day after the country's second largest automaker, Ford, announced it too had more than doubled its second quarter profits to a record 1.71 billion dollars.
General Motors rose one to 50-1/2 after announcing a record second quarter profit of 1.92 billion dollars, while Dow Chemical fell 1/4 to 67-3/8 after announcing that its profit improved 68.4 percent in the second quarter to 251 million dollars.
The war between forces loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh and those of his southern rival Ali Salem al-Baid ended on July 7 when Saleh's troops entered the key southern port city of Aden after a month-long siege and bombardment.
A car bomb exploded outside a Jewish charity centre in London early Wednesday injuring five people, hours after another car bomb wrecked Israeli embassy buildings in central London, leaving 15 people hurt.
The kidnappers, wearing black masks and armed with submachine guns and grenades, seized the hostages after the bus left the city of Pyatigorsk and forced the bus to stop near Mineralnye Vody's bus terminal, the ministry said.
Shortly after they allowed two women off the bus, which was making a regular run between the cities of Pyatigorsk and Krasnogvardeysk.
The latest hostage taking came one day after the trial of the last set of mass kidnappers began in the southern Russian city of Stavropol.
"This is truly an historic day, on the verge we are of a major victory for our country," Clinton told a gathering of law enforcement officers shortly after the conference committee reached agreement.
Sun City was recently rated as South Africa's third most popular tourist destination for overseas visitors after the Kruger National Park wildlife reserve and the mountains and beaches of Cape Town.
Abiola has been imprisoned here since June 23 after proclaiming himself president on the anniversary of last year's election.
The protesters, carrying placards and chanting solidarity songs in Yoruba, the language of Abiola's tribe in the south-west, continued to call for the release of the politician even after the session ended.
In the three-year-old peace process, Syria and Lebanon have lagged behind Jordan as well as the PLO, which launched limited Palestinian autonomy in the Gaza Strip and West Bank town of Jericho in May after a deal with Israel.
Speaking after talks with President Glafcos Clerides, a Greek-Cypriot, Peres said Cyprus "can become the Switzerland of the Middle East where people, ideas, business and affairs can really meet freely and openly."
1996 Budapest Universal Exhibition cancelled  BUDAPEST, July 28 (AFP)  The Hungarian government Thursday canceled the Universal Exhibition planned for 1996 in Budapest for financial reasons, Hungarian Prime Minister Gyula Horn announced after a cabinet meeting.
The new socialist-liberal government said the budget allocation of 17 billion forint (170 million dollars), made in 1991 shortly after Hungary's first free elections, was insufficient.
"This was the military headquarters and centre of worship for 14 years after the Israelites returned from the wilderness more than 3,000 years ago," said Jones.
China, Latvia resume diplomatic ties  HONG KONG, July 28 (AFP)  China and Latvia resumed diplomatic ties Thursday, more than two years after relations were broken when Riga established limited relations with Taiwan, the official Xinhua news agency said.
Riga and Beijing first established relations at ambassadorial level in September 1991, but China's ambassador to Riga was recalled in February 1992, after Latvia established consular relations with Taiwan.
Sainsbury rose by one pence to 411 after bidding for Scottish supermarket chain William Low which was also the target of a bid from Tesco which fell by seven to 233.
ICI chemicals, which had announced interim results before tax anmd after exceptional items, of 240 million pounds (369 million dollars) in line with forecasts by analysts, rose by four to 837.
The French franc rose to 3.4165 to the mark after the French central bank had reduced its tender rate by 10 basis points, from 3.4215 when trading began and 3.4173 on Wednesday.
The centralisation had been expected after the announce a year ago of a new phase of the restructuring program aimed at reducing the total IBM workforce to 215,000 by the end of this year, involving early retirement for 50,000 people and the departure of 35,000 more.
Judicial sources said anti-corruption magistrates were only prepared to rule on whether Paolo Berlusconi should be detained after questioning him.
Berlusconi heads several branches of Fininvest, Europe's second largest communications group after Germany's Bertelsmann, which is owned by the prime minister.
The kidnappers seized the bus after leaving the southern Russian city of Pyatigorsk and diverted the vehicle to neighbouring Mineralnye Vody where it stopped near the airport, the spokesman said.
The latest hostage taking came one day after the start of the trial in the southwest Russian city of Stavropol of similar mass-kidnappers who were caught in May (eds: correct).
Israel, PLO close to accord on transfer of powers in West Bank  CAIRO, July 28 (AFP)  Israeli and Palestinian negotiators said they were close to an accord on the transfer of civilian powers to Palestinians in the West Bank after a third round of talks here on Thursday.
"But there are places where you can really let the car stretch its legs, and after doing speeds in the region of 200 miles an hour, we are braking incredibly late for the chicanes," he said.
The meeting was scheduled as British authorities came under stinging criticism by an Israeli diplomat for failure to take adequate precautions after the embassy bombing which might have prevented the Jewish center bombing 13 hours later.
It meanwhile emerged from British government sources that the Israeli embassy in London had requested reinforced protection after the Buenos Aires bomb, but that the request was still under study when the first bomb went off here.
The announcement comes after Paolo Berlusconi, the prime minister's brother, refused to meet Thursday with magistrates investigating possible bribery for the premier's media-based Fininvest empire.
Piggott injured in fall  LONDON, July 28 (AFP)  British racing legend Lester Piggott was taken to hospital on Thursday with head and neck injuries after a race fall at Goodwood.
The source, speaking after a press conference given here by UN Under Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs Peter Hansen after his return from a tour of Goma and Bukavu in Zaire and the Rwandan capital Kigali, said the Kenyan government had informed them of a shortage of jet fuel due to problems at the country's only refinery in the port city of Mombasa.
It was a blow for Hudson, who had been looking for a substantial score to play himself into form after a disappointing Lord's Test.
Abiola was arrested last month after declaring the current military regime illegitimate and pronouncing himself head of state.
Relations between Argentina and Iran appeared to be reaching the breaking point in recent days after Iran's ambassador was summoned twice here by the Foreign Ministry, which also recalled its ambassador from Tehran.
Police released her after she explained a problem with her passport and apparently convinced them that she was not connected with the bombing or the embassy and was a suburban hairdresser returning to Iran to visit her husband.
I suppose because I am Iranian the federal police detained me," she told a local radio station shortly after her release.
Government spokesman Yannakis Cassoulides said "what, perhaps, will now change" after the appointment of Soysal Wednesday "is the adoption by Ankara of a more intransigent attitude," the Cyprus News Agency reported.
Cyprus has been divided into Greek-Cypriot and Turkish-Cypriot sectors since the 1974 invasion of the northern part of the island by the Turkish army, after an aborted rightwing coup planned by the junta then ruling in Athens.
China had initially joined the first post war international trade body in 1945 but left in 1949 after Mao Zedong's communists won the war against the Chinese nationalists.
"From a humanitarian point of view and a personal view it is absolutely essential that we are able to set up this facility in Kigali," Atwood told reporters after a White House meeting with private relief organizations attended briefly by President Bill Clinton.
Clinton ordered an increased US effort for relief operations last week after a cholera epidemic broke out in refugee camps in Zaire.
The gunmen, who were masked and armed with military weapons including grenades, commandeered the bus shortly after it left the southern Russian city of Pyatigorsk on a routine run to Krasnogvardeysk, officials said.
The latest hostage taking came one day after the start of the trial in the southwest Russian city of Stavropol of similar mass-kidnappers who were caught in May.
Fehr said players were convinced owners would adopt their salary limitation proposals after the season unless they went on strike.
(WASHINGTON) Owners have buckled in seven previous work stoppages since 1972, three after owners locked players out of their clubhouses and four more after strikes.
"We will do our utmost to be responsible," Leotard told reporters after meeting with US Defense Secretary William Perry, who is due to fly to Africa to inspect the refugee operations this weekend.
Thursday's announcement comes after Paolo Berlusconi, the prime minister's brother, refused to meet Thursday with magistrates investigating possible bribery for the premier's media-based Fininvest empire.
Abiola was arrested on June 23, 12 days after the speech in which he said the current military regime, which came to power in a coup in NOvember 1993, was illegitimate and pronounced himself head of state.
Dressed in his traditional flowing white gown, known as a boubou, Abiola won the court's permission to talk to his lawyers and members of his family for an hour after the hearing.
Montgomerie was still fuming after carding a par 72 that left him eight shots off the pace.
URGENT  GENEVA, July 28 (AFP)  Northern and southern Yemeni leaders agreed the need to continue reconciliation talks after a three-hour meeting here Thursday, UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi said.
Irish Women's Open scores  DUBLIN, Eire, July 28 (AFP)  Leading positions after first round of Irish Women's Open here on Thursday (Great Britain and Ireland unless stated): 68 - Jean Bartholomew (USA), Tracy Eakin, Janet Soulsby 69 - Corinne Dibnah (Australia), Dale Reid, Patricia Meunier (France), Rica Comstock (USA) 70 - Federica Dassu (Italy), Laura Davies, Patti Rizzo (USA) 71 - Julie Forbes, Karen Pearce (Australia), Diane Patterson (USA), Karen Lunn (Australia) 72 - Catrin Nilsmark (Sweden), Gillian Stewart, Sarah Gautrey (Australia), Susan Hodge, Helen Wadsworth, Janice Arnold (N Zealand), Liz Weima (Netherlands), Sofia Gronberg-Whitmore (Sweden), Caroline Hall, Karine Espinasse (France), Carole Swallow, Rachel Hetherington, Carin Hjalmarsson (Sweden).
Davies on course  DUBLIN, Eire, July 28 (AFP)  Britain's world number one Laura Davies made light of a hectic schedule to position herself just two strokes behind the leaders after the first round of the Women's Irish Open here on Thursday.
Davies, delayed on her return from Detroit after last week's US Open, only arrived in Ireland on Wednesday night, which left her no time for a practice round.
The PLO called for an emergency meeting of the Arab League Wednesday, after Israel recognised Jordan's stake in Jerusalem.
Palestinians want East Jerusalem as capital of their future state while Israel, which annexed the eastern sector after seizing it from Jordan in 1967, has declared Jerusalem its undivided, eternal capital.
Northern and southern Yemeni leaders agree on reconciliation talks  GENEVA, July 28 (AFP)  Northern and southern Yemeni leaders agreed on the need to continue reconciliation talks after a three-hour meeting here Thursday, UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi said.
The visitors were going well at 267 for four when England all-rounder Craig White drove a catch to cover after making 46, and they finished on 298 for six.
The match, just 11 days after Brazil's World Cup final win, pitted second division champions Nice against UEFA Cup hopefuls Bordeaux.
"We had to beware the problems the new offside rule could cause us," said coach Toni after the match.
The match, just 11 days after Brazil's World Cup final win, pitted second division champions Nice against UEFA Cup hopefuls Bordeaux.
"We had to beware the problems the new offside rule could cause us," said coach Toni after the match.
Agassi advances in thriller with Wheaton  TORONTO, July 28 (AFP)  Andre Agassi earned a date with Sergi Bruguera in the quarter-finals of the Canadian men's Open tennis tournement here after a heart- stopping win in a tie-breaker Thursday.
Agassi, after dropping the first set, breezed through the second, but needed to win the tense tie-breaker before overcoming his formidable opponent.
Abiola, the presumed winner of June 1993 presidential elections, was arrested on June 23 after declaring the military regime illegitimate and pronouncing himself head of state.
Israel warned Tuesday of "painful retaliation" after bomb attacks on Israeli and Jewish targets in London and Buenos Aires, and attacks by Iranian-backed Hezbollah guerrillas in southern Lebanon which left one Israeli officer dead.
                    US-Japan,2ndlead                     600 words at about 2230 GMT                     by Sue Kendall     TEHRAN:         The Iranian parliament gears up to                     declare war on foreign satellite television                     programs after months of debate over                     how to stop the proliferation of                     satellite receivers in Iran.
Northern and southern Yemeni leaders agree on reconciliation talks  GENEVA, July 28 (AFP)  Northern and southern Yemeni leaders agreed on the need to continue reconciliation talks after a three-hour meeting here Thursday, UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi said.
The White House comments came after Bosnian Serbs launched a series of attacks against UN personnel, including firing on a UN convoy Wednesday which left one British soldier dead and one wounded.
The ministers were expected to approve the sanctions after separatist Bosnian Serbs Thursday demanded more negotiations on the contact group's "incomplete" international peace plan for war-torn Bosnia- Hercegovina.
But the May 5 verdict was later scrapped and a second trial arranged after the surprise discovery of Firkh in a Lebanese jail.
Lebanon decided earlier this year to speed up legal procedures and tighten security after a church bombing in February that killed 11 people.
A car bomb exploded outside a Jewish charity centre in London early Wednesday injuring five people, hours after another car bomb wrecked Israeli embassy buildings in central London, leaving 15 people hurt.
Terence Hadenham, 43, was placed on probation for three years by Judge John Whitley and ordered to pay the cash to his young victim at the rate of five pounds (7.5 dollars) a week, after being found guilty of gross indecency and indecent assault.
Judge Whitley told Portsmouth Crown Court, southern England, he would not send Hadenham to prison after hearing that he would be ridiculed by fellow inmates because he suffered stunted growth and has a glass eye.
The United Nations imposed an economic embargo against Serbia and Montenegro after Belgrade backed the separatist bid by the Bosnian Serbs leading to the start of the Bosnian war in April 1992.
Zedillo, a former education minister, stepped in after the PRI's first candidate, Luis Donaldo Colosio, was fatally shot at a campaign rally in the border town of Tijuana in March.
Abiola, considered as having won the presidential elections held last year, was arrested late last month after declaring the military regime illegitimate and pronouncing himself head of state.
"We're going to let the young guys know after we beat them by 40 that this is how it is supposed to be done," said guard Reggie Miller, among those representing the United States at next month's world championships in Toronto.
"Then we're going to rub their heads and say, 'It's OK young guys' and then we're going after Italy and Russia and all the rest," Miller said.
    STRATTON MOUNTAIN, Vermont, July 28 (AFP) - Results here Thursday after  rain concluded play in the 400,000-dollar WTA US Hardcourt Championships (x  denotes seed):     2nd rnd     Conchita Martinez (Spain x2) bt Karin Kschwendt (Germany) 6-2, 6-0     Amanda Coetzer (S Africa x4) leads Adriana Serra-Zanetti (Italy) 6-4, 2-1     js 
Major attacks Iran after London bomb blasts  LONDON, July 28 (AFP)  British Prime Minister John Major Thursday made a powerful attack on Iran as he called on the international community to unite against bomb attacks like those which hit Jewish targets in London this week.
More road games for Mariners  SEATTLE, Washington, July 28 (AFP)  The Seattle Mariners, forced from their domed stadium by falling cement ceiling slabs, must play their nine scheduled home games away after a nearby stadium was rejected as unsuitable.
Russia hands over navy base to Estonia  MOSCOW, July 29 (AFP)  Russia turned over its navy base in Tallinn to the Estonian navy Thursday, two days after Russian and Estonian leaders agreed on the terms of the pullout of 2,500 Russian troops remaining in the Baltic state, ITAR-TASS news agency said.
"The deadline will not be pushed back," Barshefsky told reporters after confirming that she would meet with Hayashi later in the day.
The latest postponement to the government procurement deadline, on June 30, came a day after yet another government change, with the election of Tomiichi Murayama as prime minister.
Jewish refugee killed herself after seeing Schindler's List: inquest  OXFORD, England, July 29 (AFP)  A Jewish lecturer haunted by the death of her family in Auschwitz killed herself after seeing the harrowing film Schindler's List, an inquest heard here Thursday.
Czechoslovakian-born Ruzena Stanley, 75, escaped from Prague after the German occupation and fled to Palestine before coming to Britain at the end of the Second World War.
Her despair reached new depths after she went to see the film of Schindler's List which included realistic footage of the Auschwitz death camp.
Speaking to a small group of journalists three days after formally ending 46 years of hostilities with Israel, the monarch said that a peace treaty would be submitted to the Jordanian parliament once completed.
King Hussein expressed surprise that "some parties" felt threatened by Israeli recognition of Jordan's role in the holy shrines which Amman continued to manage after the break in ties between Jordan and the West Bank in 1988.
Suspected Chinese smuggling ship catches fire after chase  HONG KONG, July 29 (AFP)  A Chinese fishing vessel suspected of smuggling cars caught fire late Thursday just outside Hong Kong waters after it was chased by marine police, a Hong Kong police official said.
Barr among PGA leaders  MEMPHIS, Tennessee, July 28 (AFP)  Canada's Dave Barr fired a five-under par 66 here Thursday, joining four others with a share of the lead after the first round of the 1.25 million-dollar PGA St. Jude Classic.
Defending champion Nick Price of Zimbabwe was well back after a first- round 72.
Omar, 31, described the circumstances in which an armed group of 15 Islamic fundamentalists killed the seven Italian sailors after boarding their boat.
Omar said he had himself killed three of the Italians, cutting their throats after tying their hands and feet while they slept in their ship's cabin.
Racist campaign causes uproar in Sweden  HELSINGBORG, Sweden, July 29 (AFP)  A racist advertising campaign by the Swedish Democratic party has caused an uproar here after the party posted flyers all along the local rail track attacking immigration.
MEMPHIS, Tennessee, July 28 (AFP)  Results here Thursday after the first round of the 1.25 million-dollar PGA St. Jude's Classic (USA unless noted): 66 - Dave Barr (Canada), Dicky Pride, Fuzzy Zoeller, Payne Stewart, Ted Schulz 67 - Trevor Dodds (Namibia), Jay Haas, Jim Woodward, Hal Sutton, Ken Green, Peter Jordan, Gene Sauers, Robert Gamez, Russ Cochran, John Huston, John Cook, Chris Dimarco, Duffy Waldorf, Mike Bradley 68 - Jim Furyk, Dan Pohl, Mo Hatalsky, Paul Stankowski, Jay Delsing, Peter Jacobsen, Loren Roberts ...
The study suggests that older people tend to develop AIDS more quickly after HIV infection than younger people.
They said the 111 men in the study were followed up for at least 10 years after they became HIV positive, and the model correctly identified most of those who developed AIDS during that time.
Invading Vietnamese forces ousted the Khmer Rouge, who still control about 10 percent of Cambodia after having boycotted the United Nations-sponsored elections last year.
One after another, the president's aides explained their contacts with Treasury officials over the investigation, portraying them as attempts to get information to respond to press queries.
Invading Vietnamese forces ousted the Khmer Rouge, who still control about 10 percent of Cambodia after boycotting the United Nations- sponsored elections last year.
(new series) Gunmen seize bus passengers, demand 15 million dollars  MOSCOW, July 29 (AFP)  Four heavily armed men were still holding 34 people hostage early Friday after commandeering a bus in the Russian Caucasus and demanding a helicopter and 15 million dollars ransom, a Russian Interior Ministry spokesman said.
The men hijacked the bus shortly after it left the southern Russian city of Pyatigorsk on a routine run to Krasnogvardeysk, officials said.
Relations between Argentina and Iran appeared to be reaching the breaking point in recent days after Iran's ambassador was summoned twice here by the Foreign Ministry, which also recalled its ambassador from Tehran.
Leaders of the group met Thursday to condemn "state-sponsored terrorism," a day after Kashmiris observed a general strike to protest at alleged summary executions carried out by troops.
(AFP)     GENEVA: Northern and southern Yemeni leaders agreed on the need to  continue reconciliation talks after a three-hour meeting, UN special envoy  Lakhdar Brahimi said.
Speaking to a small  group of journalists three days after formally ending 46 years of hostilities  with Israel, the monarch said that a peace treaty would be submitted to the  Jordanian parliament once completed.
The agency added all the gunmen had been arrested after security forces intervened to storm their getaway heliopter.
The helicopter had been supplied to the gunmen after their talks with local officials and police representatives, but was stormed as it prepared to take off.
The agency added all the gunmen had been arrested after security forces intervened to storm their getaway helicopter.
The helicopter had been supplied to the gunmen after their talks with local officials and police, but was stormed as it prepared to take off.
The men hijacked the bus shortly after it left the southern Russian city of Pyatigorsk on a routine run to Krasnogvardeysk, officials said.
Fifteen other people were injured in the firefight as security forces intervened to end the hostage-taking crisis which had begun on Thursday, when four gunmen hijacked a bus shortly after it left the southern Russian city of Pyatigorsk on a routine run to Krasnogvardeysk.
It had been suggested that Kang Song San had placed under a cloud after his son-in-law Kang Myong-Do, defected to South Korea on Wednesday, where he told a news conference that North Korea had already built five nuclear bombs.
Vietnamese killed, westerners moved to Khmer Rouge base  PHNOM PENH, July 29 (AFP)  Khmer Rouge guerrillas killed three Vietnamese hostages and moved three westerners to a jungle base after an attack on a train in southern Cambodia where 10 people were killed and many were injured, police and train officials said Friday.
Authorities decided to go ahead with the planned SAARC meeting after a public appeal by Foreign Minister Mustafizur Rahman to organizers of the strikes went unheeded.
His appeal came hours after AL chief Sheikh Hasina Wajed announced at a public rally here Wednesday a dawn-to-noon nationwide stoppage Saturday to protest Tuesday's killing of six people in a gunbattle between students and fundamentalists in Chittagong.
Sixty-five Haitians granted political asylum in the United States  PORT-AU-PRINCE, July 29 (AFP)  Sixty-five Haitians have left the country after being granted political asylum in the United States, a US Embassy spokesman here said.
Strike in Kashmir to protest arrest of Moslem militants  SRINAGAR, India, July 29 (AFP)  A strike called by Moslem separatists brought life to a halt here on Friday, hours after security forces arrested 13 militant leaders when they tried to enter Kashmir's holiest Islamic shrine.
All civilian traffic went off the roads and a few shops which had opened hurriedly wound down their shutters after militants began firing in the air to enforce the shutdown.
Police said Malik, who returned to Kashmir in May after four years in prison, had wanted to launch a hunger strike in the Hazratbal to demand the removal of security pickets around the lakeside mosque.
"The best way to confront the Khmer Rouge and the best way to confront the challenges facing Cambodia is by developing the country," US ambassador Charles Twining said after he and Cambodian Foreign Minister Prince Norodom Sirivudh signed the three grant agreements.
URGENT  MILAN, Italy, July 29 (AFP)  Paolo Berlusconi, brother of Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, turned himself over to magistrates early Friday after being served with an arrest warrant over corruption allegations.
Paolo Berlusconi turns himself over to magistrates  MILAN, Italy, July 29 (AFP)  Paolo Berlusconi, brother of Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, turned himself over to magistrates early Friday after being served with an arrest warrant over corruption allegations.
Berlusconi heads several branches of Fininvest, which is owned by the prime minister and is Europe's second largest communications group after Germany's Bertelsmann.
Mubarak went to Damascus on Sunday, two days after seeing Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres, in a bid to make a breakthrough in negotiations between Israel and Syria.
The drug would be administered in capsules after the 14th week of pregnancy and intravenously during labor.
They were reported to have stoned the offices before torching the building with petrol bombs after overpowering two police guards.
Two thieves broke into the gallery shortly after it closed at 10:00 p.m. (2000 GMT) and hid themselves before overpowering the night watchman, a police spokesman said.
Three Vietnamese killed, westerners moved to Khmer Rouge base by Kevin Barrington  PHNOM PENH, July 29 (AFP)  Khmer Rouge guerrillas have killed three Vietnamese hostages and moved three westerners to a jungle base after ambushing a train in southern Cambodia, killing 10 other passengers, police and railway officials said Friday.
She was released some six weeks later after her aid agency, Food for the Hungry International, paid a ransom of food, tools and medicines.
He freed Melissa Himes and the Khmer aid workers after the Khmer Rouge got a lot of food and equipment."
Two women were killed instantly, while two others died on the way to hospital after the kidnappers detonated a handgrenade, the agency said.
Fifteen other people were injured in the firefight as security forces intervened to end the hostage-taking crisis which had begun on Thursday, when four gunmen hijacked a bus shortly after it left the southern Russian city of Pyatigorsk on a routine run to Krasnogvardeysk.
His remarks came two days after a senior Russian diplomat warned that a ministerial meeting of the contact group on Bosnia scheduled for Saturday could be cancelled if Russia and the West could not find a common position.
The official, speaking after a BOI meeting here, did not name the Swedish firm, but said Pakistan would tap all sources to finance the project, which will take two years to complete.
US charges against opposition MP leaked to Thai press  BANGKOK, July 29 (AFP)  Details of US charges that a Thai opposition leader had links to the drug trade have been leaked to the press here, a day after Foreign Minister Prasong Soonsiri disclosed them in parliament.
Israel warns bombers of the right of reprisal  JERUSALEM, July 29 (AFP)  Israel has a right to strike back against terorrists with "all appropriate means", Police Minister Moshe Shahal warned Friday after the Buenos Aires and London bombings.
Pakistan hockey hero dies  ISLAMABAD, July 29 (AFP)  Pakistan's legendary full-back, Munawar-uz-Zaman, has died after a heart attack on the hockey field, news reports said Friday.
Zaman, 41, who collapsed after a playing a domestic match in Karachi on Thursday, leaves behind a widow and two daughters.
The announcment from Mavrodi came a day after the Russian government described the company's activities as illegal and announced it was urgently drafting new measures to regulate the country's chaotic financial markets.
New guidelines for AIDS infection control  SYDNEY, July 29 (AFP)  Australia released new guidelines Friday after four women were infected with the AIDS virus in a doctor's surgery on the same day.
Australian Olympic Committee president and SOCOG vice president John Coates told reporters the appointment was a relief as Pemberton was "up to speed" after nine months as president.
The ruling Kuomintang banned official or direct commerical links with China after being driven off the mainland by the communists in 1949.
Both ruling and opposition lawmakers attacked the National Security Planning Agency (NSPA) for mishandling the defector, Kang Myong-Do, after his statement -- and the timing of the announcement of his defection -- caused ripples here and abroad.
Police opened fire on a crowd in the city's Maisuma district, killing a vegetable seller, after protestors torched two vehicles, police said.
Police said Malik, who returned to Kashmir in May after four years in prison, had wanted to go on hunger strike in the sacred mosque to demand the removal of the security provisions around the lakeside shrine.
An AFP reporter and other journalists travelling in a van shortly after the arrests, came under fire from unknown gunmen.
Extracts from the files, published in four local newspapers Friday, draw the veil on South Africa's security war against the ANC before the organisation was unbanned after 30 years in 1990.
Prison officials, according to the files, identified a core group of ANC and SACP officials, including Mandela and Maharaj, who were plotting to set up, after their release, "a body which would serve to reorganise violence and sabotage in South Africa."
Maharaj, described in the files as "an extremely dangerous and ruthless opponent", was released from Robben Island in December 1976 after serving a 12-year sentence for sabotage.
She scored a five-under-par 67 after a three-hour rain delay before teeing off.
She returned six weeks after that, tying for 14th at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
Four years in jail for Britons carrying drugs  LILLE, France, July 29 (AFP)  A court here handed two Britons four-year jail terms and ordered them to pay fines of four million francs (742,000 dollars) each after authorities found 22,200 tablets of ecstacy, an amphetamine derivative, in their bags aboard an international train.
Paolo Berlusconi, 44, gave himself up shortly after 8:00 a.m. (0600 GMT) and was served with an arrest warrant over corruption allegations involving possible bribery for the prime minister's Fininvest media- based empire.
Berlusconi was accompanied by his lawyers Oreste Dominioni and Vittorio Virgo to the court building here, where his interview with leading anti-corruption magistrate Antonio Di Pietro began around 9:00 a.m. Another Fininvest finance official, Gianmarco Rizzi, turned himself over to magistrates an hour after Berlusconi.
Berlusconi heads several branches of Fininvest, which is owned by the prime minister and is Europe's second largest communications group after Germany's Bertelsmann.
The order for Paolo Berlusconi's arrest came only a week after the prime minister was forced into a humiliating climb down over his decree to clip magistrates' powers to detain corruption suspects.
                    Taiwan-assembly, lead                     600 words around 1200 GMT                     by Hsin-Hsin Yang     PHNOM PENH:     Khmer Rouge guerrillas kill three                     Vietnamese hostages and move three westerners                     to a jungle base after an attack on a train                     in southern Cambodia where 10 people were                     killed in an ambush.
Israel captured east Jerusalem, where the sites are located, from Jordanian rule in the 1967 Middle East war and is committed to negotiating the future of Jerusalem after two years of Palestinian autonomy.
Burundi, a tiny central African nation which has the same ethnic mix of Hutus and Tutsis as its northern neighbour Rwanda, had remained relatively peaceful since President Cyprien Ntaryamira was killed together with the Rwandan president in a plane crash after a suspected rocket attack on their aircraft on April 6.
More than 50,000 Burundians died at that time in massacres sparked by Ndadaye's death just four months after his election.
The French franc remained firm a day after the Bank of France reduced its rates, and was quoted at 3.4145 francs to the mark, compared to 3.4165 on Thursday.
He expressed surprise that "some parties" felt threatened by Israel's recognition of Jordan's role in the holy shrines which Amman continued to manage after a break in ties between Jordan and the West Bank in 1988.
The new law was immediately published in a special edition of the official gazette after the president signed it, the official added.
The warrants will be converted into equity shares after 18 months.
Two thieves broke into the gallery shortly after it closed at 10:00 p.m. (2000 GMT) and hid themselves before overpowering the night watchman, a police spokesman said.
He is currently being held on treason charges after declaring himself president.
Berlusconi was speaking hours after his younger brother Paolo, 44, was arrested over corruption allegations involving possible bribery for Fininvest.
"The Security Council does not reflect the (present) world situation but the one that existed after the Second World War," he said, referring to the five  permament members -- the United States, Britain, France, Russia and China.
Police said Malik, who returned to Kashmir in May after four years in prison, had wanted to launch a hunger strike inside the mosque to demand the removal of the security pickets around the lakeside shrine.
An AFP reporter and other journalists travelling in a van shortly after the arrests came under fire from unknown gunmen.
Ivanovna, like scores of other shareholders outside the building, said she had invested all of her savings in MMM shares after being convinced by the company's glitzy television advertisements promising huge returns.
A car bomb exploded outside a Jewish charity centre in London on Wednesday injuring five people, hours after another car bomb wrecked Israeli embassy buildings in central London, leaving 15 people hurt.
The US embassy here resumed operations after Ambassador David Rawson returned to Rwanda Sunday.
The lawyers will requested medical records of cuts or bites in the 24 hours after the murder in case Nicole Brown's dog may have bitten the killer.
She was released some six weeks later after her aid agency, Food for the Hungry International, paid a ransom of food, tools and medicines.
Berlusconi was speaking hours after his younger brother Paolo, 44, was arrested over corruption allegations involving possible bribery for Fininvest.
The last car bomb attack was on January 25 -- a faulty detonator partially exploded a car seconds after a military vehicle carrying 10 people passed, resulting in no casualties.
(graphic) Three Vietnamese killed, westerners moved to Khmer Rouge base by Kevin Barrington  PHNOM PENH, July 29 (AFP)  Khmer Rouge guerrillas have killed three Vietnamese hostages and moved three westerners to a jungle base after ambushing a train in southern Cambodia, killing 10 other passengers, police and railway officials said Friday.
She was released some six weeks later after her aid agency, Food for the Hungry International, paid ransom of food, tools and medicines.
He freed Melissa Himes and the Khmer aid workers after the Khmer Rouge got a lot of food and equipment."
Kinnock was replaced as leader after losing the 1992 general elections to Major.
Palestinian authorities close pro-Jordanian daily By Sakher Abu Eloun and Nejla Sammakia  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 29 (AFP)  The Palestine National Authority ordered the closure Friday of a pro- Jordanian newspaper a day after police prevented its distribution in the autonomous Gaza Strip.
The ban came after PLO chairman Yasser Arafat's mainstream Fatah faction condemned an Israeli-Jordanian declaration in Washington on Monday which recognized special rights for Jordan over Moslem sites in Jerusalem.
He had met President Slobodan Milosevic of Serbia late Thursday after arriving unexpectly in Belgrade.
The UN slapped an economic embargo on Serbia and Montenegro after Belgrade backed a separatist bid by the Bosnian Serbs which led to the start of the Bosnian war in April 1992.
Papoulias is to go on to Geneva after his talks in Pale, where the head of civilian affairs for the UN Protection Force is also expected, the Bosnian Serb news agency SRNA said.
The ministers are to announce their decisions at a news conference after their meeting in Geneva Saturday, officials said in Geneva.
The government is looking to carry out new tests after next May's presidential elections, when Mitterrand will step down, ending a moratorium which Paris has observed since April 1992.
Batticaloa was the first region vacated by Indian troops in 1989 after their aborted peace-keeping mission in Sri Lanka.
There had been tensions between the Tamil and the Moslem communities after the LTTE massacred hundreds of Moslem worshippers at Mosques in August 1990.
His comments came only hours after his fugitive brother Paolo Berlusconi, wanted in connection with corruption allegations involving Fininvest, turned himself over to magistrates probing the affair.
The 44-year-old businessman's arrest came after a warrant was issued Tuesday in the wake of accusations by Fininvest's tax director, Salvatore Sciascia, who said the businessman had authorised bribery payments to financial police of 330 million lire (210,000 dollars) during tax audits.
Another Fininvest finance official, Gianmarco Rizzi, turned himself over to magistrates an hour after Berlusconi.
The move came after mounting pressure from opposition parties and members of Berlusconi's center-right coalition have accused the premier of mixing private and government business.
The order for Paolo Berlusconi's arrest came only a week after the prime minister was forced into a humiliating climb down over his decree to clip magistrates' powers to detain corruption suspects.
Sainz quit with only five special stages gone, leaving Scot Colin McRae, his Sunaru teammate and last year's winner, leading after the first day of the world championship rally.
Leaders after the first stage (11 specials): 1.
McRae takes lead in NZ motor rally  WELLINGTON, July 29 (AFP)  Subaru driver Colin McRae drove an excellent first leg of the Rally of New Zealand Friday to take an early lead after his team mates were forced out by mechanical failure.
Scotsman McRae was put under pressure after former world champion Carlos Sainz and New Zealander Possum Bourne, the other drivers in the Subaru team, suffered problems in the first stage.
Sainz was upset after failing in the first stage of a rally he has won three times from 1990 to 1992.
But he was cautious about his chances after the first leg, saying he was in a difficult position and would have to struggle to maintain it.
"But we see a bigger crisis after the consitutional amendment than before," he said, citing the opposition's refusal to accept the vote By approving direct election of the president and vice president, the members slashed one of the main functions of the assembly, whose other role is to amend the constitution.
Kinnock, 52, who stepped down as Labour leader after losing the 1992 general elections to Major, will replace former Scottish secretary Bruce Millan next January as one of 17 - and soon possibly 21 - European commissioners.
Kinnock was broadly predicted to win the 1992 elections, and he resigned days after his decisive defeat by Major, leaving the leadership to John Smith, who died of a heart attack in May and was replaced in a party election this month by Tony Blair.
Berlusconi to cut Fininvest links after conflict of interest row  ROME, July 29 (AFP)  Embattled Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi announced Friday he would cut his remaining links with his multi-billion business empire in a "very radical solution" to counter mounting criticism of a conflict of interest.
Khmer Rouge kill three Vietnamese, hold three westerners by Kevin Barrington  PHNOM PENH, July 29 (AFP)  Khmer Rouge guerrillas killed three Vietnamese hostages and moved three westerners to a jungle base after an attack on a train in southern Cambodia in which 10 other passengers died, police and railway officials said Friday.
"We strongly condemn the Khmer Rouge for detaining the foreigners and attacking and killing the civilians," co-premier Prince Norodom Ranariddh told AFP after presiding over an inter-ministerial meeting on the incident.
She was released after her aid agency paid a ransom of food, tools and medicines.
I don't know if they will release them," he told AFP after the security meeting.
Ramos said he and a senior aide explained "as best as we could what is the government policy" in a meeting with Bishop Jesus Varela on Thursday, two days after Manila Archbishop Jaime Cardinal Sin called on a million faithful to take part in an anti-government protest on August 14.
The club will start the new Premiership season minus six points and banned from the FA Cup, after being found guilty of making irregular payments to players.
The activist, 37-year-old Michael Griffin, who describe himself as a fundamentalist Christian, surrendered to police and was given a life sentence after being found gulity of murder.
The activist, 37-year-old Michael Griffin, who describe himself as a fundamentalist Christian, surrendered to police and was given a life sentence after being found gulity of murder.
The last car bomb attack was on January 25 -- a faulty detonator partially exploded a car seconds after a military vehicle carrying 10 people passed, resulting in no casualties.
The rally was the culmination of a "long march" called to force the government to go after Nasreen, who is accused of telling a newspaper that the Koran, Islam's holy book, should be revised, a charge she has denied Witnesses put the number of rally participants at between 150,000 and 200,000.
Sources said she was likely to get bail after facing a court here, following which she would leave for a Scandanavian country.
Shortly after the opening, the Dow Jones Index of 30 leading industrials was up 13.60 points at 3,744.43 points.
Former Kenya official acquitted of foreign minister's murder  NAIROBI, July 29 (AFP)  A former Kenyan government official charged with the murder of former foreign minister Robert Ouko was freed Friday after the high court found him innocent of killing the minister five years ago.
Ouko's partly burned and mutilated body was found in a field near his farm in western Kenya a week after he was reported missing.
Medium-pacer Manjula Munasinghe underwent a nightmare after spilling a chance from Sohail off his own bowling when the batsmen was on four.
Kashmiris go on strike after troops break up protest by Surinder Oberoi  SRINAGAR, India, July 29 (AFP)  Moslem militants ordered Kashmiris to observe an indefinite general strike Friday after one person died when Indian troops opened fire to break up a protest against the arrest of top separatists.
Police sources said Malik, who returned to Kashmir in May after four years in prison, had wanted to launch a hunger strike inside the mosque to demand the removal of the security pickets around the lakeside shrine.
"The Line," a three-part drama which explores the horrors of train violence and its effects on people's lives, was suspended by the SABC following the screening of episode one last week after the Zulu-based Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) claimed the series was biased against the party.
The corporation decided to bring the series back after various organisations objected to a political party interfering in broadcasting decisions.
Bolivian joins 'Boro'  MIDDLESBROUGH, England, July 29 (AFP)  Bolivian World Cup striker Jamie Moreno, 20, has joined Middlesbrough from FC Blooming for 250,000 pounds, after a successful trial spell with the English First Division team.
The Ayresome Park club, managed by former Manchester United and England captain Bryan Robson, will pay an additional 125,000 to Moreno's former side after he has made 50 appearances.
Tang will be the highest-ranking Chinese official to visit Taiwan since the Nationalists fled to the island after losing a civil war to the communists in 1949.
More than 10 hijackings of Chinese airliners to Taiwan by mainland residents since April 1993 have also fueled tension, as did the recent drowning of 10 Chinese migrant fishermen off Taiwan during a typhoon after they were refused shelter on the island.
"It was always my intention to go away for a few days after the first Test.
That became a bit more evident after the game.
Italian Prime Minister Berlusconi                     on Friday vowed to sever all links with the                     group after his brother was arrested over                     corruption allegations involving Fininvest.
(AFP)     PHNOM PENH: Khmer Rouge guerrillas killed three Vietnamese hostages and  moved three westerners to a jungle base after an attack on a train in southern  Cambodia in which 10 other passengers died, police and railway officials said.
More than 10 hijackings of Chinese airliners to Taiwan by mainland residents since April 1993 have also fueled tension, as did the recent drowning of 10 Chinese migrant fishermen off Taiwan during a typhoon after they were refused shelter on the island.
It emerged as a force to be reckoned with after Israel's 1982 invasion of Lebanon, when several hundred Iranian Revolutionary Guards (Pasdaran) entered the eastern Bekaa Valley.
In 1985 Hezbollah began making headline news after the formation of a political leadership, the Majlis al-Shura, and the first attacks claimed by its military wing, the Islamic Resistance.
The Lebanese government disarmed all militias after the 1975-1990 civil war, but maintains that the guerrillas have a legal right to fight the Israeli occupation forces.
The woman, who was staying at a hotel in a coastal resort of North Wales, was questioned after a member of the public thought she resembled a Scotland Yard artist's sketch of a woman who placed the embassy bomb and called police.
He noted that he had initially aimed to pull the troops out at the end of July, and was withdrawing this first contingent of 300 men after "500 Africans responded to our appeal".
Angola peace talks resume in Lusaka  LUSAKA, July 29 (AFP)  Angola's delicate peace talks resumed here Friday after the return of the rebel UNITA delegates from Huambo where they went to consult top leaders.
On the talks, Valentim said UNITA (National Union for the Total Independence of Angola) is still insisting that it should begin participating in a post-war government of national unity soon after agreement in Lusaka.
The government has said UNITA officials will only be able to take up their government positions nine months after the Lusaka agreement.
Twagiramungu spoke after meeting six members of the European Parliament here Thursday, including Bernard Kouchner of the development committee and Lord Plumb of the foreign affairs committee.
Their determination came after Thursday's start of the treason trial of Abiola in the federal capital Abuja, marked by the death of three Abiola supporters in clashes outside the courthouse with police.
He has been jailed since June 23 after proclaiming himself president on the anniversary of the voided election.
North Korea still without a formal leader by Shigemi Sato  TOKYO, July 29 (AFP)  Three weeks after the death of North Korean president Kim Il-Sung, the Stalinist country remained without a formal head of state Friday as speculation grew over the succession of his eldest son and heir- apparent to the national leadership.
But at an official visit friday by North Korean leaders to the funeral bier of vice premier Kang Hui-Won who died Thursday after a "long illness," according to the official Korean Central News Agency (KCNA), Kim Yong-Ju's position seemed to have remained unchanged.
Such a scenario would nonetheless be embarrassing for the two sides, after a year of talks on ways to open Japan's markets and reduce its massive 60 billion dollar trade surplus with Washington that has already seen one three-month suspension of negotiations.
There has been little progress in the key auto sector since talks resumed in June after a three-month hiatus, but US Under Secretary of Commerce for International Trade Jeffrey Garten said here Thursday that the two sides were likely to hold a new round of talks soon.
Dollar slightly down after GDP figures  NEW YORK, July 29 (AFP)  The dollar was stable against the German mark and Japanese yen early Friday in active trading after release of new figures putting second- quarter economic growth at an annualized 3.7 percent.
People from the region told reporters Friday that both groups were abducting civilians near the border town of Dambala, 110 kilometres (68 miles) north-west of Monrovia, after accusing them of supporting their rivals.
ECOMOG was forced to withdraw from the area three weeks ago after torrential rains washed away a section of the road, making it impossible to supply troops there, peacekeeping force commanders told AFP.
URGENT  MILAN, Italy, July 29 (AFP)  Italian prosecutors on Friday ordered Paolo Berlusconi to be placed under house arrest after police interrogated him for several hours in connection with corruption charges.
Sun City remains closed as workers strike  JOHANNESBURG, July 29 (AFP)  South Africa's largest casino resort and third-ranked tourist attraction, Sun City, was closed for a second day Friday after 3,500 workers went on strike, management said.
But the rulings were overturned after heavy criticism from Moslem clerics and from schools alike.
Wendlinger suffered head injuries and was in a coma for three weeks after crashing just after the tunnel on the Monaco circuit.
Paolo Berlusconi placed under house arrest  MILAN, Italy, July 29 (AFP)  Italian prosecutors on Friday ordered Paolo Berlusconi to be placed under house arrest over corruption charges after examining magistrates interrogated him for several hours.
The younger Berlusconi earlier on Friday turned himself over to police three days after an arrest warrant was issued against him.
Such a scenario would nonetheless be embarrassing for the two sides, after a year of talks on ways to open Japan's markets and reduce a massive 60 billion dollar trade surplus with Washington that has already seen one three-month suspension of negotiations.
There has been little progress in the key auto sector since talks resumed in June after a three-month hiatus, but US Under Secretary of Commerce for International Trade Jeffrey Garten said here Thursday that the two sides were likely to hold a new round of talks soon.
Opposition leader Moshood Abiola, at the centre of the demands that the military hand over power, went on trial for treason Thursday at a court in the federal capital Abuja after he was arrested for announcing himself president last month.
He had met President Slobodan Milosevic of Serbia late Thursday after arriving unexpectly in Belgrade.
The UN slapped an economic embargo on Serbia and Montenegro after Belgrade backed a separatist bid by the Bosnian Serbs which led to the start of the Bosnian war in April 1992.
The hostage-taking crisis had begun on Thursday, when the gunmen, armed with four handguns and five grenades, hijacked a bus shortly after it left the southern Russian city of Pyatigorsk on a routine run to Krasnogvardeysk.
Two killed at abortion clinic  PENSACOLA, Florida, July 29 (AFP)  A militant anti-abortion activist was under arrest Friday after a man used a shotgun to shoot dead two people and wound a third at an abortion clinic here, police said.
The activist, 37-year-old Michael Griffin, who described himself as a fundamentalist Christian, surrendered to police and was given a life sentence after being found gulity of murder.
The Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) weekly Welat was first published in northern Iraq soon after the April 1991 Kurdish uprising against Baghdad.
He said that his fractious three-way rightwing coalition government would not consider resigning, calming the Milan stock exchange after a turbulent week.
Berlusconi's comments came as his younger brother Paolo was put under house arrest, after police interrogated him for several hours.
Another Fininvest finance official wanted by police, Gianmarco Rizzi, turned himself over to magistrates an hour after Berlusconi.
All electronic driver aids were banned this year, including programs automating the starting procedure, and the FIA impounded on-board computers from Benetton, McLaren and Ferrari after the San Marino Grand Prix on May 1.
South Africa final scoreboard  NOTTINGHAM, July 29 (AFP)  Final scoreboard here on Friday after South Africa's three-day tour match against Nottinghamshire: South Africa 327-6 dec (H.
US officials said that Washington was also considering sending troops into Rwanda after a thorough assessment was made on whether to open a new airfield at Kigali, the Rwandan capital.
Such a scenario would be embarassing for the two sides after a year of talks on opening Japan's markets and reducing a 60 billion dollar trade surplus with Washington.
There has been little progress in the key auto sector, which accounts for two-thirds of the trade imbalance, since talks resumed in June after a three-month hiatus.
But he viewed it as a temporary correction after overly rapid growth during the four previous quarters, notably in the household appliance sectors and other durable goods.
Much of it was caused by a wave of looting which swept through the southern port city of Aden after northern forces loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh captured it on July 7.
Fishing blockade lifted at Hendaye, Spanish ports  MADRID, July 29 (AFP)  Spanish tuna boats began to head for home Friday afternoon after ending their three-day blockade of the French Atlantic port of Hendaye and six Spanish ports over alleged French use of illegal drift nets.
The Spanish ports of Gijon, Bilbao and Bermeo, Santander, Pasajes and Fuenterrabia also resumed normal activity after a blockade which paralysed more than 70 ships.
The activist, 37-year-old Michael Griffin, who described himself as a fundamentalist Christian, surrendered to police and was given a life sentence after being found gulity of murder.
Hill founded his group after that killing and he was outspoken in his views during the trial in that case.
In London, the greenback ended the day at 1.5875 German marks from 1.5810 marks the day before, though down from a high of 1.5960 reached immediately after the publication of the output figures.
The French franc remained firm the day after the Bank of France cut its rates, steady at 3.4160 francs for one mark from 3.4165 francs Thursday.
But the rot set in after Paul Johnson was dismissed for 33.
English cricket scores  LONDON, July 29 (AFP)  Scores after second day of English County Championship games Friday: Southampton: Northamptonshire 164 (A L Penberthy 56 not out, C A Connor 7-47) and 130-3 (A J Lamb 57 not out), Hampshire 229 (M C J Nicholas 53, J G Hughes 5-69).
Scandanavian Masters scores  STOCKHOLM, Sweden, July 29 (AFP)  Collated swacores after the second round of the Scandinavian Masters at Drottningholm here Friday (players GB and Ireland unless stated): (x) denotes amateurs Qualifiers for final 36 holes 135 - G Levenson (SthAfrica) 67 68, P Fulke (Sweden) 67 68, V Singh (Fiji) 68 67, S Struver (Germany) 70 65.
Special prosecutor Robert Fiske ruled the case a suicide but Foster's death became the subject of speculation after disclosures that White House officials removed Whitewater-related documents from his office.
Hassler returns to Germany  KARLSRUHE, Germany, July 29 (AFP)  International Thomas Hassler returns to Germany on Friday after signing for Karlsruhe for a club record six million marks (3.75 million dollars) from Italian club AS Roma.
"What we have done, after a lot of effort, is to work out a map which we think in all the circumstances is a reasonable one," said Hurd, who was to attend the ministerial-level meeting.
Japanese Deputy Foreign Minister Sadayuki Hayashi refused to comment on the content of the talks or their progress after a first two and a half hour meeting with US Deputy Trade Representative Charlene Barshefsky at the USTR offices here.
(WASHINGTON) But such a scenario would be embarrassing for the two sides after a year of talks on opening Japan's markets and reducing a 60 billion dollar trade surplus with Washington.
There has been little progress in the key auto sector, which accounts for two-thirds of the trade imbalance, since talks resumed in June after a three-month hiatus.
Among the main companies, telecom group BT, which saw a three percent rise in first quarter profits to 781 million pounds, fell back 22 pence to 369 after the government indicated it would maintain its block against the group going into cable television.
News agency Reuters fell 2.5 pence to 465.5 pence on profit-taking after it announced a 14 percent increase in first-half profits to 245 million pounds.
National carrier British Airways fell 13.5 pence to 421.5 pence after the European Commission agreed a refinancing package for its ailing French rival, Air France.
Water companies rose after a government body regulating the industry agreed an above inflation rise in water prices, more than expected by the market.
Tesco, which has already announced a bid for the group, fell 9.5 pence to 231.5. Oil group Royal Dutch Shell rose 10 pence to 730 after announcing an agreement to sell the majority of the mining assets in its subsidiary Billiton to South African mining group Gencor for 1.219 billion dollars.
He scraped in on the two-under-par cut-off mark after a second round 71.
Post-coup president sacks two ministers  BANJUL, July 29 (AFP)  Two ministers in Gambia's fledgling post-coup military government were arrested just 24 hours after being handed their portfolios, the country's new president's spokesman said here Friday.
The two captains, who were not part of the Provisional Council of the Armed Forces which was behind last Saturday's bloodless coup, were arrested and detained Wednesday, 24 hours after being made ministers at the new government's first cabinet meeting.
The Deputy Minister for Foreign Trade, Long Yongtu, said China wanted to "enter the final phase of talks in September," after thundering earlier in the week at "unacceptable" conditions.
China had initially joined the first postwar international trade body in 1945 but left in 1949 after Mao Zedong's communists won the war against the Chinese nationalists.
The United States acknowledged development in the Chinese position Friday but expected further progress in agriculture and hoped for a meeting in August on customs tariffs, officials said after the meeting.
He is Clinton's second high court appointee after Justice Ruth Bader Ginsberg.
Benetton Technical Director Ross Brawn put up a spirited defence of his team at a press conference Friday after the report was issued.
All electronic driver aids were banned this year, including programs automating the starting procedure, and the FIA impounded on-board computers from Benetton, McLaren and Ferrari after the San Marino Grand Prix on May 1.
Graham Gooch steered Essex to a closing 180 for three with an unbeaten 82 at Uxbridge after Middlesex, boosted by a brilliant unbeaten knock of 123 from Mark Ramprakash, had declared at 525 for seven.
At Swansea, Glamorgan had stormed to 222 for four off 57 overs by the close after Somerset had plodded to 372 all out from 986 deliveries.
(picture) Japan's Murayama: surviving after one month in power  TOKYO, July 29 (AFP)  Japan's socialist prime minister, Tomiichi Murayama, Friday ended his first month in power, bolstered by support in the Japanese press and concessions on his budget and defence policy from conservatives within his coalition government.
However, opinion is still divided over whether the LDP-Socialist alliance can survive as the opposition prepares to form a new party in a bid to regain the power they lost after only nine months in government.
Mum-to-be Rizzo takes lead  DUBLIN, Eire, July 29 (AFP)  Monaco-based American Patti Rizzo took the half-way lead in the Irish Women's Open after shooting a second two-under par 70 on Friday.
Irish Women's Open scores  DUBLIN, Eire, July 29 (AFP)  Leading positions after second round of Irish Women's Open here on Friday (GB and Ireland unless stated): 140 - Patti Rizzo (USA) 70-70 141 - Federica Dassu (Italy) 70-71 142 - Janet Soulsby 68-74, Laura Davies 70-72 143 - Karine Espinasse (France) 72-71, Helen Wadsworth 72-71.
But Bernard Diomede equalised a minute after the break with a powerful shot.
Medecin fled to the resort town of Punta del Este on Uruguay's coast in 1990 after French police issued a warrant for his arrest.
The statement was issued after an extraordinary Hezbollah meeting in Beirut attended by leaders of its military wing, the Islamic Resistance.
Signs of the Serbs flexing their military muscle inside Sarajevo came Friday afternoon as two pedestrians were injured by Serb snipers in the centre of the city, including a man fighting for his life after sustaining a critical head wound, hospital authorities said.
The clashes erupted after police prevented activists from the Anti- Communal Students' Society from moving towards an area where the fundamentalist Jamaat-e-Islami had ended a rally, the witnesses said.
The RPF-led government, made up of Tutsis and moderate Hutus, came to power earlier this month after the military defeat of the former Hutu- led interim administration in power during the civil war.
Hardline Hutus have been held responsible for the massacre of Tutsis which began in April after the suspicious crash of the Hutu president's plane, for which hardliners blamed the Tutsis.
The United States is urging the four French-speaking African countries taking part in the French-led operation in Rwanda to keep their 500 troops in place after the French forces pull out, the State Department spokesman said.
Breyer is his second nominee to the high court after Ruth Bader Ginsberg, a women's rights advocate who joined the court last year.
US officials said that Washington was considering sending troops into Rwanda after a thorough assessment was made on whether to open a new airfield at Kigali, the Rwandan capital.
Chicago drops forward Grant  CHICAGO, Illinois, July 29 (AFP)  Horace Grant will not return to the Chicago Bulls after refusing a 20 million-dollar deal, said team owner Jerry Reinsdorf, who in part blamed the forward for the team's playoff ouster.
The activist, 37-year-old Michael Griffin, who described himself as a fundamentalist Christian, surrendered to police and was given a life sentence after being found guilty of murder.
Britton began travelling to Pensacola from his home in Fernandina Beach, Florida to perform abortions after Gunn's death.
(PENSACOLA) Hill founded his group after that killing and he was outspoken in his views during the trial in that case.
US officials said that Washington was considering sending troops into Rwanda after a thorough assessment was made on whether to open a new airfield at Kigali.
The world's number-two ranked player ousted Sandra Cacic 6-4, 3-6, 6-1 and then eliminated Tami Whitlinger-Jones 6-3, 6-0 after rain Thursday washed out her match.
She fell to Iva Majoli of Croatia 6-3, 5-7, 7-6 (7/3) after eliminating Canada's Sonya Jeyaseelan 6-1, 6-0.
The statement came hours after the bloody end to the fourth mass hostage-taking in southern Russia in eight months, all of which have been linked with the tiny Moslem state.
Jordan said he could average 32 points a game after only a couple of weeks to prepare, but said pride prevents him from ever considering a return to the NBA.
This moderate growth provoked an immediate drop in long-term interest rates by making it less likely the Federal Reserve would raise interest rates again after the mid-August meeting of the policy-making Open Market Committee.
The resumption followed the calling off of the strike embarked upon Thursday by the Air Transport Services Senior Staff of Nigeria after the government agreed to meet their demands.
The two sides agreed to meet again late Friday after a first two-and- one-half hour session early Friday.
Japanese Deputy Foreign Minister Sadayuki Hayashi refused to comment on the content of the talks or their progress after a first two and a half hour meeting with US Deputy Trade Representative Charlene Barshefsky at the USTR offices here.
But such a scenario would be embarrassing for the two sides after a year of talks on opening Japan's markets and reducing a 60-billion- dollar trade surplus with Washington.
There has been little progress in the key auto sector, which accounts for two-thirds of the trade imbalance, since talks resumed in June after a three-month hiatus.
Younger Andretti nears dad's speed mark  BROOKLYN, Michigan, July 29 (AFP)  Michael Andretti was three-hundredths of a second slower than his father's all-time auto qualifying speed mark, but he had the provisional pole position after Friday's Michigan 500 time trials.
Balaguer, of the Social Christian Reformist Party, was ahead of his main challenger Jose Francisco Pena Gomez by about 30,000 votes or one percent of the vote when tallying was stopped after the fraud charges began pouring in in May.
Inkster sets the pace as Alfredsson puts recent collapse behind her  CANTON, Massachusetts, July 29 (AFP)  Juli Inkster snatched the lead in the 450,000-dollar LPGA event here Friday after coming in seven-under on 137 after a second-round 69.
"I know I have to stay focused until the last putt of the last day," said Alfredsson, who blew a huge lead in the final 29 holes last wekend to lose after reaching 13-under par.
Alfredsson knows she must avoid the fade that sent her to final rounds of 76 and 77 last week after she opened with a record 63.
Bradley was also dismayed, making par on the final 17 holes after dropping an 18-foot birdie putt on the first hole.
The motion bans further privatisations until after parliament has drawn up a list of state assets regarded as strategic and which will remain under state control.
An adviser to Prime Minister Vitaly Massol said after the vote that the move was a "veiled attempt...
The setback comes two days after Kuchma pledged to cooperate with the International Monetary Fund to draw up a plan to stabilise and liberalise the economy.
Christopher was to have talks with his Russian, German, French and British counterparts later in the day on stiffening sanctions against Serbia and Montenegro after the rejection by Bosnian Serbs Thursday of a UN-backed partition plan for Bosnia.
CANTON, Massachusetts, July 29 (AFP)  Friday's leading scorecards after the second round of the 450,000-dollar LPGA Ping Championship (United States nationality unless stated): 137 - Juli Inkster 68-69 138 - Helen Alfredsson (Sweden) 70-68, Annika Sorenstam (Sweden) 70-68, Pat Bradley 67-71, Melissa McNamara 68-70 139 - Pearl Sinn (Korea) 70-69, Robin Walton 70-69, Marianne Morris 69-70 141 - Lauri Merten 70-71, Kathy Guadagnino 70-71, Allison Finney 70-71, Julie Larsen 70-71 ...............
"Close, but no cigar," Espy said after intensive talks at the office of the US Trade Representative with Canadian Trade Minister Roy McLaren.
    MEMPHIS, Tennessee, July 29 (AFP) - Friday's scorecards after the second  round of the 450,000-dollar PGA St. Jude Classic (United States nationality  unless stated):     131 - Fuzzy Zoeller 66-65     133 - Dicky Pride 66-67, Gene Sauers 67-66, Jay Haas 67-66     134 - Ken Green 67-67, Tony Sills 70-64, Payne Stewart 66-68     135 - Paul Stankowski 68-67, Jay Delsing 68-67, Dave Barr (Canada) 66-69,  Mike Hulbert 70-65, Doug Tewell 69-66, Ted Schulz 66-69, Hal Sutton 67-68,  Russ Cochran 67-68     .........
One year after EMS collapse, optimism reigns for monetary union by Herve Rouach  BRUSSELS, July 30 (AFP)  One year after the forced collapse of the European Monetary System (EMS) on August 2 1993, Eurocrats here have renewed confidence that a single European currency will exist before the turn of the century.
Crucial US, Japan trade talks resume  WASHINGTON, July 29 (AFP)  US and Japanese negotiators resumed talks after an eight-hour break late Friday in an effort to resolve a key trade dispute ahead of a Sunday deadline for a decision on US sanctions.
"Time-warp" triplet born three years later: press  LONDON, July 30 (AFP)  A baby boy conceived at the same time as his twin sisters was born last week, three and a half years after their arrival, the press reported Saturday.
Ambrosiano director Roberto Calvi was found dead hanging from a bridge in London shortly after the bank's collapse.
The Uruguayan Appeals Court announced Friday that it had voted to extradite Medecin, 66, who fled to the coastal resort town of Punta del Este in 1990 after French police issued a warrant for his arrest.
Agassi praised Bruguera after the match saying he covers the court "even better than Michael Chang -- and that's saying something."
De La Hoya knocks out Paez  LAS VEGAS, Nevada, July 29 (AFP) - Oscar De La Hoya of the United States remained unbeaten by knocking out Mexico's Jorge Paez after only 39 seconds of the second round of their lightweight bout here Friday.
The  statement came hours after the bloody end to the fourth mass hostage-taking in  southern Russia in eight months, all of which have been linked with the tiny  Moslem state.
The provision calls for a six-month investigation, with a possible 90-day extension, after which sanctions will be imposed.
The satellite will replace the Optus B-2, which was lost in an explosion soon after its launch on a Long March rocket in December 1992, in a serious set-back for China's fledgeling aerospace industry.
Talks had started Friday morning, but broke after two and a half hours to give the two sides time to discuss the issues among themselves.
There has been little progress in the key auto sector, which accounts for two-thirds of the trade imbalance, since talks resumed in June after a three-month hiatus.
The two set off an alarm and were picked up after a five-hour chase.
Iran ready to cooperate against international terrorism  TEHRAN, July 30 (AFP)  Iran said Saturday it was ready to cooperate in the fight against terrorism, after the UN Security Council called for international efforts to prevent attacks such as the Buenos Aires and London bombings of Jewish interests.
"Players have been known to come back after being two down and Kamsky is a great fighter.
World number one Garry Kasparov of Russia and British grandmaster Nigel Short were stripped of their FIDE rankings after forming the breakaway Professional Chess Association last year.
A teenage girl was electrocuted after she stepped on a live cable while wading her way to school through water-logged streets in a district of northern Delhi, police said.
The waters of the river Yamuna rose rapidly and were close to the danger level after several hours of non-stop rains, sparking concerns of flooding in the eastern part of the city.
No casualties were immediately reported after three explosions in Dhaka's Hazaribagh district and other small blasts elsewhere in the capital, where business and transport were crippled by the strike.
Tang will be the highest-ranking Chinese official to visit Taiwan since the Nationalists fled to the island after losing a civil war to the communists in 1949.
(TAIPEI) The two negotiators are expected to discuss on Sunday the safety and protection of individuals and their property -- a pressing issue after the 24 Taiwan nationals were robbed and murdered on a pleasure boat in China's coastal Zhejiang province on March 31.
Taiwan authorities last week resumed cultural and education exchanges and processing applications on investment projects on the mainland which had been suspended after the murders as a gesture of goodwill ahead of the talks.
Ten Chinese fishermen also drowned in a typhoon earlier this month off Taiwan's eastern Suao port after allegedly being refused entry to a shelter on the island.
Western nations discuss tightening sanctions on Serbs by Philippe Debeusscher  GENEVA, July 30 (AFP)  Foreign ministers of the five-nation contact group on Bosnia- Hercegovina gathered here Saturday to decide what action to take against Bosnian Serbs and their patron Belgrade after the Serbs rejected an international peace plan.
Ministers could also order stepped up monitoring of compliance with an economic boycott imposed by the United Nations on Serbia and Montenegro after Belgrade backed a separatist bid by the Bosnian Serbs which caused war to break out 27 months ago.
Diplomats close to the contact group countries said Friday the five nations had drafted a proposed resolution on sanctions that could be sent to the UN Security Council in New York within hours after Saturday's meeting here ended.
South Africa led 15-6 at halftime and were in no mood to give it up, but Canterbury scored in the seventh minute of the second half when second five Mark Mayerhofler went over in the corner after a series of ruck balls.
Contact group opens talks on tightening sanctions against Serbs by Philippe Debeusscher  GENEVA, July 30 (AFP)  Foreign ministers of the five-nation contact group on Bosnia- Hercegovina opened talks Saturday on what action to take against Bosnian Serbs and their patron Belgrade after the Serbs rejected the latest international peace plan.
The talks, held at the US Mission to the United Nations, come after the Bosnian Serbs refused to endorse a partition scheme worked out by the contact group and reimposed a siege of the Bosnian capital Sarajevo, lifted since March.
Ministers could also order stepped up monitoring of compliance with an economic boycott imposed by the United Nations on Serbia and Montenegro after Belgrade backed a separatist bid by the Bosnian Serbs which caused war to break out 27 months ago.
The police said they were also looking into the possibility that an American may also be missing after a guest house owner said he was believed to have also left for Sihanoukville on Tuesday.
She was released some six weeks later after her aid agency, Food for the Hungry International, paid a ransom of food, tools and medicines.
"We will put pressure on the UN to allow the forces already deployed in the safety zone to stay there even after our departure because many countries promised to send soldiers and very few have fulfilled their promises," a senior French official said on condition he not be named.
Rocco Buttiglione, a moderate and newcomer to politics, became head of the PPI after he won 56.1 percent of the votes at a party congress here overnight against 43.9 percent for his left-wing rival, former interior minister Nicola Mancino.
    July 30 (AFP) - Herewith the 1000 GMT news advisory:     GENEVA:         A meeting here of foreign ministers of the                     five-nation contact group on Bosnia are                     expected to call for tougher sanctions                     against Bosnian Serbs after their rejection                     of the latest peace plan.
Police say Malik, who returned to Kashmir in May after four years in prison, had wanted to launch a hunger strike inside the mosque to demand the dismantling of the security pickets around the lakeside shrine.
A passer-by called the fire service after seeing the flames.
Iran ready to cooperate against international terrorism  TEHRAN, July 30 (AFP)  Iran said Saturday it was ready to cooperate in the fight against terrorism, after the UN Security Council called for international efforts to prevent attacks such as the Buenos Aires and London bombings of Jewish interests.
"The Line", a drama which explores the horrors of train violence, was suspended by the SABC following the screening of episode one last week after the IFP claimed the series was biased against the party.
The corporation decided to screen all three episodes Saturday after a public outcry against the IFP's interference in broadcasting decisions.
Workers in the metal, mining, telecommunications, chemical, and auto sectors are currently holding strike ballots after separate wage talks broke down.
Kathryn Warburton, 29, was attacked after climbing over two barriers to get a closer look at the bear to take a photo.
(GOMA) In the French army "safety zone" in the southwest of Rwanda, 1,000 extra people sought refuge after looting occurred in neighbouring RPF regions, Colonel Alain Rambeau, the new spokesman for the Operation Turquoise, said.
On July 23, two days after the massive influx of refugees in Goma, 2,908 cases of cholera were treated by international organisations and 717 died.
The "Toubon law", named after Culture Minister Jacques Toubon who launched the project, was passed on June 30 by the mainly centre-right parliament, with the socialist opposition abstaining.
(new series) Rethink for Berlusconi after president tears down his plan  ROME, July 30 (AFP)  Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi faced a new setback Saturday after President Oscar Luigi Scalfaro attacked his plan to put control of his business interests into the hands of an independent panel as unconstitutional.
But after contacts with a British vice consul, a Jordanian officer came to his hotel to apologize over the case of "mistaken identity," the former singer said.
Uganda reestablishes diplomatic ties with Israel  KAMPALA, July 30 (AFP)  Uganda has reestablished diplomatic relations with Israel after a 22-year break, the foreign affairs ministry announced here Saturday.
(picture) Monsoon deluge kills two, flattens houses in New Delhi  NEW DELHI, July 30 (AFP)  A teenage girl and an office worker died Saturday after rains lashed New Delhi, disrupting normal life and damaging many houses, officials said.
Foreign ministers of the contact group were meeting here to discuss what action to take against Bosnian Serbs and their patron Belgrade after the Serbs rejected the latest international peace plan.
Foreign ministers of the contact group were meeting here to discuss what action to take against Bosnian Serbs and their patron Belgrade after the Serbs rejected the latest international peace plan.
It was owned by Charles Adams, a sixth-generation descendent of John Adams, the second US president after George Washington.
Standings after second day of New Zealand rally  ROTORUA, New Zealand, July 30 (AFP) Rally of New Zealand standings at the end of the second leg Saturday: 1.
British security officials were criticised by the Israeli government when they failed to meet requests for more security after the July 18 bomb attack on the central Jewish community in the Argentinan capital Buenos Aires which killed at least 96 people.
"Close, but no cigar," Espy said after intensive talks at the USTR office with Canadian Trade Minister Roy McLaren.
The task is so huge that it was only this month -- 20 years after the initial discovery -- that the researchers solved the mystery as to who created the terracotta warriors.
Under Chinese law, only antiques dating after 1796, the end of Emperor Qianlong's reign, can leave the country, and only after being examined by the government's relics office.
   Saturday, July 30 (since 0300 GMT)     GENEVA: The five-nation contact group on Bosnia-Hercegovina agreed to call  on the United Nations to strengthen sanctions against Serbia after the  self-proclaimed Bosnian Serb parliament rejected the latest international  peace plan.
(AFP)     ROME: Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi suffered a new setback after  President Oscar Luigi Scalfaro attacked his plan to put control of his  business interests into the hands of an independent panel as unconstitutional.
 Scalfaro criticised the proposal the day after magistrates put Berlusconi's  younger brother Paolo under house arrest in connection with a bribery scandal.
(AFP)     TEHRAN: Iran said it was ready to cooperate in the fight against  terrorism, after the UN Security Council called for international efforts to  prevent attacks such as the Buenos Aires and London bombings of Jewish  interests.
No casualties were immediately reported  after three explosions in Dhaka's Hazaribagh district and other small blasts  elsewhere in the capital, where business and transport were crippled by the  strike.
Former prime minister Tshisekedi boycotted the vote after being dismissed from the post last year by Mobutu.
Contact group to press UN for stronger sanctions on Serbia by Gilles Laffon  GENEVA, July 30 (AFP)  The five-nation contact group on Bosnia-Hercegovina on Saturday agreed to call on the United Nations to strengthen sanctions against Serbia, after the Serbs rejected the latest international peace plan.
Foreign ministers from Britain, France, Germany, Russia and the United States had been meeting to discuss what action to take after Bosnian Serbs and their patron Belgrade refused to endorse the group's partition scheme and reimposed a siege of the Bosnian capital Sarajevo.
The economic boycott was imposed by the United Nations on the rump Yugoslav state of Serbia and Montenegro after Belgrade backed a separatist bid by the Bosnian Serbs, which caused war to break out 27 months ago.
There were no casualties reported after several explosions in the capital Dhaka, where business and transport were crippled by the strike, but life slowly returned to normal as the stoppage ended late Saturday.
Diplomats meanwhile said foreigners have been asked not to move around the city since Thursday to avoid possible trouble after the United States and some western countries appealed to the government to provide protection for Nasreen.
Staff at the base who do not have a home in Russia or who have a family member hospitalised in Estonia will be allowed to stay in the Baltic state until March 30, 1996, six months after the base is shut.
Elections were called after the government fell in April when the MEP withdrew its confidence from two small partners in the then-coalition, the Aruban Patriotic Party and National Democratic Action.
"Close, but no cigar," Espy said after intensive talks at the USTR office with McLaren.
Frontline States disbands after two decades  WINDHOEK, July 30 (AFP)  The organisation of Frontline States, set up two decades ago to lobby for the liberation of South Africa, Zimbabwe and Namibia, agreed Saturday to disband and reform as a new regional political grouping, regional leaders said.
"The work of the Frontline States is now complete," said Zimbabwean Foreign Minister Nathan Shamuyarira after a meeting with his counterparts from other southern African states.
South Africa became a member of the Frontline States in June after all-race elections in April ended more than 300 years of white- minority rule.
Paris (33-1) 40.41.46.36     GENEVA:         Western and Russian foreign ministers                     meeting here opt for tougher UN sanctions                     against the former Yugoslavia after Serbia                     and the Bosnian Serbs reject the latest                     peace proposals for Bosnia-Hercegovina.
Russia launched its blistering verbal attack against Chechnya on Friday after the bloody end to the fourth hostage-taking in southern Russia since December.
The decision to storm the aircraft was made after Chechnya warned it would fire on any aircraft, including the get-away helicopter or pursuing Russians, that crossed its borders without permission.
(changing dateline) Mubarak, King Fahd discuss Mideast peace process  JEDDAH, Saudi Arabia, July 30 (AFP)  Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak discussed the Middle East peace process with King Fahd of Saudi Arabia here Saturday after arriving on a surprise visit to the kingdom.
The two Koreas had agreed to hold an unprecedented summit between their two presidents in Pyongyang from July 25-27, but talks were posponed after Kim Il-Sung died, apparently of a heart attack on July 8.
The authorities freed Yasin Malik, president of the outlawed Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front (JKLF), after he suddenly became ill in prison in this summer capital of Kashmir state, officials said.
Malik, who returned to Kashmir in May after four years in jail, returned home to launch a hunger strike in a bid to persuade the authorities to dismantle security pickets around the Hazratbal mosque on Srinagar's outskirts.
Six militants were killed on Saturday in a fierce gunbattle which erupted after the rebels attacked the security forces in the northern Kashmir region of Sopore, officials said.
Contact group to press UN for stronger sanctions on Serbia by Gilles Laffon  GENEVA, July 30 (AFP)  The international contact group on Bosnia-Hercegovina agreed on Saturday to call on the UN to strengthen sanctions against Serbia, after the Serbs rejected the latest international peace plan.
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher told journalists after the meeting that the resolution shold be submitted to the UN "within a week."
The current economic boycott on the rump Yugoslav state of Serbia and Montenegro was imposed by the United Nations after Belgrade backed a separatist bid by the Bosnian Serbs, which caused war to break out 27 months ago.
It equalled his career best score in the Lyon Open last year and came after he had failed to get beyond halfway in each of his last three tournaments.
Talks had started Friday morning, but broke after two and a half hours to give the two sides time to discuss the issues among themselves.
Speaking after foreign ministers of the five-nation contact group on Bosnia met here and agreed to call on the UN Security Council to impose further sanctions, Kozyrev said he planned to tell Serbian leaders of "the outcome of the talks."
The Russsian news agency Itar-Tass on Saturday reported that Kozyrev would on Sunday night have a meeting in Belgrade with Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic after the contact group decision.
   Scandanavian Masters scores     STOCKHOLM, Sweden, July 30 (AFP) - Collated scores after the third round  of the Scandanavian Masters tournament here on Saturday (GB and Ireland unless  stated):     201 - Mark Davis 64-72-65     202 - Mark Roe 66-72-74     204 - Per Haugsrud (Norway) 70-66-68, Vijay Singh (Fiji) 68-67-69     205 - Jesper Pernevik (Sweden) 69-71-65, Sven Struver (Germany) 70-65-70,  Andrew Coltart (Scotland) 72-67-66, Mark McNulty (Zimbabwe) 67-69-69     206 - Michael Besanceney (France) 70-72-64     207 - Robert Karlsson (Sweden) 70-68-69, Mike McLean 69-67-71, Brett Ogle  (Australia) 70-70-67, Frank Nobilo (NZ) 69-67-71, Gavin Levenson (Sth Africa)     67-68-72, Steven Richardson 70-72-65     208 - Scot Watson 70,68,70, Peter O'Malley (Australia) 69-67-72, Mike  Harwood (Australia) 68-71-69, Johhn Bland (Sth Africa) 68-70-70, Lee Westwood  72-70-66, Pierrre Fulke (Sweden) 67-68-73, Colin Montgomerie 72-68-68     209 - Manny Zerman (Italy) 71-67-71, Paul Curry 66-72-71.
Driver injures 22 after confusing brake with accelerator  VIENNA, July 30 (AFP)  A driver who confused the brake pedal with the accelerator pedal on her Mercedes car plowed into a marquee in southern Austria, injuring 22 people, police said Saturday.
The top-level meeting took place after the five nation contact group on Bosnia-Herzegovina (United States, Russia, Germany, France and Britain) said in Geneva Saturday it would call on the UN to strengthen sanctions against Serbia, after the Serbs rejected the latest international peace plan.
Workers in the metal, mining, telecommunications, chemical, and auto sectors are currently holding strike ballots after separate wage talks broke down.
In a statement issued after Saturday's talks, both COSATU and the ANC said a quick and peaceful resolution to the strikes was necessary for the implementations of the RDP.
Jovan Zametica, one of Serb leader Radovan Karadzic's key advisors, said the Serbs were studying the text of the statement released after a meeting of British, French, German, Russian, and US foreign ministers in Geneva Saturday.
Women's Irish Open scores  DUBLIN, Eire, July 30 (AFP)  Leading scores after third round of Women's Irish Open Golf tournament on Saturday (GB and Ireland unless stated): 211 - Laura Davies 70-72-69 214 - Patti Rizzo (USA) 70-70-74 215 - Caroline Hall 72-74-69 217 - Carin Hjalmarsson (Sweden) 72-75-70, Sofia Gronberg-Whitmore (Sweden) 72-72-73, Rachel Hetherington 72-73-72 218 - Karen Pearce (Australia) 71-74-73, Helen Wadsworth 72-71-75, Karine Espinasse (France) 72-71-75, Federica Dassu (Italy) 70-71-77 219 - Evelyn Orley (Switzerland) 76-73-70, Sarah Gautrey (Australia) 72-76-71, Cindy Figg-Currier (USA) 75-73-71 220 - Catrin Nilsmark (Sweden) 72-76-72, Karina Orum (Denmark) 73-75-72, Karen Lunn (Australia) 71-74-75 221 - Julie Forbes 71-77-73, Tracey Craik 77-69-75, Corinne Dibnah (Australia) 69-77-75 222 - Sarah Bennett 75-75-72, Franca Fehlauer (Germany) 73-75-74, Loraine Lambert (Australia) 73-74-75, Carole Swallow 72-75-75, Allison Shapcott 74-71-77.
Five years after the last Stones tour drew six million fans, bass guitarist Wyman, Jagger told reporters in May, "said he'd done enough, after 30 years.
Twenty-five years after the death of the group's founder, Brian Jones, Jagger -- who turned 51 on July 26 -- won't talk about trading rock for a rocking chair.
Jordan prepared to sign peace treaty with Israel: minister  JERUSALEM, July 30 (AFP)  Jordan will be ready to sign a separate peace treaty with Israel after negotiations on disputed issues have been wrapped up, Jordanian Information Minister Jawad Anani told Israeli army radio Saturday.
Finance ministry calls for audit of MMM activities  MOSCOW, July 30 (AFP)  The Russian finance ministry called Saturday for an audit of the transactions of the MMM investment firm, a day after the group provoked panic among shareholders after slashing the nominal value of its share price to a fraction of its previous value.
Hill founded his group after that killing and he was outspoken in his views during the trial in that case.
English cricket scores  LONDON, July 30 (AFP)  Results and scores after third day of English County Championship games Saturday: The Oval: Surrey 195 (G P Thorpe 71, F D Stephenson 6-50) and 115 (F D Stephenson 5-32), Sussex 344 (J W Hall 85, P Moores 66, C C Remy 55 not out).
Despite a double bogey six at the final hole, the Englishwoman shot a 69 to move into a three-stroke lead at a five under par 211 after Saturday's third round.
Pacemen keep tourists rolling  LEICESTER, England, July 30 (AFP)  South Africa look set to continue their victory roll after fast bowlers Allan Donald and Fanie de Villiers put the skids under Leicestershire on Saturday.
Warwickshire's sixth consecutive championship win was never in doubt after Derbyshire collapsed on a hot and sticky morning to make a victory target of 342 as distant as the moon.
But the France remained aware of its "responsibilities" for humanitarian assistance after it intervened in June to prevent further slaughter in the central African country's bloodbath where up to a million people had already died, Balladur claimed.
We won't meet again today or tomorrow," Japanese Deputy Foreign Minister Sadayuki Hayashi said as he left the US Trade Representative's Office after more than three hours of talks, the third session in a marathon two days of meetings.
He was speaking after a meeting with a US consulate official in East Jerusalem, where he said the details of the visit were arranged.
We won't meet again today or tomorrow," Japanese Deputy Foreign Minister Sadayuki Hayashi said as he left the US Trade Representative's Office after more than three hours of talks, the third session in a marathon two days of meetings.
We won't meet again today or tomorrow," Japanese Deputy Foreign Minister Sadayuki Hayashi said as he left the US Trade Representative's Office after more than three hours of talks, the third session in a marathon two days of meetings.
Even after the lag time, employers' share of premiums would be limited to 50 percent.
The contact group agreed on in Geneva Saturday to call on the UN Security Council to strengthen sanctions against Serbia, after the Serbs rejected the peace plan.
We won't meet again today or tomorrow," Japanese Deputy Foreign Minister Sadayuki Hayashi said as he left the US Trade Representative's Office after more than three hours of talks, the third session in a marathon two days of meetings.
"The title VII announcement will be made tomorrow," US deputy trade representative Charlene Barshefsky said after the final meeting with the Japanese side.
Marseille lose opening second division clash  MARSEILLE, July 30 (AFP)  Disgraced former European champions Marseille, demoted to the French second division this season after last year's bribery scandal at Valenciennes, made the worst possible start to the season on Saturday when they were beaten 3-2 at home by Le Mans.
Watched by a 20,000 crowd, the home side were reeling after just nine minutes when Belgian striker Patrick Van Kets opened the scoring for Le Mans.
Marseille's new Irish striker Tony Cascarino put Marseille back on level terms with a penalty after 37 minutes, after Jean-Marc Ferreri was obstructed by Emmerick Darbelet, and Marcel Dib put the home side clear on half-time.
We won't meet again today or tomorrow," Japanese Deputy Foreign Minister Sadayuki Hayashi said as he left the US Trade Representative's Office after more than three hours of talks, the third session in a marathon two days of meetings.
"The title VII announcement will be made tomorrow," US deputy trade representative Charlene Barshefsky said after the final meeting with the Japanese side.
Egypt's Middle East News Agency said Mubarak was speaking after a brief visit to Saudi Arabia, where he discussed with King Fahd "the obstacles hampering the peace process, including the issue of Jerusalem."
Reacting to the PLO announcement, Majali told Jordanian television his country had "always exercised a right of religious sovereignty since 1948" over the Moslem shrines, "and preserved it after 1967 and the break in administrative and legal ties between Jordan and the West Bank in 1988."
                    by James Mannion     GENEVA:         Western and Russian foreign ministers                     meeting here opt for tougher UN sanctions                     against the former Yugoslavia after Serbia                     and the Bosnian Serbs reject the latest                     peace proposals for Bosnia-Hercegovina.
Analysts said the guerrilla attacks were aimed at staking out a strong position in advance of talks with the new government after Samper said he favored holding peace negotiations with the rebels.
"Everything else is gravy after that."
Between 50,000 and 100,000 Christians -- from a total of around one million throughout Iraq -- live in Iraqi Kurdistan, which since 1991 has been held by the Kurds in defiance of Baghdad after an anti- government uprising.
We won't meet again today or tomorrow," Japanese Deputy Foreign Minister Sadayuki Hayashi said as he left the US Trade Representative's Office after a final three-hour meeting Saturday.
There had been little progress in the auto sector since talks resumed in June after a three-month hiatus.
Rookie Pride shares lead  MEMPHIS, Tennessee, July 30 (AFP)  Rookie Dicky Pride narrowly missed an eagle on the 17th hole, then made a bogey on the 18th to finish in a three-way tie for the lead after three rounds at the 1.25 million-dollar PGA St. Jude Classic.
"It has been kind of settling here after everything that has happened to me," Price said.
    MEMPHIS, Tennessee, July 30 (AFP) - Saturday's leading scorecards after  the third round of the 1.25 million-dollar PGA St. Jude Classic (United States  nationality unless stated):     200 - Dicky Pride 66-67-67           Gil Morgan 70-67-63           Russ Cochran 67-68-65     201 - Fuzzy Zoeller 66-65-70           Jay Haas 67-66-68           Gene Sauers 67-66-68     202 - Bob Estes 72-67-63           John Cook 67-70-65           Dave Barr (Canada) 66-69-67     203 - John Adams 71-67-65           Wayne Grady (Australia) 70-66-67     ................
    CANTON, Massachusetts, July 30 (AFP) - Saturday's leading scorecards after  the third-round of the 450,000-dollar LPGA Ping Championship (United States  nationality unless stated):     208 - Helen Alfredsson (Sweden) 70-68-70     209 - Annika Sorenstam (Sweden) 70-68-71           Juli Inkster 68-69-72     210 - Gail Graham (Canada) 72-70-68           Pat Bradley 67-71-72     211 - Laura Baugh 72-70-69           Robin Walton 70-69-72           Melissa McNamara 68-70-73     ................
Alfredsson fell apart a week ago at the US Women's Open, leading by six strokes after seven holes of the third round, then going 14-over par the rest of the tournament.
Graham, who had not made a cut since mid-June, made bogey on two of the first three holes but made five birdies after that, all from at least 10 feet.
Japanese Deputy Foreign Minister Sadayuki Hayashi said as he left the US Trade Representative's Office after a final three-hour meeting Saturday that a new meeting has not been scheduled for Sunday.
There had been little progress in the auto sector since talks resumed in June after a three-month hiatus.
Majali told Jordanian television his country had "always exercised a right of religious sovereignty since 1948" over the Moslem shrines, "and preserved it after 1967 and the break in administrative and legal ties between Jordan and the West Bank in 1988".
But the death of Farid Jarub in early July after police interrogation set alarm bells ringing.
The man accused of collaborating with the Israelis died after having been beaten up and left without medical attention, according to family and friends.
Agassi said he was a little flat going in to the match after his emotional win over top-seed Sergi Bruguera of Span in the quarter- finals.
Japanese Deputy Foreign Minister Sadayuki Hayashi said as he left the US Trade Representative's Office after a final three-hour meeting Saturday that a new meeting has not been scheduled for Sunday.
There had been little progress in the auto sector since talks resumed in June after a three-month hiatus.
Poles commemorate doomed Warsaw uprising against Nazis  WARSAW, July 31 (AFP)  Poland will commemorate Monday the 50th anniversary of the ill-fated Warsaw uprising against German occupation forces in which 200,000 Poles lost their lives after the Red Army failed to help them.
The August 1944 uprising, viewed by Poles as a symbol of their struggle to preserve their independence, was crushed after two months of bitter fighting and the city destroyed on Hitler's orders.
Jovan Zametica, one of Serb leader  Radovan Karadzic's key advisors, said the Serbs were studying the text of the  statement released after a meeting of British, French, German, Russian, and US  foreign ministers in Geneva Saturday.
Pol Pot and his right hand man Ieng Sary were tried in absentia in the early 1980s on genocide charges after a Vietnam installed regime took over in Phnom Penh.
Japanese media said after the talks failed that Tokyo would do its best to avert US sanctions.
Pro-democracy protestor calls off hunger strike after 68 days  BANGKOK, July 31 (AFP)  Thai pro-democracy activist Chalard Vorachat on Sunday ended a hunger strike which had lasted 68 days and announced he would become a Buddhist monk.
The murderers fled after riddling Gasser with bullets, police said.
Four years on and Kuwait wants anti-Iraq sanctions to stay in place by Amani al-Sawi  KUWAIT CITY, July 31 (AFP)  Four years after the August 2 invasion, a Kuwait still fearful of Iraq is lobbying to keep the UN embargo on Baghdad firmly in place.
But Russia called the very next day for the world body to react to Iraqi cooperation and to debate a lifting of the embargo on Iraq's oil exports, its lifeline, after an agreed trial period for long-term disarmament.
With the world's second-higest reserves of oil, after Saudi Arabia, Iraq is "far more attractive than Kuwait" to countries seeking lucrative contracts, the MP said.
Curfew-passes have been sent to police stations across the country in preparation for any outbreak of violence as results are announced the day after voting, a police spokesman said.
Murayama got a clean bill of health after undergoing a check-up at a Tokyo hospital Saturday, the Yomiuri Shimbun daily said.
The prime minister was hospitalized briefly in Naples, Italy earlier this month after attending a working dinner during the summit of the Group of Seven (G7) industrialized countries.
Serbia president calls for acceptance of Bosnia peace plan  BELGRADE, July 31 (AFP)  Serbia President Slobodan Milosevic Sunday urged Bosnian Serbs to accept an international peace plan for Bosnia, hours after foreign ministers of the great powers called for further sanctions against his own country.
A car bomb exploded outside a Jewish charity in London on Wednesday injuring five people, a day after another car bomb outside the Israeli embassy in central London left 15 people hurt.
French government puts brave face on losing language battle  PARIS, July 31 (AFP)  France's right-wing government is putting on a brave face after the Constitutional Court threw out key parts of a controversial new French language law banning the use of foreign words.
"President Mubarak will ask Rabin to push ahead with talks with the Syrians," Egypt's ambassador to Tel Aviv, Mohammad Bassiuni, told Israel radio, adding that Cairo would "doubtless send envoys to Damascus after the summit."
Mubarak went to Damascus the previous Sunday, two days after US Secretary of State Warren Christopher who shuttled round the region for a week but failed to report progress.
News Corp.'s stake was reportedly lifted after the announcement to 2.3 percent, worth around 40 million Australian dollars (30 million US).
Police, meanwhile, shifted a top Moslem separatist leader to a hospital, a day after he sneaked inside the Hazratbal shrine to begin an indefinite hunger strike.
The ailing leader, who was freed on medical grounds on Saturday after two days' arrest spurned offers from the government to end his fast to protest the security checkpoints installed around the white-marble shrine.
The protest against the checkpoints, installed in November after a month-long siege of the complex by militants, was preceded by a boycott of the mosque by Kashmiri Moslems who believe it houses a strand from the beard of the Prophet Mohammad.
Ko also called his relatives a few days earlier and said he was pleased to go home after a two-year stint abroad.
The two Koreas had agreed to hold a first summit between Kim Il-Sung and his Southern counterpart Kim Young-Sam in Pyongyang on July 25-27 but talks were postponed after Kim Il-Sung died, apparently of a heart attack on July 8.
Lock Ian Jones returns to the team after missing the second test because of an injury he sustained in the first international.
Pro-Jordanian newspaper set to defy Arafat and reopen  JERUSALEM, July 31 (AFP)  The pro-Jordanian newspaper An-Nahar prepared to publish and be damned on Monday, after being ordered to close down last week by the Palestinian self-rule authority.
Arafat ordered the closure on Friday after all copies were seized at the entry point into the Gaza Strip on Thursday.
Firemen were inundated with callouts over flooded cellars and roads blocked by mud after Saturday night's violent storm, which was very localised.
                    600 words around 1200 GMT                     by Joseph Gouala     PARIS:          France's right-wing government is putting on                     a brave face after the Constitutional Court                     threw out key parts of a controversial new                     French language law banning the use of foreign                     words.
                    France-law,moved     BELGRADE:       Serbia President Slobodan Milosevic Sunday                     urged Bosnian Serbs to accept an international                     peace plan for Bosnia, hours after foreign                     ministers of the great powers called for further                     sanctions against his own country.
                    Rwanda-visits,                     600 words around 1200 GMT                     by Joseph Gouala     PARIS:          France's right-wing government is putting on                     a brave face after the Constitutional Court                     threw out key parts of a controversial new                     French language law banning the use of foreign                     words.
                    France-law,moved     BELGRADE:       Serbia President Slobodan Milosevic Sunday                     urged Bosnian Serbs to accept an international                     peace plan for Bosnia, hours after foreign                     ministers of the great powers called for further                     sanctions against his own country.
Wilson, 29, together with Briton Mark Slater, 28 and Frenchman Jean Marie Braquet were kidnapped July 26 after a Khmer Rouge attack on a train in the southern province of Kampot.
About 25,000 workers in the auto industry were poised to down tools this week after wage talks deadlocked, threatening to swell the number of workers already on strike to about 75,000.
The union meeting came after the South African Communist Party (SACP) -- the third member in a three-way alliance with the ANC and COSATU -- launched an unprecedented attack on Mandela describing his warning that strike action would discourage foreign investment as "upsetting."
Workers in the metal, mining, telecommunications, chemical, and auto sectors held strike ballots last week after separate wage talks broke down, with 78 percent of auto workers belonging to the National Union of Metalworkers (NUMSA) voting in favour of downing tools.
"Workers are entitled to have high expectations," Mandela told journalists after the talks with COSATU, "because they see their white counterparts with privileges that they still do not have."
Taiwan has committed itself to remove restrictions on imports of cars and 16 kinds of fruit and plans to adopt the Japanese model in opening its rice market by allowing imports of 68,000 tonnes of rice before 1995, 136,000 tonnes before 2000 and removing all restrictions after 2000, reports said.
On Friday a German woman was killed and on Wednesday a British man and an American woman died after falling 800 metres (2,400 feet) from the Jungfrau.
"Mr Tang is willing to meet the leader of the organization in charge (of mainland policy) after he arrives here," Sun Yafu, deputy secretary-general of the ARATS, told reporters after the second day of the semi-official talks between Taiwan and China.
The United States is set to take punitive measures against Japan by September 30 after talks between officials of the two countries bogged down in Washington on Saturday.
Under the 1988 US trade act, Washington is allowed to take unilateral punitive measures against "unfair" trading partners if there is no improvement within 60 days after bilateral talks.
"President Mubarak will ask Rabin to push ahead with talks with the Syrians," Egypt's ambassador to Tel Aviv, Mohammad Bassiuni, told Israel radio, adding that Cairo would "doubtless send envoys to Damascus after the summit."
Mubarak went to Damascus the previous Sunday, two days after US Secretary of State Warren Christopher who shuttled round the region for a week but failed to report progress.
He was speaking a day after the five-nation contact group on Bosnia -- which includes Britain -- said in Geneva that a lifting of the embargo could become unavoidable if the Serbs continued to oppose the "take it or leave it" international partition plan for the republic.
Tension-filled Sarajevo rocked by heavy explosions  SARAJEVO, July 31 (AFP)  Sarajevo was rocked by a series of heavy explosions overnight Saturday after a tension-filled day in which some 600 outbreaks of firing were registered, a UN military spokesman said Sunday.
Powell, winner at the Goodwill Games after a war of words with rival Carl Lewis, would have earned an 80,000 pound car for a new world best.
Lewis, criticised by his teammate after skipping the event at St Petersburg, led early on with an opening leap of 8.68m.
Perry flew out of Kigali for the Zairean border town of Goma around midday Sunday, two days after the US and Rwandan governments agreed to open the capital city's airport for humanitarian relief.
Benjamin, 33, joined Surrey in 1992 and his career took off after four disappointing seasons with Warwickshire.
Tufnell, meanwile, has been given the chance to resurrect a career that looked in jeopardy earlier this summer when the Middlesex left- arm bowler became embroiled in domestic problems that ended up in court after he assaulted his former fiancee.
Bossi said Sunday he would put an alternative plan to the lower house of parliament Tuesday after a planned speech by Berlusconi.
Wilson, 29, together with Briton Mark Slater, 28 and Frenchman Jean Marie Braquet were kidnapped July 26 after a Khmer Rouge ambush on a train in the southern province of Kampot.
Himes, kidnapped in Kampot province March 31, was released after six weeks of lenghty negotiations when her aid agency paid a ransom of rice, tools and medicines.
Fourteen cars, including the Williams-Renault of Damon Hill of Britain and the Ferrari of Frenchman Jean Alesi, were forced off the track after Mika Hakkinen of Finland careened his McLaren across the track at the front of the grid.
Hill, after a lengthy pit stop, was back on the track by lap five but had his work cut out to challenge the leaders.
Moslem extremists began their bloody campaign, which has claimed more than 3,000 lives, after the army intervened in January 1992 to bring about the cancellation of the second round of a general election the Islamic Salvation Front (FIS) was poised to win.
That won the Ukrainian an 80,000 pound sports car and was his first record after a two-year wait.
Abu Sayyaf massacred 15 of the Christians and released 20 others after a ransom was paid.
Perry flew out of Kigali for the Zairean border town of Goma around midday Sunday, two days after the US and Rwandan governments agreed to open the capital city's airport for humanitarian relief.
Officials in this town, modeled like a Bavarian resort, said the 1,500 residents of four canyons near here were told to flee their homes late Saturday after the blazes jumped a highway and moved toward them.
Mubarak travelled to Damascus the previous Sunday, two days after US Secretary of State Warren Christopher who toured the region for a week but failed to report progress on the Israeli-Syrian track.
Damon Hill of Britain was forced off the track in the start shunt but came back after five laps with too much to do to challenge the leaders.
Perry flew out of Kigali for the Zairean border town of Goma two days  after the US and Rwandan governments agreed to open the capital city's airport  for humanitarian relief.
(AFP)     BELGRADE: Serb President Slobodan Milosevic urged Bosnian Serbs to accept  an international peace plan for Bosnia, hours after foreign ministers of the  great powers called for further sanctions against his own country.
Takatoshi Onishi/Nick Hopkins (Japan/Britain) Yamaha 12 laps     Takatoshi Onishi/Nick Hopkins (Japan/Britain) Yamaha     Prescribed laps (those who failed to cover 75 percent of the winners'  laps)     Roy Leslie/Hidetoshi Doi (Aus/Japan) Ducati 171 laps behind     Points ranking after the third leg:     1.
Damon Hill of Britain was forced off the track in the start shunt but came back after five laps at the back of the field.
(picture) Pro-Jordanian daily to stay shut by Magida el-Batsh  JERUSALEM, July 31 (AFP)  The pro-Jordanian newspaper An-Nahar stayed shut Sunday after deciding not to defy the Palestinian self-rule authority led by Yasser Arafat which ordered its closure last week, journalists said.
Arafat ordered the closure on Friday after all copies were seized at the entry point into the Gaza Strip on Thursday.
Large-calibre projectile wounds four Sarajevans  SARAJEVO, July 31 (AFP)  Four civilians were wounded in a Sarajevo suburb Sunday by large- calibre projectiles, hospital officials said, after the city centre was rocked by a series of heavy explosions overnight.
Izetbegovic deplores lack of international determination  SARAJEVO, July 31 (AFP)  Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic Sunday criticised the international community for showing "dangerous indecisiveness" towards the Serbs after they rejected the latest peace plan for the region.
That would allow the Croat-Moslem federation, which supported the partition plan, easy access to more arms after being outgunned by their Serb enemies.
Moslem extremists began their bloody campaign against the state after the army intervened in January 1992 to bring about the cancellation of the second round of a general election the Islamic Salvation Front (FIS) was poised to win.
Moslem extremists began their bloody campaign against the state after the army intervened in January 1992 to bring about the cancellation of the second round of a general election the Islamic Salvation Front (FIS) was poised to win.
Mubarak travelled to Damascus the previous Sunday, two days after US Secretary of State Warren Christopher who toured the region for a week but failed to report progress on the Israeli-Syrian track.
Serge Male said the dysentery epidemic could last up to four months and affect some 30 percent of the local population and the 1.2 million Rwandans crowded into the camps after fleeing ethnic carnage in their country.
"Mr. Tang is willing to meet the leader of the organization in charge (of mainland policy) after he arrives here," Sun Yafu, deputy secretary-general of the ARATS, told reporters after the second day of the semi-official talks between Taiwan and China.
"We simply presented our views during the meeting as we had deep differences in various issues," Sun Yafu told reporters after the meeting.
Four sailors dead after road accident  ALGIERS, July 31 (AFP)  Four yachtsmen died in a road accident at Boutefaha, near Oran, on Saturday night, an official source said on Sunday.
The 29-year-old from Prague, who last hit the headlines when he was fined for swearing at a ballgirl after crashing out in the first round at Wimbledon, won 7-5, 6-4, 7-6 (9/7).
Large-calibre projectiles wound four Sarajevans  SARAJEVO, July 31 (AFP)  Large-calibre projectiles wounded four civilians in a Sarajevo suburb Sunday, hospital officials said, after the city centre was rocked by a series of heavy explosions overnight.
The incident came amid a tightening of the Serb blockade of the city and a day after the five-nation contact group called on the UN Security Council to up sanctions against the Serb side over its rejection of the Bosnia partition plan billed by the international community as a take-it-or-leave-it last chance for peace.
Ogata was inspecting relief operations here before she left for the eastern Zairean town of Goma, the hub of international humanitarian efforts for more than a million Rwandans who fled ethnic carnage and civil warfare after the death on April 6 of Hutu president Juvenal Habyarimana.
The Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF), which seized control of Kigali three months later, has accused Hutu troops and extremist militias of genocide in the weeks after Habyarimana's plane crash.
The assassins fled after pumping Gasser with bullets, police said, adding that a Pakistani colleague accompanying him survived the attack.
The body of the principal was handed over to the Swiss Consulate General after an autopsy, a police official said.
Behind Berger, the big winners were the Ligier-Renaults of Frenchman Olivier Panis and Eric Bernard who survived the first lap and finished second and third after a previously uncompetitive season.
The pit fire, feared since in-race refuelling was reintroduced to Grand Prix racing this year after a decade, exploded when Verstappen made his regular stop.
Mubarak has not visited Israel since coming to power in 1981, after Sadat was assassinated.
(incorporating Yugo-Bosnia-reax and Yugo-Bosnia-blast) Izetbegovic deplores big powers' indecisiveness on Bosnia by Jacques Charmelot  SARAJEVO, July 31 (AFP)  Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic on Sunday criticised the international community for failing to come down hard on Bosnian Serbs after they rejected the latest peace plan for the region.
That would allow the Croat-Moslem federation, which supported the partition plan, easy access to more arms after being outgunned by their Serb enemies.
Four civilians were wounded in a Sarajevo suburb Sunday by large- calibre projectiles, hospital officials said, after the city centre was rocked by a series of heavy explosions overnight.
Hemp seizure in Hungary implicates two Americans  BUDAPEST, July 31 (AFP)  Two Americans have been arrested after authorities seized 500 kilograms (1,100 pounds) of Indian hemp, from which hashish is made, from a plantation in western Hungary, the Hungarian news agency MTI reported.
Unsung hero of the race was Britain's Hill, who lost a lap for repairs after the opening incidents and drove at record speeds, but could not finish better than eighth.
The government had earlier in the week said UNITA could only participate in the running of the war-ravaged country nine months after a Lusaka peace agreement.
The ground has 20,000 seats and 2,000 for standing room after close season construction of two new stands of 5,000 seats each.
Jean-Claude Suaudeau's Nantes will probably field the same side as in Friday's 1-1 draw against Lyon after midfielder Benoit Cauet recovered from a knock to his knee.
Bordeaux's Laurent Croci is out for their match at Montpellier on Tuesday after suffering serious food poisoning.
Karen Dunne (USA)           19     WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL     Preliminary round:     China bt Peru 3-1     Japan bt Cuba  3-1     SYNCHRONISED SWIMMING     Standings after short program:     Solo:     1.
Mubarak travelled to Damascus the previous Sunday, two days after US Secretary of State Warren Christopher, who toured the region for a week but failed to report progress on the Israeli-Syrian track.
Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Moussa, meanwhile, said Mubarak could visit Israel "at any moment," after Israel called for the president to meet Rabin on its territory.
Mubarak has not visited Israel since coming to power in 1981 after Sadat, his predecessor, was assassinated.
Interviewed by author Norman Mailer, 36-year-old Madonna said that after her concerts, "you sit there and you go 'there is something wrong with this picture' because now you feel the most unbelievable loneliness.
Singh wins Scandinavian Masters  STOCKHOLM, July 31 (AFP)  Fiji's Vijay Singh won the Scandinavian Masters here on Sunday by three strokes after shooting a final round 64 for a 20 under par total of 268.
Singh ends chances of Swedish home victory  STOCKHOLM, July 31 (AFP)  Fiji's Vijay Singh ensured Sweden will have to wait at last one more year before celebrating a home victory in the Scandinavian Masters after winning by three strokes.
Already assured of his US Tour card after twice finishing second and winning over 325,000 dollars this season, the 31-year-old South Sea Islander has now done the same on the Volvo Tour.
"I have had a trapped nerve in my back since the Buick Classic at Westchester where I had to pull out after one round, and then also miss the US Open and the Irish Open.
Balladur left Goma Sunday afternoon after a five-hour Zaire-Rwanda stopover.
Military officials in the zone warned the premier of an urgent need to stem a cholera epidemic after hundreds of cases had been registered two days ago in the zone, which contains up to 2.5 million Rwandans, including around one million displaced from other parts of the country.
The mainly-Tutsi RPF heads the country's government after winning the bloody civil war in which an estimated one million mostly Tutsi civilians were slaughtered by hardline Hutus between early April and mid-July.
"We must quickly stem this epidemic because this zone is a transit point for people" returning to the country in their thousands after fleeing abroad, an officer said.
Balladur left Goma Sunday afternoon for the Gabonese capital Libreville after a four-day official African tour which has also taken him to Senegal and Ivory Coast.
People crowded outside the company's main sales office in southern Moscow after its one-day closure on Saturday, atended by a vast army of vendors selling hats, papers and fruit to the crowd.
Washington was expected to issue a statement accusing Japan of unfair trade practices after two days of talks on Japanese government purchases of telecommunications and medical equipment ended in failure Saturday.
US Deputy Trade Representative Charlene Barshefsky said after the final session of talks ended Saturday that the formal announcement would be made Sunday.
A four-year-old child was hospitalised after stepping on a weever fish in Bournemouth and a 12-year-old was also taken to hospital when he was stung by a fish near Poole, Dorset.
Karen Dunne (USA)           19     WOMEN'S VOLLEYBALL     Preliminary round:     China bt Peru 3-1     Japan bt Cuba  3-1     SYNCHRONISED SWIMMING     Standings after short program:     Solo:     1.
Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic meanwhile criticised the international community as going easy on the Bosnian Serbs after they rejected the peace plan.
Speaking hours after the major powers trying to end the war agreed to seek tougher sanctions against his country, Milosevic urged the Bosnian Serbs to accept the peace plan.
The plan calls for giving 51 percent of Bosnia's territory to the new Croat-Moslem federation and 49 percent to the Serbs, who currently control 70 percent after 27 months of fighting.
That would allow the Croat-Moslem federation, which has endorsed the partition plan, easy access to arms after being outgunned by their Serb enemies.
South Africa scoreboard  LEICESTER, England, July 31 (AFP)  Close scoreboard after play was abandoned because of rain here on Sunday in the tour match between Leicestershire and South Africa: South Africa 1st innings 270-8 declared (D.J. Cullinan 66, G.F.J. Liebenberg 59).
Several thousand southern soldiers and hundreds of officials fled Yemen after the fall of Aden.
Brahimi said after the meeting that the two parties agreed "to maintain the contact," but did not say when talks were going to resume.
I thought I would be able to take first place, but suddenly I had a problem after my pit stop.
Perry, who had visited Kigali previously, said the new Rwandan government assured him there would be "no reprisals, no retribution" for refugees returning home after fleeing months of tribal warfare and massacres.
More than half a million Tutsis and moderate Hutus were slaughtered in the civil war after the death on April 6 of Hutu president Juvenal Habyarimana when a plane carrying him and his Burundi counterpart  was apparently shot down.
"We call on the criminals to come and demonstrate repentance before us, to allow us to be sure that justice will be done," Sendashonga told AFP during a visit to the northern border town of Gisenyi after a meeting with his Zairean counterpart Maluba M'Bangula.
The fourth, said to have a criminal record, was detained after throwing a Molotov cocktail onto the Florence-Livorno motorway.
"My feeling is that (Assad) is much more flexible and he wants peace," Mubarak said at a joint news conference with Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin at Egypt's Red Sea resort of Taba, after an hour-long meeting.
Mubarak met Assad last Sunday, two days after US Secretary of State Warren Christopher, who toured the region for a week but reported no progress on the Israeli-Syrian track.
Arriving here after inspecting the French military intervention force engaged in a controversial mission in southwest Rwanda, the prime minister said France, which was set to pull its men out by August 22, was ready to "allow the time necessary" for its troops to give "logistical support" from the Zairean side of the border.
Meanwhile, US Defense Secretary William Perry ended a brief visit to Kigali on Sunday, flying on for a further visit to Goma after the UN and US flew in technical staff to upgrade the Rwandan capital's airport to full working order, round the clock.
Rabin was speaking at a joint press conference with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak, after hour-long talks between the two leaders in this Red Sea resort.
Tv programme sets off new wave of killings in KwaZulu-Natal  DURBAN, South Africa, July 31 (AFP)  At least five people were killed in seperate incidents in KwaZulu- Natal province after the broadcast of a controversial televion programme, Durban police in Sunday.
The final two episodes of The Line were broadcast by South African television Saturday night after a week-long delay following Inkatha protests.
The warning came a week after some chairmen of state branches of the NLC in the northern part of the country said that they would not join in the strike, whenever it is declared, because it is politically- motivated.
The presumed winner of presidential elections held in June last year but whose outcome was annulled by the military junta, Abiola was arrested after he last month declared himself head of state.
The meeting of the SAARC Council of Ministers unanimously accepted the Indian proposal to host the eighth summit of the regional grouping from April 15 to 17, Bangladesh Foreign Minister Mustafizur Rahman told newsmen after chairing the close of the two-day meeting.
The incident came amid a tightening of the Serb blockade of the city and a day after the five-nation contact group (Britain, France, Germany, Russia, United States) called on the UN Security Council to up sanctions against the Serb side over its rejection of the Bosnia partition plan billed by the international community as a take-it-or- leave-it last chance for peace.
The decision came after two days of fruitless talks here on ways to boost Japanese government purchases of foreign telecommunications and medical equipment which ended Saturday.
The decision came after two days of fruitless talks here on ways to boost Japanese government purchases of foreign telecommunications and medical equipment.
The UN cut its troop strength in Rwanda from 2,500 to 450 in April just days after the death of former president Juvenal Habyarimana, which ignited a bloody tribal war that left an estimated one million people dead.
It means that I have had at least one European Tour victory in each of the last ten years," said Davies after her fifth win of the year.
(LONDON) Durham were on 165 for four after 31.4 overs when rain ended play, giving them a comfortable win on the faster scoring rate.
The news came hours after the conclusion of unofficial talks between the two sides of the Taiwan Straits held in Taipei.
"Mr. Tang is willing to meet the leader of the organization in charge (of mainland policy) after he arrives here," Sun Yafu, deputy secretary-general of the ARATS, told reporters in Taipei on Sunday after the second day of the semi-official talks between Taiwan and China.
Chinese authorities on Sunday sent a letter of complaint to Taiwan's SEF to express "strong discontent" after ARATS members were "pulled, pushed and shoved" by the demonstrators, Xinhua said.
English Sunday League table  LONDON, July 31 (AFP)  Standings after Sunday's games in the English Sunday League (played, won, lost, tied, no result, points): Warwickshire (10)         11  9  1  0  1  38 Lancashire (6)            10  7  2  0  1  30 Worcestershire (16)       10  7  2  0  1  30 Kent (2)                  11  7  4  0  0  28 Yorkshire (9)             11  6  4  0  1  26 Surrey (3)                12  5  4  0  3  26 Glamorgan (1)             11  5  4  1  1  24 Derbyshire (11)           11  5  4  0  2  24 Durham (7)                11  4  3  1  3  24 Nottinghamshire (17)      11  4  4  0  3  22 Hampshire (15)            11  5  6  0  0  20 Sussex (4)                11  4  6  0  1  18 Leicestershire (14)       10  4  5  0  1  18 Somerset (18)             11  4  7  0  0  16 Northamptonshire (5)      11  3  6  1  1  16 Middlesex (8)             11  3  7  0  1  14 Gloucestershire (13)      11  2  8  0  1  10 Essex (12)                11  1  8  1  1   8 
(changing dateline) Sanaa closes door to reconciliation with southern leaders  DUBAI, July 31 (AFP)  Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh on Sunday closed the door to reconciliation with breakaway southern leaders, three days after a UN attempt to broker dialogue between the former warring sides.
Baid fled to Oman and Jiffri to Saudi Arabia after the two-month civil war in Yemen ended on July 7 when Saleh's northern forces captured the south's bastion of Aden.
Several thousand southern soldiers and hundreds of southern officials fled Yemen after the fall of Aden.
Brahimi also said that the two sides decided to "maintain contact" with him after Thursday's meeting in Geneva, in a bid to continue reconciliation attempts.
Mario Andretti, in his final superspeedway race, dropped out midway through the race with engine trouble after a pit stop in which his car pulled away before a hydraulic jack had disengaged.
England's Nigel Mansell pulled out early in the race with mechanical failure And Michael Andretti dropped out of the lead after scrubbing the right side of his car against the outer wall of the speedway.
"We are committed by signing the DOP to negotiate Jerusalem, but it will be done, in accordance with the DOP, not later than two years after the implementation of the Gaza-Jericho accord," Rabin said.
Rabin was speaking at a joint press conference with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak in Egypt's Red Sea resort of Taba, after an hour-long meeting between the two leaders.
His comments came after a row over Israel's peace declaration with Jordan in Washington, which said that Israel gave "high priority to the Jordanian historic role" in the Moslem shrines in Jerusalem.
The decision came after two days of fruitless talks here on ways to boost Japanese government purchases of foreign telecommunications and medical equipment, which ended Saturday.
But Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin said Israel needed to be convinced of Syria's commitment to peace, after an hour-long meeting with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak at the Red Sea resort of Taba.
Mubarak said he briefed Rabin on his visit to Damascus last Sunday to meet Syrian President Hafez al-Assad, two days after Christopher who toured the region for a week but reported no progress on the Israeli- Syrian track.
Independent cuts cover price in newspaper war  LONDON, July 31 (AFP)  Britain's Independent newspaper announced Sunday it will temporarily drop its cover price from 50 to 30 pence from Monday a few weeks after rival papers The Times and The Daily Telegraph both reduced theirs.
All of them suffered severe damage under Iraqi occupation from August 1990 to February 1991, but resumed operation a few months after Iraqi troops were driven out by a US-led coalition in the Gulf War.
Iraq has not officially recognised its border with Kuwait, as fixed by a UN commission after Iraqi troops were expelled by a US-led coalition in February 1991.
Martinez, who joined forces with Sanchez to help Spain retain the Federation Cup last weekend, came back after dropping an hour-long first set to score a 4-6, 6-3, 6-4 win.
Twenty cows roasted alive during French thunderstorms  PERIGEUX, France, July 31 (AFP)  Twenty cows were roasted alive Sunday after lightning struck the barn they were sheltering in, firemen in this southwestern town said.
The resolution "brings to a climax this council's effort to restore democracy to the Haitian people, from whom it was stolen 34 long months ago," Albright told the council after the vote.
The resolution "brings to a climax this council's effort to restore democracy to the Haitian people, from whom it was stolen 34 long months ago," Albright told the council after the vote.
Racist motive suspected after man killed near Cologne  COLOGNE, Germany, July 31 (AFP)  The body of a young man was found by a fisherman Sunday in the Cologne region, after a camper heard people shouting "Burn the Turks" during the night, police said.
A witness camping by a pond near the spot reported having noticed people on the other side of the water chanting "Burn the Turks" shortly after midnight.
Rabin urged Syria to make a "gesture" to convince Israel it wanted peace, after talks with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak Sunday on ways to break the Israeli-Syrian deadlock.
Officials in President Guillermo Endara's government last week suggested Israeli experts might come to assist local authorities in the investigation, but there has been no further word on whether Israel will send help as it did to Buenos Aires after the July 18 bombing of a Jewish charity building.
When her great rival Monica Seles disappeared from the scene after being stabbed on court, Graf's domination of the women's game was so great it was considered bad for the game.
Graf said she was so upset she watched no Wimbledon tennis after losing in the first-round to McNeil.
"I heard that Martina had reached the final and I was very happy for her," said Graf, adding: "But I had no real interest in what happened there after I lost."
"Now, after losing just two matches, they are writing me off and talking only of me retiring."
But it may face a US-led invasion after the UN Security Council Sunday gave approval for a multilateral force to move on Port-au-Prince if Haiti's military leadership refuses to allow the reinstatement of President Jean-Bertrand Aristide, who was ousted in a September 1991 coup.
Speaking after talks with Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic, Kozyrev also said Russia guaranteed that all sanctions imposed against Serbia for backing the Bosnian Serb separatists would be lifted as soon as their military forces pulled back to borders called for under the peace plan, which would partition the republic along ethnic lines.
Speaking after talks with Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic, Kozyrev also said Russia guaranteed that all sanctions imposed against Serbia for backing the Bosnian Serb separatists would be lifted as soon as their military forces pulled back to borders called for under the peace plan, which would partition the republic along ethnic lines.
Police said the two regularly changed their addresses for fear of an IRA attack and that one of the men had been questioned in 1992 after a bomb attack on a betting shop in a which five people were killed.
"This is the greatest thing," said Pride, tears in his eyes after both clutch putts.
Pride finished the day at four-under par 67, his third straight round at that score after an opening 66.
Thompson surrendered the final hole after missing a 15-foot birdie putt with Moodie in range to easily make par.
The British-Irish team pulled even after the early twosomes matches.
Speaking after closed-door talks with Milosevic, Kozyrev was quoted by Tanjug news agency as saying Russia guaranteed that all sanctions imposed against Serbia for backing Bosnian Serb separatists would be lifted once Bosnian Serb forces withdrew to the boundaries set down in the peace plan.
Kozyrev travelled to Belgrade after taking part in a meeting on Saturday of the five-nation "contact group" on Bosnia.
The dollar's renewed fall was triggered by a US move Sunday to prepare for trade sanctions against Japan after two days of talks in Washington failed to produce agreement on the Japanese government's procurement of foreign telecommunications and medical equipment.
The decision came after  two days of fruitless talks on ways to boost Japanese government purchases of  foreign telecommunications and medical equipment.
