"It is very important for (South Korea) to cement ties with Russia at this time when the North Korean nuclear issue remains unsolved," Kim said before departing with his wife, Sohn Myong-Soon, and senior officials on a special charter flight.
Libya's green flag was then symbolically lowered and replaced by the Chadian blue, yellow and red tricolour before a dramatic convoy of Toyota all-terrain vehicles took off, carrying Libyan soldiers and equipment.
But most analysts said it was only a matter of time before rapid growth led to inflationary pressures and the need to tighten official interest rates, currently at 4.75 percent.
Emphasising the need to maintain Hong Kong's position as a financial centre in Asia-Pacific after 1997, Zhu told a delegation from Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce that China hoped to settle key issues with Britain on economic matters in the territory before it is returned to Chinese sovereignty.
The three parties were to meet again before the end of the month after they had studied the proposal in greater depth, Els said.
It warned that the respondents' failure to appear before the bureau would be considered a waiver of their right to present evidence in their defense.
The conference seemed lost when, just before the opening of the meeting on Tuesday, the Supreme Court overruled the decision, but affirmed Manila's power to ban foreigners from participating in the conference.
He was released in late April and took refuge in the United States where he received medical treatment before coming here for a few days at the invitation of the journalists' group Reporters Without Borders.
To try to re-establish a bit of discipline, the PLA has launched a campaign urging soldiers to "Be red (communist) before being rich."
Kim will meet with US Assistant Secretary of State Robert Gallucci on Friday before holding separate "trilateral" talks there with US and Japanese officials, his office said.
                   Euro-vote-Britain                    500 words around 1100 GMT                    by Allen Nacheman     PARIS:         France defines its conditions for enlargement                    of the European Union, 10 days ahead of elections                    to the European Parliament and seven months                    before Paris takes its turn as Union president.
Moscow has indicated that before joining the Partnership for Peace it would wait for a response to its proposal for far-reaching cooperation with NATO until Europe creates its own security system.
The first stop will be the city of Kabarovsk, some 800 kilometres (496 miles) northwest of this far eastern port, where the family will stay for four days before continuing their journey with stops at various towns including Irkutsk, on the banks of Lake Baykal, and Novosibirsk, in western Siberia.
At Barclays de Zoete Wedd bank, analyst Chris Turner said that the Bundesbank's decision was in line with expectations and had a limited effect on the market which remained dominated by technical factors before publication of US unemployment figures on Friday.
Clinton is to arrive at the Vatican shortly before noon Thursday and will be greeted by Archbishop Dino Monduzzi, chief official in charge of the papal household.
Mitterrand made the invitation at a Franco-German summit meeting held Monday and Tuesday in Mulhouse, eastern France, less than a week before the 50th anniversary celebrations of the allied landings in German-occupied France.
"It is very important for (South Korea) to cement ties with Russia at this time when the North Korean nuclear issue remains unsolved," Kim said before departing from Seoul with his wife, Sohn Myong-Soon, and senior officials.
Kim will meet with US Assistant Secretary of State Robert Gallucci on Friday before holding trilateral talks with US and Japanese officials, his office said.
The storm erupted eight days before European Parliament elections in Britain and amid mounting fears that France and Germany would take control of the EU, isolating Britain and rendering it powerless to influence events.
The Forum Party, led by former chief justice Enoch Dumbutshena, has torn itself apart through internal power struggles in much the same way as other opposition parties before it.
Some commentators have heard an ominous ring in that call, suggesting that it might result in the sort of violence which has sometimes been seen before in the run-up to elections in Zimbabwe.
The parachutist struck Briska and dragged her 30 metres (yards) before crashing into three other schoolgirls.
Egypt has slammed Serbian aggression against Moslems in Bosnia and Foreign Minister Amr Mussa said before the conference that it was not the "sole legitimate heir" of Yugoslavia.
France defines ideas for "greater Europe" by Christophe de Roquefeuil  PARIS, June 1 (AFP)  French politicians are debating the conditions for enlargement of the European Union, 10 days ahead of elections to the European Parliament and seven months before Paris takes its turn as EU president.
At the stability conference, Prime Minister Edouard Balladur urged candidate states to settle the problems of minorities and frontiers inherited from the two world wars preventively, before applying for membership.
South Korean nuclear ambassador Kim Sam-Hoon is to meet with US Assistant Secretary of State Robert Gallucci on Friday in New York before holding separate "trilateral" talks with US and Japanese officials, his office said.
In Seoul, a US source who declined to be identified told AFP Wednesday that "the diplomatic situation is much more dangerous than ever before."
Charlton finalises Irish squad  DUBLIN, June 1 (AFP)  Republic of Ireland manager Jack Charlton confirmed his 22-man squad for the World Cup on Wednesday, two days before the deadline.
Berkeley said he had concluded the man who spearheaded the Australian yachting syndicate to an America's Cup triumph in 1983, needed more time to recover from his depression before presenting his case in court.
Yin was reported to have tried to reveal the scandal, naming military officers and arms dealers, before he was killed.
Wigan gave Sam Panapa and Bill McGinty a fitting farewell before they take up new contracts with rival English clubs next season.
ISA, Australia, June 1 (AFP)  Ireland let in nine tries here on Wednesday as they collapsed 57-9 to an Australian XV in an alarming defeat before Sunday's international against the Wallabies.
Such was Australia's domination that it took Ireland 26 minutes before they made the opposition's quarter.
A group of Japanese legislators visited Taiwan last March for talks on unpaid salaries for Taiwanese serving the Japanese military before and during World War II.
I've never been down like that before and managed to come back."
Yuran, who has opted to play international football for Russia, is training there with his World Cup team-mates before they fly out to the USA.
They said 87 people were seized on Tuesday as they tried to cross the border from Oman while 27 were captured the day before.
He said they had come by sea from Iran and landed at the Omani border village of Dibba al-Bayaa, around 350 kilometres (218 miles) northeast of Abu Dhabi, before they crossed into the UAE.
The expert, who asked not to be identified, said the lunar space station project appeared realistic at first glance but that important technological and cost questions would have to be addressed before a more certain assessment could be made.
He told AFP he was moved to several jails inside Israel before being recently transferred to the Khiyam prison in Israel's "security zone" in south Lebanon.
Mitterrand made the invitation at a Franco-German summit meeting held Monday and Tuesday in Mulhouse, eastern France, less than a week before the 50th anniversary celebrations of the allied landings in German-occupied France.
"I love travelling by train, and I'm delighted at the chance to take the trans-Siberian railway without being accompanied by the crowd of journalists who have hounded me since the beginning of my trip," the author said before the train pulled out.
The group's first stop will be Khabarovsk, some 800 kilometres (500 miles) northwest of this far-eastern port, where the family will stay for three or four days before continuing their journey with stops at major Russian cities including Irkutsk, on the banks of Lake Baikal, and Novosibirsk, in western Siberia.
Clinton, who will be accompanied by his wife, Hillary, made a brief D-Day speech near the White House before boarding the presidential aircraft to Italy.
He will also visit Britain before ending the trip in France for the June 6 anniversary celebrations.
"It is very important for (South Korea) to cement ties with Russia at this time when the North Korean nuclear issue remains unsolved," Kim said earlier before departing from Seoul with his wife and senior officials.
The news agency did not say how many Russian nationals took part in the Normandy landings on June 6, 1944 which rolled back the German occupation of France before the Allies pushed through into Germany and met up with Soviet forces on the Elba.
But Staunton, who can play full-back or in midfield, said: "Everything has worked out rather well for me and I'm delighted it has been sorted out before the World Cup finals."
                   Japan-US, lead, changing dateline                    500 words around 1630 GMT                    by Sue Kendall     WASHINGTON:    President Bill Clinton urges Americans to                    "pause and reflect" on Allied sacrifices                    that won World War II before leaving for                    Europe to participate in 50th anniversary                    celebrations of D-Day.
(new series) (picture) Clinton heads to European D-Day events by Veronica Smith  WASHINGTON, June 1 (AFP)  President Bill Clinton Wednesday urged Americans to give thanks for Allied sacrifices that won World War II before leaving for Europe to participate in D-Day 50th anniversary celebrations.
Hamdan Al-Maktoum's colt had tucked in on the inside of the field for most of the race, before making his move over the last two furlongs after 2,000 Guineas winner Mister Bailey's, who had led from the start, betrayed his lack of staying power over one and a half miles.
Kabgayi lies close to Gitarama, where a self-proclaimed interim government has sought refuge, 45 kilometres (25 miles) to the south of Kigali, but the UN team was not allowed into government offices there to verify reports that some ministers have fled before a rebel advance.
This is compared with more than three billion dollars in Saudi Arabia and 10 billion dollars in Kuwait before the Iraqi invasion.
Cuba reiterates the guarantees given Belgium that no reprisals will be taken and Cuba took pride in not having done so before in previous cases," a Cuban official said.
In a statement, Modise said the 4,000-member National Peacekeeping Force -- made up of members of the regular army, the military wing of the African National Congress (ANC) and armies from former black homelands -- will be returned to their home units before intergration into the new South African National Defence Force.
Some 1,000 NPKF soldiers were deployed in strife-torn townships east of here shortly before the April 26-29 election.
"The UN would take at least eight months to decide, by which time it would be winter and many refugees would have to wait another year before they could return", he said.
However, a senior Georgian official close to the Georgian-Abkhaz talks had misgivings: "This agreement is dangerous - we trusted the Russians before and we lost Abkhazia."
A final round of consultations was scheduled to begin at 11:30 a.m. (1530 GMT) before the Security Council was to meet in official session to vote, a UN spokesman said.
Yuran, who has opted to play international football for Russia, is training there with his World Cup teammates before they fly out to the USA.
This would give these countries more time to raise their post- communist economies to western European standards, before being exposed to the full force of western competition or exhausting the EU's already-strained budget.
Dissatisfied with the inauguration of the parliamentary negotiating group by other ruling parties just before Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata formed his cabinet, the SDP left the ruling coalition.
In a statement, Modise said the 4,000-member National Peacekeeping Force (NPKF) -- made up of members of the regular army, the military wing of the African National Congress (ANC) and armies from former black homelands -- will be returned to their home units before integration into the new South African National Defence Force.
"It is very important for (South Korea) to cement ties with Russia at this time when the North Korean nuclear issue remains unsolved," Kim said before departing from Seoul.
I've never been down like that before and managed to come back."
The market was disorientated but calm the day before a holiday here in Germany, dealers said.
Both sides have said they want to make progress before the Group of Seven summit in Naples in July, and the Washington meeting Thursday and Friday on the auto sector will be swiftly followed up.
With the final furlong looming, grandfather Carson charged past long- time leader Mister Bailey's before leaving King's Theatre and Colonel Collins trailing.
reopens (BIBIONE) The x-rays showed no broken bones, but although Pagnin has only cuts and bruises, doctors will wait until Thursday morning before deciding whether Leoni's head injuries are minor enough to allow him to continue.
Hal Joffe of the Canadian Jewish Congress said: "Nobody told Sikhs to take off their turbans before they disembarked for Normandy.
In Sarajevo, an advisor to Izetbegovic, Kemal Muftic, confirmed the Moslem position was that there were still "conditions to fulfil," before their delegation could leave for Geneva.
Muftic also said Izetbegovic told the Russian mediator he did not oppose the presence of Serb civilians within the exclusion zone, provided they had actually lived there before the conflict.
Bosnian artillery shelled Duboj, a mainly Moslem town before the war, during the afternoon, the Bosnian-Serb news agency SRNA said.
More than 4,000 blacks were lynched in the United States just in the 25 years before the World War II, according to historian Herbert Shapiro in his book "White Violence, Black Response."
The stabbing, days weeks before the Lillehammer Olympics, cast a second shadow over the US figure skating team, which was already dealing with the fallout from the attack on Nancy Kerrigan by associates of Tonya Harding.
Cariseo said the Taiwan CAA would complete its investigation into the April crash before deciding whether to accept the offer of US help, and that the investigation report might reassure the US side.
Speaking just before going into a private meeting with Chiluba at State House, Muluzi said Zambia's peaceful democratic transition just over two years ago greatly inspired his United Democratic Front (UDF) to press for political change.
we have all made mistakes before."
Food and emergency jobs programs will continue as before," said State Department spokeswoman Christine Shelly.
People had been depositing much more money in the bank than before the war, Mohammad said, "because they feel it is safer there than at home."
But UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali, who played a significant role in the diplomatic jockeying, said publicly just before meeting the Yemenis that the tide was turning in favor of a resolution.
Larsson, who saved six match points in the third set before German teenager Hendrik Dreekmann collapsed in their quarter-final, beat Berasategui in their most recent clash, at Hamburg this year.
Clinton's father, William Blythe, died in a car crash in the United States before he was born.
Clinton leaves Rome Saturday for Britain before heading for the main D-Day ceremonies in Normandy on Monday, and then on to Paris.
UN says Serbs must withdraw first if talks to go ahead by Milan Dragovic  ZAGREB, June 2 (AFP)  Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic late Wednesday pledged to withdraw his forces from an exclusion zone around Gorazde, but the United Nations said the promise had to be implemented before peace talks in Geveva could go ahead as planned.
Bosnian artillery shelled Duboj, a mainly Moslem town before the war, during the afternoon, the Bosnian Serb news agency SRNA said.
After graduating in 1915 from West Point in the same year as Eisenhower, Bradley had to wait until World War II before being singled out for rapid promotion.
Two months later he became commander of the 12th Army Group, liberating Britanny before heading east into Germany and striking through to the Elba to join up with the Soviets.
After being promoted to field-marshal in 1942 by Hitler, Rommel faced defeat in north Africa at the hands of the Allies before returning to Europe where he was put in charge of German forces in northern Italy.
the move will be seen as a welcome sign that some poiticians are capable of putting larger considerations before personal ambition."
Kim made the remark before he left for Washington on a rush visit for urgent talks with US and Japanese officials.
A Lebanese army spokesman said Israeli aircraft entered Lebanese air space about an hour before the raid.
Kim told reporters before leaving for Washington on a rush visit for urgent talks with US and Japanese officials, that because there had already been enough efforts to talk North Korea out of the nuclear standoff, China would find it difficult to use its veto to block a sanctions resolution in the UN Security Council.
North Korea has been given enough warnings and "it has now become inevitable to take measures related to the imposition of sanctions," he said before leaving for Washington for talks with US and Japanese officials.
Analysts said the seasonally adjusted 3.7 percent monthly fall in retail sales to 8.453 billion Australian dollars (6.2 billion US) in April was only to be expected after a similar rise was recorded the month before.
The Clinton visit was organized before elections here in April that buried corruption-tainted traditional parties and yielded a rightwing coalition led by Berlusconi.
Trading in the shares had been suspended on Wednesday before a court in Brussels decided that the president of the company, Didier Pineau- Valencienne, should remain in custody in prison there on charges of fraud and false accounting while enquiries were continued.
Keating's view on removal of Union Jack sparks uproar  CANBERRA, June 2 (AFP)  Prime Minister Paul Keating sparked an uproar in parliament here Thursday, hours before his departure for D-Day ceremonies in Europe, by reiterating that Britain's Union Jack should be removed from Australia's national flag.
"The limited cooperation with Kopassus in 1993 focussed on low-level military war-fighting skills, with only basic familiarisation training being conducted," said the report laid before parliament.
Hau was former chief of the general staff before becoming premier.
His message, apparently written before the expulsions, was met with guffaws when he thanked Ramos "for not giving in to Indonesian pressure."
Kiwis win key toss  NOTTINGHAM, England, June 2 (AFP)  New Zealand captain Ken Rutherford won what could turn out to be a crucial toss before the start of the first Test against England on Thursday.
Stefan Edberg, Petr Korda, Michael Chang, Michael Stich, Carlos Costa and Todd Martin all fell by the wayside before the quarter-finals.
Suffering, John Paul said, was the only argument he could brandish before "the powerful people of the world" to defend his pro-family campaign.
The Clinton visit was organized before elections here in April that buried corruption-tainted traditional parties and yielded a rightwing coalition led by Berlusconi.
"The impact of the several millennia of oppression and devastation imposed by the feudal patriachal system on Chinese women was exceptionally grave," it said, highlighting their lack of individual rights and exclusion from all economic and political life before 1949.
Wang was given medical treatment in the United States before coming here at the invitation of the journalists' group Reporters Sans Frontieres.
"Those African countries which have demonstrated seriousness about their political and economic reform efforts deserve support and cooperation more than ever before," he said.
Mark slips in calm trading before US unemployment figures  LONDON, June 2 (AFP)  The mark slipped against the main European currencies on Thursday morning in calm trading before the publication on Friday of monthly US unemployment figures.
In the last few days economists have forecast that British interest rates would rise before the end of the year and this was supporting the currency.
In Paris, the dollar and the mark were being traded in a narrow margin before Friday's US statistics.
He demanded that the "rebels" surrender before negotiations were held.
In the two years before last month's vote, several western nations exercised economic pressure to back the movement within Malawi for multi-party democracy.
The government had demanded that the Serbs withdraw all armed men from around the eastern Moslem enclave of Gorazde before the talks went ahead.
Trading in the shares had been suspended on Wednesday before a court in Brussels decided that the president of the company, Didier Pineau- Valencienne, should remain in custody in prison there on charges of fraud and false accounting while enquiries were continued.
The government had demanded that the Serbs withdraw all armed men from around the eastern Moslem enclave of Gorazde before the talks went ahead.
He stressed that "we are not into a short-term bail out of the industry, but into ensuring the industry's continued viability," adding that it takes at least six years before a mine can successfully start production.
Shortly before that, UNPROFOR chief-of-staff in Bosnia General Adrian Van Baal called his Serb counterpart, General Manojlo Milovanovic, "discussing with him the possibility of close air support," Annink said.
Bonfiglio, the lightest player in the Italian team, topscored with 22 points, including a sensational 17 points in the first half before she was rested.
Democratic Yemen only wants to regain its membership," Haidar al-Attas, an aide to southern leadr Ali Salim al-Baidh, told the UAE magazine al-Shuruq on Thursday, in reference to south Yemen before it united with the North in May 1990.
Coach Anghel Iordanescu and his squad will leave here Friday for a brief stopover in New York before travelling on to Los Angeles.
The US currency rose to 104.75 yen, up from 104.65 in London and 104.50 here the night before.
Dow opens up 5.23 points  NEW YORK, June 2 (AFP)  Blue-chip stocks edged up early Thursday following gains on European markets and a decline in bond interest rates begun the day before.
Both sides have said they want to make progress before the Group of Seven summit in Naples in July.
ABN Amro bank to open office in Vietnam  AMSTERDAM, Netherlands, June 2 (AFP)  The leading Dutch commercial bank, ABN Amro, announced Thursday that it would open a second representation office in Vietnam before the end of this year.
Defence Minister Joe Modise on Wednesday said the 4,000-member National Peace-Keeping Force (NPKF) -- made up of members of the regular army, the ANC's armed wing and armies from the former black homelands  -- will return to their home units before integration into the new South African National Defence Force (SANDF).
Peres would stop over in the Moroccan capital en route from a tour of the Americas to discuss the opening of an Israeli interests section, "the first stage before the establishment of diplomatic relations," the radio said.
A week before Mhango's death, a convention of the then ruling Malawi Congress Party had reportedly resolved to kill Mhango.
The 29 villages in the region of Banja Luka had a total population before the war of 1.3 million, of whom 356,000 were Moslem and 180,000 were Croats.
There are only two mosques still operational of the 200 or so mosques in the area before the war while 206 of the 220 imams of the region have left, the UNHCR reports.
Alex said he saw little likelihood of mounting the massive air and road relief operation needed to avert mass starvation in Rwanda, a landlocked, densely populated central African nation where famine was already taking hold in the south before the massacres.
All-rounder Craig White picked up the prize wicket of Martin Crowe in the last over before lunch with only his 13th ball in Test cricket.
Lawmakers voted 130 to 40 to hold the election as scheduled on June 26 and mandated parliamentary commissions to draw up legislation that would prevent any attempt by Kravchuk to tighten his hold on power before then.
In response to concerns over the division of powers, the parliament mandated commissions to present before June 12 draft legislation defining the powers of the presidency, of parliament and of local administrations.
He spoke of a "striking normalization" of the financial market, and predicted that interbank interest rates would "very quickly" return to the levels noted before the crisis.
UN talks off, contact group discussions on  GENEVA, June 2 (AFP)  The United Nations postponed peace negotiations on Bosnia before they had even started here Thursday, saying they could not start as long as Serb forces remained in the eastern Bosnian enclave of Gorazde.
But Berti Vogts men took the match by the scruff of the neck in the second half, with Andreas Moller scoring twice and Jurgen Klinsmann once before Toni Polster pulled one back for the home side.
Graf, bidding for her fifth consecutive major title, was rocked back on her heels by the sheer power of her opponent's groundstrokes, and the German champion, who will be 25 in two week's time, had to wait for over half-an-hour and seven games before she held her first service game.
During the day Thursday the United Nations postponed peace talks before they had even started here, saying they could not start as long as Serb forces remained in Gorazde.
Russian military-industrial complex ups pressures, budget deal shaken by Marielle Eudes  MOSCOW, June 2 (AFP)  Pressure from the Russian military-industrial complex is on the rise a few days before the second reading of the draft 1994 budget, threatening to endanger the fragile compromise on an "austerity" budget to which prime minister Viktor Chernomyrdin got deputies to agree three weeks ago.
On Wednesday, the pound gained almost a pfennig as the market seemed to expect a rise in British interest rates before the end of the year.
He did not elaborate, but before the meeting Hartzenberg said he wanted a proposed December 5, 1993, amnesty cut-off date extended so that it would include 34 rightwingers accused of involvement in a bombing spree that coincided with South Africa's historic April 26-29 all-race election.
"Their (President Nelson Mandela's African National Congress) own people who used bombs also got amnesty," Hartzenberg said shortly before the meeting.
Talks between Tallinn and Moscow on the pullout of former Soviet troops are to be wound up before August 31 if they are to meet a Russian pledge to withdraw by that date.
Graf, bidding for her fifth consecutive major title, was rocked back on her heels by the sheer power of her opponent's shots and she had to wait for over half-an-hour and seven games before she held her first service game.
All-rounder Craig White picked up the prize wicket of Martin Crowe in the last over before lunch with only his 13th ball in Test cricket.
The left-handed Stephen Fleming did his best to lead New Zealand to some sort of recovery, reaching 54 before being caught by White to give DeFreitas his fourth wicket.
Boxx said the sail boat diverted four times before a crew of the USS Cylone, a coastal patrol boat, finally took it and its Haitian crew into the US Naval Base at Guantanamo Bay.
The 25-year-old paceman accounted for Nigel Felton and Allan Lamb in the morning session before returning to clear up the tail.
Acting captain Graham Thorpe led the way with 65 as the leaders reached 250 for five before a downpour washed out play for the rest of the day.
According to CIA papers given to the family, Olson and four other scientists unknowingly had drinks laced with the mind altering drug only nine days before Olson's death.
Akashi's spokesman, Michael Williams, later added that about 100 policemen had left the exclusion zone before nightfall.
"I could see what defenders were going to do before they did it."
The Pacers, who had never won an NBA playoff series before this year, can eliminate the Knicks with a triumph here Friday.
Some diplomats here were surprised that Washington had apparently not won an assurance from China that it would not block sanctions before President Bill Clinton announced last week that he was renewing China's most favored nation trading status.
According to CIA papers given to the family, Olson and four other scientists unknowingly had drinks laced with the mind altering drug only nine days before Olson's death.
Clinton's father, William Blythe, died in a car crash in the United States before Clinton was born.
More than 50,000 allied soldiers died in the battle and it was not until June 4, 1944, two days before the Normandy landings, that the allies managed to take Rome.
Clinton heads to Britain Saturday before moving on to France for the main D-Day commemorative ceremonies.
Earlier Saturday, an afternoon garden party at nearby Southwick House, the allied high command headquarters in the weeks before the invasion, will bring together more than 1,000 veterans of the campaign.
Conservative strategists may find some consolation in the fact the poll was carried out between May 25 and May 30 before Major launched his series of attacks on European Union integration.
The Gallup poll carried out before the withdrawal Wednesday of shadow chancellor Gordon Brown, one of Blair's main rivals in the contest, found that Blair had nearly double the support of his nearest rival.
Appearing before the French press Wednesday, Gingras claimed he held mining stocks worth two billion dollars, but his assets seem to be significantly less said Radio-Canada.
Appearing before the French press Wednesday, Gingras claimed he held mining stocks worth two billion dollars, but his assets seem to be significantly less said Radio-Canada.
The last two Katyusha rockets fell before dawn, one at 3.20 a.m. (0020 GMT) and the other two hours earlier following seven salvoes on Thursday.
The Israeli air strike before dawn Thursday targeted Hezbollah's Ain Dardara training base near the Syrian-controlled town of Baalbeck in eastern Lebanon.
Akashi's spokesman, Michael Williams, later added that about 100 policemen had left the exclusion zone before nightfall.
US and British troops landed on the beaches of Nettuno and the neighboring town of Anzio on the night of January 22, 1944 before heading into Rome on June 4.
"We had not been naming them directly before for the sake of the (Kashmiri separatist) movement," Malik told reporters after the attack broke up the march by about 1,000 JKLF supporters.
The ailing Malik, a traditional Kashmiri shawl draped across his shoulders, sat atop the roof of a white Maruti car as the procession wound its way through the heavily-guarded streets of this Kashmir summer capital before breaking up.
The company said that the ferries, the "Pride of Winchester" and the "Pride of Portsmouth" had resumed their normal timetable of sailing shortly before 07:00 a.m. (0500 GMT).
The hunger strike's starting time marks the moment of the birth of Jiang Jielan, who celebrated his 17th birthday one day before being killed.
Africa's sole representatives after the withdrawal of the continent's number one nation Senegal for financial reasons, Kenya have been the whipping team in Pool B, being crushed 109-34 by Canada on Thursday before going down 108-44 to France.
Ireland won first against minor state side Western Australia, before stringing together losses against NSW (55-18), ACT (22-9), Queensland (29-26) and Australian XV (57-9).
"They've tried it on us once before in the World Cup when Willie Ofahengaue was belted in the first line-out of the game and then they obviously tried it at Munster where it worked," Kearns said.
"I've been dragged into this sort of debate before but it's possible and if it happens we'll treat it as we see it on the field."
The two-year bonds, carrying a 13 percent interest rate -- 1.2 percentage points higher than local bank deposits -- sold out May 25, five days before the cut-off date, while 67 percent of the three-year bonds, carrying a rate of 13.96 percent, have been sold so far.
He added that "nothing is impossible" when it came to a revised forecast before the next budget.
The seasonally adjusted current account deficit rose 18 percent to 1.632 billion dollars in April from a revised 1.381 billion dollars the month before, the bureau reported on Wednesday.
Peres was to discuss the opening of an Israeli interests section, "the first stage before the establishment of diplomatic relations," it said.
Local reports said President Mandela was expected to attend the closing session of the meeting of the GCA, which brings African nations together with western donor countries, before attending the Frontline talks.
At a preliminary hearing in April before Magistrate Wayne Tarr, the court heard the four charges stemmed from one alleged incident.
Lock migrated to Western Australia in 1962 and for the rest of that decade had great success with the State side, leading them to their first Sheffield Shield title in 1968 before retiring in 1971.
Nettuno and Anzio just up the coast were the scene of a major US- British amphibious assault four-and-a-half months before the D-Day landing in Normandy, France.
Their civilization ended suddenly and mysteriously before Spanish conquerors reached their shores in the early 16th century.
The last two Katyushas fell harmlessly before dawn and a tense peace held into the afternoon.
The air raid before dawn Thursday targeted Hezbollah's Ain Dardara training base near the Syrian-controlled town of Baalbeck in eastern Lebanon.
Another seven Chinese military delegations are scehduled to visit Russia before the end of the year in the framework of cooperation agreements between military forces of the two nations, ITAR-TASS reported.
The government in Sanaa is also waiting for a UN fact-finding mission to visit the country before entering formal negotiations to end the month-long civil war, Lawzi told reporters.
Lawzi said Sanaa did not need to hold negotiations with Baid's Yemen Socialist Party (YSP) before implementing a ceasefire.
Nettuno and Anzio just up the coast were the scene of a major US- British amphibious assault four-and-a-half months before the D-Day landing in Normandy on June 6, 1944.
Dollar is firm before US unemployment statistics  LONDON, June 3 (AFP)  The dollar was firm against the main European currencies and was traded within narrow margins before publication of US unemployment statistics later in the day, dealers said on Friday.
Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic has been "explicit" about Gorazde and "is awaiting the announcement of a clear, total and supervised retreat" before the Bosnian authorities will take part in the truce talks, said his spokesman Kemal Muftic Friday.
Nettuno and Anzio just up the coast were the scene of a major US- British amphibious assault four-and-a-half months before the D-Day landing in Normandy on June 6, 1944.
Shares lower in London ahead of US job figures  LONDON, June 3 (AFP)  Share prices were lower in cautious early trading on Friday in thin trdaing before publication later in the day of US non-farm payroll data which was thought likely to affect bond markets.
He was injured in training shortly before he was due to face American Randall Yonker in Las Vegas on March 4, and withdrew from the fight.
The day before the anniversary, on June 5, US paratroopers and a group of veterans will re-enact landings over the Amfreville marshes.
Another three months passed before Paris was liberated on August 25.
Yeltsin involved in Naples G7 "more than ever before": Clinton  PARIS, June 5 (AFP)  Russian President Boris Yeltsin will be involved in next month's Group of Seven summit more than ever before, notably taking part for the first time in political discussions, US President Bill Clinton said Sunday.
"We are going to involve Russia more in the G7 meeting in Italy this summer than ever before," Clinton said.
"Responding to the changes in international relations represents the most formidable challenge before the Movement in the years to come."
Fujimori said before leaving that the time was ripe for investments in Peru "now that terrorism has been almost eliminated and Peruvian laws protect foreign investors."
The dollar was trading at 1215 GMT at 1.6633 German marks against 1.6605 before the announcement and 1.6539 at the New York close on Thursday.
At 1245 GMT, the CAC 40 stock price index was ahead only 0.58 percent at 2,018.96 points against a 1.3 percent rise just before the announcement.
On the Matif (financial futures market), the June contract was up 0.46 percent to 116.34, against a gain of one percent just before the job report.
reopens (PARIS) Bruguera, who before last year's triumph had never got further than the fourth-round of a major event and who has won all eleven of his career titles on clay, waited patiently and pounced at the first sign of an opening in the fourth game of the third set -- sending Courier the wrong way twice as he rifled home inch-perfect passing shots for a 3-1 lead.
Journalists were searched thoroughly before being allowed into the conference room.
Salolainen also suggested that an extraordinary party conference should be convened as soon as possible to elect a new leader for the party before next year's general elections.
Clinton to address French parliament, rare honour for foreigner  PARIS, June 3 (AFP)  US President Bill Clinton is to address the French National Assembly on Tuesday, only the third foreign head of state to stand before the lower house in Paris.
Last changes for Cameroon  YAOUNDE, June 3 (AFP)  Cameroon completed their squad for the World Cup on Friday after a final re-shuffle before the FIFA deadline: Goalkeepers: Joseph-Antoine Bell, Thomas N'Kono, Jacques Songo'o Defenders: Hans Agbo, Ndiba Ekeme, Marc-Vivien Foe, Rene Kalla, Andre Kana Biyik, Bahanag Song, Stephen Tataw, Georges Ndip-Atem Midfielders: Jean-pierre Fiala, Thomas Libbih, Paul Loga, Emmanuel Maboang, Emile M'Bouh Forwards: David Embe, Roger Milla, Georges Mouyeme, Francois Omam Biyik, Alphonse Tchami, Louis-Paul Mfende 
An update report of the special task force appointed by Uganda to look into the crisis looming around the lake said 824 bodies were recovered at the mouth of River Kagera since the authorities deployed fishermen there with nets to trap incoming corpses at a narrow bend before it flowed into the lake.
Shortly after trading opened, the dollar broke through resistance at 1.6610 marks and shot up to 1.6660 German marks before entering a consolidation phase in which it lost some ground, said Christophe Koenitzer, a trader at Credit Suisse.
Cubans, North Koreans and east European nationals were among those who worked at Aden hospitals before the war.
Rhineland-Palatinate environment minister Klaudia Martini said that to the regional authorities' knowledge, 151 British cattle had been imported by the state before a British restriction on their export from 1990.
Technically, all Commonwealth teams had to confirm their participation by February 18 (six months before Queen Elizabeth formally opens the games).
Meles has sought to break with his predecessors Mengistu and before him Haile Selassie, who took hardline stances on the question of self- determination for the various ethnic factions which make up the country.
Nettuno and Anzio just up the coast were the scene of a major US- British amphibious assault four-and-a-half months before the D-Day landing in Normandy on June 6, 1944.
He is due to visit Britain over the weekend before heading for the main ceremonies Monday in Normandy.
Clinton also added a personal note, about his father, William Blythe, who served near Naples as an army mechanic during the war but died in the United States before Clinton was born.
An Arab NAM delegate said before the vote that NAM should recognize Iraq's progress to prove that the organization "has its own policies independent of the United Nations."
"He was smacking winners everywhere," shrugged the dispirited Swede who had saved six match points in his previous marathon match before beating Hendrik Dreekmann of Germany in the quarter-finals.
Bruguera, who before last year's triumph had never got further than the fourth-round of a major event and who has ten of his eleven career titles on clay, waited patiently and pounced at the first sign of an opening in the fourth game of the third set -- sending Courier the wrong way twice as he rifled home inch-perfect passing shots for a 3-1 lead.
"He was smacking winners everywhere," shrugged the dispirited Swede who had saved six match points in his previous marathon match before beating Hendrik Dreekmann of Germany in the quarter-finals.
Bruguera, who before last year's triumph had never got further than the fourth-round of a major event and who has ten of his eleven career titles on clay, waited patiently and pounced at the first sign of an opening in the fourth game of the third set -- sending Courier the wrong way twice as he rifled home inch-perfect passing shots for a 3-1 lead.
London prices began the week at a high level, lifting above 387.5 dollars per ounce on Tuesday, rising on the back of the New York market, before falling to around 383 dollars as investment funds withdrew.
Elsewhere, dealers said that before buying more copper, investors would look for stronger signals that consumption in the lagging regions of western Europe and Japan had turned the corner.
GNI trade house, quoting a US official, said that India could import 1.2 million tonnes before November to satisfy internal demand.
"And we have never faced this type of situation before -- usually the Tests come at the end of a tour, but on Saturday we will play without having had much preparation."
Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic has been "explicit" about Gorazde and "is awaiting the announcement of a clear, total and supervised retreat" before his authorities will take part in the truce talks, his spokesman said earlier.
FDP grande dame and recent presidential candidate Hildegard Hamm- Bruecher, who is associated with a dissenting leftwing of the party, warned delegates against putting opportunism before principle, however.
Hamm-Bruecher, 73, said that "principles cannot be sacrificed upon the altar of opportunity or coalition-logic" and "not at all before the chancellor's throne".
The congress, which also reaffirmed its traditional support of liberal free enterprise and called for a reduction in taxes, still has to fine-tune its electoral programme before the gathering closes Sunday.
reopens (LENZ) Overall leader Berzin was also celebrating his 24th birthday on Friday before the weekend's two mountain stages.
"Even that is questionable given the tasks that have to be completed before one can call for local government elections," he said.
It is probably going to prefer to wait for calmer conditions before resuming interest rate rises, he said.
"Responding to the changes in international relations represents the most formidable challenge before the Movement in the years to come," the final declaration said.
The children also face the same tumour risk if the father ate hot dogs before conception, according to the researchers.
The 30-share DAX index ended the week at 2,148.39 points, up 0.34 percent by comparison with the finish the week before - which had witnessed a plunge of 4.83 percent.
CL attorney Jean Veil has served a writ on Tapie calling him to appear before the Paris Commercial Court in connection with the claim on June 13.
The house of representatives, which had about 580 members before it was dissolved, along with other democratic institutions, on the advent of Abacha to power last November, urged "all other elected democratic structures purpotedly dissolved (by the regime) to re-assert their mandate in the interest of the nation".
But one detective said that investigating magistrate Jean-Claude Van Espen was still waiting for the results of investigations he had ordered in France and Switzerland, before deciding whether to extend the custody.
He said that once all the results were in, Van Espen would want to consider the evidence and then possibly question Pineau-Valencienne himself before making a decision on whether to keep him in custody.
Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic has been "explicit" about Gorazde and "is awaiting the announcement of a clear, total and supervised retreat" before his authorities will take part in the truce talks, his spokesman said earlier.
He said he had been in contact with other interested investors and it was only a question of time before the magazine appeared.
The 25-year-old, whose first century in the amazing sequence came in his world-beating 375 for the West Indies against England, reached the latest mark five minutes before the close of play at Edgbaston.
A huge first innings total of 557 put Worcestershire in a commanding position against the champions, who could only reach 173 for two before the day's fourth weather interruption forced an early finish.
On a day constantly interrupted by rain, their last five batsmen added 179 runs for a score of 429 all out, before Joey Benjamin took two Glamorgan wickets with only eight runs on the board.
Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic has been "explicit" about Gorazde and "is awaiting the announcement of a clear, total and supervised retreat" before his authorities will take part in the truce talks, his spokesman said earlier.
Racial charges, empty rooms, few fans haunt preparations  WASHINGTON, June 3 (AFP)  World Cup fever remains slow in spreading across the United States just two weeks before the opening of the 24-team global football championship tournament.
The US team submitted its final roster three hours before Friday's deadline, the last of the 24 teams to complete plans.
He was with Kaiserslautern before joining the US team full time last year, but is expected to be sent to FC Schalke 04.
More D-day activities await him Sunday in Portsmouth, south-east England before he arrives in Normandy Monday for the real meat of his commemorative tour -- a ceremony to be attended by 19 heads of state or government.
The two attackers were beaten by the crowd before being handed over to the police.
Two weeks before the opening kickoff to the 24-team global football finals, there are 150,000 tickets available from a total of 3.6 million, event spokesman Jim Trecker said Friday.
"I didn't know much about ovals before I saw this place.
Unser also won at Long Beach and Fittipaldi took the Phoenix oval race the wek before that.
He won here in 1991 and 1992 before leaving Indy-car for a horrid season last year in Formula One.
Hutu militiamen armed by President Juvenal Habyarimana in the year before his death in a suspected rocket attack on his plane April 6 have been blamed for much of the carnage in Rwanda, where Tutsis made up 15 percent of the pre-war population.
Both sides have said they want to make progress in the framework talks before the Group of Seven summit in Naples in July.
Jordan dipped to a season-low .198 at the plate before a 1-for-4 performance here in front of National Basketball Asociation pal Charles Barkley.
Since a ceasefire took effect before the federation agreement, the trenches have become part of a buffer zone where peacekeepers from the British UN battalion make daily patrols on foot.
A late-May deadline set by congressional leaders for committee action on a health plan has passed, making it more difficult to get final approval before the November mid-term congressional elections.
In Taiwan up to 80 percent of the TV watching population tuned in to the Judge each night before the series ended in February.
Both channels will show the last episode on Sunday -- but TVB will be three and half hours before ATV.
They matched that margin six times before settling for an 80-69 lead entering the fourth quarter.
They matched that margin six times before settling for an 80-69 lead entering the fourth quarter.
Han was told by Kim to cut short his tour and rush to the United States before Kim left for Uzbekistan, the aide told journalists.
More D-Day activities await him Sunday in Portsmouth, southeast England, before he arrives in Normandy, France, Monday for the real meat of his commemorative tour -- a ceremony to be attended by 19 heads of state or government.
The observers, reached by telephone from Sarajevo, said just before 9:00 a.m. (0700 GMT) that the Serbs appeared to be soldiers who had doffed their uniforms, adding that those men had asked the UN Protection Force to send more peacekeepers to the area to protect Serb civilians.
Bosnia's Moslem-led government has insisted on a total Serb withdrawal from Gorazde before they will participate in the military discussions.
The observers, reached by telephone from Sarajevo, said just before 9:00 a.m. (0700 GMT) that the Serbs appeared to be soldiers who had doffed their uniforms, adding that those men had asked the UN Protection Force to send more peacekeepers to the area to protect Serb civilians.
He was to attend a ceremony at the UN military cemetery at Madingly, near Cambridge, before going on to talks with Major at Chequers, the premier's country residence west of London.
The connection on the device is supposed to fall away from the rocket five seconds before lift-off.
He will later meet acting Labour leader Margaret Beckett at Hartwell House, near Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, before attending a State dinner in Portsmouth, southern England, with his wife Hilary, as guests of the Queen.
On Sunday, the Clintons will meet US D-Day veterans and then watch an international flotilla before going to Normandy.
Blow for Ariane as new launch aborted  KOUROU, French Guiana, June 4 (AFP)  The European Arianespace consortium suffered a setback Saturday when technicians had to abort the launch of its 64th Ariane rocket after an external fuel line failed to break away before liftoff.
The connection on the pipe meant to feed liquid hydrogen into the third stage is supposed to fall away from the rocket five seconds before lift-off.
Standard Chartered left Vietnam in 1975 before returning to open a representative office in Ho Chi Minh City in 1990.
In the two months before D-Day, the allied forces lost more than 2,000 planes and 12,000 men.
He will then meet acting Labour leader Margaret Beckett at Hartwell House, near Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, before attending a state dinner in Portsmouth, southern England, with his wife Hilary, as guests of the Queen.
But the managing director of the factory, which makes plastic toys, allowed his employees to sleep there before the work was finished," he said.
Frank Voterro, 68, of Detroit, Michigan, was there, in the very first wave of the invasion, on a destroyer that began pounding Utah beach about 90 minutes before the amphibious landing at 6:40 a.m. The youngest of the veterans -- mostly American, British and Canadian -- were in their teens at the time and are puching 70 today.
Atherton, England's other century making hero on Friday, did not add to his overnight 101 before nicking the fourth morning delivery from Gavin Larsen to the keeper.
Several dozen armed Serbs in civilian dress were still in place Saturday morning and said they were waiting until they saw UN troops before they withdrew.
"Yemen's affairs, which are strictly local, should not have been brought before the Security Council," he said.
But in an open letter issued before her departure, addressed to Kenyan foreign affairs permanent secretary Sally Kosgey, a copy of which was sent to AFP, Brentano protested her expulsion, saying the decision might have been reached as a result of "misinformation, innuendos and fabrications aimed at besmirching the good name of my foundation and my work."
If the women's final didn't go ahead as scheduled on Saturday it would be played before the men's final on Sunday when defending champion Sergi Bruguera takes on fellow-Spaniard Alberto Berasategui.
The tournament, founded in 1897, was also won in the 'pre-Open era' (before 1968) by the legendary Suzanne Lenglen (1920, 1921, 1922, 1923, 1925 and 1926) and Simone Mathieu (1938, 1939).
"Five years after the June 4 massacre, three years before 1997, the people of Hong Kong still very much support democracy in China," said labor activist Lee Cheuk-yan, one of the organizers.
Leaders of the alliance laid a wreath before the replicas to remember the hundreds, if not thousands, who died five years earlier in Beijing, then led the orderly crowd in songs and three minutes of silence.
Later Saturday, Clinton will meet acting Labour leader Margaret Beckett at Hartwell House, near Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, before attending a state dinner in Portsmouth, southern England, with his wife Hillary, as guests of the Queen.
The Bosnian government has serious misgivings about the idea of a ceasefire before any progress is made on the political front, fearing that a prolonged ceasefire would advantage the Serbs.
The contact group had prepared a number of maps concerning all points of contention and a number of possible options, diplomats said before the meeting.
Swaddled in traditional African Kanga printed cloths, they hardly spoke as they waited in the airport terminal before being borne to the plane on green army stretchers.
Faldo, who clipped another inch from the shaft of his putter before the third round, had four birdies in getting back in 33.
Soldiers boarded the bus and checked identity papers before arresting eight passengers and questioning them.
Jiffri was speaking just before Gulf Arab states met in Abha, southwest Saudi Arabia to debate the Yemeni conflict which broke out on May 5.
Organisers appease excited crowd before closing up shop by Keith Dickson  PARIS, June 4 (AFP)  French Open organisers appeased a partisan, celebrity-studded 16,000 crowd at the Roland Garros Stadium here Saturday by staging the women's singles final between Spain's Arantxa Sanchez and home hope Mary Pierce -- despite steady drizzle.
The final will resume at noon Sunday (1000 GMT) -- three hours before the all-Spanish men's singles final between defending champion Sergi Bruguera and Alberto Berasategui.
The tournament, founded in 1897, was also won in the 'pre-Open era' (before 1968) by the legendary Suzanne Lenglen (1920, 1921, 1922, 1923, 1925 and 1926) and Simone Mathieu (1938, 1939).
One participant said Saleh was "hoping to gain time to allow his forces to increase their stranglehold on Aden, before commiting himself to a ceasefire."
Sanaa said the issue should never have been brought before the United Nations because the conflict is an internal affair.
Smith made 78 at Trent Bridge before misfortune struck and he was run out on this third day of the first Test.
The Bosnian government has grave misgivings about the idea of a ceasefire before any progress is made on the political front, fearing that a prolonged truce would advantage the Serbs, analysts said.
Jack Ruff, a veteran of Britain's Special Boat Services, had been at Sword beach shortly before the landings, deactivating anti-shipping "hedgehog" mines.
Wang and Hou leave on Sunday to visit Germany before returning to the United States.
The former marine lieutenant colonel raised 50 million dollars for Nicaraguan rebels before he was fired in 1986, and in 1988 turned his considerable money-raising skills toward his own needs.
Jiffri was speaking just before Gulf Arab states met in Abha, southwest Saudi Arabia to debate the Yemeni conflict which broke out on May 5 after months of wrangling.
Bashford, who had intended to be a Protestant church minister before being attracted by politics, is a founder-member of the Statt Partei, formed in June 1993.
Opponents of the movement running in the general elections said it should first build up its strength nationally and concentrate on local polls before aiming higher.
Twice before, they had left to go home at the invitation of the government, only to be forced to return by rebel action.
The rebbe represents not just the Satmar but under the umbrella of Eda Haredit -- the community which trembles before God -- all ultra- orthodox sects which do not recognize the state of Israel.
The Hitler youth of the 12th SS Panzer division, led by Kurt Meyer, counter-attacked and fought ferociously before losing -- outnumbered, outgunned and outsupplied.
"But they said nothing (before the landing).
(AFP)     KOUROU, French Guiana: The European Arianespace consortium suffered a  setback when technicians had to abort the launch of its 64th Ariane rocket  after an external fuel line failed to break away before liftoff.
This year's 27 billion yuan (3.1 billion dollar) two-year state bond issue sold out May 25, five days before the cut-off date, while 67 percent of the 60 billion yuan three-year bond issue had sold by the end of last week.
A Canadian C-130 military transport plane that had just landed with Rochetta and three other Italian officials aboard took off again before they had time to disembark after a shell slammed into the airport behind the control tower.
Most of those slaughtered in the past eight weeks of carnage were not killed in combat, but were minority Tutsis and Hutu opposition supporters hacked, clubbed, burned or shot to death by extremist militiamen armed by Habyarimana, a Hutu, in the year before his death.
The Chinese, beaten nine times before this group A win, eluded a whitewash with a 15-4, 15-11, 15-7 victory.
But the home side broke away with their first try just before the break through man-of-the-match Fijian-born flanker Ilie Tabua.
Sectioned off by nationality on the sprawling South Sea Common facing the English Channel, their medals gleaming in the sun, the veterans stood proudly at attention before 13 heads of state and government and some 100,000 members of the public.
A Canadian C-130 military transport plane that had just landed with Rochetta and three other Italian officials on board took off again before they could disembark after a shell slammed into the airport behind the control tower.
The manhunt would take only "one or two days" before the 32-year-old writer and poet is tracked down, a police official predicted.
The story comes two weeks after revelations in the Weekly Mail and Guardian newspaper that De Klerk, who is now President Nelson Mandela's deputy, authorised the transfer of three million hectares (7.5 million acres) of land to a trust held by Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini on April 25, just two days before the election.
Omar is in the process of considering amnesty for prisoners claiming political status, including 50 right-wingers, for crimes committed before a December 5, 1993, amnesty cut-off date.
Jordan "is determined to recover territory occupied by Israel and will not hesitate to sign a bilateral accord on this issue with the Hebrew state before there is a peace treaty," the official said on condition he not be named.
Jordan has so far refused to sign a separate peace treaty with Israel before all outstanding issues have been resolved, and until there is a comprehensive settlement with other Arab countries.
And this comes just before France's month-long tour to New Zealand.
Graphic                    by Geoffrey Varley     PORTSMOUTH,     England:       World leaders pay tribute to D-Day veterans                    before embarking in a massive flotilla to                    France's Normandy coast to commemorate the                    invasion of Europe half a century ago.
                   Rwanda, 2ndlead                    500 words around 1015 GMT                    by David Chazan     GENEVA:        UN-mediated talks in Geneva aimed at negotiating                    a general cessation of hostilities in                    Bosnia-Hercegovina appear doomed to failure even                    before they open.
A Canadian C-130 military transport plane that had just landed with Rochetta and three other Italian officials aboard took off again before they had time to disembark after a shell slammed into the airport behind the control tower.
Most of those slaughtered in the past eight weeks of carnage were not killed in combat, but were minority Tutsis and Hutu opposition supporters hacked, clubbed, burned or shot to death by extremist militiamen armed by Habyarimana, a Hutu, in the year before his death.
Serb presence in Gorazde bring Geneva talks to brink of failure by Philippe Debeusscher  GENEVA, June 5 (AFP)  UN-mediated talks aimed at negotiating a general cessation of hostilities in Bosnia appeared to be doomed to failure even before they opened, with the Bosnian government still refusing to negotiate Sunday, as long as Serbs remain in Gorazde.
Watson, signed from English club Bradford Northern, showed his class before leaving the field with an ankle injury.
Bottom team Parramatta gave semi-final contenders Manly a scare before going down 32-18 on Saturday.
Parramatta pulled back from 0-16 down to lead the Sea Eagles 18-16 midway through the second half, before Manly finished the better.
South African electoral authorities knew before but on the intervention here of Prime Minister Jim Bolger allowed her to vote because of the public relations benefit of the event.
That was the day before the election and later that day she got a call from the South African ambassador in Australia telling her she could vote.
The freighter left the Cuban port of Mariel before dawn Saturday.
"However, as soon as operation Overlord was launched, all eyes turned to five Normandy beaches, where the fate of the war would be sealed, where several thousand men succeeded in landing, soon to the be followed by tens of thousands of others; "but what anguish during the first hours, the first days, what prodigious acts of bravery and tenacity were accomplished by men to succeed in an undertaking that no-one had ever attempted before June 6, 1944.
(PARIS) The eagerly-awaited showdown, stopped after just three games because of rain late Saturday, resumed three hours before Sunday's all-Spanish men's singles final between defending champion Sergi Bruguera and Alberto Berasategui.
Meles has sought to break with his predecessors Mengistu and before him Haile Selassie, who took hardline stances on the question of self- determination for the various ethnic factions which make up the country.
Around 600 veterans earlier attended a ceremony at a standing block at the local military cemetery before gathering at the Sainte-Mere-Eglise village church for a memorial mass.
Jordan ready to sign border deal before peace treaty: official by Randa Habib  AMMAN, June 5 (AFP)  Jordan is ready to sign an accord with Israel on defining their common border without waiting first for a peace treaty to be concluded, a senior Jordanian official told AFP on Sunday.
Jordan "is determined to recover territory occupied by Israel and will not hesitate to sign a bilateral accord on this issue with the Hebrew state before there is a peace treaty," the official said on condition his name not be used.
He repeated Jordan's refusal to sign a separate peace treaty with Israel before all outstanding issues have been resolved.
Phakdiporn Sucharikul had stopped at a posh boutique in Sogo shopping center Saturday to purchase a few additions to her wardrobe before picking up her son, reports said.
With that, the royal and political dignitaries left the arena, pausing briefly to greet some of the old soldiers, before heading for the royal yacht, the naval review and airforce fly-past.
I had to drink my own urine in order not to die of thirst, while an officer handed round fresh water before my eyes."
Bure was ordered off the ice before the end of the first period for foul play and the Rangers capitalised with a Glenn Anderson goal.
Young and Hartland put on 59 before DeFreitas split them in the 11th over.
Earlier, England, beginning the fourth day on 516 for six,  batted on for a further 45 minutes before declaring at 567 for eight.
Steve Rhodes, on 41 overnight, pulled left-arm spinner Matthew Hart for a second six before being caught at cover for 49.
The 22-year-old Spaniard, who first won the crown in 1989, out-thought and out-fought the 19-year-old home heroine 6-4, 6-4 in a disappointing final which resumed three hours before the men's singles final between defending champion Sergi Bruguera and Spanish compatriot Alberto Berasategui.
Earlier in this  southern English port, one of those from which the invasion was launched, a  massive "Drumhead" multi-faith religious service was held for more than 12,000  D-Day veterans before 13 heads of state and government and some 100,000  members of the public.
The military transport plane that had just landed with Rochetta  aboard took off again before he had time to disembark after a shell slammed  into the airport, a UN spokesman said.
Akashi was to make a statement later Sunday before leaving Geneva for his offices in Zagreb.
Foreign ministers of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) termed as "a fait accompli the declaration by one of the parties of the Yemen Democratic Republic and the return to the situation" before the country was unified in 1990.
Nkomo warns whites planning celebrations to leave Zimbabwe  BULAWAYO, Zimbabwe, June 5 (AFP)  Vice President Joshua Nkomo on Sunday warned white Zimbabweans planning to celebrate the centennial of white colonial settler occupation to leave the country before igniting racial strife.
I warn them (the undesirable elements) to move out of our country now before it is too late," he was quoted as saying by ZIANA news agency.
Foreign ministers of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) termed as "a fait accompli the declaration by one of the parties of the Yemen Democratic Republic (YDR) and the return to the situation" before the country was unified in 1990.
Portsmouth authorities said that veterans' cars and coaches were given priority routes but that they had been advised to gather at a meeting point by 9:00 a.m. (0800 GMT), before the arrival of VIPS, which many had failed to do.
The Canadian military transport plane carrying Junior Foreign Minister Franco Rochetta and three other Italian officials took off again before they had time to disembark.
Most of those slaughtered have been minority Tutsis and Hutu opposition supporters massacred by the militiamen armed by Habyarimana, a Hutu, before his death.
Foreign ministers of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) termed as "a fait accompli the declaration by one of the parties of the Yemen Democratic Republic (YDR) and the return to the situation" before the country was unified in 1990.
Sanaa argued the conflict should never have been brought before the United Nations because it was an internal affair.
I had to drink my own urine in order not to die of thirst, while an officer poured fresh water before my eyes."
Opener Blair Hartland had fallen lbw for 22 to Phil DeFreitas before lunch -- it was the Derbyshire all-rounder's 100th Test wicket -- but the Kiwis began the afternoon in reasonable heart on 73 for one.
They termed as "a fait accompli the declaration by one of the parties of the Yemen Democratic Republic and the return to the situation" before the country was unified in 1990.
Faldo said:" Any win is nice and the timing for this one is very good just before the US Open.
Foreign ministers of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) termed as "a fait accompli the declaration by one of the parties of the Yemen Democratic Republic (YDR) and the return to the situation" before the country was unified in 1990.
Saudi King Fahd urged both sides on Saturday to implement the UN call, but Sanaa has argued the conflict should never have been brought before the United Nations because it was an internal affair.
Technicians had to abort the launch of the 64th Ariane rocket seconds before the first stage was to ignite Saturday.
They shut down the launch when an external fuel line failed to break away before liftoff.
Though authorities are not expected to announce a firm launch date before Monday, June 16 seems the most likely day, according to launch center sources.
And when DeFreitas won another leg before decision against Crowe, playing across the line, England could sense an early night.
Thomas was alleged to have received a 25,000 pound loan from Tottenham, a month before he actually joined the club.
And Allen, currently with Southampton, is reported to have been given a 55,000 pound ex-gratia payment by Spurs in June 1985, a month before a tribunal fixed the 425,000 pound fee for his move from West Ham.
But it is alleged that he was loaned 25,000 pounds by the club before the deal was fixed.
Tottenham chairman Alan Sugar has constantly defended his club by saying that all the alleged offences took place before his regime took over at White Hart Lane.
Lara made just six off nine balls before falling to veteran spinner David Graveney, to add to his previous scores in the competition of 19, 11 and 0.
The two will stop in Canada, Greenland and Iceland before landing in Scotland Tuesday, a path similar to that of Amelia Earhart, who became the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic in 1932.
"The players are returning to their hotel to check their rooms before any further action is taken," Griffin said.
Wadkins promptly bogeyed the seventh, then moved four adrift at eight- under with a bogey at the 12th before back-to-back birdies at 13 and 14 pulled him back into the tie for second.
Janzen, who started the day nine shots behind Wadkins, birdied the last two holes, giving himself a boost just two weeks before his defence of the Open title at Oakmont, Pennsylvania.
That's what the Dallas Morning News reported here Sunday following an interview with Johnson, now enjoying a brief retirement before serving as a commentator for Fox television's NFL coverage starting in August.
D-day addresses by Free French leader General Charles de Gaulle and allied commander-in-chief General Dwight Eisenhower are to be broadcast over the beach, known as "bloody Omaha," where troops of the First Infantry Division, the "Big Red One," lost more than 3,000 killed or wounded before breaking through.
It said death row inmates whose sentences were commuted by De Klerk just before the April 26-29 election that brought Mandela to power included three neo-Nazi Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB) members convicted of killing seven in a 1990 ambush on a black bus near Durban's KwaMashu township.
A former operative of the Civil Cooperation Bureau, James Gordon, has admitted before a commission investigating the unit's activities that he was hired by the outfit to kill Omar.
Omar is in the process of considering pardons for prisoners claiming political status, including 50 rightwingers, for crimes committed before a December 5, 1993, cut-off date for political amnesty.
Union Jacks fluttered in the town centre as the veterans marched in silence to the seafront where several ships which took part in D-Day operations had assembled in Bangor Bay before setting sail for Normandy.
The kingdom was strongly divided over the Maastricht treaty which turned the European Community into a deeper union, causing shock waves by voting against it in June 1992 before backing an amended treaty in May 1993 by a narrow margin.
A few days before the election, however, only 42 percent of people polled said they had decided on a candidate.
The Canadian military transport plane  carrying Junior Foreign Minister Franco Rochetta and three other Italian  officials took off again before they had time to disembark.
The Supreme Court here authorised the conference last week just before its scheduled opening.
The Beijing-backed Wen Wei Po daily quoted an authoritative source as saying that a decision would be made on adopting the policy at the fourth plenum of the 14th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party before year-end.
The crew planned to hold out in the bad weather before turning back to New Zealand to reload.
He said TVNZ "had been made aware of her views before the programme aired -- and the matter is now under active consideration."
The UN mission in Rwanda, about 450 men against 2,500 before the war, is paralysed by the fighting and lack of supplies, notably of fuel which it has to ration.
The airport "will be out of action for a few days" and is unlikely to open before "Friday at the earliest," Plante said, adding "we don't think we will get the guarantees before this."
The UN mission in Rwanda, about 450 men against 2,500 before the war, is paralysed by the fighting and lack of supplies, notably of fuel which it has to ration.
The airport "will be out of action for a few days" and is unlikely to open before "Friday at the earliest," Plante said, adding "we don't think we will get the guarantees before this."
SKorea TGV contract to be signed this month  PARIS, June 6 (AFP)  The contract for the construction of a TGV-style high speed train system in South Korea is to be signed before June 15, the head of the consortium which is to carry out the work was quoting as saying Monday.
There are only a few questions to resolve, but the signature should take place before June 15," he said.
Offered at 2.83 Hong Kong dollars (36 US cents), Dongfang changed hands for as much as 3.49 dollars in the first three minutes of trading before settling into a range of between 3.20 dollars and the closing price of 3.175 dollars.
After casting a wreath on the sea from the USS George Washington in honour of those who drowned before they could reach the shore, Clinton paid tribute to the sacrifice of US Ranger troops who scaled sheer cliffs at the strategic Pointe-du-Hoc to seize German gun positions.
A letter to the Medical Journal of Australia has claimed the first definite case involved a 32-year-old man jailed in Australia from before 1980 until after 1990, who had no history of blood transfusion, haemophilia or overseas travel.
Work on the project is expected to be completed by June 1997 in time for the territory's new airport to start operation, although China and Britain are still haggling over the financial plans of the airport projects, which Beijing fears could bankrupt Hong Kong before it reverts to Chinese rule in July 1997.
He cited as an example a Korean woman dressed in a traditional costume who told Kim that "before" she could not wear the Korean dress.
Kim, who last week made a key visit to Russia, was to travel later during the day to the Russian Far East cities of Vladivostok and Khabarovsk before returning to Seoul.
A SCUD missile fired by southern forces also struck a warehouse at the base the day before, he said.
Clinton, feeling the cold in the blustering wind before the Utah war memorial, repeated his tributes to American and allied troops already made at an American ceremony at the nearby Pointe-du-Hoc.
Ireland have lost their last five tour games after winning first-up in Western Australia and have a match against New South Wales Country in Lismore on Wednesday evening before arriving here on Thursday.
He said, however, that the dollar could fall on profit-taking towards the middle of the week, dipping to around 1.6650 marks before lifting to end the week above 1.67 marks.
Lebanon wants Israeli guarantees before disarming Hezbollah  BEIRUT, June 6 (AFP)  Lebanon needs guarantees for an Israeli withdrawal from south Lebanon before it can disarm the Iranian-backed Hezbollah, Foreign Minister Fares Bweiz said Monday.
While the weeklong meeting of the 35 members of the board of governors was not due to officially address the North Korean crisis before Tuesday, the diplomats said informal talks on a draft resolution challenging Pyongyang's nuclear plans were already underway.
The board of governors is expected to wait for an expected UN Security Council vote on possible sanctions against North Korea later this week before formally adopting their own resolution, possibly Thursday or Friday.
"We will not draw hasty conclusions and will be extremely careful before taking any decision about our relations with Rome," Peres added.
The IAEA board of governors is expected to wait for a UN Security Council vote on possible sanctions against North Korea later this week before formally adopting their own resolution, possibly Thursday or Friday.
Army experts would evaluate its sub-systems before carrying out more trials in the Thar desert and other field ranges.
Bosnian Vice President Ejup Ganic welcomed the news before heading for private talks with UN envoy for ex-Yugoslavia, Yasushi Akashi, and a meeting with UN chief Boutros Boutros-Ghali, also in the Swiss city.
The protestors caused an estimated 2,000 pounds (3,000 dollars)-worth of damage to the centre before climbing on the roof where they intended to spend the night.
Peres said he undertook to allow Palestinian institutions which were in Jerusalem before the signing of the autonomy agreement last September to remain.
Strategies to fight apartheid and were a prime OAU concern before South Africa's first democratic, all-race elections ushered in a new era at the end of April this year, bringing the African National Congress to power.
Shevardnadze, who did not say when the conversation with Yeltsin took place, also said he would wait until next week before giving further details on the deployment of a Russian pacekeeping force along a 48km- wide "security zone" along the Inguri River, the natural "frontier" between Georgia and the breakaway republic of Abkhazia.
Continuing fighting in some regions has prevented the disarmament of the rival armies, due to be carried out by the ECOMOG peacekeeping troops before UN-supervised elections scheduled for October.
(BONN) The heavyweight conservative Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung led on Clinton's speech in Britain in which he said that it took another year after D-Day before freedom reached the Elbe, and another 44 years before it reached eastern Europe.
The young Kiwi wicket-keeper resumed on 20 and took his eighth-wicket stand with Hart to 54 before Angus Fraser cut one back off the seam to have the left-handed Hart lbw for 22.
Echoing points from a speech he made in Annapolis, before leaving the United States on his D-Day tour, Clinton spoke of the need to "contain the world's most deadly weapons, to expand the reach of democracy ...
The young Kiwi wicket-keeper resumed on 20 and took his eighth-wicket stand with Hart to 54 before Angus Fraser cut one back off the seam to have the left-handed Hart lbw for 22.
Jordanian officials said they were prepared to sign an agrement on the border before sealing a full peace treaty.
He told journalists in Tashkent before leaving for Vladivostok that North Korea was under 24-hour surveillance and that the strength of US and ROK forces was strong enough to counter the threat of war on the Korean peninsular.
Top FIS leaders in Algeria were behind bars even before a general election their movement was poised to win in January 1992 was cancelled, sparking the insurrection.
Irish get rousing send-off  DUBLIN, June 6 (AFP)  Ireland's World Cup squad were given a rousing send-off by 7,000 fans at Dublin airport before their departure for the United States on Monday.
Meles has sought to break with his predecessors Mengistu and before him Haile Selassie, who took hardline stances on the question of self- determination for the various ethnic factions which make up the country.
He added: "I did feel under slight pressure before the game.
  Peres said he undertook to allow Palestinian institutions which were in  Jerusalem before the signing of the autonomy agreement last September to  remain.
Van Meter, accompanied by her flight instructor because she is too young to legally fly alone, stopped in Newfoundland and Greenland where she downed a hamburger before heading on to Iceland on her three-day trip that ends Tuesday in Glasgow, Scotland.
The main PLO movement Fatah has dropped the regular strike call since before autonomy was launched at the start of last month.
Strategies to fight apartheid were a prime OAU concern before South Africa's first all-race elections ushered in a new era at the end of April, bringing the African National Congress to power with Nelson Mandela as president.
The agenda was prepared in Addis Ababa before Rwanda lurched into its latest round of bloodletting between its Hutu majority and Tutsi minority, in April.
Nasreen went into hiding only hours before authorities issued the criminal arrest warrant for her.
His blistering attack appeared to signal the intensification of a family political row that started before general elections in October following the resignation of prime minister Nawaz Sharif.
He plans to spend 10 days in Larkana and visit several towns in Sind before returning to Karachi where he plans to hold a public rally in the PPP stronghold of Lyari to announce his plan of action.
Asked when he would formally announce his candidacy for the presidential election, Fujimori said that he would make it clear whether he would run or not immediately before the announcement of the vote.
Earlier, before an announcement in Sanaa that the north would abide by a ceasefire from 2100 GMT Monday, Abdel Meguid had urged the government to "commit itself" to last week's UN ceasefire call.
to defend their arguments before tax administrators," Tapie told French television.
The conservative Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung led its front page Monday with an article quoting Clinton saying it took another year after D-Day before freedom reached the east German river Elbe, and another 44 years before it reached eastern Europe.
Ali Mahfouz, also a civil servant, lowered a roped bucket into a well at Maalla near the port before his children, aged eight and ten, took the water back to the car.
Families boiled water before using it.
The attacks came as northern forces advanced on the city, capital of a breakaway state declared by southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid, before the north announced a ceasefire due to start at midnight (2100 GMT) Monday.
"We want to overcome the perception that Armscor and the industry in South Africa is a cloak and dagger business and that there is a crook behind ever propeller," Johan Moolman told a press conference before handing over Armscor's 1993/1994 annual report to Defence Minister Joe Modise.
Exports during the year amounted to 886 million rands (244 million dollars), up from 488 million rands (134 million dollars) the previous year and 794 million rands (218 million dollars) the year before that.
(TUNIS) Strategies to fight apartheid were a prime OAU concern before South Africa's first all-race elections at the end of April, which swept the African National Congress to power with Nelson Mandela as president.
The original program was prepared in Addis Ababa before Rwanda lurched into its latest round of bloodletting between its Hutu majority and Tutsi minority, in April.
Plante said the airstrip was unlikely to re-open before Friday as the United Nations continued to seek security guarantees from both government forces and the guerrillas.
Sterling also firmed markedly in early afternoon, rising to the important resistance level of 2.52 marks before easing to 2.5155 in late afternoon against 2.5097 Friday.
Jordanian officials said they were prepared to sign an agrement on the border before sealing a full peace treaty.
The case came before the criminal court in January.
"We will make proposals to achieve everything," he told reporters before meeting Akashi again.
The IAEA board of governors is expected to wait for a UN Security Council vote on possible sanctions against North Korea later this week before formally adopting their own resolution, possibly Thursday or Friday.
The remembrance ceremony took place before the memorial to all those who lost their lives at Omaha Beach -- a six-metre bronze statue rising skywards amid a semi-circular mass of columns.
The two former senators were the first to appear before a court since a crackdown on the opposition started Thursday.
Rothenberg rips Greeks over theft  NEW YORK, June 6 (AFP)  Eleven days before the kickoff of World Cup 1994, the event's chairman accused the Greek team's delegation of containing thieves and liars.
Aristide stopped short of calling for a military invasion of the Caribbean nation -- something US officials have not ruled out -- and UN mediator Dante Caputo argued that diplomatic efforts should be exhausted before force is considered.
Jordanian officials said they were prepared to sign an agreement on the border before sealing a full peace treaty.
The discussions are likely to take several weeks before members vote on the step-by-step economic sanctions planned for Pyongyang since China, which holds veto power, has strong reservations about such a move, the sources said.
But he then confused the issue by saying that, before signing the programme, Russia wanted a response to its request for a system of urgent and automatic consultations with NATO.
Sixty percent of the girls who had sex before the age 15 said they had been raped or coerced in some way, according to a 1987 study used in the institute's review.
According to the last opinion polls before the campaign opened on May 30, the Socialists have a comfortable lead of between 32 and 39 percent.
But even until March, the food ministry was putting production at about 10.4 million tonnes before progressively downscaling the figure.
"I want to watch the situation a little more before deciding whether the economy has reached bottom or not," he said.
Chinese sources said the unidentified foreigner was Swiss, but the Swiss Embassy here refused to confirm the information before formal identification.
The government has previously stated that Palestinian institutions which were in Jerusalem before the signing of the autonomy agreement last September can remain.
Diplomats said the discussions are likely to take several weeks before members vote on the step-by-step sanctions planned for Pyongyang since China, which has veto power, has strong reservations about such a move.
Aristide stopped short of calling for a military invasion of the Caribbean nation -- something US officials have not ruled out -- and UN mediator Dante Caputo argued that diplomatic efforts should be exhausted before force is considered.
Pepsi, which has pumped 185 million dollars into India, has been engaged in a major corporate diversification before competition with Coca Cola heats up.
Washington has moved towards normalising its relations with Hanoi, announcing last month that the two governments will soon exchange liaison offices but the United States is still demanding the "fullest possible accounting" of MIAs before full diplomatic ties are established.
"North Korea's provocation threat has become higher than at any other time before, with imminent UN sanctions and mounting tensions between South and North Korea," the message said.
She went into hiding hours before the authorities issued the arrest warrant for her and the police have been unsuccessful in locating her.
Analysts said Dongfang's success was mainly due to its strength as one of China's three largest power equipment manufacturers, and its debut on the local market came at a time when Beijing is reportedly planning to spend 65 billion Hong Kong dollars on power projects before the turn of the century.
They also wanted to look at the quality of company management, along with strategic positioning, before deciding to take the plunge and buy stock.
Chappell, before leaving for Sihanoukville Tuesday, said he was quite optimistic about the news of the forthcoming release.
"The idea that you are going to solve all problems before Naples is unrealistic," Kantor told the Paris-based paper.
The agency said it would complete the review before the end of July, "assessing the impact of weak industry conditions on both comnpanies' financial profiles, together with the respective means and strategies of each company to cope with the current difficulties."
He was first arrested in April 1974, but managed to escape and was re- arrested in 1975 before fleeing again in 1978.
OECD Secretary-General Jean-Claude Paye presented the conclusions of a two-year in-depth OECD jobs study, including the main planks of a strategy for growth and job creation, as the ministers began their two-day annual council session here shortly before 10:00 AM (0800 GMT).
Akashi was due to meet the Serb delegation led by Radovan Karadzic Tuesday morning for an hour before joining a meeting between UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros Ghali and the joint heads of the Bosnian delegation, Kresimir Zubak and Ejup Ganic, around 11:30 a.m. (0930 GMT).
Shahal had been wheeled out before parliament as a spokesman for Rabin.
Vietnam for its part has agreed to purchase 70-million-dollars worth of Ukrainian-manufactured goods but Kiev is demanding pre-payment before making deliveries.
Clinton leaves Wednesday for Britain to receive an honorary law degree from Oxford University before heading home.
"There are some significant differences which have to be bridged," Akashi told AFP just before resuming a series of separate talks with Bosnia's Croat and Moslem allies on the one hand and Bosnian Serb leaders on the other.
Akashi first met the Serb delegation led by Radovan Karadzic on Tuesday morning for an hour before joining a meeting between UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali and the joint heads of the Bosnian-Croat and Moslem delegation, Kresimir Zubak and Ejup Ganic.
Rainer Siegelkow of WestLB bank predicted no stabilisation of the jobless figures before mid-1995.
"Every country resolves, on its own, issues concerning trade relations with its partners," Kozyrev was quoted as saying before leaving for the Paris conference of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD).
Like other former hashish and poppy growers, he is now planting onions and wheat, earning between six and 10 times less than before, for a total annual income of 3,000 dollars.
Cap only sees a small connection between his days of political agitation before 1975 and his move into the mass market consumerism that already has a firm grip on urban Vietnam.
There are long queues at complaint centres of the Capital Development Authority (CDA), where people turn up before dawn to get onto a daily list of homes to be supplied by the tanker trucks.
Paris Bourse off 1.09 percent in mid-afternoon  PARIS, June 7 (AFP)  The Paris Bourse slipped into a marked downtrend on Tuesday in quiet trading, as the CAC 40 index stood at 2,015.04 points shortly before 1300 GMT, off 1.09 percent on the day as trading continued.
Diplomats said the discussions were likely to take several weeks before members vote on the step-by step sanctions planned for Pyongyang since China, which has veto power, has strong reservations about such a move.
He told reporters before leaving Tokyo that as neighbours Japan, South Korea and China should send a "clear message" to the North.
Vicky was due to take off again Tuesday bound for Glasgow, Scotland, before flying on to France on Wednesday.
"There are some significant  differences which have to be bridged," Akashi told AFP just before resuming a  series of separate talks with Bosnia's Croat and Moslem allies on the one hand  and Bosnian Serb leaders on the other.
"Every country resolves on its own issues concerning trade relations with its partners," Kozyrev was quoted as saying before leaving for the Paris conference of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD).
The Xinhua correspondent in Xian said the pilot had indicated vibrations in the wings a few minutes before the crash.
"There are some significant differences which have to be bridged," Akashi told AFP just before resuming a series of separate talks with Bosnia's Croat and Moslem allies on the one hand and Bosnian Serb leaders on the other.
Spain, Germany want to help France give EU a booster  SCHWERIN, Germany, June 7 (AFP)  Spanish leader Felipe Gonzalez and Chancellor Helmut Kohl said Tuesday they wanted to cooperate with France to give the European Union (EU) a fresh boost before the 1996 Maastricht Treaty review conference.
His spokesman Michael Williams added: "There is still some considerable distance to go before a signature ...
Macau's 912.5-million-dollar airport is to open in July 1995, two years before a far bigger airport in nearby Hong Kong, dogged by a Sino-British row over its financing arrangements, is to begin operations.
This two-stage approach was negotiated at the insistence of Moscow, which wants time to introduce laws governing its energy sector before throwing it open to all comers.
"Even before the war started, they said they wanted unity, but in fact they want separation," he said, referring to Yemen's four-year-old unity which the south abandoned to declare an independent state on May 21.
Clinton leaves Wednesday for Britain to receive an honorary law degree from Oxford University before heading home.
it will not be part of autonomy," he said before walking out.
"This is the first time such issues have been put before an industrial tribunal," said Herman Ouseley, chairman of the Commission for Racial Equality in London, which represented McAuley before the tribunal.
"The idea that you are going to solve all problems before Naples is unrealistic," Kantor said.
He charged that Exxon discovered more than a year before the spill that Hazelwood had resumed drinking, but left him in command of oil tankers.
They said Hazelwood, before going to his quarters, had ordered Cousins to turn the ship but the officer failed to execute it.
He was diagnosed last February 15 with terminal pancreatic cancer, and with the aid of morphine cocktails to subdue his crippling pain, Potter, 59, adopted a draconian work schedule to finish two screenplays before he died.
In accordance with his wishes, the dramas -- "Karaoke" and "Cold Lazarus" -- completed weeks before he died, will be shown on both the BBC and Channel 4.
He first visited Japan shortly before he came to power in July 1990.
They said the move had been decided on by Longuet and US trade representative Mickey Kantor, just before meetings of the Paris-based Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD).
In a long awaited speech before the French National Assembly, Clinton gave a ringing endorsement of efforts for greater European unity and spelled out broad outlines for securing peace and security at a time of growing nationalism and ethnic strife on the continent.
Following accidents involving Roland Ratzenburger at Imola and Andrea Montermini at Barcelona, Simtek must build another car before the team can run two drivers again.
Despite the additional complication provided by his wife's breast cancer -- they were helping each other to face their illnesses, he said in an interview on Channel 4 television, before she died on May 31 -- he was able, with the help of drugs and therapy, to complete 10 pages a day.
Similar fears were raised before the 1992 America's Cup in San Diego, but no whales wandered into harm's way during that regatta.
London stocks marked time as a whole as operators hesitated to take positions before knowing the results of elections for the European Parliament.
Euro Disney was unchanged at 415 a day before a shareholders meeting to vote on a financial restructuring plan.
From more than 30 dollars a barrel during the oil boom, crude prices collapsed to below 10 dollars in 1986 before they recovered in the following years.
In a long-awaited speech before the French National Assembly, Clinton gave a ringing endorsement to efforts for greater European unity and spelled out broad outlines for securing peace at a time of growing nationalism and ethnic strife on the continent.
Clinton leaves Wednesday for Britain to receive an honorary law degree from Oxford University, where he was a Rhodes Scholar, before heading home.
But he stressed there was "still some considerable distance to go" before any truce agreement could be signed, and that key stumbling block was the length of any proposed ceasefire.
He was freed for health reasons and allowed to go to the United States just before US President Bill Clinton renewed China's Most Favoured Nation status.
even for four months," Karadzic said, before starting new talks with UN envoy to the former Yugoslavia Yasushi Akashi.
I have never been to Scotland before."
She said the breakdown occurred about an hour before and added that the cause was unclear.
I have never been to Scotland before."
But he stressed that there was a very long way to go before a peace treaty can be drawn up.
Emerging into bright sunlight just before 5.30pm, Lara was given a hero's reception by a crowd swollen to around 7,000 by the prospect of seeing the man who, in the past seven weeks, had also posted a record test score of 375 and smashed seven centuries in eight first-class innings.
Worcestershire's 6ft 7ins Australian all-rounder reached 47 before bad light and then rain ended any hope of finishing the semi-final on Tuesday.
Clinton leaves Wednesday for Britain to receive an honorary law degree from Oxford University, where he was a Rhodes scholar, before heading home.
Miguel Alfonso, a spokesman for Cuba's Foreign Ministry, denounced the actions of the refugees, who tied up crew members before taking the ship from the port of Mariel, west of Havana.
But Rodber, never sent off before in his top-flight career, looks set to be available to play in the second Test against the Springboks.
But Rodber, never sent off before in his top-flight career, looks set to be available to play in the second Test against the Springboks.
even for four months," Karadzic said before meeting Akashi.
But he stressed that there was a very long way to go before a peace treaty could be drawn up, and both he and Rubinstein reiterated that any bilateral progress must be seen in the overall context of the Middle East peace process.
"However, ignoring the ban, the plane continued on its course and entered 80 kilometres into Russian airspace," the reports said, before being forced to land at the airport in Adler.
Clinton leaves Wednesday for Britain to receive an honorary law degree from Oxford University, where he was a Rhodes scholar, before heading home.
The management of Eurotunnel, the company which operates the tunnel, decided to evacuate them before the breakdown crew arrived at the scene.
Mandela was speaking Tuesday shortly after the Justice Ministry announced an amnesty would be considered for all those who committed political offences before December 5 last year, on condition they first confessed fully before a soon-to-be-established Truth Commission.
"We've heard that kind of bellicose talk before," Christopher said.
According to the bank's annual report on Indonesia, the country's external debt reached 93 billion dollars by the end of 1993, up from 84.4 billion the year before and 75.9 billion in 1991.
The reason: the prolonged slump in oil and gas prices, whose revenues dropped to 9.3 billion dollars in 1993-94 from 10.5 billion the year before.
The World Bank appears to have passed judgement on the case, which is still before the courts in Indonesia.
The 191-page report was delivered Monday to embassies of countries belonging to the Consultative Group on Indonesia (CGI), Indonesia's largest group of western donors, before its annual meeting under the chairmanship of the World Bank in early July.
First results, excluding exit polls, are not expected before Sunday when the rest of the European Union - Belgium, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Luxembourg, Portugal and Spain will vote.
Quoting foreign ministry sources, the Yomiuri newspaper said Japan and the United States were scheduling the Hata-Clinton meeting in the morning before the G7 summit scheduled to begin in the afternoon of July 8.
In France for the 50th anniversary celebration of the World War II Normandy landings, Clinton was scheduled to leave Wednesday for Britain to receive an honorary law degree from Oxford University, where he was a Rhodes scholar, before heading home.
She went into hiding hours before the authorities issued an arrest warrant for her at the weekend.
Teitelbaum, who speaks yiddish, heads the Satmar sect and also all hasidic anti-Zionist groups in the Eda Haredit movement -- the community which trembles before God -- who turned out to welcome him.
The surprise Japanese raid on Pearl Harbor December 7, 1941, launched before Japan declared war against the United States, killed 2,403 servicemen and destroyed scores of ships and aircraft, triggering America's entry into the war.
An expected 15,000 crowd will join a minute's silence before kickoff Thursday and Northland players will wear black armbands as a mark respect.
The gloomy report noted that while securitisation was in its infancy in Japan, real-estate prices were "still overvalued and will fall much further" before the market recovers and real estate becomes bankable collateral again.
"Prices would have to fall 60-80 percent from the peak before liquidity returns to the market and real estate becomes bankable collateral again," it said.
The government will increase land supply by up to 15 hectares (37 acres) in 1994-95 and another 55 hectares (136 acres) before 1997-98.
Three killed trying to prevent car bomb blast  ALGIERS, June 8 (AFP)  Gunmen shot dead three people as they tried to prevent a car bomb attack against a hotel in an Algiers suburb, before the blast seriously wounded three others, the El Watan daily reported Wednesday.
The head of the Bosnian delegation, Bosnian Vice President Ejup Ganic, said before talks resumed Wednesday that Akashi had proposed a four- week renewable truce -- the length sought by the country's Moslem- Croat federation.
But diplomatic sources said a resolution to this effect would not be submitted to the Council before Friday.
The head of the Bosnian delegation, Bosnian Vice President Ejup Ganic, said before talks resumed Wednesday that Akashi had proposed a four- week renewable truce -- the length sought by the country's Moslem- Croat federation.
"What is needed is to put an end to the war and find a political solution," he said before the talks resumed.
Trading remained in a narrow margin the day before the elections to the European parliament which could have a devasting result for the ruling Conservative party.
"What must happen before action is taken?"
Japanese share prices jump to 27-month high  TOKYO, June 8 (AFP)  Japanese share prices jumped to a 27-month high in active trading Wednesday, just two days before the Bank of Japan releases its quarterly short-term survey of business conditions.
Clinton is to receive an honorary doctorate in civil law from the university where he was once a Rhodes scholar before returning to Washington late Wednesday.
The head of the Bosnian delegation, Bosnian Vice President Ejup Ganic, said before talks resumed Wednesday that Akashi had proposed a four- week renewable truce -- the length sought by the country's Moslem- Croat federation.
The remaining 16.87 billion dollars was acquired through export credit loans, commercial loans, leasing and installment sales, and loans obtained before 1966.
Bao was detained last Friday, the day before the anniversary of the crushing of the pro-democracy movement in Beijing.
"The heroic city of Aden will receive very special attention for reconstruction and we are sure the future of Aden will be brighter than it was before unification, or during the transition period, when the secessionists continued to rule Aden without any serious reconstruction efforts."
"We are willing to consider any formula perhaps not as ambitious as the one we would have liked to have adopted," he said before opening the talks.
Ganic said before meeting Akashi that the four-week renewable truce was "very constructive" and "very promising."
Hundreds of people queued at artesian wells for water which they have to boil before using.
Her body was found in a cornfield at Kempley, about 20 kilometres (12 miles) north of Gloucester, which police have been digging for the past few weeks as it was the site West lived on before moving to Gloucester.
"British firms which make competitive bids may gradually be allowed to come in even before the ban is officially lifted.
"The sooner it's lifted, the better -- and I'm quite sure that it would not be too long before it is," he told reporters.
Clinton ended his studies at the university before obtaining a degree.
They killed them like pigs," Soriano told AFP, saying the victims were hogtied before they were lined up and gunned down.
But the European directives mentioned by the commission date back to 1975, well before the Social Charter adopted by the EU in 1989 and constituting the basis for EU social policy.
The bill was to be ratified by the upper house, the Federation Council, before returning to the Duma for final approval.
Jordan has always refused to consider cooperation projects with Israel before settling the border dispute.
Clinton, who was due to receive the civil law doctorate dressed in a traditional red gown and mortar board after lunch at the college with around 30 guests, ended his Oxford studies before obtaining a degree.
The visit was eventually put back to Wednesday after being initially scheduled for Saturday -- two days before the D-Day anniversary.
Janeth Arcain chipped in 27 before being fouled out near the end.
Hosokawa resigned in April but it took a few weeks before Hata was picked as his successor.
But there was another destabilising factor as Hosokawa's former aide, Masatoshi Miyama, had been summoned to testify before the lower house budget committee on June 15 on the former premier's money scandal.
"We are willing to consider any formula perhaps not as ambitious as the one we would have liked to have adopted," he said before opening the talks.
Leftist opposition sources said the government was probably paving the way to try to push through an amendment to change RAI's board of directors -- named only a few months ago -- when RAI's statutes come up for a periodic review before parliament at the end of the month.
Foreign ministers of the other five countries termed as "a fait accompli the declaration by one of the parties of the Yemen Democratic Republic (YDR) and the return to the situation" before Yemen was unified in 1990.
The army wants the civil war to stop before agreeing to anything.
"There is no reason why our institutions or our aspirations should stop at old frontiers of the Cold War," Christopher told the final session, shortly before Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev joined OECD ministers to sign the accord with Russia.
Quoting the late American statesman Cordell Hull as saying that "when goods move, soldiers don't", Christopher assured the meeting that President Bill Clinton was committed to securing congressional approval of the Uruguay Round package before year-end.
Brahimi arrived from Cairo and was due to hold talks later with northern government officials, before meeting President Ali Abdallah Saleh on Thursday.
"There is no reason why our institutions or our aspirations should stop at old frontiers of the Cold War," Christopher told the final session, shortly before Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev joined OECD ministers to sign the accord with Russia.
Quoting the late American statesman Cordell Hull as saying that "when goods move, soldiers don't", Christopher assured the meeting that President Bill Clinton was committed to securing congressional approval of the Uruguay Round package before year-end.
He added that they should have their tickets by Friday, exactly a week before the start of the finals.
The group also announced that it does not expect to make a profit before 1996, though it expects to reduce losses for financial 1994 (ending at the end of September).
Skweyiya also announced that recent promotions and appointments made before the new government took office would be halted and these positions would be re-advertised.
Leading members of his own Democrtic Party are now planning to introduce legislation before Congress that would impose sanctions against Beijing.
Top seed Garrison edges through  BIRMINGHAM, England, June 8 (AFP)  Number one seed Zina Garrison-Jackson escaped a scare here against Dutch outsider Caroline Vis before edging through the second round of the WTA 150,000 dollar tournament here on Wednesday.
The former champion was taken to three sets before stealing a 6-4 3-6 7-5 victory against a player ranked more than 100 places below her.
The dollar had fallen to 103.55 yen before it found good support, said Jim Moore, a trader with American Security Bank.
Mansell, who won the Formula One world title in 1992 before leaving to win the Indycar championship last year, is being sought as a replacement for the late Ayrton Senna, killed at last month's San Marino Grand Prix.
Jordan had refused to consider cooperation projects with Israel before it was settled.
But Anani said the projects could not get underway before the border dispute was settled.
A similar examination is planned for the Simtek car driven by Austrian Roland Ratzenberger, who died on the same circuit in practice for the race a day before Senna.
Kiet will leave for a private visit to Saint Petersburg Friday and travel to Kazakhstan Sunday before returning to Russia for a two-day visit Wednesday.
Leftist opposition sources said the government was probably paving the way to try to push through an amendment to change RAI's board of directors -- named only a few months ago -- when RAI's statutes come up for a periodic review before parliament at the end of the month.
Bettino Craxi, Fiat bosses among 29 sent before corruption court  MILAN, June 8 (AFP)  Former prime minister Bettino Craxi and two senior executives of the Fiat car group were among 29 people Wednesday to be sent for trial by a Milan court investigating corruption charges.
Accord on troops pullout possible before end of August: Churkin  MOSCOW, June 8 (AFP)  Russia and Estonia might agree on a withdrawal of former Soviet troops from the Baltic nation before an August 31 deadline, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Vitali Churkin said Wednesday.
Juliet Cuthbert of Jamaica, showed world class style to ease clear in the final 40m before winning the 100m in 11.22secs, confirming her good early-season form following a second place in New York Grand Prix and a win in Hengelo in the Netherlands.
Germany beat Canada 2-0 in World Cup warm-up  TORONTO, June 8 (AFP)  World Cup champions Germany overcame a tentative start to defeat Canada 2-0 in a World Cup warm-up Wednesday before a sell-out 20,000 fans at Varsity Stadium.
The Canadians, who tied with Brazil 1-1 last Saturday and Morocco 1-1 a week ago, refused to be overawed and pressed for an equaliser late on before the German clincher.
(WASHINGTON) Gray said that no intervention was imminent because the United States wanted new sanctions to squeeze the nation's military before stepping up pressure still further.
"An act passed earlier this year requires the establishment before July 30 of a State Department office of Cambodian genocide investigation," State Department spokeswoman Christine Shelly said.
"There is a need for documentation of Khmer Rouge crimes and I think that it is desirable that the documentation be brought together" in a form that could be used eventually in evidence before a national or international tribunal to pass judgement on the Khmer Rouge, a US official said.
(WASHINGTON) Two days before the imperial visit starts it was unclear exactly what Akihito would say while in Honolulu, and the Japanese were at pains to play down the political aspects of the visit.
"We have received no calls of complaint from our members either before or after the Pearl Harbor debate," said Steve Van Buskirk, spokesman for the Kansas City-based Veterans of Foreign Wars.
Spokesmen for Pelosi and Mitchell said they had not yet set a date for introducing their legislation, but informed sources said Pelosi could put it before the House next week and Mitchell some time later.
Another possibility, a spokesman for Mitchell said, is for the two to agree a common text and introduce it before both Houses at the same time, but no decision has yet been taken.
A metal finisher told TVNZ he could last two days before having to close up, sending his staff of 10 down the road.
Secretary of State to tour Middle East before July G-7 Summit  WASHINGTON, June 8 (AFP)  US Secretary of State Warren Christopher will tour the Middle East before the July 6-7 Group of Seven economic summit in Naples an administration official said Wednesday.
The chief US diplomat, who participated with President Bill Clinton in D-Day celebrations in Europe last week, will return to the United States before heading to the Middle East.
The 16 ministers of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation scheduled a day-long debate before meeting their counterparts from Russia and other countries of the former Soviet bloc on Friday.
"We may well see a big effort by the Bosnian army over the next 48 hours to make the most of its winning hand before the ceasefire signed in Geneva comes into force - that is if they intend to respect it," a UN officer told AFP.
The letter from Peres to Holst said Palestinian institutions operating before the signature of the Declaration of Principles would be allowed to continue.
State Department spokeswoman Christine Shelly said that before any  talks can be held, North Korea must reach an agreement with the International  Atomic Energy Agency to verify that nuclear fuel has not been diverted to  weapons programs.
Police said they had found and neutralised a small firebomb near a billiard hall at Trim north west of Dublin on Wednesday morning, several hours before the Ulster Freedom Fighters (UFF) put out their warning.
Vil Mirzayanov will receive 30 million rubles (about 15,500 dollars) in damages from the state, and the Institute of Organic Chemistry where he worked before being sacked was ordered to pay him 10 million rubles more in compensation.
Most of the businessmen who are coming in now are small entrepreneurs and the tourist market could need another 10 years before the country develops as a major destination," he said.
The number of unemployed fell to an adjusted 851,800 people in May, the lowest figure since August 1991, from 875,100 the month before.
Shortly beforehand he had told them he was expecting "a delivery for the FIS."
Disaster plane had had problems three days before  BEIJING, June 9 (AFP)  The China Northwest Airlines Tupolev-154 that crashed in central China on Monday, killing all 160 aboard in the country's worst air disaster, had suffered "malfunctions" just three days before, China Daily reported Thursday.
The seasonally adjusted jobless rate fell to 9.8 percent in May from 10.1 percent the month before and 10.8 percent a year earlier, the Australian Bureau of Statistics reported Thursday.
The jobless queue shrank to an adjusted 851,800 people in May from 875,100 the month before, while the number of people with a job jumped to an adjusted 7.863 million from 7.833 million in April.
The British High Commission (embassy) said Thursday it was now awaiting fresh instructions from London before it could give an official response.
The China Daily said the Guangdong construction company had started its illegal financial business in April 1985, but did not set up the internal bank until January 1989 before opening it to the public in 1993.
Beijing's declaration came shortly before International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) governors were due to meet in Vienna to discuss the crisis, sparked by fears that Pyongyang was diverting plutonium from an experimental reactor to make nuclear weapons.
Israel's Davar newspaper reported Thursday that Foreign Minister Shimon Peres met King Hussein of Jordan in London last Thursday, before the negotiations resumed in Washington.
It said Keating -- who refused to appear before the inquiry -- held out to Black "the prospect of increased investment in Fairfax in return for balanced coverage."
Nevertheless, they were down 12-10 early in the second half before pulling away.
Wales opened with a Jenkins penalty and five minutes before the interval lock Paul Arnold drove over for a try at the posts.
Ross, who kicked Canada's opening penalty after 17 minutes had three more early in  the second half to give Canada a 12-10 lead before Wales came back.
In confused early play the advantage switched several times before France finally came up with the ball and Leflamand went over to score his country's second try.
Two years ago Danes shocked their EU partners by voting against the treaty for greater union, before narrowly reversing the verdict in a second referendum a year ago last month.
The Duma was to vote on the draft budget a third time before sending it to the Federation Council to be ratified.
Wang met Kinkel in Bonn on Tuesday before heading back to the United States.
The Duma was to vote on the budget bill a third time before referring it to the Federation Council for ratification but Shumeiko did not rule out the possibility that the lower house might vote amendments on third reading.
Runaway tank crushes cars, streetlights on major Vienna artery  VIENNA, June 9 (AFP)  An Austrian army tank hijacked for a joyride bruised a score of vehicles and a string of street-lights along a major Vienna artery overnight Thursday to Friday before police fire brought the driver to a halt.
"We may well see a big effort by the Bosnian army over the next 48 hours to make the most of its winning hand before the ceasefire signed in Geneva comes into force -- that is if they intend to respect it," a UN officer told AFP.
Her body was found in a cornfield at Kempley, about 20 kilometres (12 miles) north of Gloucester, which police have been digging for the past few weeks as it was the site West lived on before moving to Gloucester.
Prisoners claiming political status for crimes committed before a December 5, 1993, cut-off day will have to publicly disclose their offences  before the commission which will then decide whether or not to grant amnesty to offenders and compensation to victims.
The Peruvian president is to meet Friday with Chinese Premier Li Peng, before flying Saturday to Shanghai, where he will meet local officials and visit the Pudong development zone.
Weekly jobless claims unchanged at 358,000  WASHINGTON, June 9 (AFP)  New claims for US unemployment benefits were unchanged in the week ended June 4 from the week before's revised 358,000 claims, the Labor Department said Thursday.
"The mood is much better," he told a news conference a day before a second round of negotiations kicks off in Tokyo on Friday, a week after the two sides had resumed the talks in Washington.
But he declined to comment on whether the two sides were likely to reach an agreement before July 6, when President Bill Clinton is to meet Japanese Prime Minister Tsumo Hata before the Group of Seven summit in Naples.
Former World Bank executive Moeen Qureshi, who served as caretaker prime minister for three months before the October polls, reduced tariffs from 125 to 85 percent in August.
Weekly jobless claims unchanged at 358,000  WASHINGTON, June 9 (AFP)  New claims for US unemployment benefits were unchanged in the week ended June 4 from the week before's revised 358,000 claims, the Labor Department said Thursday.
Another US official said there was a need for the documentation of Khmer Rouge crimes in a form that could be used eventually in evidence before a national or international tribunal.
However, the potential donors said they would have to consult with each other first before giving a formal response to the request for military aid, he said.
The maps will then be presented to the warring parties who will have to present their responses before the next Group of Seven summit of industrialised countries in Naples in early July, the source said.
                   US-computers                    500 words around 1800 GMT                    by Jean-Louis Santini     WASHINGTON:    Doctors are trying to allay growing fears over                    the deadly flesh-destroying streptococcal                    bacteria that they concede is horrific but has                    long been with us and is no more rabid than                    before.
Suez Group, which controls Victoire, is supposed to announced the purchaser before June 15.
A similar motion was adopted by 50 votes to 49 in the Senate last month, but its effect was counterbalanced by the immediate passing of another motion by the same margin requiring Clinton to seek United Nations and NATO support before lifting sanctions.
Russian Evgeni Berzin held on to the overall lead with three days to go before the finish in Milan.
The maps will then be presented to the warring parties who will have to present their responses before the next Group of Seven summit of industrialised countries is held in Naples, Italy, in early July, the source said.
On Wednesday, Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev called for a ministerial meeting of the group to be held in the next two to three weeks before a presidential summit to conclude an overall settlement to the Bosnian fighting.
These people were held for several days before being released.
Shaath was to ask for a "rapid release of promised funds" in informal meetings with donors Thursday before repeating his plea at the formal donors' conference here Friday, the delegate said.
A similar motion was adopted by 50 votes to 49 in the Senate last month, but its effect was counterbalanced by the immediate passing of another motion by the same margin requiring Clinton to seek United Nations and NATO support before lifting sanctions.
He leaves for a private visit to Saint Petersburg Friday and travels to Kazakhstan Sunday before traveling to Russia Wednesday for a two- day visit.
The local reporter said the soldiers destroyed three civilian houses and a car and stormed through the market place in the rampage, which lasted less than an hour before calm was restored.
The agriculture ministry said the ban concerns all cattle imported from Britain before July 1, 1990, when a restriction on the export of live British cattle came into force.
Several of Germany's 16 regional states had acted individually over the last few days in declaring such bans on the slaughter of British- origin cattle before the conclusion of a meeting of federal and regional officials.
Sale or transport of the estimated 5,200 breeding cattle imported into Germany from Britain before July 1, 1990 now requires special authorisation, and all British-origin cattle are to be medically examined.
First charged with the murders of two Australian tourists in Holland in May of that year, the trio were acquitted by a Dutch court before being handed over to German authorities.
The refugees will undergo two to three days of interviews aboard the ships before a decision is made whether to process their claims further or reject them, the US special adviser on Haiti, William Gray, said Wednesday.
The CAC 40 index was off 0.10 percent at the opening and was down as much as 1.5 percent during the session before ending at 2,028.39 points - off 0.90 percent by comparison with the Wednesday close.
Doctors struggle to dampen fears over killer strep bacteria by Karen Lowe  WASHINGTON, June 9 (AFP)  Doctors are trying to allay growing fears over the deadly flesh- destroying streptococcal bacteria that they say while horrific has long been with us and is no more voracious than before.
Major San Francisco earthquake forecast by 2020  SAN FRANCISCO, June 9 (AFP)  The San Francisco Bay area will almost certainly be rocked by a major earthquake before the year 2020, a government seismologist has warned.
Tyson's chairman Don Tyson is a long-time backer of Clinton who was Arkansas governor before becoming president.
The pairing, unveiled Wednesday, aims at developing before 2000 a new semiconductor compatible with two major types of software: programs designed for personal computers, and those used by the more powerful work stations and the mainframes that handle entire companies' operations.
It was horrific," The second-round conqueror of Boris Becker added: "It was slippery before the match started and I must have done a couple of 10-feet skids."
US-Japan auto agreement unlikely before G7 summit industry WASHINGTON, June 9 (AFP) - The United States and Japan are unlikely to reach agreement on opening the Japanese auto market before the G7 summit next month, the head of the industry association said here Thursday.
"I don't expect an agreement before the G7 meeting," Card told reporters, referring to the annual summit of the Group of Seven industrial nations in Italy July 6 to 8.
Hjertsted had intensive treatment before his round on an injured left wrist and the 22-year-old who was runner up in Lyon returned to form with three birdies, all from more than 15 feet, in a faultless performance.
Shriver defeats McQuillan and insults  BIRMINGHAM, England, June 9 (AFP)  Pam Shriver cruised through to the quarter-finals of the women's tennis tournament here Thursday, beating Rachel McQuillan 6-0, 6-4 before getting involved in a slanging match as the players were supposed to be shaking hands.
Favourite Hall squeezes home  NEWPORT, Wales, June 9 (AFP)  Favourite Julie Hall was given the fright of her life before squeezing into the third round of the British Women's Amateur Golf Championship here on Thursday.
Just a week ago, the French came for a warm-up before heading off to New Zealand and left in disarray after losing 18-16 to a Canadian team that played more than half the game a man short.
In response to a request from Mozambique for help in training and integrating government and former RENAMO rebel troops into one unified army before the country's first democratic elections, Zimbabwe has agreed to send 14 officers and 105 soldiers to instruct.
The United Nations, which is supervising the peace process in Mozambique, would like to see the training and integration of the former rival troops before the elections in October to avoid the Angolan situation, where UNITA rebels resumed war after losing elections.
The pair had met in an epic semi-final 12 months ago, when Stich saved four match-points before scraping home 8-6 in the third set.
The presidency statement stressed the decree would require ratification from the Federation Council -- Russia's upper parliamentary house -- before coming into force.
    June 9 (AFP) - The 2100 GMT news advisory     UNITED NATIONS:   The permanent members of the UN                       Security Council are still divided                       on how to resolve the North Korean nuclear                       problem and Washington now seems unlikely                       to put forward a draft sanctions resolution                       before next week.
The other 500,000 non-Latvians in the country -- people who arrived after its forced annexation by the Soviet Union in 1940 and before its unilateral independence declaration in 1990 -- will be considered "illegal immigrants" under the new law.
He said normally the State Department would be notified in advance of such a trip as a matter of courtesy, but that given the rapidly- changing situation on the Korean situation if Carter were planning a visit next week he would likely wait until nearer the time before talking to the State Department about it.
White House spokeswoman Dee Dee Myers reiterated that "the president does not support a unilateral lifting of the arms embargo," but said the White House would await the final joint version of the House and Senate bills before taking any action.
Reeves' wife Brenda said he was nervous before the flight.
Inside the sports hall, built for the 1972 summer Olympics, the Republican Party led by Franz Schoenhuber was holding a final meeting of some 300 members before Germans vote in European Parliament elections on Sunday.
This time, a point against Nigeria in their opener and a victory over Greece in Chicago on June 26 would probably be enough to put Bulgaria in the second round before their final group match against Argentina in Dallas.
The Dutch have been highly-rated before but a combination of internal squabbling and a lack of real self-belief has always let them down in the past.
Brazilian Jose Candido and Dutchman Leo Beenhakker both had brief spells in charge before Jorge Solari of Argentina took over.
"None of us are really sure how the race will go because we have not gone this far before," said D.
The graves belonged to British and Canadian soldiers killed shortly before the Netherlands was liberated from German occupation forces in 1945.
Houston will be looking to double their lead in the best-of-seven series Friday in game two, before the final moves back to New York for games Sunday and next Wednesday.
There will be three candidates for Labour leadership, implies party chairman  LONDON, June 10 (AFP)  Labour chairman David Blunkett Thursday said there were likely to be three candidates in the race for the party leadership, ending weeks of speculation just before nominations officially begin Friday.
Bhudu said before Sexwale's arrival and after meeting the inmates that they wanted the resignation of Sipo Mzimela, minister of correctional services in President Nelson Mandela's new government of national unity.
UN sources said European diplomats favored gradual sanctions such as a halt to technical assistance before imposition of tough measures on trade and oil exports.
France and Britain are willing to allow a grace period before any sanctions take effect to allow North Korea to change its position on inspections, diplomats said.
Moscow meanwhile is pressing to offer Pyongyang a "carrot" -- a conference that could give the isolated regime new respectability -- before the "stick" of sanctions is used, sources said.
Pele called Ireland tough and said Nigeria's talent would put them into the second round before inexperience showed.
O'Brien and US rival Dave Johnson were both promoted by Nike before the 1992 Olympics, but the new deal could pay O'Brien up to 200,000 dollars a year and provide greater exposure heading into the 1996 Atlanta Olympics.
Germany: For Chancellor Helmut Kohl, whose his right-wing-liberal coalition is facing a strong challege from the social-democrats, the Euro-poll will provide the last test at national level before legislative elections October 16.
"We have received no calls of complaint from our members either before or after the Pearl Harbor debate," said Steve Van Buskirk, spokesman for the Kansas City-based Veterans of Foreign Wars.
The stand-off was finally settled before dawn when they agreed to stay in Jericho for 48 hours while official negotiations continue, Palestinian police spokesman Mohammad Shaker said.
The budget for ALPHA was hotly debated as some subcommittee members considered its cost exorbitant -- 10.2 billion dollars have been sunk in the project with another 17.9 billion needed before it is put in orbit in 2001.
In all, 31 shuttle flights are envisaged before the space station is completed.
But the pro-government deputy and head of the parliamentary commission for defence and security, Revaz Adamia, sounded a note of caution: "It is difficult to trust the Russians - two times before we signed peace agreements with Russian guarantees and two times they were broken."
Only hours before he left, China's President Jiang Zemin, in a interview with the Japanese media, categorically refused to impose economic sanctions on its Stalinist ally.
Kakizawa is also scheduled to meet President Kim Young-Sam of South Korea before heading for Beijing on Sunday.
He will have a working lunch with Foreign Minister Qian Qichen before returning to Tokyo the same day.
Previously, bars, restaurants, nightclubs, discotheques, tea houses and massage parlors were supposed to close at midnight most nights, and at 1 a.m. on nights before a public holiday.
Kozyrev will travel to Brussels, where the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation headquarters are located, to work out the remaining details before signing the Partnership for Peace agreement, Solana told reporters.
The communist bloc in the Duma, who account for 65 of the 450 deputies, issued their appeal an hour before President Boris Yeltsin was to give a press conference to mark the country's national holiday on June 12.
The stand-off was settled before dawn -- at least for the next 48 hours -- after the prisoners spent the night in buses outside the town, Palestinian police spokesman Mohammad Shaker said.
Prisoners with shorter prison sentences carried signed documents instructing them to go to their local Israeli military office in the occupied West Bank to process papers before returning home.
The prisoners broke out of 19 cells by ramming the brick walls with beds before running riot in the passages and setting clothes and bedding alight, Du Plessis said.
In a letter to the Medical Journal of Australia, Hall said the first definite case involved a 32-year-old man jailed in Australia from before 1980 until after 1990, who had no history of blood transfusion, haemophilia or overseas travel.
The tourist, it turned out, had complied with all the legal requirements to take the parrot out of the country, but before leaving he told police he had made the purchase at a chicken farm, arousing suspicion.
Spanish Foreign Minister Javier Solana quoted Kozyrev as saying that he needed one more visit to NATO headquarters to discuss final details before signing the partnership.
Luxton said the mark was benefiting as a "safe-haven" currency before the results of the European election.
The escudo rose to 104.12 to the mark before the weekend.
The dollar declined before the publication of US producer price figures later in the day.
They added that trading was likely to be cautious before publication of the results of the European elections which, in Britain, were also held on Thursday.
A 37-year-old villager, Lee Yong-Won, told Yonhap news agency that he heard an explosion and saw the plane fall trailing flames before it crashed on the hillside.
Diplomats here said the test Friday reflected not only a sense of urgency here over the need to catch up with other nuclear powers before the imposition of a ban, but also the Asian giant's increasingly confident foreign policy.
"The other soldiers found him, cut his whiskers and played football with him before electrocuting him," Altman said.
He said he had heard that his unit had a reputation for cruelty toward animals before being posted to Jabalia.
Another US official said there was a need for the documentation of Khmer Rouge crimes in a form that could eventually be used in evidence before a national or international tribunal.
A strong rumour spread that Abu Ammar did not want his big day overshadowed by World Cup football so it was either before June 17 or late July.
"Only murderers love war," Ahmad Hindi said, as he rubbed his hands in sand instead of water before Friday prayers in the Sheikh Osman mosque.
Okpebie was defended by a lawyer provided by the state and has an automatic right of appeal before three judges.
Released just before the 1967 Middle East war, al Qaissy took up immediately with the fedayeen and spent the first days of the battles in Israeli detention.
"We went on hunger strike several times before winning some rights."
He also said he thought there was "a will of peace amongst the population which we haven't seen before."
At the same time as it signed the arrangement, Philips agreed to repay at the end of June, before time, the balance of a loan of two billion dollars made in 1990.
Bail withdrawn for alleged right-wing bombers  JOHANNESBURG, June 10 (AFP)  The supreme court Friday reversed a lower court's decision to grant bail to 34 white extremists charged over a spate of bombings that killed 21 people in the three days before South Africa's first all- race election.
Another bomb in Pretoria just before the April 26-29 election killed two people and a blast at Johannesburg's main airport caused damage on the second day of polling.
Sexwale spent several hours negotiating with the prisoners, who were armed with a veriety of home-made weapons, before achieving the release of the warder around 5 a.m. (0300 GMT) on Friday.
The prisoners broke out of 19 cells by ramming the brick walls with beds before running riot in the passages and setting clothes and bedding alight, Du Plessis said.
UN spokesman in Yemen Nejib Friji said Brahimi was due to have a brief stopover in Amman before travelling on to Jeddah in Saudi Arabia.
But the pro-government deputy and head of the parliamentary commission for defence and security, Revaz Adamia, sounded a note of caution: "It is difficult to trust the Russians -- two times before we signed peace agreements with Russian guarantees and two times they were broken."
Ahmad Hindi, a 50-year-old tailor, performed his ablutions in sand instead of water -- as allowed for in the Koran -- before attending prayers at the Sheikh Osman mosque.
Weber seals Anderlecht deal  BRUSSELS, June 10 (AFP)  Josip Weber officially became an Anderlecht player on Friday, hours before flying off to the United States for the World Cup.
VERTIC, the first to announce China's last nuclear test -- an 80 to 90 kiloton device -- in October 1993, said the fact that China had announced the latest test before it was picked up by any international seismic monitors was "an unusual and interesting development in Chinese diplomacy."
Modise is an ANC member of the President Nelson Mandela's government of national unity and was commander of the ANC's military wing before becoming defence minister after the ANC's victory in April elections.
The day before the indictment was handed down, the feisty Chicago-bred politician, known as a "bulldog in a suit," vowed to "fight to regain my reputation in court."
Fellow UN Security Council member Russia had expressed reservations on sanctions, but the two countries announced Friday that they had agreed to propose sanctions and that a resolution should go before the Security Council in the next few days.
Current discussions are focussed on the status of the 76 UNITA deputies elected in September 1992, the general election whose result the rebel movement disputed before going on to renew its war against the Luanda regime.
Economic Development Minister Frances Larkin, brushing away tears, added: "You are going to have to let me cope with how I feel about this event today before I can even think about future legislation."
He remained vague about the details, but made it clear that Russia wanted to nail down controversial details of its cooperation with NATO before signing the accord.
Games went with serve in the second set before Apell, leading 6-5, broke Bates with a rasping cross-court backhand pass, one of many he unleashed in a highly impressive performance.
The UN commander in Bosnia, General Sir Michael Rose, was hopeful as the truce came into effect, believing that there was "a will of peace amongst the population which we haven't seen before."
But even before he left, Chinese President Jiang Zemin categorically refused to impose economic sanctions on its ally.
Modise's reversal followed a statement from the ANC slamming the defence minister, who was commander of the ANC's military wing before the movement swept to power in the first all-race election in April.
"Only when I have all the relevant information laid before me will I be in a position to decide what steps I will take," a statement from Modise said.
The French bank acknowledged that the Kenyan bank had wanted "to do window dressing before the visit of IMF officials".
Prices began at 395 dollars per ounce, before rising to 398 dollars per ounce at the end of the week.
The price of shares in the Commercial Union insurance company fell by five pence to 533 pence after the French company Suez had announced shortly before the close of trading that it was prepared to sell the British company its Victoire insurance business for 12.5 billion francs (2.19 billion dollars).
Prices began the week slightly below 1,000 pounds per tonne before rising higher on the back of sharp rises in coffee.
He said banks were having to deal with a level of economic crimes they had not seen before, and that they had the impression they were dealing only with "gangsters and criminals".
The price of Brent crude North Sea oil dropped slightly to below the 16 dollars per barrel level, before lifting later.
Thorpe and Crawley will have to be patient  LONDON, June 10 (AFP)  Graham Thorpe and John Crawley will have to wait till England have won the series against New Zealand before grabbing a Test place, England's chairman of selectors said on Friday.
Chairman Illingworth said: "We need to look at the fast bowling but I can't think we will make too many changes," before adding on Thorpe and Crawley: "It's a question of them continuing to score runs and us making room for them.
Just before the announcement, the shares were up 5 pence.
The escudo fell below 104.00 to the mark to 104.43 before the weekend.
Hamilton said the president had several weeks of respite before both houses of the Democrat-controlled Congress produced a definitive version of the bill to unilaterally lift the arms embargo.
It was about four months before I was actually given clearance," said Ampofo today.
Gray refused to be drawn on how long Washington was prepared to wait for sanctions to take effect before considering other options such as military action to restore elected president Jean-Bertrand Aristide, who has now been living in exile for almost three years.
Rui Jorge fired Porto ahead 10 minutes before the break, only for Sporting's Budimir Vujacic to equalise in the 55th minute.
Gooch played on to his only wicket from a Stuart Lampitt delivery, but not before distinguishing himself.
Gooch's England colleague, Robin Smith, could only make 16 before falling lbw to Kevin Evans as Hampshire struggled to avoid the follow- on against Nottinghamshire at Basingstoke.
Nottinghamshire resumed at 313 for five in their first innings and added a further 122 before they were all out for 435.
A World Cup winner along with Jack when England beat West Germany back in 1966 -- manager Alf Ramsey became a Sir after that triumph -- Charlton's first mention on the Honours' List came in 1969 when he was given the OBE, before his eventual CBE.
But most observers believed it was a matter of time before Bobby received a more fitting honour.
They added that the four-week ceasefire order agreed Tuesday in Geneva would possibly not "be able to reach the brigade level before Saturday."
Skah seemed envious of Gebresilasie when he said before the race: "When I saw on television that Gebresilasie had broken the world record, I said to myself 'he is really lucky.' A perfect race, nobody to disturb him, a pal to help him.
But Kozyrev insisted on, and won, the right to nail down the precise nuts-and-bolts details of a wide-ranging programme before signing.
"That's putting the cart before the horse.
The State Department also urged an estimated 6,000 Americans in Haiti to leave before US flights -- which account some 75 percent of air traffic into Haiti -- are suspended, and said it was withdrawing some embassy personnel.
Clinton's special envoy on Haiti, William Gray, refused to be drawn out on how long Washington was prepared to wait for sanctions to take effect before considering other options such as military action.
Diplomats in China said the test reflected not only Beijing's sense of urgency over the need to catch up with other nuclear powers before the imposition of a ban, but also its growing confidence in its foreign policy.
He owned the Los Angeles Aztecs of the North American Soccer League in the 1970s, and was general manager of the Los Angeles Wolves of the United Soccer Association before that.
He owned the Los Angeles Aztecs of the North American Soccer League in the 1970s, and was general manager of the Los Angeles Wolves of the United Soccer Association before that.
It hit before the start of the third game of the baseball World Series between San Francisco and Oakland at Candlestick Park.
Six months before the start of the 1986 World Cup in Mexico, an earthquake killed thousands in Mexico City.
The US Geological Survey says the San Francisco Bay area will almost certainly be rocked by a major earthquake before 2020.
Clubs in Japan would likely play on the weekend before games begin in the United States, allowing time for a return across the Pacific Ocean in time to play the next weekend.
Three of those arrested, members of the dissolved Senate, will appear before the capital's federal high court Monday for "plotting and treason," they added.
Reid, who injured his wrist in 1992 while playing table tennis in Japan, wants to recapture the form he enjoyed before missing almost all of last season following surgery.
General Henry Anyidoho of Ghana, second-in-command at UN military headquarters here, later said the circumstances of the bombardment would be investigated before a decision was made on re-opening the airport.
That progress will be the major supporting point for Tyson attorney Alan Dershowitz when he goes before Gifford on Monday.
The United Nations had 2,500 troops in Rwanda before hostilities broke out, but removed most of the force from harm's way.
The White House, looking forward to the first Japanese imperial visit here in nearly 20 years, carefully avoided being drawn into the furor that was stirred up before they arrived over whether they should stop at Pearl Harbor.
The State Department also urged an estimated 6,000 Americans in Haiti to leave before US flights -- which account some 75 percent of air traffic into Haiti -- are suspended, and said it was withdrawing some embassy personnel as a safety precaution.
Clinton's special envoy on Haiti, William Gray, declined to say how long Washington was prepared to wait for sanctions to take effect before considering other options such as military action.
He predicted that PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat would soon make an eagerly awaited visit to Gaza and Jericho, probably before the July meetings.
It also could serve as a transition for the countries before they join into NAFTA-type agreements with the United States.
I've never had that before," Bowen said.
If successful, the system would bring two major advances to defense technology: The ability destroy the missiles before they can spread multiple explosives and the ability to replace high-priced manned aircraft not suited to the mission, Aviation Week and Space Technology reported.
Kakizawa is also to meet South Korean President Kim Young-Sam before heading for Beijing on Sunday.
He will have a working lunch with Foreign Minister Qian Qichen before returning to Tokyo the same day.
Houston led for a total of less than 90 seconds just before and after half-time, their only edge until the fourth quarter.
Carter to meet with SKorean president on way to Pyongyang  SEOUL, June 11 (AFP)  Former US president Jimmy Carter will meet with South Korean President Kim Young-Sam here on Tuesday before crossing the demilitarized zone the following day for North Korea, Yonhap news agency said.
"We need consultations before the OPEC meeting on June 15 in Vienna," Aghazadeh said, quoted by QNA.
Albright said that of all the issues before the Council, "this is clearly the most important issue..
They added that the four-week ceasefire order agreed Tuesday in Geneva would possibly not "be able to reach the brigade level before Saturday."
Houston led for a total of less than 90 seconds just before and after half-time, their only edge until the fourth quarter.
I've never had that before," Bowen said.
Reid, who injured his wrist in 1992 while playing table tennis in Japan, wants to recapture the form he enjoyed before missing almost all of last season following surgery.
Clubs in Japan would likely play on the weekend before games begin in the United States, allowing time for a return across the Pacific Ocean in time to play the next weekend.
Seven people were killed and 22 wounded, mostly civilians, in shelling on Friday, and another three soldiers died and 13 were brought in wounded from the battlefronts just before the ceasefire, the hospital said.
That progress will be the major supporting point for Tyson attorney Alan Dershowitz when he goes before Gifford on Monday.
Deadly reunion for four pre-war friends  VITEZ, Bosnia-Hercegovina, June 10 (AFP)  Two Croats and two Moslems, who were friends before the Bosnian war, decided to hold a reunion in central Bosnia after fighting each other for 10 months.
The four, who worked in the same factory before war broke out between Croats and Moslems in May 1993, were to meet at Kruscica, in the no man's land between the mainly Moslem Bosnian army and Croat forces, near this central town.
we will be prepared before very long."
Sadly for the footballing world, and for the newspapers, Yashin died in March 1990, three months before the last World Cup in Italy.
Zheng kills off bold Australian bid as China reach world basketball final by Robert Smith  SYDNEY, June 11 (AFP)  Domineering Chinese centre Zheng Haixia ended Australia's desperate attempt to reach the women's world basketball final before their own fans with a devastating solo display here Saturday.
URGENT  LAGOS, June 11 (AFP)  Moshood Abiola, presumed winner of a presidential election last year, was put under house arrest before dawn Saturday, a close aide told AFP.
Opposition leader put under house arrest  LAGOS, June 11 (AFP)  Moshood Abiola, Nigeria's main opposition leader and presumed winner of a presidential election last year, was put under house arrest before dawn Saturday, a close aide told AFP.
Seven people were killed and 22 wounded, mostly civilians, in shelling on Friday, and another three soldiers died and 13 were brought in wounded from the battlefronts just before the ceasefire, the hospital said.
However, no official message had reached the IAEA headquarters midday Saturday and the atomic agency did not expect any official reaction from North Korea before early next week, Kyd said.
"I will not bow down before the vested interests and anti-state elements, even if they sentence me to 700 years (in jail)," declared the MQM leader.
Earlier, domineering Chinese centre Zheng Haixia ended Australia's desperate attempt to reach the final before their own fans with a devastating solo display.
People here are very nice and I plan on continuing my research before packing up in 10 days time," she said, stressing that the incident had shaken her up but not frightened her.
we will be prepared before very long."
However with only one day to go before the historic referendum, the number of undecided voters remained extremely high at 38 percent.
Nkomo, who repeated an earlier warning of civil war, said whites who "perpetuate racial friction" should "move out of our country before it is too late."
Australia was in early command, powering on two tries in the opening 14 minutes to lead 21-13 by halftime, but encountered stubborn resistance in the second half before completing their scoring with a try to flanker Ilie Tabua.
Lynagh kicked his first penalty before flanker David Wilson pushed the lead to 15-3 with his burrowing try off a forward drive in the 14th minute, when Australia looked set for a high-scoring afternoon.
Dubbed a "moderniser" in the party, Blair trained as a lawyer before being elected an MP in 1983 and rose quickly through the party ranks.
Red Cross medical ship waits for safety guarantees  GENEVA, June 11 (AFP)  A Red Cross ship was waiting off the southern Yemeni port of Aden for safety guarantees Saturday before unloading emergency medical supplies for war wounded, the organization said here.
But the ship was waiting for the all-clear from forces loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh and those of his southern rival and former vice president Ali Salem al-Baid before unloading.
People here are very nice and I plan on continuing my research before packing up in 10 days time," she said, stressing that the incident had shaken her up but not frightened her.
But Hennie Le Roux, who took over kicking duties, eventually levelled the scores with a penalty five minutes before the break.
An eyewitness reported seeing a young man climb into an expensive automobile moments before it exploded.
The ceremony took place at an auspicious time chosen by Hindu astrologers and each truck was blessed before it rolled out of the plant.
An eyewitness reported seeing a young man climb into an expensive automobile moments before it exploded.
A UN leader said a clarification of the report was due to be published in the coming days and would take into account "positive developments" communicated by Denktash before the report was published.
Sampras ties up Queen's final place  LONDON, June 11 (AFP)  World number one Pete Sampras saved a match point before surging back for victory against Sweden's giantkiller Jan Apell in the semi-finals of ATP event at London's Queen's Club on Saturday.
An eyewitness reported seeing a young man climb into an expensive automobile moments before it exploded.
A witness reported seeing a young man climb into an expensive automobile moments before it exploded.
Germany takes over the presidency of the EU for its scheduled six- month tenure July 1, before handing over to France at the start of 1995.
But in the second half, the Springboks managed to convert their advantage into points, outplaying the English in every aspect of the game, just as they had been outplayed by the tourists a week before in Pretoria.
Springbok flyhalf Hennie Le Roux slotted two second half penalties, to add to his first half success, before charging through his opposite number, Rob Andrew, to score the match's first try in the 71st minute.
Berzin leads Pantani by 2min 55sec and Tour de France champion Indurain by 3min 23 before Sunday's final 198km flat stage from Turin to Milan.
Nigerian opposition seeks compromise after Abiola arrest  LAGOS, June 11 (AFP)  Members of Nigeria's opposition Saturday moved to seek a compromise with the country's military rulers after Moshood Abiola, the presumed winner of Nigeria's presidential poll a year ago, was put under house arrest before he could declare a rebel government.
There were few signs of tension, however, in downtown Lagos, 48 hours before the start of a week of civil disobedience called for by Campaign for Democracy militants in the opposition.
But in the second half, the Springboks managed to convert their advantage into points, outplaying the English in every aspect of the game, just as they had been outplayed by the tourists a week before in Pretoria.
Springbok fly half Hennie Le Roux slotted two second half penalties, to add to his first half success, before charging through his opposite number, Rob Andrew, to score the match's first try in the 71st minute.
Vail, site of the 1989 world finals, received more than 60 million dollars in revenue from hosting the event before.
In the semi-finals, Duggleby defeated last year's South African champion Amanda-Jane Adamson 2 and 1 while Morgue D'algue went two extra holes before beating defending champion Catriona Matthew.
But the batting side, without four first-teamers, went on to make 286 for nine declared -- before claiming two early New Zealand wickets to leave them on 4 for 2.
But the best innings of the day came from Mark Alleyne who compiled a determined 70 -- his first half-century of the season -- before being bowled by spinner Shane Thomson.
Leicestershire keep up momentum  LONDON, June 11 (AFP)  Leicestershire and Durham notched up emphatic wins on Saturday just 72 hours before the sides clash in their Britannic Assurance County Championship matches.
Lancashire were earlier dismissed for 286, but not before Mike Watkinson and Peter Martin had extended their last-wicket partnership to 115.
There was no immediate confirmation of the raid which came hours before southern officials expected UN peace envoy Lakhdar Brahimi to hold talks with Baid in Mukalla.
In Geneva, the International Committe of the Red Cross said one of its ships was waiting off Aden for safety guarantees before unloading emergency medical supplies for war wounded.
UN officials said Friday they expected 48 hours to elapse before news of the ceasefire filtered down to the last of troops in the war zones.
Brocco, a pre-race favorite, was scratched just before the start following a bruised right hoof suffered in a workout Thursday.
Italian fans dominated here, but jeered their side after a goal-less first half just as Rome fans did in a 1-0 victory over the Swiss side nine days before.
Brocco, a pre-race favorite, was scratched just before the start following a bruised right hoof suffered in a workout Thursday.
There was no immediate confirmation of the airport attack, which came hours before southern officials had expected UN peace envoy Lakhdar Brahimi to hold talks with Baid in Mukalla.
In Geneva, the International Committee of the Red Cross announced that one of its ships was waiting off Aden for safety guarantees before unloading emergency medical supplies for the wounded.
One of the party's organizers said an armed man had tried to break into the party just before the blast.
"From today, my government of national unity is the only legitimate authority of the Nigerian federal republic," Abiola declared in a speech in Lagos before a crowd of nearly three thousand people.
Transportation Secretary Federico Pena said Friday that "serious questions have been raised regarding the timeliness of the agency's actions over the past several years," before President Bill Clinton took office in January 1993.
Even before the war broke out on May 5, Yemen's economy was reeling under heavy debt, inflation, negative growth, unemployment and deficits in its budget and balance of payments.
Saudi Arabia and other Gulf Arab states were the main aid donors to Yemen before they froze assistance following the invasion.
Three other tourists hung to the dangling gangway for more than an hour before being rescued.
They monitored his condition for two weeks before deciding that he should be treated.
The three were said to have robbed the tourists and then locked them in the hold of the boat before setting it ablaze, killing everyone on board.
The reports also said that the bodies of the 15 massacred hostages had been recovered and had been taken to the local church to lie in state before burial.
The four Australian manufacturers also are looking at better times as fleet buyers, business customers and private buyers all return to the market in increasing numbers, with many expected to buy before the end of the financial year on June 30.
He also called on Haitians to demonstrate their unity "before the enemy."
"We made a thorough evaluation of the aircraft before finally deciding on the purchase," Defence Minister Najib Tun Razak was quoted saying by the New Sunday Times weekly.
Najib, apparently annoyed by Narzikulov's remarks, said the Russian was unaware of the tough evaluation carried out by Kuala Lumpur on the MiG before Malaysia agreed to buy the fighters almost two years after they were first offered to Malaysia's airforce.
The three were said to have robbed the tourists and then locked them in the hold of the boat before setting it ablaze, killing everyone on board.
The Taiwan government stepped up the pressure on China after families of the dead tourists complained that they had not been allowed to inspect the bodies before their cremation, and alleged that the incident had all the hallmarks of a crime which had been poorly covered up.
Meanwhile, an International Committee of the Red Cross ship carrying 2.5 tonnes of medical supplies has been waiting off Aden since Saturday for security guarantees from the warring parties before unloading.
With a Test against the All Blacks two weeks away, France were again experimenting as they tried to get over the shock defeat to Canada before arriving in New Zealand.
The only exception in in Luxembourg, where EU nationals must have resided in the Duchy for a minimum of five years before voting rights are conferred.
The process takes one year before a passport is granted and holders can vote and run for parliament.
The reports also said that the bodies of the 15 massacred hostages had been recovered and taken to the local church to lie in state before burial.
But union leaders urged limited action, starting on Monday, before going into a full-scale strike.
Rangers have not won the Cup since 1940 and coach Mike Keenan will have to motivate his team, particularly his attacking lines, before the decisive match.
Meanwhile, an International Committee of the Red Cross ship carrying 2.5 tonnes of medical supplies has been waiting off Aden since Saturday for security guarantees from the warring parties before unloading.
If convicted Sharif could be disqualified as a member of parliament under a new law enacted before October's elections -- in which he lost power to Bhutto -- which declares bank loan defaulters ineligible to take up a seat in the House.
Thirty-four members of the neo-Nazi Afrikaner Resitance Movement have been arrested and charged in connection with a spate of bombings that killed 21 people in the three days before the first all-race elections in April.
While homosexual groups such as The Mattachine Society and Society for Individual Rights existed before Stonewall, the riots sparked a bigger and stronger movement.
Projected results were not expected before polling stations close at 9:00 p.m. (1900 GMT).
But the laws do not call for mandatory environmental impact studies before industrial projects are approved.
St George struggled with only 12 men for 63 minutes before succumbing 24-14 to the Knights.
He said Lebanon was waiting for progress between the two before pressing claims for Israeli troops to withdraw from southern Lebanon.
The rebels said then, however, that before accepting the agreement they had to present it to their supporters in the Indian peasant communities in Chiapas.
The Lubavitch, particularly active behind the Iron Curtain before the Soviet empire broke up, claim to have some 200,000 followers and one million sympathisers.
Blacks and Hasidim engaged in street battles and rock and bottle- throwing matches for days before a semblance of peace was restored to the Brooklyn neighborhood.
Shortly before the closure the interior ministry said it had registered 22 technical problems affecting the electronic network of 6,000 machines, where electors voted for a list of candidates flashed up on a screen.
Counting began as soon as polling ended, but the interior ministry is not due to release results before 10:00 p.m. (2000 GMT) Sunday.
General Bashir told a rally of supporters here that SPLA forces had not expected the government advance in the southern state of Eastern Equatoria Saturday and had been driven out of the town before they could use their weapons and equipment.
Government undercover agent sues newspaper, television over failed Waco raid  WACO, Texas, June 12 (AFP)  A federal agent who penetrated the Branch Davidian compound before a failed raid last year is suing a newspaper and television station saying they tipped off the cult and caused a firefight that killed ten people.
Robert Rodriguez, an agent with the US Bureau of Alcohol, Tobaccco and Firearms, said the Waco Tribune-Herald and KWTX-TV tipped off cult leader David Koresh before the February 28, 1993 gunbattle erupted between the cult and agents so the media could make money covering the battle.
Rodriguez, who left the compound before the gun battle, is suing claiming mental anguish and emotional distress.
The newspaper began the series the day before the raid.
Fourteen suspects, with another three on the run, appeared before Cairo military court for the bombing last August which killed three passers-by in downtown Cairo.
The new weapons being used by the socialists (in the south) have come from sources different from those we were familiar with" before the country's unification in May 1990.
The rebels said then, however, that before accepting the agreement they had to present it to their supporters in the Indian peasant communities in Chiapas.
Centre Mike Hall crossed for two of the tries and captain Ieuan Evans scored the third despite being badly shaken in a collision shortly before halftime.
Winger Evans came out for the second half but only stayed on the field long enough to score a try before being replaced by Tony Clement.
He said officially, Sindikubwabo and his entourage are to spend about a week in northwestern Gisenyi before returning to Gitarama, located 50 kilometres (30 miles) south of the capital.
Military sources said it is unlikely the rebels would agree to lay down their weapons before capturing Gitarama, which is strategically located, and would mark a symbolic victory for them.
He took the second tie-break by the same score, Sampras saving three match points before a fierce smash clinched Martin's third career title and his first victory over his compatriot in four meetings.
The Greens' share of the vote was stable at 6.5 percent (6.4), while the liberal Free Democrats (FDP) fell to 6.5 percent from 10.6 percent four years before.
Final definitive results including postal votes by Austrians living abroad will not be known before June 20.
Washington seeks US-Japan trade talks conclusion before G-7 summit  WASHINGTON, June 12 (AFP)  Washington would like to conclude trade talks with Tokyo before the July G-7 meeting in Italy, but no date has been set yet US ambassador to Japan Walter Mondale said Sunday.
A private television poll taken just before polls on the mainland closed at 1700 GMT gave the Socialists and the PSD eight to nine seats each, with the CDS and the CDU each taking three or four.
Determined opener Pocock, who earlier helped the in-form Bryan Young (87) add 164 for the third wicket, went on to complete an unbeaten, four-hour 103 before New Zealand declared their first innings at 295 for five, nine runs ahead.
On Sunday, they lifted the siege, hours after he left the house for a venue in central Lagos where he made his declarations before disappearing into hiding.
The far-right Republicans were down to three to 3.5 percent, against 7.1 percent before, meaning they are out of the European parliament.
Berger and Hakkinen both made pit-stops before renewing their dogfight for the fourth place, with Coulthard hanging on in sixth.
But batting again became a struggle after the big-hitting Australian was trapped leg before by John Stephenson, and Worcestershire suffered a mini-collapse.
They found themselves 104 for four before England wicketkeeper Steven Rhodes saw them home with 6.5 overs to spare.
Berger and Hakkinen both made pit-stops before renewing their dogfight for the fourth place, with Coulthard hanging on in sixth for his first Grand Prix points.
The far-right Republicans won 3.5 to 3.7 percent, against 7.1 percent before, meaning they are out of the European parliament.
The far-right Republicans won 3.5 to 3.7 percent, against 7.1 percent before, meaning they are out of the European parliament.
Janzen finished his triumph by dropping an eight-foot putt on the final hole, making him the first PGA player since Gene Littler in 1962 to win the wek before defending his Open title.
Rocard, who tried to revive the left with a call for a "new alliance" before the vote, said he would throw "all his strength" into rallying leftist forces.
The full results are not expected before Monday lunchtime.
"We know that the coming of the Messiah is somewhat of a miracle, so God can make even a greater miracle and bring him back to life," said Rabbi Shea Hecht, a member of the sect which believes that the Jewish savior is to transform life on Earth before his death, not after resurrection.
Blacks and Hasidim engaged in street battles and rock and bottle- throwing matches for days before a semblance of peace was restored to the Brooklyn neighborhood.
Mexican president to visit Cuba  HAVANA, June 12 (AFP)  Mexican President Carlos Salinas de Gortari is to visit Havana on Monday and meet with Cuban President Fidel Castro before the two leaders head to the Ibero-American summit in Colombia.
"We know that the coming of the Messiah is somewhat of a miracle, so God can make even a greater miracle and bring him back to life," said Rabbi Shea Hecht, a member of the sect which believes that the Jewish savior is to transform life on Earth before his death, not after resurrection.
Blacks and Hasidim engaged in street battles and rock and bottle- throwing matches for days before a semblance of peace was restored to the Brooklyn neighborhood.
   Sweden, Romania draw 1-1 in World Cup warm-up     MISSION VIEJO, California, June 12 (AFP) - Romania and Sweden played to a  1-1 draw here here Sunday in the last warm-up match for both teams before the  World Cup.
Polite, industrious but but completely lacking in charisma, Matutes comes from a wealthy family in Ibiza and started out as a professional footballer before turning to business, where he quickly prospered.
Born in Larisa, central Greece, 51-year old Christodoulou notably studied economics in the United States before becoming director of Greece's national bank for investments and industrial development (Eteba) in 1974.
He served as president of Olympic Airways between 1977 and 1979, before being named president of the Greek national bank.
The three-day summit was also to welcome Yasser Arafat, whose Palestine Liberation Organisation is the latest liberation movement to be recognised by the OAU, before he heads to the West Bank town of Jericho now enjoying self-rule from Israel.
On Saturday, African foreign ministers meeting before the summit denounced the killings there as "crimes against humanity" and demanded an immediate a ceasefire in fighting between government and rebel forces.
Jimmy Carter due in Seoul on Monday, en route to Pyongyang  SEOUL, June 13 (AFP)  Former US president Jimmy Carter was scheduled to arrive here Monday before crossing the demilitarized zone into North Korea to meet with President Kim Il-Sung, US embassy officials said.
The officials said they understood that Carter, whose visits here and to the North were being described as "private," would meet with South Korean President Kim Young-Sam on Tuesday before making the crossing through the border truce village of Panmunjom.
"The things we were told we were going to have we would like to have," Peres told reporters before leaving.
Three years before the British colony reverts to China, housing prices are impossibly high, and look set to stay that way despite Governor Chris Patten's pledge to cool the sizzling property market.
The first reliable projections were expected after 10:00 a.m. and final results for individual parties between two and four hours later, although the successful candidates will not be known before 6:00 p.m. (1600 GMT).
Foster named deep-sea exploration as one new area interesting Esso, but he added that the firm would carefully evaluate the field before moving into it.
World Cup ticket wrangles hot up  CHICAGO, Illinois, June 12 (AFP)  Thousands of World Cup tickets remain unsold just five days before the start of the evet -- and fans unhappy with their tickets are heading to the courts.
"My last words will be European," he told a Brussels newspaper just before Sunday's parliamentary vote.
Price stability remains goal, but banks vary on rates: BIS  BASLE, Switzerland, June 13 (AFP)  Price stability remains the ultimate goal of the main central banks but they vary more now than before on interest rate policy during a recession, the central bankers' bank said here Monday.
Back to the drawing board for England  JOHANNESBURG, June 13 (AFP)  England have a year's hard work ahead of them before the 1995 rugby union World Cup in South Africa.
Even before Kim Young-Sam succeeded then-president Roh Tae-Woo to the presidency in February of 1993, the opposition had seized on the train as a major election issue, criticising it as cripplingly costly.
With Siemens back in the game, the government extended its deadline to December 31, then again to March 31 before the Korea High Speed Railway Construction Authority (KHRC) said on April 16 that the contract had been awarded to GEC-Alsthom at a price of 2.1 billion dollars.
    BELGIUM: Jean Gol, Wilfried Maartens     FRANCE:  Michel Rocard, Dominique Baudis, Bernard Tapie,              Philippe de Villiers     GERMANY: Daniel Cohn-Bendit     GREECE:  Nana Mouskouri, Christos Papoutsis,              Efthymios Christodoulou     ITALY:   Umberto Bossi, Gianfranco Fini, Achille Occhetto     NETHERLANDS: Hanja Maij-Weggen, Hedy d'Ancona, Piet Dankert     PORTUGAL: Manuel Monteiro, Eurico Silva Teixeira de Melo     SPAIN:   Fernando Moran, Abel Matutes     SEOUL:          Former US president Jimmy Carter arrives here                     before crossing the demilitarized zone for                     talks with isolationist North Korean President                     Kim Il-Sung, as the United States moves towards                     mild sanctions over the North's nuclear                     standoff.
The helicopters touched down for a few minutes after dusk near Forzol and left before a Lebanese army patrol could arrive at the scene, they said.
The former Democratic president declined to make any comment on his trip before being whisked away to the US embassy residence, where he will stay with Laney, an old friend and fellow Georgian, US embassy officials said.
A South Korean presidential aide said Carter, whose visits here and to the North are described as private, would meet with South Korean President Kim Young-Sam Tuesday before making the crossing.
The British UN forces responded by firing 80 7.62 mm shots before withdrawing a short distance.
In Paris, the CAC 40 index had slumped by 2.04 percent by mid morning, falling to 1,979.57 points, the lowest point since July 1993, shortly before European monetary authorities were forced to relax rules applying to the European exchange rate mechanism.
Commercial Union was down 17 pence to 516 as the market considered the details of its proposed 12.5-billion-franc bid for the French insurer Groupe Victoire which were announced just before the close of trading on Friday.
Even the final surveys before the election had put the main rivals about level, with possibly just a slight lead for the CDU-CSU.
He held talks with Saleh in Sanaa last week before visiting Jordan, Saudi Arabia and Oman.
"The people or the parties causing the war in Cambodia must accept that they, not me, will be responsible for their acts before our nation, our people and the history of Kampuchea," the king said.
The government was contemplating putting a motion to this effect before parliament but postponed it when the king called for peace talks, the offical said.
The FRC was first based in Iraq before switching to Syria in the early 1980s, and has accused Arafat of treason for his more moderate stance.
UN officials were to assess the success of the operation before deciding whether to continue evacuations Tuesday, UN spokesman Major Jean-Guy Plante said.
Viglen made pretax profit before exceptional items of nine million pounds in the year to March.
Castro, 18, denied both charges and will appear before the same court on July 7 for trial.
Rowell, who took over at short notice before England South African tour, pointed out: "Next year we have the World Cup back in South Africa, where, obviously, we hope to play six Tests.
Forwards should abstain for six days before a game "or risk losing concentration."
He also suggested switching forwards after two games, "so they can have sex and wait several days before returning to the field of play."
But his return to Jericho and Gaza, which came under self-rule a month ago after 27 years of Israeli occupation, may now not take place before the end of the month, at the earliest.
He said that before the polls Sunday he had done his calculations and decided to "invest" in 25 candidates for the poll, taking into account in particular campaign fees refunds allowed under election regulations.
British experts unearth Christian presence on Gulf island  ABU DHABI, June 13 (AFP)  British archaeologists excavating on a small Gulf island have unearthed evidence of Christian civilisation before the advent of Islam, a member of the team said Monday.
A South Korean  presidential aide said Carter would meet South Korean President Kim Young-Sam  Tuesday before making the crossing on Wednesday, but officials are stressing  the private nature of the visit.
Britain renews demand for two Libyans in Lockerbie bombing  LONDON June 13 (AFP)  Britain Monday renewed its demand that two Libyans be brought before a Scottish or a US court to answer charges concerning the bombing of a US airliner over Scotland in 1988.
Final results of Euro-poll expected Tuesday in Ireland  DUBLIN, June 13 (AFP)  Final results of the European elections in Ireland are not expected before Tuesday because of a ballot recount in one district, it was announced here Monday.
A partial lifting is not expected before next year.
And the Iraqi quota -- which stood at 3.2 million b/d before the 1990 invasion of Kuwait -- was likely to be around 1.5 million b/d.
before Christ," as had been the case at the start of the second millenium, a reference to the 11th century schism which separated Rome and Constantinople, the pope said.
More than 60 units were privatized by Sharif before a political crisis ended his term mid-way in July last year.
Arafat bids farewell to Tunis at OAU summit  TUNIS, June 13 (AFP)  PLO chairman Yasser Arafat said farewell to his Tunis headquarters in a speech before the annual summit of the Organisation of African Unity (OAU) here Monday.
"We are only bidding farewell to fraternal Tunisia in order to return to Palestine," he said, before going on to outline the challenges facing Palestinian self-rule.
In London, Britain renewed its demand Monday that the two Libyans be brought before a Scottish or a US court to answer the charges.
Picture                     by Sue Kendall     MEXICO CITY:    Tensions climb as hopes dim for a peaceful                     settlement of the Chiapas conflict before                     the August 21 national elections after rebels                     rejected the government's peace plan.
UN officials were to assess the success of the operation before deciding whether to continue evacuations Tuesday, UN spokesman Major Jean-Guy Plante said.
Also addressing the gathering Monday, Palestine Liberation Organisation (PLO) chairman Yasser Arafat paid tribute to Tunisia for hosting the PLO for almost 12 years, before the movement takes its headquarters "back to Palestine" following its accords over Jericho and the Gaza Strip with Israel.
Political temperature rises after rebels spurn government peace plan by Noel Lorthiois  MEXICO CITY, June 13 (AFP)  The rejection of a peace plan by rebels in southern Mexico has led to mounting tensions as hopes dimmed for a peaceful settlement of the conflict before the August 21 national elections.
Baghdad could also contest the 60-40 split in proceeds between Turkey and Iraq in favour of Turkey, which was agreed in principle before it was decided the UN Compensation Fund would have a share.
Foster, whose death was ruled a suicide, had access to the Whitewater file and questions have been raised about White House staff removing papers after his death, before police could begin their investigation.
According to the Havana diplomat, the truck circled the embassy grounds ringed by iron gates before crashing through the entrance gates at about 5:15 a.m. (915 GMT).
The incident occurred the day before both the arrival of Mexican President Carlos Salinas de Gortari and the opening of the fourth IberoAmerican summit in Cartegena, Colombia where Cuban President Fidel Castro is to participate.
The neurologist said Wendlinger, who was in a controlled coma for more than three weeks after the May accident before being flown back from Nice to Austria, "took his first steps while being supported".
After the welcoming ceremony the Japanese imperial couple met with the US president and First Lady inside the White House before returning to Blair House, just across the road, where they are staying during the Washington leg of their US tour.
Baid, before receiving the envoy in the eastern city of Mukalla, wants him to visit Aden "to see for himself the deterioration of the humanitarian situation here," a YSP official said, declining to be named.
The Bosnian war leader, accompanied by his wife Lilia, told journalists at the airport he had received his award for "poems written before the start of my political career."
The resolution also could contain a grace period before the sanctions go into effect.
Commercial Union was down 25 pence to 508 as the market considered the details of its proposed 12.5-billion-franc bid for the French insurer Groupe Victoire which were announced just before the close of trading on Friday.
His explanation was that guerrilla movements in Africa including the ANC of South Africa, SWAPO of Namibia and the FRELIMO party before it won national independence in Mozambique have all traditionally used children.
In a hearing before the judge, Tyson acknowleged that he exercised "bad judgment" but added, "I have done no criminal conduct ...
The plaintiffs' lead lawyer, Brian O'Neill, said Exxon had discovered more than one year before the spill that Hazelwood had resumed drinking after undergoing treatment for alcoholism in 1985.
They said Hazelwood, before going to his quarters, had ordered Cousins to turn the ship but the officer failed to execute it.
Asked whether Palestine Liberation Organisation (PLO) chairman Yasser Arafat would be allowed to visit Jerusalem, he said: "Arafat has not asked and we are not so quick as to give answers before we get the question."
It was Brazil's last warm-up before their opening match in San Francisco on June 20 against Russia.
Attas also called for the withdrawal of northern forces to the old border that existed before the unification of Yemen in May 1990.
More than 250,000 Somalis died before the United States intervened with troops and aid in December 1992.
The hospital spokesman on Monday explained doctors wanted to discuss the situation with Prior's wife before making an official announcement.
The British troops fired back with 80 rounds before withdrawing a short distance.
Gloucestershire, 81 ahead at start of play, were gifted 278 runs in 41 overs before lunch as batsmen Martin Crowe and Bryan Young and then wicket keeper Adam Parore, minus pads, bowled to orders, serving up assorted rubbish.
The Jordanian monarch has undergone examinations twice yearly following surgery to remove a cancerous kidney, a source said in Amman before King Hussein left Jordan.
Picture                     by Allan Kelly     MEXICO CITY:    Tensions climb as hopes dim for a peaceful                     settlement of the Chiapas conflict before                     the August 21 national elections after rebels                     rejected the government's peace plan.
Only hours before the team was due to leave Lagos, team officials were informed there was a problem with their visas.
Now, instead of arriving at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport early Monday evening, the team will not arrive before 5:00 a.m. Tuesday.
Foster, whose death was ruled a suicide, had access to the Whitewater file and questions have been raised about White House staff removing papers after his death, before police could begin their investigation.
Janzen is the first golfer in 32 years to win a PGA event the week before defending his Open title.
Akihito later laid a wreath before the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington National Cemetery across the Potomac river in Virginia.
After the welcoming ceremony the Japanese imperial couple met with the US president and First Lady inside the White House before returning to Blair House, just across the road, where they are staying during the Washington leg of their US tour.
The Canadian government warned its citizens Monday to leave Haiti before the flight ban goes into effect but a spokesman said only some 250 of the some 2,500 Canadians living there wanted to leave ahead of the deadline.
US challenge alive and kicking by Rebecca Bryan  MISSION VIEJO, California, June 13 (AFP)  America's World Cup challenge may have been declared dead even before it has started, but the tournament hosts  refuse to accept the diagnosis.
Now before each training session Kim and Byshovets, with the help of an interpreter, go over each new move.
Death leads to match-ban  MONTEVIDEO, June 13 (AFP)  All official and friendly football matches involving first division teams have been suspended in Uruguay until further notice following the death of a young fan before Sunday's match between Nacional and Penarol.
The truck circled the embassy grounds ringed by iron gates before crashing through the entrance gates at about 5:15 a.m. (0915 GMT), according to a diplomat posted to Cuba.
Salinas arrived in Havana Monday for a 6-hour visit with Castro before the Ibero-American summit which begins Tuesday in Cartegena, Colombia.
"The FIFA medical committee encourages all players and team staff to drink liquids before, during and after matches," the sport's governing body said Monday.
Cameroon has tried to bring the case before the International Court of Justice in The Hague but has been opposed by Nigeria.
Both sides in a dispute must agree before the Court can adjudicate.
Police briefly handcuffed Simpson, 47, in his home here before taking him to police headquarters for questioning.
It was Brazil's last warm-up before their opening match in San Francisco on June 20 against Russia, when they are likely to be without centre-half Ricardo Gomes.
Nigeria has opposed a proposal by Cameroon to bring the case before the International Court of Justice in The Hague.
The detonation of a Chinese nuclear bomb on Friday, two days before Kakizawa's visit to Beijing, did not help matters.
South Korea had embarked on its own nuclear weapons program before it was stopped by Washington in the early 70s, and North Korea's links with nuclear-ambitious regimes in the Middle East worry Washington.
Nigeria has opposed a proposal by Cameroon to bring the case before the International Court of Justice in The Hague.
Feeling guilty about sex was "the outcome of the influence of China's 2,000-year-old feudal society" before the communists came to power in 1949, Jiang said, praising the government's achievements in promoting equality, advocating free marriage and improving educational and living standards.
The go-ahead for bringing plans up to date ahead of a possible sanctions against North Korea, came at a cabinet meeting Monday before North Korea said it would pull out of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Shortly before Almeida and Guedes were killed, Sao Paulo police discovered the body of a married couple who were members of the leftist Socialist Party of United Workers, which has joined the Workers' Party in a coalition.
Before the macabre discovery before dawn Monday, Almeida and Guedes had attended a meeting to discuss, ironically, the lack of public security in Rio de Janeiro.
Marseille said their French international was contacted by the Scottish champions on Monday and is expected to fly to Glasgow for a medical before signing.
North Korea used to send criminals to the camps before the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1989 but since then, it has been sending workers with clean personal backgrounds, said one defector.
In efforts to stop marriages of convenience by prospective immigrants, the government in January temporarily amended the immigration laws making it compulsory for marriages to last at least 10 years before a foreign spouse can be granted permament residence or citizenship.
The message was conveyed by Foreign Minister Han Sung-Joo over a two- hour lunch here before Carter's departure Wednesday for a four-day visit to the North during which he will meet with 82-year-old President Kim Il-Sung.
But before leaving he will hold talks with South Korean President Kim Young-Sam, who has been openly disconcerted by the trip and last month opposed it as counterproductive.
Middain warned, "collaborators who participated in the murder of other Palestinians could be sentenced to death under article 36 of the (Egyptian) penal code in force before the 1967 occupation."
Dollar nervously lower ahead of US May consumer price data  LONDON, June 14 (AFP)  The dollar remained weak against the main European currencies early on Tuesday morning before the publication of US May consumer price data later in the day.
Suhaili said the proposed mill in Sarawak could be gas-driven initially before tapping power from a 15 billion ringgit hydro- electric dam to be built nearby in 10 years' time.
US press reports say he may stop off in Vietnam before or after the visit.
Soriano, who earlier said the army would refuse to pay for the freedom of the hostages, admitted a ransom had been paid, but denied he had been informed of the move beforehand.
The Russian president made the comments in talks with journalists before leaving for a three-day visit to Russia's far east.
Abu Dhabi, the main oil producer in the UAE, owned 77 percent of BCCI before it was shut worldwide in July 1991 for allegations of massive fraud and liquidated a year later.
Pangalos said Yeltsin would attend a pre-summit dinner with the EU leaders on Thursday next week to discuss world issues, before signing the partnership accord on Friday.
Chernomyrdin interrupted his vacation in southern Russia earlier this month and flew to Germany for medical tests before returning to Moscow last week.
The LDP ended its 38-year grip on Japanese politics in lower house general elections last July, while the SDP left the ruling coalition just before Hata formed the cabinet.
"We came to Jericho because with the Palestinian authority here, it is now safe," Wawi said, adding the men had got the green light from the PLO leadership in Tunis before coming out here.
Soriano, who earlier said he would refuse to pay for the freedom of the hostages, admitted money had changed hands but denied he had been informed beforehand.
His comments came two weeks before the Legislative Council is to adopt the final stage of Governor Chris Patten's political reforms, which had triggered a breakdown in Sino-British relations after they were unveiled in October 1992.
Qian's remarks also coincided with continuing talks between delegations of experts in Hong Kong on the vexed issue of British military sites, most of which London wants to see given over to civilian use before 1997.
"US companies have made tremendous efforts and we believe there is still great potential for further progress," he said in a statement The 20 percent share mark for US semiconductor companies was passed for the first time in the 1992 fourth quarter, but then fell back over the next three quarters to 18.1 percent before rising to 20.7 percent in the last quarter of last year.
Air Liberte and AOM have laid a complaint about arrangements at Heathrow before the commission, and on Monday employees of Air Liberte delayed the departure of the first British Airways flights from Orly.
Yeltsin was to end his working visit with a short stopover in Novosibirsk to meet with local administrators before returning to Moscow on Friday.
Beckwith, who served 30 years in the military before retiring in 1981 to run a private security company, was in charge of the top-secret missions of the Army's elite anti-terrorist Delta Force.
For its part Sanaa proposed on June 10 that a joint military committee of north and south -- formed before war erupted on May 5 -- should oversee a ceasefire.
The UN envoy was expected to travel on to Qatar before visiting Jordan.
He said the meeting could now not take place before the European summit meeting at Corfu on June 24 and 25.
In April, the index stood at 147.5, before seasonal adjustments, compared with 144.2 in April.
Britain also renewed its demand that the two Libyans be brought before a Scottish or a US court to answer the charges.
He studied in Alexandria before leaving for the United States in 1959 where he became president of the Arab students' organization.
Gains this week should be limited before the quarterly expiration Friday of several options linked to stock indexes, she said, adding that the so-called "witching hour" generally alters the direction of the market.
The ad went on to warn that although a 6.42-billion-US-dollar budget for the plant -- Taiwan's fourth -- has already been passed by parliament, the group would "employ every means to destroy the plant before it harms the people."
The delegation told reporters during a stopover in Beijing on Tuesday that the Chinese source indicated the possibility of talks before the delegation left the Chinese capital for Pyongyang, the Japanese reports said.
The policeman is also to appear before a departmental hearing next month which could give him a formal reprimand, or sack him outright.
Police briefly handcuffed Simpson, 47, before taking him to police headquarters for questioning for three hours.
1.5 million Mozambicans in need of emergency food aid  HARARE, June 14 (AFP)  Up to 1.5 million Mozambicans will require food aid before the next harvest in April 1995, due to poor yields, the World Food Programme (WFP) said Tuesday.
Since the Mozambican government and the RENAMO rebels signed the peace accord to end a 17-year civil war in 1992, some 900,000 refugees have returned home and another half-a-million are expected before April next year.
He said the refugees were denied jobs, had their identity papers seized and some of them forced to move into camps before leaving the country.
Frugh urged the Iranian authorities and UNHCR "not to send back the refugees before ensuring they can be taken care of" on their return.
The SPD setback was all the more galling as it had headed opinion polls throughout the winter before seeing its lead over the CDU/CSU whittled away in recent weeks.
Fellow Scot Vikki McPherson has been asked to stand by in case McColgan is advised to wait a little longer before launching her bid for European Championship and Commonwealth Games honours later in the summer.
The cardinals said that the absence of norms governing "the obligation of humanitarian intervention will continue to render ineffective the nations of the world before such tragedies as now threaten the lives of the most innocent in Rwanda".
It also authorised police, with prosecutors' approval, to gain access to any information able to establish the guilt of a suspect before criminal investigations are officially opened.
The CAC 40 index was down a sizable 1.07 percent at the opening and then fluctuated the bulk of the day before getting onto an uptrend that brought a gain of 0.72 percent by the close, as the indicator stood at 1,991.99 points.
At the opening, the CAC 40 reached its lowest level since July 21 last year, a week before the European monetary crisis.
Her record-breaking run at Roland Garros, where she conceded only eight games before her defeat in the final to Arantxa Sanchez, could not have come at a better time for the women's game, bereft of top stars following the stabbing of Monica Seles and the pending retirement of Martina Navratilova.
Walter Mondale, US ambassador to Japan, said that Washington would like to reach an agreement before the next Group of Seven industrialized nations summit, set to begin July 6 in Naples, Italy.
The greenback fell to 1.6420 marks at mid-day before release of the report that American retail prices rose only 0.2 percent in May from April, though experts expected 0.3 percent, and the currency then firmed by late afternoon to 1.6450 marks - against its Monday evening close of 1.6480 marks.
He attended the Carnegie Institute of Technology and the Juilliard School of Music before being drafted into the Air Force in World War II.
The north had wanted a Yemeni commission dating back to before the outbreak of war on May 5 to oversee a ceasefire, while the south called for an international force.
Carlos Mozer, who plays for the Portuguese club Benfica, went down with hepatitis B before the team arrived in America and was replaced by Aldair who plays for Roma in Italy.
The Canadian leader met with both men during last week's D-Day anniversary celebrations, before he visited Canadian troops serving as United Nations peacekeepers in the former Yugoslavia.
Carlos Mozer, who plays for the Portuguese club Benfica, went down with hepatitis B before the team arrived in America and was replaced by Aldair who plays for Roma in Italy.
A Cuban Foreign Ministry spokesman said Monday the incident at the German mission was an "obvious provocation" aimed at embarrassing the Cuban government during a visit by Mexican President Carlos Salinas de Gotari and just before Castro's departure for the summit.
He attended the Carnegie Institute of Technology and the Juilliard School of Music before being drafted into the Air Force in World War II.
He was considered a loyal supporter of Mobutu before going over to the opposition in 1990.
Tottenham chairman Alan Sugar had argued that the misdemeanours, which involved loans to players, had occurred before he took over the club.
The north had wanted a Yemeni commission dating back to before the outbreak of the war on May 5 to oversee a ceasefire, while the south called for an international force.
It is the ninth time that Tottenham have been in the dock before the football authorities in modern times but easily the most severe punishment they have faced.
"The introduction of such a weapon into the Middle East, where it has not been seen before, would greatly increase the range of a delivery system of a potential weapon of mass destruction, and thereby be a very destabilizing action," he said.
In New York, US Ambassador Madeleine Albright was working at the United Nations on a resolution for sanctions to be put before the Security Council within the next two days, said State Department spokesman Michael McCurry.
"The introduction of such a weapon into the Middle East, where it has not been seen before, would greatly increase the range of a delivery system of a potential weapon of mass destruction, and thereby be a very destabilizing action," he said.
The imperial bandwagon moves on on Wednesday to Monticello, the elegant Virginia home of founding father and third president Thomas Jefferson, before heading north for a visit to New York and the United Nations.
The two had attended their daughter's dance recital Sunday evening before Nicole Simpson went with friends to a restaurant near her home.
"At the moment, all plans are dead," said Oregon Senator Bob Packwood, whose finance committee must approve the bill before it can go to the Senate as a whole.
Clinton, who is hoping to get an agreement before Congress adjourns for the summer, called the committee to the White House and appealed to lawmakers not to force a vote on the bill until they reached a compromise that would assure congressional approval.
"There is more excitment in Lagos," complained the 26-year-old, referring to the hundreds of fans who mobbed players at the airport before they took off.
Clarifying the position of the north, the spokesman said Sanaa had agrreed only "to examine the possibility of reactivating" a joint military commission, formed before the outbreak of the war, to monitor a truce.
A resolution may be put before the Security Council within the next two days.
It also authorised police, with prosecutors' approval,  to gain access to any information able to establish the guilt of a suspect  before criminal investigations are officially opened.
Carlos Mozer, who plays for the Portuguese club Benfica, went down with hepatitis B before the team arrived in America and was replaced by Aldair who plays for Roma in Italy.
But with only days left before Italy's opening match against Ireland on Saturday, Sacchi's side has yet to demonstrate that it has absorbed his lessons.
Saudi Oil Minister Hisham Nazer made it clear that the kingdom wants to discourage speculation and uncertainties about OPEC's intentions by keeping its output ceiling unchanged and avoiding any ministerial meeting before next November's regular year-end caucus.
Japan's exhibition continues in Chicago till Friday, before switching to the hub of the World Cup operation in Los Angeles.
Carter and his wife Rosalynn, accompanied by several Carter Center staff and a State Department interpreter, crossed into North Korea from South Korea shortly before noon at the border truce village of Panmunjom.
Carter was greeted by North Korean Foreign Minister Kim Yong-Nam and then taken to the presidential guest house before meeting with President Kim Il-Sung later in the afternoon, CNN said.
The separation was successfully completed at just before 11 p.m. (2100 GMT) on Tuesday, but Nthabiseng died around 4 a.m. (0200 GMT) on Wednesday, the spokesman said.
Many office workers on the civil defence reserve rolls reported that they had been called out for mock-emergency drills for two hours before work, and an air raid drill was scheduled in Seoul early in the afternoon.
The Times said in its latest edition that the woman's throat was slashed, while Goldman's wounds indicated that he put up a fierce struggle before he died.
The two had attended their daughter's dance recital Sunday evening before Nicole Simpson went with friends to the restaurant.
Carter and his wife Rosalynn, accompanied by several Carter Center staff and a State Department interpreter, crossed into North Korea from South Korea shortly before noon at the border truce village of Panmunjom.
Carter was greeted by North Korean Foreign Minister Kim Yong-Nam and then taken to the opulent presidential guest house before meeting with President Kim Il-Sung later in the afternoon, CNN said in the report monitored in Tokyo.
Previous drills, since the inauguration of a civilian government in February 1993, had been staged regularly, but focused on preparations for floods and other national disasters Hours before the drill was launched Carter, accompanied by his wife Rosalynn, several aides and a US state department interpreter, crossed the heavily-fortified DMZ into North Korea for talks with octagenarian President Kim Il-Sung.
Carter, whose four-day visit is described as private, made no comment before being whisked by car to Pyongyang for talks that he hopes will be help end the standoff triggered 13 months ago by North Korea's suspected drive to build a nuclear bomb.
Messier, a veteran of past NHL champions with the Edmonton Oilers, allowed for the Rangers' curse when he spoke with coach Mike Keenan before the game.
"That's what I told Mike before the game -- you can't be afraid to slay the dragon."
The Rangers grabbed a 3-1 series lead before dropping a home game and road match to the Canucks.
The report said mine clearing would begin around the sites of command posts for the peacekeepers before being extended to other areas.
Carter and his wife Rosalynn, accompanied by several Carter Center staff and a State Department interpreter, crossed into North Korea from South Korea shortly before noon at the border truce village of Panmunjom.
They were then taken to the opulent presidential guest house before meeting President Kim Il-Sung later in the afternoon, according to the global news network monitored in Tokyo.
The Security Council is also expected to take several weeks before it votes on the US proposal, the daily said.
The fundamental agreement foresaw a four-month period before the establishment of full ties, but it took nearly six months.
But the announcement came amid an overall thaw in Sino-British contacts on Hong Kong, even as the final stage of Governor Chris Patten's democratic reforms -- bitterly opposed by Beijing -- go before legislators June 29.
The accusations dogged Hosokawa for several weeks before he decided he had to take "moral responsibility" for them and stepped down.
Miyama, who had been in charge of Hosokawa's financial affairs, surprised legislators by pausing extensively before answering the first question from Tsuruo Yamaguchi of the opposition Social Democratic Party, chairman of the budget committee.
He acknowleged that about 30 million yen (290,000 dollars) had been put into an account of Hosokawa's support group before going to his father-in-law.
There has been widespread concern among human rights groups and opposition parties in the wake of Mugabe's call to the ZANU-PF youth league last month to launch a door-to-door campaign ahead of the elections, which are due before March next year.
Abiola, who is considered to have comfortably won a presidential election held in June last year before it was annulled by the military, on Saturday gave police surrounding his Lagos residence the slip and declared himself "president and commander in chief of the armed forces of Nigeria."
The FT SE 100 index of leading shares rose by eight points before settling back to 3042.3, 2.7 points above the previous close.
In the autonomous Gaza Strip, 30 men charged with collaborating with Israel are expected to be brought before a military trial and may face the death sentence.
The spokesman said Sanaa had agreed only "to examine the possibility of reactivating" a joint military commission, formed before the outbreak of the war on May 5, to monitor a truce.
His suit before the Jerusalem district court alleges soldiers "aimed to kill, without warning and without reason".
The suit before the Jerusalem District Court blames the army for allowing the Jews to roam free while the Palestinians were put under curfew for eight days.
Faleh Hidewa, 48, was woken up before dawn by his dogs barking before dawn.
But they would have to relinquish majority control of banking operations before new branches could be allowed to open.
Bank of Nova Scotia's executive vice president for international banking, Calum Johnston, said in a statement released here from Toronto that the bank would incorporate its Malaysian branch before effecting the joint-venture.
Although Carter's mission is being presented as a private initiative organised through his Atlanta-based peace foundation, he met with top US officials before coming to the country.
The trial, already postponed from Tuesday, was again held over because two of the South Africans did not appear before the court and because there was no Portuguese-English interpreter despite an offer by the defence lawyer to find one.
Simpson was still in custody inside the prison on Wednesday and may be held for eight days in all under Angolan preventive detention legislation before being conditionally released, officials said.
It also authorised police, with prosecutors' approval, to gain access to any information that could establish the guilt of a suspect before criminal investigations are officially opened.
Under the charter, the 360-member House of Representatives is elected but the 270-member Senate was appointed by the junta before it disbanded and is still composed mostly of serving or retired military men and fiercely pro-military civilians.
Many analysts say the economic slowdown will persuade the Fed, which boosted short-term interest rates four times since February to head off inflationary pressures, to refrain from tightening credit again before August.
"It's unusual for there to be such a long silence of the guns," Mehu told AFP by telephone from Kigali shortly before four p.m. (1500 GMT).
Finnish bank Unitas reports loss for first quarter  HELSINKI, June 15 (AFP)  Finland's second-biggest commercial bank, Unitas, said Wednesday that it suffered a pre-tax loss before financial elements of 444 million Finnish marks (80.7 million dollars) for the year's first half, against a loss of 542 million (98.5 million dollars) for the same quarter last year.
President Mandela was met by Ivory Coast Prime Minister Daniel Kablan Duncan, before leaving again for Johannesburg.
"It's unusual for there to be such a long silence of the guns," Mehu told AFP by telephone from Kigali shortly before four p.m. (1500 GMT).
However, before the soldiers can move out of assembly camps their new army barracks still have to be prepared and so far there is no indication how long that will take.
So take a short, pre-holiday rest before setting off on a journey.
"If Turkey is placed before an accomplished fact concerning the territorial waters, the outcome will be very grave," Demirel said during an interview on board the Turkish frigate Fatih, which has been carrying out routine maneuvers in the Aegean Sea for a week.
He stressed that this year's conference had not forgotten Africa's dire economic straits and said that a special ministerial meeting devoted to this problem and to that of Africa's foreign debt will take place before the end of the year in the Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa, where the OAU headquarters is based.
Banda, believed to be in his nineties, moved to a former state residence named Mudi House, which he occupied before Sanjika Palace was built.
North Korean would be given one month, however, to meet the inspection demands of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) before the sanctions would be implemented.
The US draft resolution will have to be debated by the full Security Council before a vote is taken, including the two other permanent members, Russia and China 
The initial rollback in interest rates was attributed to a report showing US industrial production in May rose just 0.2 percent and that industrial capacity dropped to 83.5 percent from 83.6 percent the month before.
"I look forward to welcoming the Italian foreign minister here before the end of the month and to working closely with him," he said.
But Natwest Capital Markets analyst Stuart Frost commented that immediate intervention by central banks would risk acting as a red flag to the market, and "I think the central banks are going to wait for the dollar to be oversold and for operators to resume buying, before intervening to accentuate the movement".
Earlier Sanaa said it had only agreed "to examine the possibility of reactivating" a joint military commission formed before the war.
reopens (VIENNA) OPEC secretary-general Subroto said the organization did not plan any more meetings before next November 16.
OPEC secretary-general Subroto said the organization did not plan any more meetings before next November 16.
The ministers adjourned shortly before 7 PM (1700 GMT) after a two- hour "closed session", and they will meet again Thursday at 10 AM (0800 GMT) to discuss the only remaining agenda point -- choice of a successor to Subroto, whose term expires in August.
Neo-fascist controversy flares ahead of Berlusconi visit  BONN, June 15 (AFP)  German opposition leaders on Wednesday renewed criticism of the inclusion of neo-fascists in the government of Silvio Berlusconi, a day before a visit here by the Italian premier.
Carter, his wife Rosalynn, several staffers from Carter's Atlanta- based peace foundation and a State Department interpreter crossed into North Korea from South Korea shortly before noon at the border truce village of Panmunjom.
They were then taken to the presidential guest house before meeting President Kim, CNN said.
North Korea would be given one month to meet the inspection demands of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) before the sanctions would be implemented.
The US draft resolution will have to be debated by the full Security Council before a vote is taken.
"It's a shirt I've worn before every single international game.
But there has been widespread concern among human rights groups and opposition parties in the wake of Mugabe's call to the ZANU-PF youth league recently to launch a door-to-door campaign ahead of the elections, which are due before March next year.
The decision was announced by OPEC's new president, Libyan Oil Minister Abdallah Salem El Badri, as he emerged from a just over two- hour working session that ended shortly before 7 p.m. (1700 GMT).
Forcier said he heard a long whistling sound a few minutes before finding the stone.
They plummeted from 80p to 67p before bouncing back.
He added that a four-member Cabinet Committee he headed had found nothing underhand in the deal, signed by former president Frederik de Klerk on April 25 -- one day before the start of South Africa's historic first all-race election.
Most of the prisoners were being held in internee camps set up before the war broke out on May 5 between forces loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh and those of his southern rival and YSP leader Ali Salem al-Baid.
A dentist told how he had been plucked to safety moments before fierce flames reached a 19th floor ledge where he and three other people were trapped during the blaze.
The lifting of the embargo comes just weeks before Brazil is due to make a decision on its billion dollar purchase of radar stations, a contract sought by US and European firms.
Several experts told Wednesday's round table discussion before the House foreign affairs committee that the main problem was that Washington had failed to get its message across.
North Korea would be given one month to meet the inspection demands of the IAEA before the sanctions would be implemented.
The US draft resolution will have to be debated by the full Security Council before a vote is taken.
But the dollar held at 1.6330 before heading higher.
The French have agreed that their officers should hand over weapons before travelling on through-trains going to or from Waterloo Station in London.
He added: "This is an issue that needs to be thrashed out before the Channel tunnel becomes fully operational."
His critics say he has sold football's soul to commercial interests, but the trend had started before Havelange took over when matches were scheduled in Mexico's suffocating heat in 1970 to accommodate European television programmers.
Ironically, the Mexican coach at this year's tournament, Miguel Mejia Baron, is still unhappy with half of the matches kicking off before 1:00 p.m. "If  FIFA were to think more about football and less about business there would be night games," he said.
Mayor Rudolph Giuliani was so embarrassed by the weather's unhelpful behaviour he apologized at length to the royal couple when they met at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel before having dinner at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Understandably, all the media glare has been focussed on the Americans as they build up to their first appearance before a full 76,000 house at the breathtaking Pontiac Silverdome.
Hodgson and his team will get their first inspection of the Silverdome, about 30 kilometres (18 miles) north of here on Friday, hours before the World Cup kicks off at Chicago's Soldier Field where champions Germany take on Bolivia.
Hodgson has his team set, barring last minute glitches at training, but he will wait until the regulation hour before kick-off to make it public.
Patrick Ewing totaled 16 points and 15 rebounds before fouling out with less than two minutes to play.
To overcome a widening power gap, Vietnam has been concentrating on developing hydroelectric and gas-fired stations but many of the schemes are unlikely to be completed before the end of the century.
The pilot of the two-seater, Fouga jet -- once used by the French Air Force as a training aircraft -- reported landing gear problems before attempting to return to the airport.
Shortly before the state mechanism came to an end the Bulgarian government allowed a few players to go abroad and join wealthy clubs.
You work hard on one guy and just before he blossoms here you have to sell him," explained Georgi Vassilev, Levski's 47-year-old coach in a recent interview.
You work hard on one guy and just before he blossoms here you have to sell him," explained Georgi Vassilev, Levski's 47-year-old coach in a recent interview.
Briton Gabriel and US star Lou Reed were to front "Music and nature without Borders" on Saturday night before 15,000 fans at the Egyptian Red Sea resort of Taba, which straddles the border with Israel.
"I don't understand who could be against this concert," said Gabriel an Amnesty International supporter, who pointed out that he had refused to tour Israel before the PLO autonomy accord.
The government has insisted that Khmer Rouge agree to a truce before it makes a major political concession, by handing cabinet posts to guerrillas deemed "acceptable."
But the guerrillas say the plan is only acceptable provided the new power-sharing arrangement is introduced before the ceasefire.
The daily Sevodnia newspaper said in an editorial that the incident was surprising considering the strict security measures imposed on North Korean citizens in their own country "where they must undergo very strict controls before traveling overseas."
He added however that it could take "two or three weeks" before the passage of the resolution, and stressed that the door to negotiations remained open, as the North Korean news agency KCNA on Thursday repeated its threat to pull out of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
Only 2,475 had been freed before Thursday, according to human rights groups while some 7,200 Palestinians remained in jail.
Only 2,475 had been freed before Thursday, according to human rights groups while some 7,200 Palestinians remained in jail.
The appointment of the Soviet-era technocrat came less than two weeks before a presidential election which incumbent Leonid Kravchuk hopes to win by gaining support from communists and conservatives in eastern Ukraine who want closer ties with Moscow.
The sanctions also give North Korea other opportunities to meet international demands before main financial weapons are used.
Sanaa wants a joint north and south military commission, set up before war broke out, to supervise a ceasefire while southern leaders want international observers to take part.
Prison officials plan to wait before expanding the program nationwide.
His appointment came less than two weeks before a presidential election that Kravchuk hopes to win by gaining support from communists and ethnic Russians in eastern Ukraine who favor good relations with Moscow.
All US and Canadian citizens in Haiti have been urged by their governments to leave before flight ban starts on June 25.
Japanese parliament to question Hosokawa next week  TOKYO, June 16 (AFP)  Former prime minister Morihiro Hosokawa will give testimony before a parliamentary committee next week over dubious money transactions, officials said Thursday.
Clarke said it was unlikely the government would reduce taxes before the budget deficit was under control.
Ex-sergeant charged with plotting coup  ACCRA, June 16 (AFP)  A former sergeant in the Ghanaian army has appeared before a court in Accra accused of plotting to overthrow the government of President Jerry Rawlings, the Ghanaian Times daily reported Thursday.
Karim Salifu Adam, 38, was remanded in custody until July 20 when he appeared before a magistrates court in the capital on Wednesday.
Prosecutor Osafo Sampong told the court that Adam served in the Ghanaian army for 15 years before retiring in 1991.
Exporters, who had rushed to ship merchandise before the extended break, had slowed down in May.
Kozyrev said Moscow had sent Washington several alternative draft proposals that could be put before the United Nations, which is not expected to vote on the US proposal before several weeks.
South Korea on Thursday backed the sanctions after Japan said the night before it supported them "in principle."
Housego, the former South Asia correspondent for the Financial Times, told reporters before his departure that he may stay in the hill resort until his son and Mackie are released.
Housego, the former South Asia correspondent for the Financial Times, told reporters before his departure that he may stay in the hill resort until his son and Mackie are released.
He showed the dormitory in a religious community centre where the Tutsi children had taken refuge before being torn away to be clubbed to death nearby, here in Butare, Rwanda's second-biggest city and a government Hutu bastion.
It had once been a stronghold of opposition to President Juvenal Habyarimana before his death in a suspicious air crash two months ago sparked the ethnic carnage that has left up to 500,000 dead and created 700,000 refugees.
Berlusconi said before entering the meeting that he plans to propose the creation of an autonomous international taskforce on human rights that would be linked to the United Nations and other organizations.
"It would be ridiculous that, before an atomic bomb is completed, a war has broken out.
They cleared their main business late Wednesday by agreeing to leave OPEC's overall oil production ceiling unchanged to year-end and to avoid any ministerial meetings before the next regular conference set for November 16.
In London, North Sea Brent prices at two months broke up through the 17-dollar mark early Thursday afternoon, as crude for August delivery briefly reached 17.04 dollars a barrel before stabilizing at 17.02, compared with 16.94 dollars at the Wednesday close.
He said he waited until the latter had bent over before giving him such a strong kick that the victim was propelled head first inside a refrigerator, breaking his nose in the process.
But Rutherford and former New Zealand skipper Martin Crowe denied England further success before lunch.
The Palang Dharma Party (PDP), which defied Chuan and put a motion before the House of Representatives to set up a committee to draft a new charter, said it would meet Monday to decide whether to press for immediate action on the motion.
Under the charter, the 360-member House of Representatives is elected but the 270-member Senate was appointed by the junta before it disbanded and is still composed mostly of serving or retired military men and fiercely pro-military civilians.
Brent breaks up through 17-dollar mark  LONDON, June 16 (AFP)  North Sea Brent crude oil for August delivery broke up through the 17 -dollar-per-barrel mark in London early Thursday afternoon, reaching 17.04 dollars briefly before stabilizing at 17.02.
We are going to ask our lawyers to go into it before we shoot from the hip.
Earlier China rejected the proposed sanctions and Russia said it would not back them if Moscow were not consulted before a UN vote on the matter.
Government negotiators, who agreed to the ceasefire, said the guerrillas must prove their sincerity before the government could discuss political conessions.
The Khmer Rouge said they wanted a power-sharing arrangement, with the scrapping of the existing government and parliament, before agreeing to a ceasefire.
so why not now, before I die, the last mission," the 72-year-old constitutional monarch said.
But only 2,475 had been let out before Thursday, according to human rights groups while some 7,200 Palestinians remained in jail.
Berlusconi said during a press conference before the meeting that he plans to propose the creation of an autonomous international taskforce on human rights that would be linked to the United Nations and other organizations.
The comments followed a warning Wednesday by Turkish President Suleyman Demirel that if Turkey were placed before a fait accompli over the territorial waters, the outcome would be "very serious."
The comments followed a warning Wednesday by Turkish President Suleyman Demirel that if Turkey were placed before a fait accompli over the territorial waters, the outcome would be "very serious."
"But the police had approved it the day before the governor refused."
But the South Sinai Governor objected, and three days before the set date, pulled the plug.
Earlier in the Catholic neighborhood of Donegall, a butcher was wounded when a man burst into his shop and fired three bullets before fleeing in a car driven by an accomplice.
Under that accord, the two sides agreed to start talks before April 29 on reducing the number of arms within a zone 10 kilometres (six miles) either side of the frontline between their forces.
"There has never been anything like it on the market before," he said.
Under that accord, the two sides agreed to start talks before April 29 on reducing the number of arms within a zone 10 kilometres (six miles) either side of the frontline between their forces.
When Israel arrested HAMAS chief Sheikh Ahmad Yassin in 1989, Abu Msameh took over as head of the movement before he was imprisoned the following year.
Quick move to single European currency "extremely dangerous": George  PARIS, June 16 (AFP)  Governor of the Bank of England Eddie George said Thursday it would be "extremely dangerous" to move quickly to a single European currency before sufficient economic convergence had been achieved.
Officials from the narcotics brigade, assisted by a judge, took samples to acertain the drugs authenticity before they were dumped into a huge pit and fork-lifted to an incinerator where they were burned.
Huge fortunes from the drug trade were made in the Bekaa before the ban took effect, with bank sources saying traffickers were earning up to four billion dollars a year.
The threat to male privilege is contained in an amendment to a bill before the Hong Kong Legislative Council being advanced by Christine Loh, a Hong Kong lawyer and appointed council member.
"We will wait to get to know the political thinking of other groups, the opinions and ways of working in the parliament before deciding which group to go to," he said.
While the 360-member House of Representatives is elected, the 270-member Senate was appointed by the junta before it disbanded.
A major theme of the audiovisual conference is how to boost the European television and film industry before subsidies and protectionist legislation are banned by GATT (General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade) rules.
The ministers spent hours in bilateral consultations on Subroto's succession before going into their final session Thursday.
Earlier in the Catholic neighborhood of Donegall, a butcher was wounded when a man burst into his shop and fired three bullets before fleeing in a car driven by an accomplice.
The coach may have been a little unfair as O'Brien had lost ground in the discus when he managed only 46.34m and was delayed by a thunderstorm for almost two hours before running the 1,500m.
"We're hearing sporadic shooting but it's much quieter than it was before," UN spokesman Pierre Mehu told AFP by telephone from Kigali.
Kozyrev said Moscow had sent Washington several alternative draft proposals that could be put before the United Nations, which is not expected to vote on the US proposal for several weeks.
The German company Siemens started building the power station, the first in Iran, before the 1979 Islamic revolution which toppled the pro-West Shah.
Some Paris analysts think the CAC 40 might fall as low as 1800, and possible even lower, before rebounding sharply because shares are oversold.
Russian, US and European ministers should meet before the end of June in the presence of ministers from the Bosnian parties to try to obtain a (peace) accord."
The 26-year-old injured his right thigh in a training session in Los Angeles on Wednesday, three days before Sweden's World Cup opener against Cameroon.
Navratilova sat disconsolately in her chair for several minutes while a standing ovation thundered around her and then gave a lingering wave before sprinting off court to the sanctuary of the locker room.
Davies, who started at the 1976 Olympics in Montreal when she was only 13, collected two Commonwealth golds at Edmonton in 1978 before winning a silver in the 400 metres medley at the 1980 Olympics in Moscow.
Navratilova put a brave face on an unexpected defeat just before Wimbledon.
Such had identical success when he came on for the 20th over and reduced New Zealand to 39 for two with a delivery which bounced to hit the splice of Blair Pocock's bat before passing into Robin Smith's hands at silly mid-off.
Under the March accord, the two sides agreed to start talks before April 29 on reducing the number of arms within a zone 10 kilometres (six miles) either side of the frontline between their forces.
Carter is officially in Pyongyang for a private visit, but was fully briefed by US officials before leaving and said Thursday he had Clinton's full support.
Baresi orders Italian reshuffle by Angus MacKinnon  NEW YORK, June 16 (AFP)  A player revolt led by Franco Baresi appears to have succeeded in forcing coach Arrigo Sacchi into a last minute reshuffle before Saturday's World Cup clash with Ireland.
"Jack Nicklaus was a little bit before my time," said Els, 24.
About 70 diplomatic family members, including Swing's wife, are due to leave Haiti before the US ban on commercial air traffic takes effect June 25.
The refugees taken aboard Comfort will first be given medical treatment, if needed, and be allowed to rest before beginning the screening process, said Duke Austin, an Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) spokesman.
The former England batsman was dropped twice by Matthew Vandrau but went on to hit 15 fours in a 218-ball knock of 118 before he was caught behind off Vandrau's bowling from the last delivery before tea.
Russian, US and European ministers should meet before the end of June in the presence of ministers from the Bosnian parties to try to obtain a (peace) accord."
Brahimi is due to leave Jeddah for Cairo, before returning to New York where he is to present a report on his mission to UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali.
Three World Cup matches are scheduled to be played June 19, and the Colombian team will have played the day before.
Simpson, dressed in a black suit, made no comment before or after the hourlong Tours Catholic Church funeral for Nicole Brown Simpson, who was slain Sunday along with a 25-year-old man at her condominium.
The executive board, which met at O'Hare International Airport, will probably set a strike date when it reconvenes in Pittsburgh on July 11, the day before the All-Star game.
Abacha ousted a non-elected civilian regime that his predecessor, General Ibrahim Babangida, had appointed before stepping down.
Carson, who along with Mokgokong monitored the second twin until the end, had said before the operation that the procedure was the first of its kind, with surgeons using brain-covering tissue from a cadaver to protect the twins' brains from blood loss and infection.
Former Greek premier ordered to court on illegal tapping charge  ATHENS, June 17 (AFP)  The Greek parliament voted Thursday evening to bring former prime minister Constantin Mitsotakis before a special court on charges of illegal telephone tapping.
The New Democracy deputies walked out of parliament in protest before the vote, saying there was no concrete proof against Mitsotakis and accusing the Socialists of carrying out "political revenge."
Speaking in parliament Thursday, Mitsotakis denied the charges and said he would appear before the court to "confound his accusers" and defend his honor.
He denounced the "mud-slinging campaign" which he said Socialist Prime Minister Andreas Papandreou was carrying out in revenge for being brought before a special court in 1989 by his own government over a series of scandals.
A parliamentary commission was set up and called last month for Mitsotakis to appear before a court, dropping charges against the daughter.
According to the peace timetable, a ceasefire is to take effect in September, before a peace pact signing in December.
About 70 diplomatic family members, including Swing's wife, are due to leave Haiti before the US ban on commercial air traffic takes effect June 25, part of sanctions imposed by Washington to increase the pressure on Haiti's military rulers.
Brower had gone 23 holes without a birdie before making four in a row on her front nine.
The refugees taken aboard Comfort will first be given medical treatment, if needed, and be allowed to rest before beginning the screening process, said Duke Austin, an Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) spokesman.
Watson, 44, has endured heartbreak here twice before.
"Don't expect taxes before getting the wheels running," Erakat said.
Simpson, dressed in a black suit, made no comment before or after the hourlong St. Martin of Tours Catholic Church funeral for Nicole Brown Simpson, who was slain Sunday along with a 25-year-old man at her condominium.
Six of the deputies have already been brought before the state security court in Ankara on the same charges, after their immunity was lifted by parliament in March.
Struck by Tahiti, Moitessier stayed there for 12 years, before going on to Mexico and then California and returning to Polynesia, still aboard Joshua.
The regional radio station Mittel Deutschen Rundfunk said preparations to dynamite the bridge had been kept secret and the police were only informed that it would take place a few hours beforehand in case of protest actions.
"We'll be playing before our fans," Milutinovic said.
Beijing has telegraphed its willingness to reach agreement with Britain over financing the territory's planned 20.3-billion-US-dollar airport, as well as wrapping up a dispute over British military sites, which London mainly wants to see converted to civilian use before 1997.
The joint venture, pending approval by the Chinese government, is likely to begin producing key auto parts such as engines and transmissions next year before starting car production.
Trade accord with Washington unlikely before summit: trade minister  TOKYO, June 17 (AFP)  Japan's Trade Minister Eijiro Hata was Friday pessimistic of a successful conclusion of US-Japan trade talks in time for the Naples summit of the Group of Seven (G7) industrialised nations.
Israel demands a Syrian commitment to full peace with diplomatic relations before negotiating the scale of withdrawal from the plateau captured in the 1967 Middle East war.
The jail wardens demand heavy bribes before releasing businessmen.
Carter, whose four-day personal mediation resulted in a set of new proposals from the North, has described the proposals as "very positive," while Bill Clinton said he was awaiting concrete details before calling off his sanctions drive.
The national commission has registered 40 people who have contracted the AIDS virus from tainted blood before there was a reliable test for its presence, but the defence association for blood users says the figure is much higher.
"PDP ready to quit the coalition," the Bangkok Post announced its front page, referring to the declaration the day before by the Phalang Dharma Party that it would make a decision on the issue on Monday.
Several hours later, as thousands of people gathered before parliament in support of constitutional reform, Buddhist activist Chalard Vorachat, who had been fasting at the site for 23 days, left for hospital while declaring to the crowd that he intended to pursue his hunger strike.
Gachot said Honda is "waiting to see what will happen on Saturday and Sunday" before deciding whether to invest in Le Mans.
Mansell, world champion with Williams-Renault in 1992 before leaving the team under a cloud, might yet be tempted to return for a few grand prix -- when the F1 calendar does not clash with Indycar races.
It is also possible that the AWB men could receive an amnesty for political crimes, but the cut-off date presently mooted by government is December 6, 1993, six days before the roadblock killings.
He met with Saudi's King Fahd in the Saudi city of Jeddah Thursday and was due to travel to Cairo from Saudi Arabia before returning to New York.
He met with Saudi's King Fahd in the Saudi city of Jeddah Thursday and was due to travel to Cairo from Saudi Arabia before returning to New York.
But Tapie launched an appeal on Thursday before the National Olympic Committee, France's highest body for sports arbitration.
The daily EL Mundo published Friday a copy of the letter, addressed before he fled Spanish justice in April, in which Roldan affirmed receiving monthly "compensation payments" of 10 million pesetas (73,000 dollars) from a secret fund organised by former secretary of state for security, Rafael Vera.
             Poland-language              400 words by Stanislaw Waszak     BEIRUT:  World Cup fever is sweeping Lebanon, where tens of              thousands of football fans had decked their homes              and cars with the colours of their favourite teams              weeks before the kickoff.
(picture) World Cup fever grips Lebanon by Hala Boncompagni  BEIRUT, June 17 (AFP)  World Cup fever is sweeping Lebanon, where tens of thousands of football fans had decked their homes and cars with the colours of their favourite teams weeks before the kickoff.
But according to a study conducted in Uganda between May 25 and June 6, the lake and other water sources in the region were already polluted before the corpses of victims of the carnage in Rwanda were dumped into the lake.
Pupils were sitting A level exams when a man about 40 pulled up in the school grounds in a Skoda car and attacked children with some kind of flame-thrower before fleeing, police said.
Crowe, whose brilliant 133 had put the tourists in the driving seat after a poor start on Thursday, could only add nine runs in 75 minutes before Phillip DeFreitas claimed the wicket England wanted most.
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher is due to hold talks with Kozyrev here the day before, on Tuesday, which will include sanctions against North Korea because of that country's refusal to allow nuclear inspections.
The incident occurred Thursday evening shortly before midnight in the northeastern region of Vitebsk as Lukashenko, considered a favorite in next Thursday's presidential poll, was heading home with two deputies following a campaign rally, the candidate's aides said.
And southern leaders are to embark on a European tour before heading to New York to plead the case of the rebel Yemen Democratic Republic, its appointed foreign minister Abdallah al-Asnaj told AFP.
He made no comment before or after the hourlong service.
Mswati was met on arrival at Nairobi's Jomo Kenyatta International Airport shortly before noon by Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi and several Kenyan cabinet ministers and senior officials.
The final parade before the Allies pull out in September is taking place at the invitation of Berlin Mayor Eberhard Diepgen.
Carter is officially in Korea on a private visit, but was fully briefed by US officials before he went and has been in close touch with the White House during his trip.
Alcoa Nederland said that stock drawdowns were up five to seven percent in some areas and "customers are forward booking some of our plants up to September/October, a luxury we did not have before."
Nickel dropped out of line with the rest of the complex, falling 20 dollars to around 6,485 dollars per tonne Thursday, before picking up again on Friday on stock figures.
Dealers learned that US stocks had fallen by 222,721 bags in the space of a week, such as had never been seen before, they said.
Oil for delivery in August was higher, rising above 17 dollars a barrel on Thursday, before stabilising around 16.85 dollars.
Stoltenberg saved two match points in game nine before finally perishing on Ferreira's serve in the 10th.
Zvereva led 4-3 in the first set before the American won eight of the next 11 games to establish a 5-3 lead in the second.
Early this month police here filed a criminal case against her before a Metropolitan magistrate who issued an arrest warrant.
Triplett, 32, played on the Australian, Asian and Canadian tours for the first four years of his pro career before reaching the US tour five years ago.
A firefight developed in which four agents were killed before the assault group were forced to retreat.
Traders said that investors did not want to take any initiatives on Friday before Wall Street closed, as US trading might be "agitated" due to the triple witching hour.
Elsewhere, Alcoa Nederland said that stock drawdowns were up five to seven percent in some areas and "customers are forward booking some of our plants up to September/October, which is a luxury we did not have before."
According to the peace timetable, a ceasefire is to take effect in September, before a peace pact signing in December.
Separately, three teenagers taking exams at a secondary school school here were severely burned and several others injured when a man burst into an exam hall and sprayed them with a flame-thrower before escaping, police said.
UN peacekeepers killed as Hutus attack Tutsis in Kigali by Annie Thomas  KIGALI, June 17 (AFP)  A Uruguayan UN peacekeeper was killed and another wounded north of Kigali on Friday after Hutu militiamen drove UN troops out of a hotel before attacking Tutsi refugees sheltering there.
In the most sustained artillery and rocket barrage of Aden in six weeks of war, six civilians were killed Friday and 22 the day before, hospital officials said.
"They will have to walk over the bodies of the soldiers on the front and kill all the residents street by street before taking Aden," Qassem Ahmad, a 20-year-old militiaman, said.
He met with Saudi's King Fahd in the Saudi city of Jeddah Thursday and was due to travel to Cairo from Saudi Arabia before returning to New York.
In recent months, Nkomo has on several occasions, accused some white Zimbabweans of being racists and warned the "undesirable elements" to leave the country before igniting a racial strife.
Six DEP deputies have already been brought before the state security court in Ankara for alleged separatist activities.
Less than a week before the kick-off, Harris pollsters released results of a survey showing that only 31 percent of US adults knew the Cup was being played here.
I hope you can stand before God and I hope you have everything right because we're all going to stand before God," said Renos Avraam.
De Klerk, now Deputy Minister in Mandela's government of national unity, has acknowledged that he granted the pardons just days before the country's first all-race elections on April 26-29.
A former operative of the Civil Cooperation Bureau, James Gordon, has admitted before a commission investigating the unit's activities that he was hired by the outfit to kill Omar.
Currin was appointed 10 days ago by Omar to head a committee considering pardons for some 800 prisoners claiming political status, including 50 rightwingers, for crimes committed before a December 5, 1993, cut-off date for political amnesty.
He made no comment before or after the hourlong service.
Gallucci said US officials would wait to talk to Carter after he leaves Pyongyang on Saturday and hear a full account of his meetings with Kim before getting in touch with the North Koreans.
The rebel insurgency followed by the still unsolved assassination of its presidential candidate, Luis Donaldo Colosio, has shaken the system as never before.
He made no comment before or after the hourlong service.
Gallucci reiterated Clinton's statement and said US officials had spoken to Carter before he met with Kim on Friday.
He also said the US side would wait to talk to Carter before getting in touch with the North Koreans.
Pop singer Daryl Hall also performed, then Richard Marx sang the US national anthem before four F-16 jets flew over the stadium.
                    NATO-Russia-analysis                     600 words moved                     by Christopher Boian     KIGALI:         A Uruguayan UN peacekeeper is killed and                     another wounded north of Kigali after Hutu                     militiamen drive UN troops out of a hotel                     before attacking Tutsi refugees sheltering there.
"To the best of my knowledge, Mr. Simpson is out there somewhere and we will find him," Gascon said several hours before Simpson was due to be arraigned in court on murder charges.
The blond striker, still looking for a club next season after leaving French side Monaco, advanced to the edge of the penalty area before shooting home.
He blasted wildly over three minutes before Klinsmann's goal and then failed to control a pass from Erwin Sanchez which allowed German goalkeeper Bodo Illgner to race out and dive on the ball.
He made no comment before or after the hourlong service.
(CHICAGO) German coach Berti Vogts admitted Bolivia had been getting on top before Klinsmann's goal.
"And I thought Hassler handled the ball before passing to Klinsmann for their goal.
"He was in pain and the doctors then predicted that it would be three days before he would able to train with us and he worked out today."
Hodgson said he was awaiting a medical report before deciding whether to play 25-year-old Knup against the Americans.
He scored a brilliant goal when he came on as a substitute in the 1-0 win over Mexico before 91,000 fans at Pasadena's Rose Bowl earlier this month.
Under FIFA regulations, team selections must be finalised one hour before kick-off.
The former president had described Thursday's offer as a step forward, but Clinton said he would wait to hear directly from North Korea what exactly the proposals contained before agreeing to abandon sanctions and hold a third round of high-level talks with North Korea.
"It might have looked scrappy but it was even harder to control the ball because the pitch had been watered just before the kick-off and the ball came off fast," he added.
"Oh, I think, as I said many times recently, the whole experience, you know, it has been," he said before a pause to collect himself.
Emperor of Japan visits school for disabled, heads to St. Louis  NEW YORK, June 17 (AFP)  Emperor Akihito of Japan toured a New York school for the disabled Friday before departing for the US Midwest, where he was to watch a major-league baseball game.
Less than a week before the kick-off, Harris pollsters released results of a survey showing that only 31 percent of US adults knew the Cup was being played here.
Pressed to explain how Simpson could have slipped away, Garcetti said testily that the police had not known the whereabouts of Simpson before he was to have surrendered at 11 a.m. (1800 GMT) as arranged by his attorney Robert Shapiro.
He made no comment before or after the hourlong service.
Carter described the proposals by North Korean President Kim Il-Sung as a step forward, but President Bill Clinton has said he wants to hear directly from the North Koreans what they are offering before responding.
Then Thomas Hassler waited for Bolivian keeper Carlos Tucco to commit himself by racing wildly out of his penalty area before chesting the ball to Klinsmann.
Eight minutes after the break, Moller was put clean through by former East German Matthias Sammer, but Trucco scooped the ball up before Moller could shoot.
Sanchez, along with Carlos Borja later in the half, were both stretchered off before rejoining the field.
Pressed to explain how Simpson could have slipped away, Garcetti said testily that the police had not known the whereabouts of Simpson before he was to have surrendered at 11:00 a.m. (1800 GMT) as arranged by his attorney Robert Shapiro.
He said the interest rate on the Treasury's benchmark 30-year bond should continue to rise to 7.75 percent by the year's end, before heading downward in 1995.
And southern leaders are to embark on a European tour before heading to New York to plead the case of the rebel Yemen Democratic Republic, its appointed foreign minister Abdallah al-Asnaj told AFP from the Saudi city of Jeddah.
Shapiro said the letter was one of three left by Simpson before he fled a Los Angeles area home where the surrender had been arranged.
Shaprio said that Simpson spoke to his children and mother and signed an addendum tohis will before disappearing.
"The political status of Abkhazia should be decided first, before the refugees return", said Kakha Gikia, head of the nationalist National Democracy party in Mingrelia, which enjoys large support in western Georgia.
The rebel insurgency followed by the still unsolved assassination of its presidential candidate, Luis Donaldo Colosio, has shaken the system as never before.
He was met by US Ambassador James Laney in the South Korean part of this truce village before leaving for Seoul, about an hour's drive to the south.
Shapiro said the letter was one of three left by Simpson -- a second letter was written to his mother, and another to his children -- before he fled a Los Angeles area home where the surrender had been arranged.
Shapiro also said Simpson telephoned his children and mother, and dictated an addendum to his will before disappearing.
Carter spent half an hour with the US ambassador at Peace House as he awaited customs clearance before heading back to Seoul -- about an hour's drive to the south -- in a motorcade.
South Korean and US officials have said they would wait until Carter had left the North to speak with him directly before officially reacting to the latest developments in the long-running crisis.
He slipped the ball to substitute Jose Caminero who had two shots blocked by a panic-stricken Korean defence before he lobbed the ball to Goikoetxea who headed into the right corner out of the reach of the diving Choi In Young.
A senior official criticised the laboratory for failing to consult the authorities before acting.
Shapiro said the letter was one of three left by Simpson -- a second letter was written to his mother, and another to his children -- before he fled a Los Angeles area home where the surrender had been arranged.
Shapiro also said Simpson telephoned his children and mother, and dictated an addendum to his will before disappearing.
In the most sustained artillery and rocket barrage of Aden  in six weeks of war, six civilians were killed and 22 the day before, hospital  officials said.
"We knew before the match that surviving the very high heat would be vital so we planned to be able to go the full 90 minutes and it paid off.
Unable to get off his shot just inside the area Salinas slipped the ball to Jose Caminero who had two shots blocked by a panic sticken Korean defence before he lobbed the ball to Goikoetxea who headed into the right corner out of reach of the diving Choi In Young.
They were then followed by a dozen police cars for hours in a chase covered live on national television before returning to Simpson's estate, where the football star remained in the car during apparent negotiations with police.
Their determination paid off six minutes before the end when a free- kick just outside the area from Hong Myung Bo deflected of the Spanish wall, sending Santiago Canizares the wrong way.
Basile said he will wait until the day before the game before naming his side, in which a fit Caniggia would team up in attack with Gabriel Batistuta, the 25-year-old Fiorentina striker who has scored an impressive 20 goals in 32 games for Argentina.
The surface was hard underneath but having been sprayed before the match it was very slippery.
Shapiro said the letter was one of three left by Simpson -- a second letter was written to his mother, and another to his children -- before he fled a Los Angeles area home where the surrender had been arranged.
Shapiro also said Simpson telephoned his children and mother, and dictated an addendum to his will before disappearing.
Germany can qualify for the second round by beating Spain in four days while Etcheverry's absence for Bolivia should improve Korea's chances of going further than ever before.
A large portion of the six-storey Yu Xin Printing and Dyeing factory -- a Sino-Hong Kong joint venture -- collapsed at 2.10pm (0610 GMT) Friday, trapping more than 200 workers clearing up after a fire that had gutted the factory the night before.
The blaze was finally put out in the early hours of Friday morning and workers began sorting through the wreckage later in the day, before the collapse occurred.
Carter spent half an hour with the US ambassador at Peace House, awaiting customs clearance before heading back to Seoul -- about an hour's drive to the south -- in a motorcade.
It said Tengku Abdullah Abdul Rahman had talks on Tuesday with Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and later with Foreign Minister Shimon Peres before he left Israel on Thursday.
"The Ministry of the Interior requests that all Democratic Kampuchea (Khmer Rouge) representatives and staff leave Phnom Penh as soon as possible before June 19," a statement from the ministry released late Friday said.
Anthony Mason also scored 12 before the break, but as in earlier games the Knicks appeared on the verge of surrendering the lead they had worked so hard to build.
Mason jumped up and stepped toward Olajuwon threateningly, and was immediately assessed a technical foul before Knicks coach Pat Riley pulled him away.
Officials said the sports star turned actor and television commentator just wanted to speak to his mother before turning himself over to the authorities.
The van driven by ex-teammate Al Cowlings cruised the freeways for about 90 minutes before stopping in front of Simpson's home in the posh Brentwood area of Los Angeles where police surrounded it and helicopters buzzed overhead.
A second letter was written to his mother, and another to his two children before he fled.
The attorney said Simpson also telephoned his children and mother, and dictated an addendum to his will before disappearing.
Kim Ho had said before the match that it had been hard to keep the team's mind on the game because of the nuclear worries at home.
But they continued to give away needless penalties, part of their game they will have to work on before the test.
"This would be something impossible for them to accept -- I thought this before, that's why I went.
Outlining a list of pledges obtained in nearly 10 hours of talks with Kim Il-Sung, Carter cautioned that it could take "maybe weeks of careful discussion" before the list could be analysed.
Pyongyang unable to make bomb before 3 to 7 years: Kozyrev  MOSCOW, June 18 (AFP)  Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev said Russian intelligence indicated that North Korea will not be able to manufacture a nuclear bomb for another three to seven years.
"The Ministry of the Interior requests that all Democratic Kampuchea (Khmer Rouge) representatives and staff leave Phnom Penh as soon as possible before June 19," a ministry statement released late Friday said.
For this last parade before they definitively pull out by September, the Allies -- 750 Americans, 600 Britons and 600 French -- marched without heavy weapons, saluted only by helicopters and an American Dakota, a symbolic reminder of the air bridge which supplied Berlin during the Soviet blockade from 1948 to 1949.
A large portion of the six-storey Yu Xin Printing and Dyeing factory -- a Sino-Hong Kong joint venture -- collapsed at 2:10 p.m. (0610 GMT) Friday, trapping more than 200 workers clearing up after a fire that gutted the factory the night before.
He said that in 1992, the last year of the Czechoslovak federation before it broke up, Czech arms exports were worth around 150 million dollars.
Redman was in Sarajevo Saturday for talks with Bosnian President Alia Izetbegovic before his Zagreb visit.
"This would be something impossible for them to accept -- I thought this before, that's why I went.
The Clinton administration has said it will await official confirmation from North Korea of the proposed package before calling a halt to the sanctions drive.
And companies will be looking at "the inflation rate, interest rates, growth rates, all the things that affect profitability" before making any major decisions.
OPIC essentially moves into new markets to encourage investors before regular sources of financing want to commit themselves.
I think we will see a gradual and steady increase" in investment, but companies may well try to export into the South African market before trying to set up there, O'Flaherty said.
"There really was no 'Asian-American' before the 1960s," Yang said.
But the beachfront cafes, shops and street stands close down one hour before sunset.
The Khmer Rouge, who ruled Cambodia for four bloody years from 1975 to 1979 before being chased out by Vietnamese troops, boycotted United Nations-supervised elections last year and are battling the government.
And we've seen this movie before," he said.
The new regulations call on developers to complete new housing for at least 60 percent of residents living on a site slated for development before moving them from their old homes.
Gooch, England's all-time record Test runs-scorer, offered no shot to the first delivery he faced and was given out leg before by Jamaican umpire Steve Bucknor.
The employers association was counting on most bars being able to function despite the strike call and ruled out crisis talks before the kick-off of the Ireland-Italy game, at 8:00 p.m. Dublin time.
When the march reached the victory column commemorating the Prussian victories against Denmark, Austria and France between 1864 and 1871, it made an about-turn to head back west to the Charlottenburg Gate and towards Ernst Reuter square, before 75,000 cheering spectators.
For this last parade before their definitive pull out by September, the Allies -- 750 Americans, 600 Britons and 600 French -- marched without heavy weapons, saluted only by helicopters and an American Dakota, a symbolic reminder of the air bridge which supplied Berlin during the Soviet blockade from 1948 to 1949.
reopens (SEOUL) In a report late Saturday the Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) quoted Carter as saying at a press conference before he left the North that direct talks between North Korea and the United States can be resumed.
"All my discussions with President Kim Il-Sung were very open, frank and without restraint," Carter was quoted by the official news agency as saying on the North Korean side of the truce village of Panmunjom before crossing into the South.
"The Ministry of the  Interior requests that all Democratic Kampuchea (Khmer Rouge) representatives  and staff leave Phnom Penh as soon as possible before June 19," a ministry  statement said.
An army statement said the operation was to provide "security allowing the situation to return to what it was before" Lebanon's 1975-1990 civil war, and to allow "refugees to return and reinforce national coexistence."
He needed 90 minutes of rest on a licker room bench before driving to his hotel.
Montgomerie continued the pre-round that got him in front, hitting two practice shots with every club and picking up his caddy at the hotel exactly as before.
Three World Cup matches are scheduled to be played June 19, and the Colombian team will have played the day before.
In London, 60,000 people joined a Gay Pride march, causing huge traffic jams as they crossed Picadilly Circus and Oxford Street before meeting for a rally in Hyde Park.
I've been close before and hopefully winning will become easier after this."
The fighting Americans, who fell behind to a 39th minute goal direct from a free kick by veteran midfielder Georges Bregy, drew level just before halftime through Eric Wynalda.
A second letter was written to his mother, and another to his two children before he fled.
He told AFP Saturday that he will visit Orient House, the East Jerusalem headquarters for the Palestinian negotiating team, before going to the old city to pray at the mosque and visit the Church of Saint John.
"I was very nervous before my innings but it was tremendous thrill to score my first Test fifty at Lord's and, in fact, I thought a hundred was on."
In oppressive conditions inside the sauna-like Pontiac Silverdome, veteran midfielder Georges Bregy curled a direct free kick into an unguarded top right-hand corner in the 39th minute before Eric Wynalda sensationally equalised a minute before halftime.
Watching the leaders was Ian Woosnam, who surprisingly turned up at the La Moye clubhouse by lunchtime after missing the cut at the US Open the night before.
The heat at Oakmont affected me but I wasn't playing well before I went there.
In the 28th minute he played a neat one-two with Signori before firing a half-volley over the bar.
A second letter was written to his mother, and another to his two children before he fled.
Shortly before the phone conversation, Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Moussa announced that Brahimi's bid to bring the north and south together for talks had failed.
Until now the government in Sanaa has ruled out any negotiations with supporters of former vice-president Ali Salem al-Baid whom it has branded a traitor for proclaiming the breakaway Yemen Democratic Republic in what used to be marxist South Yemen before north and south were reunited four years ago.
Benson said the plane's flight origin was not yet known, but that it apparently stopped in New Orleans, Louisiana for refueling before arriving at the airport around 6:00 a.m. (1000 GMT).
Asked about a report that the pilot screamed something before the crash, Vote said "we have no indication" that there was a language problem between the pilot and the airport controllers.
In the 28th minute he played a neat one-two with Signori before firing a half-volley over the bar.
Unconfirmed reports said up to five customers had died in the incident just before closing time at Loughinisland, County Down, in the east of the province and more were wounded.
Shortly before the phone conversation, Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Moussa announced that Brahimi's bid to bring the north and south together for talks had failed.
Until now the government in Sanaa has ruled out any negotiations with supporters of former vice-president Ali Salem al-Baid whom it has branded a traitor for proclaiming the breakaway Yemen Democratic Republic in what used to be marxist South Yemen before north and south were reunited four years ago.
Asked about a report that the pilot screamed something before the crash, Vogt said "we have no indication" that there was a language problem between the pilot and the airport controllers.
"We've been playing well before this week and we're keeping it going."
However Houghton, with a snap drive from the edge of the box, and Andy Townsend, with a backpost header, both drew good saves from Pagliuca before Sheridan's shot clattered against the woodwork.
"It has to be one of the best results ever," Irish boss Jack Charlton said before giving his players the green light for a night on the town.
Graham was supposed to meet with Haitians Saturday night and then tour the Haitian-Dominican Republic border Sunday morning before returning to the United States.
"The tie was disappointing, but we still have two matches to go," he said before boarding the team's flight to Chicago, where they will face reigning World Champions Germany.
Clemente was criticised for arriving in Dallas only two days before the meeting with South Korea.
Barbados prime minister calls early elections  BRIDGETOWN, June 18 (AFP) Barbados' prime minister on Saturday called a general election a year and a half before he had to, after suffering a vote of no confidence in parliament.
Prime Minister Erskine Sandiford ended almost two weeks of speculation following the no-confidence vote by calling the elections for September 6, almost 18 months before they are constitutionally due.
More athletes are carrying guns than ever before, drugs are a constant, violence is becoming the norm."
Roosevelt, who proceeded to end the occupation, died from apoplexy before he could see the triumph of the allied armies in World War II.
Lee joked before top businessmen, including PLDT president Antonio Cojuangco, here in late 1992 that while 98 percent of Filipinos were waiting for telephone lines, the remaining two percent were waiting for dial tones.
Four years ago the Netherlands were held 1-1 by Egypt in their opening game before going out in the second round.
Defender Mohamed Al Jawad said: "Nobody was giving much credit to Cameroon before the finals in Italy but they did a very good job.
When Devika Rani died at the age of 86 on March 9, a year after Stetoslav, Poonacha wept profusely, saying she had lost her parents and produced a will supposedly signed by the actress four days before her death.
The articles were allegedly taken before the actress died, along with huge sums from several banks, some of which have been traced to the secretary.
Ten minutes before half time Hagi floated a 40 metre lob from the left touchline into the far corner of the stranded Cordoba's goal to make it 2-0.
One of them pulled out a pistol and shot Sali twice before the horrified patrons of the hotel coffee shop.
Australia claims world first in freezing human eggs by David Williams  SYDNEY, June 19 (AFP)  Australian scientists claimed a world first Sunday in developing a reliable and safe method of freezing human eggs before fertilisation.
Shortly before the phone conversation, Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Moussa announced that Brahimi's bid to bring the north and south together for talks had failed.
Germany's three-times winner and seventh seed Boris Becker, a 16-1 outsider, was reported to be nursing a knee injury just hours before his scheduled first-round clash against experienced David Wheaton of the United States.
She also cautioned that the Clinton administration had yet to debrief Carter and was awaiting concrete assurances through North Korean diplomatic channels before changing course.
South Korea too wants Pyongyang to take substantive actions and make official committment to full compliance with nuclear inspections, before any inter-Korean summit talks are held.
But lending activity sharply slowed down after the 1990-1991 Gulf war before it came to a standstill in 1994 due to accumulating arrears.
The six-storey Yu Xin Printing and Dyeing factory -- a Sino-Hong Kong joint venture -- collapsed Friday, trapping more than 200 workers clearing up after a fire the night before.
Workers began sifting the wreckage later in the day before the collapse.
Asked about the delay in the arrival of reinforcements for UNAMIR, authorised by the Security Council on May 17, the general admitted: "It has been slow, it is still slow," and added that it would still be "a matter of weeks" before he had an effective task force on the ground.
"They are never serious about peace," Abdallah al-Asnaj, named foreign minister of breakaway south Yemen, said in Cairo before a delegation from the north was to arrive for talks here on Sunday.
He opposed reviving the joint military commission aimed at ending clashes that took place before the crisis turned into full-scale war.
Asnaj also said he would accompany the southern "prime minister" Haidar Abu Bakr al-Attas to "some European capitals before travelling to Washington then the United Nations" in New York.
The 26-year-old Australian raced through the first two games in just over 20 minutes before Jackman fought back from a 2-7 deficit to take the third.
Japan, US unlikely to end trade dispute by G7 summit  TOKYO, June 19 (AFP)  Japan and the United States are unlikely to reach a final agreement in their "framework" trade negotiations before next month's G7 summit in July, Japanese trade minister Eijiro Hata said Sunday.
The observers, Paul Hare of the United States, Mikhail Bucharnikov of Russia and Rocha Paris of Portugal, returned overnight to Luanda and were due to meet President Jose Eduardo dos Santos to inform him of their talks in Huambo before flying on to Lusaka via Pretoria, LUSA said.
    BERLIN:        Russian troops to parade before leaving                    Berlin.
Reports said Prince Abdullah held talks on Tuesday with Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and later with Foreign Minister Shimon Peres before leaving Israel on Thursday.
The students announced plans to hold a series of demonstrations over the next few days, before returning peacefully to their campus.
"They are never serious  about peace," Abdallah al-Asnaj, named foreign minister of breakaway south  Yemen, said in Cairo before a delegation from the north was to arrive.
Metropolitan Transportation Authority chief Peter Stangl said he capitulated late Saturday to the union's demands "before it got bad out there."
But barely 90 minutes before the end of the race, Irvine's car was hit by gearbox problems -- and a pit-stop which saw the Porsches flash past him.
The Kiwis looked set to bat on after the break before a declaration.
Becker hit by injury scare again  LONDON, June 19 (AFP)  Germany's Boris Becker, a triple Wimbledon winner, was hit by an injury scare before this week's tournament.
Friday, the Chilean chancellor's office said it would seek a solution to the issue before before Cuban Foreign Minister Roberto Robaina visits Chile in August.
The tests are aimed at proving whether the man who ruled France for most of two decades before his defeat at Waterloo in 1815 was poisoned or died from stomach cancer as maintained by most historians.
The results of the FBI tests will not be known for three or four weeks and Snibbe has no intention of disclosing them before his association's annual congress to be held in the midwest city of Chicago from September 9 to 11.
Snibbe said he began collecting stamps from the Napoleonic empire before his passion grew and "a simple hobby became a vocation."
The northern delegation led by Colonel Ali Nasur Rashid and the southern delegates headed by Salem Saleh Mohamed, deputy secretary general of the Yemen Socialist Party (YSP), also set conditions before any face-to-face for talks.
Rashid repeated Sanaa's demands for a joint Yemeni military commission, created before war broke out on May 5, to supervise a ceasefire in the civil war.
Said Curry: "I won't know how to celebrate because this has never happened to me before.
However Houghton, with a snap drive from the edge of the box, and Andy Townsend, with a backpost header, both drew good saves from Pagliuca before Sheridan's shot clattered against the woodwork.
"It has to be one of the best results ever," Irish boss Jack Charlton said before giving his players the green light for a night on the town.
Four years ago the Netherlands were held 1-1 by Egypt in their opening game before going out in the second round.
Defender Mohamed Al Jawad said: "Nobody was giving much credit to Cameroon before the finals in Italy but they did a very good job.
Seles pulled out of Wimbledon in similarly mysterious circumstances on the Friday before the 1991 Championships, incurring the thinly veiled wrath of the tournament for her less than full explanation.
"The tie was disappointing, but we still have two matches to go," he said before boarding the team's flight to Chicago, where they will face reigning World Champions Germany.
Clemente was criticised for arriving in Dallas only two days before the meeting with South Korea.
Ten minutes before half time Hagi floated a 40 metre lob from the left touchline into the far corner of the stranded Cordoba's goal to make it 2-0.
Jorge Valentim, the UNITA spokesman who accompanied Beye to Huambo, told reporters in Lusaka before departure that "it is very important at this time that Mr. Beye should brief our leader on what has transpired in the past month."
Faced with less than 30 days before the UN's mission in Angola could come to an end, it appears that the rival negotiators here are desperate to show the world that they have not been sitting back doing nothing in Lusaka.
As Beye and his team return to Lusaka Tuesday, most observers will be eager to hear if he is coming back with a solution that will clear up the vexed question of power-sharing before the two sides can switch to the last part of the talks, that is discussions on the modalities of national reconciliation.
Valentim, who last week said his rebel movement had accepted all the posts that the government has offered it to speed up the talks, told AFP before leaving for Huambo that the question of the status of Savimbi and other top UNITA officials in a government of national unity will come up this week.
Early afternoon estimates put turnout as low as 15 percent in some districts, suggesting an overall figure of well under 50 percent when the polling stations closed at 8:00 p.m. (1800 GMT) The final figure on turnout was not expected until late Sunday evening and the results were not expected before Wednesday or Thursday.
Nobilo's chip from a greenside bunker got within six feet of the cup before rolling another 15 feet downhill off the front of the green.
Under the Declaration of Principles signed in Washington in September the Israeli army is due to withdraw out of the areas inhabited by Palestinians before elections are held.
The Russians trained at their camp at Cabrillo College Saturday before a final run-out at Stanford Stadium Sunday.
(LONDON) Young missed out on a century, just six short when he went to off- spinner Peter Such by edging to slip, but Shane Thomson and Adam Parore pushed the score on before the declaration.
The two gluco-protein "gp120" vaccines are designed to stimulate the body's immune system and increase its strength before AIDS infection.
Lancashire appeared to be struggling at 51 for three in the 15th over before Neil Fairbrother with 32 off 34 balls and Mike Watkinson with 28 off 26 added 46 runs in just six overs.
Friday, the Chilean chancellor's office said it would seek a solution to the issue before before Cuban Foreign Minister Roberto Robaina visits Chile in August.
Luis Alves's diving header from close range hit the inside of the post and bounced back up off him towards the goal before being cleared by Norwegian defender Henning Berg.
Final results are not expected before Wednesday or Thursday and partial forecasts were mixed late Saturday.
But in addition to this, "we discovered that before leaving, the Soviet army buried toxic waste to hide it," he said.
Peruvian referee Alberto Tejeda Noriega consulted linesmen Douglas James of Trinidad for possible offisde before awarding the goal.
Luis Alves's diving header from close range hit the inside of the post and bounced back up off him towards the goal before being cleared by Norwegian defender Henning Berg.
Peruvian referee Alberto Tejeda Noriega consulted linesmen Douglas James of Trinidad for possible offisde before awarding the goal.
According to the last census carried out in May 1991, six months before the country proclaimed independence, Macedonia has 2.3 million people of whom 64 percent are Macedonian, 21 percent Albanian and 2.3 percent Serb with the remainder composed of Turks, Gypsies, Wallachians and others.
Samper was born to a middle-class Bogota family August 3, 1950 and was educated as an economist and a lawyer before going into banking at the age of 20.
Gallucci however repeated that a wary Washington was awaiting official North Korean confirmation of Carter's apparent breakthrough through diplomatic channels before initiating a third round of talks with Pyongyang.
As a left winger, he won two world titles in 1958 and 1962, before leading Brazil to their third triumph in 1970.
US Congressman could get second visit to Aung San Suu Kyi  RANGOON, June 20 (AFP)  Burma's leading dissident Aung San Suu Kyi, in her fifth year under house arrest, is expected to meet again with US Congressman Bill Richardson before the end of the year, a reliable source said here.
Peruvian referee Alberto Tejeda Noriega consulted linesmen Douglas James, of Trinidad, before awarding the goal.
Luis Alves's diving header from close range hit the inside of the post and bounced back off his head before being headed off the line by Henning Berg, who plays for Blackburn in England.
The draft, which comprises 50 provisions, also calls for the abolition of another regulation requiring prospective cable-television companies to prove they can become profitable within a certain period before entering the market.
before the government issued a warning against one of its drugs.
Nippon Shoji, the country's fourth largest drug wholesaler, announced Sunday at a news conference in Osaka that 175 employees including a vice president and other top executives dumped shares before the warning in October last year.
Brahimi said he would meet Arab League secretary general Esmat Abdel Meguid before leaving on Tuesday for New York, when he will report back to UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali.
Strawberry entered the rehabilitation programme after missing a Dodgers exhibition game one day before the start of the season.
Political leaders warned frequently of possible violence following a call by Mugabe for ZANU-PF youths to launch a door-to-door campaign to drum up support ahead of elections due before next March.
Gallucci repeated that Washington was awaiting official North Korean confirmation of Carter's apparent breakthrough through diplomatic channels before initiating a third round of talks with Pyongyang.
You have to be very careful before you embark on such projects," one source said.
Long-term bank loans from the Korea Development Bank, which had been approved before 1992, were cut off after the presidential election.
He then shot and wounded another partner, Bokard Katz, 35, before turning the gun on himself in a suicide attempt, police said.
Dissatisfied with political management by the ruling coalition, the SDP left the government shortly before Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata formed his cabinet in late April.
                    NIreland-violence                     500 words around 1230 GMT     PARIS:          The resignation of party leader Michel Rocard                     plunges France's main opposition Socialists                     into crisis just 10 months before elections to                     replace President Francois Mitterrand.
Doe, who already knew she was to be deported, ran away a few hours before the time before her deportation came, the source said.
Dissatisfied with the political management of the ruling coalition, the SDP left the government shortly before Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata formed his cabinet in late April.
"The dollar looks set for a new day of sell-offs and could fall sharply if it drops below the 1.61-mark resistance level," predicted Paul Hammett, economist at Paribas Capital Markets, speaking before the greenback dropped lower.
On Tuesday they will hold talks with deputy commerce minister Mai Van Dau before going to Ho Chi Minh City, the main business centre.
"The capital structure of the joint venture will be determined when the final terms have been concluded by both parties," the company said, adding it hoped the joint-venture would be finalised before the end of the year.
He repeated that a wary Washington was awaiting official North Korean confirmation of Carter's apparent breakthrough through diplomatic channels before initiating a third round of talks with Pyongyang.
The Kabul meetings are described as "preliminary" before the larger Herat conference to which all faction leaders have been invited.
Seven H-2 launches have been scheduled before 1997.
Tutsis were said to make up about 15 percent of the population of some 7.5 million before the latest bloodletting claimed up to 500,000 lives.
Dollar falls through key 1.60-mark level  LONDON, June 20 (AFP)  The hard-pressed dollar fell through the important 1.60-mark resistance level to 1.5985 marks on Monday shortly before 1 p.m. (1200 GMT).
Socialists in crisis as presidential poll looms by Boni de Torhout  PARIS, June 20 (AFP)  The resignation of party leader Michel Rocard has plunged France's main opposition Socialist Party into one of its most serious crises ever just 10 months before elections to succeed President Francois Mitterrand.
Dollar falls through key 1.60-mark level  LONDON, June 20 (AFP)  The dollar fell through the important 1.60-mark resistance level to 1.5985 marks on Monday shortly before 1 p.m. (1200 GMT) -- its lowest level since October 12, 1993.
The day before he went into hospital some 15,000 supporters turned out.
Gooch, trying to get off the mark, was out leg before to a delivery of fullish length.
Dissatisfied with the political management of the ruling coalition, the SDP left the government shortly before Hata formed his cabinet in late April.
The day before he went into hospital some 15,000 supporters turned out.
The Kiwi all-rounder wrote himself into the record books just before the tea interval by taking the vital wicket of Alec Stewart.
Graeme Hick began confidently but faded before falling lbw to Chris Pringle for 37.
In May, the government promised a cabinet debate on the subject, saying the result would not be announced before the European elections on June 9.
Yongbyon had discharged some 8,000 nuclear waste rods before the inspectors could get there to supervise the process, but they are still too hot for any extraction of plutonium, Meyer said.
But it could be put back into service before the winter to help meet the country's energy needs.
Paris Bourse cuts day's loss to 1.7 percent  PARIS, June 20 (AFP)  The Paris Bourse sharply cut earlier losses before the close on Monday as the CAC 40 index ended the day at 1,903.04 points, off 1.7 percent by comparison with the Friday finish.
An American Security Bank trader said the banks would wait before taking any action as the market was not yet short on dollars despite the selloff over the past few days by European investment funds.
It started its odyssey on March 14 at Buckingham Palace and was received by heads of state in Kenya, New Zealand, Australia, India, Malaysia and Jamaica before starting its coast to coast journey in Canada.
Roberts stumbled on the fifth hole, driving into the tall grass before hitting into high rough left of the green.
Roberts stumbled on the fifth hole, driving into the tall grass before hitting into high rough left of the green.
The two sides disagree on how to set up a ceasefire mechanism, with the south insisting on international observers and the north pressing for a joint Yemeni military commission set up before the war to be reactivated.
Simpson, who pleaded no contest in 1989 to a charge he beat his ex- wife, hinted at such a passion in a letter he wrote Friday before his arrest.
And business has been booming at the Mezzaluna restuarant where Goldman worked and where Nicole Simpson had dined before her murder.
A Uruguayan peacekeeper was killed and another from Bangladesh was seriously wounded after Hutu militiamen drove UN troops out of a hotel before attacking Tutsi refugeees sheltering there on Friday.
If the Italians do make any changes before Thursday's game, they are unlikely to announce them in advance.
"We gave out too much information before the Ireland game," Baggio said.
Boutros-Ghali cited the precedent of the US-led force that intervened in Somalia in December 1992 before the operation was taken over by the United Nations itself.
Boutros-Ghali cited the precedent of the US-led force that intervened in Somalia in December 1992 before the operation was taken over by the United Nations itself.
Roberts stumbled on the fifth hole, driving into the tall grass before hitting into high rough left of the green.
The 26-year-old German revealed that he had invited Pierce to dinner at his Wimbledon home the night before she made her decision.
Earlier the greenback fell momentarily below 1.6 German marks for the first time in eight months before covering actions brought it back up in the absence of central bank intervention.
Arguing that Greece's WEU application has already been approved by Britain, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg and Spain, European Affairs Minister Alain Lamassoure said that it would be "unfortunate" to send a negative signal to Greece, just four days before an EU summit meeting in the Greek island of Corfu at the weekend.
"We gave out too much information before the Ireland game," Baggio said.
"I will be probably going to the Middle East sometime before the summer is out.
I expect to be going sometime in a relative near future," he said before a lunch with the visiting King Hussein of Jordan.
"I would expect that before the summer is out, we'll see some progress being made."
Graeme Hick began confidently but faded before falling lbw to Chris Pringle for 37.
Just before tea Nash had him caught at gulley by Martin Crowe to claim his place in the records.
Angus Fraser battled it out in company with Rhodes for 35 minutes before inexplicably padding up to a straight ball from Hart.
Alketas Panagoulias vowed that Greece would "play and win" before naming a squad which inlcuded two strikers and a loaded midfield.
Because of a complicated vote counting procedure, the results of the elections will not be known before the end of the week.
Roberts stumbled on the fifth hole, driving into the tall grass before hitting into high rough left of the green.
He then sat for three hours after the game before he could produce a urine sample for the official random drugs test and was later violently ill on the plane back to Orlando, where the Irish play Mexico on Friday.
But he needed to survive two set points in the opening set before surging back.
But Queen's winner Todd Martin had to stave off a defiant comeback from South African Grant Stafford before going through in five sets.
(LONDON) Nine-times champion and fourth-seed Martina Navratilova was given a standing ovation by the Wimbledon fans in her first match of her final campaign before retirement.
Issaka predicted the return of at least two thirds of the Liberian exiles before elections announced for next September.
The prosecutor on the case, Gil Garcetti, said before Monday's arraignment he expected Simpson eventually to confess and argue that he was driven by a murderous rage when he slashed his ex-wife and her male friend to death.
Simpson, who pleaded no contest in 1989 to a charge he beat his ex- wife, wrote in a letter before his arrest Friday that "if we had a problem, it's because I loved her so much."
Romario pounced on Bebeto's 26th minute corner to stab home from close-range before his marker Vladislav Ternawski could move.
"I had had that same putt before.
Friday, the Chilean chancellor's office said it would seek a solution to the issue before before Cuban Foreign Minister Roberto Robaina visits Chile in August.
Romario stabbed Bebeto's corner home from close range before his marker, Vladislav Ternawski, could move.
Shapiro, appearing before reporters after the hearing, declined to discuss the defense strategy.
Simpson, who pleaded no contest in 1989 to a charge he beat his ex- wife, wrote in a letter before his arrest Friday that "if we had a problem, it's because I loved her so much."
Majed limped off just before the interval.
Gunman kills two at Air Force base  SPOKANE, Washington, June 20 (AFP)  A gunman opened fire Monday at an air base hospital Monday, killed two people and injuring 22 before he was shot and killed by military police, officials said.
Revenue is expected to be at 99 billion rand (27.2 billion dollars), leaving an estimated deficit before borrowing of 26 billion rand (7.2 billion dollars), or about 6.4 percent of Gross Domestic Product.
This is getting uncomfortably close to a debt trap situation, economists say, warning that potential investors will wait to see how Keys tackles the deficit before committing new money to South Africa.
Majed, who limped off just before half time, was denied a second when De Goey fell on the ball in the penalty area with his defence nowhere.
The institute received initial backing to operate in the teeming camps from the Iranian-backed Hezbollah before going it alone in 1992.
He was to testify before the Senate, and on Friday invited Vice President Al Gore and Virginia state officials to the premiere of Disney's next projected blockbuster, "The Lion King", and a lavish dinner in front of a real lion's cage at Washington's National Zoo.
William -- who is 12 Tuesday -- had visited a shelter before, and Harry, nine, had asked to join him the next time.
George Fay, Michael's father, said his son would first go home to shower before visiting the US embassy.
Gullit walked out on the team for reasons he has yet to explain just before they caught the plane for the States.
The loss to Romania, before a throng of disappointed Colombian fans at Pasadena's Rose Bowl, sent shock waves through Colombia and sparked a torrent of finger-pointing in the national press.
Romario scored before his marker, Vladislav Ternawski, could move and Rai converted the first penalty of this tournament after Ternawski whipped Romario's legs from under him.
More of them will be found on US courses next year, but Els had planned that before his Open title.
Orders from Japan, the island's leading supplier, represented 12.13 percent of the total, and were up 0.07 percent on the year before.
But the PDB had said before the start of World Cup finals in the United States that they would try to ensure uninterrupted supply.
Gunman kills four, wounds 19 and is shot to death at Air Force base  SPOKANE, Washington, June 20 (AFP)  A gunman opened fire at an air base hospital Monday, killing four people and wounding 19 others before he was shot and killed by military police in a parking lot, the sheriff's department said.
They lost the first Test 14-9 but won the second 24-12 before being beaten 25-22 by a cool-headed penalty by fullback Allan Hewson several minutes into injury time in the deciding Test.
The ruling parties, including Hosokawa's Japan New Party, decided against taking his testimony shortly before his scheduled appearance in the Lower House budget committee.
He was speaking to journalists in Jerusalem before addressing a meeting of the United Jewish Appeal which raises money for Israeli causes.
Randy Chan, Michael Fay's mother, said however that the family would host a small reception at their home Tuesday evening for her son to say farewell to friends before leaving Singapore.
Gunman kills four, wounds 19 and is shot to death at base  SPOKANE, Washington, June 20 (AFP)  An unbalanced former serviceman opened fire at an air base hospital Monday, killing four people and wounding 19 others before he was shot to death by military police, the sheriff's department said.
In Hong Kong, heavy selling drove the key Hang Seng Index down more than two percent, ending the morning session down 180.23 points at 8,817.95, but buyers returned in volatile afternoon trading to put a brake on the slide, lifting it back to around 8,860.73 half-an-hour before the close.
"The bubble must go away before we can go to more normal developments in the bond market," he said.
This policy would represent a major departure from South Korea's past position that the amount of plutonium North Korea had diverted for possible weapons must be known before Washington resumed high-level talks with Pyongyang.
Some 8,000 spent nuclear rods were removed from the reactor before the arrival of the inspectors to supervise the process, but the rods are still too hot for any extraction of plutonium.
But it could be put back into service before the winter to help meet the country's energy needs.
The Yu Xin Textiles and Dyeing Factory, a joint venture between Chinese and Hong Kong investors, collapsed Friday as around 200 people were inside salvaging machinery and cotton bales after a fire the day before.
Valentin Varennikov, former general and deputy Soviet defense minister, appeared before a military collegium of the Russian Supreme Court again facing charges of treason and conspiracy.
The results of the tests will not be known for two weeks, but Snibbe has no intention of disclosing them before the society holds its annual congress in Chicago September 9 to 11.
The Sittas enlisted in the new police force in May but walked out before the end of the month claiming they were not protected against Israeli agents who wanted to kill them.
JVPC is hoping to negotiate the development of two more wells before the end of the year.
Border customs returns were used to measure trade before January 1, 1993.
Hipolito Patricio said that just before leaving the United States at the weekend he signed the formal agreement extending 180 million dollar credit to help economic recovery in general and 20 million dollars to aid recovery for the havoc wreaked by cyclone 'Nadia' which hit the country's northern coast in April.
"We have also asked the justice minister to put a bill before parliament to ban the use of torture," she added.
Robinson, the first Irish head of state to visit Poland, was due to meet later Tuesday with Foreign Minister Andrzej Olechowski and Wednesday with Prime Minister Waldemar Pawlak before travelling Thursday to Krakow in the south and Friday to the western city of Poznan.
URGENT  WASHINGTON, June 21 (AFP)  The US trade deficit jumped to 8.40 billion dollars in April, sharply higher than the month before, the Commerce Department said Tuesday.
US trade deficit leaps to 8.40 billion dollars  WASHINGTON, June 21 (AFP)  The US trade deficit jumped to 8.40 billion dollars in April, sharply higher than the month before, the Commerce Department said Tuesday.
He was briefed on the latest situation before leaving with local officials to tour badly hit areas by plane, the brief dispatch said, without giving latest casualty figures.
Christopher, who shuttled between Jerusalem and Damascus at the end of April and again in mid-May, said Monday he would probably be back in the Middle East before the end of the summer.
Israel demands a commitment for total peace from Syria before detailing the scale of a withdrawal.
US trade deficit leaps to 8.40 billion dollars  WASHINGTON, June 21 (AFP)  The US trade deficit jumped to 8.40 billion dollars in April, sharply higher than the month before, the Commerce Department said Tuesday.
Appearing before the lower house budget committee for the first time in more than two months, Hosokawa said he had received 100 million yen (980,000 dollars) in loans from Tokyo Sagawa Kyubin Co. in 1982, which he had repaid.
Eberstad blamed "huge speculation" for the current "nervousness" in global bond markets, saying: "The bubble must go away before we can go to more normal developments in the bond market."
But he must pass a medical before sealing the deal.
Housekeeper Mavis Mhbele told journalists that an empty library inside the 100-roomed palace was full of books before Banda left last week after being ousted in elections in May.
On the bond market, interest rates on 30-year Treasury bonds rose to 7.49 percent against 7.475 percent before the deficit report and from 7.46 percent Monday.
The measure brought reprimands from most of Greece's EU allies who took the matter before the European Court of Justice where a decision is pending.
Kozyrev reiterated Russia's call for an international conference on the North Korean crisis before departing for Brussels to hold a meeting with US Secretary of State Warren Christopher on North Korea, ITAR-TASS said in a separate report.
"We have the impression of betraying everybody," one of them, Michel Sounalet, said before they joined a UN convoy heading for neighbouring Tanzania.
It's prudent to consider a variety of options before making a decision like that."
"He appears to have received good news from his meetings in Angola and before they went into their meeting today both sides looked ready for a positive result," said the diplomatic source.
Valentim said on the issue of power-sharing, Beye was assured by Savimbi that his movement will provide him with a definite and final answer before the end of the month.
Valentim confirmed the two sides are yet to tackle the modalities of national reconciliation then shift to discussing the timetable for the implementation of the peace agreement before the Lusaka protocols can be signed and announced.
"Convoys pass through Croat zones without being looted outrageously, which is what often happened before," he said.
The arms came by air to Ancona in Italy, continuing by boat to Split on the Croatian coast before being unloaded onto 34 trucks, he said.
In a letter to the leaders outlining the summit's agenda, he said failure to do so would not leave the European Parliament enough time to properly ratify the eventual nominee before he is due to take office on January 5.
(LONDON) Mary Pierce withdrew from Wimbledon on Saturday, less than 48 hours before the start of the championships, citing "reasons far beyond my control".
The final condition was that the operation should be limited in time -- a maximum of several weeks -- before planned UN peacekeeping troops arrive.
Bank deposits, the barometre of investors confidence in the banking sector, surged to around 10 billion dollars from three billion dollars before 1990 while the combined bank capital jumped by eight times to 400 million dollars.
The announcement said that before carrying out any operations that have been suspended, "the bank must concert with the prime minister".
Financial circles said that even before setting up his government, Kengo was intent on controlling government finance - of which the opposition press has constantly denounced the deterioration.
They expect the measures to remain in effect for a limited time, and say the main purpose is to make an "inventory" of the financial situation before the new government takes over from the outgoing one headed by Faustin Birindwa.
They noted that the central bank has to "concert" with the premier before carrying out any "suspended" operations, and that they are not "forbidden".
The general rapporteur of the chamber's Finance Committee told correspondents that such a move might entail a start to building up a core of stable shareholders ("noyau dur"), without putting Renault shares on the market, and that in any case it would not occur "before October or November".
It's prudent to consider a variety of options before making a decision like that."
The Greeks took a full 13 minutes before they had their first shot on target -- a limp overhead kick from Panagiotis Tsalouchidis, the 31 -year-old Olympiakos defender.
He was the man responsible for policing Diego Maradona and fouled the 33-year-old star eight times before he was booked for a tackle from behind in the 24th minute.
Figures given by the Finance Department indicate that the projected deficit before borrowing for 1994/95 will be 26 billion rand (7.2 billion dollars), which amounts to 6.4 percent of Gross Domestic Product (GDP).
Stemp hauled up before TCCB court  LONDON, June 21 (AFP)  England hopeful Richard Stemp will appear before a disciplinary panel on the day England assemble for the next Test.
(picture) Pre-treaty meeting with Rabin "very possible": King Hussein by Veronica Smith  WASHINGTON, June 21 (AFP)  King Hussein of Jordan said Tuesday he was ready to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin before a peace treaty is signed by the two countries.
"We're on the verge of beginning serious negotiations that hopefully could lead to the establishment of peace," added the king, who repeated that a meeting with Rabin before a treaty is signed was "very possible, very possible."
Asked whether he would visit Jerusalem before a peace treaty is signed, he replied, "I think speculation is way ahead" of events, but added, "I hope to be able to visit Jerusalem."
"We will be talking about the role the United States will be playing with them and the other countries of Centeral and Eastern Europe now and in the years ahead," Clinton said before their meeting in the Oval office.
Dollar falls below 100 yen, markets fear intervention  LONDON, June 21 (AFP)  The dollar fell in Europe Tuesday to a record low against the yen, dropping to 99.92 yen in London before bouncing back to 100.37 after closing Monday at 101.95, sparking fears of central bank intervention.
Peter Luxton, an economist at Barclays Bank in London said, "there was no real trigger for this latest fall," it was simply a move by operators to see how far they could sell the dollar before central banks intervened.
"The central banks are preparing a severe punishment," he added, waiting until the dealers had sold off their dollars before counter- attacking with a massive intervention.
In Paris, the dollar ended the day steady at 101.25 yen but dropped to 1.5935 marks from 1.5960 marks the day before.
The Greeks took a full 13 minutes before they had their first shot on target -- a limp overhead kick from Panagiotis Tsalouchidis, the 31 -year-old Olympiakos defender.
He was the man responsible for policing Maradona and fouled the 33 -year-old star eight times before he was booked for a tackle from behind in the 24th minute.
Seconds before that goal, Greece had brought on their veteran captain Mitropoulos to shore up midfield.
The opposition Barbados Labour Party's successful no-confidence motion forced the general elections to be held a year and a half before they were due.
The United States responded generously, initially considering an exchange rate of 330 yen before finally opting for 360 yen, effectively overvaluing the dollar by as much as 33 percent from the lowest level recommended by Young.
The Japanese unit has since fluctuated widely before resuming its ascent to a series of all-time highs last year under pressure from President Bill Clinton's administration to narrow Japan's snowballing trade surplus.
Speaking before the Business Roundtable of top corporate leaders, Clinton reiterated that he would make approval of the Uruguay Round of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) a priority this year.
The official also said the United States and Russia were readying a new draft resolution text on North Korea which likely would be put before the UN Security Council in the next few days if Pyongyang rejects the US offer.
But the official acknowledged it would be some time before a possible vote at UN headquarters in New York.
But Yorkshire looked to be on course for the second round after reaching 116 for three in 28 overs before bad light finally stopped play.
Oxford reached three without loss from two overs before the weather intervened.
Defender Panagiotis Tsalouchidis was the man responsible for policing Maradona and fouled the 33-year-old star eight times before he was booked for a tackle from behind in the 24th minute.
Only seconds before Maradona's goal, Greece had brought on 36-year-old Mitropoulos for his 74th cap, to shore up the side.
Wife of Spanish corruption suspect ordered to surrender passport  MADRID, June 21 (AFP)  The wife of Spain's fugitive former Civil Guard chief has been ordered to appear before a judge Wednesday to surrender her passport, judicial officials said.
Antonio Romero, a leftist legislator sitting on the parliamentary panel probing the Roldan case, said he had been in contact with Rodriguez and that she had assured him she would appear before the judge as ordered.
"We want to see what the EAEC will look like" before commenting further, Lord said.
Spain created the first opening after ten minutes when Luis Enrique found Sergi down the left and the Barcelona defender cut inside before unleashing a shot which the diving Bodo Illgner just managed to push away for a corner.
Tapie appeared for less than five minutes before the commission, saying he had no business being there and denouncing what he called efforts to "throw me out of French political life".
Tapie's immunity was lifted once before in December 1993 when he faced corruption chrges concerning his weighing machine company Testut and the Olympique Marseille football team, which he owns.
According to the new law, everyone who entered the country after 1940 -- the date at which it was annexed by the old Soviet Union -- and before independence in 1990 will be considered an "illegal" and will have to wait until the year 2000 before they can be naturalised.
In April, the heads of the top seven US tobacco companies testified before Waxman's subcommittee that their companies did not alter nicotine levels.
The official also said the United States and Russia were readying a new draft resolution on North Korea which likely will be put before the UN Security Council in the next few days if Pyongyang rejects the US offer.
However it would be some time before a vote could take place at the United Nations in New York, he official added.
"We cannot do any calculations before the second game in the group.
Let them go to the conference and plead their case before that assemblage representing the widest possible spectrum of Nigerian society as a whole".
Shares on Wall Street also took a beating with the Dow Jones Index of blue-chip stocks dropping 52.96 points before closing 33.61 points off at 3,708.29.
Spain created the first opening after ten minutes when Luis Enrique found Sergi down the left and the Barcelona defender cut inside before unleashing a shot which the diving Bodo Illgner just managed to push away for a corner.
The government must submit the choice to lawmakers in August and the contract is expected to be awarded before the October presidential election, the source said.
Brazil's central defence has already been depeleted by the loss of Benfica's Carlos Mozer, ruled out by hepatitis B before the finals, and Paris St Germain's Ricardo Gomes who tore a thigh muscle six days before the tournament opened.
In New York, the US unit fell to a record low of 99.85 yen before rising to 100.35 yen late Tuesday.
Three minutes before half time Yekini turned provider when he crossed from the right, Daniel Amokachi broke free from his marker in the area, took the ball to the left and and fired home a left-footed shot.
"I've never scored before so I was even happier."
The judges ruled that Chabot had erred in not obtaining a confirmatory opinion from a colleague before administering a lethal dose to Hilly Bosscher, 50, who was suffering from severe depression and wanted to die.
The victim was found by an ambulance crew in a staunchly Republican area in the Ardoyne, north Belfast, just before midnight.
Three minutes before half time Yekini turned provider when he crossed from the right, Daniel Amokachi broke free from his marker in the area, took the ball to the left and and fired home a left-footed shot.
Even Stoichkov, in doubt before the match because of a hamstring injury, made no impression in the second half.
An agreed alliance with the giant US carrier Delta, still to be approved by the US authorities before starting in November, will give him access to internal US routes.
"Never in the history of diplomacy has a weak hand been played so strongly," said Seoul-based North Korean analyst Mike Breen, who travels frequently to North Korea, and who was speaking before the Moscow report reached here.
Three minutes before half-time Daniel Amokachi escaped his marker in the area, took the ball to the left and and fired home a blistering left footed shot.
Even Stoichkov, who had been in doubt before the match because of a hamstring injury, made no impression in the second half.
"We know a point would do us but we know we can beat Italy, we have done it before and we will be looking to win this match," Olsen said.
Rekdal was ever present in Norway's qualifying campaign, scoring five goals, but was dropped by coach Egil Olsen only three weeks before the finals when he brought in Erik Mykland for the international against Denmark.
The Indonesian press had been encouraged to display a freer tone before Suharto's re-election for a sixth five-year term in March 1993.
There have also been fears on both the Japanese and the US side that Akihito and the empress could be badly embarrassed by a small but vociferous group of mainly Chinese- and Korean-American demonstrators who have doggedly followed the tour to protest what they allege is Japan's failure to fully atone for atrocities its armed forces committed before and during World War II.
After shaking hands before a replica of the superpowers' Apollo-Soyuz space ships that linked up in space in 1975, Gore stressed that the US-Russian partnership in space would "benefit the world, not just the United States and Russia."
Parums told AFP he had been given a light anaesthetic which put him to sleep before the operation and it was when that wore off he realised he was awake on the operating table while the scalpel was piercing his skin.
"Apparently King Hussein has the impression that Syrian President Hafez al-Assad is moving forward without asking his opinion, just as Yasser Arafat did before.
It appeared he head-butted another Nelson Bays player before hooker Shane Carter emerged from the bottom of a pile-up throwing punches and then attacking Blond.
Colin Lott kicked two penalties but failed to give Nelson Bays a half- time lead when he missed his fourth penalty attempt six minutes before the break.
"It seems that prospects (for a first-ever North-South summit) are better than ever  -- which is not saying much because before they were almost nil -- but you can say they are better than at any time in the past," Han said.
The vote came hours before Kozyrev was to sign in Brussels the partnership agreement that was to be coupled with a declaration on bilateral relations between NATO and Russia.
Syarwan said he was concerned at the ban and added that the information ministry should have considered the move carefully before acting.
Arafat delays return until mid-July at the earliest  JERICHO, West Bank, June 22 (AFP)  PLO chief Yasser Arafat, who was expected here by the end of June, will not be coming before the middle of next month, a senior Palestinian official said Wednesday.
Rajub refused to reveal the exact date of the PLO chief's arrival but said: "He is not expected before mid-July."
He said questions such as the release of thousands of Palestinians from Israeli jails "must be settled before he comes."
Israeli measures at checkpoints around Jericho must be addressed before Arafat's visit, he added.
French plans to deploy up to 2,000 troops, before the United Nations can boost its own mission in the central African country, are bitterly opposed by rebels of the Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF), who have said they would treat the sending of French soldiers to Rwanda as an invasion.
In Moscow shortly before the signing in Brussels, communists and ultranationalists failed Wednesday by only nine votes to pass a last- minute resolution in parliament invalidating Russia's signature of a NATO partnership agreement, news agencies reported.
He said a vote was possible before the end of the day.
The company, with annual sales of around 80 million dollars, posted earnings before interest and tax of around 6.96 million dollars and a net profit of about 3.94 million dollars in the year to December 31, 1993.
The talks were aimed at seeking a political settlement to end the fighting before the 18 month tenures of Rabbani and Hekmatyar expire June 28.
It began before dawn and lasted five hours, they said.
The dollar rose to 100.95 yen from 100.37 at Tuesday's close in London after slumping to a postwar low of 99.92 yen, shortly before the close.
He fled just before the war ended but returned to Bangladesh in 1978, using a Pakistani passport, ostensibly to see his ailing mother.
US officials are now concentrating their efforts on "priority cases" -- soldiers who were seen alive shortly before they vanished.
The MIA office in Hanoi said US experts still have about 60 sites in the country to sift through before the search is exhausted.
Baid was defiant, saying the Yemen Democratic Republic declared on May 21 "is certainly better than the union that existed before."
Ex-Khmer Rouge fighters spend eight to 10 weeks at this military-run re-education camp just east of the capital before graduating with the offer of a post, and possible promotion, in the Cambodian army.
Their departure was delayed as the rebels searched their luggage before allowing them to go.
Arafat delays return until mid-July at the earliest by Nejla Sammakia  JERICHO, West Bank, June 22 (AFP)  PLO chief Yasser Arafat, who was expected here by the end of June will not be coming before the middle of next month, a senior Palestinian official said Wednesday.
Colonel Jibril Rajub, head of preventive security in the new Palestinian self-rule enclave of Jericho, said "Arafat is not expected before mid-July."
According to the new law, everyone who entered the country after 1940 -- the date awhen it was forcibly annexed by the old Soviet Union -- and before independence in 1990 will be considered "illegal" residents and will have to wait until the year 2000 before they can be naturalised.
Most are tranquilized to avoid stress and are confined for at least four weeks before the auction to provide, Meikeljohn said, "the fattest and healthiest game on sale in Africa."
Dealers believe the currency is currently being sustained by threats of a "massive punishment" from central banks who will wait until dealers have sold off dollars before counter-attacking with massive intervention.
Keys, speaking before parliament, said the one-time levy to offset the cost of transition to democracy would affect all people earning more than 50,000 rand (13,700 dollars) a year, the vast majority of whom will be white.
According to the new law, everyone who entered the country after 1940 -- the date awhen it was forcibly annexed by the old Soviet Union -- and before independence in 1990 will be considered "illegal" residents and will have to wait until the year 2000 before they can be naturalised.
"It will be some time before we can eliminate that problem," said Long, himself a Miao.
But, Taher said, "Our bold initiative is the first time any commercial organization has placed national interest before its own."
Keys, speaking before parliament, said the one-time levy to offset the cost of transition to democracy would affect all people earning more than 50,000 rand (13,700 dollars) a year, the vast majority of whom will be white.
He told reporters before presenting the budget that he believed the levy would not adversly affect the market.
Keys also committed the government to maintaining fiscal discipline, announcing that the deficit before borrowing would be 6.6 percent of the gross domestic product (GDP), down from the previous year's 6.9 percent.
This would leave a deficit before borrowing of 29.27 billion rand (8 billion dollars), up from 27.39 billion rand (7.5 billion dollars) in 1993.
Taylor's rebels attack Liberian army, minister claims  MONROVIA, June 22 (AFP)  Rebels of Charles Taylor's National Patriotic Front of Liberia (NPFL) attacked soldiers of a rival armed group in Louisville before dawn Tuesday, a minister in Liberia's transitional government said here Wednesday.
In another incident, fighting was also reported to have broken out before dawn Tuesday between factions from the rival Mandingo and Krahn clans within the armed United Liberation Movement (ULIMO) near a displaced camp in Brewerville, 20 kilometers (12 miles) north-west of Monrovia.
"It seems that prospects are better than ever -- which is not saying much because before they were almost nil -- but you can say they are better than at any time in the past," Han said.
Harp's kidnapping caused a stir in Mexico, coming two months after a peasant uprising in southeastern Mexico that killed 150 people and just days before the assassination of leading presidential candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio.
He told reporters before presenting the budget to parliament that he believed the levy would not adversly affect the market.
Keys committed the government to maintaining fiscal discipline, announcing that the deficit before borrowing would be 6.6 percent of the gross domestic product, a drop from the previous year's 6.9 percent.
This would leave a deficit before borrowing of 29.27 billion rand (8 billion dollars), up from 27.39 billion rand (7.5 billion dollars) in 1993.
The price of the OPEC basket of seven crudes on Monday hit a record 17.04 dollars this year before it eased to 16.98 dollars on Tuesday.
It quoted the unnamed sources as saying on Monday that the recent "3-4 dollar" price improvement was from a very low base and a further rise of two dollars per barrel would be on the cards before the end of this year.
But he said further gains were likely to be limited as investors remain on hold ahead of an appearance before the US House Budget Committee by Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan.
The two men held a bilateral meeting before a ceremony at which Russia signed up to the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation's partnership for peace programme of military cooperation with the former Soviet bloc.
The SDP left the ruling camp shortly before Hata formed his cabinet in late April.
Dollar stead, but fragile  NEW YORK, June 22 (AFP)  The dollar was steady but fragile here Wednesday morning in nervous trading after the rout the day before and in anticipation of Federal Reserve Chairman Allan Greenspan testimony to Congress.
A little before 10 a.m. (1400 GMT), the dollar was trading at 1,6015 German marks against 1.5945 Tuesday at the end of the day and at 100.85 yen against 100.35.
Syarwan said he was concerned at the ban and added that the information ministry should have considered the move carefully before acting.
But the rise in prices remains moderate, he said in a statement before a congressional committee.
Traders exercised restraint ahead of Wednesday's scheduled testimony by Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan before a congressional committee.
But the rise in prices remains moderate, he said in a statement before a congressional committee.
Arrest of Kurdish MPs taken before Rights Commission  STRASBOURG, June 22 (AFP)  Attorneys representing six Kurdish deputies arrested in Turkey on Wednesday asked the European Commission on Human Rights to intervene on their behalf.
The deficit before borrowing would be 29.27 billion rand (8.02 billion dollars) for 1994-95, up from 27.39 billion rand (7.5 billion dollar) in the last budget, he said, adding that although the deficit was higher in money terms, it represented a drop in real terms because of GDP growth.
Baid meanwhile refused to go back on his May 21 declaration of a breakaway state, the Yemen Democratic Republic, saying it was "certainly better than the union that existed before."
The latter, known as the floor rate and fixed at 4.5 percent since May 13, is below the repo rate - which stood at 5.05 to 5.06 percent before Tuewer spoke, though it was cut on Wednesday to 5.00 to 5.01.
In any case, economists expect a further cut in key rates before the end of the year, with the discount rate at four percent at the end of 1994.
July 20 promises to be the highlight, when a smaller fragment is due to strike just 27 minutes before the biggest one enters Jupiter's atmosphere.
But when he said nothing about the dollar, the latter fell back below 1.60 marks and 100.50 yen before rallying again at the announcement of Mr. Bentsen's planned statement.
The inquest jury at Epsom watched a video of the race before reaching their verdict.
"We are not happy with some of the refereeing," said FIFA secretary Sepp Blatter who before the tournament started had threatened to send home referees who did not send off players who tackled from behind.
"Our partnership and efforts to work together in space benefit the world, not just the United States and Russia," Gore said before an audience of 500 invited to the premiere of a movie called "Destiny in Space."
The dollar firmed before Clinton's remarks.
On Capitol Hill, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan sounded a similar theme as he testified before the House of Representatives Budget Committee.
Israel demands a commitment for total peace from Syria before detailing the scale of a withdrawal.
The FIFA president, Joao Havelange, vowed before the championships that any player who tackled from behind would be shown a red card and any referee who did not follow FIFA instructions would be send packing.
Gallucci was then to go on to IAEA headquarters in Vienna for talks with IAEA chief Hans Blix on Thursday before returning to Washington.
The man was arrested when police learned that he had contacted dating services even before his wife died.
The businessman appeared for less than five minutes before the committee Tuesday.
Tapie's immunity was lifted once before in December 1993 when he faced corruption charges concerning his weighing machine company Testut and the Olympique Marseille football team, which he owns.
(AFP) Spectators rolling in More fans are turning up for World Cup matches than ever before according to FIFA.
But we know we have beaten them before and we can do it again."
Middlesex skittled their hosts Minor Counties Wales for 104 before Haynes helped secure victory with an unbeaten 64.
Yorkshire, resuming overnight on 116 for three, slid to 137 for five before White teamed up with Paul Grayson in an 87-run stand.
He fouled Maradona with umpunity, including one nasty tackle from behind which should have earned an automatic red card, before Angelos booked him midway through the first half.
FIFA president Joao Havelange vowed before the championships that any player who tackled from behind would be sent off and any referee who did not follow FIFA instructions would be sent home.
They looked to be gaining the ascendancy until Hagi struck 10 minutes before half-time.
Midaj, quoted by official agency KUNA, said Kuwait wanted its quota to return to pre-August 1990 levels, before the invasion by Iraq.
Midaj added that Kuwait was considering opening its oil market to foreign companies after almost 20 years of state control, and that studies would be complete before the end of the year.
Speaking to a small group of reporters in the Oval Office before talks with Jordan's King Hussein, Clinton praised the monarch for "his courage and vision" and his efforts to make peace with Israel.
Courier, who dropped a set before seeing off plucky Byron Black of Zimbabwe 6-1, 6-7 (5/7), 6-3, 6-4, welcomed the showdown.
The living legend, who is playing in the Championships for the last time before retirement and who is hoping to increase her record number of singles victories in the event to ten, faces 29-year-old Sandra Cecchini of Italy.
Vasquez was recalled to help Argentina reach the finals, but damaged knee ligaments in training before the first game here.
Gheorghe Hagi equalised for Romania with a superb solo goal 10 minutes before half-time.
Mammoth transport planes disgorged troops, vehicles and helicopters in Zaire and the Central African Republic on Wednesday as the operation gathered steam even before the United Nations gave the expected green light.
White said that the mainly Tutsi rebels of the Rwandan Patriotic Front have allowed the emigration of those orphans whose adoptions were formalized before the outbreak of hostilities.
Sutter said he had a painkilling injection before the match on a little toe on his left foot he had broken in the previous match.
Greenpeace said the reactors on which work started before the disintegration of the Soviet Union were 70 percent finished and that France, Germany and some officials "in the US Administration" wanted to help Ukraine finish the job.
Herman Gaviria shot against US goalkeeper Tony Meola from point-blank range and the ball rebounded off defender Mike Sorber and onto the post before Fernando Clavijo hooked clear.
Romania, impressive 3-1 winners over fancied Colombia in Los Angeles last Saturday, took a pummelling before 61,428 fans in the Pontiac Silverdome.
Gheorghe Hagi equalised with a rasping strike from 20 metres nine minutes before half-time but the Swiss obliterated Romania with a flurry of goals after the break.
As well as Bonn, Li's tour will include a cruise on the Rhine and visits to Berlin and the cultural centres of Potsdam and Weimar before ending up in Bavaria.
Thousands of people accompanied him back to his home and police round the house moved away, but once the crowd dispersed they returned, and shortly before midnight (2300 GMT) aides said Abiola's arrest seemed imminent.
Substitute Adolfo Valencia, who came on at half-time for star striker Faustino Asprilla who had another hopeless game, made it 2-1 in the last minute for the Colombians who had been hit by a death threat before the match.
Both sides had narrow escapes before Escobar gave the Americans the lead.
Gaviria shot against US goalkeeper Tony Meola from point-blank range and the ball rebounded off defender Mike Sorber and onto the post before Fernando Clavijo cleared.
They need a guarantee before we play Brazil if we are to have any chance," said Michel who coached France to the 1984 Olympic title and the 1986 World Cup semi-finals.
Goalkeeper Joseph-Antoine Bell, who led a pay-strike just before the 1990 World Cup in Italy which cost him his place in the side, hoped a compromise could be worked out quickly.
But he said there were "too many differences" and the government would be having more consultations in Niamey before a new round of talks in Algiers.
Both sides had narrow escapes before Escobar gave the Americans the lead.
"Russia is playing with tactics that they haven't used before," Svensson said Wednesday.
Somehow Penev must find a way to blend his European stars together before next Sunday, or face another humiliating defeat at the hands of Greece.
Cameroon players ready to strike by Mark Oakley  SAN FRANCISCO, California, June 22 (AFP)  Fed-up Cameroon players are threatening a World Cup strike unless they are paid before Friday's meeting with Brazil here.
Goalkeeper Joseph-Antoine Bell, who led a pay strike just before the 1990 World Cup in Italy which cost him his place in the side, said on Wednesday that he hoped a compromise could be worked out quickly to the dispute over wages and bonuses.
They need a guarantee before we play Brazil if we are to have any chance," said Michel, who coached France to the 1984 Olympic title and the 1986 World Cup semi-finals.
Just before this World Cup, Michel said he hoped such problems would not rear their head in the US.
Cameroon's players, exasperated by a chaotic build-up, threatened to go on strike if they were not paid before Friday's match with Brazil.
for insider trading in its shares before a warning against one of its drugs.
Nippon Shoji, Japan's fourth largest drug wholesaler, said Sunday that 175 employees including several top executives dumped shares in the company before the government issued a warning against one of its drugs in October last year.
Israel demands a commitment for total peace from Syria before detailing the scale of a withdrawal.
Cameroon players ready to strike by Mark Oakley  SAN FRANCISCO, California, June 22 (AFP)  Fed-up Cameroon players are threatening a World Cup strike unless they are paid before Friday's meeting with Brazil here.
Goalkeeper Joseph-Antoine Bell, who led a pay strike just before the 1990 World Cup in Italy which cost him his place in the side, said on Wednesday that he hoped a compromise could be worked out quickly to the dispute over wages and bonuses.
They need a guarantee before we play Brazil if we are to have any chance," said Michel, who coached France to the 1984 Olympic title and the 1986 World Cup semi-finals.
"We had the same problem before playing against Sweden.
Just before this World Cup, Michel said he hoped such problems would not rear their head in the US.
The United States had set a range of conditions, including a temporary freezing of key aspects of North Korea's nuclear programme, before the talks -- the third in the series -- could be held.
The United States had set a range of conditions, including a temporary freeze on key aspects of North Korea's nuclear programme, before the talks -- the third in the series -- could be held.
The coalition and the SDP also have not decided whether Hata should ceremonially step down to take responsibility for the split between them, before again assuming the top post.
Some SDP officials insisted that Hata's voluntary resignation was neccessary before he could be re-elected, while some coalition and SDP members said this could be avoided.
According to witness testimony, passengers in a car the soldiers had stopped at the checkpoint Wednesday night opened fire on the soldiers, killing them and stealing their weapons before fleeing.
One of the shares showing strong gains was Eurotunnel which advanced by 16 pence to 295 pence before the results of its operation to increase capital were published.
The day before he pointed out the risks of failure.
Israel demands a commitment for total peace from Syria before detailing the scale of a withdrawal.
He said this week that he would be back again before the summer is out and President Bill Clinton stresed that peace between Syria and Israel remained a "very important priority" for him.
"It is impossible to answer, as the Syrians wish, one question before the others," Peres said Thursday.
However, robust domestic demand should still see real GDP growth accelerate to 9.5 percent to 10 percent in 1994, before slowing in 1995.
The economy is likely to slow further in 1996 as a result of more moderate growth in both private consumption and investment before recovering.
The price of the shares had fluctuated widely in May before the company announced that it was increasing its capital.
The north demands that the south renounce its May 21 declaration of a separate state before entering talks.
Officials there had also barred relatives of the victims to see the bodies before forced cremation.
The American side will concentrate on "priority cases": US Air Force airplane and helicopter crewmembers who were seen alive before they disappeared.
The justice ministry said she had filed a petition before the country's highest authority.
Dr. Baruch Goldstein massacred 30 Moslems praying in the mosque on February 25 before being beaten to death by worshippers.
Simpson hounded ex-wife eight months before she was murdered  LOS ANGELES, June 23 (AFP)  Football star O.J. Simpson smashed his way into his ex-wife's home last year and could be heard screaming in anger in the background as she spoke to a police operator, police records show.
Audiotapes released Wednesday of an emergency call placed by Nicole Brown Simpson eight months before she and her friend Ronald Goldman were found stabbed to death, June 12, in her condominium seemed to show Simpson's apparent obsession with his ex-wife, whom he divorced in 1992.
Blanca Rodriguez Porto was detained early Wednesday as she left the Chilean embassy in Madrid and was taken before Judge Ana Maria Ferrer to answer questions concerning embezzlement and fraud charges against her husband, Luis Roldan, the sources said.
The Australian Government decided last year to allow Chinese asylum seekers to apply for residency if they held a valid visa to enter Australia on or before March 12, 1992.
The Tutsis were said to make up about 15 percent of the Rwandan population of 7.5 million before the latest bloodletting began when Hutu president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a suspect rocket attack on his plane on April 6.
Describing Key's budget, which had been delivered before the parliament in Cape Town on Wednesday, as "eminently sensible," the South African Chamber of Commerce (SACOB), an employers' organisation representing 40,000 businesses, said that it had been designed to encourage foreign investment.
South Africa's business community had feared the worst before the budget statement, expecting tough measures to finance President Nelson Mandela's ambitious Reconstruction and Development Programme (RDP) to wipe out the legacy of apartheid.
The coalition and the SDP also have not decided whether Hata should even ceremonially step down to take responsibility for the split between them, before again assuming the top post.
Campaigning for the nation's first post-civil war elections, marked for the end of October, is due to start mid-September, and international observers now fear it will have to start before demobilisation is complete.
In the three years to October last year, it lost more than 80 billion yen (800 million dollars) before tax.
But Pyongyang responded somewhat vaguely to US demands that it give a clear promise to freeze its nuclear programme before the talks -- the third in a year-long off-and-on series -- get underway.
Polls close at 10:00 p.m. and results are not expected before Friday.
The existing structures are likely to change name, and the Croat republic of Herceg-Bosna, declared before the federation, is likely to be diffused into the eight federal cantons: four Moslem majority, two Croat majority and two mixed.
"But I feel I am playing better on grass now than ever before.
And the hard-hitting Basuki, 23, saved a match point in the 12th game of the second set, before beating 16th seed Magdalena Maleeva of Bulgaria 5-7, 7-6 (7/3), 6-4.
Lubowski, an activist of the South West Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO), was gunned down outside his home just two months before UN- supervised elections in Namibia, at the time under South African rule.
-- Former champion MICHAEL STICH (Germany x2) criticised for striding off court before his opponent was ready to leave after losing in the first-round.
"I try to take a week off before a Grand Slam tournament to let the body rest...let the mind rest.
"My friend's mum cooked a great breakfast and I washed the dishes," -- LORI MCNEIL (USA) asked how she had taken her mind off the game before her historic first-round victory over defending champion Steffi Graf.
Love, the company's sales director for the Middle East and North Africa, also was accused of committing perjury before a grand jury.
Shortly before the market closed, the Bundesbank, as expected, announced that it was keeping its key interest rates unchanged.
Boardman is taking his Tour preparation so seriously he will move out of his home here ten days before, to enjoy a rest from the demands of his three children."
Home victory for Swiss  ZURICH, June 23 (AFP)  Pascal Richard won the Tour of Switzerland cycle race before a home crowd here on Thursday.
Israel exhibits Egyptian treasures before handing them back  JERUSALEM, June 23 (AFP)  Israel is to exhibit for the first and last time treasures seized from the Sinai peninsula before handing them back to Egypt under the 1979 peace treaty, the Antiquities Department announced.
"To overcome the difficulties we are facing now, we think that establishing a firm political basis is very important," Hata said before meeting the socialist chief.
The coalition and the SDP also have not decided whether Hata should even ceremonially step down to take responsibility for the split between them, before again assuming the top post.
At a press conference on the balance sheet in May, Kirchgaesser had said that KHD would not be able to pay a dividend before 1997, and that there was no certainty that in that year it would do so.
More than half the union members at a factory must approve the strike in a secret ballot before it can go ahead.
The Tutsis were said to make up about 15 percent of the Rwandan population of 7.5 million before the latest bloodletting began when Hutu president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a suspect rocket attack on his plane on April 6.
But GDP growth was projected to "pick up only moderately" -- at a rate of about 1.4 percent after a near-flat 0.2 percent in 1993 -- before accelerating to about 2.8 percent next year, when business investment should recover.
The north demands that the south renounce its May 21 declaration of a separate state before entering talks.
Goalkeeper Joseph-Antoine Bell, who led a pay strike just before the 1990 World Cup in Italy which cost him his place in the side, said on Wednesday that he hoped a compromise could be worked out quickly to the dispute.
They need a guarantee before we play Brazil if we are to have any chance," said Michel.
Tonya Harding goes Hollywood  LOS ANGELES, June 23 (AFP)  Skater Tonya Harding, whose bodyguard attacked rival Nancy Kerrigan just before the Olympics earlier this year, is going to play a fiesty waitress on the run from the Mafia in a movie.
Bogdanov said journalists would have to sign their names to the code before receiving a professional identity card, which is to be created later in the year.
Nigeria's stunning 3-0 victory over Bulgaria brought memories of African neighbours Cameroon's explosion onto the World Cup scene four years ago in Italy when they beat Argentina in their opening match and then had England reeling in the quarter-finals before losing to a pair of Gary Lineker penalties.
Fighting quietens down in Kigali  NAIROBI, June 23 (AFP)  Kigali was relatively quiet Thursday after several days of heavy fighting as rebels apparently pressed their offensive to seize control of the capital before French troops arrived in Rwanda, a UN spokesman said.
The Tutsis were said to make up about 15 percent of the Rwandan population of 7.5 million before the latest bloodletting began when Hutu president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a suspect rocket attack on his plane on April 6.
Mansell was Formula One's world champion with Williams in 1992 before leaving under a cloud for the US Indycar championship, which he won at the first attempt in a Newman Haas Lola.
But the Brands Hatch circuit near London said it had been booked by Williams for a test next Tuesday, raising speculation that the session was to allow Mansell to try the car before going to Magny Cours.
Polls close at 10:00 p.m. and results are not expected before Friday morning.
The market had been up 1.08 percent at the opening and as much as 1.7 percent at one point before giving up some of its gains.
The Moslem millionaire had resurfaced just hours before after escaping house arrest and going into hiding 10 days earlier on the anniversary of the election cancelled by General Sani Abacha's military regime.
Sandefur, testifying before the same House panel, denied that he had hidden the Y-1 and said Kessler had never asked the company about it.
And the hard-hitting Basuki saved a match point in the 12th game of the second set, before beating 16th seed Magdalena Maleeva of Bulgaria 5-7, 7-6 (7/3), 6-4.
But Mark Greatbatch hit back in Thursday's final session with 37 before being caught, and Gavin Larsen was 35 not out at the close.
Majed Abdullah, the Desert Pele who captained the team that shook up Holland with an early goal before succumbing 2-1 to the Dutch in Washington, is ruled out through injury.
Pele had said before the tournament that Colombia came closest to playing what he describes as the beautiful game and the Colombians claimed they had come to enjoy themselves.
But they still need maximum points before confronting the supreme challenge of Brazil here next Tuesday.
A decision on whether he can race will be taken immediately before the grand prix.
Wealthy Greek shipping magnate Iannis Latsis gave Yeltsin the use of his luxury yacht "Alexander" to spend Thursday night cruising among the Greek islands before the signing ceremony.
"It is anticipated that a final decision in respect of this project will be made before the end of 1994 after the granting of an exploration permit and the negotiation of a financing package," Oppenheimer said.
Under the Declaration of Principles signed in Washington in September, the Israeli army is due to redeploy from Palestinian areas of the West Bank before elections are held, postponed from July to October.
He made just seven before edging a loose drive.
The losses were recorded before the announcement by The Times of its latest price cut.
Even before signing the convention, The United States has been committed to destroying the vast majority of its chemical weapons stock by the year 2004, Shalikashvili said.
US lawmakers reject baseball bill  WASHINGTON, June 23 (AFP)  A US Senate judiciary committee voted 10-7 to reject a plan to remove baseball's anti-trust exemption, increasing the chances for a players' strike before the season ends.
Scientists had feared they had been hunted into extinction before they could be studied.
Surrey captain Alec Stewart took three catches before helping his side to 104 for one with a quick half-century.
Despite the reduction of the sentence from six strokes to four, the lawyer said, "It was torture before it was reduced it was torture afterwards."
Hospital officials said Caray, who does not admit his age but is thought to be about 75, was in good condition but would be checked before being released to fly back to Chicago with the team.
The decision to drop the sportswear line was made before Jordan retired last November but not revealed until now, Peters said.
Nicola Berti's 13th minute header which Norwegian goalkeeper Erik Thorstvedt went full-length to save was the nearest Italy had come to scoring before the incident.
The Tutsis were said to make up about 15 percent of the Rwandan population of 7.5 million before the latest bloodletting began when Hutu president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a suspect rocket attack on his plane on April 6.
And the hard-hitting Basuki saved a match point in the 12th game of the second set, before beating 16th seed Magdalena Maleeva of Bulgaria 5-7, 7-6 (7/3), 6-4.
Sandefur, testifying before the same House panel, denied that he had hidden the Y-1 and said Kessler had never asked the company about it.
The north demands that the south renounce its May 21 declaration of a separate state before entering talks.
Olajuwon slept just two hours before accepting his trophy for being Most Valuable Player of the playoffs here Thursday, saying he would remember the highs and lows of the title quest as fondly as the moment of triumph.
Globetrotters make first visit to South Africa  LOS ANGELES, June 23 (AFP)  Basketball's world-traveling ambassadors of comedy and sport, the Harlem Globetrotters, will take their show to a place they have never before visited -- South Africa.
Cameroon goalkeeper Joseph Antoine Bell, who led a pay strike just before the 1990 World Cup in Italy which cost him his place in the side, said the players had threatened to refuse to play Brazil because they had not been paid for two months.
Polls closed at 10:00 p.m. and results were not expected before Friday morning.
Earlier before the same committee, NATO member representatives warned that lifting the arms-sales ban would stir up more war and complicate humanitarian assistance.
Casiraghi ran himself into the ground before making way for Daniele Massaro and Signori's foraging down the left flank meant the Norwegians could never permanently camp in Italy's half of the field.
Milla, eager to become the oldest player to play in a World Cup, was delighted worries over non-payment of bonuses had been put aside before their match against Brazil here on Friday.
Kuchma, 37, who spent his entire career in the arms industry before entering politics, strongly opposed giving up nuclear weapons and still maintains an ambiguous stance on the issue.
He wanted a market economy long before independence and was briefly minister in charge of privatisations in 1992 before being sacked under pressure from conservatives.
Korea had the upper hand before the break but Hwang, who missed an open goal in Korea's 2-2 draw with Spain, was again at fault.
"We did well in the first 25 minutes and in the first part of the second half before the penalty kick," said Sadyrin.
The complete withdrawl of Russian troops from the republic is not foreseen by the current government before the year 2000.
To cap it all, he signed for Greek club Olympiakos before the finals with a 100,000 dollars a month salary.
(BOSTON) His 89 league goals in three and a half seasons in Portugal inevitably led to interest from other European clubs and he was linked with French sides Lens and Monaco before opting for a two-year deal with Olympiakos.
Cameroon goalkeeper Joseph-Antoine Bell, who led a pay strike just before the 1990 World Cup in Italy which cost him his place in the side, said the players had threatened to refuse to play Brazil because they had not been paid for two months.
Majed Abdullah, the Desert Pele who captained the team that shook Holland with an early goal before succumbing 2-1 in Washington, is ruled out through injury.
Korea had the upper hand before the break but Hwang was again at fault.
They will stay there during the two-day visit to the Pacific Ocean state before flying back to Tokyo on Saturday.
On Saturday, Akihito and Michiko will go to the East-West Center, and the recently-opened Japanese Cultural Center of Hawaii before leaving for home.
He stressed European CERN members had to agree on the budget amongst themselves before asking for additional support from outside, such as from the United States and Japan.
They will stay there during the two-day visit to the Pacific Ocean state before flying back to Tokyo on Saturday.
Unemployment rose from 2.1 percent then to 2.9 percent in March 1994 before slightly falling to 2.8 percent in April.
Family of kidnapped billonaire will pay ransom  MEXICO CITY, June 23 (AFP)  The family of kidnapped billionaire Harp Helu announced that they would pay a ransom of around 30 million dollars, 20 minutes before the deadline set for his execution ran out late Thursday.
Family of kidnapped billonaire will pay ransom  MEXICO CITY, June 23 (AFP)  The family of kidnapped billionaire Harp Helu announced that they would pay a ransom of around 30 million dollars, 20 minutes before the deadline set for his execution ran out late Thursday.
A few hours before the announcement, the president of the Chamber of Commerce Confederation, German Gonzalez Quintero, told a press conference that "at times somebody has to fall" in order to prevent more kidnappings in the country.
Sources said the airline is particularly keen on new version 737-700s which, though quieter and faster, will not start rolling out of the factory until 1997 and are unlikely to be seen in New Zealand before the end of the decade.
The ceremony was to take place before the official opening of the 51st EU summit at which the 12-nation bloc was also to formally sign up four new members -- its first enlargement since Spain and Portugal joined in 1986.
But prospects for a breakthrough have improved after Beijing let it be known last week that it would no longer dwell on Governor Chris Patten's controversial democratic reform package -- the final stage of which goes before the Legislative Council on Wednesday.
His achievement that day was honoured before a test against Australia at Parc des Princes and the tourists subsequently spoiled his day by winning 24-3.
All the celebrations before the match took our concentration away.
Sella played rugby league for the nearby village of Clairac before converting to rugby union and swept into the Agen development system.
(picture) Family of kidnapped billonaire will pay ransom  MEXICO CITY, June 24 (AFP)  The family of kidnapped billionaire Harp Helu announced that it would pay a ransom of around 30 million dollars, 20 minutes before the deadline set for his execution ran out late Thursday.
But a few hours before Thursday night's announcement, the president of the Chamber of Commerce Confederation, German Gonzalez Quintero, told a press conference that "at times somebody has to fall" in order to prevent more kidnappings in the country.
It was a strange feeling I have never had before."
My dream really was to play Steffi in the final," said Navratilova, who revealed that she had practised with Graf before the start of the Championships.
Navratilova was again given a standing ovation by the centre court crowd before her whirlwind 47 minute encounter.
Jewish settler Baruch Goldstein killed 30 Arab worshippers when he opened fire in the Tomb of the Patriarchs complex in Hebron on February 25, before being beaten to death by an enraged crowd.
A cheerful Yeltsin smiled and waved as he arrived for the signing, taking place before the official opening of the 51st EU summit here.
The Russian leader was scheduled to cruise among the Greek islands on Friday afternoon before returning to Moscow from Athens early Saturday.
The young Soviet-trained Stalinist, confident of victory, paid no heed and the ease with which the Northern army swept through Seoul and almost to the southern tip of the peninsula before the slow counterpush began is legend.
Sampras' compatriot Jim Courier, knocked out of the men's singles by Frenchman Guy Forget late Thursday, hammered down the second fastest service of the Championships at 124 mph (199.5 kph) before bowing out.
The study accounted for other criteria, such as smoking, obesity and social background, before concluding that vegetarians succumbed less to cancer and heart disease than their meat-eating friends.
Poland and Hungary applied officially for EU membership in April, but leaders of the union say there is little prospect that the two countries will be economically ready to join before the turn of the century.
The two Gulf states had been allocated equal quotas before Kuwait's oil sector was crippled by the August 1990 Iraqi invasion.
Particularly if he succeeeds in Angola, where so many before him have failed.
Gianni Letta, under-secretary to the premier and very close to Berlusconi, then said measures would be announced "before the holidays."
US President Bill Clinton told reporters before meeting Hussein on Wednesday that peace in the Middle East, particularly between Israel and Syria, remained "a very important priority" for his administration.
Israeli military leaders are opposed to an early pullout before reaching an accord to set up autonomy in the West Bank, the Israeli daily Yediot Aharonot said.
According to the September 13 Declaration of Principles, the Israeli army is due to pull out of Palestinian-populated areas in the West Bank before elections for the Palestinian autonomy council.
It will be another two years before negotiations begin on Jerusalem, which the Palestinians want to share as their capital too.
Gunman on rampage in Frankfurt city centre hurts three  FRANKFURT, Germany, June 24 (AFP)  A gunman went on the rampage in the centre of this Germany city on Friday, seriously injuring three people before fleeing, police said.
Jewish settler Baruch Goldstein killed 30 Arab worshippers when he opened fire in the Tomb of the Patriarchs in Hebron on February 25, before being beaten to death by an enraged crowd.
Elf Group expects drop in operating result  PARIS, June 24 (AFP)  French group Elf should find its operating result before exceptional factors falling by 20 percent during the first half this year from the same period last year, but the net result should fall more because of the growing weight of financial charges, it was learned Friday.
The paratroopers spent Thursday night at the camp before setting out to patrol the neighbourhood.
The intervention boosted the dollar to 101.85 yen toward 1340 GMT against 100.45 before the move, and to 1.6105 German marks against 1.6005.
The intervention boosted the dollar to 101.85 yen toward 1340 GMT against 100.45 before the move, and to 1.6105 German marks against 1.6005.
The man opened fire at noon when the streets were busy with lunchtime crowds and fled briefly on foot before being arrested.
Mike Jordan at Bank of Boston in London said before the intervention became known that concerted intervention by central banks could boost the dollar by "two, three or four pfennigs" against the mark, but the banks might wait for a total liquidation of long positions before swinging into action.
The dollar stood at 1.5960 marks just before the intervention by the Fed, which bought dollars against yen at 100.95 yen and at 101.55 yen.
The dollar was trading at 1.5930 marks and at 100.45 yen in London at mid session before the intervention.
Berserk gunman kills one, injures three in Frankfurt city centre  FRANKFURT, Germany, June 24 (AFP)  A gunman went on the rampage in the centre of this German city on Friday, killing a taxi-driver and injuring at least three other people before being arrested, police said.
Eyewitnesses said he first opened fire on the taxi-driver with an automatic pistol before spraying shots in the central city street, crowded with lunchtime shoppers.
The French and British governments had taken this decision a month ago to prevent anyone from boarding the train in Paris, placing a bomb, and leaving the coach in Calais before the train entered the tunnel.
Witnesses heard him scream as he fell before he hit four electric wires which snapped but broke his fall slightly.
He then hit the top of a tree in the courtyard before landing on a tiny patch of earth, the only soft spot in the asphalted yard.
Just two minutes before the close, the index broke down through the 1,900-point level to 1,897.15 points, off 2.16 percent - but then rallied.
A week ago, 95 million people -- one third of the US population -- sat riveted before their television sets watching live coverage as Simpson, with a gun pointed to his head, led police on a car chase through Los Angeles.
Black sold the shares one month before the price fell sharply on Thursday in response to a decision to reduce the price of the newspaper from 40 pence to 30 pence to compete with a cut in the price of The Times newspaper.
Stock market authorities are now said to be enquiring whether or not, before the price cut was announced, Black had already approved a decision to reduce the price and was therefore aware that the price of the shares might fall.
The American world champion fell in practice on Thursday, injuring his wrist, and a decision over whether he can race or not will be made shortly before the start.
Then, before the EU ministers launched into their acrimonious debate on the commission presidency, they signed treaties with Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden to bring the four countries into the 12-nation union on January 1.
A day before the ban on air links was due to take effect, only about 3,000 of the 8,000 US nationals registered at the US embassy had left Haiti, according to embassy spokesman Stanley Schrager.
The American world champion fell in practice on Thursday, injuring his wrist, and it was expected that a decision over whether he could race would be made shortly before the start.
But the stylish Texan, who has won here four times before, took part in Friday's session and was only a whisker away from his best time on Thursday.
The paratroopers had spent Thursday night at the camp before setting out to patrol the neighbourhood.
Assistant coach Steve Sampson said he had been hearing football news on at least one radio station that never covered the game before.
According to the report, only one loan was extended in 1993 and nothing this year compared with an average six loans a year before the Gulf war.
In New York, the dollar stood at 1.5960 marks just before the intervention by the Fed, which bought dollars against yen at 100.95 yen and at 101.55 yen.
Speaking to reporters after his meeting with Major, Reynolds said there was "still a lot of work to be done" before any framework document could be properly discussed.
In other developments, a close friend of Simpson's who was with him the night before the murders said the football hero is not a violent person and she insisted that he did not kill his ex-wife and her friend.
Barbieri denied being romantically involved with Simpson and said the night before the murders, she and Simpson were photographed together and "we looked like the epitome of happiness."
Bonner and then Irwin blocked close-range shots before Phil Babb, who had missed the original tackle on Luis Alves, gave away a corner.
"Our performance against Holland has given us a lot of confidence and we are ready to face Morocco," Solari said before the World Cup's first ever all-Arab match.
They had to be approved by the heads of government at the EU summit here before being formally adopted by the finance and economics ministers at their next meeting.
In a break down of when goals have been scored FIFA report most of the scoring has come just before half-time and just after.
The French spokesman said the only discordant note was struck by British Chancellor of the Exchequer Kenneth Clarke who wanted a financial study of the projects before they were approved.
Agassi times it to perfection by Keith Dickson  LONDON, June 24 (AFP)  Andre Agassi's timing was as perfect as ever on Friday when he beat fellow-American Aaron Krickstein to reach the last 16 -- seconds before a thunderstorm dampened sweltering Wimbledon.
It was on before I'd put my things in my bag," said Agassi, who was so astonished he forgot to throw his shirt into the crowd.
Boutros-Ghali said in a report to the UN Security Council published Friday that the Angolan government and UNITA are probably closer to reaching a peace pact than ever before since the renewal of civil war in late 1992.
The report would not be delivered before Tuesday or Wednesday, as the rapporteur had been delayed drawing it up due to "difficult conditions on the ground," the spokesman said.
People in Baltimore will never forgive or forget," said CFL Colts owner Jim Speros, a lawyer who checked into the legality of using the name before adopting it.
Griffey's total to date is already better than the 30 hit before the end of June by Babe Ruth, who had 60 homers in 1927 in fewer games than Maris.
"It's nothing different than last year or the year before.
I've got to get to 40 and 50 before I get to 60."
On Saturday, he visits the East-West Center and the recently-opened Japanese Cultural Center before flying home.
Charlton said: "It went very much as I expected it would go -- that we would suffer in the heat and that we would weaken a bit before half time.
This was harder than we've ever had to work in a football match before.
The ruling means that there probably will not be time to convene another grand jury before a preliminary hearing is held Thursday.
In other developments, a close friend of O.J. Simpson who was with him the night before the murders said the football hero is not a violent person and she insisted that he did not kill his ex-wife and her friend.
The cost over-run, according to Ken Hull, president of the Hibernia Management and Development Company, will bring the total cost of the project to about six billion dollars (4.3 billion US) before oil starts flowing in early 1997.
Brazil qualify for second round  SAN FRANCISCO, California, June 24 (AFP)  Brazil struggled for an hour before finally overcoming 10-man Cameroon 3-0 in their World Cup Group B match here Friday to become the first side to qualify for the second round.
Mexican star back in majors  PHILADELPHIA, Pennsylvania, June 24 (AFP)  Fernando Valenzuela, who spent 13 years in the US major leagues before pitching this season in Mexico, signed a contract with defending National League champion Philadelphia here Friday.
The center-left opposition Party of the Democratic Revolution has been pushing for swift electoral reforms, but PRI officials have cast doubt on whether there is enough time to act before the vote.
"There was no rush before the World Cup."
Saturday, he visits the East-West Center and the recently-opened Japanese Cultural Center before flying home.
Losers included USX at 33-1/8 on Friday against 36-1/8 a week before, Monsanto at 76-1/2 from 80-1/4, Walt Disney at 41-3/4 from 44-3/4 and Caterpillar at 101-1/8 from 108-3/4.
The transport index closed Friday at 1,589.94 from 1,652.40 the week before.
They struggled for an hour before finally overcoming 10-man Cameroon to become the first side to qualify for the second round.
The ruling means that there probably will not be time to convene another grand jury before a preliminary hearing is held Thursday.
In other developments, a close friend of O.J. Simpson who was with him the night before the murders said the football hero is not a violent person and she insisted that he did not kill his ex-wife and her friend.
Prosecutor Nurset Demiral then issued a detention order against them, a move that triggered criticism within Turkey itself as under the law findings of the court must first be published in the official journal before any action can be taken.
French coach fined for scalping  BOSTON, Massachusetts, June 24 (AFP)  French Under-21 coach Raymond Domenech was fined 500 dollars for ticket-touting before Thursday's World Cup match here between Bolivia and South Korea.
Domenech, here as a commentator for French television, was arrested and held for six hours in a police cell before being released.
The heavy bomber was in a steep bank before spinning to the ground and blowing up, killing all four people.
On Monday a deranged former airman went on a shooting spree, leaving five people dead and 23 wounded before being shot dead.
Then, before the EU ministers launched into their acrimonious debate on the commission presidency, they signed treaties with Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden to bring the four countries into the 12-nation union on January 1.
The center-left opposition Party of the Democratic Revolution has been pushing for swift electoral reforms, but PRI officials have cast doubt on whether there is enough time to act before the vote.
But Sweden levelled six minutes before halftime when defender Sergei Gorlukovich brought down Dahlin inside the six-yard box and Tomas Brolin converted.
Black sold the shares one month before the price fell sharply on Thursday.
Stock market authorities were said to be inquiring whether or not, before the price cut was announced, Black had already approved a decision to reduce the price and was therefore aware that the value of the shares might fall.
Hata announces resignation  TOKYO, June 25 (AFP)  Japanese Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata said Saturday that he and all other members of his cabinet would resign, hours before parliament was to vote on a no-confidence motion against his government.
Hata and cabinet to resign en masse  TOKYO, June 25 (AFP)  Japanese Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata said Saturday that he would resign, hours before parliament was to vote on a no-confidence motion against his government.
   Saturday, June 25 (since 1500 GMT)     TOKYO: Japanese Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata said he would resign, hours  before parliament was to vote on a no-confidence motion against his  government.
Hata cabinet resigns en bloc  TOKYO, June 25 (AFP)  Japanese Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata said Saturday that he would resign, hours before parliament was to vote on a no-confidence motion against his government.
The SDP left the ruling camp just before Hata formed his cabinet on April 28, citing dissatisfaction with the political management of the coalition.
Gampaha is the hometown of one of six opposition legislators who crossed over to the UNP Friday, hours before President Dingiri Banda Wijetunga dissolved the 225-member parliament.
The report, citing National Copyright Administration (NCA) official Wang Huapeng, came just days before a June 30 US deadline for China to take effective measures to combat violations of US patents and copyrights or face retaliation.
Last commercial flight from Haiti arrives in Miami  MIAMI, Florida, June 25 (AFP)  The last commercial flight from Haiti landed at Miami international airport on Friday night shortly before a ban on such flights declared by the US administration came into effect at midnight.
Hata's announcement came just before the lower house was scheduled to convene at noon to debate a no-confidence motion submitted Thursday by the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), the corruption-riden conservative party kicked out of office last year after 38 years in power.
The resignation came only two weeks before the Group of Seven (G7) summit in Naples, recalling the move by prime minister Kiichi Miyazawa to dissolve parliament and call fresh elections just before last year's summit in Tokyo.
The ruling camp has repeatedly urged the SDP, which left the coalition just before Hata formed his cabinet on April 28, to return to the government.
Then he called on his neighbours, killing a pregnant woman and her husband and a forestry worker before setting fire to his home.
German kills Turk for talking too loudly  MOENCHENGLADBACH, Germany, June 25 (AFP)  A German shopkeeper shot dead a Turk here just before midnight because he was annoyed by a loud conversation outside his apartment, police in this west German town said on Saturday.
Tekere, Mugabe's former henchman, before being exepelled for criticising the party leadership in the mid-1980s, said later in the day that "he or she who lives or attempts to live by the sword shall die by the sword".
They would then talk about the release of prisoners, extending Palestinian self-rule in the Israeli-occupied West Bank and completing matters which remained unresolved before the May 4 autonomy accord was signed.
Doohan, a winner in Germany earlier in the month, bided his time before going back in front with two laps to go and then opening up the power to storm away for a comfortable win, his 15th of his career.
Ten for none has been done before, but Yorkshire League player Jennings Tune took five overs in 1922.
They would also discuss the release of prisoners, spreading Palestinian self-rule in the West Bank and issues not resolved before the signing of the autonomy accord in Cairo May 4.
Under the Declaration of Principles signed in Washington in September Israeli troops are due to redeploy from Palestinian areas of the West Bank before elections to the autonomy council are held.
Bosnia-Hercegovina and Sarajevo itself became part of the new Serb, Croat and Slovene kingdom in December 1918, before evolving into the now defunct Yugoslavia.
The climax also featured a crash just yards before the line, when Germany's Peter Oettl clipped the verge and went sprawling right in front of championsip leader Kazkuot Sakata's Aprilia.
Their downfall let in Sakata, the winner of the Australian and Spanish races, before six riders joined battle at the head of the race.
Hata's cabinet, embracing conservatives and centrists, resigned en bloc just before the House of Representatives was to debate a no- confidence motion proposed by the main opposition Liberal Democratic Party (LDP).
The ruling camp has repeatedly urged the SDP, which left the coalition just before Hata formed his cabinet on April 28, to return to the government.
Weizsaecker was in Warsaw on his last official visit to a foreign country before leaving office after two five-year terms as German president.
South African tour match  CANTERBURY, England, June 25 (AFP)  South Africa's opening county tour match against Kent was hit by rain here on Saturday, with no play before lunch.
The newspaper cited a senior banking source as saying that the way in which the money was withdrawn was almost identical to steps taken by dictator Jean-Claude Duvalier before he fled the country in 1986.
Hata's  cabinet, embracing conservatives and centrists, resigned en bloc just before  the House of Representatives was to debate a no-confidence motion proposed by  the main opposition Liberal Democratic Party (LDP).
Captains Kepler Wessels and Mark Benson were consulted before the umpires took their decision.
The 240,000 ton supertanker broke up in a storm in 1983 but coastal authorities managed at the time to transfer some 170,000 tons of oil to another tanker before towing the stern out to sea and sinking it.
Six minutes before half-time, the Argentines went 2-0 up with a goal engineered by outside right Fernando Falcheto, who outflanked the defence and hit the ball across the face of goal.
Up to 1,000 Kurds then staged a sit-in, before starting to trickle back into France.
Carpizo's vague accusations against an unnamed party only two months before the country's most scrutinized and closely contested elections can only inject another element of instability and confusion into the process, analysts said.
Bratseth said he arranged the swap with Baggio before the match.
The unscheduled early awakening came just hours before her 6-3, 6-2 victory over fellow-American Linda Harvey-Wild lined-up a showdown with Czech Helena Sukova for a place in the quarter-finals.
"When I opened the door this guy said he had been told by his boss to get a picture of me before noon.
The day before the summit, Greek Prime Minister Andreas Papandreou organised a meeting here with Greek Cypriot President Glafcos Clerides, European Commission President Jacques Delors and the British Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd.
Last year, the European Commission said a political solution would have to be found to the division of Cyprus before it could start formal procedures to enter the European Union.
Grun's powerful 25-metre drive then rocked Ed de Goey on his feet before he gathered the ball at the second attempt.
We get a little injury and, before you know it, the player is being wheeled away on a stretcher to get the game going again.
According to initial reports, several seats crumpled shortly before they reached the bottom of the lift.
The Saudi striker chested down a long through ball and burst into the box before being pulled down by a clumsy tackle by Noureddine Naybet.
Morocco's pressure finally paid off in the 27th when Ahmed Bahja weaved his way from the left touchline past two Saudi defenders before slipping a pass to Chaouch for the easiest of tap-ins.
They would then talk about the release of prisoners, extending Palestinian self-rule in the Israeli-occupied West Bank and completing matters which remained unresolved before the May 4 autonomy accord was signed.
They were beautiful, rich and famous and yet at least eight times before their divorce in 1992, Nicole Simpson called police with complaints of beatings and abuse by her husband.
We get a little injury and, before you know it, the player is being wheeled away on a stretcher to get the game going again.
"I will not sleep before the last round because of nerves," he said.
Up to 1,000 Kurds then staged a sit-in, before starting to trickle back into France.
Notts lost first innings century-maker Tim Robinson without scoring in their only over before the close.
He made 81 before losing his off-stump to Lampitt, who finished with figures of four for 37.
Grun's powerful 25-metre drive rocked him back onto his feet before he gathered the ball at the second attempt.
The Saudi striker chested down a long through ball on his side's first attack of the match, burst into the box and set to shoot before being sent crashing to the ground by Noureddine Naybet's clumsy challenge.
Morocco's pressure finally paid off in the 27th when Ahmed Bahja weaved his way from the left touchline past two Saudi defenders before slipping a pass to Chaouch for the easiest of tap-ins.
Having got the equaliser it only looked a matter of time before Morocco went ahead.
Substitute Abdeslam El Ghrissi, who had just headed a good chance over the bar, unleashed a fierce right foot drive that was destined for the bottom corner before Al Deayea's plunge to his left deflected it round the post.
O'Gorman makes Kiwis pay for missed chance  DERBY, England, June 25 (AFP)  Derbyshire batsman Tim O'Gorman made New Zealand pay dearly for dropping him before he's even scored on the opening day of their three-day match here on Saturday .
Derbyshire lost openers Kim Barnett (6) and Adrian Rollins (16) in the first seven overs before Blair Hartland put down O'Gorman at first slip, condemning his side to a day of toil.
Chris Adams began the recovery with 43 from 35 balls, before Dominic Cork helped O'Gorman to put on 105 for the fourth wicket.
Sanaa has repeatedly called for a joint military commission made up of northern and southern Yemenis, Omanis and Jordanians, set up before war broke out, to supervise a truce.
The Italians may appeal, Pagliuca having said before FIFA's ruling that his action could not be put on a par with players who are are punished for bad fouls or rough play.
Northern authorities have already called for the joint Yemeni military commission, set up before the war, to be reactivated to supervise a ceasefire.
Akihito, meanwhile, was on the last events of his 16-day, 11-city US tour which started in Atlanta June 10 and took him through Washington, New York, San Francisco and Los Angeles before coming here.
Certain issues such as the exact size of the self-rule enclave of Jericho were put to one side before the May 4 autonomy accord so the signing ceremony could go ahead in Cairo, launching autonomy in the West Bank town and the Gaza Strip.
"I've never experienced this before," he said.
Brazil's central defence has already been depleted by the loss of Benfica's Carlos Mozer, ruled out by hepatitis B before the finals, and Paris St Germain's Ricardo Gomes, who tore a thigh muscle six days before the tournament.
In Rocha's absence, Brazil coach Carlos Alberto Parreira called up Roma's Aldair, who was added to the three-time World Cup champions' squad two weeks before the tournament after Mozer's withdrawal.
Akihito made no public statement before leaving, but he did give Japanese journalists accompanying him a glimpse of his feelings Friday when he became the first Japanese emperor to pay an official homage to US soldiers who lost their lives in World War II.
He refused last Thursday to speak before his EU mandate runs out next January.
Tognoni said that before Basile and Westerhof joined the dissenters.
Strunz suffered a recurrence of a thigh injury during a light work-out Saturday morning before the team left for Dallas.
An accord was reached a day before Friday's match.
They leave in mid-afternoon to nap before another sleepless night of football watching.
The government is tolerant -- department heads let employees spend half an hour discussing the previous night's matches before they begin work.
Traditionally supporters of France, the former colonial power, which was eliminated before the finals, and of Russia, which has not peformed well in the United States, the Vietnamese have gone crazy for South Korea, "the pride of Asian football," according to Prime Minister Vo Van Kiet.
Pazienza, 31, was a two-time champion before suffering a broken neck in a 1992 auto crash.
"They are real people and they say nice things and I hope its not another 20 years before they come back again," said housewife Joyce Okawa who met Akihito and Michiko at a garden party in the grounds of the Japanese Consulate in Honolulu.
Some 5,000 riot police, backed by armored vehicles, cut through barricades and fired barrages of tear gas before moving into the campus where 1,200 subway workers, protected by 500 radicals, had holed up.
Radio Aden stopped all broadcasts late Saturday before the northern troops arrived.
Massive Tongan-born winger Jonah Lomu, who weighs 114kg, opened the second half by getting to within five metres of the French line with a barnstorming run down the left wing, crashing through a Sadourny tackle before being shoulder-charged into touch by Sella.
But Delaud responded with a drop goal to extend the lead to 12-3 and that was immediatley followed by a remarkable break out of defence by loose forward Abdel Benazzi, who stormed 40 metres from his own line before the move broke down.
The community demands the government withdraw the mandatory wealth tax returns, discretionary powers of tax officials, eliminate anomalies in the new customs duty and continue the procedure of granting automatic court stay in case of a petition before an Tax Appellate Tribunal.
But defeat in Samoa will force Wales to go back to the basics, with only 11 months to go before the World Cup in South Africa.
The crisis, two weeks before the Group of Seven summit of major industralised nations in Naples, again puts Japan in an awkward situation with its main trading partners.
Though Hata will stay on as caretaker prime minister, Japan is likely -- as before in the 1990s -- to be represented in Naples by an inexperienced or politically fragile leader at a time when other G7 countries will be looking to Tokyo for economic leadership in keeping with its industrial and financial might.
The 58-year-old holder of several senior government posts before becaming prime minister two months ago has made clear his hat is in the ring.
The 240,000 ton supertanker broke up in a storm in 1983 but coastal authorities managed at the time to transfer some 170,000 tons of oil to another tanker before towing the stern out to sea and sinking it.
The birds are force-fed before being washed in drums of detergent for 10 minutes, rinsed twice and put through a swimming pool.
They have to preen their feathers for at least two weeks before their insulation and waterproofing is back to normal.
Sometime before noon Dostam's portrait at the entrance of Maranjan was pulled down and shot to ribbons, symbolic of the defeat rival coalition forces have suffered in Kabul.
Only five passengers and the driver were on board the train between Glasgow and Wemyss Bay, on the west coast, when it derailed shortly before midnight and hit a bridge.
The army was criticized for security failings at Hebron's Tomb of the Patriarchs, where Goldstein, dressed in army uniform, gunned down worshippers before being beaten to death himself on February 25.
"The settlers for their continuous harrassments against the Moslem prayers before the massacre and this created the atmosphere that helped Goldstein to commit his crime.
Miriam Goldstein argued before the Supreme Court the inquiry should be annulled because it assumed he was the murderer and thereby influenced witnesses.
The report was presented to the Israeli cabinet meeting during the morning, before publication.
Radio Aden stopped all broadcasts late Saturday before the northern troops arrived.
However, the army was criticized for "shortcomings in coordination and the level of discipline" at Hebron's Tomb of the Patriarchs, where Goldstein, in army uniform, gunned down worshippers before being beaten to death himself.
"The settlers for their continuous harrassments against the Moslem prayers before the massacre and this created the atmosphere that helped Goldstein to commit his crime.
Amid scorchingly hot weather, turnout appeared to be down compared with that in a combined European and municipal election two weeks before.
Although the song was written in January, before the civil war erupted here in May, it has become more popular than ever among his neighbours and friends, he said.
At the diocese of Cyangugu, about 15 kilometres (nine miles) from the Nyarushishi refugee camp, Thadee Ntihigurwa, a Hutu clergyman, said only 10,000 Tutsis remain in the diocese compared to 55,000 before April.
The business community is demanding that the government withdraw mandatory wealth tax returns, discretionary powers of tax officials, eliminate anomalies in the new customs duty and continue the procedure of granting automatic court stay in case of a petition before an Tax Appellate Tribunal.
The massive police operations came one day before a countrywide sympathy strike threatened by 320,000 militant union workers affiliated with the National Council of Union Representatives (NCUR).
At the diocese of Cyangugu, about 15 kilometres (nine miles) from the Nyarushishi refugee camp, Thadee Ntihigurwa, a Hutu clergyman, said only 10,000 Tutsis remain in the diocese compared to 55,000 before April.
Two smaller shocks, one of which registered 2.9, hit just before the main quake.
Mohammed Shahbaz went off injured just before the break following an accidental collision and Malaysia took advantage with their first success, Chiow chuan Lim putting away a penalty stroke following obstruction.
Ashraf, however, put two goals away from short corners to settle the match before a Zaman penalty sealed the win with eight minutes to go.
Lim's consolation came just before the final whistle.
The South Africans, who play a fast open game and had held the Dutch to a goalless draw just 10 days before in Madrid, were 2-0 down within 11 minutes.
The 240,000 ton supertanker broke up in a storm in 1983 but coastal authorities managed at the time to transfer the bulk of the oil to another tanker before towing the stern out to sea and sinking it.
Cyangugu's Bishop Tahdee Ntihiyurwa, a Hutu, said only 10,000 Tutsis remained in the diocese, compared with 55,000 before the conflict.
In New York, the demonstrators planned a minute of silence for the victims of the disease before screaming out in anger.
Both sides have expressed a desire to continue negotiations and favor setting up a joint commission before the next round of talks is held in the Pakistani capital Islamabad next month, the source said.
"He has done it before and he is capable of inspiring his team-mates."
Amid scorchingly hot weather, turnout looked set to be markedly down compared with that in a combined European and municipal election two weeks before.
Election officer Paul-Uwe Soeker said by 4:00 p.m. (1400 GMT), two hours before the polling stations closed, 43.8 percent of those eligible had voted, against 53.3 percent at the same time a fortnight previously.
Aziz is to meet with Vatican officials before his session Monday with the pope.
The 240,000 ton supertanker broke up in a storm in 1983 but coastal authorities managed at the time to transfer the bulk of the oil to another tanker before towing the stern out to sea and sinking it.
Just before half time striker Nikolaos Machlas saw his diving header go wide from Nikolaos Nioplias's cross and in injury time they applied intense pressure without making serious inroads.
Three minutes before half time, Australia hit the front again with the first of two field goals by Olympic veteran inside left Paul Lewis.
Only the army was criticized for "shortcomings in coordination and the level of discipline" at Hebron's Tomb of the Patriarchs, where Goldstein, in army uniform, gunned down worshippers before being beaten to death himself.
Interior Minister Charles Pasqua who was visiting the southeastern town of Frejus was blocked for several hours before he could catch a plane at Nice-Cote d'Azur airport.
South Africa had to face just one scoreless, wicketless over before the close.
Then world-class batsman Martin Crowe arrived at the County Ground suffering from flu and faced only two deliveries before returning to his hotel room.
That forced New Zealand to follow on 214 runs adrift of Derbyshire, who had batted on in the morning before declaring at 424 for nine.
They sent messages to the ICRC and UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali condemning the fact that Palestinian prisoners must sign a pledge to renounce "violence and terrorism" before Israeli authorities will free them.
"In this business of dealing with North Korea, one counts chickens before they hatch at one's peril," he said.
Union officials support the plan, having twice before tried to abolish the draft in contract talks.
The decision should broaden the Kuwaiti electorate, which until now has been restricted to male Kuwaitis by blood whose family lived here before 1921, and who are over 21.
Diaz was planning the proposal sooner, even before he was sent here from another development team in Ottawa, Canada.
The center-left opposition Party of the Democratic Revolution has been pushing for swift electoral reforms, but PRI officials have cast doubt on whether there is enough time to act before the vote.
Leading the pack of seven presidential candidates, according to opinion polls before the start of voting, were incumbent President Leonid Kravchuk and former prime minister Leonid Kuchma.
Interior Minister Charles Pasqua, who was visiting the town of Frejus, was stuck for several hours before he could catch a plane at Nice-Cote d'Azur airport.
Mubarak and Kadhafi are to discuss the Lockerbie case in the wake of a Libyan proposal to surrender the suspects for trial before Scottish judges at the International Court of Justice in the Hague, Egypt's Middle East News Agency said in Cairo.
Dumitrescu nearly added a second in injury time before the break with a 30-metre shot that Meola turned round for a corner with a full- length dive.
Carpizo's vague accusations against an unnamed party only two months before the country's most scrutinized and closely contested elections actually has injected another element of instability and confusion into the process, analysts said.
The center-left opposition Party of the Democratic Revolution has been pushing for swift electoral reforms, but PRI officials have cast doubt on whether there is enough time to act before the vote.
Dumitrescu nearly added a second moments before the break with a 30-metre shot that Meola turned round for a corner with a full-length dive.
Five minutes before the interval, Knup was given the yellow card for deliberate handball from a cross.
"After the very tiring trip to Detroit, it will be nice to stay in Los Angeles for the second round, and by winning the group we get an extra day off to prepare before the next match."
"I knew I needed to get to the turn before Nigel," Unser said.
Dollar falls below 100 yen in Sydney  TOKYO, June 27 (AFP)  The dollar fell below 100 yen Monday morning in Sydney, about one hour before the opening of Tokyo market, dealers here said.
He said the All Blacks won enough set phase ball from the scrums and lineouts but from then on went astray and did not play the way they had set out before the game.
Colombia eventually won 2-0, with goals from Herman Gaviria a minute before half time and substitute Harold Lozano seconds before the end, but it was too late to save one of the pre-tournament favourites from elimination.
Faustino Asprilla, tipped before the tournament to be a star of the World Cup, admitted Colombia's win only made elimination feel worse.
The goalkeeping of Marco Pascolo then kept them at bay until a minute before half time when Gaviria headed a Valderrama free kick past Pascolo who must shoulder the blame for inexplicably letting the ball slip through his hands on the line.
He has done it before and he is capable of inspiring his team-mates," said Sacchi who insisted Baggio had no problems with his heel.
In Rocha's absence, Brazil coach Carlos Alberto Parreira has used Roma's Aldair, who was added to the three-time World Cup champions' squad two weeks before the tournament.
Charlton is allowed in the dressing rooms to issue last- minute instructions before the team take the field.
Earlier Monday, the US unit briefly slipped to 99.99 yen in Sydney about one hour before the Tokyo market opening.
Earlier  Monday, the US unit briefly slipped to 99.99 yen in Sydney about one hour  before the Tokyo market opening.
Earlier Monday, the US unit briefly slipped to 99.99 yen in Sydney about one hour before the Tokyo market opening.
The Bank of Japan's yen-selling, dollar-buying market intervention in the morning session reportedly amounted to one billion dollars, but the dollar kept falling, to a record low of 99.50 yen shortly before noon.
The US currency ended lower despite central bank intervention last Friday, sending the greenback to 99.99 yen in early Monday in Sydney, about one hour before the Tokyo market opening.
China, which is currently struggling to rejoin the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) before the end of the year, has criticised some countries -- especially the United States -- for setting unrealistic conditions on its re-entry to the world trade body.
"In this business of dealing with North Korea, one counts chickens before they hatch at one's peril," said Gallucci in Washington Sunday.
The plane dropped between four and six bombs shortly before 9:00 am (0430 GMT), hitting civilian homes, the witnesses said.
About two kilometres (a mile) away from the site of the demonstration, a group of 150 pro-government supporters favouring the ban on the weeklies gathered for about 45 minutes before dispersing peacefully, witnesses said.
Much of the delay has been attributed to China's outrage over Governor Chris Patten's attempt to extend democracy in Hong Kong before 1997 with a package of electoral reforms -- the final stage of which goes before legislators on Wednesday.
Egypt's Middle East News Agency said earlier they would discuss the Lockerbie case in the wake of a Libyan proposal to surrender two suspects for trial before Scottish judges at the International Court of Justice in the Hague.
Another round of concerted intervention was unlikely "because the US Federal reserve has put its credibility at risk: it spent three billion dollars on Friday in the face of 1,000 billion dollars sold by investors on the markets, and that merely pushed up the value of the dollar for half an hour before there was profit taking".
ECOMOG sealed off the area before dawn before mounting the search.
They were to have come into effect in mid-1992, then on January 1, 1993, before being postponed again until February 1, 1994.
Japan-US trade accord now held up: report  TOKYO, June 27 (AFP)  The new political vacuum in Japan stands in the way of any agreement in bilateral trade talks with the United States before the Group of Seven summit, a source close to the negotiations was quoted as saying on Monday.
Some Japanese analysts had expected Hata and President Bill Clinton to reach a compromise on insurance and Japanese government procurement, two of the three priority areas in the wide-ranging talks, just before the G7 summit begins in Naples on July 8.
Moments later the soldier who was now so upset returned armed with a sub-machine gun, opened fire killing 10 on the spot, including the girl, before he shot himself," said police spokesman Joseph Obwona.
The last opinion polls before the elctions gave Kravchuk several points ahead of his rival.
Police in the northeastern town of Choumen found the body of the unidentified 47-year-old man after tearing down the door of the windowless room which he had nailed up before suffocating to death.
Bond yields rose to the highest levels in 27 months and the Australian dollar slumped at one stage to a low of 71.84 US cents before finding some buying interest and closing at a six-week low of 72.13 US cents against its Friday finish of 73.20.
16 killed, one survivor in Ivorian airliner crash  ABIDJAN, June 27 (AFP)  An Air Ivoire plane crashed minutes before landing late Sunday, killing 16 people and leaving a single survivor, airport officials said Monday.
Airline management said it would make no statements before the victims had been formally identified and experts had reported on the causes of the accident.
Aeronautical sources said the Fokker 27, one of the oldest of the airline's fleet, had made a "normal approach" in "good" weather conditions and that radio contact was only lost a few minutes before the plane was scheduled to land.
Sudomo, however, said Bapindo executives should have closely examined the credit proposals before issuing the loan.
Just before noon an AFP correspondent witnessed a Dostam jet score a direct hit on Bala Hissar with what appeared to be a cluster-bomb.
Stolpe also said his state was interested in reestablishing cultural contacts with Polish cities which had cooperated with Brandenburg before 1989 when it was part of East Germany.
In a statement, Secretary for Planning, Environment and Lands Tony Eason said the "review panel" had been asked to make recommendations that might go into effect before the next government land auction on July 26.
The blast is the first since a right-wing bombing spree killed 21 people three days before South Africa's first all-race election on April 26 to 29.
The blast is the first since a right-wing bombing spree killed 21 people three days before South Africa's first all-race election on April 26 to 29.
At a supermarket-restaurant, scores of tourists wandered around, buying Israeli and Palestinian products before sitting down to eat and drink.
AXA hopes to get a full licence at the beginning of next year before starting to market its life-insurance products in April, under a plan outlined to shareholders earlier this month by president Claude Bebear.
The SDP quit the Hata cabinet shortly before it was formed on April 28.
The minority coalition limped along until it collapsed on Saturday, just before a vote of no-confidence in parliament.
But the indicators were that Takemura was treading warily before signing up to a coalition deal.
He told reporters that his party would first carefully watch LDP-SDP talks before making its final decision about entering a coalition.
(AFP)     ABIDJAN: An Air Ivoire plane crashed minutes before landing, killing 16  people and leaving a single survivor, airport officials said.
"We cannot be a party to the anti-people budget," Sharif said before leaving the House along with his colleagues, after which the 217-member assembly adopted the budget.
Egypt's Middle East News Agency said earlier they would discuss the Lockerbie case in the wake of a Libyan proposal to surrender two suspects for trial before Scottish judges at the International Court of Justice in The Hague.
Barril also said he had three tapes taken from Kigali control tower, including conversations between the Falcon 50's French crew and ground control minutes before the crash.
They were to have come into effect in mid-1992, then on January 1 1993, before being postponed again until February 1 1994 and then beyond.
After 30 years as a communist apparatchik in Ukraine, Kravchuk held down the job of ideology chief before becoming the republic's effective leader in July 1990 as chairman of the Ukrainian parliament.
Six months before his 22-month prison sentence was to be confirmed by Germany's federal court he fled to Spain.
About 1,200 French crack troops and 300 vehicles were deployed on the Zairean-Rwandan border early Monday, or roughly half of the troops that are to take part in Operation Turquoise before the end of the week, commander General Jean-Claude Lafourcade said.
Larsen, skippering the side in place of tour captain Ken Rutherford, said of the defeat, which came just three days before the third Test against England: "I thought we were quite spineless throughout the game.
He also began fighting corruption before he was voted out of office by the republic's conservative parliament in a no-confidence vote on September 21.
The council, set up before the mujahedeen takeover of Kabul in April 1992, includes leaders of all mujahedeen factions.
According to Faereby, Australia has had a large influx of Somalis who have travelled to Singapore and Bangkok on false Swedish passports, then destroyed them before arriving in Australia.
When FIFA studied the host cities before the United States won the right to host the World Cup the average temperatures were much lower.
"The procedures used for this decision, before and during the Council, were not satisfactory," Major said.
Vogel went to Israel at the end of May 1989, a few months before the fall of communism, to visit the two agents in prison and negotiate their release in an exchange that was to include some American hostages held in Lebanon, but the abduction of Obeid ended prospects of success, the programme says.
(AFP) Red card for hawkers Two Britons -- Robert Tutchings, aged 37, and Robert Bourne, 30 -- have been expelled from the US for illegally selling soccer souvenirs before Saturday's Group F game between Holland and Belgium in Orlando, Florida.
Report prepared before mosque massacre, Syrian radio charges  DAMASCUS, June 27 (AFP)  The Israeli report into the Hebron mosque massacre whitewashing the government and the army was prepared before settler Baruch Goldstein even opened fire, official Syrian radio charged Monday.
"The inquiry's report was prepared in advance well before Baruch Goldstein committed his crime with the cooperation of other settlers and protected by the Israeli army," Radio Damascus said.
Only the army was criticized for "shortcomings in coordination and the level of discipline" at Hebron's Tomb of the Patriarchs, where Goldstein, in army uniform, gunned down worshippers before being beaten to death himself.
But defender Stelios Manolas, who had a public row with Pangaoulias before the World Cup and was dropped for Sunday's game, admitted: "I'm ashamed just like all Greek supporters."
The negotiators were expected to wrap up the specifics of national reconciliation before moving on to modalities on Tuesday.
Clinton will go before 150 key researchers, academics, businessmen and African specialists invited to the White House Sunday and Monday to discuss how to best help the continent beset by famine, tribal warfare and economic woes.
After that embarrassing experience, the administration imposed tighter restrictions on the nature and degree of US involvement before US troops can be committed to missions on foreign soil.
McLarty, a friend of the president since the two were in kindergarten in Arkansas, was a businessman before joining Clinton's White House.
"I don't think I've ever quite handled Helena like that before," said the 37-year-old legend who is playing at the Championships for the last time.
The October poll also showed only five percent of respondents knew the 1994 Winter Games would be contested in Lillehammer, Norway, just four months before the event began.
Instead, Colombia flew to Los Angeles on Sunday evening, before their scheduled flight back to Bogota on Tuesday, nearly three weeks before the July 17 final.
"The procedures used for this decision, before and during the Council, were not satisfactory," Major said.
"I'd watch the Financial News Network before soccer."
It remains to be clarified if sitting presidents can be sued for actions taken before they took office.
Like the three drugs to be approved before it -- AZT, ddI and ddC -- stavudine is classed as a nucleoside analog.
Cameroon players resist orders from on high  YAOUNDE, June 27 (AFP)  Politicians in the Cameroon capital tried to force changes on their country's World Cup team against Brazil only hours before kick-off.
He said: "First it was a question of money just before we boarded the team coach.
South Africa were on 21-4, then 64-6 before Richardson (88) and Shaw (64) salvaged some pride.
Chris Penn then pinned Rhodes lbw for 20 in the final over before lunch.
The 22-year-old Barcelona battler fought all the way to the exit before surrendering 5-7, 6-4, 3-6 to the 30-year-old Texan, who has made it clear she intends to retire at the end of the 1995 season.
Aeronautical sources said the plane, one of the oldest of the airline's fleet, had made a normal approach in good weather conditions and that radio contact was only lost a few minutes before the plane was scheduled to land.
But despite intense public speculation over the past few weeks, he said he would not confirm whether he was a candidate before the end of the year, prefering to concentrate on "running the country to ensure its recovery and renewal."
Yorkshire, set a victory target of 375 by Hampshire, slumped to 144 for five before White and Paul Grayson frustrated the visitors' bowlers with a partnership of 75.
Martinez, a semi-finalist last year, was given a run for her money in the fourth round by Kristine Radford before clinching a 3-6, 6-3, 6-4 win.
Four minutes before half time Illgner had to dive at the feet of Hwang Sun-hong to save what looked a certain goal.
Murray Anderson flicked in for South Africa's consolation second before Greg Corbitt scrambled the ball home to underline Australia's win seconds before the whistle.
Responding to an urgent need to bring back investors, the Fed may raise its interest rates Friday when unemployment rates for June are released, well before the next meeting of the Fed's policy-making Open Market Committee on July 5 and 6, said Susan Hering of Salomon Brothers.
The United States is under pressure to act from Japan and Germany, the second and third richest countries, before the dollar's fall hurts their economic growth.
Stocks benefitted from computer trading by investment funds eager to position themselves before the end of the quarter Thursday.
In addition Stefan Effenberg's booking for a foul just before half time was his second of the tournament and means the midfielder will miss their second round tie in Chicago on July 2 against the third- placed side from either Group A, B or F.
The Italians, despite lingering rumours of hormone drug use, are dominating this season like never before -- their riders winning the Milan-San Remo (Giorgio Furlan), Tour of Flanders (Gianni Bugno), and Fleche Wallone (Moreno Argentin).
He is targetting a win in the prologue and solo rides, and his sponsors will hope he can impress in the fourth and fifth stages in England, but he is likely to be withdrawn before the half-way stage.
All-rounder Armstrong, who won at Verdun on his debut at the age of 21 on his debut last year before going on to snatch the world title, can be counted on to challenge again for a day or two's glory.
1994 FORM: Won the Paris-Nice and Tour of the Basque Country before clinching an unprecedented Tour of Spain hat-trick.
He worked for New York mayor John Lindsay briefly before returning to Monterey in 1971.
Expect big efforts from Indurain, Rominger, Boardman (perhaps the Briton's last contribution before being pulled out).
A big victory here would provide a big psychological boost before the mountains.
Often overrun by Dutch fans, who camp out the evening before for the best vantage points.
For Germany the match looked all but over but Korean coach Kim Ho had warned before the match that he would use the sweltering heat in the Cotton Bowl to his side's advantage.
Stefan Effenberg's booking for a foul just before half time was his second of the tournament and means the midfielder will miss Germany's second round tie on July 2 against the third-placed side from either Group A, B or F.
The Atletico Madrid player had scored two goals in four internationals before the tournament started.
"We have been in positions before ...
Lagos High Court issues Abiola with summons  LAGOS, June 28 (AFP)  The federal high court in Lagos on Monday ordered the Nigerian justice minister and the police chief to summon oposition leader Moshood Abiola before it on Friday.
Brazil struggled a bit against Cameroon before the Africans were reduced to 10 men, but Parreira, 41, said his side was still improving.
Caminero had scored two goals in four internationals before the tournament started but the Atletico Madrid player must now hope his team-mates repulse the Swiss boarding party if he is to have another crack at the enemy.
"We need a new American policy based on the idea that we should help the nations of Africa identify and solve problems before they erupt.
Such a hearing is usually routine before a trial begins, but the defense move could turn the case into an abbreviated version of a trial.
The surge in tension followed the abduction on Saturday of two presidential supporters in nearby Bacongo, where opposition militants allegedly molested them before supporters of opposition leader Bernard Kolelas intervened.
Germany get a fright before seeing off Koreans by Erskine McCullough  DALLAS, Texas, June 27 (AFP)  Germany got the World Cup shock of their lives when they clung on to beat South Korea 3-2 in their final Group C match here on Monday.
They all fled before the RPF forces caught up with them.
Norway only qualified once before, in 1938, and even I'm not old enough to have played in that one.
El Diablo played only four minutes against the defending champions before Mexican referee Arturo Brizio sent him off for kicking Lothar Matthaus.
The Saudis rattled the Dutch with an early goal before succumbing 2-1 and then beat favoured Morocco 2-1 to move into second place in the group, like Holland with three points.
After hitting a low of 0.65 in December last year, it rose to 0.67 in January and dipped again to 0.65 in February before standing at 0.66 in March and April.
Some 10,000 subway workers walked out last Friday, earlier than their original plan, in a sympathy strike to protest against police raids on offices of a militant railway union the day before.
The Russians had a 45-minute training session on Monday before the match.
The aim of the tour is to strengthen economic cooperation with the three countries, particularly Germany its main economic and commerical partner in Europe, said Li in a brief press conference before leaving.
"The growth rate has been slowed down, inflation is also levelling off, the economic situation is very good," he said at a press conference before leaving on a tour of Austria, Germany and Romania.
Money problems must be solved before Arafat returns  JERUSALEM, June 28 (AFP)  PLO chief Yasser Arafat will not arrive in the autonomous areas until the financial crisis facing the new authority is sorted out, according to the new Palestinian economy "minister."
Korei said Arafat would settle in Jericho, contradicting earlier reports that he would leave after a few days before coming back to live in the territories.
"The growth rate has been slowed down, inflation is also levelling off, the economic situation is very good," he said at a press conference before leaving on a tour of Austria, Germany and Romania.
PLO chief negotiator Nabil Shaath first met Environment Minister Yossi Sarid for one-on-one talks before trying to work out an agenda with General Danny Rothschild, Israel's coordinator for the occupied territories.
There are also the brilliant mathematicians hoping to get publicity for their new formulas before jealous colleagues get their hands on the document.
The rand opened Monday at 3.5980/95 before slipping back at the close.
Money and security problems must be solved before Arafat returns  EREZ, Gaza Strip, June 28 (AFP)  PLO chief Yasser Arafat will not arrive in the autonomous areas until security questions and the financial crisis facing the new authority is sorted out, according to new Palestinian "ministers".
Korei said Arafat would settle in Jericho, contradicting earlier reports that he would leave after a few days before coming back to live in the territories.
About 1,400 French crack troops and 300 vehicles were deployed on the Zairean-Rwandan border early Monday, slightly more than half of the troops that are to take part in the UN-mandated mercy mission before the end of the week.
White youth killed in bomb blast  JOHANNESBURG, June 27 (AFP)  The homemade bomb which killed a white youth in Alberton, east of Johannesburg, Monday was similar to those used in a right-wing bombing spree three days before South Africa's historic election in April, police said Tuesday.
"This is a smaller version of the explosives used in the bomb blasts in the (Johannesburg) area" three days before the April 26-29 election, the statement added.
He was reportedly measure for a race seat at the team's headquarters in Oxford before making the announcement at a press conference Coulthard was promoted after the death of Brazilian Ayrton Senna on May 1.
Mansell, a winner of 30 Grand Prix who made his debut in Austria in 1980 with Lotus, was reportedly measured for a race seat at the team's headquarters in Oxford before making the announcement at a press conference Mansell, seen as one of motorsport's leading attractions, left Renault Williams as reigning champion after a bitter row, defecting to the United States where he won the championship in his first season in 1993.
PLO chief negotiator Nabil Shaath first met Environment Minister Yossi Sarid for one-on-one talks before trying to work out an agenda with General Danny Rothschild, Israel's coordinator for the occupied territories.
Flanker Pienaar took a heavy blow to the head late in the match, won 36-26 by the tourists, and was decidedly groggy as he was led from the field before being stretchered off the ground.
He was to give a news conference at the National Assembly, the French lower house, before the parliament debate.
The document, which also envisages joint military exercises, will be presented to the 16 members in the Atlantic Alliance before it is published.
Sterling was stronger before forecasts by Chancellor of the Exchequer Kenneth Clarke for the economy for the current year.
The transfer of the pace-maker activities owned by Siemens to St Jude was expected to occur during the fourth quarter of the 1993-94 year before September 30.
The DP urged Kim Young-Sam to "collect opinions from all walks of life before July 25-27 summit and called for a National Asembly session to provide input for the meeting.
The blaze aboard Faster Link owned by the private company Europa Linjen broke out just before midnight and was brought under control about three hours later.
The assailants drove up to the police van before opening fire killing all six officers on the spot.
The car they used had been stolen only a few minutes before, police said.
Qian was also due to visit Belarus, Lithuania, Estonia and to travel on to Finland before returning to China next month.
A winner of 30 Grand Prix who made his debut in Austria in 1980 with Lotus, he was measured for a race seat at the team's headquarters in Oxford before making the announcement.
The Russian leader conceded that there could be "rumblings" before the 1996 presidential election but asked rhetorically: "Are there not strikes in your countries?
"There have have been successes in the fight against inflation and before us are the premises for reviving the investment process," Yeltsin said.
He vowed that the city would clean up "no matter what the cost" and predicted that the beaches would be back to normal before the December summer holidays.
He said the party should have worked instead to "set up, before the end of July, a major convention of the lay left and Catholics to prepare for the birth of a new democratic coalition of the left."
Such a convention would have allowed "progressives" to choose an opposiiton leader before "the nomination, in October for example, of a new PDS secretary general affected any decision."
Both sides then traded automatic weapons fire for an hour after the dawn attack in Houla before two Israeli helicopters raked the area with heavy machine gun fire and two air-to-surface missiles.
But recently, a French businessman suffered the kind of nightmare journey experienced by so many others robbed of their coats, cases and other personal effects before him.
Whereas a year ago, it was difficult to obtain a ticket a day before departure, nowadays, even in the tourist season, "the trains leave half full," says a worried Nicolai Saenko, the railway chief engineer.
Even after lining up at one of the city's wells, the water still has to be boiled before it can be drunk.
The unilateral move, which is contrary to European Union free trade rules, takes the form of an order he has placed before the Bundesrat, or upper House of Parliament, which represents the 16 German regional states.
Germany earlier this month banned the slaughter of all cattle imported from Great Britain and Northern Ireland before July 1, 1990, when a restriction on the export of British cattle because of BSE went into force.
Speaking shortly before the fifth anniversary of his seizure of power in a bloodless coup on June 30, 1989, Bashir said that the difficulties arising from a US embargo on aid to Sudan constituted "the labour pains before the rebirth of the new Islamic state."
He said military activity in Bosnia-Hercegovina in the past days had reached levels of before the one-month truce which became effective June 10.
It had been individual politicians who applied pressure to have him dropped, just hours before the Brazil match, he added.
He said his dropping out was a good move, as the team had two peaceful days to compete before the Russia match.
Tukan said it was necessary to "draw up the international borders before contemplating any future project or to sign a peace treaty.
"We cannot, for example, examine the project for a road linking Jordan, Israel and Egypt via Aqaba, Eilat and Taba without having first clearly marked out the borders, crossing points and customs, and all this will have appear on the map before it is executed on the ground," he added.
Milla entered the match less than two minutes before Marcio Santos made it 2-0 for Brazil, and a minute after Rigobert Song was sent off.
His two late goals against Romania, his outfoxing of eccentric Colombian keeper Rene Higuita before scoring, and a superb performance against England in Naples elevated him to hero status.
Abu Dhabi, the main oil producer in the UAE, owned 77 percent of BCCI before the bank was closed.
AGF is to be privatised before the end of the year if conditions on financial markets permit.
The unilateral move, which is contrary to  European Union free trade rules, takes the form of an order he has placed  before the Bundesrat, or upper House of Parliament, which represents the 16  German regional states.
According to a Boston newspaper, the nine, who were unnamed, will wait until the tournament ends on July 17 before making a move.
Opening the fifth and last session of the country's parliament before next year's general elections, Mugabe said democracy in South Africa would not only benefit that country alone, "but also ...
Mansell said he was looking forward to "a lot of hard work" before Sunday's French Grand Prix but refused to predict what would happen at Magny Cours.
In a brief press conference before flying off, he said the aim of his visits was to strengthen economic cooperation with the three countries, particularly Germany, its main economic and commercial partner in Europe.
Kohl, whose role in the European chair thus gets off to a difficult start, said it was essential to reach agreement on Delors's successor before the first session of the new European parliament on July 19.
Dow holds steady  NEW YORK, June 28 (AFP)  Blue-chip stocks held steady in early trading Tuesday as investors paused after a strong rally the day before.
Li made the comments shortly before he left for a two-week European tour, which will take him to Austria, Germany and Romania accompanied by the vice-premier responsible for external trade, Li Lanqing, and a large delegation of economic experts and state industry leaders.
Wednesday is when the final and most complex stage of Governor Chris Patten's democratic reforms -- those which enraged Beijing and cast a serious chill on Sino-British relations -- goes before the Legislative Council for debate and approval.
Most political analysts expect Patten's bid to enlarge the franchise for 1995 legislative elections -- the British colony's last before its July 1997 handback to China -- to be adopted.
"It would appear that Major had already made his mind up before arriving in Corfu (for last weekend's EU summit) and that he has not changed it," Hytiris said.
Tukan said it was necessary to "draw up the international borders before contemplating any future project or to sign a peace treaty.
"We cannot, for example, examine the project for a road linking Jordan, Israel and Egypt via Aqaba, Eilat and Taba without having first clearly marked out the borders, crossing points and customs, and all this will have appear on the map before it is executed on the ground."
Takakazu Hattori stepped down as president five days after the Securities and Exchange Surveillance Commission raided its Osaka headquarters in western Japan, for insider trading in its shares before a warning against its drug.
Nippon Shoji alleged last week 175 employees, including several top executives, had sold the company's shares before the government issued a warning against its shingles remedy, known as Sorivudin.
He also accused Italy of threatening to use its veto on the issue, "putting its own interests before those of the Union," because of outstanding disputes relating to the postwar expulsion of the Italian minority from Istria.
The move comes just two days before the June 30 deadline set by the United States for China to take corrective action over widespread violations of US patents and copyrights or face retaliatory action under the US Trade Act's Super 301 provision.
Rwandan "orphans" are not up for adoption: ICRC  GENEVA, June 28 (AFP)  Tens of thousands of Rwandan children who have been separated from their parents are not necessarily orphans and it is imperative they all be registered before being evacuated from the war-torn central African nation, the Red Cross and United Nations said in a joint statement Tuesday.
The joint statement said "serious efforts to trace family members are essential before a child is considered eligible for adoption, and these are impossible in an emergency."
But they have to rest for two days before World Cup matches, so progress in the competition is slow.
Kuchma, speaking to journalists before the final results were released, said he still had an even chance against Kravchuk in the second round.
Bentsen, speaking to reporters after testifying before the Senate Environment Committee, emphasized that the seven biggest industrialized countries "always discuss currencies and monetary policies."
The dollar closed Monday in Tokyo at a historic low before rebounding slightly and stabilizing.
John Paul II visited West Germany in 1980 and 1986, before unification.
The commission spokesman said Tuesday that the EU executive would wait until after the German ban is promulgated before considering what action to take against it.
The German authorities want a precautionary ban on imports of all British beef from cattle born before January 1, 1990, or from farms where there have been outbreaks of mad cow disease since that date.
He then spent two and a half years with the Israel National Opera before embarking on a prolific career in Europe.
It was 26 minutes before either side had a shot worthy of the name on target.
The game came to life in the five minutes before half time when Alberto Garcia Aspe's piledriver from 20 yards was tipped over the bar by Marchegiani.
O.J. Simpson's fate may hang on a telephone call  LOS ANGELES, June 28 (AFP)  A grim-faced O.J. Simpson was back in court Tuesday as a legal battle swirled around the exact time of a telephone call Nicole Simpson had before her grizzly murder.
Akashi, who said military activity in Bosnia-Hercegovina in the past days had reached levels of before the truce, was to visit North Atlantic Treaty Organization headquarters in Brussels Tuesday.
The game had only come to life just before half time.
It was 26 minutes before either side had a shot worthy of the name on target.
The five minutes before half time saw more goalmouth action than the whole of the rest of half.
Just before his recent European trip to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the allied landing in Normandy, rumors of a major reshuffling were mounting.
The frantic last quarter of an hour was in marked contrast to the unimaginative battling that had gone on before.
Unterweger was given a first life sentence in 1975 for the murder of a German youth, but was freed before the end of his term in 1990.
Clinton's lawyers are also looking into whether a sitting president can be sued for alleged offenses committed before he came to office.
He looks in your eyes and then, just before you serve, he steps back and goes through his routine again.
After writing several novels and plays in prison, Unterweger was freed before the end of his term in 1990 following pressure from Austrian literary circles, but arrested again in February 1992 despite being held up as a successful example of rehabilitation.
The frantic last quarter of an hour when both sides could have won the match was in marked contrast to the tightly battled contest that had gone before.
The frantic last quarter of an hour when both sides could have won the match was in marked contrast to the tightly battled contest that had gone before.
Even before that the largest group of newspapers, Zimpapers, which falls under the government-appointed Mass Media Trust, was using the title.
A grim-faced O.J. Simpson in court for the proceedings Tuesday, and a separate legal battle swirled around the exact time of a telephone call Nicole Simpson had before her murder.
Traders were expected to hold back a bit this week, biding time before next week's meeting of the Group of Seven industrialized countries in Naples, Italy, and a meeting of the Federal Reserve's policy-making Open Market Committee, said Jim Moore, an American Security Bank trader.
Kinkel hopes to end commission row before summit  ROME, June 28 (AFP)  German Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel said here Tuesday that he hoped the dispute over a successor to Jacques Delors as European Commission president would be resolved before an emergency EU summit on July 15.
Kinkel, speaking after talks with Italian Foreign Minister Antonio Martino, said: "Clearly our goal is to find a solution before July 15."
Thousands of Haitian refugees were packed in the base in 1992 before the United States began its policy of intercepting boatpeople at sea and promptly returning them to Haiti -- a policy that was in effect until June 16.
reopens (LOS ANGELES) Salenko had not scored in four internationals before coming here but Russian captain Vikto Onopko denied he only made the team as a replacement for the rebels who had refused to play under coach Pavel Sadyrin.
"Even before I'm telling them, they have to be aware of it.
Solari said he would not give players their starting assignments against Belgium until just before the match.
Thousands of Haitian refugees were packed in the base in 1992 before the United States began its policy of intercepting boatpeople at sea and promptly returning them to Haiti -- a policy that was in effect until June 16.
Some looting was reported before police dispersed the crowds.
Germany's move, which is contrary to European Union free trade rules, takes the form of an order which health minister Horst Seehofer has placed before the Bundesrat, or upper parliamentary chamber.
About one hour before the Tokyo market opened, Bentsen called for a stronger dollar and rejected suggestions Washington was seeking a weaker dollar to boost exports.
(LOS ANGELES) Nine players had scored four World Cup goals in a match before Salenko struck five times to send unhappy Cameroon home.
Salenko had not scored in four internationals before this tournament and would probably have been on the substitutes bench if the established Russian stars had come.
They were beaten 5-0 one month before the tournament by England, who failed to qualify.
The man singled out by Pele two months before the World Cup as one of the great players of the future will probably be in the starting line-up for the first time.
About one hour before the Tokyo market opened, Bentsen called for a stronger dollar and rejected suggestions Washington was seeking a weaker dollar to boost exports.
About one hour before the Tokyo market opened, Bentsen called for a stronger dollar and rejected suggestions Washington was seeking a weaker dollar to boost exports.
Tapie ordered to appear before investigating magistrate  PARIS, June 29 (AFP)  French tycoon and left-wing politician Bernard Tapie was ordered to appear before an investigating magistrate early Wednesday where he was expected to be charged with embezzelement and tax evasion.
Throughout his captivity, Harp sent his relatives numerous letters begging them to give in to the kidnapper's ransom demands, which they did 20 minutes before an execution deadline ran out on June 21.
Tapie ordered to appear before investigating magistrate  PARIS, June 29 (AFP)  French tycoon and left-wing politician Bernard Tapie was ordered to appear before an investigating magistrate early Wednesday where he was expected to be charged with embezzelement and tax evasion.
He emerged 25 minutes later, without handcuffs, in the courtyard of his home, flanked by four police officers, and was driven off to the police headquarters where he was charged with obstructing police officers before being escorted to the Paris courthouse to be interviewed by magistrate Eva Joly.
The draft resolution extending UNMIH's mandate to July 30 calls on the UN chief to report back to the council before July 15, "with specific recommendations on the strength, composition, cost and duration of UNMIH, appropriate to its expansion and deployment after the departure of the senior Haitian military leadership."
Hong Kong plays out final act of Patten reforms by Robert MacPherson  HONG KONG, June 29 (AFP)  Legislators on Wednesday played out the final act of Governor Chris Patten's bid to extend democracy in Hong Kong before its 1997 handback to China, but an amendment by Beijing-leaning politicians threatened to draw out the saga.
Some 30,000 cheering fans gathered before the Angel of Independence monument, a central square where spontaneous celebrations traditionally take place, after Mexico drew 1-1 with Italy in the US capital Tuesday afternoon.
About 1,400 French crack troops and 300 vehicles were deployed on the Zairean-Rwandan border early Monday, slightly more than half of the troops that are to take part in the UN-mandated mercy mission before the end of the week.
Japan's coalition, socialists kick off last-minute talks by Shingo Ito  TOKYO, June 29 (AFP)  Japanese socialists and the ruling coalition engaged in a race against time Wednesday in a bid to reach agreement on conditions for a new government before parliament rises.
But even before the game started Tordo was arguing with Hawke over who was to play with the strong and bitterly cold wind in the first half.
With the local market also ignoring remarks by US Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen, the dollar dropped to a new low of 99.05 yen at one stage before recovering slightly to close at 99.27 yen, down 1.08 yen Tuesday's finish.
The market also ignored remarks by US Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen and the dollar fell to a new low point of 99.05 yen at one stage before recovering slightly to close at 99.27 yen.
Police handcuffed the businessman and charged him with insulting behaviour before bringing him before magistrate Eva Joly.
While the army has refused to give exact figures since the releases began on May 4, international aid groups said more than 7,000 Palestinians remained in prison before Wednesday's releases.
Kohl said he was confident of finding a candidate acceptable to all 12 EU members before Germany hosts a special summit on July 15 "I have no doubt that we will present a candidate to the European Council (on July 15) before the European Parliament opens," he said.
Howerver one of his lawyers, Hans Lehofer, said he had cried when he told him of the verdict moments before it was read out in court.
Percentages before and after the incident were 12.4 and 12.3, which may show that people do not want to provoke China by abruptly declaring independence, officials said.
As rebel forces were withdrawing under hot pursuit by the army, one rebel killed a civlian before turning the gun on himself.
Japan's own helicopter to make debut  TOKYO, June 29 (AFP)  A helicopter built purely with Japanese technology is to make a test flight before the end of this year, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd.
Reuter, 66, is to leave his job at the head of the biggest German industrial group on May 24 at the next general meeting of shareholders, seven months before the end of his contract.
"We hope to announce the agreement before the Group of Seven summit meeting next month," the spokesman said.
But he declined to elaborate on the accord, citing a US request not to reveal it before a formal announcement was made.
The Japanese side has promised to make efforts to shorten the time needed to determine whether or not to authorise patents, and has agreed to screen applications filed internationally before others.
In a marathon sitting, the Legislative Council voted 29-28 against a Liberal Party amendment that would have dramatically reduced the franchise in 1995 elections -- the last to be held before Hong Kong's 1997 handback to China.
Several technical amendments remained to be debated, however, before the final reform bill is adopted -- likely in the early hours of Thursday.
William of Rubrouck set off in May of the same year travelling via Constaninople to the Crimea, and crossed the Don, the Volga, the Urals and Altay mountains before reaching the Great Khan's court in December.
Hong Kong democracy bill survives by a single vote  HONG KONG, June 29 (AFP)  Hong Kong's legislature Wednesday defeated by a single vote a bid by pro-Beijing politicians to water down Governor Chris Patten's bill to strengthen the colony's democracy before the 1997 handover.
In a marathon sitting, the Legislative Council voted 29-28 against a Liberal Party amendment that would have dramatically reduced the franchise in 1995 elections -- the last to be held before the transition.
He was released on parole in February 1993 before being placed back in jail a year later.
Judging from previous failed attempts by Afghans to convene broad- based meetings, or to come to a consensus if they do, it seems unlikely that Rabbani would transfer power before the end of the year, unless forced to do so militarily.
The chancellor said he was confident of finding a candidate to succeed Delors acceptable to all 12 EU members before a special summit on July 15 that Kohl convened to settle the crisis.
"I have no doubt that we will present a candidate to the European Council (on July 15) before the European Parliament opens" on July 19, he said.
Hoisting flags and playing national anthems will be one of the most sensitive issues to be resolved before the summit, protocol officials said.
Complicating their job is the lack of guarantee that the Northern side will follow agreed-on terms, as the North has a record of disregarding terms reached beforehand, Paek said.
Qian, currently in Moscow, is due to visit Belarus, Lithuania and Estonia before arriving in Finland, the last stop on his tour before heading back to China.
It aimed to restore peace to the tiny, impoverished central African nation but failed to be implemented before fresh fighting erupted in April when Rwandan President Juvenal Habyarimana and his Burundian counterpart Cyprien Ntaryamira, both Hutus, died in a suspect plane crash near Kigali.
Legislators were, however, set to keep debating well into the night on a long string of technical amendments to the final and most complex stage of Patten's package, which spells out arrangements for 1995 legislative polls -- the last before Hong Kong's July 1997 handback to China.
Lara will have a fitness test on his knee before the start of Warwickshire's four-day championship match against Lancashire at Edgbaston on Thursday.
Williams-Renault, who ruled the sport with an iron fist for two years before being overrun by the Benetton driver, have hired Mansell to restore their pride after a nightmare start to the season.
Schumacher has been standing head and shoulders above the rest this year, even before Mansell's predecessor in the Williams hotseat, Ayrton Senna, was killed at the San Marino Grand Prix on May 1.
Mansell won his world title with the team in 1992, before leaving under a cloud after failing to agree terms for 1993.
He won't have the best car, or an ideal preparation -- having been dumped in the cockpit just 72 hours before the first qualifying practice.
But Mansell is above all a fighter, and this is a race he has won four times before and twice on this circuit in the wilderness of central France.
The proposed partition map, seen as a "last chance" for peace, will be discussed by an inter-ministerial meeting early July before going forward to the Group of Seven industrialised nations summit in Naples July 8-10.
Murayama was speaking before a midnight meeting with leaders of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and the small New Party Sakigake to discuss the formation of the new cabinet.
As many as 175 employees allegedly dumped shares in the company before the goverment issued a public warning against its deadly shingles remedy.
BHP bumper profits threatened by possible writedown analysts by David Williams SYDNEY, June 29 (AFP) - Australia's largest company, BHP Co. Ltd., is expected to post record net profits before abnormals this week, but analysts warned Wednesday an asset write-down could wipe out the bulk of its earnings.
Analysts predicted the mainstay of BHP's net profit increase before abnormals would come from its steel division.
Williams-Renault, who domiated the sport for two years before being overrun by the Benetton driver, have hired Mansell to restore their pride after a nightmare start to the season.
Schumacher has been standing head and shoulders above the rest this year, even before Mansell's predecessor in the Williams hotseat, Ayrton Senna, was killed at the San Marino Grand Prix on May 1.
Mansell won his world title with the team in 1992, before leaving under a cloud after failing to agree terms for 1993.
He won't have the best car, or an ideal preparation -- having been dumped in the cockpit just 72 hours before the first qualifying practice.
But Mansell is above all a fighter, and this is a race he has won four times before and twice on this circuit in central France.
Arafat's return puts Israel before a "fait accompli" by Marius Schattner  TEL AVIV, July 29 (AFP)  Israel made threateningly negative sounds after PLO chairman Yasser Arafat's dramatic news of his return to Gaza, but the wily veteran appeared to have left his erstwhile enemies with little or no choice.
"He's coming on Friday throught Egypt via Rafah," Shaath told Israel radio in an interview from Cairo before giving an idea of the security nightmare.
The operation would be "limited and temporary" and would act as a bridging operation before a reinforcement of the United Nations force in Rwanda.
A pay dispute, which led to threats of a strike before they met Brazil, and governmental intervention from back home over selection, causing goalkeeper Joseph-Antoine Bell's removal from the team, undermined Cameroon's campaign.
There were a lot of things which happened before the finals.
(SAN FRANCISCO) Milla added: "There was no team spirit, not even before the World Cup.
"From now on, we will take responsibility for running the country," he told a meeting of LDP members shortly before midnight.
The two sides are to sign a series of economic agreements before the visit concludes Sunday.
But the mark benefited from dollar weakness to firm against other European currencies, especially the French franc, rising to 3.4350 francs to the mark before easing back to 3.4275 in late afternoon.
Ferreira fought back in the final set after trailing 2-4 to hold a break point in the 11th game before being caught out in his final service game by an inch perfect top spin lob.
Belgium were already qualified before this game but defeat left them in third place in the group.
The striker picked up the ball just inside his own half and beat four Belgians before firing the ball past the advancing Michel Preud'homme It was the first goal conceded by Preud'homme, rated the tournament's best goalkeeper after outstanding performances in Belgium's wins over Morocco and Holland.
With his defence all at sea Preud'homme twice plunged bravely to keep out shots from Fahad Al Bishi before Michel de Wolf cleared the danger.
India accuses Pakistan of training and arming Moslem guerrillas before sending them across to the troubled frontier province.
That is a partnership with the Choung Dong company, the main drinks producer in southern Vietnam, which also bottled Coca Cola before the Vietnam war.
Meanwhile, a Gaza settler, Zvi Hendel, told the radio he had information that Arafat could travel by helicopter from the Gaza Strip to Jerusalem in order to pray on the Esplanade of Mosques (Temple Mount) before visiting Jericho.
Shortly before starting the talks, Murayama addressed a meeting of jubilant LDP members after embracing Kono in the parliament building in central Tokyo.
Speight had reached 41 off 70 balls when he was bowled by Hansie Cronje attempting a big hit down the leg side shortly before tea.
Hall went on to score 48 before he edged McMillan to skipper and former Sussex batsman Kepler Wessels at slip.
Barkley, who will make 3.3 million dollars next season, hopes to reach his ninth NBA All-Star Game and play it before his home city fans.
Even then the service would only run at reduced levels, as all the trains will have to pass testing procedures before the system can run at its full capacity of 15 return Chunnel journeys a day, a level Eurotunnel is hoping to reach by summer 1995.
A six-month probation period would then be necessary before lifting the embargo.
He is scheduled to leave the United States on Friday, two days before Romania play their second round match at Pasadena's Rose Bowl.
Arafat to arrive in Cairo Thursday  CAIRO, June 29 (AFP)  PLO chairman Yasser Arafat will arrive in Egypt Thursday morning before heading to the Gaza Strip, PLO and Egyptian officials said here Wednesday.
Arafat will stop briefly at Cairo airport at 10:45 a.m. (0745 GMT), before heading to Alexandria, where he will meet Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak, the officials said.
1966 and all that for Saudis  WASHINGTON, June 29 (AFP)  Saudi Arabia, 500-1 bets before kicking off their first World Cup, are following in the footsteps of 1966 sensations North Korea after reaching the second round on Tuesday.
They beat Italy 1-0 in one of the great World Cup upsets and then, in the quarter-finals, led Portugal 3-0 before Eusebio's four goals sent them to a 5-3 defeat.
He picked up the ball just inside his own half and beat four opponents before shooting past the advancing Michel Preud'homme from 12 metres.
The Saudis had led against Holland in their opening match before falling 2-1 to an 86th minute decider.
Fortunately for them they had qualified before this game but defeat dropped them to third place in Group F.
With his defence all at sea Preud'homme twice plunged bravely to keep out shots from Fahad Al Bishi before Michel de Wolf cleared the danger.
(new series) Leotard pleads for UN reinforcements before French leave Rwanda  GOMA, Zaire, June 29 (AFP)  Other countries must send troops to Rwanda to help save lives before France ends its own mission there, French Defence Minister Francois Leotard said here Wednesday.
FIFA, in an attempt to stamp out foul play, said before the tournament started that players tackling from behind should be sent off.
North Korea will lay out its plans the following day and then both sides will break to consult with their home governments before returning to the negotiating table for two more days of talks, Gallucci said.
"We hope to have an exchange with the president-elect on a full range of issues, but that's going to depend entirely on our ability to resolve the concerns that we do have about the allegations that he has ties to Colombian drug-traficking organizations," McCurry said before the meeting.
"We are going to give him a full work-out before the match to see if he can play," said coach Dimitar Penev.
The elections are to be the last in the British colony before its return to Chinese sovereignty three years from Friday.
Thursday's 32-24 passage of Patten's electoral reform bill, during a marathon debate that stretched 18 hours, came three years and a day before Hong Kong's return to China.
The result will not be known before Thursday, June 30.
(new series) Hong Kong woos Beijing after lawmakers embrace Patten reforms by Robert MacPherson  HONG KONG, June 30 (AFP)  Hong Kong looked to Beijing on Thursday for a final three years of cooperation before the territory's return to China, after legislators sitting in a marathon session voted to accept the last part of Governor Chris Patten's controversial democratic reforms.
Sacchi's rosy portrait was promptly contradicted by an Italian reporter getting up and denouncing the coach for letting the country down before stomping out in disgust.
Players using medicine which contain prohibited substances must report the matter to FIFA beforehand.
Kinkel set off on a tour of several EU capitals this week in a bid to find a candidate acceptable to all member countries and defuse the argument before it poisons the German EU presidency.
Mohammad, who came from Abyan, was toppled by Baid in a bloody power struggle in Aden in 1986, before the former conservative North Yemen merged with the Marxist South in May 1990.
They were attacked and knocked out of action even before the war broke out.
Germans paper over the cracks  CHICAGO, Illinois, June 29 (AFP)  Lothar Matthaus has denied reports that coach Berti Vogts had to seek his captain's permission before expelling Stefan Effenberg from the World Cup.
However, the Argentine delegation should have informed FIFA beforehand he was taking the drug.
Argentina coach Alfio Basile named him in the side for Thursday's Group D match against Bulgaria before being told his captain was under the threat of suspension.
Dare was criticized for leaving school before properly developing his game.
But the Argentine delegation should have told FIFA beforehand he was taking the drug.
URGENT  HONG KONG, June 30 (AFP)  After seven years of haggling, Britain and China reached agreement Thursday on the disposal of valuable British military lands before the territory's 1997 handback to Beijing.
Britain, China agree on disposal of military land in Hong Kong  HONG KONG, June 30 (AFP)  After seven years of haggling, Britain and China reached agreement Thursday on the disposal of valuable British military lands before the territory's 1997 handover to Beijing.
For example, a settler leader in Gaza, Zvi Hendel, told Israel radio he had information that Arafat could travel by helicopter from Gaza to Jerusalem in order to pray at the Old City mosques before visiting Jericho.
French Defence Minister Francois Leotard appealed to other countries to send troops to help save lives before France ended its mission when he inspected troops at mission headquarters in Zaire on Wednesday.
Arafat's arrival in Cairo delayed  CAIRO, June 30 (AFP)  PLO leader Yasser Arafat will delay his arrival in Egypt, where he is to hold talks before making his first visit to the Gaza Strip in 27 years, Palestinian officials here said Thursday.
Using nose drops that contained ephedrine the night before a game, the AFA officials added, cannot be compared to testing positive for cocaine.
Shevardnadze calls for end to war in Black Sea region  TBILISI, June 30 (AFP)  Political differences and armed conflicts between member-countries of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation grouping (BSEC) must be settled before real economic progress can be made, Georgian leader Edvard Shevardnadze said Thursday.
The survey of 2,200 people in 13 towns and villages just before the democracy movement erupted, was published under the title 'Study of the political consciousness of Chinese Citizens."
Arafat to arrive in Egypt Friday  CAIRO, June 30 (AFP)  PLO chief Yasser Arafat will arrive in Egypt on Friday for talks with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak before heading to the Gaza Strip, Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Mussa said Thursday.
Born in Kanagawa prefecture south of Tokyo in 1937 as the second son of former LDP lawmaker, he studied politics and economics at Waseda University before going on to work at the trading company Marubeni Iida.
A total of 132 union representatives marched through the shipyard, a subsidiary of Daewoo Business Group, and staged a sit-in on Thursday to stir up solidarity before the threatened strike.
Shares are hesitant in London  LONDON, June 30 (AFP)  Share prices, which had risen during the last three sessions, were hesitant here early on Thursday before the publication of US statistics later in the day, dealers said.
But at his first news conference Thursday, he offered few signs of how he would approach the wide-ranging talks launched in July last year which collapsed in February before being resumed a month ago.
He served as health and welfare minster and transport minister before getting the important post of finance minister in the government of Toshiki Kaifu who was prime minister from 1989 to 1991.
A policeman said the driver pointed his gun at the officer, who fired into the ground before letting off two more shots in the air.
Dollar finds foothold on mark before the weekend  LONDON, June 30 (AFP)  The dollar remained weak against the yen in initial trading here on Thursday but firmed in Europe against the mark on short-covering before the weekend which will include Monday in the United States.
The dollar was being sold against the yen and the market did not expect central banks to mount concerted intervention before next week.
French Defence Minister Francois Leotard appealed to other countries to send troops to help save lives before France ended its mission when he inspected troops at mission headquarters in Zaire on Wednesday.
Journalists saw the spur come under rocket fire and jet strikes before noon.
Martens told the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung that British Prime Minister John Major was informed of Bonn's support for Dehaene before a meeting between German Chancellor Helmut Kohl and French President Francois Mitterrand in Mulhouse, France, on May 30-31.
In the same article, German sources close to Kohl said Bonn had made known its support for Dehaene "even before Mitterrand had taken up the issue" of who would succeed current European Commission president Jacques Delors, who is due to step down in early January.
"We are offering this price for the capture of Arafat dead or alive, but we would prefer him to be held alive so that we can bring him him before Israeli courts," settler spokesman Aharon Domb told AFP.
Joly released Tapie but ordered him not to leave the country before July 18, when the tycoon starts to benefit from immunity as a member of the European parliament.
He served as governor of Shiga for 12 years before being elected to the lower house in 1986.
But at the same time, it showed new flexibility in relations with Britain by agreeing, after seven years of haggling, on a plan to dispose of valuable military lands before Hong Kong's 1997 handback to China.
Arafat to arrive Friday, adviser says  JERUSALEM, June 30 (AFP)  PLO chairman Yasser Arafat will arrive in the Gaza Strip on Friday before sundown, when the Jewish sabbath starts, one of his advisers told AFP on Thursday.
Under a Russian-brokered ceasefire agreement, Georgian refugees were to return to Abkhazia before talks on a political status for Abkhazia were to begin.
Arafat will now arrive in the Gaza Strip on Friday before sundown, when the Jewish sabbath starts, one of his advisers Ahmad Tibi told AFP.
"We are offering this price for the capture of Arafat dead or alive, but we would prefer him to be held alive so that we can bring him him before Israeli courts," said settler spokesman Aharon Domb.
Japan's new trade minister unlikely to visit US before summit  TOKYO, June 30 (AFP)  Japan's new Trade Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto is unlikely to visit the United States to discuss trade before next month's summit of Group of Seven (G7) industrialised nations in Naples, a ministry official said Thurdsay.
Hideaki Kumano, vice minister of the International Trade and Industry (MITI), told reporters the schedule was too tight for Hashimoto to visit Washington before the three-day summit starting July 8.
The French SNCF, EPS-British Rail and Belgian SNCB companies had said on Wednesday that Eurostar long-distance passenger services could not begin in the summer as had been planned and could not be launched before September.
Police said the trial was not likely to be held before the second half of 1995.
Celebrations started exactly three years before Britain will enjoy its last day in control of the last remaining jewel of its former empire.
Britain has occupied Hong Kong for nearly 150 years, seen the territory become immensely prosperous and yet waits until handing it back to China before introducing a democracy policy.
Japan's new trade minister unlikely to visit US before summit  TOKYO, June 30 (AFP)  Japan's new Trade Minister, Ryutaro Hashimoto, is unlikely to visit the United States to discuss US-Japan trade talks before next month's summit of Group of Seven (G7) industrialised nations in Naples, a ministry official said Thurdsay.
Hideaki Kumano, vice minister of the International Trade and Industry (MITI), told reporters the schedule was too tight for Hashimoto to visit Washington before the three-day summit starting July 8.
North rings Aden with 15 brigades as ceasefire announced by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, Yemen, June 30 (AFP)  Northern troops ringed Aden with 15 brigades and fought to within one kilometre (a mile) of the southern city before another ceasefire in Yemen's two-month civil war was announced, officials said.
"They should arrest the king first before arresting any citizen opposing the war," he said.
He said this final ruling "could be made before the end of the year," since the Commission "apparently does not intend to pursue the matter."
Arafat will meet Mubarak for lunch in the Montazah palace in the coastal city of Alexandria before flying to Sinai's al-Arish province, Shaath said after after meeting with Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Mussa.
In Jerusalem, an Arafat advisor said the PLO chairman will arrive in the Gaza Strip on Friday before sundown, when the Jewish sabbath starts.
But before resorting to curbs on trade to achieve such goals, governments should ask themselves whether this was the best way of proceeding, Shigehara said, suggesting that this might harm further trade liberalization - which should be a key element of a strategy aimed at "sustainably lower unemployment and rising standards of living."
It was so sudden that before we got there they had already taken them away so we only tried to secure the premises," the spokesman said.
"I'm pleased a new cabinet was somehow formed before the Naples summit," he said, referring to the Group of Seven summit in Naples starting July 8.
And the formation of LDP cabinets before the ruling party lost power last year was often delayed by fighting between various factions in the conservative party.
(AFP)     ADEN, Yemen: Northern troops ringed Aden with 15 brigades and fought to  within one kilometre (a mile) of the southern city before the ceasefire in  Yemen's two-month civil war was announced.
(AFP)     HONG KONG: After seven years of negotiations, Britain and China reached  agreement on the disposal of valuable British military lands before the  territory's 1997 handover to Beijing.
Two EU countries, Spain and Greece, have an extra grace period -- to change their legislation -- before they must open their insurance markets to foreign competition.
Having made the 99th-ranked Fernandez wait until the third game before conceding a point, Navratilova then streaked 5-1 clear before her 30 -year-old opponent staged a plucky and unexpected recovery.
The millionaire businessman-turned-politician had been in hiding since declaring himself president and head of the armed forces on June 11 -- the day before the anniversary of last year's election.
Who knows, he may end up here before Gaza."
"It is my opinion that the whole West Bank should come under self-rule before a visit by Arafat."
Murayama hopes for breakthrough in US trade talks before summit  TOKYO, June 30 (AFP)  Japan's new prime minister, Tomiichi Murayama, said Thursday he hoped to achieve a breakthrough in stalled trade talks with the United States before the upcoming Group of Seven (G7) summit in Naples, Italy.
Arafat would lunch with Mubarak in Alexandria before flying to Sinai's al-Arish province and crossing the border at Rafah by car.
In Jerusalem, an Arafat advisor said the PLO chairman would arrive before sundown after a request from the Israeli chief rabbi to respect the Jewish sabbath.
It also stressed that current draft 1995 budget legislation now before Congress could further cut the deficit to "2.5 percent of GDP, the lowest since 1989."
Speaking to the House of Commons, Clarke said British interest rates had risen consistently since the beginning of the year before dropping to their current level at around 8.5 percent.
Their comments sent the dollar as high as 1.5980 German marks overnight before it settled around 1.5940 marks in Europe and the United States, said a trader with a European bank in New York.
The reform bill, which was approved by 32 votes to 24 overnight Wednesday, aims to widen the British colony's electoral franchise before it reverts to Chinese sovereignty on July 1, 1997.
The Nigerians will hold a meeting of their technical committee, including Omeruah and Dutch coach Clemens Westerhof, before deciding on what action to take.
Christopher did not say which capitals he would visit in his remarks before the Senate Foreign Affairs Committee, but Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin said Monday that the secretary would be visiting Israel and Syria.
The report released Thursday winds down the Washington phase of the investigation during which Fiske interviewed the president and Hillary Clinton and summoned a dozen top aides before a grand jury.
Gutteridge noted that commentators had compared Natal shortly before the first all-race elections in April to the civil war in the former Yugoslavia.
Murayama hopes for breakthrough in US trade talks before summit  TOKYO, June 30 (AFP)  Japan's new Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama said Thursday he hoped for a breakthrough in stalled trade talks with the United States before the upcoming Group of Seven (G7) summit in Naples.
However, Japan's new International Trade and Industry Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto is unlikely to visit the United States before the G7 summit.
"It's clear that there is genocide," Christopher testified before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee following the United Nations' finding earlier that the slaughter legally qualified as "genocide."
The serial deaths of his cows were a riddle until 1991, when he found one of the small, hard rubber balls in the stomach of a dying beast that he had to slaughter, the 46-year-old farmer contended before the Schleswig court.
The field was discovered by Mobil in February 1975 shortly before the end of the Vietnam war but abandoned a few weeks later after the fall of the pro-American regime in Saigon.
Elliott has denied any wrongdoing and will face a preliminary hearing over three charges involving the foreign exchange payments before a Melbourne magistrate on August 1.
Argentine Football Association president Julio Grondona had argued that Maradona had used a nasal spray before the 2-1 win over Nigeria because he was not feeling well.
The decision came only six hours before Argentina were due to play Bulgaria in Dallas in their final group game.
Centre forward and skipper Mark Hager added a third from a centre by outside right Stephen Davies two minutes before the interval.
Argentina's best effort before the interval was a powerful shot taken on the reverse by left half Carlos Retegui but goalkeeper Damon Diletti made a superb save.
The fraught post-mortem on the complex pre-summit candidacy negotiations continued earlier Thursday in Bonn, where former Belgian prime minister Wilfried Martens charged in an interview that Germany had told Britain nearly two months ago it would back Dehaene for the job, Martens told the daily Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung that Major was informed of Bonn's support for Dehaene before a meeting between Kohl and French President Francois Mitterrand in Mulhouse, France, on May 30-31.
The EU's audiovisual commissioner, Joao de Deus Pinheiro, said Europe needed quickly to reinforce its film and television sector before the industry was swamped by new technologies and international deregulation.
The lawyers said the evidence was improperly seized because police did not obtain a warrant before they entered the property.
Led by Corporal Foday Sankoh from May 1991, the rebel forces took over the east and south of the country before a government fight-back in 1993.
Cronje hit a six and four fours before being splendidly caught in the gully by Martin Speight, attempting to square drive Carlos Remy.
Gary Kirsten followed shortly before lunch with left-arm paceman Jason Lewry, making his first-class debut, bowling him for 26.
Daryll Cullinan followed Wessels for a duck to make South Africa 264 for five, but the experienced Peter Kirsten continued to bat attractively and completed his 50 off 144 deliveries with eight firmly struck fours before the close.
Sussex, starting the day on 282 for seven, added 76 in 14 overs before declaring, with Jarvis hitting an entertaining 70 not out, his highest score for the county.
Argentine Football Association president Julio Grondona, who finally withdrew Maradona from the tournament, had argued that his team captain had used a nasal spray before the 2-1 win over Nigeria because he was not feeling well.
A square cut sent him back to the pavilion five minutes before lunch, a bottom edge crashing into his stumps and giving Owens deserved reward for a tight spell.
Hick and Atherton ground out 36 before Hick repeated Stewart's earlier mistake to gift Owens a second wicket through a skied pull to mid-on.
But before the 1-1 World Cup draw in Palermo four years ago, they had only met once during Charlton's eight-year reign -- a 1-0 defeat for the Republic in the 1988 European Championships in Germany.
Stephen Veen made it 5-0 six minutes before the break.
A former ABC television executive, he developed the Fox network before joining QVC.
He added that "such a procedure had never been used before" in connection with indictments on financial matters.
Joly released Tapie but ordered him not to leave the country before July 18, when the tycoon starts to benefit from immunity as a member of the European parliament, where he won a seat in the European elections of June 12.
reopens (DALLAS) Ugalde later said Maradona complained of feeling stuffy the night before the Nigeria match and had apparently taken two anti-histamines, Decidex and Nastizol.
In the Argentinian team list presented before the match there was a large white space in the middle where the name of Maradona, dropped because of a positive drugs test, would have gone.
The Ukrainian-born striker was one of the Russian rebels opposed to Sadyrin before the World Cup.
The rule change to be published Thursday would allow 90 days for public comment before taking effect.
Minutes before the kick-off a single-engined private plane pulling a banner saying "Go Argentina" circled the stadium.
It was 14 minutes before Rodriguez managed to create enough space for himself to show his brilliance when he flicked an inch perfect pass to Claudio Caniggia who just failed to collect it.
There had been doubts before the kick-off over Stoitchkov's fitness but he quickly removed any doubts about a thigh strain when he sprinted fully 30 metres to hack down Hernan Diaz in the sixth minute to earn a yellow card.
Minutes before the kick-off a single-engined private plane pulling a banner saying "Go Argentina" circled the stadium.
It was 14 minutes before Rodriguez managed to create enough space for himself to show his brilliance when he flicked an inch perfect pass to Claudio Caniggia who just failed to collect it.
There had been doubts before the kick-off over Stoitchkov's fitness but he quickly removed any doubts about a thigh strain when he sprinted fully 30 metres to hack down Hernan Diaz in the sixth minute to earn a yellow card.
Minutes before the kick-off a single-engined private plane pulling a banner saying "Go Argentina" circled the stadium.
It was 14 minutes before Rodriguez managed to create enough space for himself to show his brilliance when he flicked an inch perfect pass to Claudio Caniggia who just failed to collect it.
There had been doubts before the kick-off over Stoitchkov's fitness but he quickly removed any doubts about a thigh strain when he sprinted fully 30 metres to hack down Hernan Diaz in the sixth minute to earn a yellow card.
The OFT said it expected its director-general Bryan Carsberg to spend most of July looking into the matter before deciding whether formal action is required.
On Wednesday the Chinese premier takes a scenic boat trip on the Rhine, before flying to Berlin where he will make the near-obligatory passage through the Brandenburg Gate that today symbolises German unity.
"We've only got 300 beds, and the hospital was always full even before the war," said doctor Isak Riziq Ghanem, a Jordanian who has been working in the hospital for two and a half years.
As Nigerian manager Clemens Westerhof predicted before the game, the Greeks competed fiercely.
(BOSTON) It looked to be only a matter of time before they equalised, a richly deserved first World Cup goal after 4-0 humiliations at the hands of Argentina and a Bulgaria.
Minutes before the kick-off a single-engined private plane pulling a banner saying "Go Argentina" circled the stadium.
His father -- a merchant -- had left the village for Cairo, where Arafat was raised, before coming home to die here after losing a long real-estate court battle in the Egyptian capital.
I was worried before the game because they were relaxed and there was no tension."
Minutes before the kick-off a single-engined private plane pulling a banner saying "Go Argentina" circled the stadium.
"I said before the match it was now our turn to beat Argentina and I was proved right," said goalkeeper and captain Borislav Mihailov.
(DALLAS) Argentine Football Association president Julio Grondona, who finally withdrew Maradona from the tournament, claimed that his team captain had used a nasal spray before the 2-1 win over Nigeria because he was not feeling well.
His expulsion came hours before he had been due to play a record 22nd World Cup game against Bulgaria.
