Chadian president visits regained Aouzou Strip by Laurent Chevallier  AOUZOU, Chad, June 1 (AFP)  President Idriss Deby of Chad visited the long-disputed Aouzou Strip Tuesday to mark its official return by Libya to Chadian sovereignty after 22 years of occupation and conflict.
The Libyan withdrawal took place under the control of United Nations observers after the signing a final withdrawal agreement early April.
But relations improved after Habre was overthrown late in 1990 by Deby.
Clifford's previous clients include actress Antonia de Sancha after her affair brought down the former Tory minister David Mellor and Bienvenida Buck who revealed her affair with Sir Peter Harding, the former chief of the defence staff.
Rail services resume in eastern China after incident  HONG KONG, June 1 (AFP)  Rail services between the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou and destinations in eastern China have resumed following repairs to a bridge which was damaged when an excavator fell off a passing train, it was reported Wednesday.
Service from Guangzhou to eastern China reopened on Sunday after being suspended for nine days while repairs were carried out on the bridge in Zhangshu, Jiangxi province, the Hong Kong branch of China News Service said.
The agency did not say whether train services between Guangzhou and Kunming and Chongqing in southwestern China had resumed after a May 25 report that the services were disrupted by "a serious accident" on the track.
Northern troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh and southern forces have been at war since May 5, four years after the former conservative North and Marxist South merged to form a united Yemen.
Northern troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh and southern forces have been at war since May 5, four years after the former conservative North and Marxist South merged to form a united Yemen.
Northern troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh and southern forces have been at war since May 5, four years after the former conservative North and Marxist South merged to form a united Yemen.
The 20-year-old ape, in a state of grief after his female companion died early this year, did not recover consciousness after slipping into a suspected heat-induced coma late Monday, the spokesman said.
Emphasising the need to maintain Hong Kong's position as a financial centre in Asia-Pacific after 1997, Zhu told a delegation from Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce that China hoped to settle key issues with Britain on economic matters in the territory before it is returned to Chinese sovereignty.
Rand weaker against dollar  JOHANNESBURG, June 1 (AFP)  The rand opened weaker against the dollar at the opening here Wednesday, trading at 3.6365/80 to the greenback after Monday's close of 3.6355/70.
Dealers described the market as sluggish after Tuesday's public holiday in South Africa.
UN resume some operations in Rwanda after peacekeeper's death  KIGALI, June 1 (AFP)  The United Nations resumed food distribution Wednesday to needy civilians in Rwanda's embattled capital Kigali, but other operations remained suspended after a peacekeeper was killed by a shell blast, UN officials said.
All relief operations were halted after Captain Mbaye Diagne of Senegal died from shrapnel wounds Tuesday when a shell landed a metre (yard) from his car.
Iran and Britain broke diplomatic relations after the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini issued a "fatwa" or religious decree imposing a death sentence on British author Salman Rushdie in February 1989 over his novel "The Satanic Verses."
Relations hit a new crisis last month after London accused Tehran of having links with the IRA, which is fighting a bloody campaign against British rule in Northern Ireland.
The quotation period will last until October 31, after which CNOOC will hold negotiations with foreign oil companies for bilateral contracts, the report quoted Gong as saying, adding that half the agreements were expected to be signed by the end of the year.
Four die in post-poll violence in central India  NEW DELHI, June 1 (AFP)  Police opened fire killing three men after supporters of a losing election candidate turned violent and stoned an officer to death in central India, press reports said Wednesday.
(picture) China pulls off impressive international comeback after 1989 by Tiffany Bown  BEIJING, June 1 (AFP)  China, with its booming economy and diplomatic bluster, has in the space of five years staged a spectacular international comeback after being reviled as a pariah following the Tiananmen Massacre.
Ostracised diplomatically and targeted for economic sanctions after the crushing of the pro-democracy movement on June 4, 1989, China is now riding a wave of foreign-policy successes --- capped by last week's victory in the Sino-US battle over its most-favoured-nation (MFN) trade status.
Japan led the way back to China, sending its finance minister here just eight months after the massacre and resuming government loans in July 1990.
The three parties were to meet again before the end of the month after they had studied the proposal in greater depth, Els said.
The rash of confessions started after health minister Lawrence criticised shadow health minister Bronwyn Bishop for expressing the view that cigarette advertising should be legalised.
The incident, for which no one has yet claimed responsibility, comes just three days after three people were injured, one seriously,  in the northern town of Bilbao and at an adjoining beach by two booby- trapped packages.
The incident, for which no one has so far claimed responsibility, comes three days after three people were injured, one seriously, in the northern town of Bilbao and at an adjoining beach by two booby- trapped packages.
Police suspect the separatist Basque ETA organisation of being behind the attacks which, they said, come after a four-month lull in such activities.
The Japan Automobile Dealers Association said the fall followed a 6.6 percent decline in April after decreasing 3.8 percent in March.
UN resume some operations in Rwanda after peacekeeper's death  KIGALI, May 31 (AFP)  The United Nations resumed food distribution Wednesday to needy civilians in Rwanda's embattled capital Kigali, but other operations remained suspended after a peacekeeper was killed by a shell blast, UN officials said.
All relief operations were halted after Captain Mbaye Diagne of Senegal died from shrapnel wounds Tuesday when a shell landed a metre (yard) from his car.
Rwanda was engulfed in ethnic bloodletting after the April 6 death of President Juvenal Habyarimana in an alleged rocket attack on his plane.
China plans party daily in Hong Kong after 1997: report  HONG KONG, June 1 (AFP)  China is planning to set up a communist party newspaper for Hong Kong after taking over the British territory in 1997, and is drawing up guidelines for the media, a monthly magazine said here Wednesday.
Indonesia digs a trap for itself in East Timor tiff by Pascal Mallet  JAKARTA, June 1 (AFP)  Indonesia has fallen into a trap dug by its own intransigence, analysts said Wednesday after the opening of a controversial conference in the Philippines on human rights in East Timor.
The rate is considered the bank's third base rate, after the discount and Lombard rates, and the markets had been expecting a cut, although some economists had expected more.
The WFP delivered 120 tonnes of white maize on Tuesday in four rotations from Uganda's Entebbe airport, part of 500 tonnes to be delivered to Juba after it was acquired by funds from the Belgian government and Norwegian Church Aid.
The group was arrested Monday after Bosnian Serb troops said they had discovered large amounts of foreign currency on the four Bosnians during a routine search at a Serb-manned checkpoint near Sarajevo airport, the agency reported.
From Mao to the market: the PLA, five years after Tiananmen by Gilles Campion  BEIJING, June 1 (AFP)  Five years ago, the People's Liberation Army helped the government crush the pro-democracy movement in Tiananmen Square -- but today, the PLA would intervene less out of ideology than to protect its flourishing business empire.
Prosecutors across the country launched the investigation after the March 1 elections for local council speakers and deputy speakers.
The Sydney Morning Herald, quoting intelligence sources, said the agency became concerned about its phone and computer systems nearly two years ago after a tip-off by the US Central Intelligence Agency about Russian spy activity.
The dollar started the month at 101.80 yen and closed out at 104.38 yen after topping 105 yen.
                   Spain-general,2ndlead                    450 words around 1200 GMT     VLADIVOSTOK,     Russia:        Alexander Solzhenitsyn sets off on a trans-                    Siberian pilgrimage to rediscover Russia 20                    years after being sent into exile                    Solzhenitsyn,lead                    500 words around 1300 GMT                    by Boris Bachorz     KIEV:          President Leonid Kravchuk, seeking to bring                    Crimea back into the fold, says he is prepared to                    consider a new power-sharing arrangement with the                    independence-minded Russian-speaking republic.
                   Ukraine-Crimea,lead                    500 words moved     KIGALI:        The United Nations resumes food aid operations                    in Rwanda's embattled capital Kigali,                    but suspends other actions after the                    killing of a peacekeeper, while fighting                    cuts off relief to hundreds of thousands who have                    fled the city.
Muluzi to Botswana after talks with Mugabe  HARARE, June 1 (AFP)  Newly-elected Malawian President Bakili Muluzi was due to leave for Botswana on Wednesday after a brief visit to Zimbabwe during which he held talks with President Robert Mugabe.
Muluzi said his government would look after former president Hastings Kamuzu Banda who was beaten in elections May 17 after ruling Malawi for three decades.
Solzhenitsyn leaves on trip across Russia  VLADIVOSTOK, Russia, June 1 (AFP)  Russian writer Alexander Solzhenitsyn began a long cross-country journey Wednesday on a trans-Siberian train that will take him from Vladivostok to Moscow, where he will settle after a 20-year absence.
Iran and Britain broke diplomatic relations after the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini issued a "fatwa" or religious decree imposing a death sentence on Rushdie in February 1989 over his novel "The Satanic Verses."
The civil war broke out on May 5 after a nine-month dispute between Baid and Saleh over sharing power in Yemen -- the product of a 1990 merger between the former Marxist South Yemen and tribal, conservative North.
Mark slips, dollar rises after Bundesbank repo cut  LONDON, June 1 (AFP)  The mark slipped against the main European currencies early on Wednesday after the Bundesbank had trimmed five basis points from its short-term 14-day repurchase agreement (repo) rate which fell to 5.15 percent.
Sterling was slightly higher after a study showed British manufacturing activity had picked up last month, fuelling fears of inflationary pressures and therefore speculation of interest rate rises towards the end of the year The British purchasing managers' index -- compiled by the Chartered Institute of Purchasing and Supply -- rose to a record high of 59.2 percent in May from 58 percent in April.
The Australian dollar rose to 1.3531 Australian dollars to the US dollar compared to 1.3540 at the close on Tuesday after publication of figures showing that Australian gross domestic product (GDP) had risen by five percent during the year to March.
The Palestinians could have started a customs service immediately after the May 4 signing of an agreement to launch self-rule in the West Bank enclave and on the Strip.
In the three weeks after May 4, the Israelis collected about 30,000 dollars, minus duty on petrol, for the Palestinians.
The prosecutor made his application to a court here which suspended its sitting shortly after midday local time.
UN operations in Kigali remain suspended after soldier's death by David Chazan  KIGALI, June 1 (AFP)  The United Nations hoped to resume food distribution in Rwanda's embattled capital Wednesday, UN officials said, but relief operations remained suspended after a peacekeeper was killed by a shell blast.
UN humanitarian operations in Kigali were halted after Captain Mbaye Diagne of Senegal lost his life Tuesday when a shell landed near his car.
Diagne died a day after commanders of the mainly Tutsi RPF and the Hutu-led army agreed to cooperate with the United Nations in evacuating civilians and other aid operations during their first face- to-face meeting on Monday.
A number of African countries have expressed readiness to send troops to join the force, which was drastically cut back to 450 men after 10 Belgian troops were slain in April, but the United Nations needs funds for the operation.
Stocks fall in London and Paris after Bundesbank repo cut  LONDON, June 1 (AFP)  Share prices in Paris and London slipped in thin early trading on Wednesday after the Bundesbank had trimmed a "disappointing" five basis points from its 14-day repurchase agreement (repo) rate which fell to 5.15 percent.
The building sector recoiled after gains on Tuesday: Blue Circle was down by six pence to 285, while RMC was 10 pence lower at 879 and Marley dipped four pence to 155.
The entertainments group Granada rose 11 pence to 502 after higher- than-expected six-month profits which showed a 51 percent rise to 103 million pounds (154 million dollars).
In pharmaceuticals, Wellcome rose five pence to 558 and Zeneca lifted two pence to 682 after overnight gains on Wall Street.
In Paris, shares dipped on what dealers said was disappointment at the size of the Bundesbank's repo cut after rising on opening in a technical recovery.
Among those rising, Eiffage rose 5.41 percent while Essilor International rose 2.44 percent after falling 6.4 percent on Tuesday on links with the dollar.
His invitation to Germany to take part in Bastille Day was seen as an attempt to mollify German sensitivities after Kohl was reportedly irritated at being excluded from the Normandy landings celebrations.
The journalists, from ATV's news and public affairs departments, handed in their notice after the management rejected screening the programme, which contained previously unreleased footage of the crackdown.
The Jalalabad accord, signed 18 months ago by all mujahedeen leaders in the eastern Afghan city, stated that Rabbani's tenure would end on June 30 after which general elections would take place.
-- A positive world number-one PETE SAMPRAS (USA x1) after losing to fellow-American Jim Courier in the quarter-finals.
-- JIM COURIER (USA x7), asked why top players no longer walked off court together after matches.
-- ARANTXA SANCHEZ, flying the flag after reaching the women's singles semi-final.
Boutros-Ghali's report had requested additional troops to be stationed in northeast region of Somalia, where SNM guerrillas fought bloody battles against forces of ousted Somali dictator Mohamed Siad Barre and later proclaimed the independent Republic of Somaliland after he was toppled in January 1991, said the letter, which was faxed to AFP here on Wednesday.
                   DDay-US-Clinton                    600 words by Christian Chaise      HARARE:       The ruling party of President Robert Mugabe seems                    assured of a fourth consecutive victory in parliamentary                    elections early next year after the virtual collapse                    this week of a promising opposition party.
Opposition split sets stage for another Mugabe victory by Lawrence Bartlett  HARARE, June 1 (AFP)  The ruling party of President Robert Mugabe seems assured of a fourth consecutive victory in parliamentary elections early next year after the virtual collapse this week of a promising opposition party.
A voter registration drive had to be extended last month after extremely low turnouts.
Observers attribute the apathy to a belief among ordinary Zimbabweans that their vote will not change anything 14 years after ZANU-PF swept to power in independence elections ending white-minority rule.
Girl dies as parachutist hits crowd  PRETORIA, June 1 (AFP)  Schoolgirl Briska Helberg, 13, died from head injuries after she was struck by a parachutist who crashed into a carnival crowd at a school here, a hospital spokesman said Wednesday.
But councillor Yun Ho Jin stressed that such an inspection could only take place after an overall political accord between the United States and North Korea.
Maseru back to normal as police return to work  MASERU, June 1 (AFP)  Policemen pounded the beat, patrolled the streets and directed traffic here Wednesday as policing returned to normal after 2,500 policemen ended a three-week wage-related strike.
The attack came amid an apparent resumption of separatist violence after a four-month lull, anti-terrorist experts said.
It will be debated after two years of self-rule when negotiations begin on a permanent settlement.
It rejected an alternative proposal by North Korea, presented in Vienna by its envoy Yun Ho Jin, to store 40 spent fuel rods under seal for inspection after Pyongyang reached an overall political accord with Washington.
Berkeley said he examined Bond last Fridau, the day after he was excused from appearing in court, because another doctor had told Magistrate Ivan Brown he believed Bond was showing signs of a possible approaching stroke.
"It is not proper to regard all these incidents as pirate attacks," said the letter, released by the IMO after a meeting of its Maritime Safety Committee.
Military and civilian prosecutors began investigating Liao and other corrupt officials after Navy Captain Yin Ching-feng was found murdered in December last year.
Wigan led 12-0 after 15 minutes and 12-4 at halftime following tries by second rower Denis Betts and centre Barrie-Jon Mather.
The English giants, who scooped the league and Challenge Cup double this season, scored again three minutes after halftime through young winger Jason Robinson to lead 18-4.
Ukraine is considered to have the world's third largest nuclear arsenal after inheriting some 2,000 nuclear warheads from the former Soviet Union.
Ireland will call on a replacement scrumhalf after Alain Rolland from Dublin's Blackrock College club tore knee ligaments.
Mahesh Kumar Bansal, 25, told police after his arrest Monday in the eastern city of Calcutta that because of his love for animals he dabbled in veterinary research, The Telegraph newspaper said Wednesday.
Das said night patrols had been reintroduced and fences erected around some animals' pens after the attack.
UN military commander, Rwandan rebel leader meet  KIGALI, June 1 (AFP)  The UN military chief in Rwanda, General Romeo Dallaire, on Wednesday met Rwandan rebel leader Paul Kagame to discuss security for UN operations the day after a peacekeeper was killed, a UN spokesman said.
The UN mission in Rwanda suspended such operations after a Senegalese army captain was killed Tuesday when a shell apparently fired at government army positions exploded by his car.
Properzi was sent off after a fierce brawl early in the second half from which left Northern Territory winger Alec Watson with a broken nose.
Faimalo, 27, on offer for 190,000 pounds after failing to agree a new contract, could now be a target for Leeds, coached by former Naughton Park boss Doug Laughton.
But after failing to take any of the six chances offered him, he self- destructed.
Larsson, who fired down a score of aces, first hit the headlines at last year's United States Open when he reached the quarter-finals after defeating Boris Becker.
Officials said the agitators also burnt a compartment of a local train in a northern district near the town of Dalsingrai, where four students died on Tuesday after police fired on a mob incensed by an order forbidding cheating.
The students attacked police, set fire to a railway station and bombed a government jeep and bus after being stopped from cheating in university examinations, press reports said Wednesday.
De Leon would not reveal the amount of capital required for the sale, but said the company hoped to have a deal sealed by the fourth quarter after consultation with the stockholders of both companies.
UN military commander, Rwandan rebel leader meet  KIGALI, June 1 (AFP)  The UN military chief in Rwanda, General Romeo Dallaire, on Wednesday met Rwandan rebel leader Paul Kagame to discuss security for UN operations the day after a peacekeeper was killed, a UN spokesman said.
The UN mission in Rwanda suspended relief operations after a Senegalese army captain was killed Tuesday when a shell apparently fired at government army positions by the RPF exploded near his car.
The Utah surge, after a game dominated by Houston's offense, was a grim reminder of game two of Houston's second-round series, when they led Phoenix by 20 points with 10 minutes left but lost in overtime.
UN military commander, Rwandan rebel leader meet  KIGALI, June 1 (AFP)  The UN military chief in Rwanda, General Romeo Dallaire, on Wednesday met Rwandan rebel leader Paul Kagame to discuss security for UN operations the day after a peacekeeper was killed, a UN spokesman said.
The UN mission in Rwanda suspended relief operations after a Senegalese army captain was killed Tuesday when a shell apparently fired at government army positions by the RPF exploded near his car.
The Japan Times said the project would cost 2.91 trillion yen (28 billion dollars) if approved by the government's space commission, adding that the commission gave the proposal a warm welcome after it was forwarded by 20 top Japanese industrial concerns grouped as the Lunar and Planetary Society.
URGENT  ADEN, Yemen, June 1 (AFP)  Northern warplanes attacked the vital Aden oil refinery for the first time on Wednesday, but dropped their bombs on a residential district killing several civilians after running into anti-aircraft fire, a southern spokesman said here.
Anti-government demonstrations in Lagos: opposition by Jacques Pinto  LAGOS, June 1 (AFP)  Anti-government demonstrators took to the streets on the outskirts of Lagos on Wednesday a day after an ultimatum from pro-democracy groups to Nigeria's junta to stand down expired, an opposition spokesman said.
The rights committee spokesman said the demonstrations began the morning after a deadline given by the National Democratic Campaign (NADECO) to the regime of General Sani Abacha to stand down expired at midnight Tuesday.
Wall Street opens down  NEW YORK, June 1 (AFP)  Share prices on Wall Street opened slightly down early Wednesday after a rise in long term interest rates on the bond market.
The Dow Jones index was at 3,756.22, down 2.15 points (0.06 percent) shortly after the opening bell.
(AFP)     KIGALI: The UN military chief in Rwanda, General Romeo Dallaire, met  Rwandan rebel leader Paul Kagame to discuss security for UN operations the day  after a UN peacekeeper was killed, a UN spokesman said.
Shortly after trading opened, the dollar was trading at 1.6430 German marks against 1.6465 German marks at Tuesday's close and at 104.75 yen against 104.80 yen.
Pro-Syrian militiaman freed after years in Israeli jails  TYRE, Lebanon, June 1 (AFP)  Israel released a member of the pro-Syrian Amal movement on Wednesday nearly seven years after he was abducted from south Lebanon, correspondents here reported.
Hussein's release came after Israeli commandos snatched Moslem guerrilla leader Mustafa Dirani on May 21 from his home in eastern Lebanon in a bid to find missing Israeli airman Ron Arad, shot down in southern Lebanon in 1986.
The raid came several hours after a missile slammed into the airport, sparking a huge fire.
His invitation to Germany to take part in Bastille Day was seen as an attempt to mollify German sensitivities after Kohl was reportedly irritated at being excluded from the Normandy landings celebrations.
The Nobel laureate and former dissident expelled two decades ago under the old Soviet regime is heading for Moscow, where he plans to settle after living for most of his absence, hermit-like, in the wooded northern US state of Vermont.
Larsson earlier came back after saving six match points to beat Germany's Hendrik Dreekmann 3-6, 6-7 (1/7), 7-6 (7/3), 6-0, 6-1.
The two Boeing 767 aircraft were to be delivered to Russia later this month after the Russian government agreed to change a customs law that jeopardized the deal.
Pineau-Valencienne was detained after arriving here last week to answer questions about the two affiliates.
An investigation of the two firms had been launched in October after minority shareholders complained about the price of a take-over offer for their shares made by Schneider.
                   Iran-Britain, new series                    500 words around 1630 GMT     KIGALI:        The UN force commander in Kigali says                    he is hopeful humanitarian operations can                    resume in the embattled Rwandan capital after                    talks on security with Rwanda's rebel leader.
                   Rwanda,lead                    650 words around 1530 GMT                    by David Chazan     GENEVA:        Bosnia's warring parties agree to attend a                    new round of peace talks in Geneva Thursday                    after Bosnia's Serbs pledge to pull out of a UN                    exclusion zone around the Moslem enclave of                    Gorazde.
Schneider shares suspended as chief stays in custody  PARIS, June 1 (AFP)  Trading in shares in the French Groupe Schneider has been suspended until Thursday, officials said Wednesday after company chief Didier Pineau-Valencienne was kept in custody for further questioning in Brussels.
The announcement by Paris bourse officials came after Belgian authorities decided to hold him for further questioning on fraud charges.
"This is like a dream for me," said a delighted Barasategui after his win.
Hamdan Al-Maktoum's colt had tucked in on the inside of the field for most of the race, before making his move over the last two furlongs after 2,000 Guineas winner Mister Bailey's, who had led from the start, betrayed his lack of staying power over one and a half miles.
The raid came several hours after a missile slammed into Aden airport, sparking a huge fire.
In his address to parliament, Kravchuk had called for the court ruling and also said that he was prepared to consider a new power-sharing arrangement with Crimea, modelled after a similar deal reached between Moscow and the breakaway republic of Tatarstan.
UN military chief and Rwandan rebel leader agree over security by David Chazan  KIGALI, June 1 (AFP)  The UN military chief in Rwanda, General Romeo Dallaire, on Wednesday said he hoped to resume aid operations after meeting rebel leader Paul Kagame to discuss UN security in the embattled capital.
The United Nations had suspended other relief missions after a UN peacekeeper was killed in Kigali by rebel mortar fire on Tuesday.
UNAMIR was radically slashed in size after 10 Belgian UN troops were killed last month.
"The prices of major shares started to decline rapidly after most banks and companies distributed profits and interest rates on deposits in dirhams and dollars rebounded," said Ziad Dabbas, share dealing director at the National Bank of Abu Dhabi (NBAD).
They plunged to below three percent in 1994 but began to recover after the US decision early this year to raise rates.
The first two statements by the refugees were dated May 29, the day after the group entered the residence.
South Africa's peace-keeping force to be disbanded Thursday  JOHANNESBURG, June 1 (AFP)  South Africa's controversial peace-keeping force is to be disbanded Thursday, barely six months after it was set up during the transition to democracy, Defence Minister Joe Modise said Wednesday.
Soon after its deployment, the NPKF was facing hostility not only from the IFP, but also from the ANC, unimpressed by its apparent lack of discipline and inability to keep law and order.
In the last European elections in 1989, the Anti-EC movement won 18.9 percent of the vote and four seats, coming second after the Social Democrats.
"The players who did so well against Israel look like they could do the job," Basile said after a 3-0 friendly win in Tel Aviv.
General Otto Ernst Remer, 81, a leading figure of the German extreme- right, was arrested at Malaga airport in southern Spain after disappearing from Germany in March, police said.
Briefing journalists after a tour of Rwanda and a camp for Rwandan refugees in northern Tanzania, UNICEF deputy director for programmes Richard Jolly said five million dollars was needed immediately to provide relief food and medical aid to Rwandans displaced inside the country and refugees in other camps in the region.
Jolly and his team arrived here on Tuesday after a tour of the Rwandan capital, Kigali, to assess the refugee situation.
The team will travel to Harare immediately after a tour of South Africa in January.
"I won't comment on speeches which will be forgotten after June 12," he said Wednesday.
Pineau-Valenciennes's detention, after he arrived here to answer questions about the two affiliates, caused an uproar in France, where leading politicians leapt to his defence.
An investigation of Schneider affiliates Cofimines and Cofibel was launched in October after minority shareholders complained about the low price of a take-over offer for their shares made by Schneider.
Senator Sam Nunn, head of the US Armed Services Committee, Tuesday suggested holding those joint peacekeeping exercises in the United States after strong opposition emerged amongst Russian conservatives and nationalists to holding them on Russian territory as originally planned.
Failed peace-keeping force to be disbanded  JOHANNESBURG, June 1 (AFP)  South Africa's controversial peace-keeping force is to be disbanded Thursday barely four months (eds: correct) after it was set up to keep order during the country's transition to democracy, Defence Minister Joe Modise said Wednesday.
On April 21 the NPKF was consigned to "soft duties," which included tasks like escorting delivery vans into the crime-ridden townships and protecting schools and polling stations after hours during the election.
The remaining 1,000 soldiers were to have been deployed in tinderbox KwaZulu-Natal, but the plan was cut short after the disastrous first deployment.
Calderon inaugurated in San Salvador  SAN SALVADOR, June 1 (AFP)  Armando Calderon Sol was sworn in to a five year term as president Wednesday, taking over from predecessor Alfredo Cristiani a country at peace after years of civil war.
I have never played like that in my life," said the volatile Croatian after going out in straight-sets to Spanish newcomer Berasategui.
The world number-five was left numb and shell-shocked after winning only ten games in a bitterly-disappointing one-and-a-half hour centre- court battle against the unorthodox Spaniard.
"This is a dream," said the Spanish Davis Cup player after completing his his win with his eleventh ace.
But after failing to take any of the six chances offered him, he self- destructed.
Larsson, who fired down a score of aces, first hit the headlines at last year's United States Open when he reached the quarter-finals after defeating Boris Becker.
Extradited extremist arrives from Panama  ROME, June 1 (AFP)  Rightwing militant Giannini Guido, who escaped from jail in 1981 after being convicted of involvement in a series of killings, arrived here Wednesday after being extradited from Panama, police said.
It is the latest turn in a political crisis in the Micronesian state which earlier this week saw parliament dissolved and administration handed over to a council of state, which took over hours after the fall of the government of President Teatao Teannati on Monday.
"This was enought to underline market fears of a resurgence of inflation which explains the immediate reaction of the US bond market and then the New York stock exchange and after that European markets," one dealer said.
One option is to simply withdraw peacekeeping forces on the grounds that after 30 years of efforts, it is clear that there is no political will for a negotiated solution and UN resources should be spent elsewhere.
The raid came several hours after a missile slammed into Aden airport, sparking a major fire.
The US auto industry is happy that the talks are resuming, but is looking for results, not promises, after dismissing a voluntary pledge to boost imports by the Japanese industry in March as containing little substance.
"He is still defending his stand that a ceasefire can only be declared after all issues of the peace package have been dealt with and resolved," Valentim said.
Alzanki was convicted March 14 of enslavement after prosecutors said he barred her from using the phone, mailing letters or even looking out the window.
Its publication came shortly after Tehran ordered out the British first secretary Hamish Cowell in a tit-for-tat reprisal for Britain's expulsion of a diplomat at the Iranian embassy in London.
Iran and Britain broke diplomatic relations after the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini issued a "fatwa" or religious decree imposing a death sentence on Rushdie in February 1989 for his novel "The Satanic Verses."
A new crisis arose last month after London accused Tehran of having links with the IRA, which is fighting a bloody campaign against British rule in Northern Ireland.
Under the terms of the Israel-PLO deal signed in Cairo on May 4 to launch Palestinian self-rule in the Gaza Strip and Jericho, the status of Jerusalem is not due to be negotiated until after the second year of autonomy.
The bank's subsidiary, SDBO, won a court ruling to block movement and use of the 74-metre (240-feet) vessel from the port here after it decided to call in Tapie's debts alleging he had failed to honour the terms of a debt rescheduling agreement.
Parliament will consider them on June 13, the day after the European vote.
The club was relegated to the second division after the Valenciennes match-fixing case and lost 21.2 million dollars in the year ending June 30, 1993, with 69.6 million in debts, most of them due for repayment by June 30 next.
The small black town near the Gulf of Mexico was attacked and burned in January 1923 after a white woman from a neighboring town accused a Rosewood resident of rape to explain to her husband wounds from a beating by a lover.
He said of Banda, who is believed to be in his nineties: "We will look after him well...
Pineau-Valencienne's detention, after he arrived here to answer questions about the two affiliates, caused an uproar in France, where leading politicians leapt to his defence.
An investigation of Schneider affiliates Cofimines and Cofibel had been launched in October after minority shareholders complained about the low price of a take-over offer for their shares made by Schneider.
Yemen's relations with Saudi Arabia soured after Yemen strongly opposed the presence of foreign troops in the Gulf following Iraq's August 1990 invasion of Kuwait.
The mark was stronger against most other currencies after initially slipping back following the Bundesbank's decision to shave its repo rate five hundredths of a percentage point to 5.15 percent.
Scandinavian currencies were last week under pressure after Denmark released poor data on its fight to curb inflationary pressure, made all the more difficult by continuing downward pressure on interest rates.
The Australian dollar closed at 0.74 US dollars after its previous O.7383 after revealing GDP growth of five percent in the year ending March 31, the highest figure of any OECD nation.
Woo, who was on a three-day visit to Britain, said he saw the possibility of two "extreme scenarios" emerging after the demise of the ailing 89-year-old Chinese leader, Deng Xiaoping.
"In response to an urgent appeal from the United Nations, and out of deep concern about continuing carnage in Rwanda, the South African government will give humanitarian assistance to the people of this country," the statement, issued after a weekly cabinet meeting, said.
Prince Bandar Ben Sultan, the Saudi ambassador to the United States, had a triumphant smile after the 15 members of the Security Council reached agreement.
"I believe we succeeded," he said after the Saudis and other Gulf states fought hard to win acceptance of the resolution calling for an immediate ceasefire in Yemen and resumption of talks.
Northern troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh and southern forces are fighting in Yemen four years after the former conservative North and Marxist South merged to form a united country.
The final selection was made after three tryout sessions in which 44 women were put through their paces aboard Kanza, one of the America's Cup yachts used by the America3 syndicate in the 1992 regatta.
"We have them divided up into three groups -- the grinders, the bow positions and the after guard and trimmer."
Dawn Riley, a member of America3's 1992 team, will be given a chance to try out after her yacht Heineken completes the Whitbread Round-the- World Race.
Security services launched a manhunt, after his attacker fled the scene, the source added.
Roussel Uclaf and its parent Hoechst announced on May 16 that it would give its US rights to the Population Council, a US demographic research center, at no charge after years of delays in bringing the drug into this country because of a fear of such a boycott.
Dudayev's decision to extend the curfew came after Russian President Boris Yeltsin on Tuesday published a decree extending a state of emergency in neighbouring Ingushetia, Interfax quoted Chechen sources as saying.
Chechnya described a preliminary text of the decree as a "declaration of war" and said it would react with military manoeuvres after Russia extended the state of emergency to regions of Ingushetia which Chechnya claims as its own.
Turkish Cypriots to blame for talks impasse: Boutros-Ghali  UNITED NATIONS, June 1 (AFP)  Turkish Cypriots are responsible for the lack of progress in peace talks which would allow an expensive peacekeeping force to withdraw from the divided island after three decades, UN Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali said Wednesday.
Ariane gets green light after failed launch  PARIS, June 1 (AFP)  The European space programme run by Arianespace has been given permission to restart its missions following a failed launch in January, officials said Wednesday.
The 64th Ariane rocket is due to blast off on Saturday at 0702 GMT from the space centre at Kourou, French Guyana after a commission of enquiry gave the go ahead for operations to restart, four months after the failed launch.
Revived Courier out for revenge  PARIS, June 2 (AFP)  Jim Courier, on a high after his victory over world number one Pete Sampras, goes gunning for revenge against Sergi Bruguera on Friday.
Patterson said Jamaica agreed to the request after it was satisfied that the US policy was based on humanitarian grounds and that the operation would not be a financial burden to Jamaica.
US President Clinton arrives in Italy  ROME, June 2 (AFP)  U.S. President Bill Clinton arrived in Rome just after midnight Thursday on the first stage of a European tour to mark the 50th anniversary of the Allied landings in Normandy in World War II.
The first two statements by the refugees were dated May 29, the day after the group entered the residence.
The Cambodian government has asked for arms and other military assistance to help it battle the continuing Khmer Rouge insurgency after the Maoist group refused to take part in UN-monitored democratic elections last year.
US President Clinton arrives in Rome at start of European D-Day tour by Danny Woolls  ROME, June 2 (AFP)  U.S. President Bill Clinton arrived in Rome just after midnight Thursday on the first stage of a week-long European tour to mark the 50th anniversary of the D-Day Normandy landings in World War II.
On Friday Clinton heads for a cemetary in Nettuno on Italy's Mediterranean coast to commemorate the nearly 8,000 US troops buried there after fighting in the Italian campaign of World War II.
Berlusconi, a rightist media tycoon and political novice who took office last month after winning watershed elections, hopes the Clinton visit will give his government badly needed credibility and make it more palatable to worried European neighbors.
Wednesday's decision is the final step of a case that opened March 3, 1991 when police beat King after stopping the car he was driving.
Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali said after the vote he would name a special envoy to Yemen by Thursday to review prospects for restarting negotiations between the warring parties.
Patterson said Jamaica agreed to the request after it was satisfied that the US policy was based on humanitarian grounds and that the operation would not be a financial burden to Jamaica.
The vote came shortly after lawmakers rejected a compromise put forward by Ukrainian President Leonid Kravchuk, dismissing it as vague and unlikely  to compel Crimea to abandon its independence aspirations.
In his address to parliament, Kravchuk called for a court ruling and also said he was prepared to consider a new power-sharing arrangement with Crimea, modelled after a similar deal reached between Moscow and the breakaway republic of Tatarstan.
Akashi announced the new round of talks last Saturday after outlining plans for an immediate ceasefire in Bosnia-Hercegovina, a disengagement of troops, insertion of a UN buffer force and withdrawal of heavy arms.
Russian special envoy Vitaly Churkin expressed confidence Wednesday that the Serb withdrawal would go ahead, after meeting officials from the Serbian republic in Belgrade.
Bradley commanded the 2nd US Corps of Patton's 7th Army in Tunisia, capturing Bizerte from Rommel's Afrika Korps on May 7, 1943 with the British, after which he was promoted to lieutenant-general.
Criticised for overweening ambition, Montgomery had an unhappy childhood and his wife died in 1937 after being stung by an insect.
He committed suicide after his role in the July 1944 officers' plot against Hitler was uncovered.
He led the German army's southern front in the Russian campaign, but resigned on November 30, 1941 after refusing orders from Hitler for an autumn offensive.
Onassis, who died May 19, is believed to have largely expanded the 26 million dollars she inherited after the death of her second husband, Aristotle Onassis.
It will be dissolved after 24 years, with the principal going to her grandchildren.
Blair looks unstoppable after Brown bows out of Labour leadership contest by Barbara Lewis  LONDON, June 2 (AFP)  Shadow home secretary Tony Blair's bid for the Labour leadership looks unstoppable following the announcement Wednesday that his close friend Gordon Brown would not stand against him.
That raises the possibility that the 41-year-old MP could become the youngest party leader this century after only a token contest -- though some MPs believe that a candidate such as John Prescott, representing Labour's left-wing, may yet stand to force a contest.
Brown added that when nominations opened on June 10, the day after voting for the European elections, he would give Blair his full backing.
The warning came after the UN Security Council on Monday urged North Korea to suspend removal of fuel rods from a reactor suspected by the United States of being a nuclear bomb factory.
On Friday Clinton heads for a cemetary in Nettuno on  Italy's Mediterranean coast to honor nearly 8,000 US troops buried there after  fighting in the Italian campaign (AFP).
(AFP)     KIGALI: The UN military chief in Rwanda, General Romeo Dallaire said he  hoped to resume aid operations after discussing security arrangements for  convoys with rebel leader Paul Kagame.
The United  Nations had suspended other relief missions after a UN peacekeeper was killed  in Kigali by rebel mortar fire Tuesday.
NKorea warns of quitting nuclear treaty after UN pressure  TOKYO, June 2 (AFP)  North Korea issued a new threat Thursday to withdraw from the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) if the United Nations and its watchdog agency maintained their demands over the North Korean nuclear programme.
The warning came after the UN Security Council on Monday urged North Korea to suspend removal of fuel rods from a five-megawatt reactor at Yongbyon, suspected by the United States of being a nuclear bomb factory.
North Korea "suspended" the threat to quit the NPT after it won an agreement for a direct dialogue with the United States.
The missile attack came just hours after the United Nations Security Council had adopted a resolution calling for a cease-fire in the civil war in Yemen, which erupted May 5.
The missile attack came just hours after the United Nations Security Council had adopted a resolution calling for a cease-fire in the civil war in Yemen, which erupted May 5.
Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali said after the vote he would name a special envoy to Yemen by Thursday to review prospects for restarting negotiations between the warring parties.
The missile attack came just hours after the United Nations Security Council had adopted a resolution calling for a cease-fire in the civil war in Yemen, which erupted May 5.
Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali said after the vote he would name a special envoy to Yemen by Thursday to review prospects for restarting negotiations between the warring parties.
The threat came after the Security Council urged the North to suspend the ongoing removal of fuel rods from a five-megawatt reactor at Yongbyon, 90 kilometers (56 miles) north of Pyongyang.
As an opener, the UN Security Council could impose a deadline after which sanctions would be considered, the officials added.
The threat came after the Security Council urged North Korea Monday to suspend the ongoing removal of fuel rods from a five-megawatt reactor at Yongbyon, 90 kilometers (56 miles) north of Pyongyang.
The contract was announced Wednesday, a week after President Bill Clinton renewed trade privileges under the Most Favored Nation status for China.
South Africa rejoined the Commonwealth Wednesay after 33 years.
In another development, an official at an Australian-led oil exploration group said it was to plug and abandon an offshore well in the central Philippines after encountering serious drilling problems.
Sahaf told IRNA after the meeting that both Tehran and Baghdad were "opposed to and would not tolerate" US policies in the region.
It was the deadliest Israeli raid this year on Hezbollah positions in Lebanon and comes after the Iranian-backed movement threatened last week to retaliate for the abduction of a Moslem fundamentalist guerrilla chief.
Some 6,000-8,000 Tibetans live in the hill town, which has been home to the Dalai Lama since 1960, a year after he fled Tibet following an abortive anti-Chinese revolt.
It was the heaviest death toll inflicted in a single Israeli attack on the Iranian-backed Hezbollah since the confrontation between them was launched in 1984, after Hezbollah attacked an Israeli position in south Lebanon with a car-bomb, sources close to UN peacekeeping forces in Lebanon said.
It came after Hezbollah vowed last week to retaliate over the abduction of a Moslem fundamentalist guerrilla chief.
The warning came after the UN Security Council on Monday urged North Korea to suspend removal of fuel rods from a five-megawatt reactor at Yongbyon, suspected by the United States to be a nuclear bomb factory.
North Korea "suspended" the threat to quit the NPT after it won an agreement for a direct dialogue with the United States.
Retail trade falls in April, analysts see steady economic growth by David Williams  SYDNEY, June 2 (AFP)  Just 24 hours after recording one of the fastest economic growth rates in the western world, Australia announced Thursday that retail trade sales had slumped in April.
Analysts said the seasonally adjusted 3.7 percent monthly fall in retail sales to 8.453 billion Australian dollars (6.2 billion US) in April was only to be expected after a similar rise was recorded the month before.
The rand opened at 3.6365/80 to the greenback after Wednesday's close of 3.6345/60.
He was also likely to discuss the future of Vietnam's huge air and naval base at Cam Ranh Bay, the former US base which was run by the Soviet Union after the communist victory in the Vietnam War in April 1975.
Many dissidents are already in detention after an intensive police sweep that began in the spring following the most significant resurgence in their activities since 1989.
The Dutch coach Dick Advocaat has asked the AC Milan star, who has not played for a year after a series of ankle operations, to undergo a fitness test later on Thursday.
Gullit, now back with Milan after a year at Sampdoria, walked out of the Dutch camp on Monday without offering an explanation.
South Africa rejoined the Commonwealth on Wednesday after an absence of 33 years.
Jean-Francois Tordo, making his comeback after his face was ripped open when he was raked in South Africa last year, scored one of the French tries.
No 8 Xavier Blond may miss the New Zealand tour after going off with a sprung rib.
Requests the Secretary-General to report to it on the situation at an appropriate time, but not later than one week after the completion of the fact-finding mission; 6.
Missile injures 21, battles rage, after UN ceasefire call by Maher Chmyatelli  ADEN, Yemen, June 2 (AFP)  A missile fired by northern Yemeni forces slammed into this southern stronghold on Thursday wounding 21 people and artillery duels raged only hours after the UN Security Council called for a ceasefire.
The missile attack came just hours after the United Nations Security Council had adopted a resolution calling for a ceasefire in the civil war in Yemen, which erupted May 5.
Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali said after the vote he would name a special envoy to Yemen by Thursday to review prospects for restarting negotiations between the warring parties.
Food distribution to thousands of increasingly hungry civilians was halted after a UN vehicle came under fire while trying to deliver food Wednesday.
But UN troops planned to resume evacuating civilians trapped behind hostile lines on Friday after receiving assurances of security from rebel leader Paul Kagame and army commanders, UN military spokesman Major Jean-Guy Plante said.
Malaysia's share market is Asia's fourth largest, after Tokyo, Osaka and Hong Kong.
A local charity group, Foundation for Islamic Economic Development, would have a 20 percent stake in the facility, the remaining equity to be held by Abdul Halim, who retired in April after shepherding Bank Islam since its inception in 1983.
Indian industry poised for takeoff, says minister  NEW DELHI, June 2 (AFP)  Indian industry is poised to enter a period of rapid growth fuelled by a spurt in domestic and foreign investment after three years of stagnation, Industry Minister Krishna Sahi said on Thursday.
In her opening remarks at a conference on industry's prospects, Sahi said Indian companies were flush with investible funds after raising 260 billion rupees (8.6 billion dollars) from the domestic capital market last year.
But he added that "if North Korea continues to reject the provisions of the Treaty on Nuclear Non-Proliferation, then we will be forced to gradually, after issuing a warning to North Korea, to come to an agreement with the international community on imposing sanctions."
Thurday's raid came after Hezbollah vowed last week to retaliate and extend the scope of its anti-Israeli attacks after the May 21 abduction of a Moslem fundamentalist guerrilla chief Mustafa Dirani.
Several hours after the raid the sound of muffled explosions from time-delayed bombs could be heard in Baalbeck.
The row over the nature of North Korea's nuclear programme intensified recently after Pyongyang rejected a request by the UN Security Council to suspend the removal of fuel rods from a five-megawatt reactor, suspected by the United States of being a nuclear bomb factory.
But he added that "if North Korea continues to reject the provisions of the Treaty on Nuclear Non-Proliferation, then we will be forced to gradually, after issuing a warning to North Korea, come to an agreement with the international community on imposing sanctions."
Kim, who arrived here Wednesday for a four-day visit, held three hours of talks with Yeltsin shortly after his arrival and meet with him again on Thursday.
Sahaf told IRNA after the meeting that both Tehran and Baghdad were "opposed to and would not tolerate" US policies in the region.
Observers said the eight were all supporters of former premier Hau Pei-tsun who stepped down in February after losing a power struggle with President Lee Teng-hui.
Senate committees slipping out of coalition's control  ROME, June 2 (AFP)  Italy's three-way rightist coalition hopes to win control of five important senate committees Thursday after losing five of the eight chairmenship in elections Wednesday night.
The coalition won control of the Budget and Health Committees and the Public Works committee which went to Rinaldo Bosco, the Northern League's candidate, after Berlusconi's chosen candidate was blackballed.
Solzhenitsyn, the Nobel laureate who returned to his native Russia last week after 20 years in exile, began a 60-day train journey across Russia Wednesday, setting off from the far eastern port of Vladivostok.
The row over the nature of North Korea's nuclear programme intensified recently after Pyongyang rejected a request by the UN Security Council to suspend the removal of fuel rods from a five-megawatt reactor, suspected by the United States of being a nuclear bomb factory.
"The Chinese government believes, although there are some difficulties for resolving this issue, that there is after all a real possibility for striking a proper settlement," Shen said.
It came after Hezbollah vowed last week to retaliate over the abduction of a Moslem fundamentalist guerrilla chief.
Lieutenant Colonel Vladimir Borisenko, a Russian border officer, was shot Tuesday on his way to work, two days after a Russian border guard was killed in Khorog.
Gunmen seized Australian Kelly Wilkinson, 24, with her boyfriend Dominic Chappell, 25, and their friend Tina Dominy, 23, on April 11, after their taxi stopped behind a truck at a roadblock south of the Phnom Penh.
URGENT  JERUSALEM, June 2 (AFP)  Five Katyusha rockets crashed into northern Israel on Thursday after Israeli warplanes killed at least 45 people in a raid on a Hezbollah camp in Lebanon, military officials said.
Food distribution to thousands of hungry civilians was halted after a UN vehicle came under fire while trying to deliver food Wednesday.
But UN troops planned to resume evacuating civilians trapped behind hostile lines on Friday after receiving assurances of security from rebel leader Paul Kagame and army commanders, UN military spokesman Major Jean-Guy Plante said.
The United States, like many other Western countries, is reluctant to get embroiled in another high-risk African peacekeeping venture after tens of thousands of foreign soldiers failed to end factional fighting in Somalia, UN officials said.
Canada's deputy defence minister Robert Fowler was to leave Kigali after a two-day visit during which he toured a Red Cross hospital and met army commanders, a UN spokesman said.
In an off-the-cuff address in Kiswahili after his official speech marking the Kenya's 31st independence anniversary, Moi told Worthington and others who claim to have positive interest in Africa that "it was in Rwanda and Somalia where their attention was needed and not in Kenya".
Courier, the seventh seed, is very much back in the picture after ending his Pete Sampras' dream of a fourth consecutive Grand Slam title with a four-set victory in the quarter-finals.
The 30-minute meeting at the Vatican library was the pope's first with a foreign leader since he checked out of a hospital last week after treatment of a leg he broke in a fall in his private quarters.
(changing dateline) Rockets hit northern Israel  KYRIAT SHMONA, Israel, June 2 (AFP)  Five Katyusha rockets crashed into northern Israel on Thursday after Israeli warplanes killed at least 45 people in a raid on a Hezbollah camp in Lebanon, military officials said.
China issues white paper on women' rights  BEIJING, June 2 (AFP)  China issued a white paper Thursday reaffirming its commitment to improving the status of women, 45 years after the communist government came to power pledging to bring about sexual equality.
The paper said measures taken by the communist government after 1949 had brought about the fundamental emancipation for women in political, economic, cultural, social and family life.
China situation "more explosive": dissident by Jorge Svartzman  PARIS, June 2 (AFP)  Chinese dissident Wang Juntao warned Thursday that the situation in China was more explosive than ever, five years after the failure of the pro-democracy uprising and the Tianmanmen Square massacre.
"Everything will be played out after the death of Deng Xiaoping," China's 89-year-old paramount leader, Wang said.
Wang, editor of the reformist paper Economic Weekly which was closed down after Tiananmen, was sentenced in 1991 to 13 years in prison along with fellow journalist Chen Ziming, the heaviest term handed to jailed activists.
Wang said that after Deng's death, three forces would be at play -- the party trying to preserve the status quo, intellectuals and an embryo middle class supporting democratisation and "chaotic elements."
Sterling remained firm at 2.4991 marks from 2.4937 after gaining almost a pfennig against the mark on Wednesday.
President Bill Clinton faced a protocol nightmare Thursday after Italian officials announced that neo-fascist leader Gianfranco Fini was among the guests invited to a dinner being given in Clinton's honor by Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.
Berlusconi took office last month after sweeping to victory in April elections that confirmed the demise of corruption-tainted traditional parties such as the Christian Democrats and the Socialists.
Rockets hit northern Israel after deadly air raid on Hezbollah  KYRIAT SHMONA, Israel, June 2 (AFP)  Five rockets crashed into northern Israel on Thursday after Israeli warplanes killed at least 45 people in a raid on a Hezbollah camp in Lebanon, military officials said.
The Hezbollah had warned it would riposte after the pre-dawn air raid on a training camp at Ain Dardar in the Syrian-controlled Bekaa valley.
Questioned as to the Caribbean island's future after his death, he joked that the question would be better put to the CIA (US Central Intelligence Agency) but added: "Honestly, I don't think anything will happen.
URGENT  BEIRUT, June 2 (AFP)  Lebanon called for an urgent meeting of the UN Security Council after an Israeli air raid on a Hezbollah training camp killed at least 45 people near the border with Syria.
Nasreen, 32, writes in the Bengali language and rose to fame after the Dhaka government banned her book "Lajja" or "Shame."
URGENT  GENEVA, June 2 (AFP)  The Moslem-led Bosnian government refused to attend a new round of peace talks set to begin Thursday after Bosnian Serbs failed to honor pledges to withdraw their forces from the eastern Bosnian town of Gorazde, diplomats said.
Mu was dropped from the Liaoning squad in Decemeber after a string of mediocre performances and was forced to return to his job as a railway worker, China Sports Daily said.
Ma told the newspaper that he had taken the runner on after he performed well in a series of physical tests.
Footsie rises on overnight Wall Street gains  LONDON, June 2 (AFP)  Share prices rose in early trading here on Thursday, recovering after sharp falls on Wednesday, as overnight gains on Wall Street and a recovery of US gilts lifted prices.
Boots, Britain's number one chemist, rose seven pence to 512 after announcing a 2.6 percent increase in annual pre-tax profits at 415.9 million pounds after 405.2 million a year earlier.
In Paris, shares rose after falls on Wednesday, as the market forecast that the Bank of France would cut its tender rate by five basis points in the wake of the Bundesbank's cut in its securities repurchasing agreement (repo) on Wednesday.
The Matif french futures market dropped 0.26 percent to 116.30 -- a new low this year -- on uncertainty after cuts in short-term interest rates elsewhere in Europe.
On Wednesday, shares had fallen by 2.4 percent after US statistics revived fears of inflationary pressures, but revived on Thursday in technical trading, dealers said.
Bosnian government refuses to attend new peace talks: diplomat by Philippe Debeusscher  GENEVA, June 2 (AFP)  The Moslem-led Bosnian government refused to attend a new round of peace talks set to begin Thursday after Bosnian Serbs failed to honor pledges to withdraw their forces from the town of Gorazde, diplomats said.
Thurday's raid came after Hezbollah vowed last week to retaliate and extend the scope of its anti-Israeli attacks following the May 21 abduction of a Moslem fundamentalist guerrilla chief Mustafa Dirani from his home in eastern Lebanon.
Several hours after the raid the sound of muffled explosions from time-delayed bombs could be heard in Baalbeck.
Azizan said Petronas had developed the concept of the pipeline after being invited by Turkmenistan to explore opportunities in the resource-rich Moslem state which faces problems in bringing its oil and gas exports to East Asia.
Turkmenistan has gas reserves of 21 billion cubic metres (762 billion cubic feet), the third largest in the world after the Arab-Persian and Siberian regions, officials from that country said during a visit to Kuala Lumpur recently.
A US official said there had been "progress in understanding the positions of the Japanese side" during the discussions, part of the so-called framework talks which have just been revived after collapsing in February.
The money had come from foreign donors, said Al Haj Ahmad who returned to his home in Ramallah last year 21 years after he was deported by Israel.
Second rocket salvo crashes into Israel  KYRIAT SHMONA, Israel, June 2 (AFP)  A second salvo of rockets exploded in northern Israel on Thursday after warplanes killed at least 45 people in a raid on a Hezbollah camp in Lebanon, military officials said.
Riot police deployed in Lagos amid challenges to regime by Jacques Pinto  LAGOS, June 2 (AFP)  Riot police were deployed in parts of Lagos on Thursday after Nigeria's police chief warned pro-democracy activists against mounting any further challenges to the military regime.
The fears of trouble came after the expiry at midnight on Tuesday of an ultimatum from the nationwide National Democratic Campaign (NADECO) to General Sani Abacha's regime to stand down.
More than seven weeks after president Juvenal Habyarimana's death unleashed a bloodbath in which up to half a million people have been butchered, the Meridien has been squatted by hundreds of United Nations soldiers, refugees from continuing massacres and reporters.
The UN stopped evacuating civilians from the hotel and stadium to safe areas after a Senegalese UN officer drove into crossfire and was killed by a shell blast Tuesday.
Food distribution was also halted after a UN vehicle came under fire while trying to ferry food to increasingly hungry civilians Wednesday.
In a television interview Wednesday, Omar indicated he would take a tough line on prisoners convicted or awaiting trial in connection with acts of violence after the cut-off date.
Omar's harder line contrasted with statements by Nelson Mandela after talks with Hartzenberg on Monday, in which the president said his government was keeping an open mind on amnesty for crimes committed after December 5 as well.
UN planes overly town to stop Serb attack on British base  SARAJEVO, June 2 (AFP)  Bosnian Serbs shelled a British UN base in central Bosnia-Hercegovina Wednesday but stopped their attack after NATO planes swooped down, a UN military spokesman said Thursday.
The Serbs fired six more shells and two rockets into the town Wednesday evening after the UNPROFOR command had sent a protest letter to the Bosnian Serb headquarters and evacuated all non-essential UN personnel -- 220 people -- to the town of Gornji Vakuf, 15 kilometers (nine miles) away.
The other incident happened Tuesday in the northern town of Tuzla, a UN safe area, when the local UN commander asked for close air support after Serbs shelled the Tuzla air base.
The flights were not authorized in that case because the Serb shelling stopped after a phone conversation between Van Baal and Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic.
Lebanon calls for Security Council meeting  BEIRUT, June 2 (AFP)  Lebanon called for a meeting of the UN Security Council after an unprecedented Israeli air raid on a Hezbollah training camp killed at least 45 people near the border with Syria.
Boots kick profit higher  LONDON, June 2 (AFP)  Boots, Britain's premier chemist chain, on Thursday reported only a 2.6 percent rise in annual pre-tax profits to 415.9 million pounds (623.8 million dollars), after withdrawing its heart drug Manoplax from the market and expensive restructuring costs.
Third rocket salvo crashes into Israel  KYRIAT SHMONA, Israel, June 2 (AFP)  A third salvo of rockets exploded harmlessly in northern Israel on Thursday after warplanes killed at least 45 people in a raid on a Hezbollah camp in Lebanon, military officials said.
Boots reports 2.6 percent rise in pre-tax profits  LONDON, June 2 (AFP)  Boots, Britain's premier chemist chain, on Thursday reported only a 2.6 percent rise in annual pre-tax profits at 415.9 million pounds (623.8 million dollars), after withdrawing its heart drug Manoplax from the market and expensive restructuring costs.
Bilateral relations were frozen after Vietnam and South Korea normalized ties in 1992.
Attacks injure 30, battles rage, after UN ceasefire call by Maher Chmyatelli  ADEN, Yemen, June 2 (AFP)  Northern Yemeni forces fired missiles and launched air raids on this southern stronghold on Thursday wounding around 30 civilians as fighting raged despite a UN Security Council ceasefire call.
The attacks came just hours after the United Nations Security Council had adopted a resolution calling for a ceasefire in the civil war in Yemen, which erupted May 5.
Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali said after the vote he would name a special envoy to Yemen by Thursday to review prospects for restarting negotiations between the warring parties.
Rocket salvoes hit Israel after deadly air raid on Hezbollah  KYRIAT SHMONA, Israel, June 2 (AFP)  Rockets crashed into northern Israel on Thursday after Israeli warplanes killed at least 45 people in a raid on a Hezbollah camp in Lebanon, military officials said.
The Hezbollah had warned it would riposte after the pre-dawn air raid on a training camp at Ain Dardar in the Syrian-controlled Bekaa valley.
Food distribution to thousands of hungry civilians was halted after a UN vehicle came under fire while trying to deliver food Wednesday.
But UN troops planned to resume evacuating civilians trapped behind hostile lines on Friday after receiving assurances of security from rebel leader Paul Kagame and army commanders, UN military spokesman Major Jean-Guy Plante said.
Canada has pledged 300 soldiers, and a Canadian reconnaissance team was due to arrive later Thursday as deputy defence minister Robert Fowler flew out after a two-day fact-finding visit.
The United States, like many other Western countries, is reluctant to get embroiled in another high-risk African peacekeeping venture after tens of thousands of foreign soldiers failed to end factional fighting in Somalia, UN officials said.
It was the pontiff's first meeting with a foreign leader since he checked out of a hospital last week after treatment of a leg he broke in a fall in his private quarters.
McDonnell Douglas earlier shelved a plan to form a joint venture firm with Taiwan Aerospace Company, 29 percent government owned, after the Taiwan company stalled on signing the deal.
Russian President Boris Yeltsin told a joint news conference here  following talks with South Korean President Kim Young-Sam that "if North Korea  continues to reject the provisions of the Treaty on Nuclear Non-Proliferation  (NPT), then we will be forced to gradually, after issuing a warning to North  Korea, come to an agreement with the international community on imposing  sanctions."
(AFP)     GENEVA: The Moslem-led Bosnian government refused to attend a new round of  peace talks after Bosnian Serbs failed to honor pledges to withdraw their  forces from the town of Gorazde, diplomats said.
(AFP)     SARAJEVO: Bosnian Serbs shelled a British UN base in central  Bosnia-Hercegovina but stopped their attack after NATO planes swooped down, a  UN military spokesman said.
The covers were finally removed nearly four hours after the scheduled staring time on the show courts.
Attacks began just hours after the United Nations adopted a resolution calling for a cease-fire in the civil war in Yemen, which broke out on May 5.
Israelis take to bomb shelters  KYRIAT SHMONA, Israel, June 2 (AFP)  The Israeli army ordered people living along the northern border with Lebanon to go down to their bomb shelters on Thursday after three salvoes of rockets crashed into the region.
All the rockets, a riposte after warplanes killed at least 45 people in a raid on a Hezbollah camp in Lebanon, exploded harmlessly in fields.
"The whole story began after the Oslo agreement when my husband Mahmud called Yasser Arafat's bureau in September to tell him how honoured we would be to offer this home to our president for his stay in Jericho," said Nadia Hamdouni.
Derby victors eye double  EPSOM, England, June 2 (AFP)  John Dunlop and Willie Carson are eyeing a rare double after their Derby victory.
Lebanon calls for Security Council meeting  BEIRUT, June 2 (AFP)  Lebanon called for a meeting of the UN Security Council after an unprecedented Israeli air raid on a Hezbollah training camp killed at least 45 people near the border with Syria.
Senate committees slip out of coalition's control  ROME, June 2 (AFP)  Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi suffered a fresh political setback Thursday after losing three more chairmenship of Senate committees to the left-wing opposition.
The coalition won control of the Budget and Health Committees and the Public Works committee which went to Rinaldo Bosco, the Northern League's candidate, after Berlusconi's chosen candidate was blackballed.
The government which took power in Tehran after the 1979 Islamic revolution severed ties with Cairo because of Egypt's peace pact with Israel, and because it had offered asylum to Iran's ousted shah.
"They violated the agreement reached after Operation Accountability in July 1993 under which they were not to fire into Israel."
He was taken to hospital after the beating at a UN-supervised assembly point at Mocubela in central Zambezia province on Wednesday.
Midfielder Gheorge Hagi, who was made an honorary citizen of Constanza after leading the side through the qualifying stage, will captain the squad in the United States.
The Romanian players were each awarded 75,000 dollars, a Mercedes, and the keys to the capital city after beating Wales in November to reach the finals.
Tehran-London relations hit new low  TEHRAN, June 2 (AFP)  Relations between Britain and Iran hit a new low on Thursday after the latest round of expulsions and mutual recrimination.
Iran and Britain broke diplomatic relations after the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini issued a "fatwa" or religious decree imposing a death sentence on Rushdie in February 1989.
But ties were restored a year later at the charge d'affairs level, but a new crisis unfolded in mid-1992 after Britain expelled three Iranians for allegedly plotting to kill Rushdie, prompting Iran to reciprocate.
Under the new ruling, foreigners may hold 100 percent equity in a company here, with no minimum capital requirement as in the past and no obligation to divest after a certain period, Murdiono said.
McDonnell Douglas earlier shelved a plan to form a joint venture firm with Taiwan Aerospace Company, 29 percent government owned, after the Taiwan company stalled on signing the deal.
A US official said there had been "progress in understanding the positions of the Japanese side" during the discussions, part of the so-called framework talks revived this week after collapsing in February.
Shaposhnikov, who believes NATO invented the "Partnership for Peace" to give it "a raison d'etre" after the Cold War, warned "those currently in power" not to miss for a second time, as they did in 1945, the chance of introducing "normal coexistence between states without the threat of a military confrontation."
Hezbollah vows to fight Israel "on all fronts"  BEIRUT, June 2 (AFP)  The Iranian-backed Hezbollah vowed to fight the Jewish state "on all fronts" after Israeli warplanes killed at least 45 guerrillas in a devastating raid on Thursday.
It was the third-seed's first semi-final in the world's most gruelling event after featuring in five consecutive quarter-finals.
The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials was up 5.23 points at 3,766.06 points several minutes after the session opened on the New York Stock Exchange.
A 12-day uninterrupted power cut plagued the residents of Geeta Colony, a downmarket quarter across the Yamuna, while many western districts went without water for the second day after an old pipeline burst.
Against medical advice, the AC Milan star said Thursday he would join the squad after Dutch coach Dick Advocaat issued an appeal to him following a walkout from the 22-man squad by his Milan team-mate Gullit.
Van Basten, who has not played for a year after a series of ankle operations, said: "If Gullit had not walked out I would have stayed here and spent the time training."
"If I have to play, I will only do so after consulting doctors.
Gullit, now back with Milan after a year at Sampdoria, walked out of the Dutch camp on Monday without offering an explanation.
The Geneva meeting also concluded that any person from Indochina arriving in a third country after February 14 this year would be treated under the laws of the country, most likely as an illegal immigrant, and not under international conventions concerning refugees.
Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia constitute Indochina, but Cambodia was not considered within the CPA since all Cambodian refugees were deemed to have returned last year after UN-sponsored elections, the final stage of the peace process.
Von Arnim however said "the message must be made very clear" -- none of these claimant after February will receive refugee status.
South Africa's peace-keeping force disbanded  JOHANNESBURG, June 2 (AFP)  South Africa's controversial peace-keeping force was officially disbanded Thursday, little more than four months after it was set up to keep order during the country's first non-racial election in April.
Peres and Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin went to Rabat after the September 13 signing of the Declaration of Principles for Palestinian authority to thank the king for his peace efforts.
Karassin's comment came after Russian veterans on Wednesday expressed disappointment that they had not been invited to the Normandy anniversary ceremonies to be held at the weekend.
The deaths of Dick Matenje, Aaron Gadama, John Sangala and David Chiwanga after they disappeared from a cabinet meeting in the southern town of Zomba on May 17 1983 became a controversial human rights issue as Banda's three decades in power came to an end.
Many Malawians suspect they were murdered for political reasons after they refused to carry out Banda's orders.
Mhango died together with his two wives and eight children after their house in Lusaka was bombed by alleged Malawian security agents following stories he wrote on Banda's companion and official hostess, Cecilia Kadzamira.
Fierce battles between rebels and government soldiers forced the United Nations to suspend food deliveries after a Senegalese officer drove into crossfire and was killed by a shell blast Tuesday.
                   Israel-Lebanon,7thlead                    650 words around 1530 GMT                    by Hikmat Shreif     JERUSALEM:     Israel keeps its military options open,                    refusing to rule out a land operation                    in Lebanon after a deadly air raid                    triggers rocketing of Jewish communities.
Picture                    by Daniel Woolls     GENEVA:        International peace talks on Bosnia will resume                    this weekend after an unsuccessful attempt to                    meet Thursday due to a Serb failure to                    withdraw from the                    Moslem enclave of Gorazde, Bosnian officials say.
Returning in the ninth over, after a year out of the England Test side, the medium pacer took three wickets for 43 runs, undermining the tourists' solid if unproductive start at Trent Bridge.
DeFreitas, given a second spell immediately after lunch, then had Rutherford lbw for 25 with a delivery which did not curve away but held its line.
But he added that "if North Korea continues to reject the provisions of the Treaty on Nuclear Non-Proliferation (NPT), then we will be forced to gradually, after issuing a warning to North Korea, come to an agreement with the international community on imposing sanctions."
Israel warns Hezbollah to halt rocketing after deadly air raid by Barry Parker  JERUSALEM, June 2 (AFP)  Israel struck one of the deadliest blows ever against the pro-Iranian Hezbollah movement on Thursday, but warned that all its military options remained open if rocketing of Jewish communities did not stop.
The threat came after Katyushas crashed into northern Israel in riposte to a pre-dawn air raid which killed at least 45 people and wounded dozens at a Hezbollah camp in Lebanon.
"They violated the agreement reached after Operation Accountability in July 1993 under which they were not to fire into Israel," Gur charged.
Cowboy hats okayed by vets who reject turbans and yarmulkes  CALGARY, Canada, June 2 (AFP)  Just two days after the Royal Canadian Legion voted not to give Sikhs and Jews the right to wear religious headgear in legion halls, a newspaper has revealed that cowboy hats are acceptable here.
A former boxing champion in the 1950s, Walker was ousted from his position at Brent Walker in 1991 after the group recorded 1.3 billion pounds of debts from an expansion programme.
Tempelsman handled Onassis finances after the death of her second husband, Aristotle Onassis, from whom she inherited 26 million dollars.
"There will be a full delegation of the Bosnia-Hercegovina delegation" at the weekend talks in Geneva, said Kresimir Zubak, newly-elected president of the Moslem-Croat federation, after Akashi said the UN talks had been cancelled.
Lebanon called for an urgent UN Security Council meeting as Hezbollah vowed to fight Israel "on all fronts" after the surprise, night-time raid on the Ain Dardara base near the Syrian-controlled town of Baalbeck.
The Israeli army ordered people living along the northern border with Lebanon into bomb shelters for the night after three salvoes of rockets crashed harmlessly into the region.
"We are capable of fighting this war and winning it if that is the option," Colonel Frank Mugambage of the rebel Rwanda Patriotic Front (RPF) told reporters after the one-day talks broke up with an agreement to meet again at an unspecified date.
"Our aim was to go into ceasefire talks but then these obstacles came up," Anyidoho told a news conference after the talks ended.
Most UN relief operations were suspended after a Senegalese peacekeeper drove into crossfire in Kigali and was killed by a shell blast Tuesday.
Food distribution to thousands of hungry civilians, halted after a UN vehicle came under fire while trying to deliver food Wednesday, was also to resume Friday, Plante said.
A military reconnaissance team arrived here Thursday from Canada, which has pledged 300 soldiers, as Deputy Defence Minister Robert Fowler flew out after a two-day fact-finding visit.
Pineau-Valencienne's detention, after he arrived here to answer questions about the two affiliates, caused an uproar in France, where leading politicians leapt to his defence.
An investigation of Schneider affiliates Cofimines and Cofibel had been launched in October after minority shareholders complained about the low price of a take-over offer for their shares made by Schneider.
At present, young offenders have their criminal records cleared after completing their sentences.
The attacks came just hours after the United Nations Security Council had adopted a resolution calling for a ceasefire in the civil war in Yemen, which erupted May 5.
The 19-year-old, who had to sit through a nail-biting 45-minute rain- break after taking a 3-2 lead in the second-set, took up where she left off when she returned to court and completed her win in just 77 minutes.
The young German fan at the Ernst Happel stadium was found stabbed in the chest after the match, during which police had arrested 20 rival supporters for fighting at half-time.
There was more fighting after the match at a nearby car park, with baton-wielding police having to intervene and make further arrests among the Austrian fans.
Rarely has Graf looked so uncomfortable and her frustrations got the better of her early in the second set when she cursed loudly after mishitting a return.
Speaking after talks with premier Silvio Berlusconi, Clinton said the prime minister had assured him his government was dedicated to democracy.
"They promised certains things and we will see if our people in Gorazde can really make sure that these will happen today," he said, after meeting Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic.
Talks due to begin Thursday were postponed earlier after a previous Serb pledge to withdraw from Gorazde was not fulfilled, according to UN officials in the area.
Speaking after talks with the head of Italy's 53rd post-war government, Clinton said the new prime minister had assured him his administration was dedicated to democracy.
gasped Pierce, who hurdled the net to shake Graf's hand after her win."I am so pleased with the way I played today.
"They promised certains things and we will see if our people in Gorazde can really make sure that these will happen today," he said, after meeting Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic.
Talks due to begin Thursday were postponed earlier after a previous Serb pledge to withdraw from the three-kilometre (two-mile) zone around Gorazde was not fulfilled, according to UN officials in the area.
The market expects a creation of 285,000 non-farm jobs, after 267,000 in April, and an unchanged unemployment rate of 6.4 percent.
The French franc firmed to 3.4150 to the mark against 3.42 after a mid-day cut in the French tender rate from 5.4 to 5.3 percent.
Player banned after jaw fracture  LONDON, June 2 (AFP)  Castleford's prop forward Dean Sampson was banned for four matches on Thursday after Wigan's Kelvin Skerrett suffered a double jaw fracture during the rugby league Premiership final two weeks ago.
In a television interview Wednesday, Omar indicated he viewed rightwing offenders in a different light to other prisoners and warned he would take a tough line on those convicted or awaiting trial in connection with acts of violence after the cut-off date.
Omar's harder line contrasted with statements by Mandela after talks with Hartzenberg on Monday, in which the president said his government was keeping an open mind on amnesty for crimes committed after December 5 as well.
International sanctions -- which North Korea has said it will regard as a declaration of war -- looked increasingly likely as both Russia and China left the door open to such action after months of opposition.
But after talks with South Korean President Kim Young-Sam in Moscow he withdrew his earlier opposition to sanctions, saying he favored a gradual increase of pressure on Pyongyang culminating in sanctions if necessary.
Boots Co. gained 22 pence to 527 thanks to a 12 percent dividend increase after a 2.6 percent rise in pretax annual profit to 415.9 million pounds.
Lebanon called for an urgent UN Security Council meeting as Hezbollah vowed to fight Israel "on all fronts" after the surprise, night-time raid on the Ain Dardara base near the Syrian-controlled town of Baalbeck.
Graf was left shell-shocked and bewildered on the Roland Garros centre-court after crashing in straight-sets to the big-hitting 19 -year-old in one of the biggest upsets at the Championships in years.
The twelfth-seeded French girl had to sit through a nail-biting 45-minute rain-break after taking a 3-2 lead in the second-set, but when she came back out she made no mistakes and completed a 77-minute 6-2, 6-2 win.
gasped Pierce, who hurdled the net to shake Graf's hand after her win."I am so pleased with the way I played today.
Speaking after talks with the head of Italy's 53rd post-war government, Clinton said the new prime minister had assured him his administration was fully dedicated to democracy.
Kiwi Test hopes bleak  NOTTINGHAM, England, June 2 (AFP)  New Zealand's hopes of avoiding defeat in the first Test against England looked bleak after Thursday's opening day at Trent Bridge, despite a brave 42-run ninth wicket stand by Matthew Hart and Dion Nash.
But after a solid if unpredictable start, Blair Hartland and Bryan Young ran foul of Philip DeFreitas, eager to re-establish himself after a year out of the England Test side.
DeFreitas, given a second spell immediately after lunch, then had Rutherford lbw for 25 with a delivery which did not curve away but held its line.
A League resolution issued two days after the war erupted on May 5 called upon the warring leaders to "double their efforts" to resolve their differences which were "tearing apart the unity" of Yemen.
Clinton said after the 40-minute meeting, "We talked about the upcoming conference in Cairo on world population, about where we agreed and where we didn't, how we could come together on a policy that would promote responsible growth for the world's population and still reaffirm our common commitment to the central role of the family in every society."
However his spokeswoman Dee Dee Meyers said after the talks, which marked the president's first visit to the Vatican, that she did not believe the pope -- who strongly opposes abortion -- would find it easy to move closer to Clinton's way of thinking on the matter.
Police said that a total of 30 people were arrested during and after the match and that 10 police officers were injured.
URGENT  LONDON, June 2 (AFP)  About 30 people were feared dead Thursday after a Royal Air Force helicopter crashed on the Mull of Kintyre, western Scotland, police said.
Bosnian artillery Thursday again opened fire on Doboj, a strategic Serb-controlled northern town, the agency added, after shells killed two women there Wednesday.
Earlier Thursday, Major Annink said Bosnian Serbs shelled a British UN base in central Bosnia-Hercegovina Wednesday but stopped after NATO planes swooped down.
The Serbs fired six more shells and two rockets into the town Wednesday evening after the UNPROFOR command had sent a protest letter to the Bosnian Serb headquarters and evacuated all non-essential UN personnel -- 220 people -- to the town of Gornji Vakuf, 15 kilometers (nine miles) away.
Talks due to begin Thursday were postponed earlier after a previous Serb pledge to withdraw from the three-kilometre (two-mile) zone around Gorazde failed to be fulfilled, according to UN officials in the area.
Speaking after meeting with Karadzic and Bosnian Serb military commander General Ratko Mladic, Akashi said talks could take place Friday if the Gorazde issue is resolved Thursday evening.
Thirty feared dead in Scottish helicopter crash  LONDON, June 2 (AFP)  About 30 people were feared dead Thursday after a Royal Air Force helicopter crashed on the Mull of Kintyre, western Scotland, police said.
African police seize 300 million counterfeit dollars  JOHANNESBURG, June 2 (AFP)  South African police stumbled across 300 million counterfeit dollars after raiding a Johannesburg house in search of illegal weapons late Thursday, police spokesman Wikus Weber said.
Albania which signed the CSCE charter in 1991 after the fall of its hardline communist regime had so far refused to agree to the admission of the former Yugoslav republic, saying Macedonia's ethnic Albanians were deprived of some civil rights.
The rapprochement between the two Balkan nations also came after Greece imposed a trade embargo on Macedonia in February for alleged claims on its northern province which carries the same historic name.
The call for the ban came after an ICRC-organized meeting of experts Tuesday and Wednesday to consider the dangers of certain types of weapons, some have which have already been produced.
The Phillies have been without first baseman John Kruk, who rejoined the club Thursday after a minor-league tuneup following cancer treatments.
He was released by the Astros on Tuesday, three days after making his final appearance in Philadelphia and receiving a standing ovation.
US Navy seizes Bahamian sailboat for running Haiti embargo  WASHINGTON, June 2 (AFP)  The US Navy towed a 40-foot Bahamanian-registered sailboat with a five-member crew to Guantanamo Bay, Cuba after catching it trying to smuggle embargoed gasoline and lumber into Haiti, a Pentagon spokesman said Thursday.
Fulke is the second golfer to be so punished in a fortnight, after England's Steven Bottomley was fined 500 pounds in the Italian Open in Rome.
Only five percent admitted showing anger on the job, but 53 percent said they have bent or thrown a club on the golf course after a bad shot.
Iran announced Wednesday it had ordered the first secretary at the British embassy in Tehran, Hamish Cowell, to leave the country in 30 days after accusing him of behavior "incompatible" with his diplomatic status and having links with terrorist groups opposed to the Islamic republic.
    June 2 (AFP) - The 2100 GMT news advisory:     ROME:               The United States says it will seek UN                         sanctions against North Korea after the IAEA                         reports it can no longer guarantee that Pyongyang                         has not diverted uranium to build nuclear weapons.
Body exhumed 40 years later after death linked to secret CIA drug tests  FREDERICK, Maryland, June 2 (AFP)  Authorities dug up Thursday the body of a scientist to determine if his death 40 years ago was a suicide or LSD induced after secret CIA drug tests.
Frank Olson, a biochemist researching biological warfare, died after plunging 13 stories from a New York hotel room November 28, 1953.
Army, police and Northern Ireland officials feared dead in helicopter crash  LONDON, June 2 (AFP)  Twenty-nine people, including top-ranking police, Northern Ireland officials and members of the army, were feared dead after a Royal Air Force helicopter crashed in western Scotland late Thursday.
The alarm was first raised by a woman out walking who heard the helicopter and a loud explosion and then reported seeing a fireball near the Mull of Kintyre lighthouse at shortly after 6 pm (1700 GMT).
Korea  ROME, June 2 (AFP)  The United States said Thursday it would seek UN sanctions against North Korea after the IAEA announced it could no longer guarantee that Pyongyang has not diverted uranium to build nuclear weapons.
Not surprisingly, finding a job proved difficult after that.
"You have to take the rough with the smooth," Michel said after deciding not to press charges.
Brooks breezes to first-round lead by Rebecca Bryan  POTOMAC, Maryland, June 2 (AFP)  Mark Brooks battled shifting winds to put together a bogey-free 65 Thursday for three-shot lead after the first round of the Kemper Open golf tournament.
"That was probably the most pivotal shot of the day," he said of the 12-footer he sank for par after putting back 30 feet from the fringe.
Levi was the only player within four shots of the lead who started after noon.
He bogeyed the par-three third where he missed his 12-footer for par, and bogeyed the par-five sixth after landing in the drink.
(new series) Israeli tanks head for Lebanese border after fresh rocket attack  JERUSALEM, June 3 (AFP)  An Israeli armoured column headed for the border with Lebanon late Thursday after guerrillas fired more rockets on northern Israel in apparent retaliation for an Israeli air raid that killed as many as 45 Hezbollah Islamic militants.
Guerrillas fired three Katyusha rocket salvoes at northern Israel in the hours after the pre-dawn Israeli attack on the training camp and launched three more following Rabin's appeal to Syria on Israeli television.
The United States said Thursday it would be seeking UN sanctions against Pyongyang after the International Atomic Energy Agency reported it could no longer guarantee that North Korea was not diverting uranium for military use.
But Washington found itself virtually forced to start the sanctions process after North Korea's haste to discharge spent fuel rods from an experimental reactor at Yongbyon without full IAEA surveillance reached the point of no return.
Close Hitler aide under house arrest  MALAGA, Spain, June 2 (AFP)  Otto Remer, 81, a former SS officer and close aide to Adolf Hitler, was put under house arrest near here, a day after he was arrested following a German extradition request, police announced Thursday.
Remer, 81, left Germany in April to escape a 22-month prison sentence imposed after he publicly denied the existence of Nazi gas chambers and accusing Jews of lying and inventing the mass killings during Hitler's regime.
US to sanction Israeli airline in retaliation  WASHINGTON, June 2 (AFP)  The US Transportation Department announced Thursday it planned to slap sanctions on the Israeli national airline El Al after Israel restricted World Airways flights between New York-Tel Aviv flight.
World Airways had planned to begin the New York-Tel Aviv flights after that date.
Daniel fired a five-under par 67 here Thursday, tying Ellie Gibson for a share of the lead after one round of the 600,000-dollar Olds Classic.
Korea  ROME, June 2 (AFP)  The United States said Thursday it would seek UN sanctions against North Korea after the atomic watchdog body announced it could no longer guarantee that Pyongyang had not diverted uranium to build nuclear weapons.
Barkley was back in his native state after his Phoenix Suns were eliminated from the NBA playoffs.
He returned home after medical examinations to consider whether or not he will retire.
Israeli tanks head for Lebanese border after fresh rocket attack  JERUSALEM, June 3 (AFP)  An Israeli armoured column headed for the border with Lebanon late Thursday as guerrillas continued to fire rockets on northern Israel in apparent retaliation for an Israeli air raid that killed as many as 45 Hezbollah Islamic militants.
Guerrillas fired three Katyusha rocket salvoes at northern Israel in the hours after the pre-dawn Israeli attack on the training camp, three more in the evening following Rabin's appeal to Syria on Israeli television, and a seventh during the night.
Body exhumed 40 years later after death linked to secret CIA drug tests  FREDERICK, Maryland, June 2 (AFP)  Authorities dug up Thursday the body of a scientist to determine if his death 40 years ago was a suicide or LSD induced after secret CIA drug tests.
Frank Olson, a biochemist researching biological warfare, died after plunging 13 stories from a New York hotel room November 28, 1953.
Korea  ROME, June 2 (AFP)  The United States said Thursday it wants the United Nations to impose sanctions on North Korea after the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) announced it could no longer guarantee that Pyongyang had not diverted uranium to build nuclear weapons.
The alarm was first raised by a woman out walking who heard the helicopter and a loud explosion and then reported seeing a fireball near the Mull of Kintyre lighthouse at shortly after six p.m. (1700 GMT).
Beatrice Williams, 21, said Bobbitt got her pregnant in 1992 while he was still married to his wife, Lorena, who cut off his penis after she said he raped her.
Clinton was leaving the capital after giving an upbeat assessment of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's new government despite the fact that it has five neofascist ministers, and after talks with Pope John Paul II that apparently went nowhere towards narrowing their differences on abortion.
"We are capable of fighting this war and winning it if that is the option," said the RPF's deputy military commander, Colonel Frank Mugambage, after talks with Brigadier-General Marcel Gatsinzi, deputy chief of the beleaguered army, retreating in Kigali and southern Rwanda.
Fierce artillery and mortar duels between rebels and government soldiers forced the UN to suspend evacuations after a Senegalese peacekeeper drove into crossfire in Kigali and was killed by a shell blast Tuesday.
Food convoys were halted after a UN vehicle came under fire from unidentified forces while trying to ferry food to civilians Wednesday.
But the United States is reluctant to get embroiled in another potentially bloody African peace mission after its debacle in Somalia, the officials said.
Fifty years after the conflict, he still seems embarrassed about singing the praises of the Irish who sacrificed their lives for the Union Jack, the flag of the former colonial power.
    ROME: The United States said it wants the United Nations to impose  sanctions on North Korea after the International Atomic Energy Agency  announced it could no longer guarantee that Pyongyang had not diverted uranium  to build nuclear weapons.
"We are capable of fighting this war and winning it if that is  the option," Colonel Frank Mugambage of the rebel Rwanda Patriotic Front (RPF)  said after the one-day talks broke up with an agreement to meet again at an  unspecified date.
It also confirmed shadow home secretary Tony Blair's substantial lead over his potential Labour rivals in the race for the Labour leadership, which will begin the day after voting in the European elections.
Arafat resumes work after day and a half rest  TUNIS, June 3 (AFP)  PLO chief Yasser Arafat resumed work late Thursday after a day and a half's rest to recover from recent trips to neighbouring Algeria and Mauritania, a PLO spokesman said.
South Korea senior officials meet to discuss sanctions  SEOUL, June 3 (AFP)  Senior South Korean officials met here Friday to discuss sanctions against North Korea after a UN watchdog body declared it had become impossible to check the North's nuclear program.
"The international community is now taking steps needed to impose sanctions against the North and in line with this move, the (South Korean) government has studied effective measures from various angles," Unification Minister Lee Hong-Koo said after the meeting.
The meeting came hours after the UN watchdog group, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), reported to the UN Security Council that evidence to verify whether the North had diverted plutonium for weapons was destroyed.
At least two business meetings in the Kempinski Hotel -- a Sino- German-South Korean joint venture -- had to be called off last week after failing to get approval from the PSB, one hotel source said.
Tourists had begun to return to the Moslem-majority Kashmir valley this summer after four years during which the picturesque region was transformed from a tourist paradise into a virtual ghost state by the Moslem insurgency.
The couple were released after being given a formal reprimand by station officials, police said.
An interview with a dissident in Beijing was interrupted after five seconds and transmission resumed two minutes later for the global weather forecast.
Japanese rice futures revived after more than 50 years by Shigemi Sato  TOKYO, June 3 (AFP)  A bold attempt to revive Japanese rice futures trading after more than 50 years is getting off to a slow start just three months after the market was thrown into turmoil by the worst harvest since World War II.
The market's launch follows panic buying in March after shortages triggered by last year's poor harvest sent prices skyrocketting.
India's ruling party headed for rout in key state  NEW DELHI, June 3 (AFP)  India's ruling Congress (I) party was headed for a rout Friday in by- elections in the country's most populous state after a shock defeat at the hands of a Sikh party elsewhere, officials said.
Analysts said the outcome would dampen the mood in the Congress, which had been euphoric after the party won five of eight parliamentary and five of 10 state assembly seats in the first round of by-elections across 12 states on May 26.
The Congress also lost to a Sikh political party in a state assembly race in the northern state of Punjab, where a Sikh separatist campaign has been crushed after a decade of violence which left some 25,000 people dead.
The Congress took power in Punjab in February 1992 after winning state elections boycotted by Sikh parties.
The by-election was ordered in Ajnala after the Congress candidate who won there two years ago died.
The air force avionics specialist, 30, said that when his wife visited him at the base where he works here a month after the first birth, he thought her stomach was still rather large but the couple did not think this unusual until she started suffering stomach pains.
Apparently, one egg was fertilized a month after the other.
Khamenei firmly in power five years after Khomeini's death by Kianousche Dorranie  TEHRAN, June 3 (AFP)  Five years after the death of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, his successor spiritual guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has kept a firm hold on political and religious power despite factional quarrels and leadership challenges from the conservative clergy.
However, he was unanimously elected as spiritual leader after the country's top-ranking religious officials granted him the honorary title of "Ayatollah".
Many observers at the time predicted a diminished power for the new spiritual guide, especially after Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani took over as president.
Heightened tension has gripped south Lebanon after Thursday's devastating Israeli air raid on a Hezbollah training base in the Syrian-controlled Bekaa Valley, in eastern Lebanon, which prompted retaliatory rocketing of northern Israel.
The American journalists and their Chinese driver were taken to a police station for an identity check and questioning after filming on the square ahead of the fifth anniversary of the June 4, 1989 crushing of the pro-democracy movement.
(new series) Israel masses forces at Lebanese border  KYRIAT SHMONA, Israel, June 3 (AFP)  Israel massed armour and troops along the border with Lebanon after rocketing continued overnight in riposte to an air strike that killed up to 45 Hezbollah men, military officials said Friday.
The interview came after US officials accompanying President Bill Clinton in Italy said the United States wants to impose sanctions against North Korea and was "in consultation with key allies" and other UN Security Council members on the issue.
Aristide, the first democratically-elected president in his country, said, however, that he was against a US occupation of his country after an invasion.
The US Navy towed a 40-foot Bahamanian-registered sailboat to the US military base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba after catching it trying to smuggle embargoed gasoline and lumber into Haiti.
Group president Sondhi Limthongkul highlighted the "great potential for an English language daily in Vietnam" at a reception after the signing.
The new Palestinian security police chief in the West Bank town of Jericho visited Freij after that attack and promised an inquiry.
UN resumes evacuation as fighting rages on  KIGALI, June 3 (AFP)  The United Nations resumed Friday its operations to evacuate civilians trapped on both sides of the front lines after combatants undertook not to fire on convoys, a spokesman for the UN Assistance Mission in Rwanda (UNAMIR) said here.
Operations had been suspended after a Senegalese UN peacekeepers was killed by a shell blast on Tuesday.
The duel took place around the village of Lahj, around 30 kilometres (18 miles) north of Aden, a day after troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh edged closer to this port city, a correspondent said.
The south on Thursday formed a cabinet headed by Haidar Abu Bakr al- Attas, appointed prime minister of the breakaway state, a day after the Security Council resolution.
Heightened tension has gripped south Lebanon after Thursday's devastating Israeli air raid on a Hezbollah training base in the Syrian-controlled Bekaa Valley, in eastern Lebanon, which prompted retaliatory rocketing of northern Israel.
An associate said Chalard also wanted to prevent anyone from using his body for political purposes after he dies.
Yasin Malik, the JKLF commander who was leading the marchers after surviving an assassination attempt Thursday, accused the rival Hizbul Mujahedeen group of carrying out the attack on the pro-JKLF crowd.
"We had not been naming them directly before for the sake of the (Kashmiri separatist) movement," Malik told reporters after the attack broke up the march by about 1,000 JKLF supporters.
Malik, who was released by the Indian authorities on health grounds on May 17 after two years in prison, had called for the 70-odd Moslem groups involved in the five-year-old rebellion to abandon their differences and unite.
French seamen release P and O ferries after protest against Chinese  CHERBOURG, France, June 3 (AFP)  French seamen have released two British ferries which they had held in port here during the night in a dispute over the employment of Chinese seamen, port officials said on Friday.
A tearful Ding, whose son Jiang Jielian was shot by soldiers on June 3, 1989, said she and her husband Jiang Peikun had only drunk water since after dinner Thursday, according to a reporter who succeeded in telephoning the protesters Friday despite official efforts to isolate them.
Kenya, appearing at their first world championships, were showered with 100 points for a second day - thumped 108-44 by France after going down 109-34 to Canada on Thursday.
Africa's sole representatives after the withdrawal of the continent's number one nation Senegal for financial reasons, Kenya have been the whipping team in Pool B, being crushed 109-34 by Canada on Thursday before going down 108-44 to France.
Galway has had 18 stitches in his neck after an incident in the match against the ACT.
Kearns said after his NSW side thrashed Ireland that he expected some "x-certificate" tactics from the Irish in the Test series.
The remaining 14 people on board will be airlifted by the two helicopters which will return to the scene after refuelling.
Local Shanghai securities firms, underwriting the issue after a massive publicity campaign, snatched 2.8 billion yuan of the two-year bonds, 65 percent more than the aggregate purchased last year.
Peres and Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin went to Rabat after the September 13 signing of the Declaration of Principles for Palestinian autonomy to thank the king for his peace efforts.
Ma Ai-chen from the ruling Kuomintang (KMT) was rushed to hospital with apparent heart problems after passing out in a shouting match with members of the opposition Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) during the melee.
The free-for-all came after two male KMT deputies reportedly joked about the color of the panties that Su was wearing when she and other DPP members took over the chairman's desk and sat on it Thursday.
He was speaking to reporters here after the Israeli air raid Thursday on a Hezbollah training base in the Syrian-controlled Bekaa Valley in eastern Lebanon.
On Thursday, the United States asked for sanctions against North Korea after the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said it could no longer guarantee that nuclear fuel taken from North Korea's Yongbyon plant had not been diverted to make a bomb.
Van Basten has not played for a year after a series of ankle operations and was planning to spend the summer training in Italy.
Gullit, now back with Milan after a year at Sampdoria, walked out of the Dutch camp on Monday for no apparent reason.
UN resumes evacuations as fighting rages on by David Chazan  KIGALI, June 3 (AFP)  The United Nations on Friday resumed the evacuation of citizens trapped on both sides of the front lines in Kigali after rebels and the army undertook not to fire on convoys, a UN military spokesman said.
(KIGALI) Evacuation operations in Kigali had been suspended after a Senegalese UN peacekeeper was killed by a shell blast on Tuesday, the 12th UN military casualty since ethnic slaughter broke out in the central African nation early in April.
Speaking after a meeting with Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic, Akashi said he hoped the Geneva talks, aimed at securing an overall ceasefire in Bosnia-Hercegovina, could start on Saturday morning.
Speaking after a meeting with Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic, Akashi said he hoped the Geneva talks, aimed at securing an overall ceasefire in Bosnia-Hercegovina, could start on Saturday morning.
Israel on Friday massed troops and armour along the border with Lebanon after guerrillas rocketed northern Israel with several salvos of Katyusha rockets overnight.
                   Britain-crash, new series                    600 words around 1100 GMT                    by Allen Nacheman     KIGALI:        The United Nations resumes the evacuation                    of civilians trapped on both sides of the                    front lines here after Rwandan rebels and                    troops fighting for the capital undertake                    not to shoot at convoys despite their failure                    to reach a general ceasefire agreement.
Conservative North and Marxist South Yemen were unified four years but Baid declared an independence in the south on May 21 after fighting erupted.
Dozens of rockets crashed into the Galilee region after the air raid killed up to 45 Hezbollah men on Thursday, but none caused any injury and damage was limited, military officials said.
Israel's biggest selling newspaper Yediot Aharonot reported that Rabin, after failing to make a breakthrough in peace talks, had concluded that Syria "understands only the language of force."
The ministry said that foreign investment applications had grown by six percent from the figure a year earlier to 36.03 billion dollars in the year to March, reversing a three-year decline after outflows had peaked at 67.5 billion dollars four years earlier.
The shooting came a day after rebel and army commanders meeting for UN-mediated truce talks agreed to cooperate with the UN in evacuating thousands of stranded civilians and distributing food, and provided assurances of safety for UN troops and civilians.
Row after row of headstones, waiste-high white crosses, stretched across the cemetery grounds down a gently sloping lawn toward the Mediterranean.
The German currency rose against the lire, firming to 974.7 lire against the mark from 967.2, after further upsets this week for the government of Silvio Berlusconi in the senate.
In Paris, the dollar remained firm ahead of the US statistics, while the French franc retained Thursday's high levels after a cut in the French tender rate from 5.4 to 5.3 percent, which did not surprise the market.
The June contracts on the Matif French futures market rose 0.48 to 116.38 on Friday morning, after opening at 116.56.
On Thursday, the United States said it would ask for sanctions against North Korea after the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) stated it could no longer guarantee that fuel taken from the Yongbyon nuclear plant had not been diverted for military use.
Mar 31   : UN Security Council presidential statement urges North Korea to allow inspections after IAEA says it was blocked.
"Our resolve is total and must not and cannot be checkmated by misguided whims of a small minority," Abacha said in a statement Thursday as security agents arrested the president of the Senate dissolved last year, a day after he announced that the body had reconvened and that the government was "illegal".
Abacha's statement came after a commission appointed by the junta handed in an agenda for the planned conference.
Riot police were deployed in northern parts of Lagos, Nigeria's commercial metropolis, on Wednesday after anti-government protestors erected barricades and burned tyres following the expiry of the opposition ultimatum at midnight on Tuesday.
Earlier Friday Akashi said after a meeting here with Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic that the withdrawal of Serb forces from Gorazde was proceeding and he hoped the Geneva truce talks could start on Saturday morning.
The talks had been due to begin Thursday but were called off after the Serbs failed to follow through on pledges to pull 150 armed policemen from the Moslem enclave.
The Serb forces had traded in their military fatigues for police uniforms after an April 22 ultimatum, which threatened NATO air strikes if the Serbs did not end their offensive against the town.
He said that though the June 1944 Normandy landings -- to be commemorated on Monday, 50 days after the event -- had restored freedom to Europe, he believed the arrival of American forces in Europe had meant the loss of Europe's cultural identity.
(picture) Scooter prices rev up after Vietnam bans imports  HANOI, June 3 (AFP)  Prices for Japanese-made scooters have rise by up to 20 percent in Vietnam during the past month, following a ban by the government on imported used cars and scooters.
China annexed Tibet in 1959 after crushing an independence uprising.
Row after row of headstones, waiste-high white crosses, stretched across the cemetery grounds down a gently sloping lawn toward the Mediterranean.
"It is so difficult to comprehend a tragedy such as this particularly after what all those men have been through."
The huge Chinook plunged into a cliffside on the Mull of Kintyre and burst into flames 30 minutes after taking off from an RAF base in Aldergrove, County Antrim, the RUC said.
Surin said that after the huge United Nations operation in Cambodia last year overseeing elections the international community was disappointed that peace had still not been achieved.
Shares in London fell victim to profit taking after having rise by 1.6 percent the previous day.
Eurotunnel rose by nine pence to 345, regaining about a third of its losses on Thursday after the launch of its rights issue.
It had risen on Thursday after announcing a 12-percent rise in its dividend.
In Paris, shares rose in a technical recovery after prices lifted through the key 2,000 level on Thursday, although futures fell.
Among those rising were Eurotunnel, which rose 8.55 percent to 31.75 French francs after Thursday's rights issue with three million shares traded.
Credit Lyonnais rose by 5.51 percent while Euro Disney was up 3.44 percent to 33.10 francs, and Schneider firmed by 0.19 percent after sharp falls the previous day.
Strafor Facom fell by 4.90 percent after the tools company announced a friendly takeover for the British company Sykes Pickavant.
(graphic) Northern troops move in on Aden despite ceasefire call by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, June 3 (AFP)  Northern Yemeni forces fought their way closer to the south's bastion of Aden on Friday after trading rocket and artillery fire with southern troops, despite both sides' acceptance of a UN ceasefire call.
Northern army units loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh moved to within 15 kilometers (nine miles) of Aden, as a northern minister said they were now in a position to capture the city after four weeks of civil war.
Northern troops advancing on Aden from the east also moved forward to within 30 kilometers (19 miles) of the port city after fighting in the Abyan region.
The outcome came as a shock for the Congress, which had been euphoric after sweeping five of eight parliament and five of 10 state assembly seats in the first round of by-elections across 12 states on May 26.
(repetition correcting slug) (graphic) Northern troops move in on Aden despite ceasefire call by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, June 3 (AFP)  Northern Yemeni forces fought their way closer to the south's bastion of Aden on Friday after trading rocket and artillery fire with southern troops, despite both sides' acceptance of a UN ceasefire call.
Northern army units loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh moved to within 15 kilometers (nine miles) of Aden, as a northern minister said they were now in a position to capture the city after four weeks of civil war.
Northern troops advancing on Aden from the east also moved forward to within 30 kilometers (19 miles) of the port city after fighting in the Abyan region.
Franco was in contention for a World Cup place after recovering from a broken leg but was left out of the final 22 announced here Frioday.
The army of more than 13,000 will also have to protect and look after another army -- survivors of the beach landings on June 6, 1944 that marked the beginning of the end of Nazi Germany.
The shooting came a day after rebel and army commanders meeting for UN-mediated truce talks agreed to cooperate with the UN in evacuating thousands of stranded civilians and distributing food, and provided assurances of safety for UN troops and civilians.
"We were badly treated by the Interahmwe (militias)," said Marie-Josee Murebwayire following her evacuation to Kabuga after six weeks at the church.
When white UN trucks delivered 180 evacuees to Kabuga, many hugged and kissed relatives in scenes of wild rejoicing as they were reunited after two months of terror and uncertainty.
A military reconnaissance team arrived here Thursday from Canada to join Dallaire's 470 men, which has pledged 300 soldiers, as Deputy Defence Minister Robert Fowler flew out after a two-day fact-finding visit.
The UN mission was drastically cut back after 10 Belgian peacekeepers were killed last month.
England's Angus Fraser and Devon Malcolm took a wicket apiece, keeping their side in command after the Kiwis had resumed on 236 for eight.
The end came quickly after Matthew Hart and Dion Nash had extended their fighting ninth wicket stand to 55.
Russia has been invited to talks with the G7 immediately after their annual summits since then Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev went to London in 1991.
Instead of driving inland as planned after coming ashore virtually unhindered, its US commander hesitated, choosing to stay put for the time being.
Authorities said they seized Hossein Shahriari, 25, shortly after he entered the southern city of Hat Yai from Malaysia earlier in the day.
The UN Assistance Mission in Rwanda was radically slashed in size after 10 Belgian UN troops were killed last month 7 as fighting broke out between the rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) and government troops.
Indonesia's central bank seeks investors for ailing Bank Summa  JAKARTA, June 3 (AFP)  Indonesia's Central Bank said Friday it was opening the door to new investors to take over the operation of ailing private Bank Summa, liquidated in December 1992 after running into financial trouble.
China, Hong Kong become Japan's second-biggest investment destination by Peter Starr  TOKYO, June 3 (AFP)  China and Hong Kong pushed Britain aside last year to emerge as the biggest destination for Japanese companies making direct investments abroad after the United States, the finance ministry said Friday.
The ministry said foreign investment applications grew six percent from a year earlier to 36.03 billion dollars in the year to March, reversing a three-year slide after outflows peaked at 67.5 billion dollars four years earlier.
The lower-than-expected increase in non-farm payrolls included 70,000 striking Teamsters union members who returned to their jobs after a nationwide trucking strike.
At least two business meetings in the Kempinski Hotel -- a Sino- German-South Korean joint venture -- had to be called off last week after failing to get approval from the PSB.
Mark Hambley was speaking after a meeting with President Elias Hrawi "to discuss the best ways to try to calm down" the tension that has gripped Lebanon after a devastating Israeli air raid led to rocketing of northern Israel.
The statement came after Japan Friday threw its weight behind US moves to impose sanctions against North Korea outside the framework of the United Nations if need be.
Tokyo shares ease after hitting nine-month high  TOKYO, June 3 (AFP)  Share prices eased on Friday after rising for four straight sessions to hit a nine-month high on the Tokyo Stock Exchange this week, as domestic institutions joined foreign investors in active buying.
The Nikkei fell back on Thursday as a cautious mood set in after it hit a nine-month high, bringing profits for financial instituions.
UN evacuation of non-Serbs to Croatia will continue  GENEVA, June 3 (AFP)  The evacuation of Moslems and Croats from the Bosnian Serb stronghold of Banja Luka is to continue, a UN spokeswoman said Friday after a large-scale evacuation by the UN High Commissioner for Refugees brought 557 people to Croatia.
Both sides have been increasingly pushing their claims to the city, though its status will not be negotiated until after two years of Palestinian self-rule, launched in the Gaza Strip and Jericho on May 4.
reopens (SOUTHAMPTON) A flotilla of small boats went out to greet Tokio, skippered by Chris Dickson, as she sailed up Southampton Water for the line after racing for 32,000 miles.
Dollar gains in London on US job figures  LONDON, June 3 (AFP)  The dollar gained against all other major currencies on the London foreign exchange market Friday immediately after an announcement in Washington that the US unemployment rate unexpectedly fell from 6.4 to 6.0 percent in May.
It had risen as high as 1.6650 just after the announcement.
In Rome, where US President Bill Clinton is in touch with South Korea's president by hotline, US officials said Washington had no option but to call for UN sanctions after 18 months of frustrated dickering with North Korea.
The Spaniard, who is still looking for a win in 1994 after being runner-up in the Dubai, Monte Carlo and Madrid tournaments, broke Courier for an eighth and final time to clinch the match after the American twice overhit the baseline.
"It is always more difficult than you expect when you play Jim," said Bruguera after his win, adding: "The wind made things very difficult."
Authorities said they seized Hossein Shahriari, 25, a day after he entered the southern town of Hat Yai from Malaysia.
Police launched a hunt for two Iranians after they uncovered a gigantic homemade bomb in a truck that had been involved in an accident near the Israeli embassy on March 11.
Kuwait produces around two million bpd under the OPEC rollover pact and oil earnings now account for the bulk of the budget after it sold more than half its overseas assets of around 100 billion dollars to finance its liberation from Iraq and post-war reconstruction.
The figure included 70,000 striking Teamsters union members who returned to their jobs after a nationwide trucking strike.
Interest rates on the main 30-year Treasury bond averaged 7.33 percent shortly after the report was released, down from 7.34 percent late Thursday.
Police returned fire after being hit and the militants "died during the gun battle," the source said.
Investment bankers, fund managers, investor community and senior executives of international businesses and credit rating agencies will interact with the Indian delegation on July 1 after the traditional aid meeting on June 30.
Newcastle set for UEFA Cup slot  LONDON, June 3 (AFP)  Newcastle United are set to play in Europe next season after the English Football Association nominated them on Friday to play in the UEFA Cup.
Americans impossible to beat, says Spanish coach  HOBART, Australia, June 3 (AFP)  Spanish coach Manuel Coloma rated the United States close to unbeatable in the world women's basketball championship after the European champions lost by 21 points to the Americans Friday night.
Last changes for Cameroon  YAOUNDE, June 3 (AFP)  Cameroon completed their squad for the World Cup on Friday after a final re-shuffle before the FIFA deadline: Goalkeepers: Joseph-Antoine Bell, Thomas N'Kono, Jacques Songo'o Defenders: Hans Agbo, Ndiba Ekeme, Marc-Vivien Foe, Rene Kalla, Andre Kana Biyik, Bahanag Song, Stephen Tataw, Georges Ndip-Atem Midfielders: Jean-pierre Fiala, Thomas Libbih, Paul Loga, Emmanuel Maboang, Emile M'Bouh Forwards: David Embe, Roger Milla, Georges Mouyeme, Francois Omam Biyik, Alphonse Tchami, Louis-Paul Mfende 
 (AFP)     KYRIAT SHMONA: Israel massed armour and troops along the border with  Lebanon after rocketing continued overnight in riposte to an air strike that  killed up to 45 Hezbollah men, military officials said.
(AFP)     ADEN: Northern Yemeni forces fought their way closer to the south's  bastion of Aden after trading rocket and artillery fire with southern troops,  despite both sides' acceptance of a UN ceasefire call.
Northern army units  loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh moved to within 15 kilometers (nine  miles) of Aden, as a northern minister said they were now in a position to  capture the city after four weeks of civil war.
Dollar rises after surprise drop in May unemployment  NEW YORK, June 3 (AFP)  The dollar was up against other major currencies in brisk early trading here Friday after the latest jobless figures showed an unexpected fall in the May unemployment rate.
Shortly after trading opened, the dollar broke through resistance at 1.6610 marks and shot up to 1.6660 German marks before entering a consolidation phase in which it lost some ground, said Christophe Koenitzer, a trader at Credit Suisse.
In London, the US currency was quoted at 1.6633 marks and 105.36 yen just after the publication of the US labor statistics.
Koenitzer said an increase in bond interest rates after the jobless report could put pressure on the dollar during the session.
The key rate had slipped to 7.33 percent shortly after the unemployment figures were released.
It is an entrance to the NATO community," he said after a formal meeting between ambassadors from NATO countries and their counterparts from partnership-for-peace participants.
The mustachioed bandit, who carries a 132 million reward on his head, beheaded a senior forest official three years ago after promising to surrender near a stream in the dense Male Mahadeghwar jungle.
Dow down 9.54 points  NEW YORK, June 3 (AFP)  Blue-chip stocks fell early Friday as bond interest rates rose after an unexpected drop in the US unemployment rate in May.
The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials shed 9.54 points to stand at 3,749.45 points at 20 minutes after the session opened on the New York Stock Exchange.
They had shot up to 7.38 percent just after the jobless figures were released.
UN peacekeepers "were there when the massacres began," he said, "then they left, and now they want to come back again after several weeks of killing."
"I am leaving Moscow after satisfying meetings and full of hope that the agreements signed in January by Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev and the Russian President will be concretised when Boris Yeltsin visits Alma-Ata," Sudabeyev said, following talks with Russian counterpart Andrei Kozyrev.
Bartoli breaks away to stage win  LENZ, Austria, June 3 (AFP)  Italy's Michele Bartoli grabbed the 234km 13th stage of the Tour of Italy cycling race here on Friday after a massive 184km breakaway.
Other opponents accuse the president of allowing the disintegration of Ethiopia, citing in particular the independence of Eritrea finally gained last May after 30 years of civil war with Addis Ababa.
Boardman, who led after the first stage but slipped to fifth on Wednesday, took the lead on Thursday.
Row after row of headstones, waist-high white crosses also made of marble, stretched across the cemetery grounds down a gently sloping lawn toward the Mediterranean.
The National Union for the Total Independence of Angola was responsible for the dramatic situation in the country when it fell back into civil war after the elections, a resolution adopted by the ministers said.
The move came after Defence Minister Julian Garcia Vargas called on military and police leaders to step up security around their colleagues, as well as politicians, following Wednesday's car bomb assassination of an army general in Madrid.
In its final declaration after a four-day meeting here, NAM foreign ministers "noted the progress in the current contacts" between Iraq and the International Agency for Atomic Energy (IAEA) on implementing the UN Security Council resolution.
Strict economic sanctions were imposed on Iraq after it invaded Kuwait in August 1990, and UN resolutions for lifting the embargo demand the destruction of Iraq's mass-destructive arsenal.
"It was not fun at all," he said solomenly after the shortest completed singles match of the tournament so far.
I never thought I'd reach the final," said a clearly elated Berasategui after his win.
The Spaniard, who is still looking for a win in 1994 after being runner-up in the Dubai, Monte Carlo and Madrid tournaments, broke Courier for an eighth and final time to clinch the match after the American twice overhit the baseline.
"It was not fun at all," he said solomenly after the shortest completed singles match of the tournament so far.
I never thought I'd reach the final," said a clearly elated Berasategui after his win.
The Spaniard, who is still looking for a win in 1994 after being runner-up in the Dubai, Monte Carlo and Madrid tournaments, broke Courier for an eighth and final time to clinch the match after the American twice overhit the baseline.
Dow rebounds 3.07 points  NEW YORK, June 3 (AFP)  Blue-chip stocks rebounded slightly Friday after bond interest rates eased following their early jump on news of an unexpected drop in the US unemployment rate in May.
They had shot up to 7.38 percent just after the jobless figures were released.
Mitterrand hailed the country for making "a real effort" to move "toward a democratic status" after Akayev signed the Charter at the Elysee Palace, a document which the French president described as "the act by which the cold war ended."
North Korea decided in March last year to withdraw from the NPT but said after the first round of high-level talks with the United States last June that it would freeze the March decision.
It was eventually persuaded not to after talks with US officials.
The Footsie 100-share index gained 17 points or 0.6 percent on the day to end at 2,997.8 points, after having briefly broken up through the symbolic 3,000-point level at mid-session.
Grand Metropolitan was up two pence to 436 on positive comment by analysts after a meeting with group management.
Pilkington, Britain's leading glass-maker, shed three pence to 179 after announcing sale of its two insulation subsidiaries to US company Owens-Corning for 73 million pounds.
Schneider rose slightly, 0.35 percent, after a sharp drop on Thursday.
Five youths detained for arson attack  DRESDEN, Germany, June 3 (AFP)  Five youths have been charged with arson and illegal detention of firearms after they attacked a home for asylum seekers, police announced here Friday.
US senator protests at arrest of Uzbek oppositionists  TASHKENT, June 3 (AFP)  Visiting US senator Arlen Specter protested to Uzbek President Islam Karimov after two opponents of the Tashkent regime were arrested Friday, preventing them from meeting him.
The industry will have three months to comment on draft laws published Friday in the Government Gazette making the warnings mandatory, after which the Health Department will announce its future policy on selling tobacco products.
Nickel weakened, after recent highs, on news that workers at Canadian group Inco's factory at Sudbury, Ontario, had succeeded in negotiating a new labour contract, averting a strike.
Hospitals were reported to be overflowing with casualties and in desperate need of supplies and staff, after many doctors fled early in the civil war which broke out on May 5.
On the eastern front northern troops moved forward to within 30 kilometers (19 miles) of the city after mounting three fierce offensives in the Abyan region in less than 48 hours.
Prices dropped around five dollars during the week, after rising on Monday, to end around 514 dollars per tonne as the metal generally followed copper and nickel in quiet trading.
(LONDON) Prices rose last Friday after news that the company would curb output at its Ruhr-Zink Datteln zinc smelter from 200,000 to 90,000 tonnes per year.
Inco unions ratified a new three-year collective agreement with management, averting a strike at the last minute, after the previous labour contract expired on May 31.
The decision came after North Korea prevented IAEA inspectors from monitoring to their satisfaction the discharge of spent fuel rods from an experimental nuclear reactor at Yongbyon.
Prices, however, ended the week higher, after encouraging US stocks figures from the American Petroleum Institute.
Widow hopes to conceive with sperm taken from husband's corpse  TITUSVILLE, Florida, June 3 (AFP)  A woman widowed just two weeks after her wedding hopes to have a baby using sperm taken from her husband's corpse.
Manny Maresca died of head injuries after a car accident May 18.
"I loved him," Pam Maresca said of the husband she lost two weeks after their wedding.
Berbizier said his players had just completed a long, trying season and he was not sure if they had had time to re-adjust after only one tour game -- against Canada A, on Wednesday.
Earlier Friday Akashi said after a meeting here with Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic that the withdrawal of Serb forces from Gorazde was proceeding and he hoped the Geneva truce talks could start on Saturday morning.
The talks had been due to begin Thursday but were called off after the Serbs failed to follow through on pledges to pull 150 armed policemen from the Moslem enclave.
Interest rates on the main 30-year Treasury bond jumped shortly after the report was released but quickly fell to an average 7.33 percent, down from 7.34 percent late Thursday.
"I find it a pity that a government, when it has a responsable and moderate interlocuter," such as Wang, "refuses to sit down and talk to him," Mrs Mitterrand told AFP after a 40-minute meeting with Wang.
Wang, a former editor of an economics weekly closed after the Tiananmen Square uprising, called on the West to adopt a "coherent" policy in dealing with Beijing to favour the cause of reforms.
Wei was recently re-arrested, just months after he was released after spending more than 14 years in prison for dissident activities.
The shooting came a day after rebel and army commanders meeting for UN-mediated truce talks promised to cooperate with the UN in humanitarian operations.
Washington said Thursday it would seek UN sanctions against North Korea after the International Atomic Energy Agency reported it could no longer guarantee that Pyongyang was not diverting nuclear material for military purposes.
It said that after its meeting last Monday, it has decided to "restitute all democratic structures, institutions and offices", including the senate.
If Berasategui wins he will be the first to achieve that feat since Boris Becker at Wimbledon in 1985 and only the second to do it at Roland Garros after Mats Wilander in 1982.
Schneider could be released over weekend: spokesman  BRUSSELS, June 3 (AFP)  French industrialist Didier Pineau-Valencienne could be released over the weekend, a spokesman for the judiciary said here Friday, a week after he was taken into custody on fraud charges.
Pineau-Valencienne was arrested last Friday morning after he came to Brussels voluntarily to answer questions about two Schneider subsidiaries, Cofimines and Cofibel.
Washington said Thursday it would seek UN sanctions against North Korea after the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) reported it could no longer guarantee that Pyongyang was not diverting nuclear material for military purposes.
Interest rates on the main 30-year Treasury bond jumped shortly after the report was released but quickly fell to an average 7.33 percent, down from 7.34 percent late Thursday.
The FT-SE 100 index of leading shares closed on Friday at 2,997.8 points, showing a weekly gain of 31.4 points -- or one percent -- after encouragement from the futures market.
Inflationary fears were fuelled in Britain after official statistics showed the narrow M0 money supply had risen 0.2 percent in May, bringing the annual rise to 7.1 percent -- well above the government's target of zero to four percent.
After a brief reverse, provoked by losses on Wall Street after a surprise cut in the US unemployment rate in May from 6.4 to 6.0 percent, the market then picked up, concentrating on the fact that only 191,000 non-farm jobs were created in the month, against an expected 285,000.
Eurotunnel lifted four pence to 363 after dropping on Thursday as it lauched its rights issue.
Boots, Britain's premier chemist chain, rose 13 pence to 522 after announcing a 12 percent hike in its dividend and a 2.6 percent rise in annual pre-tax profits.
The printer De La Rue lifted 16 pence to 859 after announcing a 24 percent hike in annual pre-tax profits.
British Aerospace fell 27 pence to 435 after the Dutch airline KLM said it was likely to replace its Airbus fleet by with Boeing aircraft.
Pakistani importers estimated that they had bought less than 130,000 tonnes of cotton since the beginning of the year after a disasterous harvest in the country.
The Scottish champions were hoping to complete the deal on Saturday after the Fiorentina star stayed in Glasgow overnight.
The decision came after North Korea prevented IAEA inspectors from monitoring to their satisfaction the discharge of spent fuel rods from an experimental nuclear reactor at Yongbyon.
NOTTINGHAM, England, June 3 (AFP)  Close of play scoreboard after the second day of the first Test between England and New Zealand here on Friday Overnight: New Zealand 236-8 (S P Fleming 54; P A J DeFreitas 4-94) New Zealand First Innings (final batsmen) M N Hart             c Hick b Fraser                 36 D J Nash             c Rhodes b Malcolm              19 H T Davis            not out                          0 Extras               (lb6, nb14)                     20 Total (93.4 overs)                                  251 Fall:  1-13  2-37  3-66  4-78  5-108  6-168  7-188  8-194  9-249 Bowling: Malcolm                         17.4    5    45  2 Fraser                          21     10    40  2 DeFreitas                       23      4    94  4 Such                            19      7    28  1 White                           13      3    38  1 England First Innings M A Atherton         not out                        101 A J Stewart          c Larsen b Davis                 8 G A Gooch            not out                        152 Extras               (lb2, w6, nb8)                  16 Total 1 wkt (79.5 overs)                            277 Fall:  1-16 To Bat: R A Smith, G A Hick, C White, S J Rhodes, P A J DeFreitas, A R C Fraser, P M Such, D E Malcolm.
Out of the 5,000 due to be released under the Israel-PLO autonomy accord signed in Cairo on May 4, some 1,700 have been freed after giving a written pledge to renounce "terrorism and violence."
England's captains past and present joined forces again at Trent Bridge after a winter going their own ways to destroy a toothless New Zealand attack with ruthless efficiency.
Gooch thundered to 152 not out, a perfect way for England's leading Test run-maker to celebrate his return after opting out of the West Indian mission.
Atherton set the tone after lunch when taking three consecutive boundaries off left-arm spinner Matthew Hart during one woeful over.
The eight left the residence after a month once they were assured of no reprisals but have not left the country despite having obtained Belgian visas, apparently because they cannot scrape together the fare, diplomats said.
                        Haiti-Aristide (new series)                         500 words around 2200 GMT     ROME:               President Bill Clinton leaves Italy Saturday                         after a first solemn dose of D-Day                         commemorative pageantry, making his way                         toward Normandy for the 5Oth anniversary of                         "the longest day."
"He can play on until he's at least 36 as long as he looks after himself."
Yannis Theonas suffered injuries to a thigh when he was attacked by an unidentified man after a KKE party meeting.
But at dawn on June 5, after more optimistic weather forecasts, he finally uttered the now famous words: "OK, let's go."
But at dawn on June 5, after more optimistic weather forecasts, he finally uttered the now famous words: "OK, let's go."
Trading was initially down in reaction to an increase in bond interest rates after the announcement that May's unemployment figures dropped to six percent from 6.4 percent.
They had shot up to 7.38 percent just after the jobless figures were released.
Murray and his assistant, Doug MacLean, were sacked after Detroit led the Western Conference with a 46-30 record with eight draws.
Murray had served as coach and general manager for three years after guiding Washington for nine seasons.
SBCL laboratories will work around the clock during the 1996 Olympics to have results 24 hours after samples are taken.
In Dallas, Nigerians want their team to train outside subruban Addison after a local newspaper reported police chief James McLaughlin warning restaurant owners to beware credit card fraud by Nigerian visitors.
The United States, France, Canada, Venezuela and Argentina said after the meeting they would consider suspending commercial air links and banning international financial transactions with Haiti on a national basis.
If you're going after women, you only have tennis and golf, so this is very timely," Grunstein said.
He said he is gradually getting back on track after surgery for a ruptured disk in his neck two years ago.
Kelly Gibson was among a group on 139 after the day's low round of 64.
Clinton presses on with D-day tour by Daniel Woolls  ROME, June 3 (AFP)  President Bill Clinton leaves Italy Saturday after a first solemn dose of D-day commemorative pageantry, making his way towards Normandy for the 50th anniversary of "the longest day".
One was identified as Manolis Thodorakis, 56, who had recently returned to Greece after living in Germany.
(new series) Sailors evacuated from Indonesian vessel in difficulty  RENNES, France, June 4 (AFP)  An Indonesian landing-craft on its way from Germany was wallowing in heavy seas in the Bay of Biscay early Saturday after the 52 sailors aboard were airlifted off, coastguards said.
The landing-craft Teluk Lampang, formerly part of the East German fleet, started taking in water through its forward door after leaving the French port of Brest on its delivery voyage.
NFL career reception leader goes to Jets  NEW YORK, June 3 (AFP)  Art Monk, the National Football League's all-time receptions leader, came to terms with the New York Jets here Friday after being cut by the Washington Redskins.
The World Bank closed its office in Zaire last year and cut it off in November 1993 after Zaire failed to meet interest payments on World Bank loans.
The consumer confidence index fell in May, the consumer price index remained unchanged in April after rising six consecutive months and business orders also fell in April.
Capriati accused of seducing youth back into drugs  MIAMI, Florida, June 3 (AFP)  Tennis star Jennifer Capriati seduced an 18-year-old back into drugs after he completed a rehabilitation program because she needed a cocaine supplier, a planned nine million-dollar lawsuit contends.
Reynolds won a 27.3 million-dollar judgement against the IAAF in 1992 but has received nothing as is reportedly in dire financial straits after spending 1.2 million dollars in his legal fight.
All four countries were singled out in the final declaration issued after the four-day conference, although the ministers could not refrain from criticising North Korea for its nuclear stance.
The United Nations imposed strict economic sanctions after its US-led forces defeated Iraq in the 1991 Gulf War, saying they should not be lifted until its heavy weapons and nuclear programme were destroyed.
Speaking in a television interview, Papandreou said that every country, and particularly the larger ones, were looking after their own interests and trying to create zones of influence in the Balkans.
Judicial officials said Taradash, appointed after Berlusconi's victory in the March general elections, had also asked the Rome public prosecutor Michele Coiro to investigate RAI's previous links with political parties.
Mansell comes back one week after suffering a concussion during a bizarre crash during the Indianapolis 500.
"They used to come at night to take boys to kill and girls to rape," said an evacuee, Marie-Josee Murebwayire, 30, a Tutsi mother of four who survived for six weeks at Sainte-Famille after her husband was hacked to death.
But it suspended further evacuations and food distribution after its troops came under fire while ferrying people across the front line.
The money is part of some 220 million dollars claimed by the Credit Lyonnais bank, which under new management is cracking down on Tapie after funding the rise of his business empire for the past 15 years.
Three months after the Washington agreements which laid the foundation for the new federation in Bosnia-Hercegovina, the only sort of contact civilians from the former opposing sides are allowed to have are family visits lasting a maximum of one week.
Clinton gave a pep talk to Democratic lawmakers after the Kentucky race, exhorting them to start fighting back or risk being laid low by the new wave of "right-wing fanatics."
Congress approaching showdown on health care reform by Rob Lever  WASHINGTON, June 4 (AFP)  Congress is getting down to business on health care reform more than a year after President Bill Clinton's call for action but is struggling with a myriad of choices in reorganizing the trillion dollar industry.
US takes a tough line with North Korea, but IAEA chief more conciliatory by Rene Slama  UNITED NATIONS, June 3 (AFP)  The United States took a tough line against Pyongyang Friday after an "alarming" report to the Security Council by the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency on the refueling of a North Korean nuclear reactor.
The  move came after Defence Minister Julian Garcia Vargas called on military and  police leaders to step up security around their colleagues, as well as  politicians, following Wednesday's car-bomb assassination of an army general  in Madrid.
Unfortunately, in an overcrowded country of 110 million people with a literacy rate of 24.8 percent, many Bangladeshis after the last lottery left their jobs and sold off property, but were then left stranded here as paupers.
(picture) Toll of quake in East Java rises to 162 dead, 43 missing  JAKARTA, June 4 (AFP)  A strong aftershock shook East Java Saturday, a day after a powerful earthquake triggered tidal waves that swept the southern coast, killing at least 162 people and leaving 43 others missing, an official said.
He said a powerful aftershock measuring six on the open-ended Richter Scale also rocked Banyuwangi Saturday after the initial earthquake, measuring 5.9, triggered the tidal waves Friday.
Lee sat at half-court and was relatively calm after his heckling was blamed for igniting a 25-point fourth quarter by Miller in New York's game five home loss.
Lee sat at half-court and was relatively calm after his heckling was blamed for igniting a 25-point fourth quarter by Miller in New York's game five home loss.
Fighting which resumed after the rebel UNITA movement refused to recognise the result of elections that favoured the government in September 1992 reached a new intensity this week in some places, leading to a cut-off of humanitarian aid.
Foreign Minister Venancio de Moura said this week the government would make no more concessions, after agreeing to give UNITA the administration of a number of provinces and additional ministerial posts.
"The Soviet-German front remained the most important even after the Normandy landings," it said, pointing to the relative commitment of 253 German divisions in the east in June 1944, compared with 65 in the west.
The airline acted after a passenger complained that the pilot had asked his wife and pet dog to come and sit with him inside the cockpit while he was commanding a Bombay-Hyderabad flight on May 12.
Passengers nervous that the animal could jump around and distract the pilots complained to the cabin crew, but neither the wife nor the dog emerged until after the plane flew through a patch of rough weather and landed, Asian Age said.
(picture) Quake toll in East Java rises to 190 dead, 47 missing  JAKARTA, June 4 (AFP)  Strong aftershocks shook East Java Saturday, a day after a powerful earthquake triggered tidal waves that swept the isolated region's southern coast, killing at least 190 people and leaving 47 unaccounted for, officials said.
The meteorology and geophysics office in Jakarta said 446 aftershocks hit the area after the initial Friday temblor.
The friend said by telephone that several police went to the home of Bao's parents around 11:00 pm (1500 GMT) Friday after he had been to city hall to register his human rights organization.
URGENT  KOUROU, French Guiana, June 4 (AFP)  Technicians aborted the launch of an Ariane space rocket here Saturday after a holding strut failed to fall away.
Fini, in an interview given Friday, asserted that until 1938, 16 years after the dictator came to power, fascism had not been a negative force.
The friend said by telephone that several police went to the home of Bao's parents around 11:00 p.m. (15.00 GMT) Friday after he had been to city hall to register his human rights organization.
US ambassador-designate Frank Wisner has urged India not to deploy the missile, whose latest testing was postponed from May 15 until after Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao's return from a visit to the United States.
Ariane space launch aborted  KOUROU, French Guiana, June 4 (AFP)  Technicians aborted the launch of an Ariane space rocket here Saturday after a holding strut failed to fall away.
The women, aged between 30 and 40, went to court in January saying police had tattooed the words "jeb katri" (purse snatcher) on their foreheads after catching them for alleged theft.
Bao Ge, a well-known activist in Shanghai, was arrested late Friday after he went to city hall to file an application to register the group, a friend of Bao's said.
Hong Kong police cordoned off Xinhua news agency, the de-facto official Chinese representation in the colony, after several dozen students jostled with police outside the building late Friday in a commemorative protest.
The United States took a tough line at the UN against Pyongyang Friday after an "alarming" report to the Security Council by the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) on the refuelling of a North Korean nuclear reactor.
Kagame was a leading commander in Museveni's National Resistance Army (NRA), which seized power in Kampala in January 1986 after a five-year guerrilla war against the regime of deposed Ugandan president Milton Obote.
"Then they left, and now they want to come back again after several weeks of killings", Museveni said in reference to UN's decision to reduce the 2,500-strong contingent of the UN Assistance Mission to Rwanda (UNAMIR) to 470 at the height of the crisis, and a recent decision to send in a new UN contingent of 5,500 soldiers to stem the massacres.
"We allowed them too much play after coming inside and they scored everytime, we didn't play too much fast break and we played too slowly in offence," he said.
Cuba finished unbeaten in Group B with a 122-51 wipeout of Kenya after leading 73-26 at halftime.
Breytenbach became a French citizen after his release in 1982.
The cordons were thrown around the national daily Janakantha and the opposition newspaper Banglar Bani after thousands of demonstrators took to the streets Friday to condemn the anti-fundamentalist publications.
A police spokesman said 3,000 people belonging to the Towhidi Jagrata Janata (Rising Faithful) had attacked the Janakantha office after Friday prayers and a rally near the Baitul Mukarran National Mosque.
Police fired shots in the air and used tear gas and batons after the demonstrators set off crude bombs and hurled stones at the office, injuring 12 people including three police, the spokesman said.
Nasreen, 32, has drawn fire after being quoted by an Indian newspaper as saying that Islam's holy book, the Koran, should be fully revised.
US to end immigration program for south Vietnamese collaborators  HANOI, June 4 (AFP)  The United States is to end a special immigration program for officials of the pro-American South Vietnamese regime forced into re- education camps after the war, a newspaper said.
The three special immigration programs were started in June 1979, four years after the war finished.
Plante said UN efforts to rescue civilians stranded behind battle lines in Kigali were "still on hold" after a UN evacuation convoy came under fire Friday as it drove through the Kadhafi Crossing.
The suspects, arrested a few days after Bush's visit, were charged with planning to carry out a car-bomb attack against the former US leader, on the orders of Iraqi President Saddam Hussein's intelligence service.
During the Bush administration, US-led multinational coalition forces drove Iraqi troops out of Kuwait after a seven-month occupation, in February 1991.
(picture) Toll of quake in East Java rises to 190 dead, 47 missing  JAKARTA, June 4 (AFP)  Strong aftershocks Saturday rattled East Java and giant waves reached as far as northwest Australia after an earthquake left at least 190 Indonesians dead and 47 others unaccounted for, officials said.
Newspapers here have reported casualties of up to 272 people one day after the earthquake, but no confirmation could be obtained from authorities.
The meteorology and geophysics office in Jakarta said 446 aftershocks had hit the area 36 hours since the initial temblor struck after midnight Thursday.
The suspects, arrested a few days after Bush's visit, were charged with planning to carry out a car-bomb attack against the former US leader, on the orders of Iraqi President Saddam Hussein's intelligence service.
But after a US investigation into the plot, Washington launched a cruise missile attack on the Iraqi intelligence headquarters in Baghdad on June 27, 1993.
During the Bush administration, US-led multinational coalition forces drove Iraqi troops out of Kuwait in February 1991 after seven months of occupation.
The Clintons arrived from Rome after a two-day Italian visit.
The arrests Friday came after members of the dissolved house of representatives called on junta leader General Sani Abacha to step down "not later than" June 11, the eve of the first anniversary of the annulled presidential election.
Blow for Ariane as new launch aborted  KOUROU, French Guiana, June 4 (AFP)  The European Arianespace consortium suffered a setback Saturday when technicians had to abort the launch of its 64th rocket after a pipe meant to feed liquid hydrogen into the third stage failed to open.
The DPG said strike action would continue until talks opened on the statute of postal workers after privatisation.
The tests were originally scheduled for May 15, but were postponed until after Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao's May 21 return from a visit to the United States where he held his first summit with President Bill Clinton.
The suspects, arrested a few days after Bush's visit, were charged with planning to carry out a car-bomb attack against the former US leader, on the orders of Iraqi President Saddam Hussein's intelligence service.
But after a US investigation into the plot, Washington launched a cruise missile attack on the Iraqi intelligence headquarters in Baghdad on June 27, 1993.
During the Bush administration, US-led multinational coalition forces drove Iraqi troops out of Kuwait in February 1991 after seven months of occupation.
Chu's remarks came as US President Bill Clinton was drumming up international support for sanctions against the hardline communist state, after the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said it could no longer guarantee that North Korea was not diverting plutonium for military purposes.
The Clintons arrived from Rome after a two-day Italian visit.
They were followed by a call from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) for Riyadh to slash its budget deficit after it soared, reaching nearly eight percent of the Gross Domestic Product in 1993.
The negotiations, which resumed Friday after a break of almost four months, had been scheduled to wind up late Saturday afternoon but were extended into the evening with no sign of how long they would last, the officials said.
Blow for Ariane as new launch aborted  KOUROU, French Guiana, June 4 (AFP)  The European Arianespace consortium suffered a setback Saturday when technicians had to abort the launch of its 64th Ariane rocket after an external fuel line failed to break away before liftoff.
The rocket, the 64th in the series and the first launch attempt since an Ariane plunged into the sea after takeoff in January, was to have put the Intelstat-702 telecommunications satellite into orbit as well as two scientific mini-satellites, the STRV-1A and 1B, for Britain's defence ministry.
Social stigma drives AIDS patient to revenge: report  ISLAMABAD, June 4 (AFP)  A professional blood donor carrying the virus that leads to AIDS has gone underground with a vow to spread the infection in Pakistan after becoming a social outcast, it was reported here Saturday.
By Toutatis! Asterix to battle no more  PARIS, June 4 (AFP)  The indomitable Gallic warrior Asterix is to hang up his winged hat after years of battling Romans and other would-be invaders of his corner of ancient France, cartoonist Albert Uderzo, his creator, said in an interview published Saturday.
It opened its first office in Saigon (now Ho Chi Minh City) in 1870, just a few years after its establishment in London, and upgraded it to a branch in 1904.
The Manila seminar drew world attention after failed attempts by Indonesia to force the Philippines to stop the meeting.
President Fidel Ramos banned foreigners from the meeting after Jakarta threatened political and economic reprisals, but dozens slipped through the net and Manila failed to deport any of them.
"You must try to be positive after a scrappy game like this, but we did score 60 points so it can't be all bad," Gardner said.
Coste, looking ahead to the tougher match in Australian rugby strongholds in New South Wales and Queensland, said after the match: "The hors d'oeuvres have now finished, we must prepare for the main course."
Russians to patrol Dushanbe's streets after officer killed  DUSHANBE, June 4 (AFP)  Russian armoured patrols are to tour the Tajik capital Dushanbe, following the killing Saturday of a Russian officer, the commander of Russian border troops in Tajikistan said.
The negotiations, which resumed Friday after a break of almost four months, are part of talks which collapsed in February amid disagreements over "objective criteria" to measure progress in opening Japanese markets.
The suspects, arrested a few days after Bush's visit, were charged with planning to carry out a car-bomb attack against the former US leader, on the orders of Iraqi President Saddam Hussein's intelligence service.
But after a US investigation into the plot, Washington launched a cruise missile attack on the Iraqi intelligence headquarters in Baghdad on June 27, 1993.
During the Bush administration, US-led multinational coalition forces drove Iraqi troops out of Kuwait in February 1991 after seven months of occupation.
Israeli families spent their second night in bomb shelters but then resumed normal life after no rockets were fired at northern Israel overnight Friday to Saturday.
The Clintons arrived from Rome after a two-day Italian visit.
According to police, six were held in preventive detention and the others were released after being ticketed.
Clinton and his wife Hillary will leave the Britannia after the mid- Channel review and board the USS George Washington.
Princess Juliana, mother of Queen Beatrix, will attend the ceremony later Saturday at which the Dalai Lama will receive the prize, named after the US president Franklin D.
Freak tides hit Australian coast after quakes off Java  PERTH, Australia, June 4 (AFP)  Unusually high tides have battered beaches in the north of Western Australia following earthquakes south of Java which created a huge tidal wave, the Weather Bureau said here Saturday.
Civil war erupted between northern forces loyal to the president and his rival Ali Salem al-Baid's troops on May 5, four years after the conservative North and former Marxist South Yemen were united.
The statement came after two days of negotiations in the Crimean capital aimed at ending a crisis caused by the proclamation of the constitution last month.
Africa's Springbok emblem to be scrapped  JOHANNESBURG, June 4 (AFP)  The days of South Africa's Springbok sporting emblem are numbered and will be scrapped after next year's rugby World Cup here, two major sports unions have decided.
The South African Rugby Football Union and the National Sports Congress decided after a meeting Friday that the emblem was no longer appropriate in the new South Africa, but would still be used until the World Cup fixture because of "present commitments," the domestic news agency SAPA reported.
The hosts' roared back after their qualification chances were threatened when they were beaten by China the previous night and they needed to beat Italy by at least 13 points.
But Australia ripped into their task with relish, striking up a 14-point lead after just six minutes, establishing a 38-24 lead by halftime and pulling away in a drawn-out final minute.
In Pool C, Slovakia went through unbeaten after an 86-73 win over Chinese Taipei.
But all hope of going on to break West Indian Brian Lara's six-week- old Test record of 375 evaporated on his very first ball after the break.
but it is in their hands," he said, after meeting with Major.
"If peace is to be preserved, the PLO needs money," he said after meeting with Arafat in the PLO's Tunis headquarters.
The PLO leader told CBS he had a cold, after coughing and looking tired during the television interview.
The statement came after  two days of talks in Simferopol aimed at ending a crisis caused by the  proclamation of the constitution last month.
(AFP)     JAKARTA: Strong aftershocks rattled East Java and giant waves reached as  far as northwest Australia after an earthquake left at least 190 Indonesians  dead and 47 others unaccounted for, officials said.
Unconfirmed newspaper  reports spoke of as many as 272 casualties a day after the pre-dawn  earthquake, which spawned six-meter (20-foot) waves that overwhelmed homes up  to 500 metres (yards) inshore and swept across five districts of East Java.
but it is in their hands," he said, after holding two hours of talks with Major at his house to the north-west of London.
Nasreen, 32, drew fire after being quoted as saying in a newspaper interview that the Koran, Islam's holy book, should be rewritten.
The warrant came one day after 3,000 fundamentalists fought police demanding Nasreen's punishment.
Nasreen achieved notoriety after the government banned her book "Lajja," or Shame.
Civil war broke out on May 5, four years after conservative North Yemen was unified with the Marxist South.
German foundation chief expelled from Kenya  NAIROBI, June 4 (AFP)  German national, Dorothee von Brentano, is to leave here early Sunday after she was declared undesirable by the Kenyan government, diplomatic sources said Saturday.
She was ordered to leave Kenya last year, but did not leave after the German embassy here intervened on her behalf, the sources said.
The Kenyan government believes that Mwangaza, due to be officially launched Sunday after her departure, could be a new political party in the making.
The covers were on the centre-court and rain was still falling two- and-a-half hours after the scheduled start of play.
Sanchez, 22 and a semi-finalist for the last two years, is bidding to win her second French crown after her 1989 triumph.
Wendlinger emerges from coma  HINWIL, Switzerland, June 4 (AFP)  Austrian driver Karl Wendlinger has regained consciousness after more than three weeks in a coma since crashing during practice for the Monaco Grand Prix on May 12.
An hour after the talks were due to begin only the Bosnian Serb delegation led by Radovan Karadzic and General Ratko Mladic had arrived at the UN venue.
"We have a proposal as to how to resolve this question and we have prepared our proposal after consultation with the UN High Commissioner for Refugees.
South Africa, 26-6 down at half-time, hit back after the interval with a further three penalties from Andre Joubert, bringing his tally to five kicks out of eight.
The prize is named after the former US leader, who in a 1941 speech named four freedoms: freedom of expression, freedom of religious observance, freedom from fear and freedom to fight poverty.
New leader in Dauphine Libere race  COLLET D'ALLEVARD, France, June 4 (AFP)  Switzerland's Laurent Dufaux took over from Britain's Chris Boardman as overall leader of the Dauphine Libere cycling race after the fifth stage here Saturday.
Boardman led after the first stage but slipped to fifth on Wednesday, regained the lead the following day.
A few hours after the raid, two opposition newspaper offices were searched by police.
The raid follows the release Tuesday of 25 students after they publicly repented and asked the government to forgive them.
The meteorology and geophysics office in Jakarta said 664 aftershocks had hit the area between the initial temblor shortly after midnight Thursday and 0900 GMT Saturday.
The UN said two ICRC aid workers remained in the town, where airborne aid transports have been suspended, after what it called an extremely delicate evacuation operation.
Angola was plunged back into its long-running post-independence civil war after UNITA lost UN-supervised general elections in September 1992 following a May 1991 peace pact.
"Five years after the June 4 massacre, three years before 1997, the people of Hong Kong still very much support democracy in China," said labor activist Lee Cheuk-yan, one of the organizers.
Guest speaker was Han Dongfang, the Beijing labor activist who witnessed the bloodshed around Tiananmen Square, and who last year was expelled from China after spending a year in the United States.
Coast Guard to the rescue after Cuban refugees fired on  MIAMI, Florida, June 4 (Afp)  A boatload of Cuban refugees fleeing the island were shot after a Cuban gunboat reportedly opened fire, the US Coast Guard said Saturday Up to seven of the 60 people onboard the boat were wounded.
The arrest order came a day after 3,000 Moslems, demanding Nasreen's punishment, fought police in Dhaka.
Nasreen, 32, came under fire after being quoted by an Indian newspaper as saying that Islam's holy book, the Koran, should be rewritten.
The writer achieved notoriety after the authorities banned her book "Lajja," or Shame.
but it is in their hands," he said, after holding two hours of talks with Major.
An hour after the talks were due to begin only the Bosnian Serb delegation led by Radovan Karadzic and General Ratko Mladic had arrived at the UN venue.
"We have a proposal as to how to resolve this question and we have prepared our proposal after consultation with the UN High Commissioner for Refugees.
Anders Forsbrand added to the Swedish threat with a 69 for 212 where Australian Rodger Davis arrived after three birdies in the last four holes gave him a 68.
Watched by President Nelson Mandela and Vice-President Frederik de Klerk, South Africa, 23-6 down at half-time, hit back after the interval with a further three penalties from Andre Joubert, bringing his tally to five kicks out of eight.
The Springboks were soon back on the attack and 19 minutes into the second-half Joubert made it 12-26 with another penalty after the visitors were caught on the wrong side of the ruck.
Women's final goes ahead after rain delay  PARIS, June 4 (AFP)  French teenager Mary Pierce had her way here Saturday, opening here French Open final against Arantxa Sanchez of Spain after a delay of nearly five hours because of rain.
Sanchez, 22 and a semi-finalist for the last two years, is bidding to win her second French crown after her 1989 triumph.
Seven of the eight arrested after a stone-throwing incident were released after Palestinian police intervened, the sources said.
The arrests were made after Palestinians travelling on a bus from Gaza City to the Nusseirat refugee camp began throwing stones at a military patrol close to the Netzarim settlement.
But closer to Aden the situation appeared calmer Saturday, after artillery fire shook the southern bastion for 48 hours.
Final stopped by rain  PARIS, June 6 (AFP)  The women's singles final at the French Open between Spain's Arantxa Sanchez and Mary Pierce of France, which began in a steady drizzle nearly five hours behind schedule, was stopped after just three games because of renewed rain here Saturday.
Army says Hebron under curfew after 41 injured  HEBRON, West Bank, June 4 (AFP)  A curfew was clamped on the West Bank town of Hebron Saturday after 37 Palestinians and four Israeli soldiers were injured in a grenade attack and clashes, the Israeli army said.
Observers from the Temporary International Presence in Hebron (TIPH), deployed after the February massacre of 30 Moslem worshippers by a Jewish settler there, said four Palestinians had been injured in the explosion.
It added that 16 Palestinians were wounded by bullets and 11 others were taken to hospital after tear gas was fired into the crowd in clashes soon after the blast.
The party will hold a leadership contest after the European Parliamentary elections on June, 9 where Tony Blair, a 41-year-old barrister, is the favourite to succeed.
Clinton, who arrived by car after meeting Prime Minister John Major at his country house near Oxford, later left by helicopter to attend a state dinner in Portsmouth, southern England, with his wife Hillary, as guests of the Queen.
Ferhat Lazhar, 65, died Friday at Ouglat Echahem, near Tebessa, in the east of the country, after shooting dead two of his attackers and wounding a third, the newspaper said.
But after just three games and 17 minutes they were back in the dressing rooms and the match postponed.
(picture) Bangladeshi writer reported in hiding after government orders arrest  DHAKA, June 4 (AFP)  The Bangladesh government Saturday issued an arrest warrant against feminist writer Taslima Nasreen who is the target of a campaign by Islamic fundamentalists, the United News of Bangladesh (UNB) news agency reported.
The arrest order came a day after some 3,000 Moslems, demanding Nasreen's conviction, fought with police in Dhaka.
Nasreen, 32, came under fire after being quoted by an Indian newspaper as saying that Islam's holy book, the Koran, should be rewritten.
The writer achieved notoriety after the Dhaka government banned her book "Lajja," or "Shame."
Evans and Horta, who is in the Portuguese enclave after being barred from a controversial conference on East Timor held in the Philippines, will be linked by satellite for the debate Thursday, the Lusa press agency reported.
The government then tried to ban the conference itself, after Indonesia threatened economic and political reprisals on the Philippines for allowing its territory to be used for the event.
Doubt hangs over resumption of peace talks Sunday  GENEVA, June 4 (AFP)  On-off Bosnia peace talks appeared to be off again Saturday evening after Bosnian Moslems accused Serbs of remaining in the vicinity of the besieged town of Gorazde, despite UN reports that they had left.
Qatar is the only Gulf monarchy to have so far publicly denounced the south's declaration of independence on May 21, four years after the former conservative North and the Marxist South were unified.
They didn't quite dominate events to the extent of day two -- mainly because Atherton departed early and Gooch was removed soon after completing a double century.
Gooch, 41 next month, had moved effortlessly from an overnight 152 to 210 by lunch, but one delivery after the break was all it took to send him back to the dressing room.
Gooch's unexpected departure raised Kiwi spirits a touch while new boy Craig White, having struck three crisp boundaries, soon followed -- slicing a drive to mid-off after moving down the pitch to left-arm spinner Matthew Hart.
NOTTINGHAM, England, June 4 (AFP)  Scoreboard at the close of play after the third day of the first Test match between England and New Zealand on Saturday Overnight: New Zealand 251 (S P Fleming 54; P A J DeFreitas 4-94).
Quartey gains welterweight title  PARIS, June 4 (AFP)  Ghana's Ike "Bazooka" Quartey is the new WBA world welterweight champion after stopping Venezuelan Crisanto Espana in the 11th round here on Saturday.
Many Knicks' fans doubted their club could recover after blowing a 12-point lead in the final minutes against Indiana in game five.
I didn't play that bad on the front side," Daniel said after she made bogey on three of the first seven holes.
EAST LANSING, Michigan, June 4 (AFP)  Results here Saturday after three rounds of the 600,000-dollar LPGA Olds Classic (USA unless noted): 200 - Beth Daniel 67-63-70 204 - Lisa Kiggens 68-68-67 205 - Amy Benz 68-67-70 206 - Meg Mallon 68-66-72 207 - Marianne Morris 68-70-69, Donna Andrews 70-69-68 208 - Tania Abitbol (Spain) 72-69-67, Sherri Steinhauer 69-70-69 209 - Deboral Vidal 71-69-69, Juli Inkster 73-70-66 ...
Bowe previously pulled out of a scheduled fight last February against South Africa's Franz Botha after suffering a cut over his eye while sparring.
Gyula Horn, leader of the ex-communist MSZP, made the offer after an extraordinary party congress at which he was nominated for the premiership by 431 out of 450 delegates.
Jiffri was speaking just before Gulf Arab states met in Abha, southwest Saudi Arabia to debate the Yemeni conflict which broke out on May 5 after months of wrangling.
According to sources from all sides, the KPU has lost control of Halabja after taking the village at the beginning of May.
Brooks, who led after both the first and second rounds, carded a two-under 69 for 202.
Wadkins, playing with a sponsor's exemption after losing his Tour card last season, admitted it would be hard not to think about the possiblity of his first victory.
"Since I'm more of a feel player than a mechanical player, it's easier for me to pick up after a period of not playing."
Coast Guard rescues Cuban refugees wounded in reported sea chase  MIAMI, Florida, June 4 (AFP)  The US Coast Guard rescued seven Cuban asylum-seekers wounded after a Cuban gunboat reportedly fired on their boat for more than four hours Saturday.
Passengers said three Cuban gunboats started firing on their boat soon after it left the Port of Mariel on Cuba's northern coast at about 1:00 a.m. (0600 GMT).
They said the shooting continued after the boat entered international waters and lasted more than four hours.
Under French electoral law, no political opinion poll can now be published until after June 12.
"What I have discovered after taking office is that the army's inability to win civilian support is due to its negative actions, including harassment, seizure of civilian properties and arbitrating in civil matters," Konteh said in an interview in this diamond centre 250 kilometres (150 miles) east of Freetown.
South African appearance at OAU summit a historic moment: Nzo  TUNIS, June 5 (AFP)  South Africa's first appearance at a summit of the Organisation of African Unity later this month after long being the pan-African body's public enemy number one will be a historic moment, new foreign minister Alfred Nzo said in an interview with the Tunisian news agency Saturday.
The invasion opened up a western front, increasing the pressure on Nazi Germany already hard-pressed by the Red Army in the east, and after the battle of Stalingrad in 1943 was a key turning point in World War II.
The 13,000 will also have to look after another army - survivors of the beach landings in which the number of allied killed was a relatively light 2,500, with other casualties totalling 7,700.
The veterans convinced the US armed forces they could make the leaps after several practice jumps in the States.
Some 13,000 US paratroopers from the 82nd and 101st airborne divisions began jumping into the region around Sainte-Mere-Eglise shortly after midnight on June 6, 1944.
Many went astray and were drowned in the sea or in the nearby marshes, but after some hard fighting the paratroops secured the Carentan road and the flanks of the invasion, and were eventually able to link up with the troops landing on Utah beach.
Fifty years after D-Day, the violence unleashed at Point-du-Hoc seems barely to have subsided.
But US General Omar Bradley persisted, after envisaging turning back.
The Satmar, named after a town where a small Jewish community flourished in Romania, count only about 400 families in Israel.
Yet despite inflicting heavy losses on their rivals, the north has met continued strong resistance from the south which has taken to the skies mounting wave after wave of air attacks to beat back northern advances.
The radar site at Basly-Douvres, in this sector, held out until June 17, eleven days after the invasion.
Newcomers would get that benefit only after three years.
British commandos of the Sixth Airborne Division seized two key bridges on the Caen canal at Benouville and on the river Orne at Ranville in the first minutes of D-Day, soon after midnight on June 6, 1944.
Built in 1935 over the canal linking the port of Caen with the sea, the Benouville swingbridge was renamed Pegasus after the winged horse emblem of the Sixth Airborne.
The ancient town, the only one in Normandy's Calvados department to emerge unscathed from allied bombing during and after D-Day on June 6, is home to the biggest British war cemetery in the province.
(AFP)     MIAMI: The US Coast Guard rescued seven Cuban asylum-seekers wounded after  a Cuban gunboat reportedly fired on their boat for more than four hours.
(AFP)     KOUROU, French Guiana: The European Arianespace consortium suffered a  setback when technicians had to abort the launch of its 64th Ariane rocket  after an external fuel line failed to break away before liftoff.
While ethnic fighting rages in Kigali, the United Nations is trying painfully to assemble an African peacekeeping force, after western nations hurriedly decamped from Rwanda, pausing only long enough to evacuate their own nationals.
Chinese labourers were evacuated from Yemen last month after civil war broke out.
The official said by telephone that 63 people remained in hospital after the collapse early Saturday morning of the dormitory at the Hong Kong-owned Hip Shing Plastic Toy Factory near the Shenzhen economic zone.
The government Saturday issued a non-bailable arrest warrant against Nasreen, a day after some 3,000 Moslems, clamouring for her to be punished, fought with police.
Nasreen, 32, came under fire after being quoted by the Indian newspaper The Statesman as saying that the Koran should be rewritten.
Nasreen, a doctor-turned-writer, gained prominence after the Dhaka government banned her book "Lajja," or "Shame."
Some 13,000 US paratroopers from the 82nd and 101st airborne divisions began jumping into the region shortly after midnight on June 6.
The army trial had been scheduled for May 14 but postponed until after Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao's return from a Washington summit meeting with President Bill Clinton.
Soldiers intervened to halt scuffles after the settlers tore a Palestinian flag off one car and tried to rip up a portrait of PLO chairman Yasser Arafat on another vehicle.
Three days after the earthquake that triggered the devastation, police dogs joined the search effort, sniffing through the huge piles of debris.
Police closed the village to the public Sunday after thousands from neighbouring areas poured in -- a few to offer help, but most to satisfy their curiosity.
(AFP)     Rahilou downs compatriot     PARIS: France's Kalid Rahilou became the new European light-welterweight  champion after beating his countryman and title holder Valery Kayumba  unaminously on points here on Saturday.
A Canadian C-130 military transport plane that had just landed with Rochetta and three other Italian officials aboard took off again before they had time to disembark after a shell slammed into the airport behind the control tower.
Seconds after the plane left the ground, a second shell hit the runway.
The head of the Palestinian Broadcasting Corporation, Radwan Abu Ayash, told AFP he had asked for an official meeting after the Israelis notified him of their decision.
However the Palestinians had managed to get radio equipment donated by Germany out of Israeli customs without paying duty after a three-week battle, Abu Ayash said.
Bangladeshi police on Sunday barred all exit points from the country in a hunt for the diminutive 32-year-old writer and poet, after a warrant was issued for her arrest for allegedly offending Moslem sentiment.
She has been compared to British author Salman Rushdie, who has been in hiding under police protection since February 1989, when Iran's Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini issued a death decree after his book "The Satanic Verses" outraged Moslems.
Libya, Chad sign friendship treaty  TRIPOLI, June 5 (AFP)  Libyan leader Moammar Kadhafi and his Chadian counterpart Idriss Deby signed a "historic" friendship treaty after solving a bitter border dispute, the Libyan news agency JANA said Sunday.
The ceremony came after Libya agreed to apply the verdict of the International Court of Justice which awarded Chad the Aouzou desert border strip running between the two countries.
There was, however, no sign of uniformed police at the rally on Saturday, as speaker after speaker attacked Moi's administration record and expressed unanimity about the need for a national convention to change the constitution which they said was tailored for a one-party state, but was allowed to slip through by the 1992 multi- party euphoria.
The report came after the new Palestinian police demanded that HAMAS hand over the men who hanged two alleged collaborators in Gaza two weeks ago.
Maguire went into the Market Rasen meeting with defeat staring him in the face after a treble at Stratford in the afternoon had left Dunwoody  six winners clear, 198 to 192.
The Wallabies, hustled by the Irish in the opening half hour, picked up their game to finish with five tries after leading 13-3 at halftime.
Australia only led 6-3 nearing halftime after two Lynagh penalties and a penalty goal from his fly-half opponent Eric Elwood.
The Irish lost powerful second rower Michael Galway during the first half with an ankle injury, replaced by Denis McBride, and Ballymena flanker Brian Robinson battled on after being knocked senseless in an attempted tackle on the rampaging Tabua in the opening seconds.
Cork flanker David Corkery played strongly in his first test, showing great determination to beat Campese to the ball over Ireland's line to save a certain try seven minutes after the break.
Murtaza Bhutto was arrested on November 4, soon after his return from 16 years of self-imposed exile in Damascus.
The northern forces were reported Friday to be only 15 kilometers (nine miles) from Aden where Baid, the country's former vice- president, proclaimed an independent state on May 21 after a failed four-year union.
Gulf Arab states met Sunday in Abha, southwest Saudi Arabia, to debate the Yemeni conflict after Saudi Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faisal warned that the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) could intervene if the fighting continued.
Five foreign ministers from the six-member council attended the talks after Qatari Foreign Minister Sheikh Hama ben Jaber al-Thani returned home suffering from an illness, sources said.
UN suspends Rwanda mercy flights after airport shelled  KIGALI, June 5 (AFP)  The United Nations suspended relief flights to Rwanda after government forces shelled Kigali's rebel-held airport Sunday while a plane carrying Italian Junior Foreign Minister Franco Rochetta was on the tarmac, officials said.
A Canadian C-130 military transport plane that had just landed with Rochetta and three other Italian officials on board took off again before they could disembark after a shell slammed into the airport behind the control tower.
Seconds after the plane left the ground, a second shell hit the runway.
Murtaza Bhutto was arrested on November 4, soon after his return from 16 years of self imposed exile in Damascus.
The case was registered after a naval patrol intercepted a boat allegedly carrying saboteurs.
Sources said Murtaza would be released later in the day after the court's decision had been sent to Karachi jail authorities.
The authorities issued a non-bailable arrest warrant against Nasreen on Saturday, acting after a week of demonstrations by Islamic groups that culminated in a rally by 3,000 fundamentalists calling for Nasreen to be punished.
Nasreen came under fire after being quoted by an Indian newspaper, The Statesman, as saying: "I am not in favour of minor changes (to the Koran).
She went into hiding soon after she was informed of the government step by "friends," a source said, requesting anonymity.
Nasreen, a doctor-turned-writer, gained prominence after the Dhaka government banned her book about the experiences of women in a predominantly Moslem society, "Lajja" ("Shame").
The story comes two weeks after revelations in the Weekly Mail and Guardian newspaper that De Klerk, who is now President Nelson Mandela's deputy, authorised the transfer of three million hectares (7.5 million acres) of land to a trust held by Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini on April 25, just two days before the election.
The minister warned in a television interview last week that he viewed rightwing offenders in a different light to other prisoners and said he would take a tough line on those convicted or awaiting trial in connection with acts of violence after the cut-off date.
A curfew which had been lifted on Hebron after 37 Palestinians and four Israeli soldiers were injured during trouble on Saturday was quickly re-imposed Sunday.
Two Palestinians were lightly wounded by rubber bullets after stones were thrown at troops in the centre of Hebron, the sources said.
The violence in Ramallah erupted after undercover agents shot dead two wanted fighters from the Islamic Resistance Movement last Tuesday.
In Hebron, observers from the Temporary International Presence in Hebron (TIPH), deployed after the February massacre of 30 Moslem worshippers by a Jewish settler, monitored the troubles.
But the heavy-handed security measures also revealed fully the paranoia of a leadership haunted by instability after failing in recent years to tackle the underlying causes of public discontent.
The security clampdown began in the spring, after dissidents -- for the first time since the crushing of the pro-democracy movement on June 4, 1989 -- again criticised rampant corruption, soaring inflation and other social problems thrown up by economic reform.
Physical Canada too much for France  OTTAWA, Canada, June 5 (AFP)  An inspired and enthusiastic Canadian side beat France 18-16 in a rugby union Test here on Saturday after both teams were reduced to 14-men.
Another Martina makes her mark  PARIS, June 5 (AFP)  Just 48 hours after Martina Navratilova took her final bow at the world's most gruelling tournament -- another Martina appeared in the wings.
                   Pakistan-Bhutto,2ndlead                    500 words around 1200 GMT     DHAKA:         Bangladesh police hunt for controversial feminist                    writer Taslima Nasreen, sentenced to death by                    Moslem fundamentalists after reportedly                    suggesting that the Koran be re-written.
A Canadian C-130 military transport plane that had just landed with Rochetta and three other Italian officials aboard took off again before they had time to disembark after a shell slammed into the airport behind the control tower.
Seconds after the plane left the ground, a second shell hit the runway.
Evacuations were suspended after a UN convoy came under fire Friday, presumably from rebels, according to officials.
Kim, on his way back to Seoul after an official visit to Moscow and Tashkent, will have to fly on a Russian Tupolev-134 to land at Vladivostok's airport, whose old runways cannot take the weight of his Boeing 747.
The Koreans are after what is lacking at home: qualified, cheap labour, as well as an abundance of raw materials, such as wood, fish and metal.
(changing dateline) (pictures) Fire rages after northern missile attack on refinery  LITTLE ADEN, Yemen, June 5 (AFP)  Northern warplanes firing a missile blew up two vast oil storage tanks during a raid on Aden's refinery on Sunday, officials said.
A 25,000 tonnes container of crude oil burst into flames after northern warplanes launched an air-to-ground missile, setting fire to the neighbouring tank, refinery director Fadl Haydar told AFP.
A southern military spokesman said fire "broke out in a fuel storage tank at the refinery," which is about 10 kilometers (six miles) from the center of the southern stronghold of Aden after the northern air raid.
"We are not negotiating, just going to explain our position," said Ganic, as he left his hotel here for the UN headquarters, where he arrived at 10:30 (0830 GMT), half-an-hour after the scheduled start of the talks, to meet UN envoy Yasushi Akashi.
The appeal for assistance, addressed chiefly to Australia, France and the United States, was made last month after the Cambodian government suffered a serious defeat at the hands of the ultra-left faction in northwestern Cambodia.
Lien was to arrive in Mexico City on Sunday en route to New York after concluding his Guatemala visit, the Central News Agency (CNA) said.
Some 13,000 US paratroopers from the 82nd and 101st airborne divisions began jumping into the region shortly after midnight on June 6.
Passengers said three Cuban gunboats started firing on their boat soon after it left Mariel on Cuba's northern coast at about 1:00 a.m. (0600 GMT) Saturday.
They said the shooting continued after the boat entered international waters and lasted more than four hours.
Gulf Arab states met Sunday in Abha, southwest Saudi Arabia, to debate the Yemeni conflict after Saudi Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faisal warned that the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) could intervene if the fighting continued.
Five foreign ministers from the six-member council attended the talks after Qatari Foreign Minister Sheikh Hama ben Jaber al-Thani returned home suffering from an illness, sources said.
The arrests came after members of the dissolved house of representatives called on Abacha to step down "not later than" June 11, the eve of the first anniversary of the annulled presidential election.
Sanchez, who had beaten Pierce in three of their previous four matches and who had never lost to the French player on clay, was kept waiting when Pierce left the court after losing the first game.
(PARIS) The eagerly-awaited showdown, stopped after just three games because of rain late Saturday, resumed three hours before Sunday's all-Spanish men's singles final between defending champion Sergi Bruguera and Alberto Berasategui.
Observers noted that many Ethiopians would only vote after going to church.
Other opponents accuse the president of allowing the disintegration of Ethiopia, citing in particular the independence of Eritrea finally gained last May after 30 years of civil war with Addis Ababa.
The mission is to be boosted to 5,500 men after being cut from 2,500 to 400 since the outbreak of the civil war in Rwanda on April 6.
US President Bill Clinton was to make the crossing on the aircraft carrier USS George Washington after reviewing the flotilla aboard the Britannia.
"I felt different out there today," said Sanchez after her victory.
He said he had "strong support" among workers of the Pakistan People's Party (PPP), led by his sister, whose policies he consistently criticised from prison, and would make a decision on his political future after consulting with his supporters.
He left the country after the late military ruler General Mohammad Zia-ul-Haq ousted his father, and organised resistance against the military strongman abroad.
More than 100 supporters chanted slogans and distributed sweets outside the court to celebrate the bail order, after having waited for hours during the court proceedings.
Approach roads to Saint-Mere-Eglise, the first French village to be liberated soon after midnight on June 6, 1944 were blocked by up to 20 kilometres (12 miles) of cars trying to reach the spectacle.
The arrests came after members of the dissolved house of representatives called on Abacha to step down "not later than" June 11, the eve of the first anniversary of the annulled presidential election.
"I'm hoping to get some good rest when we have eight or nine days' break after Tuesday's Benson and Hedges Cup semi-final against Surrey."
Police dogs joined the search but it was also slowed after a mechanical problem paralized a bulldozer brought in to help the efforts.
Police closed the village to the public after thousands from neighbouring areas poured in -- a few to offer help, but most to satisfy their curiosity.
"It was only when I began the last lap that I felt I was in with a chance of the world record, " he said after Saturday's race.
But the government has lost patience with the group after it took part in rallies last month protesting the death of lawyer Abdel Hareth Madani, who died while in police custody.
Brotherhood leader Hamed Abu Nasr was questioned on Sunday on the same charges, after answering a summons.
It was soon after Birckel's father arrived in Canada from recession- hit France that the problems of the Champagne and Aishihik nations began in earnest.
CBS stock dropped 12 percent to 267 dollars a share after the Fox-New World deal was announced.
The sky was a bright blue after an Atlantic squall drenched Saturday's parades and played havoc with celebrations in the channel port of Portsmouth, one of several from which the D-Day invasion was launched on June 6, 1944.
reopens (SAINTE-MERE-EGLISE) One veteran was slightly injured after part of his parachute twisted and he fell heavily on landing, witnesses said.
Approach roads to Saint-Mere-Eglise, the first French village to be liberated soon after midnight on June 6, 1944 were blocked by up to 20 kilometres (12 miles) of cars trying to reach the spectacle.
Sautin scored 710.94 points and Chen, who led after the first three dives, 676.23.
South Africa became the 51st member of the Commonwealth on June 1 after a 33-year absence.
The New Zealand reached lunch on 73 for one in their second innings after trailing by 316 runs on the first.
Other polls show Chancellor Helmut Kohl has pulled level with SDP opponent Rudolf Scharping with around 40 percent of voter intentions, after months in Scharping's slipstream.
(PARIS) The 12th-seeded Pierce, who had been hoping to become the first French player to win the crown since Francoise Durr's 1967 triumph, tugged at the long fair hair at last released from the familiar plait after her loss and admitted: "I am obviously dreadfully disappointed I played so badly.
"I felt different out there today," said Sanchez after her victory.
Baghdad newspapers have reported a sharp rise in crime since the crippling UN trade embargo was imposed almost four years ago, after the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait in August 1990.
Youths detained after arson attack on asylum seekers  COPENHAGEN, June 5 (AFP)  Two Danish youths have been arrested for throwing firebombs at a home for asylum seekers from the former Yugoslavia at Gentofte, north of here, but no one was hurt, police announced Sunday.
Two D-Day veterans dead after heart attacks  LONDON, June 5 (AFP)  A British veteran died of a heart attack on Sunday, during a gathering in southwestern England with his former comrades marking the 50th anniversary of the D-Day landings, his relatives said.
Another veteran died after suffering a heart attack at Caen hospital in Normandy on Friday, police said.
(AFP)     GENEVA: Peace talks due to take place on Bosnia were cancelled after  Moslem delegates refused to join the negotiations, said a spokesman for UN  special envoy to the former Yugoslavia Yasushi Akashi.
The military transport plane that had just landed with Rochetta  aboard took off again before he had time to disembark after a shell slammed  into the airport, a UN spokesman said.
He said he would make a decision on his  political future after consulting supporters.
Observers noted many of the 16  million electors would only vote after going to church.
Some 13,000 US paratroopers from the 82nd and 101st airborne divisions began jumping into the region shortly after midnight on June 6.
Many went astray and were drowned in the sea or in the nearby marshes, but after some hard fighting the paratroops secured the Carentan road, and were eventually able to link up with the troops landing on Utah beach.
The way back looked too difficult for Berasategui, playing in only his fourth Grand Slam event after making his debut as a qualifier here in 1992.
Bruguera led 6-3, 7-5 after 1hr 18mins 
Theodorakis, who underwent an ablation of the spleen in hospital after he was beaten up by the crowd, was also said to be satisfactory.
    June 5 (AFP) - The 1500 GMT news advisory:     CAEN, France:  An international armada carrying                    more than a dozen world leaders heads                    for Normandy after ceremonies on both                    sides of the English Channel kicking off                    commemorations of the D-Day landings that                    marked the beginning of the end of Nazi                    domination in Europe.
                  Rwanda (new series)                   500 words around 1600 GMT                   by Annie Thomas     GENEVA:       The United Nations call off scheduled talks                   on a comprehensive ceasefire after the Bosnian                   government says it will not take part unless                   all Serbs withdraw from a UN-declared military                   exclusion zone in east Bosnia-Hercegovina.
Kadhafi calls for French pullout after Libya-Chad treaty  TRIPOLI, June 5 (AFP)  Libyan leader Moammar Kadhafi called for French troops to withdraw from Chad after signing a friendship treaty with his country's southern neighbour, the news agency JANA reported Sunday.
Kadhafi issued the call after signing a friendship treaty with Chad's President Idriss Deby on Saturday night, following the end of a bitter border dispute.
The ceremony came after Libya applied the verdict of the International Court of Justice which awarded Chad the Aouzou desert border strip running between the two countries.
The ceremonies marked the 50th anniversary of the capture by commandos of the Sixth Airborne Division of two key bridges on the Caen canal at Benouville and on the river Orne at Ranville in the first minutes of D-Day, soon after midnight on June 6, 1944.
Gondree-Pritchard was aged four when a commando headed by Major John Howard seized the Pegasus bridge after they landed just a few metres (yards) away aboard gliders.
Built in 1935 over the canal linking the port of Caen with the sea, the Benouville swingbridge was renamed Pegasus after the winged horse emblem of the Sixth Airborne.
Express train derails  MADRID, June 5 (AFP)  The express train "Puerta del Sol" which runs from Paris to Madrid derailed Sunday near Vitoria in the Basque country after hitting a rail laid across the railway line, Basque police said.
URGENT  ABHA, Saudi Arabia, June 5 (AFP)  Five Gulf Arab states on Sunday implicitly recognized the breakaway southern state declared after the outbreak of Yemen's civil war.
Bruguera, who led by two sets to one 6-3, 7-5, 2-6 after Ihr 54mins, was stung by the loss of the set and he broke Berasategui in the opening game of the fourth.
Some of the whites involved are believed to be farmers convicted and sentenced for possessing arms caches soon after independence in the early 1980s.
(graphic) UN calls off talks on comprehensive ceasefire in Bosnia by Philippe Debeusscher  GENEVA, June 5 (AFP)  The United Nations Sunday called off scheduled talks on a comprehensive ceasefire after the Bosnian government said it would not take part unless all Serbs withdrew from a UN-declared military exclusion zone in east Bosnia-Hercegovina.
Five Gulf countries implicitly recognize south Yemeni state  ABHA, Saudi Arabia, June 5 (AFP)  Five Gulf Arab countries on Sunday implicitly recognized the breakaway southern state declared after the outbreak of Yemen's civil war.
"This position will lead to an escalation in the Yemen crisis and will not be in the interests of its stability," a Qatari delegate said, after Foreign Minister Sheikh Hama ben Jaber al-Thani flew home early "because of illness."
Southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid declared the YDR on May 21, two weeks after the north-south civil war erupted, but it has so far failed to secure formal recognition from any country.
Hungarian opposition leaders resign after poll loss  BUDAPEST, June 5 (AFP)  The presidium of the Democratic Forum (MDF), main loser of last Sunday's general election in Hungary, and the Federation of Democratic Youth (FIDESZ) have announced their resignations, the Hungarian agency MIT reported Sunday.
The MDF won only 70 of the parliament's 386 seats compared to the 165 seats it had won in Hungary's first democratic elections after the communist regime fell in 1990.
It is the most wonderful day of my life to win the title again," said Bruguera after receiving the coveted trophy from the tribune's guest of honour, King Juan Carlos of Spain.
Given the poor state of their finances after legislative elecitons last October, political parties apparently breathed a sigh of relief when the government reform was voted.
The 10-year contract between the three parties, which will run initially for five years and have an option after four, should make money available for new development in parts of the world other than badminton's boom continent of Asia.
Armada of world leaders heads for Normandy beaches by Geoffrey Varley  CAEN, France, June 5 (AFP)  An international armada carrying more than a dozen world leaders headed for Normandy Sunday after ceremonies on both sides of the English Channel commemorating the D-Day landings that spelled the beginning of the end of Nazi domination in Europe.
As history repeated itself, the weather miraculously improved after torrential downpours in recent days.
(new series) Kigali airport shelled while Italian minister's plane on tarmac by Annie Thomas  KIGALI, June 5 (AFP)  Rwandan government forces shelled Kigali's rebel-controlled airport Sunday moments after a plane carrying an Italian minister landed, prompting the UN to suspend relief flights.
The shell slammed into the airport behind the control tower after the plane, its hold already open, came to a halt beside the terminal building Sunday morning.
Seconds after the Hercules C-130 left the ground a second shell hit the runway, UN officials said.
Evacuations were suspended after a UN convoy came under fire Friday.
Five Gulf countries implicitly recognize south Yemeni state by Souleiman Nimer  ABHA, Saudi Arabia, June 5 (AFP)  Five Gulf Arab countries on Sunday implicitly recognized the breakaway southern state declared after the outbreak of Yemen's civil war.
"This position will lead to an escalation in the Yemen crisis and will not be in the interests of its stability," a Qatari delegate said, after Foreign Minister Sheikh Hama ben Jaber al-Thani flew home early "because of illness."
Southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid declared the YDR on May 21, two weeks after the outbreak of a north-south civil war, but it has so far failed to secure formal recognition from any country.
At the break, the New Zealanders were in deep trouble at 123 for four in their second innings, still 193 runs adrift after trailing by 316 runs on the first.
Pantani does it again  APRICA, Italy, June 5 (AFP)  Italy's Marco Pantani swept to his second success in two days after winning the 15th stage of the Tour of Italy cycling race on Sunday.
Vastag will face Gussein Kurbanov of Russia in the third round after the Russian defeated Italy's Antonio Perugina in the second round battle on Sunday.
In the second round, Narong Inprom of Thailand scored a fast first round knockout over Chinese Taipei's Lin Cheng Hao, after the Thai landed a powerful left hook to the face of the opponent.
It is the most wonderful day of my life to win the title again," panted Bruguera after receiving the coveted trophy from the Tribune's guest of honour, King Juan Carlos of Spain.
British veteran joins Americans in D-Day jump  SAINTE-MERE-EGLISE, France, June 5 (AFP)  British World War II veteran Frederick Bailey parachuted Sunday into France 50 years after first jumping on D-Day.
A group of about 40 Americans finally won approval from the US Defense Department after making practice jumps in the United States.
Flames from burning tanks at the refinery shot up into the night sky, several hours after the attack.
Although the authorities in Aden assured the city of 500,000 residents that supplies were not in danger, long queues formed in front of petrol stations after the attack.
Then Haeggman, six under playing the last, and one ahead of Faldo after the Briton sank a 10 footer to birdie the 17th, flew his pitch through the last green, and missed from five feet for the par four that would have given the Swede his second Tour victory.
The US paratroopers meanwhile marked the seizure by American paras of the village of Sainte-Mere-Eglise at dawn the same day after bitter fighting with the occupying Germans.
Gondree-Pritchard was aged four when a commando headed by Major John Howard seized the Pegasus bridge after they landed just a few metres (yards) away aboard gliders.
Built in 1935 over the canal linking the port of Caen with the sea, the Benouville swingbridge was renamed Pegasus after the winged horse emblem of the Sixth Airborne.
Some 13,000 US paratroopers from the 82nd and 101st airborne divisions began jumping into the region shortly after midnight on June 6.
"This position will lead to an escalation in the Yemen crisis and will not be in the interests of its stability," a Qatari delegate said, after Foreign Minister Sheikh Hama ben Jaber al-Thani flew home early "because of illness."
Southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid declared the YDR on May 21, two weeks after the outbreak of the north-south civil war, but it has so far failed to secure formal recognition from any country.
Troops were ordered to assist civil authorities after surging rivers in Assam flooded about 100 villages, destroying homes and damaging crops on a wide scale, the Press Trust of India (PTI) reported.
Participating North Atlantic Treaty Organisation vessels headed out to sea after the ceremony to join naval maneouvres in the Atlantic codenamed "Swordfish" which are scheduled to last until June 15.
Saturday's launch was the first attempt since an Ariane plunged into the sea after takeoff in January.
DeFreitas' return to international cricket after a year in the wilderness could hardly have been happier.
    APRICA, Italy, June 5 (AFP) - Results after the 195km 15th stage of the  Tour of Italy cycling race between Merano and Aprica here on Sunday     Stage     1.
Sporting and Porto to replay  LISBON, June 5 (AFP)  Sporting Lisbon and FC Porto drew 0-0 after extra time in the final of the Portuguese Cup on Sunday.
Earlier in the day his spokesman, Michael Williams, said Akashi had given up trying to bring together the warring parties after four days of delays and was preparing to return to Zagreb.
Akashi told reporters he would make "one last assessment" Monday morning in a bid to start the talks after a final inspection of the zone by United Nations personnel.
The latest setback came a day after separate political talks here on the future of Bosnia under the sponsorship of a contact group comprising representatives of the European Union, Russia, the United Nations and the United States ended inconclusively.
Labor Unions on the rise in US: report  NEW YORK, June 5 (AFP)  Union membership and militance in America seem to be on the rise after years of decline according to a Time magazine-CNN poll.
The INC announced after the talks that a new joint operation room was being formed to implement a ceasefire between Barzani's Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) and Talabani's Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK).
The victory came one week after Daniel snapped a 60-tournament win drought by taking the Corning Classic.
   (LONDON)     AXA Equity Law League table after Sunday's results:     County (last year's finish)    P  W  L  T NR Pts     Warwickshire (10)              4  4  0  0  0  16     Surrey (3)                     5  3  0  0  2  16     Yorkshire (9)                  4  3  0  0  1  14     Kent (2)                       5  3  2  0  0  12     Lancashire (6)                 4  3  1  0  0  12     Nottinghamshire (17)           5  2  1  0  2  12     Sussex (4)                     5  2  2  0  1  10     Worcestershire (16)            4  2  1  0  1  10     Hampshire (15)                 4  2  2  0  0   8     Durham (7)                     4  1  1  0  2   8     Derbyshire (11)                4  1  2  0  1   6     Glamorgan (1)                  4  1  2  0  1   6     Essex (12)                     4  1  2  0  1   6     Somerset (18)                  4  1  3  0  0   4     Middlesex (8)                  4  1  3  0  0   4     Leicestershire (14)            3  1  2  0  0   4     Gloucestershire (13)           5  0  4  0  1   2     Northamptonshire (5)           4  0  3  0  1   2     cc/mo94 
French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe boarded the vessel to greet the queen and her guests after it docked in this town 40 kilometers (25 miles) north of Caen.
Rain foils Glamorgan after skipper's century  LONDON, June 5 (AFP)  Glamorgan skipper Hugh Morris smashed a whirlwind Sunday League century against high flying Surrey at Swansea on Sunday ...
Taiwan's prime minister promises more economic aid to Guatamala  GUATEMALA CITY, June 5 (AFP)  Taiwan's Prime Minister Lien Chan ended his tour of Guatemala Sunday after promising increased economic aid to this Central American nation.
It said northern forces had been forced to withdraw after attempting an offensive in the Al-Shuayb district near the old border between North and South Yemen.
The race was stopped after 192 of 200 scheduled laps around the one- mile (1.6 km) oval.
Unser took the lead after an exchange of pit stops 37 laps into the race and kept ahead of the Brazilian racer to the finish.
Unser took charge after the first pit stops, as the Penske drivers allowed no other racer to lead a single lap.
It was tough," said Wadkins, who was playing with a sponsor's exemption after losing his Tour card last season.
I just thought it was going to be after one more season," Johnson said.
Johnson departed the Cowboys on March 29, two months after leading Dallas to their second straight Super Bowl triumph.
Anybody who wants to have a 10 -year-old graduate student who's soon to be 11, I'm here," he said after receiving his degree in anthropology from the University of South Alabama.
Siamese twins separated  TORONTO, June 5 (AFP)  A team of doctors successfully separated infant Siamese twin girls joined at the abdomen after 20 hours in the operating room, hospital officials said Sunday.
Baby dies after being forgotten in baking car  ALBANY, New York, June 5 (AFP)  A baby forgotten in the back of a car died of heat exhaustion after more than eight hours strapped in his seat, authorities said Sunday.
He said all major parties had agreed he should rule until a former transfer of power after the country's historic first all-race poll, and that he had received many applications for presidential pardons.
He warned in a television interview last week that he viewed right- wing offenders in a different light and would take a tough line on those convicted or awaiting trial in connection with acts of violence after the cut-off date.
                   EU-vote-Britain,                    600 words by Monique Villa     COPENHAGEN:    Danish voters are taking a fresh interest                    in the forthcoming elections to the                    European Parliament, after two stormy                    referenda on the future of the European                    Union in the last two years.
But after winning big in last month's local elections, battering the Conservatives in southern England, they expect to realize the biggest gains Thursday, with some forecasters giving them as many as 10 seats.
Fresh Danish interest in Europe after Maastricht battles by Slim Allagui  COPENHAGEN, June 6 (AFP)  Danish voters are taking a fresh interest in the forthcoming elections to the European Parliament, after two stormy referenda on the future of the European Union in the last two years.
The CDA, Christian-Democrat Party, ousted in May after 50 years in power, has named outgoing transport minister Hanja Maij-Weggen to top its European ticket.
   Monday, June 6 (since 1500 GMT Sunday)     CAEN, France: An international armada carrying more than a dozen world  leaders headed for Normandy after ceremonies on both sides of the English  Channel commemorating the D-Day landings that eventually ended Nazi domination  in Europe.
(AFP)     KIGALI: Rwandan government forces shelled Kigali's rebel-controlled  airport moments after a plane carrying an Italian minister landed, prompting  the UN to suspend relief flights.
At Travnik, the guns of the 7th Corps of the "Armija" set up two months after the ceasefire between Croats and Moslems, are now trained on Mount Vlasic, a strategic hill held by the Serbs overlooking the town and the surrounding countryside.
Timor conference a ringing success for Jakarta's political opponents by David Botbol  MANILA, June 6 (AFP)  A conference on East Timor wrapped up here over the weekend on a jubilant note, leaving delegates delighted with the publicity generated for their cause after Indonesia and the Philippines tried but failed to have the meeting quashed.
But 50 others who could not be identified as conference participants made it through immigration checks and did attend after the government here, following several policy reversals, allowed them to stay once they were found to be in the country.
President Fidel Ramos had first resisted Indonesian pressure to cancel the conference after citing the Phillipines' constitutional guarantees of freedom of speech and of assembly.
On Saturday, senior US, South Korean and Japanese officials issued a statement after two days of talks in Washington that North Korea's refusal to allow the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to monitor the refueling of a nuclear reactor at Yongbyon had "irreparably damaged" its ability to ensure North Korea was not building nuclear bombs.
Fierce tropical storm creates maritime emergency  AUCKLAND, June 6 (AFP)  Maritime emergency services were severely stretched Monday after a fierce tropical storm between New Zealand and Fiji created havoc for a dozen yachts and a cargo ship caught in it.
Another distressed yacht, the Wellington-based sloop Silver Shadow with four aboard, was still waiting for help after becoming dismasted with rigging overboard and losing radio communications.
The disabled Sofia rolled after an engine was damaged on Saturday night during the height of the tropical storm.
A 16,000-tonne cargo ship, the Gulf Current, on its way to Panama from Melbourne, was encountering problems in high seas after a large load of steel in its hold shifted causing the vessel to list to port, Hales said.
URGENT  BEIJING, June 6 (AFP)  All 159 people aboard a Chinese Northwest Airlines plane were believed killed after the plane crashed Monday morning near the central tourist city of Xian, a spokesman from the Civil Aviation Administration of China said.
Chinese plane crashes with 159 on board  BEIJING, June 6 (AFP)  All 159 people aboard a Chinese Northwest Airlines plane were believed dead after a crash Monday morning near the central tourist city of Xian, aviation sources in Guangzhou said.
The BESA centre, named after Israeli prime minister Menachem Begin and Egyptian president Anwar Sadat who brought peace between their two countries in 1978, describes itself as non-partisan and independent, seeking to contribute to the advancement of peace and security.
But Harmoko said after a meeting with President Suharto on Monday that "foreign investment in those (previously closed) fields, including the mass media, must have the approval from the president."
Northerners shell Aden as oil refinery burns by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, Yemen, June 6 (AFP)  Northern forces shelled this besieged southern stronghold on Monday as the city's main oil refinery burned all night after being hit in two air raids.
Kigali airport was still closed Monday after being shelled Sunday just after a UN aircraft had landed.
The evacuation of civilians from Kigali, which began about 10 days ago, was suspended Friday after one convoy was shot at.
Kigali airport was still closed Monday after being shelled Sunday just after a UN aircraft had landed.
The evacuation of civilians from Kigali, which began about 10 days ago, was suspended Friday after one convoy was shot at.
But the phased-in measures by South Korea, which fears reprisals by the unpredictable North, will leave open an option for North Korea to avoid a major confrontation, even after initial sanctions are imposed, the newspaper said.
1992 July 31:  An overloaded Soviet-built tri-jet Yak 42 failed to become properly airborne after taking off from Nanjing airport in the eastern province of Jiangsu.
October 8: A Soviet-built Ilyushin Il14 crashed while trying to return to the northern city of Lanzhou after an engine failure, killing 14 of its 35 passengers.
1993 July 25: A China Northwest Airlines BAe-146 broke into three parts and skidded into a lake after aborting its takeoff from Yinchuan, the capital of northern Ningxia province.
A Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC) spokesman said the Russian Tupolev-154 airliner was carrying 146 passengers and 13 crew members when it lost contact with Xian airport at 08:20 a.m. (0020 GMT), eight minutes after taking off.
The letter, a sent a month after the Declaration of Principles for autonomy, clearly opens the way for Arafat to pray at the Dome of the Rock, which Moslems consider their third holiest site.
British consumer credits rise by 413 million pounds in April  LONDON, June 6 (AFP)  British consumer credits rose by a 413 million pounds (619.5 million dollars) in April after rising by a revised figure of 518 million pounds in March, the central statistical office (CSO) said Monday.
Australia claims first case of AIDS transmission in jail  SYDNEY, June 6 (AFP)  The New South Wales government was urged Monday to consider a syringe exchange program for jailed drug users after what is being claimed here as the world's first proven case of HIV transmission in jail.
A letter to the Medical Journal of Australia has claimed the first definite case involved a 32-year-old man jailed in Australia from before 1980 until after 1990, who had no history of blood transfusion, haemophilia or overseas travel.
The man, who was not identified, is believed to have contracted the virus after he shared a needle with another inmate, although he is also said to have had his first homosexual contact in jail.
1,200 police crack down on Sicilian mafia  MESSINA, Sicily, June 6 (AFP)  Some 1,200 policemen cracked down on organized crime in Sicily overnight after authorities issued 222 new arrest warrants to detain suspected mafiosi, judicial officials announced Monday.
Draper, from Inverness in Florida, was taken to hospital in Caen after being treated in a first-aid tent near Sainte-Mere-Eglise, where 41 US veterans jumped on Sunday.
Two armed and masked men burst into the post office shortly after it opened, demanding to be taken to the vaults.
The board of governors of the IAEA's 35 members is expected to discuss international threats of action against Pyongyang's breach of a nuclear transparency treaty Thursday or Friday after an expected UN Security Council vote on sanctions.
Kaputin said that after the Lihir gold project in northwest Papua New Guinea begins production, the government would institute a freeze of between six and 12 months on new projects.
The fighting, a month after civil war broke out in Yemen, came despite a pledge by the government in Sanaa to respond "positively" to a UN ceasefire resolution adopted last week.
Al-Anad, a top secret base built by Soviet military specialists, was captured more than a week ago after several days of heavy fighting.
A Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC) spokesman said the plane, which had 146 passengers and 13 crew members on board, lost contact with Xian airport eight minutes after taking off at 8:12 am (0012 GMT).
Fifty nine people died when a BAe-146 plane belonging to the airline broke into three parts and skidded into a lake in July last year, after aborting a take-off from Yinchuan, the capital of Ningxia province.
The ceasefire talks between Moslems, Croats and Serbs will only begin after this meeting.
"But we also remind that these requirements be applied after a common agreement.
Thousands greeted Murtaza Bhutto, Benazir's brother, after a court released him from prison on bond late Sunday, where he was being held on six charges of terrorism, subversive activities, sedition and conspiring to topple the government.
"The battle will start now between the real supporters of Zulfikar Ali Bhutto and those who misused my late father's name," Murtaza told a jubiliant crowd after winning the first round of a court battle against his sister's government.
The United States may urge the UN Security Council as early as this week to adopt sanctions, after the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) warned that North Korean stonewalling had left it unable to vet Pyongyang's nuclear intentions.
Iraq was placed under a UN economic embargo after it invaded Kuwait in August 1990.
There were no fears of seismic tidal waves from the quake which occurred shortly after 6 p.m. (0900 GMT), the agency said, adding that its epicenter was an estimated 20 kilometers (12 miles) under the sea off Amami.
Following investigation, a regional police spokesman said the Swedes aged 17 to 19, from the Trelleborg region, roughed up a local youth as they made their way drunkenly back to the ferry after winning a friendly match.
                   DDay-Clinton-message                    550 words around 1430 GMT                    by Christian Chaise     GENEVA:        Bosnian ceasefire talks to begin after UN                    confirms Serb forces have finally pulled out                    of the UN-declared exclusion zone around                    Gorazde.
                   Korea-nuclear-IAEA,lead                    400 words around 1100 GMT     KIGALI:        Rwandan government troops launch their                    first major counter-offensive against rebels                    assaulting the capital, further cut off from                    the world after shelling of the airport.
The letter, sent a month after the Declaration of Principles for autonomy was signed, clearly opens the way for Arafat to pray at the Dome of the Rock, which Moslems consider their third holiest site.
Peres also underlined that Jerusalem would be one of the subjects for negotiations when talks on a permanent settlement for the Palestinians start after two years of autonomy.
Peres announced that the full text would be published later Monday after obtaining permission from Oslo.
The official said the missive was intended to remain secret but after Arafat and other Palestinians alluded to written pledges on Jerusalem the decision was taken to release the contents.
Ireland have lost their last five tour games after winning first-up in Western Australia and have a match against New South Wales Country in Lismore on Wednesday evening before arriving here on Thursday.
Bayeux, the only town in Normandy's Calvados department to emerge unscathed from allied bombing during and after D-Day, has historic ties with Britain.
Six dead and 16 injured in oil refinery blaze  ADEN, Yemen, June 6 (AFP)  At least six people died and 16 were injured in a fire which erupted at Aden's oil refinery after it was bombed by northern warplanes, the refinery's director told AFP Monday.
The escudo remained under pressure at 103.58 to the mark from 103.66 on Friday, despite a statement from the Portugese finance minister Eduardo Catroga on Saturday denying the currency would be devalued after the European elections.
Last week Israel massed troops along its border with Lebanon and threatened a land operation after guerrillas rocketed northern Israel in retaliation for an air raid on a Hezbollah base that killed 32 Moslem fundamentalist fighters.
Chua said after talks with Needham that Malaysia and Britain could sign a memorandum of understanding (MOU) to allow exchange of information in areas such as market intelligence and training in the services sector.
Israel hoped that after signing the autonomy agreement with the Palestine Liberation Organization last year that Riyadh would end the boycott, which officials estimated has cost the country billions of dollars.
The spokesman, speaking from the Airbus base in Toulouse, southern France, said the decision to go ahead with talks was taken at the end of last month, after the end of the first phase of technical studies into the aircraft.
Talks with individual airlines will begin after the Farborough airshow in Britain in September, the spokesman said.
Although the schedule has yet to be announced officially, Kiet is expected to visit Kiev from June 7-10 followed by a private visit to Saint Petersburg, after which he will fly to Kazakhstan.
Libya handed over the Aouzou strip to Chadian control on May 30, after the International Court of Justice awarded the mineral-rich strip to Chad.
There were more than 500 aftershocks after Sunday's quake which took place in the morning, officials said.
There were no fears of tsunami seismic tidal waves from the quake, which occurred shortly after 6 p.m. (0900 GMT) the agency said, adding that its epicenter was an estimated 20 kilometers (12 miles) under the sea off Amami.
The Footsie rose 13.8 points in early trading, but suffered a mild retraction after figures showed British consumer credits had risen by 413 million pounds in April.
The British airports group BAA rose 14 pence to 952 after announcing a 13 percent hike in annual pre-tax profits to 322 million pounds and a dividend payment at the top end of forecasts.
A few days after the assassination attempt, in which three people were killed, Russian President Boris Yeltsin declared a state of emergency in Sunja and Malgobek, regions of neighbouring Ingushetia which Chechnya claims are its own.
Khasbulatov returned to his native Chechnya when he was let out of Moscow's Lefortovo prison at the end of February after being amnestied for his part in the Russian parliamentary rebellion last October.
The comments came after Israel's deputy foreign minister Yossi Beilin hit the headlines in Italy with a strong statement against the presence of neo-fascist ministers in Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's cabinet.
Trial of suspects in Bombay bombings delayed by Madhu Nainan  BOMBAY, June 6 (AFP)  The trial of 50 suspects in a 1993 wave of bombings in Bombay which left 317 dead was delayed Monday after the mostly Moslem defendants accused the judge of harbouring a pro-Hindu prejudice.
Under the scheme, the buyers of failed enterprises -- who can be foreign -- must reimburse the amount owed by the factory no later than one month after its purchase and fulfill all other commitments taken on by the former management.
Eight injured in Hong Kong airliner landing incident  HONG KONG, June 6 (AFP)  Eight people suffered minor injuries Monday when an Airbus operated by the Hong Kong airline Dragonair landed heavily at Hong Kong's Kai Tak airport after experiencing problems with its flaps, a company spokesman said.
"The aircraft landed safely after the pilot indicated a problem with the landing flap setting," he said.
They both want to create the right conditions for growth and they want to cut public spending to halt the economic slide after four years of a conservative government.
The missile hit a pre-determined target in the Bay of Bengal after a perfect four-minute flight over 145 kilometres (90 miles), PTI said.
Bosnian peace talks on track after Serb pullout  GENEVA, June 6 (AFP)  Parties to the Bosnian war, ending a four-day deadlock, agreed to return to the negotiating table for ceasefire talks Monday after Serb forces caved in to international pressure and pulled out of a UN- declared exclusion zone.
The round-table talks were to begin after the tete-a-tetes, Williams said.
Earlier, Williams had said Akashi had given up after four days of delays and was preparing to return to Zagreb.
The weekend setback came a day after separate political talks here on the future of Bosnia under the sponsorship of a contact group comprising representatives of the European Union, Russia, the United Nations and the United States ended inconclusively.
Angola plunged back into its post-independence civil war after UNITA lost UN-supervised general elections in September 1992 following a May 1991 peace pact.
In drizzle and blustering wind at Utah beach where he was applauded but also booed, the first US president to have been born after World War II paid tribute to the thousands who "gave everything they were or what they might have been" so that freedom could win through.
UAP, the official insurer of the French Tennis Federation (FFT), are to make payouts or provide tickets for next year's women's final after spectators at Roland Garros saw only 18 minutes of play because of downpours.
Three immigrants hurt, four escape from centre  OXFORD, England, June 6 (AFP)  Three illegal immigrants were hurt and four others were being sought by police after a night of protests at the Campsfield immigration centre, police said Monday.
"The letter does not given any commitment about Palestinian institutions established in the city after the signing," Peres told reporters.
Peres also underlined that Jerusalem would be one of the subjects for negotiations when talks on a permanent settlement for the Palestinians start after two years of autonomy.
The official said the missive was intended to remain secret but after Arafat and other Palestinians alluded to written pledges on Jerusalem the decision was taken to release the contents.
It remained closed after its Abu Dhabi shareholders failed to give assurances that it would back up its liabilities, including total deposits of 10 billion Hong Kong dollars (1.30 billion US).
Indian Airlines passengers have lucky escape  NEW DELHI, June 6 (AFP)  More than 120 passengers had a narrow escape when an Indian Airlines plane overshot the runway after touching down at the Srinagar city airport in Kashmir on Monday, the Press Trust of India (PTI) said.
More than 140 feared dead in Chinese plane crash  BEIJING, June 6 (AFP)  More than 140 people were feared dead after a Chinese Northwest Airlines plane carrying 160 passengers and crew crashed Monday in central China, airline sources said.
Georgia lost the autonomous republic, situated in the northwest of the country, to Abkhazian separatist forces in September last year after 11 months of fighting that claimed several thousand lives and forced about 250,000 Georgians to flee the region.
Doe was captured in Monrovia in September 1990 under the eyes of West African peacekeeping troops by a dissident NPFL faction, and died after being savagely tortured.
Five were arrested and the others released after identity checks.
(BONN) The heavyweight conservative Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung led on Clinton's speech in Britain in which he said that it took another year after D-Day before freedom reached the Elbe, and another 44 years before it reached eastern Europe.
Sawyer handed in his resignation on Saturday, four days after teachers went on strike to press for payment of bonuses and improvements to their pension plan.
Northerners shell Aden as southerners fight to save oil refinery by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, Yemen, June 6 (AFP)  Northern troops shelled the besieged southern stronghold Aden on Monday as six people died in the battle to save the city's main oil refinery after it was bombed and set ablaze.
The victims were firefighters and volunteers helping them at the refinery, the main source of fuel for southern troops, where storage tanks burned all night after being hit in two air raids on Sunday.
Urgent repairs were underway after shells also hit a pumping station at Bir Nasser, 15 kilometres (nine miles) from the city, disrupting supplies of drinking water.
The meeting came less than a month after a Palestinian police force took charge in the autonomous areas of Jericho and the Gaza Strip.
Fundamentalist guerrillas took up arms against the authorities after the January 1992 cancellation of the second round of a general election the now outlawed Islamic Salvation Front (FIS) was poised to win.
Bullets and grenades came down upon them, but by a few minutes after seven, here, exactly here, the first Rangers stood.
Economic reforms gained momentum after oil prices continued to weaken following the Gulf war and more measures were expected to be taken by member states as they do not forecast any price improvement in the near future.
Malaysia, Singapore to venture abroad using state investment arms  KUALA LUMPUR, June 6 (AFP)  Malaysia and Singapore are to use their powerful government investment arms to jointly undertake projects in the region, officials said after a meeting of their finance ministers Monday.
"This is a very encouraging development and quite a change from the past," Richard Hu, Singapore's Finance Minister, told reporters after meeting his Malaysian counterpart Anwar Ibrahim.
Hu said joint ventures, especially in Vietnam, China and Indonesia, would take off after Malaysia formally launched a new holding company -- Khazanah Holdings -- to replace the current government investment arm, Minister of Finance Inc.
Jordan announced the new the Washington talks over the weekend after a halt since the February mosque massacre in Hebron.
The incidents have fuelled tension between the two rival sides of the Taiwan Strait, which separated after a civil war in 1949.
More than 140 feared dead in Chinese plane crash  BEIJING, June 6 (AFP)  More than 140 people were feared dead after a China Northwest Airlines plane crashed Monday in central China, airline sources said, in what threatened to be the worst disaster in the country's aviation history.
In Hong Kong, an Airbus A320 operated by the Hong Kong airline Dragonair, which is part-owned by mainland China, made an emergency landing after experiencing flap problems, injuring eight people.
A Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC) spokesman said the plane lost contact with the airport in Xian -- about 900 kilometres (550 miles) southwest of Beijing -- eight minutes after taking off at 8:12 am (0012 GMT).
Fifty-nine people died when a BAe-146 plane belonging to the airline broke into three parts and skidded into a lake in July last year after aborting its take-off from Yinchuan, the capital of Ningxia province.
"We're not seeking, we will not provoke a war," he said, adding that there should be "no hesitation, no ambiguity" about Washington's commitment to defend South Korea, 44 years after it poured troops into the 1950-53 Korean War.
The former prime minister acknowledges that the period after North Vietnam's victory over the South in 1975 was a time of mistakes that plunged the country into an economic and spiritual crisis.
But despite Dong's cautionary words, he claims an unshakeable faith in the Vietnamese people after witnessing both their enormous successes and failures in his 30 years in power.
PARIS, June 6 (AFP)  Spaniards Sergi Bruguera and Alberto Berasategui improved their world tennis rankings on Monday after reaching the French Open final at the weekend.
Draper, from Inverness in Florida, was taken to hospital in Caen after being treated in a first-aid tent near Sainte-Mere-Eglise, where 41 US veterans jumped on Sunday.
The ships were to steam from west to east shortly after French President Mitterrand arrived.
TT rider "stable" after surgery  ISLE OF MAN, June 6 (AFP)  Irish rider Robert Dunlop was reported to be in a stable condition after undergoing six hours of surgery overnight after crashing in Sunday's TT Formula One race.
Italian ace Baldasere Monti also is in a stable condition in the same hospital after suffering head injuries in a crash during practice, but Aberdeen rider Rob Mitchell is in a critical condition after crashing during practice.
The senate and the house of representatives, now housed in separate buildings about 20 kilometers (12 miles) apart, plan to move into the unused PNB building after refurbishing work has been completed.
Bosnian peace talks on track after Serb pullout  GENEVA, June 6 (AFP)  Parties to the Bosnian war, ending a four-day deadlock, returned to the negotiating table for ceasefire talks Monday after Serb forces caved in to international pressure and pulled out of a UN-declared exclusion zone.
Earlier, Williams had said Akashi had given up after four days of delays and was preparing to return to Zagreb.
The weekend setback came a day after separate political talks here on the future of Bosnia under the sponsorship of a contact group comprising representatives of the European Union, Russia, the United Nations and the United States ended inconclusively.
The incidents have fuelled tension between the two rival sides of the Taiwan Strait, which separated in 1949 after a civil war.
Jackson has withdrawn after straining a hamstring during training on Sunday.
The election of a constituent assembly opens the final phase of a transition period which began three years ago after the toppling of Marxist military strongman Mengistu Haile Mariam in May 1991.
Other opponents accuse the president of allowing the disintegration of Ethiopia, citing in particular the independence of Eritrea finally gained last May after 30 years of civil war with Addis Ababa.
Out of the 5,000 due to be released under the Israel-PLO autonomy accord signed in Cairo on May 4, some 1,700 have been freed after giving a written pledge to renounce "terrorism and violence."
The ships were to steam from west to east shortly after French President Mitterrand arrived.
But US General Omar Bradley persisted, after envisaging turning back.
In drizzle  and blustering wind at Utah Beach where he was applauded but also booed, the  first US president to have been born after World War II paid tribute to the  thousands who "gave everything they were or what they might have been" so that  freedom could win through.
(AFP)     GENEVA: Parties to the Bosnian war returned to the negotiating table for  ceasefire talks after Serb forces caved in to international pressure and  pulled out of a UN-declared exclusion zone around the Moslem enclave of  Gorazde.
(AFP)     ADEN, Yemen: Northern troops shelled the besieged southern stronghold Aden  as six people died in the battle to save the city's main oil refinery after it  was bombed and set ablaze.
"The letter does not given any commitment about Palestinian  institutions established in the city after the signing," he said.
"She seemed pretty happy because the weather is good," said her grandmother Betty Loboda from Van Meter's home in Meadville, Pennsylvania after speaking to her granddaughter from her last stop in Greenland.
No details on the accord were revealed, but Bjoerck told correspondents that the agreement-in-principle could open the road to cooperation on some major projects, such as future generations of aircraft - after the Eurofighter combat plane and the Swedish JAS 39 Gripen - and submarines.
Several minutes after trading opened, the greenback was at 1.6700 German marks against 1.6694 German marks at Friday's close and at 105.43 yen against 105.30 yen.
The move towards peace came after Serb forces caved in to international pressure and pulled out of a UN-declared exclusion zone around Gorazde, prompting the mainly Moslem Bosnian government to agree to return to the negotiating table.
The official news agency Xinhua said no survivors emerged from the wreck of the Soviet-made Tupolev-154, which plummeted to earth shortly after take-off from Xian in Shaanxi province on a flight to Guangzhou, in the southern province of Guangdong.
(In Hong Kong, an Airbus A320 operated by the Hong Kong airline Dragonair, which is part-owned by mainland China, made an emergency landing after experiencing flap problems, injuring eight people.) The Tupolev crash was the first this year by a plane belonging to one of China's numerous domestic airlines, which were condemned by the International Airline Passengers Association in February as the most dangerous in the world.
A Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC) spokesman said the plane lost contact with the airport in Xian -- about 900 kilometres (550 miles) southwest of Beijing -- eight minutes after taking off at 8:12 am (0012 GMT).
Fifty nine people died when a BAe-146 plane belonging to the airline broke into three parts and skidded into a lake in July last year after aborting its take-off from Yinchuan, the capital of Ningxia province.
Though Lewis was ticked off by the IAAF for his allegations, Johnson eventually failed a drug test after winning gold at the Seoul Olympics in 1988.
Sotomayor should be in sparkling form after sailing over 2.42m in Seville, Spain on Sunday for the best performance in the world this year.
Korea must take responsibility for its own actions: Clinton  WASHINGTON, June 6 (AFP)  North Korea must take responsibility for its own actions, President Bill Clinton said Monday after Pyongyang warned that sanctions against it would make a merciless war inevitable.
Shortly after the opening, the Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials was up 10.46 points (0.28 percent) at 3.782.68 points.
Later Monday, Queen Elizabeth II would attend commemorative ceremonies with veterans at Arromanches, where the D-Day floating harbour was constructed after being towed across the Channel.
The crackdown came after Spanish security forces were placed on full alert Friday amid fears of new strikes by ETA.
Police made the arrests Saturday and Sunday after French authorities deported former ETA militant Domingo Aizpurua Aispuru, alias Pitxas, to Spain last week.
They consider the mass unrest movement broke out on December 9, 1987, in Jabalia refugee camp on the Gaza Strip, after a road accident left four Palestinians dead.
"The strike was against occupation and that is partly over," said Abdallah Shami, who like Ferwena spent a year in exile after he was deported to Lebanon for his activities on behalf of Islamic Jihad.
PLO chairman Yasser Arafat pledged to halt violence last September when Israel and his organisation recognized each other after decades of enmity.
Fourth Nigerian senator arrested after challenging junta  LAGOS, June 6 (AFP)  Nigerian police have arrested a fourth member of the country's dissolved Senate, which threw down a gauntlet to the junta last week by declaring itself in session, a Senator told AFP on Monday.
The security forces on Sunday detained Abu Ibrahim of the northern Katsina State, said ex-Senator Bola Tinubu, who was himself still being sought by police after the Senate declared the military regime illegal.
Speaking by cellular telephone from his hideaway after the arrests began at the weekend, Tinubu said that police officers had visited his Lagos home several times, demanding that he report to police headquarters.
Several members of the National Assembly, which was also dissolved by Abacha after he seized power last November, pledged Sunday to show "solidarity" for the detained former speaker of the Senate, Ameh Ebute, whenever he is brought to court for trial.
Esmat Abdel Meguid, in a meeting with southern official Haidar Abu Bakr al-Attas, urged Sanaa to "commit itself" to the ceasefire and he also voiced "regrets at the serious escalation" after the air strikes on Aden's refinery.
Kaleso said the talks were initiated by the Congress Party (MCP) after AFORD twice failed to reach an accord with the Front (UDF) on forming a coalition government after last month's first democratic elections.
Speaking at an international ceremony on the beach to mark the 50th anniversary of the Normandy landings, Mitterrand said that France and former enemy Germany were now walking "in step" after a conflict that had changed the world.
The US firm of Texas Instruments dropped the idea of establishing a chip production facility in Dresden after Siemens announced its plans last December.
Daniel McCann, Mairead Farrell and Sean Savage had been put under close SAS surveillance when they arrived in Gibraltar after the crack unit had learnt of the IRA plans in the British colony.
SAS officers swooped on the three men after Savage parked a car in a Gibraltar street on March 6, 1988.
Hijacked Chinese plane returns home, hijacker held  TAIPEI, June 6 (AFP)  A mainland Chinese jet with 139 people on board returned home from here late Monday after Taiwan police detained the lone air pirate, witnesses said.
Graphic                    by Laurence Peter     KIGALI:        Rwandan government troops launch their                    first major counter-offensive against rebels                    assaulting the capital, further cut off from                    the world after shelling of the airport.
Riedl heads a child support association which looks after sick Iraqi children.
Meanwhile, parliament had replaced its missing national flag after it was mysteriously replaced Sunday by an Islamic one, officials said.
The mainly Tutsi RPF refuses to recognise the interim, all-Hutu government formed after Rwanda's Hutu president, Juvenal Habyarimana, was killed in a suspected rocket attack on his plane in April 6.
The move to sell off the airline founded in 1949 comes after years of hesitation.
Boardman set for Tour debut  CHAMBERY, France, June 6 (AFP)  Britain's Chris Boardman is set to make his debut in the Tour de France next month after an impressive finish to the Criterium du Dauphine Libere race here on Monday.
"There is a good chance now that Chris will be on our team for the Tour," Roger Legeay, the director of Boardman's GAN team said after watching the former Olympic pursuit champion add the final stage to his prologue and time trial victories.
The Briton made his first attack after only five of the 157km and moved out on his own just after the half-way stage.
As the announcement came northern troops were shelling the besieged southern stronghold Aden for the second straight day leaving at least eight dead, while six people died as firefighters tried to save the city's main oil refinery after it was bombed and set ablaze.
He bitterly attacked Bhutto's policies and what he called the "corruption" of her husband Asif Ali Zardari during a news conference a day after his release on bail by a court after seven months in jail.
The words retained their power to stir, 50 years after Allied troops stormed the beaches Normandy to throw back the forces of Nazi domination.
Echoing the theme adopted by all the international dignitaries who made the pilgrimate to Normandy for the anniversary, Clinton -- the first US president born after the end of World War II -- declared: "To honour them we must remember."
The queen later reviewed British veterans on the beach at Arromanches, to the east of Utah and Omaha beaches, where the D-Day floating harbour needed for the landing was constructed after being towed across the English Channel.
Bosnian peace talks on track after Serb pullout by Jean-Michel Stoullig  GENEVA, June 6 (AFP)  Bosnian peace talks resumed Monday after an agonizing four-day delay, and the UN special envoy said a truce accord was possible within 24 hours.
The discussions got back on track after Bosnian Serb forces caved in to international pressure and pulled the last of their troops out of a UN-declared exclusion zone around the mainly Moslem town of Gorazde in eastern Bosnia.
The Serbs now control 70 percent after two years of the worst fighting in Europe since World War II and a brutal campaign of "ethnic cleansing."
Akashi had on Sunday cancelled attempts to hold the talks after the four days of frustrating delay and frantic shuttle diplomacy in the dispute over Gorazde, but then gave the factions one more chance Monday.
He also voiced "regrets at the serious escalation" after air strikes by northern forces loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh on the south's main oil refinery in Aden.
The Sanaa offer came a day after the Gulf Arab monarchies neighbouring Yemen increased the pressure on Sanaa to accept a ceasefire by implicitly recognizing the southern breakaway state declared on May 21.
But both major state television networks provided viewers with extensive coverage of the main event at Omaha Beach Monday, after a weekend of documentary programmes about the allied operation.
But Bild had previously provided readers with snippets of what Churchill, Stalin and Hitler said and did on the morning of June 6, 1944 -- noting among other things that Hitler slept late after listening to classical music the previous night because an aide, informed about reports of the Normandy landing, dared not wake him.
The conservative Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung led its front page Monday with an article quoting Clinton saying it took another year after D-Day before freedom reached the east German river Elbe, and another 44 years before it reached eastern Europe.
Speaking at an international ceremony on the beach to mark the 50th anniversary of the Normandy landings, Mitterrand said that France and former enemy Germany were now walking "in step" after a conflict that had changed the world.
Residents had been left without drinking water for two days after northern troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh bombed a pumping station at Bir Nasser, 15 kilometers (nine miles) from Aden.
Injured race driver flown to Austrian clinic  INNSBRCK, Austria, June 6 (AFP)  Austrian race driver Karl Wendlinger, who spent three weeks in a coma after crashing at Monaco, was flown here Monday for further specialist treatment.
The airline's dozen staff unions called the strike on June 1 after meeting with the new chairman of state-owned Air France, Christian Blanc.
The UN Security Council voted on May 25 to overturn the resolutions prohibiting the sale of weapons to South Africa and the purchase of weapons from South Africa after the country's all-race elections in April that ended more than 300 years of white-minority rule.
A day after the UN lifted the arms embargo, Armscor general manager Tielman de Waal spoke enthusiastically of Armscor receiving a major boost from the move, triggering fears of South African arms flooding the international market.
Mitterrand spoke after June 6, 1944 adresses by Supreme Allied Commander Dwight Eisenhower and the leader of the Free French, Charles de Gaulle were broadcast across the sand.
He spoke from a monument at the edge of Omaha beach, where 3,000 US troops died after the June 6 landings when faced with stiff German resistance that almost forced them to retreat.
Asked if it was worth it, the Kansas City native was quiet for several seconds, gazing at the empty stands as the area emptied out after the show.
The Footsie index lost some gains in the morning after the announcement of a higher-than-expected rise of 413 million pounds in British consumer credit in April.
The meeting was called Friday by the Lebanese ambassador to the United Nations, Khalil Makkawi, after the raid which left 32 Moslem fundamentalist fighters dead.
Spain takes over the EU revolving presidency in the latter half of 1995, after Germany and France.
North declares ceasefire after month of war by Laurence Peter  SANAA, June 6 (AFP)  Yemen's northern leaders announced a ceasefire in the month-old civil war on Monday as their forces pounded the southern bastion of Aden with shellfire and fierce fighting raged on several fronts.
The ceasefire announcement, quickly hailed by Meguid as a "positive first step," came after a day of intense fighting on two main fronts near Aden and shelling of the city itself, which continued after the announcement.
At least eight dead were confirmed dead in the shelling and ambulances were criss-crossing the city, while six others died as firefighters tried to save the city's main oil refinery after it was bombed and set ablaze.
Conditions were deteriorating rapidly in Aden, with water cut of in most districts after a shell hit a pumping station, petrol stations closed, and electricity being rationed.
In the process, Lara left a trail of records in his wake in an innings played less than two months after he captured the world Test run record with 375 for West Indies against England in Antigua.
Meanwhile Kigali airport remained closed after being shelled Sunday just after a UN aircraft had landed.
The evacuation of civilians from Kigali, which began about 10 days ago, was suspended Friday after one convoy came under fire.
The hijacker gave himself up to police immediately after the plane landed, said airport police chief Huang Hui-ho.
"All will be repatriated after they are tried and served jail terms here," Interior Minister Wu Poh-hsiung said.
The incidents have fuelled tension between the two rival sides of the Taiwan Strait, which went their separate ways in 1949 after a civil war.
The four-point policy was decided after a foreign ministry official briefed the three ministers following weekend talks in Washington on measures to be taken against North Korea, which has refused to open its nuclear facilities, suspected of concealing a weapons programme, for full IAEA inspections.
The escudo lost ground on rumors of a devaluation after European Parliament elections, though Portuguese finance minister Eduardo Catroga denied reports of a planned escudo devaluation after the elections.
Border dispute under discussion at Israel/Jordan talks  WASHINGTON, June 6 (AFP)  Israel and Jordan were to discuss a dispute over their common border when talks resume here Monday after a three-month hiatus, a Jordanian source reaffirmed.
Jordan announced the new the Washington talks over the weekend after a halt since the February mosque massacre by an Israeli settlern in Hebron.
The deposits were not registered with the KIA's Kuwait Investment Office until after the liberation of Kuwait.
Fears that the fighting would escalate in the run-up to the election were unfounded after the IFP reversed its decision to boycott the poll.
They said the south, which has already welcomed last week's UN Security Council call for a ceasefire, would issue a statement after the meeting.
Yeltsin told reporters he wished to meet the Nobel prize-winning writer, who returned to his homeland last month after 20 years in exile in the United States, to discuss "Russians and the future of Russia."
He said he hoped the meeting would take place after the author ended his slow train journey across Russia started at Vladivostok after his return on April 27.
English cricket results  LONDON, June 6 (AFP)  Monday's English County Championship cricket results: Tunbridge Wells Sussex 319 (C W J Athey 169 no, A P Igglesden 4-42) 237-8 dec (P Moores 68, D M Smith 50, M M Patel 6-91) v Kent 336-6 dec (C L Hooper 79, M V Fleming 63, T R Ward 60, M R Benson 55)  152-5 (M V Fleming 66) Sussex (5pts) drew with Kent (7pts) Lords Worcestershire 557 (S R Lampitt 122, T S Curtis 117, T M Moody 83, J E Emburey 4-101) v Middlesex 209-3 dec (M A Roseberry 97, M R Ramprakash 59 no) 304-8 (D L Haynes 125, M R Ramprakash 62) Worcestershire (5pts) drew with Middlesex (4pts) Northampton Northamptonshire 330 (A L Penberthy 79 no, K M Curran 68, P J Martin 5-61) 120-3 dec (R J Bailey 54 no) v Lancashire 190-4 dec (J P Crawley 69 no) 215-8 (N J Speak 63, G D Lloyd 52) Northamptonshire (4pts) drew with Lancashire (4pts) Taunton Somerset 332-3 dec (R J Harden 103 no, M E Trescothick 81, A N Hayhurst 76 no)  Second Innings Forfeited v 0Innings Forfeited v Hampshire 245 Somerset (7pts) drew with Hampshire (2pts) Edgbaston Durham 556-8 dec (J E Morris 204, P Bainbridge 67, D A Graveney 65 no, A C Cummins 62, S Hutton 61) v Warwickshire 810-4 (B C Lara 501 no, K J Piper 116 no, R G Twose 51) Durham (5pts) drew with Warwickshire (6pts) Chelmsford Essex 362 (P J Prichard 119, J J B Lewis 109)  183-4 dec (J J B Lewis 78, P J Prichard 62) v Gloucestershire 266-8 dec 279-8 (T H C Hancock 123, B C Broad 63, J H Childs 6-71) Essex (7pts) drew with Gloucestershire (14pts) Middlesbrough Yorkshire 181 (S A Kellett 50, G W Mike 5-44)  121 (R A Pick 5-29) v Nottinghamshire 159  145-5 Nottinghamshire (20pts) beat Yorkshire (4pts) by 5 wkts Swansea Surrey 429 (A J Hollioake 101 no, G P Thorpe 65, M A Butcher 62, D J Bicknell 54, S L Watkin 4-115) v Glamorgan 77-2 Surrey (4pts) drew with Glamorgan (2pts) County Championship table after Monday's results: County                     P  W  L  D Bat  Bowl Pts Surrey (6)                 6  4  1  1  15    19  98 Nottinghamshire (7)        5  4  0  1   6    16  86 Essex (11)                 5  3  0  2  13    19  80 Leicestershire (9)         4  3  0  1  13    15  76 Durham (18)                5  2  2  1  12    15  59 Warwickshire (16)          5  2  0  3  11    13  56 Gloucestershire (17)       6  1  2  3  11    21  56 Somerset (5)               5  1  4  0  10    12  38 Sussex (10)                5  1  0  4   8    13  37 Lancashire (13)            4  1  1  2   4    14  34 Northamptonshire (4)       5  1  1  3   7    11  34 Worcestershire (2)         5  0  1  4  13    15  28 Kent (8)                   5  0  3  2   7    17  24 Hampshire (13)             5  0  3  2   9    12  21 Derbyshire (15)            5  0  3  2   5    15  20 Yorkshire (12)             4  0  1  3   8    12  20 Middlesex (1)              4  0  0  4   5    14  19 Glamorgan (3)              5  0  1  4   8    10  18 
French balloonist beats free flight record  LILLE, France, June 6 (AFP)  French balloonist Vincent Leys beat the free flight world record Monday when he landed in Koblenz, western Germany, 13 hours and 55 minutes after leaving Bondues, near the northern French town of Lille.
But she stressed that no plans had yet been made, and that Christopher's return to the Middle East "also might come sometime after that."
A Jordanian source said that Israel and Jordan would discuss a dispute over their common border in the talks, which resumed after a three- month hiatus.
Bosnian government unveils truce plan as peace talks resume by Jean-Michel Stoullig  GENEVA, June 6 (AFP)  The Bosnian government presented a detailed ceasefire plan as peace talks resumed Monday after an agonizing four-day delay, and the UN special envoy said a truce accord was possible within 24 hours.
The discussions got back on track after Bosnian Serb forces caved in to international pressure and pulled the last of their troops out of a UN-declared exclusion zone around the mainly Moslem town of Gorazde in eastern Bosnia.
The Serbs now control 70 percent after two years of the worst fighting in Europe since World War II and a brutal campaign of "ethnic cleansing."
Akashi had on Sunday cancelled attempts to hold the talks after the four days of frustrating delay and frantic shuttle diplomacy in the dispute over Gorazde, but then gave the factions one more chance Monday.
Latvian foreign minister resigns over KBG affair  MOSCOW, June 6 (AFP)  Latvian Foreign Minister Georgs Andrejevs resigned Monday after admitting he had contacts with the KGB during the Soviet era, ITAR- TASS reported.
Andrejevs also stepped down as a member of parliament after handing in his resignation to Prime Minister Valdis Birkavs.
Parliament suspended his mandate in April after his name was found in KGB documents belonging to former secret service agents.
   News agenda for Tuesday June 7     PARIS:         US President Bill Clinton addresses the                    French National Assembly after meetings with                    President Francois Mitterrand and Prime Minister                    Edouard Balladur.
At one point US General Omar Bradley considered abandoning the landing, but his troops finally broke through by midday after attacking at dawn.
Japan is Stryker's largest customer after the United States.
Seven weeks to the day after his world record Test innings of 375 against England in Antigua, Lara overhauled the record of 499 runs set by  Pakistan's Hanif Mohammad's for Karachi 35 years ago.
But just as he was after demolishing the England attack, Lara kept both feet firmly on the ground.
Puerto Rico Governor Pedro Rossello and Mississippi Governor Kirk Fordice are hosting the summit that comes two years after the Southern Governors Conference and Central American leaders signed a declaration of commitment to closer economic ties.
"We are studying the Russian proposal with interest," Kim Young-Nam, here on a three-day visit, told a press conference after meeting with his Ukrainian counterpart, Anatoly Zlenko.
Washington said it would seek UN sanctions after the International Atomic Energy Agency reported last week it could no long guarantee that North Korea was not diverting nuclear material for military purposes.
(BIRMINGHAM) Lara, dropped by wicket-keeper Chris Scott off Simon Brown on Friday after scoring just 18, hit a total of ten sixes as well as the 62 fours.
Yet he only came to play for Warwickshire as their overseas player this season after the Indian test player Prabhakar had to pull out through injury.
Since the liberation of the emirate in February 1991, after seven months of occupation, more than 260 people have been found guilty of collaborating with the Iraqis.
Sun bursts through as Clinton salutes D-Day veterans by Christian Chaise  COLEVILLE-SUR-MER, France, June 6 (AFP)  The sun finally burst through over Normandy's beaches late Monday as a host of D-Day ceremonies drew to a close after US President Bill Clinton warmly saluted scores of veterans present.
"The letter does not given any commitment about Palestinian institutions established in the city after the signing" of the autonomy agreement for Jericho and Gaza last September, he told reporters.
The official said the missive was intended to remain secret but after Arafat and other Palestinians alluded to written pledges on Jerusalem the decision was taken to release the contents.
                   DDay,roundup                    700 words moved                    by Geoffrey Varley     COLEVILLE-SUR-MER,        France:     The sun bursts through over Normandy's                    beaches as a host of D-Day ceremonies draw                    to a close after US President Bill Clinton                    warmly salutes scores of veterans present.
Graphic                    by Laurence Peter     KIGALI:        Rwandan government troops launch their                    first major counter-offensive against rebels                    assaulting the capital, further cut off from                    the world after shelling of the airport.
Wall Street closes down 0.1 percent  NEW YORK, June 6 (AFP)  Share prices on Wall Street closed slightly down on Monday after a day of quiet trading in which it was unable to maintain gains made following a drop in long-term interest rates.
Peace talks resumed earlier in the day in Geneva after a four-day delay.
Speaking after his return from political negotiations held Saturday in Geneva, Silazdic said the group and the Moslem side were still at odds "in particular over certain solutions proposed for eastern Bosnia".
The Geneva discussions finally got back on track after Bosnian Serb forces caved in to international pressure and pulled the last of their troops out of a UN exclusion zone around the mainly Moslem town of Gorazde in eastern Bosnia.
"This is bad for the World Cup," Greek coach Alkis Panagoulias said after discovering the thefts.
Guns fall silent in Yemen ceasefire  ADEN, Yemen, June 7 (AFP)  Guns fell silent on fronts near Aden early Tuesday shortly after a ceasefire proclaimed by the Yemen government came into force at midnight (2100 GMT), correspondents in the southern city said.
No artillery fire could be heard in Aden in the 30 minutes after midnight, although firing went on unabated right up to the ceasefire deadline.
The eight people arrested Sunday after 15 federal agents raided a ranch near the village of Guarai in southern Brazil were members of the huge Colombian Cali drug cartel, police said.
Danish technicians quit Algeria after rape  ALGIERS, June 6 (AFP)  Danish technicians building a cement factory at Tebessa in eastern Algeria have opted to pull out after the mass rape of a woman colleague, the newspaper Al-Massa reported Monday.
The others left Algeria after Islamic fundamentalists threatened to kill foreigners, the paper said.
Denmark moved its embassy to Tunis five months ago shortly after Islamic militants told foreigners to get out of Algeria or face "sudden death".
Endara won a 1989 presidential election in Panama but was not able to take office until after Noriega was removed from power by a US invasion in December of that year.
Correspondents in the southern separatist bastion said no artillery fire had been heard in the 30 minutes after midnight local time (2100 GMT) although the firing had gone on unabated right up to the deadline.
The ceasefire call came a day after a meeting of the six Gulf monarchies who form the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC), five of which implicitly recognised the Yemen Democratic Republic proclaimed by southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid.
Meanwhile in Aden, the capital of formerly Marxist South Yemen, hundreds of people wandered the streets Monday in search of water after northern forces bombed a pumping station at Bir Nasser a few kilometers (miles) outside the city.
Mitterrand spoke after June 6, 1944 adresses by Supreme Allied Commander Dwight Eisenhower and de Gaulle were broadcast across the sand.
Border dispute discussed at Israel/Jordan talks  WASHINGTON, June 6 (AFP)  Israel and Jordan again took up the sticky topic of where their borders are on Monday in the first of two days of talks here after a three-month hiatus, a Jordanian source said.
But she stressed that no plans had yet been made, and that Christopher's return to the Middle East "also might come sometime after that."
Jordan announced the new Washington talks over the weekend after a halt since the February mosque massacre by an Israeli settlers in Hebron.
Washington announced it would seek international sanctions against North Korea last week after the IAEA declared that it was no longer possible to determine whether Pyongyang had diverted weapons-grade plutonium from a nuclear facility to a bomb program.
"Fifty years after the Nazi holocaust and 50 years after Italy's liberation from fascism, it is obscene that President Clinton should be sitting down to eat with the leaders of Italy's Nazi MSI...
Correspondents in the southern  separatist bastion said no artillery fire had been heard in the 30 minutes  after midnight local time although the firing had gone on unabated right up to  the deadline.
(AFP)     WASHINGTON: Israel and Jordan resumed talks in Washington after a  three-month suspension triggered by the massacre of Palestinians at a Hebron  mosque.
Peace talks resumed earlier in the day in Geneva after a  four-day delay.
(AFP)     MOSCOW: Latvian Foreign Minister Georgs Andrejevs resigned after admitting  he had contacts with the KGB during the Soviet era, ITAR-TASS reported.
 Parliament had suspended his mandate in April after his name was found in KGB  documents belonging to former secret service agents.
The de Villiers surge has replaced the "Sarajevo list" in the public eye after the philosophers and intellectuals who presented it fell out over its usefulness, some of them fearing their bid to focus attention on the horrors of the war in Bosnia would take votes from the socialists, led by former prime minister Michel Rocard.
Italy goes to the polls on June 12, barely two and a half months after a national election that captivated the country and marked a dramatic end to traditional Italian poltical practice.
Probe ordered into bitter sugar controversy by Anil Penna  NEW DELHI, June 7 (AFP)  Indians are witnessing a bitter controversy over sugar imports after a fall in local production forced a sharp rise in the commodity's price in the world market and in retail outlets here.
Sugar traders profited to the tune of 500 million dollars at the expense of hapless consumers after hoarding the commodity, triggering severe shortages and sharply hiking its price in the open market, Rawat said.
Rawat, head of the public accounts committee, drew parallels to a 1989 sugar scandal which broke out after production fell 1.5 million tonnes from an estimated 10.02 million.
Then too, imports were ordered three months late after world sugar prices had hardened from 350 dollars a tonne to 520 dollars, and contributed to an array of scandals which dethroned the Congress party government of Rajiv Gandhi.
I hope the brightness will expand into overall economy," the agency Director-General Yoshio Terasawa told a press conference after a cabinet meeting Tuesday.
Those under existing contracts with other satellite systems will be required to use the Philippine satellite after the expiration of their contracts, the department said in a statement.
French coach Pierre Berbizier said to play the first game on the tour less than 48 hours after arriving was something his side had to accept.
Berbizier, a former test halfback and captain, who played against the All Blacks in the inaugural World Cup final at Auckland seven years ago, said the French team were very low after their 18-16 test loss to Canada in Ontario at the weekend.
He added he did not think his job as coach was in jeopardy after the defeat in Canada.
French centre Philippe Sella, the most capped test player in the world, will miss the first game of the New Zealand tour after copping a one-game suspension for his ordering off against Canada.
"I believe that Britain should set the running, can set the running, and we should exercise our full weight in the Union," he said after talks with EU finance ministers in Luxembourg.
URGENT  ADEN, Yemen, June 7 (AFP)  A ceasefire declared in the Yemen civil war collapsed Tuesday after six hours, when artillery fire was heard to resume near Aden, the southern capital.
Yemen ceasefire breaks down after six hours  ADEN, Yemen, June 7 (AFP)  A ceasefire declared in the Yemen civil war collapsed Tuesday after six hours, when correspondents heard artillery fire resume near Aden, the southern capital.
The United Nations Security Council called on June 1 for an immediate ceasefire in the civil war which erupted on May 5 between north and south, five years after they were unified.
Marsinah's body was found on May 8, 1993, four days after she had joined co-workers in a protest to demand better wages.
Kakizawa, who is scheduled to have talks with South Korean Foreign Minister Han Sung-Joo on Saturday, said he was still trying to arrange a meeting with Chinese Foreign Minister Qian Qichen after his trip to Seoul.
Hata made the remarks at an emergency meeting after weekend talks between Japan, the United States and South Korea in Washington, calling on the United Nations to take prompt action against Pyongyang.
He went on the attack a day after he was forced to disclose a written pledge to PLO chairman Yasser Arafat to maintain the status quo in the holy city.
A foreign ministry official said the missive was intended to remain secret but after Arafat and other Palestinians alluded to written pledges on Jerusalem the decision was taken to release the contents.
Jerusalem is due to be raised during negotiations on a permament settlement for the Palestinians, which start after two years of autonomy.
Three major rivers in the area overflowed their banks after the temblors flooding several areas.
It was suspended in October after a US warship carrying 200 US and Canadian military experts to retrain Haiti's armed forces and police turned back when confronted by demonstrators on shore.
   (correcting ex-Jakarta)     In Indonesia-murder, please insert after second para x x x They were both  given 12-year sentences, Antara said.
Marsinah's body was found on May 8, 1993, four days after she had joined co-workers in a protest to demand better wages.
The Bangladesh parliament's budget session began Monday but because of the opposition boycott was adjourned after only one hour.
Troops kill about 40 Tamil guerrillas: military  COLOMBO, June 7 (AFP)  Government troops killed about 40 Tamil guerrillas in two separate attacks in northern Sri Lanka, hours after a powerful rebel mine rocked a key naval base in the region, the military claimed Tuesday.
The attacks came just hours after a guerrilla pressure mine exploded on an islet off the Jaffna peninsula, killing at least one sailor and wounding several others, officials said.
Hossein Shahriari, 25, was seized a day after he entered the southern town of Hat Yai from Malaysia and the police said he would be charged with processing illegal explosive substances.
Authorities in Thailand launched a hunt for the two men after they uncovered a gigantic homemade bomb in a truck that had been involved in an accident near the Israeli embassy on March 11.
Coca Cola announced its comeback to the sweltering city of nine million people after a gap of 17 years in an advertisment that told newspaper readers: "The real thing is back."
It heralded a price war after a "bottle battle" forced Pepsi to match larger Coke content.
It stormed Calcutta in March, timing its entry there with a breakdown in the Pepsi bottling plant, after a low-key launch in smaller cities.
Dealers said the rand had strengthened to 3.6150 on Monday after the Reserve (central) Bank intervened, but fell back after local traders resorted to short covering.
The alert was related to uneasiness over North Korea's nuclear program, the National Police Agency (NPA) said after sending a cable message to local police stations.
The irony is that the Civil Air Administration of China (CAAC) had sternly declared 1994 to be "China's Safety Year" after 400 people were killed in air crashes and 10 planes were hijacked in the previous two years.
Shortly after takeoff early Monday, a China Northwest Airlines Tupolev-154 plane fell out of the sky about 30 kilometres (18 miles) southeast of the central city Xian, a popular tourist destination.
The Tupolev-154 which crashed shortly after takeoff from Xian on a flight to Guangzhou, is an old Soviet-designed aircraft with three turbo-jets.
(new series) Northern forces blast Aden as ceasefire collapses by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, Yemen, June 7 (AFP)  Artillery duels erupted between Yemen's northern and southern forces and shells rained down on Aden airport Tuesday as fighting shattered a ceasefire only six hours after it came into force.
The northerners were "lying" and had dispatched columns of tanks to several of the war fronts shortly after the truce was announced, he charged.
The United Nations Security Council called on June 1 for an immediate ceasefire in the civil war which erupted on May 5 between north and south, four years after they were unified.
US President Bill Clinton's administration decided to change its "framework" package deal after learning that its leverage over Japan is limited.
It was the third consecutive fall in the monthly jobless figures, after a year of steady increase to reach a post-war record of four million in January.
The fighting came just hours after an LTTE pressure mine blew up a navy water bowser at the main navy base on the islet of Karainagar, killing one sailor, the statement said without giving further details.
Mitsubishi Estate announced the same week that its earnings after tax tumbled 33 percent to 47.4 billion yen in the same period, projecting a further slide to 35 billion yen in the current year.
Anwar said the purchase, coming after an agreement by Kuala Lumpur in December to buy eight US-made F-18 fighters, was concluded following two years of negotiations by Malaysian and Russian officials whose "patience was stretched to their limits."
The dispute over the islands erupted again in 1992, after lying dormant from 1971, when the UAE accused Iran of annexing the Arab part of Abu Mussa.
The southerners had vowed to retaliate after Aden's oil refinery was bombed on Sunday and storage tanks set ablaze.
Israel mounted the raid less than two weeks after its commandos snatched Moslem fundamentalist guerrilla chief Mustafa Dirani from his home in the Bekaa valley.
Sella will miss the opening game of the French tour of New Zealand on Wednesday after copping a one-match suspension when he received his marching orders for punching in the 53rd minute of an extremely physical game, which Canada won 18-16.
The French touring party arrived in New Zealand on Tuesday for an eight-game tour, three days after Sella was sent off in the international at Ontario.
Civil war erupted between northern forces loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh and his rival Ali Salem al-Baid's on May 5, four years after the conservative North and former Marxist South Yemen were united.
Marco Pastori, a member of the neo-fascist Ordine Nero (Black Order) movement, was arrested Monday after police in Italy and Spain traced him there.
Immediately after the conclusion of the meeting, Russia will sign a cooperation agreement committing the OECD to assist its transition to a market economy.
Kigali airport has been closed since Sunday when it was shelled by government forces just after a UN flight had landed.
Wendlinger goes home to Austria  NICE, June 7 (AFP)  Karl Wendlinger, who fell into a coma after crashing in practice for the Monaco grand prix, returned to Austria on Monday after three weeks in a Nice hospital.
"I hope that Japan will provide strong and sustained fiscal support for recovery," he told reporters after addressing the annual OECD ministerial meeting here.
The central committee was also debating recommendations on the policies to be followed if FRELIMO wins the elections, which are believed to include increasing liberalisation, market economics, and attempting to revive the rural economy after years of civil war.
Dealers are also waiting for the bi-monthly meeting of the Bundesbank's central council on Thursday, but are not expecting a cut in interest rates after the sharp reduction on May 11, when 0.5 percent was knocked off both the discount rate at 4.5 percent and the Lombard rate at six percent.
Paris (33-1) 40.41.45.86     ADEN,     Yemen:         Southern forces try to contain a lightning                    northern advance on Aden as fighting intensifies                    after the collapse of a ceasefire in the Yemeni                    civil war.
    BONN:          Latest figures on the German economy confirm a                    modest upturn after last year's worst                    post-war recession.
Clinton arrived in Paris Monday after nearly a week of D-Day commemorative ceremonies in Normandy, England and Italy.
Israel trapped in a web of lies over Jerusalem by Barry Parker  JERUSALEM, June 7 (AFP)  The Israeli government, after spinning a web of lies, denials and contradictions, found itself in a total mess Tuesday over the question of Jerusalem.
Police Minister Moshe Shahal was fuming after being set up, one of his aides said.
The exposure of Israel's posturing does not augur well for the negotiations on a permanent settlement for the Palestinians, which are due to start after two years of autonomy and inlcude the question of Jersualem.
Anglian Water was down two pence at 486 after announcing a 29 percent cut in annual pre-tax profits and the loss of 900 jobs.
Diya was speaking in the main northern town of Kaduna on Monday, the day a federal high court charged the speaker of the dissolved Senate, Ameh Ebute, and ex-senator Polycarp Nwite, with "conspiracy and treason" after the Senate reconvened and declared the government "illegal".
EU vote factsheet for Netherlands  THE HAGUE, June 7 (AFP) - POPULATION: 15.4 million NUMBER OF VOTERS: 11.7 million HEAD OF STATE: Queen Beatrix (since 1980) GOVERNMENT: currently being formed after legislative elections on May 3 in which the right-wing liberal VVD emerged as the dominant party.
Clinton arrived in Paris Monday after nearly a week of D-Day commemorative ceremonies in Normandy, England and Italy.
Clinton's visit comes as France and the United States have narrowed differences on the war in Bosnia after discord last year and early this year gave rise to sometimes testy exchanges.
The Serbs currently control 70 percent of Bosnia after two years of the worst fighting in Europe since World War II and a brutal campaign of "ethnic cleansing."
Growth and jobless figures confirm modest German upturn  BONN, June 7 (AFP)  Figures for the German economy and the number of jobless, both published Tuesday, tend to confirm a modest upturn after last year's worst-ever post-war recession, analysts said.
This was the third consecutive fall in the monthly jobless figures, after a year of steady increase over 1993 to reach a post-war record of four million in January.
Fundamentalist guerrillas took up arms against the authorities after the January 1992 cancellation of the second round of a general election the now outlawed Islamic Salvation Front (FIS) was poised to win.
Northern forces close in on Aden as ceasefire collapses by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, June 7 (AFP)  Northern Yemeni forces pushed closer to the southern bastion of Aden in a snap offensive on Tuesday and shelled the city's airport as a ceasefire collapsed only six hours after it began.
The northerners were "lying" and had dispatched columns of tanks to several of the war fronts shortly after the truce was announced, he charged.
The UN Security Council called on June 1 for an immediate ceasefire in the civil war which erupted on May 5 between north and south, four years after they were unified.
But in a statement certain to anger the white extremist Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB), Omar said those who committed offences after the December 5, 1993 cut-off date provided in existing laws would not be eligible for amnesty.
    June 7 (AFP) - We will move the following features within the hour:     BAALBEK,     Lebanon:       Young Lebanese traffickers are heading                    for Europe to cash in on a booming drug                    market, two years after the authorities                    set ablaze their hashish and poppy fields                    in Syrian-controlled eastern Lebanon.
                   Vietnam-advertising                    650 words by Robert Templer     ISLAMABAD:     Drinkable water has become the most sought                    after commodity in the Pakistani capital,                    as the authorities struggle to cope with an                    unprecedented water shortage attributed to                    nature and negligence.
Lebanon's drug traffickers conquer new markets in Europe by Nagib Khazzaka  BAALBEK, Lebanon, June 7 (AFP)  Young Lebanese traffickers are heading for Europe to cash in on a booming drug market, two years after the authorities set ablaze their hashish and poppy fields in Syrian-controlled eastern Lebanon.
Shiite Moslem traffickers from the Baalbek region emigrated by the dozens after the government, in cooperation with the Syrian authorities, banned the cultivation of hashish and poppies, the source of heroin, in the region.
Mohammad is also back in business thanks to his nephews who moved to Romania after the ban.
Five years after persuading the government to allow the Communist Party's Youth League to set up that most capitalist of institutions -- an advertising agency -- Cap counts more than two dozen major international firms among his clients.
Pakistan capital hit hard by water crisis by Shah Alam  ISLAMABAD, June 7 (AFP)  Drinkable water has become the most sought after commodity in the Pakistani capital, as the authorities struggle to cope with an unprecedented shortage attributed to nature and negligence.
Veil said after the talks that the two had focused on the planned US health reforms, and on world population, the NAFTA North American Free Trade Area between Canada, Mexico and the United States, and on "promoting women in political life."
Veil said after the talks that the two had focused on the planned US health reforms, and on world population, the NAFTA North American Free Trade Area between Canada, Mexico and the United States, and on "promoting women in political life."
Washington announced last week it would seek international sanctions against North Korea after the IAEA declared that it was no longer possible to determine whether Pyongyang had diverted weapons-grade plutonium from a nuclear facility to a bomb programme.
   Tuesday June 7 (since 0300 GMT)     ADEN: Northern Yemeni forces pushed closer to the southern bastion of Aden  in a snap offensive and shelled the city's airport as a ceasefire collapsed  only six hours after it began.
(AFP)     BONN: New figures for German economic growth and unemployment confirmed a  modest upturn after last year's worst post-war recession.
Formal inquiry launched after storm causes yachting tragedy  AUCKLAND, June 7 (AFP)  Three people are missing feared dead after a fierce tropical storm swept through a yacht race resulting in 12 yachts being abandoned, authorities said here Tuesday.
A truck carrying 25 guards fell into a ravine Monday after the driver lost control of the vehicle in a bend near Ishkashim, General Alexander Savchenko said.
It came after the UN Security Council on Monday launched informal consultations for possible sanctions against North Korea.
The travellers said the situation was "very tense" in Shakardara, 30 kilometers (18 miles) north of Kabul after one of Rabbani's key commanders changed sides and established secret links with the Hezb-i-Islami faction of Prime Minister Gulbuddin Hekmatyar.
Speaking after talks and lunch with the premier, Clinton said, "I reaffirmed the position of the United States that the Security Council must take up this question and consider a sanctions resolution."
"I knew I committed a crime, but I already made up my mind to receive the death penalty here," Zou Weiqiang told airport police after giving himself up late Monday.
The report said Zou had a previous marriage record, and the first wife left him after he abused her.
The two rival governments, which separated after the 1949 civil war, have held four rounds of talks, but they were all bogged down on thorny sovereignty and jurisdiction issues.
They both want to create the right conditions for growth and they want to cut public spending to halt the economic slide after four years of a conservative government.
The site, with a mosaic of King David playing the lute, was discovered on the seafront in 1967 after Israel captured Gaza.
Palestinian sources said soldiers arrested 40 youths after stones were thrown.
The army put the observers under curfew for a couple of days along with the rest of the population last month after a series of shootings.
The evacuation of the children was decided on after some 350 children were taken to Butare from Kigali, Gaillard said.
The Westdeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung warned that half a century after the end of World War II "nationalism, racism, fascism" were not dead.
The plane, which had been hired from a private company, was damaged and all its occupants, including the two crew, travelled back to Lahore by road after "surviving the conspiracy to kill them," the statement said.
Relations between the government and opposition have remained tense and acrimonious since Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto assumed office in October after defeating the PML in the October elections that followed Sharif's resignation.
The visit is to focus on a whole range of bilateral issues and comes after Yeltsin's trip to India in January 1993.
Heroin use in the United States is back in fashion after years of decline, US law enforcement officials say.
Clinton is in Paris for a one-day visit after nearly a week of D-Day commemorative ceremonies in Normandy, England and Italy 
Several minutes after trading opened for the day the greenback was at 1.6690 German marks compared to 1.6705 German marks at Monday's close and at 105.20 yen against 105.30 yen.
opens (AUCKLAND) Philippe Sella, said he was "absolutely devastated" after being sent off.
The Tupolev-154 which crashed shortly after takeoff from Xian on a flight to Guangzhou is an old Soviet-designed aircraft with three turbo-jets at the tail, similar to a Boeing 727.
Earnings per share, after the 60 million pound restructuring charge, were down at 39 pence compared with 56.4 pence.
Several minutes after trading opened, the Dow Jones Index of 30 leading industrials was 2.47 points (0.07 percent) up at 3,770.99 points.
A spokesman for the group said the association was set up after last month's controversy surrounding similar remarks by a cabinet minister which triggered   outrage throughout Asia including official protests from China and South Korea.
Justice Minister Shigeto Nagano, a former general and army chief of staff, was forced to resign after calling the Nanjing massacre a "fabrication" and insisting that Japan had not waged a "war of aggression" half a century ago.
Robert Dunlop is stable in Noble's Hospital after major surgery on his badly broken right arm and leg and Italian ace Baldasere Monti, being treated for head injuries, is also described as stable.
Neukirchen said that after the sale of several subsidiaries, Metallgesellschaft will concentrate on its basic business: trading in metals, special chemicals and industrial installations.
The Israeli military administration regularly bulldozed such illegal construction, even after the signing of the autonomy agreement and predicted the Palestinian authorities would do the same.
The Albanian authorties apparently took the action after Albanian truck drivers had blocked the border because, Jankovic said, they were "unhappy at the changing criteria imposed by Yugoslav customs officials."
After 16 years of civil war that broke out right after independence from Portugal in 1975, a UN-brokered peace agreement was signed in May 1991.
But Angola plunged back into war after UNITA lost UN-supervised general elections held in September 1992 under the terms of the peace accord.
Officials said delegates at the four-day conference would try to overcome obstacles still remaining after three years of talks, so that the treaty can be signed by September.
Northern Yemeni forces on Tuesday pushed closer to the southern bastion of Aden in a snap offensive and shelled the city's airport as a ceasefire collapsed only six hours after it began.
Asked why southern forces should have violated the ceasefire after they had welcomed last week's UN Security Council resolution calling for a ceasefire, Bassandawa charged: "They say one thing and do something else.
Fundamentalist guerrillas took up arms against the authorities after the January 1992 cancellation of the second round of a general election the now outlawed Islamic Salvation Front (FIS) was poised to win.
The site, with a mosaic of King David playing the lute, was discovered on the seafront in 1967 after Israel captured Gaza.
It was back to work again here Monday for the diminutive West Indies left-hander just a day after his latest spectacular feat to become the highest individual scorer in the history of the game.
The 25-year-old Trinidadian turned out for Warwickshire in the Benson and Hedges Cup one-day semi-final at the Oval against Surrey just a few hours after completing his epic 501 not out against Durham at Edgbaston, Birmingham, in the county championship.
In reaching the historic total on Monday, the Lara broke a host of records in an innings played just two months after he captured the world Test run record with 375 for West Indies against England in Antigua.
Tehran and Washington broke diplomatic ties in 1980 after Iranian radical students stormed the US embassy here and took its staff hostage.
The president however added that Iran would consider resuming talks if the United States released billions of dollars in Iranian assets, seized after the 1979 Islamic revolution which toppled the pro-Western shah.
US President Bill Clinton, speaking after talks with Prime Minister Edouard Balladur, said, "I reaffirmed the position of the United States that the Security Council must take up this question and consider a sanctions resolution" against North Korea.
Clinton arrived in Paris Monday after nearly a week of D-Day commemorative ceremonies in Normandy, England and Italy.
On Bosnia, Clinton and Balladur appeared in sync after discord last year and this led to sometimes testy exchanges between officials of their countries.
The Serbs currently control 70 percent of Bosnia after two years of the worst fighting in Europe since World War II and a brutal campaign of "ethnic cleansing."
Israel has pledged in the autonomy accords to start negotiations on a permanent settlement for the Palestinians, including on the question of Jerusalem, after two years of autonomy.
Russian premier hopes to go home soon after medical tests  MAINZ, Germany, June 7 (AFP)  Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin said Tuesday he hoped in a few days to leave the Mainz university clinic where he arrived Sunday for kidney tests and to return soon to Moscow.
"We know from regular complaints made to us that Irish people suffer this abuse day after day," he told a press conference.
Romania prepared to help economically in Palestinian territories  BUCHAREST, June 7 (AFP)  Romania is prepared to participate in the economic reconstruction of the Gaza Strip and Jericho, the Romanian foreign minister said after meeting the head of the PLO's political department Tuesday.
The jury began deliberations Monday after hearing closing arguments alternately portraying Hazelwood as a "respectable man who is being trashed" and as an alcoholic who was drunk on the job the night of March 24, 1989 when the Exxon Valdez ran aground in Prince William Sound.
O'Neill said Hazelwood was an alcoholic who should have been monitored by Exxon after he entered an alcohol treatment center in 1985.
Kigali airport has been closed since Sunday when it was shelled by government forces just after a UN flight had landed.
Dismay in Aden at collapse of ceasefire by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, Yemen, June 7 (AFP)  War-weary residents expressed dismay here Tuesday at the collapse of Yemen's ceasefire which they hoped would bring life back to normal after a month of conflict.
Residents counted on the ceasefire, announced by the north to start at midnight Monday, to bring life back to normal -- but it collapsed after just six hours.
Aden was left without drinking water three days ago after northern troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh shelled a pumping station at Bir Nasser, 15 kilometers (nine miles) from the city.
The pumping station was shelled again in a dawn attack after the short-lived ceasefire, said the southern authorities, who traded blame with Sanaa for the renewed fighting.
Electricity supplies were working normally after the power cuts of previous days.
Storage tanks at the south's only oil refinery at Little Aden just outside the city continued to burn, two days after they were hit in northern air raids.
Vodafone said the results for the year to March 1995 are expected to show continuing growth after further start-up costs of around 80 million pounds.
Attas, on a two-day visit to Cairo, spoke after the collapse of a truce announced unilaterally by northern authorities in Sanaa which came into force at midnight Monday (2100 GMT).
Attas left Cairo on Tuesday after meeting Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and the secretary general of the Arab League Esmat Abdel Meguid.
"We have decided to reset the meeting for tomorrow because the union would like to consult their members on certain points being considered which we hope could result in the lifting of the picket line," Rayala told AFP after a seven-hour meeting.
URGENT  BOGOTA, June 7 (AFP)  At least 500 people were missing after a landslide swept down on the town of Toes,the governor of the southern province of Huila said Tuesday.
The son of a West Country miner, after making good at Oxford and working briefly as a journalist, Potter opted for television drama, relentlessly ploughing the furrows of his early experiences: the traumas of childhood, the power of fantasy, the betrayal of parents by their children, or vice versa, were recurrent themes in his work.
500 people missing after Colombian earthquake  BOGOTA, June 7 (AFP)  At least 500 people were missing after a landslide swept down on the town of Toes in the southern province of Huila, the governor said Tuesday.
Although the rise in OECD jobless rates picked up momentum, especially in Europe, after the US recession early in the 1980s, it was the first time that OECD ministers have placed unemployment at the top of their list of priorities.
North closes in on Aden as truce crumbles ahead of UN peace bid by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, June 7 (AFP)  Northern Yemeni troops edged closer to the south's bastion of Aden and shelled its airport on Tuesday as UN chief Boutros Boutros-Ghali urged a new ceasefire after a truce which lasted just six hours.
Aden was left without drinking water three days ago after northern troops shelled a pumping station at Bir Nasser, 15 kilometers (nine miles) from the city.
Six storage tanks at the south's only oil refinery at Little Aden just outside the city continued to burn Tuesday, two days after northern air raids.
But the deputies eventually complied with the move after intervention by party leader Gianfranco Fini.
Only Kuwait's revenues went up in 1993 due to an increase in its production after the repair of its war-damaged oil sector, OAPEC said.
On Bosnia, Clinton and Balladur appeared in tandem after discord last year that led to sometimes testy exchanges between officials of their countries.
The dollar stood at 1.67 marks against 1.6670 Monday after having spent the day in a narrow range between 1.6660 and 1.6742 marks.
Ganic reinterated after a separate morning meeting with Akashi that four weeks would be sufficient to "accomplish everything" on the political front.
The association said that, while the police that same evening released some 50 German extremists whom they had briefly arrested after the violence, foreigners were detained all night.
URGENT  BOGOTA, June 7 (AFP)  At least 65 people were killed and hundreds were missing after a landslide triggered by earthquakes Monday swept through southwestern Colombia, officials said Tuesday.
The Lampre rider won the 200km 17th stage after slipping away from a five-man breakaway group 2.5km from the finish.
Christopher made his remarks in a US television interview from Paris amid reports that Israel and Syria had reached agreement in principle on an Israeli pullout from the Golan after 27 years of occupation.
The State Department suggested Monday that Christopher could travel to the Middle East after his European swing, which winds up with a NATO foreign ministers meeting in Istanbul on Thursday and Friday.
Sources in the Jordanian parliament reported earlier Tuesday that Syria and Israel were ready to resume talks, with the United States as an intermediary, after agreeing in principal on the Israeli pullout from the Golan.
At least 65 killed in Colombian earthquake  BOGOTA, June 7 (AFP)  At least 65 people were confirmed killed and hundreds were missing after a landslide triggered by an earthquake Monday swept through southwestern Colombia, officials said Tuesday.
President Robert Mugabe ordered the cancellation of the leases after it was revealed that some farms designated for the resettlement of peasants had instead been leased to prominent black officials, including Education Minister Witness Mangwende.
The Israeli military administration regularly bulldozed such illegal construction, even after the signing of the autonomy agreement, and predicted the Palestinian authorities would do the same.
Parliamentary speaker Husamettin Cindoruk said after a two-hour meeting with party leaders in the legislature that the changes would ensure that "the Turkish constitution will take on a democratic aspect prior to the beginning of the parliamentary recess," later this month.
Wang, recently released after four-and-a-half years in prison, said he wanted, together with other opposition movements, to try to bring the present Chinese leadership round to a reform course.
Schneider head freed on bail  BRUSSELS, June 7 (AFP)  French industrialist Didier Pineau-Valencienne was freed on bail of 15 million Belgian frances (some 410,000 dollars) late Tuesday after almost 12 days in custody on fraud charges, a Belgian public prosecutor's spokesman said.
IAEA insists on need to inspect Pyongyang nuke sites  VIENNA, June 7 (AFP)  The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) insisted late Tuesday on the need to inspect two suspect nuclear sites in North Korea, after a senior Pyongyang diplomat said the Stalinist state will "never" allow such monitoring.
IAEA director general Hans Blix said "only after access to the sites is secured and independent verification has taken place can it be determined whether they are indeed non-nuclear -- as the DPRK (North Korea) claims -- or nuclear-related."
Police arrested a man Monday after the girl complained, a spokesman said.
She said: "We were up above the clouds about 13,500 feet and after a while I started to get really tired.
Lorry drivers evacuated after Chunnel train breaks down  LONDON, June 7 (AFP)  Lorry drivers were evacuated from the Channel tunnel Tuesday after a train carrying trucks through it broke down half way through, a Eurotunnel spokeswoman said.
The agreement came after two days of talks here which US special Middle East coordinator Dennis Ross described as "a very productive and very useful meeting."
She said: "We were up above the clouds about 13,500 feet and after a while I started to get really tired.
Russia is to sign a similar agreement with the OECD after the end of the ministerial meeting here Wednesday.
The 31-year-old, the first Briton to win a top-flight tournament since 1977 after triumphing at Seoul two months ago, beat the triple Wimbledon winner 7-5 7-6 (10/8) in the second-round encounter.
Becker was always a vulnerable opponent after he pulled out of the French Open at the 11th hour a fortnight ago with a back injury and then having his grass court practice last week seriously disrupted by the weather.
At least 65 killed in Colombian earthquake  BOGOTA, June 7 (AFP)  At least 65 people were confirmed dead and hundreds were missing after a landslide triggered by an earthquake Monday swept through southwestern Colombia, officials said Tuesday.
Lorry drivers evacuated after Chunnel train breaks down  LONDON, June 7 (AFP)  Lorry drivers were evacuated from the Channel Tunnel Tuesday after a train carrying 10 trucks through it broke down half way across, a Eurotunnel spokeswoman said.
The truck drivers were evacuated to the French end of the tunnel after a two-hour wait, she added.
The agreement came after two days of talks here which US special Middle East coordinator Dennis Ross described as "a very productive and very useful meeting."
He refused to comment on whether Secretary of State Warren Christopher would go on to the Middle East after attending a NATO meeting in Istanbul at the end of the week.
The State Department said Monday that a Middle East trip after Istanbul had not been ruled out.
The record-breaking Trinidadian blasted 70 off just 73 balls after going in at number six to steer Warwickshire to a four-wicket victory against team-of-the-season Surrey.
Earlier in the day the 25-year-old left-hander had trudged wearily from the field after 45 overs Surrey's innings, which eventually reached 267-7.
Warwickshire physio Stuart Nottingham revealed Lara was exhausted by fielding again just a few hours after his epic 501 not out at Edgbaston on Monday.
Lara did not re-appear until Warwickshire had struggled to 120-4 in the 25th over and Paul Smith had been dismissed just after tea.
Clinton endorsed a UN-proposed four-month ceasefire for Bosnia and, after months of resisting a specific territorial division of the republic, said a new blueprint based on a near even split of land was "the basis of a full and final cessation of hostilities."
The plane, a Lockheed C-130, was located early Tuesday afternoon and forced to land at Sochi airport on the Black Sea after penetrating 80 kilometres (50 miles) into Russian airspace and failing to respond to messages, the Interfax agency quoted the ministry as saying.
Russia allow forced down US plane to take off  WASHINGTON, June 7 (AFP)  A US plane detained at a Black Sea resort on Tuesday after being forced to land by two Russian jet fighters has been allowed to take off and continue its journey said a US government official.
The plane, a Lockheed C-130, was forced to land at Sochi airport on the Black Sea Tuesday afternoon after penetrating 80 kilometres (50 miles) into Russian airspace and failing to respond to messages, the Interfax agency quoted the ministry as saying.
McDonald's to withdraw bags carrying Koran inscription after Saudi protest  LONDON, June 7 (AFP)  Burger giant McDonald's Tuesday agreed to phase out promotional wrappings carrying an inscription from the Koran, following protests from the Saudi Embassy in London and from Islamic groups.
McDonald's said it would phase out the Saudi wrappings after protests, including a letter from Saudi ambassador Ghazi Algosaibi asking for the withdrawal of the bags.
French industrialist Pineau-Valencienne freed on bail  BRUSSELS, June 7 (AFP)  French industrialist Didier Pineau-Valencienne was freed on bail of 15 million Belgian frances (some 410,000 dollars) late Tuesday after almost 12 days in custody on fraud charges, a Belgian public prosecutor's spokesman said.
Rodber sees red in England brawl  PORT ELIZABETH, South Africa, June 7 (AFP)  England flanker Tim Rodber was sent off for retaliation after a violent 31-13 victory over Eastern Province here on Tuesday.
England also suffered injuries to prop Graham Rowntree, who was left dazed after another clash, and full back Jonathan Callard, who left the field with badly bleeding head wounds.
The plane, a Lockheed C-130, was forced to land at Adlera airport in the Black Sea resort of Sochi Tuesday afternoon after penetrating 80 kilometres (50 miles) into Russian airspace and failing to respond to messages, the Interfax agency quoted the ministry as saying.
(new series) Nigerian former senators to come out of hiding  LAGOS, June 7 (AFP)  Former senators who went into hiding after criticising Nigeria's military regime, indicated Tuesday they would surrender within 48 hours.
He expressed the hope that former members of the dissolved house of representatives, also sought for opposing the November takeover of General Sani Abacha, would surrender themselves to the security agents after the senators have done so.
Rodber sees red in England brawl  PORT ELIZABETH, South Africa, June 7 (AFP)  England flanker Tim Rodber was sent off for retaliation after a violent 31-13 victory over Eastern Province here on Tuesday.
Eastern Province's Simon Tremaine was also sent off, while England suffered injuries to prop Graham Rowntree, who was left dazed after another clash, and full back Jonathan Callard, who left the field with badly bleeding head wounds that needed over 20 stitches.
Rodber had come onto the field as a replacement for injured eigthman Dean Ryan after 13 minutes.
Tensions began rising after Pyongyang refused to allow International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) inspectors to monitor the removal of nuclear fuel rods in nuclear power plants to ensure that spent fuel was not being diverted to be used to make nuclear weapons.
But in a statement certain to anger the white extremist Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB), Omar said those who committed offences after the December 5, 1993, cut-off date provided in existing laws would not be eligible for amnesty.
Teitelbaum, head of the sect named after a Romanian town where its founder was born, has an annual budget of 75 million dollars.
The accord was suspended in October after a US warship carrying 200 US and Canadian military experts to retrain Haiti's armed forces and police turned back when confronted by demonstrators on shore.
Aristide proposed Monday that the trainers be sent to Haiti after the military leaves power and constitutional president is restored.
"Only after access to the sites is secured and independent verification has taken place can it be determined whether they are indeed non-nuclear -- as the DPRK (North Korea) claims -- or nuclear- related," said IAEA director general Hans Blix.
The agreement came after two days of talks here which US special Middle East coordinator Dennis Ross described as "a very productive and very useful meeting."
Tuesday's agreement was "a positive step on a pathway that is moving us in a direction in which we all want to go," Ross said He refused to comment on whether Secretary of State Warren Christopher would go on to the Middle East after attending a NATO meeting in Istanbul at the end of the week.
The State Department said Monday that a Middle East trip after Istanbul had not been ruled out.
The plane, a civilian version of the Lockheed C-130 Hercules, was forced to land at Adler (eds: correct) airport in the Black Sea resort of Sochi Tuesday afternoon after penetrating 80 kilometres (50 miles) into Russian airspace and failing to respond to messages, the Interfax agency quoted the ministry as saying.
Anatoly Adamishin, the first vice minister for foreign affairs, lodged a protest with Moscow's US ambassador Thomas Pickering after he was summoned to the foreign ministry, Russian media said.
Text of Israeli-Jordan agreement  WASHINGTON, June 7 (AFP)  The full text of the joint statement issued Tuesday after a two-day meeting here of the US-Jordanian-Israeli Trilateral Economic Committee: The fourth meeting of the US-Jordanian-Israeli Trilateral Economic Committee was held in Washington on June 6-7, 1994.
Clinton endorsed a UN-proposed four-month ceasefire for Bosnia and, after months of resisting a specific territorial division of the republic, said a new blueprint based on a near even split of land was "the basis of a full and final cessation of hostilities."
Clinton, who had earlier gone jogging for half an hour through the streets of central Paris, paid a midnight visit after the banquet to the Louvre art gallery and museum with his wife Hillary at Mitterrand's invitation.
Soldiers shoot Palestinian in Gaza Strip  RAFAH, Gaza Strip, June 8 (AFP)  A Palestinian was shot and badly wounded Tuesday by an Israeli army patrol which penetrated into the autonomous Gaza Strip after being stoned, eyewitnesses said.
(new series) Train blocked in Channel tunnel after breakdown warning  COQUELLES, France, June 8 (AFP)  A freight train carrying 10 lorries from England to France was blocked for two hours in the Channel tunnel Tuesday evening after a technical failure, tunnel authorities said.
Mandela was speaking Tuesday shortly after the Justice Ministry announced an amnesty would be considered for all those who committed political offences before December 5 last year, on condition they first confessed fully before a soon-to-be-established Truth Commission.
But Pobjeda quoted Jankovic as saying that the Albanian authorities apparently took the action after Albanian truck drivers had blocked the border because they were "unhappy at the changing criteria imposed by Yugoslav customs officials."
At least 65 killed in Colombian earthquake by Andre Birukoff  BOGOTA, June 7 (AFP)  At least 65 people were confirmed dead and hundreds were missing after a landslide of mud, stone and debris wiped out two towns in southwestern Colombia Monday, officials said Tuesday.
The villages of Toez and Irlanda were nearly totally destroyed after an earthquake -- which measured six on the open-ended Richter scale -- set off a series of landslides off the Nevado de Huila volcano along the Paez river.
It came after the UN Security Council on Monday launched informal consultations for possible sanctions against North Korea.
Rwanda creates split at OAU parley by Marc Hutten  TUNIS, June 8 (AFP)  Rwanda shot back to the top of the OAU agenda in Tunis Tuesday after being briefly eclipsed the previous day by South Africa, amid a widening split between French and English-speaking countries over who represents the war-torn country.
Normandy veteran dies of D-Day wounds 50 years on: inquest  LONDON, June 8 (AFP)  A Normandy hero died from mortar wounds inflicted during the D-Day invasion of France, almost 50 years after he suffered them, a coroner's inquest in southern England heard Tuesday.
The coroner's inquest was held the day after massive ceremonies in Britain and Normandy to commmemorate the 50th anniversary of the D-Day landings on June 6, 1944.
(AFP)     ADEN: Northern Yemen's troops edged closer to the south's bastion of Aden  and shelled its airport as UN chief Boutros Boutros-Ghali urged a new  ceasefire after a truce which lasted just six hours.
(AFP)     BOGOTA: At least 65 people were killed and hundreds were missing after a  landslide of mud, stone and debris wiped out two towns in southwestern  Colombia.
The villages of Toez and Irlanda were nearly totally destroyed after  an earthquake measuring 6.0 on the open-ended Richter scale set off a series  of landslides off the Nevado de Huila volcano along the Paez river.
They were speaking after a meeting with Milan Martic, head of the self-proclaimed Serb republic of Krajina, who said next week's talks would cover the question of economic ties between the province and the rest of Croatia.
But such mouth-watering growth figures are still out of the reach of most foreign insurers who, under current regulations, must wait three years after setting up a representative office in China for a business licence.
AIG established its operations in Shanghai in 1992 after years of investing capital in the city, and its office here reportedly sold 10,000 policies last month, a huge increase over its average monthly sales of 2,500 life insurance policies last year.
In the Netherlands, the 11 million voters are somewhat vote-weary after municipal polls in March and legislative elections in May.
Political debate has mainly centred on finding a successor to Prime Minister Ruud Lubbers after his election defeat while at the European level the issue is about Lubbers' chances of replacing Jacques Delors as president of the European Commission despite the reticence of Paris and Bonn.
Anti-royalist aerosol sprayer sent to jail for Prince Charles attack  AUCKLAND, June 8 (AFP)  A Croatian convicted of spraying aerosol air freshener at Britain's Prince Charles was jailed Wednesday after he refused to pay a fine.
Sam Bracanov, 58, was fined 1,000 NZ dollars (590 US dollars) by Judge Michael Hobbs after he was convicted for disorderly behaviour likely to cause violence.
After some confused discussion and raised voices outside the court and at the counter of the court fines office, Bracanov was led away by police after he refused to pay the fine.
Finally, some time after 1:00 a.m., Mitterrand decided it was time to wind up the touro.
In Washington, meanwhile, US officials said a Western Hemispheric peacekeeping force is being prepared for Haiti to maintain order after military leaders step down.
The accord was suspended in October after a US warship carrying 200 US and Canadian military experts to retrain Haiti's armed forces and police turned back when confronted by demonstrators on shore.
Justice Minister Luc Toussaint, a member of the army-backed regime with no recognition outside Haiti, said after Malval's comments, "The duty of the justice department is to go immediately and arrest this traitor."
He was seized after he unveiled a new human rights organisation to mark the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown.
Supreme Court lawyers, women's groups back feminist writer by Nadeem Qadir  DHAKA, June 8 (AFP)  Bangladesh Supreme Court lawyers and national women's groups Wednesday called on the government to withdraw charges against feminist writer Taslima Nasreen, who went into hiding after being charged with "outraging" the religious feelings of Moslems.
The group is a recent offshoot of the Moro National Liberation Front, which is now engaged in peace talks with the government after a failed separatist uprising in the early 1970s.
Cabin crew and passengers overpowered the man after he began splashing petrol out of a shampoo bottle by the door to the cockpit shortly after the plane took off from Batam airport on May 26, the Tuoi Tre newspaper said.
Most of the boat people have been refused refugee status after a interview process that marked them out as economic migrants rather than those fleeing political persecution.
Floods, rains kill 15 in southern state  NEW DELHI, June 8 (AFP)  Flash floods after heavy rain have killed 15 people and caused widespread damage to homes and crops in the southern Indian state of Kerala, a newspaper reported on Wednesday.
"Zionism has caused terrible blood-letting," the white-bearded rabbi Moshe Teitelbaum said late in the evening after arriving from his power base in New York on Tuesday.
Canberra pressed on espionage "crisis" after agents are sacked (RECASTS with extra information about security lapses by Jack Taylor  SYDNEY, June 8 (AFP)  Canberra was under mounting pressure Wednesday to answer charges its counter-intelligence service was in "a state of crisis" amid claims it had been forced to sack three more agents for alleged spying.
The Australian intelligence operations are now the subject of two major inquiries after a series of embarrassing episodes in the last year, including the arrest of ASIO officer George Sadil and the expulsion of six Russian diplomats for alleged spying.
Aldred has also asked Canberra to explain why former Soviet spy Valeriy Zemskov was allowed to enter Australia after it was informed he had been exposed to British intelligence by Soviet defector Oleg Gordievsky as a member of the elite KGB "special reserve."
Hundreds feared dead after quake, landslides  BOGOTA, June 8 (AFP)  Hundreds of people were missing and feared dead Wednesday after landslides prompted by Columbia's worst earthquake in almost 40 years wiped out two towns in the southwest of the country.
The villages of Toez and Irlanda were nearly totally destroyed Monday after an earthquake measuring six on the open-ended Richter scale set off a series of landslides off the Nevado de Huila volcano along the Paez river.
Israeli warplanes carried out reconnaissance flights over the Bekaa overnight Monday, less than a week after killing 32 guerrillas in a devastating raid on a Hezbollah training camp in the region.
Israel mounted the raid less than two weeks after its commandos snatched Moslem fundamentalist guerrilla chief Mustafa Dirani from his home in the Bekaa Valley to obtain information on missing Israeli airman Ron Arad.
The helicopter, on a routine flight in the Neelam valley of the Azad (Free) Kashmir, crashed after apparently developing technical problems near the border with the Indian-held zone on Tuesday, the sources said.
The fact that the State Department report attacking China was published 10 days after those deaths was "an irony of the first magnitude," the article said.
The advertisement came two days after the Israeli army settled 13 million dollars of electricity debts on the Gaza Strip.
Parents aged 20 to 30 spend about two hours with their families on a daily basis, the report by the private group Citizen Watch said after polling 420 office workers in Tokyo, Osaka, Kyoto and Kobe.
His arrival in the Chinese capital came 24 hours after the highest- level North Korean military mission to visit Beijing since 1992 arrived for week-long consultations with their Chinese counterparts.
Han, who originally was to have returned home Wednesday after a series of meetings with UN Security Council members over economic sanctions against Pyongyang over the nuclear standoff, was scheduled to meet Wednesday and Thursday with his Chinese counterpart, Qian Qichen and other senior officials.
China annexed Tibet in 1959 after suppressing a separatist movement.
Emperor Akihito to visit US amid Pearl Harbor furore by Shingo Ito  TOKYO, June 8 (AFP)  Emperor Akihito of Japan is to fly to the United States on Friday for a 17-day visit, aware that nearly half a century after World War II, historical wounds between the two former enemies remain unhealed.
Nasreen, a 32-year-old former doctor, faces arrest after being quoted by an Indian newspaper as saying that the Koran should be "thoroughly reviewed."
She went into hiding after being accused of "intent to deliberately and maliciously outrage the religious feelings of Moslems" by the authorities.
The win put USA in command of Group One after Tuesday's 88-70 demolition of hosts Australia.
Canada, all but out of medal contention after going down 66-63 to Slovakia Tuesday, began poorly and were never a show against the relentless Americans.
Earlier, Biosotis Frometa came off the bench to lift Cuba to a crucial 68-65 win over Spain in Group Two after coming from behind 40-27 at halftime.
The French almost have their backs to the wall after last weekend's surprise loss to Canada.
"The toy import issue is frankly a disgrace," Needham told reporters a day after London upped the ante by launching legal action against the European Union to overturn the 1994 quotas.
The reorganization aims to reduce the railways' work force by 17 percent by 1998, in a bid to keep the company competitive after privatisation scheduled for the year 2000.
The German central bank has this year gradually reduced its so-called repo rate, regarded as the third base interest rate after the discount and Lombard rates.
The gunman disappeared into the crowd after the attack, police spokesman Colonel Eugene Opperman said.
More than 3,000 people are estimated to have been killed in battles between armed gangs and security forces and in terrorist attacks, which began after the army in January 1992 cancelled a general election the now outlawed Islamic Salvation Front was poised to win.
"We are willing to consider any formula perhaps not as ambitious as the one we would have liked to have adopted," Akashi said ahead of the talks Wednesday, after several hours of fruitless negotiations with the two sides Tuesday.
Rangers closing in on Stanley Cup  VANCOUVER, Canada, June 8 (AFP)  The New York Rangers look set to win ice hockey's Stanley Cup for the first time since 1940 after chalking up another victory over the Vancouver Canucks.
The Canadians came out firing on all cylinders and were 2-0 up in the first period after goals from Trevor Linden and Cliff Ronning.
The final period was finely balanced, but the more disciplined Rangers went ahead through Alexei Kovaliev and then Steve Larmer wrapped the match up after a goalkeeping blunder by Vancouver's Kirk McLean.
Canizales still the best  SOUTH PADRE ISLAND, Texas, June 8 (AFP)  American fighter Orlando Canizales kept his IBF bantamweight crown here on Tuesday night after knocking out Filipino challenger Rolando Bohol in the fifth round.
Dollar falls across the board after Kantor's comments  LONDON, June 8 (AFP)  The dollar was weaker against the main European currencies on Wednesday morning, after comments Tuesday by US Trade Representative Mickey Kantor warning that the US might use its trade laws if framework talks fail to open Japanese markets.
40 presumed drowned off Mozambican coast  MAPUTO, June 8 (AFP)  Forty people were missing, presumed drowned off Mozambique's Indian Ocean coast after their boat capsized last Friday near the northern port of Nacala, state radio said Wednesday.
The rebels, who have the upper hand on the battlefronts, refuse to recognise the all-Hutu interim government formed after president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a suspected rocket attack on his plane on April 6.
They say the increased road traffic in the Alpine valleys will lead to an ecological disaster; they claim the European institutions are undemocratic and say the country runs the risk of being invaded by nuclear plants after the Brussels "dictatorship" overturns an Austrian law prohibiting nuclear energy.
Footsie drops on industrial production figures  LONDON, June 8 (AFP)  London share prices were marginally higher Wednesday morning after British industrial production figures confirmed investor expectations that the next move in British interest rates would be higher rather than lower, dealer said.
By midmorning in London, the FT-SE 100 index of leading shares was up 1.5 points to 3,006.3, shortly after the figures were released, but down from early highs.
In Paris, the CAC 40 index rose 0.26 percent to 2,029.11 points after oscillating earlier.
Northern Foods, rose four pence to 212 after anouncing pre-tax profits at 157.2 million pounds for the year to March -- a 2.6 percent rise on the previous year.
Euro Disney dipped two pence to 413 after executives said in Paris they would set a par value of 10 francs (1.75 dollars) for additional stock offerings of six billion francs (1.05 billion dollars) of stock.
Rhone-Poulenc rose 1.50 percent to 135.50 French francs after dropping 1.3 percent on Tuesday.
Schneider lifted 0.38 percent after its president, Didier Pineau-Valencienne, was released from a Brussels prison on Tuesday evening.
Rodber and Eastern's Simon Tremain were sent off in the 30th minute of the brawling game after a punch-up on the home side's goal line.
Callard, with 25 stitches to the face and head and a swollen right eye after being trampled by an Easterns player during the match, said he came within centimetres of losing an eye.
The pumping station was hit a second time after the ceasefire collapsed, southern forces said.
Clinton leaves Paris for Oxford, England  PARIS, June 8 (AFP)  US President Bill Clinton flew off Wednesday for the university town of Oxford, England, after a busy, whirlwind visit to Paris, after he attended D-Day 50th anniversary ceremonies in Normandy.
The accord was signed immediately after the formal end of the annual OECD ministerial meeting here, which has focused on drawing up a joint strategy for growth and jobs, strengthening the multilateral trading system, and the OECD's role in a rapidly-changing world.
The paperwork is now a formality after Fiorentina accepted a 2.2 million pound offer from Rangers on Tuesday night.
Speaking four days after the South Korean leader ended a visit here devoted to North Korea's refusal to allow international inspection of its nuclear plants, they discussed "possible measures...to regularize the situation" and agreed to make "regular contact on bilateral relations and the situation in the Korean peninsula," the Kremlin press service said in a statement.
The country plunged back into bloody conflict after UNITA lost UN-supervised general elections in September 1992.
Fujimori ends Japan tour, heads for China  TOKYO, June 8 (AFP)  Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori left Tokyo for Beijing Wednesday after a four-day visit during which he sought Japan's support for Peru's bid to join the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum.
Keio's rector, Yasuhiko Torii, presented Fujimori with the honorary degree at the university's main Mita campus, praising his success in bringing stability to Peru after battling its economic woes and political crisis since he took office in July 1990.
(new series) Ferry fire kills 17 in Philippines, 27 still missing  CEBU, Philippines, June 8 (AFP)  At least 17 people were killed, mostly by drowning, after a ferry caught fire in the southeastern Philippines' Leyte Gulf overnight, the coast guard said Wednesday.
More than 16 hours after the fire broke out in the Flo-Succor around midnight Tuesday, 27 of the 204 people listed on board remained unaccounted for, Chief Petty Officer Julian Catimbang told AFP.
A coast guard spokesman in Manila, Commander Felino Elevazo, said the passengers jumped into the pitch-black waters shortly after an explosion in the engine room.
The crew deliberately grounded the ship off Manicani after a fire broke out and swiftly spread to the decks, he added.
The Indonesian banking industry faces criticism from the World Bank after an alleged 430-million-dollar swindle was disclosed at one of the state banks, Indonesian Development Bank (Bapindo), in January.
The union, representing 8,000 mechanics, ticket representatives, caterers and cargo handlers, reached a "temporary agreement" to "defuse the situation" after marathon talks with PAL lawyers and Labor Department mediators late Tuesday, Santos said.
"In its bid to cow down Pakistan to desist from lending a principled and moral and diplomatic support to the Kashmir cause, the neighbouring country was hatching conspiracies one after the other to create internal problems for Pakistan," she added.
Ramos mends fences with Europe after East Timor meeting  MANILA, June 8 (AFP)  President Fidel Ramos, scheduled to visit Europe in September, moved Wednesday to mend relations with France, Portugal and Ireland after Manila's ban on foreign delegates to a controversial conference on East Timor here last week.
Thirty-two were freed about an hour after they were seized.
Their hands were tied up and were made to line up, after which the gunmen opened fire on them.
Soldiers were on the streets of Bhaderwah town after Tuesday's killing of Ruchir Kumar triggered Hindu-Moslem clashes in which a man was killed, officials said.
The gunmen took away Kim and Mackie after releasing the other three.
Tourists began to return to the Kashmir valley this summer after four years during which the picturesque region was transformed from a tourist paradise into a virtual ghost state by Moslem insurgency.
The official detention and investigation papers released to the family were dated June 5, two days after the dissident's arrest, the source said.
He was detained after he unveiled a new human rights organisation to mark the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown.
London stocks up 1.15 percent at noon-hour  LONDON, June 8 (AFP)  London stocks rose firmly during the first half of the Wednesday session in the wake of strong bond and futures markets and after a larger-than-expected increase in British industrial output in April.
                   Burma-capital                    600 words by Michele Cooper     WASHINGTON:    World-renowned cellist and outspoken                    defender of democracy Mstislav Rostropovich                    is leaving Washington's biggest orchestra                    after a farewell concert, possibly to return                    to his much-changed homeland.
Ireland scrape home with final penalty  LISMORE, Australia, June 8 (AFP)  Ireland scraped a 20-18 victory over New South Wales Country here on Wednesday after Alan McGowan kicked home a 51-metre penalty just two minutes from time.
The Irish will take little consolation from their nail-biting victory after the home side ran in three tries to one and dominated territorially.
The Bush Boys started with a fine try after just three minutes to flying winger Michael Sykes.
Ko Lay, who diplomats say has made something of a comeback after allegations of irregularities in the city's finances, takes a proprietary interest in his city.
(picture) Mother Russia beckons for 70-year-old maestro by Stephane Bentura  WASHINGTON, June 8 (AFP)  A world-renowned cellist and outspoken defender of democracy, Mstislav Rostropovich is leaving Washington's biggest orchestra after a farewell concert to possibly return to his much-changed homeland.
The press Wednesday reported the arrests of more senior opposition figures backing calls for an end to military rule, almost a year after the previous junta of General Ibrahim Babangida annulled the presidential poll.
Two of them, including former Senate speaker Ameh Ebute, were charged on Monday with "conspiracy and treason", offences punishable by life imprisonment, after the Senate reconvened last week and declared the junta "illegal".
Saudi diplomat goes into hiding after criticizing Riyadh  NEW YORK, June 8 (AFP)  A Saudi diplomat to the United Nations says he went into hiding in fear of his life after criticizing the current regime in Riyadh.
The diplomat said that he decided to send the letter after he "learned through secret documents ...
Al-Khilewi, identified in a UN personnel report as a first secretary in Saudi Arabia's UN mission, said that within hours after sending the letter, a Saudi Embassy official tried to trick him into flying back to his homeland.
The planes struck in two sorties after guerrillas fired Katyusha rockets into Israel's self-declared "security zone" in south Lebanon.
   Football briefs from AFP on June 8     Fonseca for Roma     ROME: Uruguayan goal ace Daniel Fonseca is leaving Napoli for AS Roma next  season, after signing a four-year contract with the Calcio rivals on Tuesday  night.
Two fighter jets struck in two sorties after guerrillas fired Katyusha rockets into Israel's self-declared "security zone" in south Lebanon.
"Jacques Santkin wanted to demonstrate his attachment to basic democratic values by deliberately arriving after the beginning of the session," his spokesman said.
He said the members of his party "entered the government thanks to the vote of 5.5 million voters after 46 years of democratic opposition."
Train service returning to normal after strike  THE HAGUE, June 8 (AFP)  Train service in the Netherlands began to return to normal Wednesday after a strike by 200 railway workers halted traffic between Amsterdam, The Hague and Rotterdam, as well as the province of Northern Holland, a spokesman for the Dutch national railways said.
The strikers were protesting plans to cut 470 railway jobs as part of a year-old restructuring scheme aimed at reducing the railways' work force by 17 percent, or 4,800 people, by 1998 in a bid to keep the company competitive after privatisation scheduled for the year 2000.
Two fighter jets struck in two sorties after guerrillas fired Katyusha rockets into Israel's self-declared "security zone" in south Lebanon.
He met first with the head of the Bosnian delegation, Bosnian Vice President Ejup Ganic and was due to meet Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic shortly after midday.
There was no immediate Bosnian comment after their talks.
Brosnan, who will be the fifth James Bond after Sean Connery, George Lazenby, Roger Moore and Dalton, agreed to take the role after Mel Gibson reportedly turned it down despite being offered 10 million dollars.
A search through Britain and the United States for the new James Bond began in April after Dalton abandoned the role, saying he wanted "new challenges" after just two films as the redoubtable 007, "The Living Daylights" in 1987, and "License to Kill," in 1988.
Han, who originally was to have returned home Wednesday after the UN meetings in New York, was to meet Wednesday and Thursday with his Chinese counterpart, Qian Qichen, and other senior officials.
His trip to the Chinese capital came 24 hours after the highest-level North Korean military mission to visit Beijing since 1992 arrived for weeklong consultations with their Chinese counterparts.
Aden faces month without ready supply of drinking water by Maher Chmaytelli  BIR NASSER, Yemen, June 8 (AFP)  Residents of Aden will be without drinking water for a month after attacks on a pumping station near the southern city, an official said Wednesday.
Aden's 500,000 inhabitants had been without a ready supply of drinking water for four days Wednesday after northern warplanes attacked Bir Nasser, some 15 kilometers (nine miles) north of the port city, officials here said.
War between the north and the southern forces of rival Ali Salem al- Baid, who declared a breakaway state on May 21, erupted on May 5 after a troubled four-year union between the former Marxist south and conservative north Yemen.
Brown hopes to become the third member of her family, after her father, Pat, and brother, Jerry, to occupy the governor's seat.
Police said the body could be that of Anna MacFall, a young woman who looked after the children of Frederick and Rosemary West, who have been charged with the murders of eleven people, nine of whom were found buried in and around 25 Cromwell Street, Gloucester -- dubbed the House of Horrors by the British press.
Police in General Santos, reached by telephone, told AFP that the bomb, believed to be a home-made device, exploded outside a department store after sunset, destroying the store's facade, killing one woman and injuring at least 28 people, although more may have been hurt.
There were no immediate suspects in the bombing, which came after 15 people being held by Moslem gunmen were gunned down by their captors in Basilan island earlier Wednesday, and the explosion of a car bomb Sunday in the southern city of Zamboanga that destroyed a two-story building and injured 28 people.
Pilot's announcement, after a meeting of Kashmir's police brass, came a day after suspected Afghan guerrillas abducted two Britons, demanding the release of three of their comrades from Indian prison.
The gunmen took away Kim and Mackie after releasing the other three.
Many of the foreigners have reportedly set up bases in Doda after coming under pressure in the Kashmir valley.
The abduction of the Britons comes five days after Allah Tigers, one of the many Moslem separatist groups in Kashmir, asked tourists to quit the Kashmir valley, saying Indian troops might kill them and pin the blame on the rebels.
Tourists had begun returning to the Kashmir valley this summer after four bloody years during which the picturesque region was transformed from a tourist paradise into a virtual ghost state by Moslem insurgency.
Japan retracts statement that nuclear bombs are not illegal  TOKYO, June 8 (AFP)  The Japanese government Wednesday retracted a statement saying that the use of nuclear weapons was not illegal after strong political and public reaction, particularly from atomic bomb victims.
Russia proposes meeting after forced landing of US cargo plane  MOSCOW, June 8 (AFP)  The Russian foreign ministry proposed Wednesday that a joint meeting with US experts be held to shed light on the forced landing late Tuesday of a US cargo plan that violated Russian airspace, Interfax reported.
The plane was allowed to continue its flight to Tbilisi after officials searched the aircraft in Sochi.
Universities reopen after student strikes, arrests  ABIDJAN, June 8 (AFP)  Courses resumed in Ivory Coast's universities on Wednesday after a two-week strike by students over grants and the jailing of activists, which led to the arrest of almost 50 of them.
Twenty-five of these, including FESCI deputy leader Jean Ble Guirao, were freed after presenting their "apologies" to the government in a ceremony shown on national television.
The remainder were released after 48 hours in detention.
(new series) Israeli warplanes blast Hezbollah strongholds  SIDON, Lebanon, June 8 (AFP)  Israeli warplanes blasted positions of the pro-Iranian Hezbollah movement in south Lebanon on Wednesday after guerrillas rocketed Israel's "security zone" inside Lebanon.
A dozen Katyusha rockets slammed around Marjayoun, headquarters of the Israeli-financed militia, a day after 14 rockets fell harmlessly into the security zone, the SLA said.
Israel mounted the June 2 raid less than two weeks after its commandos snatched Moslem fundamentalist guerrilla chief Mustafa Dirani from his home in the Bekaa Valley to obtain information on missing Israeli airman Ron Arad.
The increased budget allocation for defence came after Defence Minister General Pavel Grachev and top military leaders lobbied frantically for increased state support, warning that Russia's national security was at stake.
reopens (SIDON) In Tel Aviv, an army spokesman said all the aircraft had returned safely to base after an attack on a Hezbollah stronghold.
Thailand's constitution was amended after the bloody May 1992 protests here, but not all of the provisions considered undemocratic were axed.
Israel and Jordan to work on peace plan: Jordanian official  AMMAN, June 8 (AFP)  Israel and Jordan will begin preparing a peace treaty next month after finding a formula towards settling their border dispute, a senior Jordanian official said here Wednesday.
Th official added that Jordan had withdrawn its opposition to hosting an international economic conference, to be held in the capital Amman in 1995 after a preliminary conference in Morocco in November.
This week's bilateral talks between Jordan and Israel took place in Washington after a three-month hiatus, following the February massacre of 30 Moslem worshippers in a Hebron mosque by a Jewish settler.
"Dialogue must be started between (Yemeni) brothers who are called upon to cooperate with each other and help us put Yemen back on the road" to stability, Brahimi told the northern SABA news agency after arriving from Cairo.
Rob Stobbe, 31, said he noticed a small puncture on his hand soon after the robber had threatened him with the syringe.
Clinton, who was due to receive the civil law doctorate dressed in a traditional red gown and mortar board after lunch at the college with around 30 guests, ended his Oxford studies before obtaining a degree.
The visit was eventually put back to Wednesday after being initially scheduled for Saturday -- two days before the D-Day anniversary.
China, faced with elimination from contention after their 76-60 loss to Spain, rejuvenated their hopes with a 97-90 win over Brazil.
Earlier, the Cubans, vulnerable after crashing by 20 points to Brazil, disposed of Spain 68-65 to leave all teams in group two with one win each.
In group one, reigning champions United States were virtually certain of progressing to the semi-final after disposing of Canada 98-65 for their second win in the pool.
The remaining spot will be between host Australia and Slovakia after Australia bounced back from their 18-point reverse to the United States on Tuesday night to down the Slovaks 86-77.
China hit back after being criticised for lacking in speed and intensity.
"Dialogue must be started between (Yemeni) brothers who are called upon to cooperate with each other and help us put Yemen back on the road" to stability, Brahimi told the northern SABA news agency earlier after arriving from Cairo.
The southern port city, stronghold of Baid's forces, has been without water for four days after northern warplanes attacked a pumping station at Bir Nasser, some 15 kilometres (nine miles) north of Aden.
He said the  accord was approved after three days of talks by Bosnian Serb leader Radovan  Karadzic and the newly formed Croat-Moslem federation and would be overseen by  the United Nations Protection Force.
Two fighter jets struck in two sorties after guerrillas fired Katyusha  rockets into Israel's self-declared "security zone" in south Lebanon for the  second consecutive day without causing any casualties.
The army and the RPF agreed in two sessions of UN-mediated talks last week on steps to try to protect relief work and evacuation operations by the United Nations after a Senegalese captain was killed last month, the 12th UN soldier to die in Rwanda.
The Dow Jones Index of 30 leading industrials shortly after trading opened was up four points (0.11 percent) at 3,759.91 points.
Baid, the former vice president of united Yemen who declared a breakaway state in the south on May 21, said he was ready to "discuss everything" but after fighting stopped.
China did not publicize the deaths of the Taiwan tourists until two days after the incident, and then said the deaths were accidental.
But after Taiwan insisted that it was foul play and suspended cultural, educational and sightseeing exchanges to press China to reveal the truth, Beijing acknowledged that the incident was a case of robbery, mass murder and arson.
Akashi had first met with the head of the Bosnian government delegation, Vice President Ejup Ganic, and had been due to meet Karadzic shortly after midday.
Rescued Japanese sailor was three months adrift in Pacific  TOKYO, June 8 (AFP)  A Japanese sailor has been rescued by a freighter in the Pacific after drifting for three months in a sloop which lost its mast en route to Los Angeles, maritime safety officials said Wednesday.
Pilot's announcement, after a meeting of Kashmir's police brass, came a day after suspected Afghan guerrillas abducted two Britons demanding the release of three of their comrades from Indian prison.
The gunmen took away Kim and Mackie after releasing the other three.
Many foreign mercenaries have reportedly set up base in Doda after coming under pressure in the Kashmir valley.
The abduction of the Britons comes five days after the Allah Tigers, one of the many Moslem separatist groups in Kashmir, asked tourists to quit the state, saying Indian troops might kill them and pin the blame on the rebels.
Tourists had begun returning to the Kashmir valley this summer after four bloody years in which the region was transformed from a tourist paradise into a virtual ghost state by the insurgency.
"They have given the prison authorities until Monday to remove this (Gaza) stipulation or the prisoners will start a mass protest," said the institute after visiting several jails.
The communique in question was issued by the GCC (Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Bahrain, Qatar and Oman) after a meeting last weekend in Saudi Arabia, with Qatar expressing reserves.
He was speaking a day after both the Angolan army and UNITA reported heavy fighting in Kuito, the chief town of the central Bie province, and government air raids on Huambo, Angola's second city in the central highlands.
He declined to say if the cabinet posts were the largely secondary ones the government offered last March, causing the suspension of negotiations after a failure to compromise on certain positions.
After an initial peace pact in May 1991, Angola plunged back into civil war after UNITA lost UN-supervised general elections in September 1992 
                   Rwanda                    600 words around 1545 GMT                    by Annie Thomas     AMMAN:         Israel and Jordan will begin preparing                    a peace treaty next month after finding                    a formula towards settling their border                    dispute, a senior Jordanian official says.
                   Mideast-Jordan                    600 words moved     SIDON,     Lebanon:       Israeli warplanes blast pro-Iranian Hezbollah                    movement positions in south Lebanon after                    guerrillas rocket Israel's "security zone."
The increased budget allocation for defence came after Grachev and top military leaders lobbied frantically for state support, warning that Russia's national security was at stake.
The funeral procession will leave Tehran university after Friday prayers for Behesht-e-Zahra cemetery, south of here, where the bodies will be buried.
His trip to the Chinese capital came 24 hours after the highest-level North Korean military mission to visit Beijing since 1992 arrived for weeklong consultations with their Chinese counterparts.
The trade ban is aimed at restoring ousted president Jean-Bertrand Aristide to power after he was felled in a September, 1991 military coup led by General Raoul Cedras who received the support of country's wealthy class.
"We studied the principal document (put forward by UN mediators) and discussed the modalities of a ceasefire, but there is still work to be done," Dallaire said after after chairing the discussions.
The rebels, who have the upper hand on the battlefronts, refuse to recognise the all-Hutu interim government formed after president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a suspected rocket attack on his plane on April 6.
The United Nations suspended flights on Sunday after government troops fired a shell as a UN plane was on the tarmac at the airport, which is jointly administered by the rebels and UN forces.
US exports to ASEAN countries grew 119 percent from 1988 to 1993, and the area is currently the third-largest US trade market, after Japan and the European Union.
Stocks down  NEW YORK, June 8 (AFP)  Wall Street stock prices were slightly down on Wall Street Wednesday after an early rise in the main index due to a fall in long-term interest rates.
The rates were pushed down after comments by Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan in London that US inflationary pressure was under control.
Brosnan, who succeeds George Lazenby, Sean Connery, Roger Moore and Timothy Dalton as Ian Fleming's theoretically timeless hero, agreed to take the role after Australian star Mel Gibson reportedly turned it down despite being offered 10 million dollars.
A search through Britain and the United States for the new James Bond began in April after Dalton abandoned the role, saying he wanted "new challenges" after just two films as the redoubtable 007, "The Living Daylights" in 1987, and "License to Kill" in 1988.
The working title is "Goldeneye," named after Fleming's house in Jamaica.
Euro Disney lost 10 pence to 405 after revealing details on its capital increase.
Montedison gained 29 lire to finish at 1,489 after the European Commission approved its joint venture with Shell.
But Major, rising to Humphrey's defense after a political meeting in the northeastern town of Saltburn, declared: "I am afraid Humphrey has been falsely accused."
Incumbents home safe after primary sweep but November could spell trouble by Gretchen Cook  WASHINGON, June 8 (AFP)  Incumbents came out the big winners in Tuesday's nomination battles for Congress and governors in eight states, with the contests billed as a gauge of the national political mood.
"California is the absolute big prize when it comes to presidential politics," Democratic National Committee Chairman David Wilhelm said Wednesday on CBS after Kathleen Brown won the nomination to challenge Republican Governor Pete Wilson.
Former North and South Yemen were unified in May 1990, but the two armies were never merged and the civil war broke out on May 5 after months of tension between the two leaders.
He also said Aden should be demilitarized because it had become "a fortress of arms provided by the former Soviet Union and the enemies of Yemen," adding that the government had a programme to rebuild it after the war.
Aden has been without water for four days after northern warplanes attacked a pumping station at Bir Nasser, some 15 kilometres (nine miles) north of Aden.
The Dniestr region in eastern Moldova is largely Russian-speaking and announced its secession in 1991 after denouncing the policy of forced "Romanianisation" and the possibility that the country might reunite with Bucharest.
Dollar firm against mark, stumbles again yen  LONDON, June 8 (AFP)  The dollar remained firm against the mark on the London foreign exchange market on Wednesday, but stumbled against the yen after remarks by US officials on trade negotiations with Japan.
Sterling was firm, except against the yen, after the announcement of a larger-than-expected rise in British manufacturing output.
Israeli warplanes blast Hezbollah strongholds  SIDON, Lebanon, June 8 (AFP)  Israeli warplanes blasted positions of the pro-Iranian Hezbollah movement in south Lebanon on Wednesday after guerrillas rocketed Israel's self-declared security zone inside Lebanon.
A dozen Katyusha rockets slammed around Marjayoun, headquarters of the Israeli-financed militia, a day after 14 rockets fell harmlessly into the security zone, the SLA said.
In Tel Aviv, an army spokesman said all the Israeli aircraft had returned safely to base after an attack on a Hezbollah stronghold.
Israel mounted the June 2 raid less than two weeks after its commandos snatched Moslem fundamentalist guerrilla chief Mustafa Dirani from his home in the Bekaa Valley to obtain information on missing Israeli airman Ron Arad.
FTC investigators said they closed the case after finding that "although it may seem intuitive to some that the Joe Camel advertising campaign would lead more chilrdren to smoke or lead children to smoke more, the evidence to support that instuition is not there."
Pilot's announcement, after a meeting of Kashmir's police brass, came a day after suspected Afghan guerrillas abducted two Britons demanding the release of three of their comrades from Indian prison.
The gunmen took away Kim and Mackie after releasing the other three.
Many foreign mercenaries have reportedly set up base in Doda after coming under pressure in the Kashmir valley.
The abduction of the Britons comes five days after the Allah Tigers, one of the many Moslem separatist groups in Kashmir, asked tourists to quit the state saying Indian troops might kill them and pin the blame on the rebels.
Tourists had begun returning to the Kashmir valley this summer after four bloody years in which the region was transformed from a tourist paradise into a virtual ghost state by the insurgency.
Orm said that the four journalists were imprisoned in the crackdown launched by the pro-communist regime after it seized power in November 1992, ousting a Moslem-democrat coalition.
The army and the RPF agreed in two sessions of UN-mediated talks last week on steps to try to protect relief work and evacuation operations by the United Nations after a Senegalese captain was killed last month, the 12th UN soldier to die in Rwanda.
Up to 500,000 people -- many the victims of systematic operations by Hutu death squads -- have been killed since the bloodshed erupted on April 7, a day after the death of Hutu president Juvenal Habyarimana in a suspected rocket attack on his plane.
Coming just after the D-Day anniversary commemorations, the festival was tailor-made to dissipate any bitterness the chancellor might have felt at being left out of the Normandy ceremonies.
US and Japanese negotiators have been holding intensive talks in a number of trade areas, notably the auto sector, since the two sides reached agreement two weeks ago to resume trade talks after a more than three-month gap.
Another difficulty was that survivors had scattered after being advised to go to higher ground.
Shells hit Iranian border villages after fighting in Iraq: IRNA  TEHRAN, June 8 (AFP)  Shells landed on Iranian villages near the Iraqi border on Wednesday following fighting between rival Kurd factions in northern Iraq, Iran's official news agency IRNA said.
On the bond market, interest rates on the main 30-year Treasury bond averaged 7.22 percent, down from 7.26 percent late Tuesday, after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said he believed inflation was well under control in the United States.
But after four victories and one second place in five races this year, the German remains firm favourite to win on Montreal's testing Circuit Gilles Villeneuve street circuit.
The 10 were among 18 new faces appointed into the 31-member cabinet, after the government resigned Tuesday ahead of the reshuffle.
The reshuffle came after Jordan and Israel agreed in Washington talks to set up a commission to resolve their long-standing dispute over their borders in a agreement hailed by a senior Jordanian official as having overcome the "biggest obstacle towards a peace treaty."
Set up by the UN after the end of the Gulf War in 1991, the commission has to date received 2.5 million claims, including around 5,000 classed under category B, most of which the world body hopes to process by the end of 1994.
"I don't have any problem playing or practising with them," said the 22-year-old after his 6-4 2-6 6-3 defeat of Bjorkman.
Senna died from massive head injuries after crashing his Williams- Renault during the San Marino grand prix at Imola on May 1.
Patrick Head, Williams-Renault team chief, also handed to deputy state prosecutor Maurizio Passarini a file of documents and a computer disk concerning the last moments of Senna's life, after he accelerated away at the start of the race until he smashed head-on into a security wall at the side of the track.
Kiet, who met with his Ukrainian counterpart Efim Zviagilski shortly after his arrival, said his country was keen on cooperating in the areas of energy, transport, chemicals and light industry.
"Dialogue must be started between (Yemeni) brothers who are called upon to cooperate with each other and help us put Yemen back on the road" to stability, Brahimi told the northern SABA news agency earlier after arriving from Cairo.
The southern port city, stronghold of Baid's forces, has been without water for four days after northern warplanes attacked a pumping station at Bir Nasser, some 15 kilometres (nine miles) north of Aden.
About 2,300 Russian troops are still stationed in Estonia, three years after the Baltic nation declared independence from the Soviet Union.
McKenna, anxious to give a nudge to the selectors after being cold- shouldered for a couple of years, was also in fine form.
US and Japanese negotiators have been holding intensive talks in a number of trade areas, notably the auto sector, since the two sides reached agreement two weeks ago to resume trade talks under last year's framework agreement after a more than three-month gap.
The struggle between the Nigerian government and opposition has intensified in recent weeks with the opposition accusing the regime of dragging its heels over a return to democracy after annulled elections and a military coup last year.
The declaration, which diplomats said reflected the joint position of the European Union, said Britain and its partners were studying trade sanctions they took after the annulment of the elections last year and the military coup last November.
Belgium beat Hungary in football friendly  BRUSSELS, June 8 (AFP)  Belgium beat Hungary 3-1 after leading 2-0 at halt-time in their football World Cup warm-up match here Wednesday.
Josip Weber gave the home side the lead after only five minutes of play in cold and wet conditions and heavy going underfoot.
The 10 were among 18 new faces appointed into the 31-member cabinet, after the government resigned Tuesday ahead of the reshuffle.
The reshuffle came after Jordan and Israel agreed in Washington talks to set up a commission to resolve their long-standing dispute over their borders in a agreement hailed by a senior Jordanian official as having overcome the "biggest obstacle towards a peace treaty."
Lewis, belatedly handed the world crown seven years ago after Johnson was banned for drugs at Seoul, was led by Namibia's Frankie Fredericks until halfway but produced a typical late burst to take the race.
Bulgaria's fine tradition in women's hurlding continued when the 100m race was taken by Svetlana Dimitrova, who won in 12.63sec after pipping legendary compatriot and veteran world record holder Yordanka Donkova.
He headed home after a pinpoint left-wing cross by Andreas Brehme, giving Canadian goalkeeper Craig Forrest, who plays for English Premiership side Ipswich Town, no chance.
"It is only after such a session that we will be able to take such a decision," he said.
reopens (TORONTO) Germany's Mario Basler was carried off with a knee injury at the 35-minute mark, after a collision with Canadian defender David Norman.
But the US currency recovered somewhat after another US official said Washington would not seek a weaker dollar to improve the balance of trade with Japan.
The Cambodian government installed after UN-monitored elections last year has asked the United States for military assistance to help it battle a continued guerrilla campaign by the Khmer Rouge.
However bond traders preferred to sell after noon due to doubts about future inflation.
"We have received no calls of complaint from our members either before or after the Pearl Harbor debate," said Steve Van Buskirk, spokesman for the Kansas City-based Veterans of Foreign Wars.
US businesses operating in China are also concerned that the effort may rock the boat after heaving a sigh of relief when MFN was renewed and the human rights link dropped.
"We are very vigilant lest after the presidential decision the same issues come back in through the back door," US-China Business Council President Robert Kapp told a press conference on the sidelines of the group's annual meeting Wednesday.
Between 200,000 and half a million people, mainly minority Tutsis, have been massacred in an ethnic bloodbath which began in April after the mysterious death in a plane crash of Rwandan president Juvenal Habyarimana, a Hutu.
Vietnam returned the IMF and the World Bank in October after a group of lending nations, led by Japan and France, ruled out 140 million dollars in arrears Vietnam had owed.
The suspect reactor fuel would produce around 15 kilos after treatment, which could be done virtually immediately if worker safety is disregarded.
A ceasefire resolution adopted by the UN Security Council last week has so far failed to end the fighting, and a unilateral ceasefire announced by Sanaa Monday collapsed after only a few hours.
Police detained moneychangers in Sanaa this week after the riyal hit a new low.
Group attacks police after patrol car runs over child  MEXICO CITY, June 8 (AFP)  Scores of people swarmed over a police patrol car, flipping the vehicle and burning it after its driver struck and injured a three- year-old boy Wednesday.
A 14-year-old girl died after being in a coma for days because of the incident.
"The model used by the Labour government in 1975 and adopted by us when we came to power, has been held after 19 years to be insufficient," said Hunt.
The mainly Moslem government forces are poised to capture part of a strategic highway in the north east near Zavidovici, after fighting there for several weeks, sources of the UN Protection Force (UNPROFOR) said.
Foreign Minister Shimon Peres came under strong attack in parliament here on Tuesday after admitting telling Holst in the letter written on October 11 that "the Palestinian institutions of East Jerusalem are of great importance and will be preserved," and pledging "not to hamper their activity".
Iran, Iraq still divided six years after end of war by Laurent Maillard  TEHRAN, June 9 (AFP)  Nearly six years after the end of a long and bloody war, Iran and Iraq are still far from reaching a settlement, divided by a number of thorny issues such as the fate of POWs and MIAs. An Iranian delegation is due in Baghdad on Saturday to prepare a visit next month by Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati, who is the first high-ranking official to visit Iraq since the 1991 Gulf war.
The alleged robbery was discovered hours after Greek manager Alkis Panagoulias said the team's hotel keys were stolen at Giants Stadium.
Irish police on alert after Loyalist bomb warnings  DUBLIN, June 9 (AFP)  Police in the Irish Republic were on the alert Wednesday night after a Northern Ireland Protestant militia claimed to have planted a dozen bombs in various parts of the republic.
Russian chemist awarded damages over "state secrets" probe  MOSCOW, June 9 (AFP)  A Russian chemist was awarded more than 20,000 dollars compensation by a court in Moscow Wednesday after being wrongly prosecuted for disclosing state secrets.
He was arrested last January after refusing to attend his trial which opened on January 6 in camera.
He was released on bail on February 23 and on March 11 the state prosecutor announced that the case was being dropped after additional investigations because there had been "no offence".
The party was thought to have almost buried its populist rhetoric since Rao, 73, embarked on open-market economic policies in 1991 after 40 years of a quasi-socialist closed economy.
SKorea's Kim, Japan's Hata confer by phone on nuclear standoff  SEOUL, June 9 (AFP)  President Kim Young-Sam and Japanese Prime Minister Tsutomo Hata conferred by telephone on the North Korean nuclear standoff Thursday, hours after Washington rejected a North Korean call for bilateral talks to resolve the issue, presidential aides said.
Clinton returns to Washington  WASHINGTON, June 8 (AFP)  President Bill Clinton arrived Wednesday night in Washington after an eight-day European tour to commemorate the 50th anniversay of the D-Day landing in World War II.
Japan sent troops as UN peacekeepers to Cambodia in 1992, the first overseas dispatch since World War II, after enacting a law to sidestep its pacifist constitution banning the use of force to settle international disputes.
The Rockets, perhaps a bit rusty after a week-long layoff, started slowly.
Two minutes after takeoff from Xian, on the flight to Guangzhou, southern China, the crew reported that the aircraft "was swaying uncontrollably," Gao said.
Patients on average woke up after 40 days of treatment at the centre, while one man took just seven days to come out of his coma, it said.
The cure -- involving acupuncture, massage, optical and electrical stimulation of pressure points and herbal medicine -- also appears to have helped patients overcome speech, mobility and memory problems after waking from their sleep, it said.
Greek tagged giant turtle dies after being caught  LUCENA, Philippines, June 9 (AFP)  A giant turtle bearing a tag from Greece was caught by fishermen near this city two days ago but later died, an environment official said Thursday.
"There is a strong need for the momentum of reform to continue if Vietnam is to cope with this money, but after a lull in 1993, things are picking up with more projects being approved," said Alan Lim of KV Management, a fund run by Singapore's Keppel group.
Indochina Asset Management's management fund, which is listed in Ireland, increased its premium to 70 percent from 10 percent after the ending of the trade ban.
In a simultaneous strike, LTTE gunmen attacked a group of policemen in Welikanda in neighbouring Polonnaruwa district and escaped after killing four constables, the spokesman said.
Under the autonomy agreement, Jerusalem is to be negotiated after two years of self-rule as part of an attempt to reach a permanent settlement with the Palestinians.
24 missing after ferry burns in central Philippines  MANILA, June 9 (AFP)  At 24 people remain missing almost two days after a ferry boat burst into flames in the Leyte Gulf, in the central Philippines, killing 17, Coast Guard officials said here Thursday.
Lee said no "particular signs" had been noted in North Korea's military posture, but he warned South Korea would face a growing threat of provocations from North Korea after sanctions are imposed.
Reggae group allowed into New Zealand after drug find  WELLINGTON, June 9 (AFP)  Two members of English reggae band UB40 who were Wednesday night stopped with cannabis at Auckland International Airport were Thursday allowed to enter New Zealand after initially being told they could not come in.
Plight of Aboriginals is world's worst, say churches by Jack Taylor  SYDNEY, June 9 (AFP)  The Geneva-based World Council of Churches is to try to raise extra funds for Australian Aboriginals after it was shocked last week by the deprivation it found in native settlements, church officials said here Thursday.
His criticism comes a month after Canberra boosted its five-year budget allocation for Aboriginal health and housing by 56 percent to 500 million dollars (368 million US), although this has been criticised as still inadequate by the Australian Medical Association, among others.
It was issued one day after Japanese officials said that Tokyo was ready to cut off vital cash transfers to North Korea as part of international sanctions against Pyongyang, suspected of illicitly assembling nuclear bombs.
"The Philippines is interested in Israeli technology in areas such as agriculture and agro-industry," he told reporters after talks with Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and Foreign Minister Shimon Peres.
North Korea's hopes for direct negotiations with Washington appeared to have been dashed after a US State Department spokeswoman said Wednesday it was now too late for such talks.
The suspect reactor fuel would produce around 15 kilos (33 pounds) after treatment, which could be done virtually immediately if workers safety is disregarded.
In Amman, a senior Jordnaian official said Wednesday that the two neighbours would begin preparing a peace treaty next month after finding a formula towards settling the border disagreement.
A possible negotiated end to the bloodshed in Bosnia appeared closer after both warring factions signed Wednesday in Geneva a UN proposal for a month-long ceasefire beginning midday Friday.
The report added that the prime minister "did not take into account national interest considerations" when his cabinet decided on April 20, 1993 -- shortly after his March 13 election victory -- to allow Black's The Telegraph Plc to lift its investment.
The Senate inquiry was set up by the opposition after disclosures that Keating told Black the government might allow him to expand his stake in the Fairfax newspaper group if its election coverage was "balanced".
Labor senators said the ownership limit was lifted after the 1993 election even though the Sydney Morning Herald had advised its readers to vote for the coalition of Liberal and National parties.
Initial results will be known Sunday night at the earliest, after all polling booths have closed.
The latest decline came one day after parliament had passed a budget for 1994 providing for an increase in expenditure on defence while keeping the deficit within IMF guidelines of 10 percent of gross domestic product.
The policemen returned to work on June 1 after the government agreed to new pay allowances.
Rhee said no "particular signs" had been noted in North Korea's military posture, but he warned South Korea would face a growing threat of provocations from North Korea after sanctions are imposed.
The report quoted police as saying they arrested one of the murderer- cannibals immediately after the crime and were still searching for the others.
Parents sue over circumcision blunder  TEL AVIV, June 9 (AFP)  A two-year-old boy's parents have filed for 800,000 dollars damages after his penis withered from gangrene following the traditional Jewish circumcision ceremony.
The baby ended up in hospital for a week after heavy blood loss, according to the claim in the Tel Aviv district court.
Ross, who kicked Canada's opening penalty after 17 minutes had three more early in  the second half to give Canada a 12-10 lead before Wales came back.
The tourists, who led 11-9 at half time, needed a win after their shock defeat by Canada last weekend.
"I think we did that with two or three tries and a will to play the ball," he said after the match.
First points came for Northland six minutes into the game from a penalty in front of the posts after Leon Loppy went over the top of a ruck.
Soon after Doug Te Puni crossed the try line, only to lose the ball as he tried to touch down.
Hezbollah frees kidnapped men following Syrian orders  BAALBEK, Lebanon, June 9 (AFP)  Pro-Iranian Hezbollah guerrillas released six Lebanese men and a retired Syrian soldier hours after kidnapping them in Syrian- controlled eastern Lebanon, Syrian military officials said Thursday.
They were freed overnight Wednesday after the Syrian military command in the Bekaa Valley threatened to arrest Hezbollah militants in retaliation, the officials said.
The men were seized in the Baalbek region after three of them were seen taking photographs outside the home of Hezbollah's former secretary general Sheikh Sobhi Tufayli.
Two of the men were identified as Lebanese expatriates who had returned to their home villages after long stays in the Gulf state of Qatar and the United States.
Counting was due to start Monday, after completion of the poll in other EU member states voting Sunday.
The 29-year-old three-time Olympian guard weighed in with 10 points inside the final five minutes to extricate the Americans from trouble after Slovakia had drawn level at 88-88 with 5:01 left.
Edwards lifted her team's effort a few notches to secure victory against the spirited Slovaks, who outscored USA 50-49 in the second period after trailing 54-46 at halftime.
USA finished Group One with maximum points after prior wins over Australia and Canada.
Therefore, increasing the defence budget is a necessity", Vladimir Shumeiko told a news conference held one day after the lower house or State Duma had approved the draft budget on second reading.
German postal union calls strikes  BONN, June 9 (AFP)  The German postal union is to launch widespread warning strikes, the chief union negotiator said on Thursday shortly after the collapse of bargaining about privatisation.
Each side blamed the other for the deadlock after 34 hours of negotiations.
Vietnam, currently Asia's second-biggest coffee producer after Indonesia, has already exported 140,000 tonnes of coffee in the 1993-94 coffee year, 14.75 percent more than its total exports the previous year, Ginting said.
Jiang, the heir apparent, "is aware of the urgent necesssity to have around him men he can trust in the army with which he will have to collaborate to hang on to power after Deng's death," said a western diplomat.
Thirty-seven other hostages, many of them Moslems, were freed unharmed and without ransom hours after they were snatched.
The Abu Sayyaf, led by Islamic militants who reportedly trained in the Middle East, is a recent radical offshoot of the Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF), which is now engaged in peace talks with the government after a failed separatist uprising in the south in the early 1970s.
The ministry also denounced Japan for "political suppression" of North Koreans living in Japan after police admitted having mistakenly raided a pro-Pyongyang school and their local association in western Japan.
Jiang, the heir apparent, "is aware of the urgent necesssity to have around him men he can trust in the army with which he will have to collaborate to hang on to power after Deng's death," said a western diplomat.
Turnout was expected to be poor, with the latest surveys showing barely half the voters were likely to cast ballots because of weariness with elections, after municipal and legislative polls in March and May, and traditional lack of interest in European ones.
Four warplanes bombed the airport area, but one crashed into the sea and a second slammed into the city's residential Sheikh Osman district after running into anti-aircraft fire, they said.
Manoon was fired after the military seized power again in February 1991.
Manoon disappeared after Chatichai was ousted and was sacked by the junta for desertion.
Paris (33-1) 40.41.45.86     SEOUL:         South Korean Foreign Minister Han Sung-Joo                    returns home empty-handed after lobbying                    China to join western-led attempts to implement                    sanctions against North Korea, as Seoul --                    fearing a military showdown -- beefs up its                    military preparedness.
                   EU-vote-Britain,lead                    400 words around 1045 GMT                    by Allen Nacheman     DUBLIN:        Irish voters select 15 European Parliament                    MPs after a personality-driven campaign                    largely devoid of political debate.
Four planes bombed the airport area, but one slammed into the sea and a second crashed into the city's residential Sheikh Osman district after running into anti-aircraft fire, they said.
The price of shares in the EuroDisney amusment park, which had fallen by 10 pence on Wednesday after the company had published details of its operation to raise capital, shed another 10 pence to 395 pence.
In the central town of Kuito fighting flared again Wednesday night after a few hours of calm, official radio said, but gave no details of victims.
The country plunged back into conflict after UNITA refused to accept defeat in UN-supervised elections in September 1992.
Press condemns editors' arrests for blasphemy by Nadeem Qadir  DHAKA, June 9 (AFP)  The Bangladeshi government was under fire Wednesday after two veteran journalists were arrested amid warnings of rising Islamic fundamentalism in this overwhelmingly Moslem South Asian country.
The two were arrested after the chief of Dhaka's main police station alleged the paper had misinterpreted verse three of Islam's holy book the Koran, hurting the religious sensibilities of Moslems.
Their arrests came after the publication of an editorial in the daily's May 12 edition, which triggered violent protests against the newspaper's offices June 3 by fundamentalist groups.
Meanwhile, Chernomyrdin was to return to Moscow Friday after a week- long stay in Germany, the government press service said.
The civil war broke out on May 5 after a nine-month dispute between Baid and Saleh over sharing power in Yemen -- the product of a four- year merger between the former Marxist South and conservative, tribal North Yemen.
The south announced its unconditional acceptance of UN Resolution 924 calling for a ceasefire after it was adopted on June 1.
The United Nations was heavily criticised for withdrawing most of its 2,500 peacekeepers from the small central African country soon after its descent into chaos following Habyarimana's death.
The United States was initially reluctant to get involved in another African mission after the failure of tens of thousands of foreign troops to end anarchy in Somalia.
Turnout among the 11.5 million voters was expected to be poor, but opinion polls predicted new gains for the right-wing parties that ousted the Christian Democrats from power in May after more than 50 years in power.
The surveys show barely half the voters were likely to cast ballots because of weariness with elections, after municipal and legislative polls in March and May, and traditional lack of interest in European votes.
"They take the initiative and have learned, after two years of war, the importance of controlling information," he added.
By Thursday, after several days of coordinated infantry offensives to the west and east, the army had conquered several of the seven kilometers of the road from Serb forces, UN military experts estimated.
Reigning champions United States won Group One after beating Slovakia 103-96.
Mandela told journalists outside his Cape Town home after talks with Tanzanian President Ali Hassan Mwinyi that the leaders would seek the backing of the United Nations and the Commonwealth for their peace bid when they meet for an Organisation of African Unity summit next week.
The policemen returned to work on June 1 after the government agreed to new pay allowances.
The Frontline States -- Angola, Botswana, Mozambique, Namibia, Tanzania, Zambia and Zimbabwe -- are set to review their original role to include South Africa after its first all-race elections in April.
"We have much in common, particularly in terms of trade," Nujoma said after the meeting.
Irish go to polls in European Parliament elections marked by Euro-apathy  DUBLIN, June 9 (AFP)  Some 2.6 million Irish voters went to the polls Thursday to elect 15 deputies to the European Parliament in Strasbourg after a bland campaign dominated by personalities but largely devoid of issues.
Although voting was to be completed Thursday, the European vote count was not sceduled to begin until Sunday, after the conclusion of voting throughout the 12-nation European Union.
Four planes bombed the airport, but one slammed into the sea and a second crashed into the city's Sheikh Osman neighborhood after running into anti-aircraft fire, witnesses said.
UN envoy Lakhdar Brahimi meanwhile began talks with President Ali Abdallah Saleh in Sanaa after he issued an appeal on Wednesday for both sides to stop fighting immediately and resume negotiations.
The south announced its unconditional acceptance of UN Resolution 924 calling for an immediate ceasefire and Brahimi's mission after it was adopted on June 1.
Krakow burghers say "No" to McDo' by Michael Viatteau  KRAKOW, Poland, June 9 (AFP)  Polish authorities have refused permission for McDonald's fast food chain to open an outlet in the heart of mediaeval Krakov after fierce protests from local conservationists.
"The people of Krakow should be more European; after all, there is a McDonald's on the Piazza di Spagna in Rome," he asserted.
Initial results will be known Sunday night at the earliest, after all polling booths have closed.
The two leaders entered talks after Jiang welcomed his guest in a ceremony here in front of the Great Hall of the People.
The president of the Schneider group, Didier Pineau-Valencienne, was released on bail on Tuesday after having been held by Belgian investigators for 12 days on charges of fraud and false accounting.
US says mood is better in auto talks with Japan  TOKYO, June 9 (AFP)  United States Commerce Undersecretary Jeffrey Garten said on Thursday that the climate had improved in bilateral talks on the car trade with Japan which were resumed last week after a three-and-a-half month suspension.
"The mood is much better," he told a news conference a day before a second round of negotiations kicks off in Tokyo on Friday, a week after the two sides had resumed the talks in Washington.
Another former Bapindo director, Bambang Kuncoro, testified that the bank's board could not do nothing after getting Sumarlin's instructions.
They also said that capital losses on the sales of overseas assets after the yen's rise against the dollar also contributed to lower returns.
The number of initial claims had declined over the previous three weeks after two weekly increases.
Elsewhere inhabitants fled the village of Madinat al-Shaab, 10 kilometers (six miles) west of Aden, for the port city after a shell exploded there on Thursday, witnesses said.
Doctors described the soldier's condition as "moderate" after he was driven to the hospital with the knife still stuck in his back.
Police caught the attacker, a 17-year-old from East Jerusalem, after a manhunt in and around the sprawling campus, which is close to parliament.
Friday's earthquake was Indonesia's worst since December 1992, when tidal waves after a temblor measuring 6.8 on the Richter scale hit the eastern island of Flores, killing more than 2,000 people.
New drachma drama seen possible  ATHENS, June 9 (AFP)  The Greek government will give speculators a black eye if they bet again against the drachma, prime minister Andreas Papandreou said Wednesday evening, referring to the risk of a new market offensive against the currency after the June 12 elections for the European Parliament.
Last week, the government declared the drachma crisis that started in early May "closed", but did not convince foreign exchange dealers - who say the currency's fate currency will be determined after the election.
The announcement came after heavy fighting around the southern city of Aden, with reports of two warplanes being shot down during a raid on the airport and seven people killed and 72 wounded in shelling.
Brahimi had urged both sides to stop fighting immediately and resume negotiations when he arrived here Wednesday from Cairo a week after the UN Security Council adopted a resolution calling for a ceasefire.
Witnesses said earlier that four northern warplanes bombed Aden airport, but one slammed into the sea and a second crashed into the city's Sheikh Osman neighborhood after running into anti-aircraft fire.
Elsewhere inhabitants fled the village of Madinat al-Shaab, 10 kilometers (six miles) west of Aden, for the port city after a shell exploded there on Thursday, witnesses said.
The government installed after UN-supervised elections last year has also asked the US for military assistance following a series of recent battlefield setbacks against Khmer Rouge guerrillas.
Shortly after the opening, the Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials was up 3.69 points at 3,753.14.
Rwandan rebels, army resume talks amid pitched battles  KIGALI, June 6 (AFP)  Rwandan rebel and army commanders resumed truce talks in a tense atmospere at the United Nations headquarters Thursday shortly after a rocket slammed into it in what was presumed to be a deliberate attack, a UN spokesman said.
Ceasefire discussions between General Marcel Gatsinzi of the army and Colonel Frank Mugambage of the rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front were suspended Wednesday after "very positive" exchanges, a UN spokesman said, though he added that "a lot of work is still to be done."
NATO says it wants better relations with Russia  ISTANBUL, June 9 (AFP)  The North Atlantic Treaty Organisation wants to deepen its relations with Russia, NATO said in a communique issued after a meeting of the North Atlantic Council here Thursday.
Brahimi optimistic after meeting Saleh  SANAA, June 9 (AFP)  UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi voiced optimism here Thursday saying he believed there was a basis for talks between Yemen's warring sides after a meeting with President Ali Abdallah Saleh.
He was talking to reporters after Saleh announced a second ceasefire due to come into force at 6 p.m. (1500 GMT) Thursday, the official agency SABA said.
"I'm vain enough to believe that after my discusissions here, more efforts will be made so that it (the ceasefire) will hold," the envoy added.
Finnair reports return to profitability  HELSINKI, June 9 (AFP)  Finnair, the Finnish group specializing in air transport, returned to profitability in its latest financial year with a profit of 113 million Finnish marks (20.5 million dollars) after financial income and charges, the firm announced on Thursday.
At a final election campaign meeting Wednesday night, Interior Minister Charles Pasqua said 45-year-old de Villiers supporters should not be excluded from the right parties and that after the Europoll on Sunday, the various right-wing groups should rally around a single presidential candidate.
The mainly Tutsi rebels and Hutu-led government forces resumed tense peace talks at the United Nations headquarters in the Amahoro Hotel shortly after it was hit by a rocket in what was presumed to be a deliberate attack.
Ceasefire discussions between General Marcel Gatsinzi of the army and Colonel Frank Mugambage of the rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) were suspended Wednesday after "very positive" exchanges, a UN spokesman said, though he added that "a lot of work is still to be done."
The UN was heavily criticised for withdrawing most of its 2,500 peacekeepers from the small central African country soon after its descent into chaos following Habyarimana's death.
The US was initially reluctant to get involved in another African mission after the failure of tens of thousands of foreign troops to end anarchy in Somalia, but has now agreed to help fund and equip the mainly African troops pledged for Rwanda.
    June 9 (AFP) - The 1500 GMT news advisory:     SEOUL:         South Korean Foreign Minister Han Sung-Joo                    returns home empty-handed after lobbying                    China to join western-led attempts to implement                    sanctions against North Korea, as Seoul --                    fearing a military showdown -- beefs up its                    military preparedness.
    DUBLIN:        Irish voters select 15 European Parliament                    MPs after a personality-driven campaign                    largely devoid of political debate.
Domingo would succeed Martin Feinstein, who is to resign as general director after the 1994-95 season.
(new series) Clinton wheels out big guns to block House action on Bosnia by Sue Kendall  WASHINGTON, June 9 (AFP)  President Bill Clinton pulled out the big guns Thursday to try to avert an embarrassing Congressional vote urging him to unilaterally lift the arms embargo on Bosnia days after he was in Europe urging close cooperation.
The timing of the debate is all the more embarrassing for Clinton as it comes days after he told the European allies during a D-Day 50th anniversary tour of Europe of the need for united action on the Yugoslavian conflict.
A possible negotiated end to the bloodshed in Bosnia appeared closer after both warring factions signed Wednesday in Geneva a UN proposal for a month-long ceasefire beginning midday Friday.
Main front calm day after ceasefire signed in Geneva  SARAJEVO, June 9 (AFP)  Military action died down on most Bosnian fronts after belligerents signed a month-long truce in Geneva, notably in the north where the Bosnian army had been pressing a major offensive, UN officials said Thursday.
For the first time Bosnian forces had broken through several Serb defense lines after several weeks of preparation, particularly in the north.
Nzo, who succeeded Pik Botha, now minister of mines and energy after 17 years as South Africa's foreign minister, said he was very concerned at the situation in Rwanda and Burundi.
It is the third time in three months that they have gone to the polls," after municipal elections in March and watershed parliamentary polls in May, said a polling official here.
Ghirotto edged out Denmark's Rolf Sorensen and compatriots Massimo Podenzana and Rodolfo Massi in the final sprint after the four broke away from the pack 100 kilometres from home.
The Bosnian government side wants the meeting to take place after it has held a parliamentary session at the start of the week, he added.
The Albanian university was created in 1991 after Albanian students and teachers were expelled from the official unversity by Serbian authorities.
Danes vote amid deep divisions over European integration by Slim Allagui  COPENHAGEN, June 9 (AFP)  Danish voters cast ballots Thursday for deputies to the European parliament, still deeply divided over European integration a year after reluctantly ratifying the Maastricht Treaty on European Union.
Official results will not be known until after Sunday's voting.
He regained control of his Delhi school in 1980, four years after an opposition government took it over, when Indira Gandhi returned to power.
In his latter years, he devoted his time to teaching yoga to disciples and looking after his considerable business interests.
The Palestine Liberation Organisation was promised two billion dollars over a five-year period to help set up self-rule and develop the economy after the Declaration of Principles signed in Washington in September.
Irish vote in European Parliament elections after flat campaign  DUBLIN, June 9 (AFP)  The Irish voted Thursday for 15 MPs to the European Parliament in Strasbourg after a bland and cordial campaign in which parties sought colorful candidates as a substitute for hot issues.
Although voting was to be completed Thursday, the European vote count was not scheduled to begin until Sunday, after the conclusion of voting throughout the 12-nation European Union.
Poll results from Thursday's Euro-elections in Britain, Denmark, Ireland and the Netherlands will not be known until late Sunday, after voting takes place in the other 12 EU states.
Provisional standings after seven races: 1.
At a final election campaign meeting Wednesday night, Interior Minister Charles Pasqua said 45-year-old de Villiers supporters should not be excluded from the right parties and that after the Euro-vote, the various right-wing groups should rally around a single presidential candidate.
Clinton's concern over the vote coming only days after he was in Europe urging close cooperation was underlined by his decision to send to Congress Defense Secretary William Perry, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff John Shalikashvili, UN ambassador Madeleine Albright and Deputy Secretary of State Strobe Talbott were all up on Capitol Hill seeking to win legislators over ahead of the debate.
The timing of the debate is all the more embarrassing for Clinton as it comes days after he told the European allies during a D-Day 50th anniversary tour of Europe of the need for united action on the Yugoslavian conflict.
A possible negotiated end to the bloodshed in Bosnia appeared closer after both warring factions signed Wednesday in Geneva a UN proposal for a month-long ceasefire beginning midday Friday.
The discussions at the United Nations headquarters at a Kigali hotel were held in a tense atmosphere, beginning shortly after a rocket- propelled grenade slammed into the building.
Truce talks between General Marcel Gatsinzi of the army and Colonel Frank Mugambage of the rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front adjourned Wednesday after "very positive" exchanges, a UN spokesman said, though he added that "a lot of work is still to be done."
Spanish government sticks by plan to keep out of Seat financing  MADRID, June 9 (AFP)  The Spanish government reiterated on Thursday that it would not finance staff cuts planned by the Seat auto company, controlled by Volkswagen, sources said here after a Madrid meeting to discuss the loss-making auto company.
Speaking after talks between Vietnamese Prime Minister Vo Van Kiet and Ukrainian President Leonid Kravchuk, Sam said the deals would be signed at a summit between the two countries.
A foreign ministry spokesman in Moscow said the visit would aim to show that Russian-Vietnamese relations had "entered a dynamic phase after a pause."
The mainly Tutsi rebels and Hutu-led government forces resumed tense peace talks at UN headquarters in a Kigali hotel shortly after it was hit by a rocket-propelled grenade in what was presumed to be a deliberate attack.
The UN was heavily criticised for withdrawing most of its 2,500 peacekeepers from the small central African country soon after its descent into chaos following Habyarimana's death.
The US was initially reluctant to get involved in another African mission after the failure of tens of thousands of foreign troops to end anarchy in Somalia, but has now agreed to help fund and equip the mainly African troops pledged for Rwanda.
A local journalist who traveled to Mocuba, in central Zambezia province, told AFP the townspeople "took the law in their own hands" after neither the national police nor UN observers in Mocuba tried to stop the riot.
The supreme court gave six men 18 years in jail, seven received 15 years and four received 10 years after being found guilty of murder and attempted murder.
Voter apathy marks first day of Euro-poll  UNDATED, June 9 (AFP)  Britain, Denmark, Ireland and the Netherlands went to the polls Thursday choose deputies to the European Parliament, with clear signs of voter apathy after campaigns which largely ignored questions about Europe's future.
In Ireland, 2.6 million registered voters -- barely half of whom were expected to turn out -- cast ballots for 15 Euro-MPs after a bland campaign dominated by candidates rather than issues.
In the Netherlands polling for 31 deputies got under way as a survey predicted a record low 30-to-40 percent turnout among the 11.5 million strong electorate owing to voter fatigue after municipal elections in March and watershed parliamentary polls in May.
Only Denmark bucked the downward trend, with voters still deeply divided over European integration a year after reluctantly ratifying the Maastricht Treaty on European Union, expected to beat the historic low 46.2 percent turnout recorded in the previous 1989 poll.
Domingo would succeed Martin Feinstein, who is to resign as general director after the 1994-95 season.
(changing dateline) Fighting eases around Aden after ceasefire comes into force  ADEN, June 9 (AFP)  Fighting between rival north and south forces appeared to ease close to the southern bastion of Aden Thursday as a ceasefire called by President Ali Abdallah Saleh came into force.
Not a single round of artillery fire was heard in the port city an hour after the ceasefire came into force at 6 p.m. (1500 GMT).
The official northern SABA news agency reported that it would take effect from 6 p.m. It was the second ceasefire declared by Saleh within four days after an earlier ceasefire from midnight on Monday collapsed only six hours later, with both sides blaming the other.
"I'm vain enough to believe that after my discussions here, more efforts will be made so that it (the ceasefire) will hold," he said.
It is the third time in three months that they have gone to the polls," after municipal elections in March and watershed parliamentary polls in May, said a polling official here.
Fighting eases as Saleh calls new ceasefire by Laurence Peter  SANAA, June 9 (AFP)  Fighting appeared to ease late Thursday around the southern stronghold of Aden after President Abdallah Saleh called a second ceasefire within four days amid UN hopes the halt in hostilities would hold.
Correspondents said in Aden that artillery fire died down an hour after the ceasefire came into force at 6:00 p.m. (1500 GMT).
Thursday's announcement came after heavy fighting around Aden, with reports of two warplanes being shot down during a raid on the airport and seven people killed in shelling.
After talks with Saleh, Brahimi said: "I'm vain enough to believe that after my discussions here, more efforts will be made so that it (the ceasefire) will hold."
Elsewhere inhabitants fled the village of Madinat al-Shaab, 10 kilometers (six miles) west of Aden, for the port city after a shell exploded there on Thursday, witnesses said.
British Aerospace lost 11 pence to 459 after announcing that Boeing was suing the Airbus consortium, of which BAe is part, for patent violation.
Euro Disney lost 22 pence to end at 383 the day after stockholdere approval of a financial restructuring plan.
This, after British tabloids pumped up hysteria when 11 of 15 Gloucester residents died.
Doris Stroupe, 56, said she relived her own fears after reading about others who suffered the same flu-like symptoms that on Christmas Day 1991 put her in the hospital where doctors, at one point, told her husband to kiss her goodbye.
Airbus chief sees "war" with Boeing  TOULOUSE, France, June 9 (AFP)  Airbus consortium managing director Jean Pierson said Thursday that Airbus was "at war" with US rival Boeing after an announcement that Boeing was suing the consortium members for patent infringement.
David Schwartz, of the US Geological Survey, said new faults found after the 1989 earthquake in San Francisco had significantly raised the probability of a new killer temblor occurring in the next quarter century.
The early results appeared to reflect Denmark's deep division over European integration a year after reluctantly ratifying the Maastricht Treaty on European Union.
Official results will not be known until after Sunday's voting.
Lawyers may complain to United Nations after colleague's death  CAIRO, June 9 (AFP)  Egyptian lawyers on Thursday threatened to file an official complaint to the United Nations accusing the government of suppressing documents in the inquiry into the death of a fellow member in police custody.
Banna said the government had refused to disclose the initial autopsy report after Abdel Hareth Madani died on April 27, despite repeated requests and a final autopsy had not been completed.
Lawyers and human rights group have accused the security services of torturing Madani to death after he died on April 27 in police custody.
At a press conference after the NATO meeting, he said he was confident that China, a member of the Security Council, would not block such a decision.
The country plunged back into conflict after UNITA refused to accept defeat in UN-supervised elections in September 1992.
According to exit polls carried by the specialised institute Interview after voting centers closed, the Christian Democratic party (CDA), which was voted out of office in legislative elections on May 3, would get the biggest share of the vote -- 32 percent, or 10 seats, down from 11 in the previous Strasbourg-based legislature.
It is the third time in three months that they have gone to the polls," after municipal elections in March and watershed parliamentary polls in May, said a polling official here.
They quoted the 56-year-old man as saying he moved into a hotel after his apartment was sold and not saying anything about the woman's body he had left behind.
But once top seed Sampras had dominated the shoot-out 7-2, he turned on a brilliant exhibition -- after an 80-minute rain break at 0-1 in the second set -- breaking the world number 135 twice to wrap up a 7-6, 6-2 victory.
It wasn't until the tie-break that I really got to his serve," said Sampras after his 79-minute victory.
Apell, ranked 127 in the world, admitted after his defeat of Ivanisevic: "I don't know what is happening.
"It was never going to be easy to play today because there was bound to be a sense of let-down after my match with Boris," said Bates, ranked 48 places above Nestor at 94 in the world.
Card said he had seen reports that talks which resumed here last week after a three-month suspension had agreed on an incremental development of dealerships handling US cars, but "we are looking for agreements that will produce measurable market access."
Artillery fire started up again less than three hours after the ceasefire started on the north and eastern fronts about 20 kilometres (12 miles) from the southern stronghold and continued relentlessly.
The night sky lit up with flares from explosions ending a brief lull in fighting after the start of the 6 p.m. (15OO GMT) ceasefire.
It was the second ceasefire declared by Saleh within four days after an earlier ceasefire from midnight on Monday collapsed only six hours later, with both sides blaming the other.
"I'm vain enough to believe that after my discussions here, more efforts will be made so that it (the ceasefire) will hold," he said.
Faultless Davis take lead in Hamburg golf  HAMBURG, Germany, June 9 (AFP)  Australian Rodger Davis had Bernhard Langer and his British caddie Peter Coleman to thank after taking a two-stroke first round lead in the Honda Open here Thursday.
Davis, who scored the last of his seven European wins in the 1993 Cannes Open, sank five putts of more than 10 feet under the admiring gaze of playing partner Langer, who was left with mixed feelings after the sixth.
Now the former England amateur international could be on the trail of better things after scoring five birdies.
In addition it came only days after Clinton had been in Europe urging the need for united action on the Yugoslavian conflict.
A possible negotiated end to the bloodshed in Bosnia appeared closer after both warring factions signed Wednesday in Geneva a UN proposal for a month-long ceasefire beginning midday Friday.
Speaking on television shortly after polling stations closed at 8:00 p.m. (1800 GMT), Prime Minister Poul Nyrup Rasmussen, admitted that "we have not succeeded in convincing public opinion that this vote was intended to elect the 16 best qualified deputies to represent Denmark in the European parliament."
Shortly after polling stations closed, the Ritzau polling agency put voter participation at 52 percent -- just 0.4 percent below the 1989 figure.
Official results will not be known until after Sunday's voting.
Hundreds held as police and traders clash  CAIRO, June 9 (AFP)  Hundreds of traders were detained Thursday after clashes erupted with security forces in which four policemen were wounded, police said.
Tour of Luxembourg results  LUXEMBOURG, June 9 (AFP)  Peter De Clercq of Belgium took the overall lead Thursday after the 170 kilometres first stage of the Tour of Luxembourg cycling race.
The meeting comes after Jordan and Israel agreed in bilateral talks in Washington on Monday and Tuesday to set up a joint commission to resolve their long-standing border dispute.
Just a week ago, the French came for a warm-up before heading off to New Zealand and left in disarray after losing 18-16 to a Canadian team that played more than half the game a man short.
His biggest challenge is to "get the lads in the right frame of mind" for the game and not to let them suffer a let-down after their "very significant win over France."
The United Nations, which is supervising the peace process in Mozambique, would like to see the training and integration of the former rival troops before the elections in October to avoid the Angolan situation, where UNITA rebels resumed war after losing elections.
This year Zimbabwe also provided training to South Africa's former liberation movement guerrillas preparing them for integration into their country's army after the April elections.
The detention came a day after his organization called for mass protests next week in an effort to bring down military ruler General Sani Abacha.
The struggle between the Nigerian government and the opposition has intensified in recent weeks, with the opposition accusing the regime of dragging its heels over a return to democracy after annulled elections and a military coup last year.
And he was even more despondent after squandering two set points in the first set tie-break, which Morgan eventually captured 8-6.
The other 500,000 non-Latvians in the country -- people who arrived after its forced annexation by the Soviet Union in 1940 and before its unilateral independence declaration in 1990 -- will be considered "illegal immigrants" under the new law.
But even after the turn of the century, the number of people granted citizenship will be strictly limited under a quota system of about 2,000 per year, according to the Latvian daily Diena.
The popular Kiwi has been given the job on a permanent basis after taking over as caretaker boss early last month, following the controversial sacking of Australian John Dorahy.
But his side injury has not prevented him from exercising regularly and Illingworth added: "Hopefully he will be able to start playing straight-away after another two weeks' rest."
In addition it came only days after Clinton had been in Europe urging the need for united action on the Yugoslavian conflict.
A possible negotiated end to the bloodshed in Bosnia appeared closer after both warring factions signed Wednesday in Geneva a UN proposal for a month-long ceasefire beginning midday Friday.
Artillery duals shatter new ceasefire hopes by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, Yemen, June 9 (AFP)  Violent artillery duals erupted on two fronts outside the southern stronghold of Aden late Thursday, breaking a new ceasefire less than three hours after it had come into force, correspondents reported.
A brief lull in fighting was reported shortly after the 6:00 p.m. (1500 GMT) ceasefire came into effect, but less than three hours later north and south were locked in further grim battles on north and east fronts about 20 kilometres (12 miles) outside Aden, correspondents said.
It was the second ceasefire call in four days after northern leaders declared an earlier truce from midnight on Monday which collapsed six hours later.
An official statment said southern forces loyal to Ali Salem al-Baid had "not respected its commitments (...) and intensified aggressive military operations half an hour after the ceasefire came into force with an artillery bombardment of our armed forces in the Aden area."
(ADEN) "I'm vain enough to believe that after my discussions here, more efforts will be made so that it (the ceasefire) will hold," he said.
Thursday's ceasefire came after heavy fighting around Aden, with reports of two warplanes being shot down during a raid on the airport and seven people killed in shelling and more than 70 wounded.
"He said that he was and I said, 'OK, don't make me a widow now.'" Reeves plunged 853 meters (2,800 feet) after both his main and reserve chutes failed to open.
The detention came a day after his organization called for mass protests next week in an effort to bring down military ruler General Sani Abacha.
The struggle between the Nigerian government and the opposition has intensified in recent weeks, with the opposition accusing the regime of dragging its heels over a return to democracy after annulled elections and a military coup last year.
It was the first time the NADECO has identified itself with the CD's statement on Wednesday in which it said 'economic activities should be discontinued'' during the ''week of action'' starting on Monday - the day after the first anniversary of last June's ill-fated presidential poll.
He said that role played last year by the NLC in the political crisis that engulfed the country after the presidential poll was cancelled was ''unmatched'' by any group.
Paul Hughes and Sean Hick ran for cover after spotting waiting pressmen in the arrivals concourse of the city's airport.
A 1-0 warm-up triumph over Mexico earlier this month encouraged hopes of a second round place however and Milutinovic will have been delighted to see his top striker, Roy Wegerle of Coventry City, make a scoring return to action after knee surgery on April 15.
Despite Romario's objections, Muller, a veteran of the last two World Cups who is now with Sao Paulo after a spell with Torino, is also likely to start.
Dino Zoff, 40 when he captained Italy to the 1982 World Cup, holds the record Milla seems certain to beat after being included in Henri Michel's squad.
Missing kit, sponsorship mix-ups and hangers-on drove former France manager  Michel to distraction but he persevered -- even surving an assault by Jean-Claude Pagal after he left the 1990 veteran out of his final squad.
SWEDEN Sweden's coach Tommy Svensson has the task of putting his country's national team back on the map after their appalling showing in the 1990 World Cup.
He had quit in a rage after Swedish papers published holiday pictures of him drunk.
Midfielder Klas INgesson also made it it after needing 11 stiches in his face after he crashed his car into a Moose.
"We probably will never know the number of deaths left by the avalanche," President Cesar Gaviria said after his cabinet declared a 15-day state of emergency clearing the way for additional government assistance to the region.
Valencia forward Luboslav Penev will be missing after cancer surgery in January.
Lucas had received support from Spurs' chairman Robert McDermott, who halted a bid by other part-owners to remove Lucas just after the team was eliminated by Utah following a 55-27 season.
Officials in Amman said that in the next few months, the two countries would get down to preparing a peace treaty after setting up a commission to map out the border.
The two, both aged 19, were caught after daubing 212 graves and monuments last August with neo-Nazi or racist slogans, including "Heil Hitler" "Death to the Turks" and "Foreigners Out."
Ewing stormed out after the dessert was delivered.
Following the withdrawal from the race last week of Gordon Brown, the shadow chancellor, Blair has been regarded as certain to win, prompting fears in some quarters that the 41-year-old MP could become the youngest Labour leader this century after only a token contest and calls from the left-wing of the party for other candidates to come forward.
Reid missed most of last season after surgery to reattach a wrist tendon.
Fiji's Vijay Singh, the reigning champion here, dropped out with a sore back after 12 holes.
African prisoners demand new minister's ouster  JOHANNESBURG, June 10 (AFP)  Armed prisoners holding a badly wounded warden after a riot Thursday that left one inmate dead and nearly 30 people hurt demanded the resignation of South Africa's new minister of correctional services, a spokesman for the prisoners said.
Bhudu said before Sexwale's arrival and after meeting the inmates that they wanted the resignation of Sipo Mzimela, minister of correctional services in President Nelson Mandela's new government of national unity.
The demand for Mzimela's resignation came after the inmates submitted a list of eight demands, SAPA said, ranging from medical aid to blankets to food as well as a promise that those involved in the riot would face no further legal action.
About 500 black and white inmates from Modderbee's maximum security section were out in the prison courtyard in near-freezing temperatures early Friday after setting fire to their cells Thursday morning, surrounding the wounded hostage, Olckers said.
The unrest in the jail began after SAPOHR issued a call Wednesday for "peaceful action" by prisoners, including work stoppages and hunger strikes, to demand political amnesty.
Khaled Mohammad, 18, left his job as a barber in Ramallah to start a business selling picture frames and T-shirts along Jericho's main square after self-rule was launched last month.
It is now rented out to the Palestinian Broadcasting Corporation after having been closed for virtually 10 years.
The awaited laws are to be passed after the arrival of the new "cabinet" in the Palestine Authority, headed by PLO chairman Yasser Arafat.
Donor countries promised two billion dollars over a five-year period to help the PLO set up self-rule and develop the economy after a declaration of principles was signed with Israel in Washington in September.
Pele: Colombia is best  NEW YORK, June 9 (AFP)  Brazilian football legend Pele called Colombia the best of 24 teams in the World Cup finals, but stopped short of predicting the South American team would hoist the championship trophy after the July 17 final.
peace," Chretien told repoters after a meeting here with Bosnian Prime Minister Haris Silajdzic, whose government has repeatedly called for an end to the embargo.
"If a government imposes an arms embargo on us and then says 'we will withdraw after you have been killed and expelled from your homes,' it's not acceptable.
PepsiCo shares lost more than nine percent of their value on Wall Street after the surprise announcement, falling, 3.25 dollars to 31.50.
They ended shortly after O'Brien failed to qualify for the Barcelona Games, failing to clear any height in the pole vault at the Olympic trials.
   Friday, June 10 (since 1500 GMT Thursday)     ADEN, Yemen: Violent artillery duals erupted on two fronts outside the  southern stronghold of Aden, breaking a new ceasefire less than three hours  after it had come into force, correspondents reported.
(AFP)     CAIRO: Hundreds of traders were detained after clashes erupted with  security forces in which four policemen were wounded, police said.
The detention came  a day after his organization called for mass protests next week in an effort  to bring down military ruler General Sani Abacha.
Vancouver's Dave Babych fired a shot between the legs of Richter just 29 seconds after Messier's goal to put the Canucks on top again.
Alcoholic beverages could not be bought after the first intermission and 224 police officers were on hand to control the crowd.
Britain, Denmark, Ireland and the Netherlands voted Thursday after campaigns that largely ignored questions about Europe's future and centred on national issues.
Vancouver's Dave Babych fired a shot between the legs of Richter just 29 seconds after Messier's goal to put the Canucks on top again.
But the plan was dropped after reports of it stirred national sentiment here.
The automaker has invited 50 journalists to its Tokyo headquarters to hear about its new European strategy after German-based BMW's acquisition of Rover.
South Korea demanding early sanctions against North Korea  SEOUL, June 10 (AFP)  South Korea will push for early UN sanctions against North Korea, a spokesman said here Friday, after international efforts to punish the North for rejecting nuclear inspections ran smack into Chinese objections.
The cabinet meeting came a day after South Korean Foreign Minister Han Sung-Joo, in rush visit to Beijing, failed to shift China -- Pyongyang's last major ally -- from its opposition to sanctions against the North.
Clarke said the next stage after the development of Vietnam's capital markets was to list its top firms on overseas exchanges rather than rushing to set up its own stock market prematurely as the lack of a bourse was "not a bar to attracting capital."
The export-oriented island has become the second largest investor in the mainland after Hong Kong.
"We have received no calls of complaint from our members either before or after the Pearl Harbor debate," said Steve Van Buskirk, spokesman for the Kansas City-based Veterans of Foreign Wars.
Sexwale arrived at the prison after midnight in an effort to secure the release of the hostage, which he finally achieved around 5 a.m. (0300 GMT), according to domestic news agency SAPA.
Olckers said Sexwale, who had entered the courtyard where the prisoners had gathered alone, was still negotiating with the 500 prisoners way after dawn.
The unrest in the jail began after the South African Prisoners' Organisation for Human Rights (SAPOHR), issued a call Wednesday for "peaceful action" by prisoners, including work stoppages and hunger strikes, to demand political amnesty.
It was developed in 1992 after six years' research by the Australian company Sunsafe, in conjunction with Unisearch, the commercial arm of the University of New South Wales, said Bernie Thompson, managing director of Sunsafe.
Shells rain on Aden  ADEN, Yemen, June 10 (AFP)  Northern heavy artillery gunners shelled the southern stronghold of Aden on Friday, a day after the collapse of the latest ceasefire in Yemen's civil war.
On Thursday, violent artillery duals erupted outside Aden, breaking a new ceasefire less than three hours after it came into force, correspondents reported.
Sergeant Gerry Collard, 48, confirmed Friday he resigned after a 23-year career -- alleging that racism had become entrenched among the State's 4000 police.
This is the third national-level meeting of the Congress party's leadership after Rao became the prime minister following the assassination of Rajiv Gandhi during an election rally in May 1991.
Police commandos kill five Tamil rebels  COLOMBO, June 10 (AFP)  Elite police commandos shot dead five Tamil guerrillas and lost one of their own men in eastern Sri Lanka, hours after the rebels killed eight security personnel, military officials said Friday.
Nearly 300 Palestinian prisoners enter Jericho  JERICHO, West Bank, June 10 (AFP)  Nearly 300 Palestinian prisoners agreed Friday to enter this self-rule enclave after a night spent in buses as Israel and the Palestinians haggled over their fate, a police spokesman said.
At least two killed as shells rain on Aden  ADEN, Yemen, June 10 (AFP)  Northern heavy artillery gunners shelled the southern stronghold of Aden on Friday, a day after the collapse of the latest ceasefire in Yemen's civil war.
On Thursday, violent artillery duals erupted outside Aden, breaking a new ceasefire less than three hours after it came into force, correspondents reported.
The announcement came three weeks after an embittered Honda ended its cross-shareholding ties with Rover Group Ltd.
Collenette, who held talks with Tlass shortly after arriving in the Syrian capital late Thursday, was to inspect the 220 Canadian troops in the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF) on the Golan Heights.
But the slogan-shouting continued even after Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao arrived, and many delegates repeatedly demanded that Sonia Gandhi, 47, be invited to sit on the dias with party leaders.
"We have made the request to Madame, but she wants to sit down and watch the proceedings," said Congress general secretary Sushil Shinde, after the shouting failed to die down.
The Congress had urged Sonia, a mother of two, to take over the party leadership after her husband's assassination.
She refused and has been involved in the work of a foundation named after her late husband.
Palestinians free Islamic militant in Gaza  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, June 10 (AFP)  Gaza police have released the first Islamic militant they arrested after two weeks of questioning on suspicion that he took part in the murder of two Israeli soldiers, officials said Friday.
Hani Abed, a 31-year-old who worked in a media bureau, was detained on May 27, a week after Moslem fundamentalists gunned down two sergeants near the Erez crossing into the Gaza Strip.
Officials in Amman say that in the next few months, the two countries will start preparing a peace treaty after setting up a commission to map out the border.
In Gitarama, 50 kilometers (30 miles) to the south of the capital, there was a "standstill" in the rebels' drive to capture that town where the interim government which the mainly Tutsi rebels reject is holed up after fleeing the capital last month.
UN humanitarian flights were suspended after government forces shelled the airport as a UN plane was landing.
The evacuation of civilians blocked behind enemy lines on both sides was stopped after a convoy was fired in an attack attributed to the rebels.
Nearly 300 Palestinian prisoners freed, but confined to Jericho by Nejla Sammakia  JERICHO, West Bank, June 10 (AFP)  Israel finally freed 287 Palestinian prisoners on Friday after they agreed to stay in this self-rule enclave for 48 hours while negotiations go on over their fate.
The stand-off was settled before dawn -- at least for the next 48 hours -- after the prisoners spent the night in buses outside the town, Palestinian police spokesman Mohammad Shaker said.
"The prison authorities told us we would go home after three months," said Mahmoud Hussein, 22, jailed for life after killing a Palestinian collaborator.
He said the deployment of more UN troops to reinforce the 470 peacekeepers left in Rwanda after most of the 2,500-strong force withdrew in April as carnage engulfed the small central African country was "already weeks late."
Antonio Oliveira was sacked last season by club side Sporting Braga after a run of bad results.
Sexwale arrived at the prison after midnight in an effort to secure the release of the hostage, which he finally achieved around 5 a.m. (0300 GMT), according to SAPA.
At J.C. Steyn prison on the outskirts of Uitenhague in Eastern Cape province, meanwhile, hundreds of prisoners Friday morning occupied a prison courtyard after using their beds to smash down cell walls during the night, Correctional Services spokesman Paul du Plessis said.
At Brandvlei prison near the Western Cape town of Worcester, 31 prisoners were admitted to hospital on Thursday after several cells were torched, a prison official said.
He also urged the state government to consider a syringe-exchange program for jailed drug users after what was claimed as the world's first proven case of HIV transmission in jail.
In a letter to the Medical Journal of Australia, Hall said the first definite case involved a 32-year-old man jailed in Australia from before 1980 until after 1990, who had no history of blood transfusion, haemophilia or overseas travel.
He is believed to have contracted HIV after he shared a needle with another inmate although he is also said to have had his first homosexual contact in jail.
French rugby boss in red card row  PARIS, June 10 (AFP)  French rugby boss Bernard Lapasset on Friday claimed English players were getting preferential treatment after being sent off and demanded a top-level inquiry.
The French federation president spoke out after the recent incidents involving French centre Philippe Sella, shown the red card against Canada, and England's back row forward Tim Rodber who was sent off against South African side Eastern Province.
Rodber meanwhile, who let off a volley of punches in retaliation after a clash with Simon Tremain on Tuesday, escaped a ban.
Tremain was also sent off after the incident.
                    Yugo-Bosnia                     500 words around 1130 GMT     LONDON:         Prime Minister John Major's political future                     looks bleak after his Conservative Party suffers                     yet another humiliating electoral drubbing in                     by-elections -- a setback expected to be                     repeated when the results of European                     Parliamentary polls are released on Sunday.
                    Yemen,                     500 words around 1115 GMT                     by Maher Chmaytelli     JERICHO,     West Bank:      Israel finally frees 287 Palestinian prisoners                     after they agree to stay in this self-rule                     enclave for 48 hours while negotiations go on                     over their fate.
The country plunged back into conflict after UNITA refused to accept defeat in UN-supervised general elections in September 1992.
Passengers, crew safe after fire on transport off Greece  ATHENS, June 10 (AFP)  All 79 people on board a Maltese-registered transporter, Saray Star, were safely evacuated after the vessel burst into flames early Friday in the Ionian Sea off Greece, officials said.
The seventy-five crew and four passengers were taken aboard another Maltese-registered vessel, Queen Vergina, which came to the transporter's assistance after the fire broke out in the ship's kitchen, the Greek merchant marine ministry said.
The fire on the 7,236 tonne Saray Star started when it was northwest of the Greek island of Caphalonia after sailing from Piraeus, the main port near Athens.
It spread quickly throughout the vessel and was still burning an hour later after everyone had been evacuated, officials said.
The plane landed normally after what Air Inter said Friday was a "minor incident."
The company said that the pilots, who were coming in to land on Wednesday, forgot to switch off loudspeakers after they announced to passengers that they were beginning their descent.
Sterling slumps after devastating by-election results for Major  LONDON, June 10 (AFP)  Sterling fell sharply against the main European currencies early on Friday after the governing Conservative party was routed in five by- elections on Thursday.
Chernomyrdin returns to Russia after kidney treatment  MAINZ, Germany, June 10 (AFP)  Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin left for home Friday after treatment at the Mainz university clinic for a kidney complaint, a spokesman for the state of Rhineland Palatinate said.
The series of decrees announced at a news conference marking the third anniversary of Yeltsin's election to the presidency came after a first wave of economic measures ordered last month to deepen free-market reforms.
The price of shares in BAA, which runs the services at British airports, rose by six pence to 935 after reporting that passenger traffic had risen by 6.5 percent in May on an annual basis.
HSBC Holdings fell seven pence to 708 after falls in Hong Kong.
Two pilots die in South Korean jet fighter crash  SEOUL, June 10 (AFP)  Two pilots were confirmed dead after a South Korean Air Force jet fighter crashed in the central province of North Chungchong on Friday, the defense ministry here said.
Conservative electoral defeats call Major's future into question by Allen Nacheman  LONDON, June 10 (AFP)  John Major's future as the prime minister of Britain looked bleak Friday after his Conservative Party was jolted by yet another humiliating drubbing at the polls.
"Mr. Major, change your policies or change your job," Eastleigh victor David Chidgey chided the premier after the vote.
It also appeals, through the IAEA's council of governors, the agency's most powerful body after the general gonference, to North Korea to "cooperate fully" with the agency's secretariat, allowing it complete access to all information and sites as agreed in the IAEA accords.
"The goal is to have a couple of weeks of hearings, go home for recess (August 15) and everyone forget about it," Republican Senator Trent Lott of Mississippi said after five hours of heated debate late Thursday.
It would also look into the Park Service Police investigation into the death of White House deputy counsel Vincent Foster, and the White House's handling of Foster's documents after his apparent suicide.
The Democratic proposal seeks to begin Senate hearings after special investigator Robert Fiske completes the first phase of his inquiry, while the Republicans want the hearings to begin as soon as possible, claiming they would not interfere with Fiske's investigation.
Japan expresses regret over China's nuclear test  TOKYO, June 10 (AFP)  Japan expressed regret Friday at China's underground nuclear test conducted on the same day after ignoring US appeals, and strongly urged China not to repeat such tests.
Sar Kheng -- who is also co-interior minister -- like many leading members of the government installed by the Vietnamese after they ousted the radical faction from power, was previously a member of the Khmer Rouge but defected.
And he should know, he is after all "minister" for tourism in the Palestinian Authority.
Former defence minister Ariel Sharon admitted regretting that Arafat had not been killed when Israeli troops had him in their sights after entering Beirut during the 1982 invasion of Lebanon.
Gonzalez could call confidence vote after EU elections  MADRID, June 10 (AFP)  Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez, whose ruling corruption-hit Socialist party is expected to do badly in Sunday's Euro-vote, on Friday ruled out early national elections but would not exclude a confidence vote.
But he acknowledged that any elections "imply a certain (political) test" and did not rule out a parliamentary confidence vote in his government after the European elections.
Violent artillery duels between rival northern and southern forces resumed late Thursday less than three hours after a ceasefire called by President Ali Abdallah Saleh came into effect, an AFP correspondent reported.
A military statement in Sanaa accused southern forces led by Ali Salem al-Baid of violating the ceasefire only half an hour after it started.
The division, commanded by General Heinz Lammerding who never had to face trial after the war, was heavily armed with more than 120 tanks, self-propelled 75 mm cannons, half-tracks, and high-speed vehicles.
Nigerian gets death sentence for drug offence  SINGAPORE, June 10 (AFP)  A 40-year-old Nigerian who described himself as a part-time pastor was sentenced to death by the High Court here Friday after being found guilty of heroin trafficking,  court officials said.
Sabinus Nkem Okpebie was arrested at the Changi International Airport last September after arriving from Jakarta on transit to Lagos.
Schneider collapsed after the founder Juergen Schneider disappeared, leaving debts estimated to total about five billion marks (three billion dollars).
Newspapers and cellmates arrested after him were his main source of information about life on the West Bank under Israeli rule.
Danes pick up anti-European torch by Slim Allagui  COPENHAGEN, June 10 (AFP)  Denmark, despite winning a special status within the European Union, is the most anti-European of its 12 member states, according to exit polls published after European parliamentary elections here.
The anti-Maastricht June Movement and Anti-EC Movement won between four and five seats in the Strasbourg-based parliament, exit polls published after polls closed Thursday.
The June Movement, created after Danish voters narrowly rejected the treaty in an earlier vote on June 2, 1992, is expected to have taken between 14.7 and 16.2 percent of the votes Thursday and to win three seats in Strasbourg.
He too warned it would "give the Serbs time to strengthen their weak points" after they were put on the defensive.
Nineteen-year-old Rasim Meskic, tired after a 24-hour guard in the trenches east of Maglaj, worried the truce "would freeze front lines and play the Serbs' game."
UN envoy leaves Sanaa to meet southern leaders  SANAA, June 10 (AFP)  UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi left Friday to meet southern leaders after making what he called "a good start" in efforts to halt Yemen's civil war, Sanaa Radio reported.
The 12 accords were part of the implementation of the overall military agreement signed in April to resume the sale of Russian arms to Syria, after a three-year break, the sources said.
"Japan is the second- biggest lorry market in the world after the United States, even though sales declined last year," the company said.
Mario Santo Di Matteo, who was arrested soon after the May 1992 car bomb attack on the road from Palermo airport, rapidly turned state evidence and supplied details which enabled investigators to put together a precise reconstruction of events.
Di Matteo's personal situation was also problematic, because his family in the Sicilian village of Altofonte, where the mafia is very strong, publicly disassociated itself from him after he turned state evidence.
Police said they expected to find more bodies as workers continue to search for survivors after an earthquake triggered landslides Monday along the Paez river.
Saudi beheaded after double murder to cover up adultery  RIYADH, June 10 (AFP)  A Saudi man was beheaded in the western city of Medina on Friday after murdering a couple to make sure he was not denounced for adultery, the interior ministry said.
It said Abdallah Harbi was found guilty of killing the two fellow Saudis in their sleep, out of fear they would report him to the police for adultery after he was seen "alone with a young girl."
Police said they expected to find more bodies as workers continue to search for survivors after an earthquake triggered landslides Monday along the Paez river.
Shortly after the opening, the greenback was at 1.6665 German marks against 1.6680 German marks at Thursday's close and at 103.93 yen against 103.95 yen.
Prisoners granted six-month remission after crisis talks  JOHANNESBURG, June 10 (AFP)  The minister responsible for South Africa's prisons announced Friday a six-month blanket remission for common-law convicts, following crisis talks on jail riots in which at least two inmates died.
Another warder, who had been taken hostage at Modderbee prison, was released by prisoners after the intervention of PWV province premier Tokyo Sexwale.
At J.C. Steyn prison on the outskirts of Uitenhague in Eastern Cape province, meanwhile, hundreds of prisoners Friday morning occupied a prison courtyard after using their beds to smash down cell walls during the night, Correctional Services spokesman Paul du Plessis said.
At Brandvlei prison near the Western Cape town of Worcester, 31 prisoners were admitted to hospital on Thursday after several cells were torched, a prison official said.
Observers cite a good possibility that the next Labour leader will become prime minister after the 1996 general elections.
UN envoy leaves Sanaa to meet southern leaders by Laurence Peter  SANAA, June 10 (AFP)  UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi left Friday to meet southern leaders after making what he called "a good start" in efforts to halt Yemen's civil war, Sanaa Radio reported.
In a statement quoted by the official news agency SABA Brahimi voiced his "disappointment" that a ceasefire announced by President Ali Abdallah Saleh, a northerner, had collapsed late Thursday after less than three hours.
Brahimi contacted government officials late Thursday after the ceasefire was broken and had also met with UN aid officials Friday to evaluate Yemen's humanitarian needs, Friji said.
An alliance of nationalist groups -- including families of the war dead, Shintoist politicians and war veterans -- organised the rally after controversy last month over a cabinet minister's remarks on Japan's wartime past.
Shigeto Nagano, former army chief of staff, resigned as justice minister after triggering outrage by saying the Nanjing massacre was a "fabrication" and that Japan had not waged a "war of aggression" half a century ago.
Shortly after trading opened, the Dow Jones Index of 30 leading industrials was 3.08 points (0.08 percent) up at 3,756.22 points.
Three soldiers were taken to hospital after the attack, which police said was doubtless carried out by a mortar mounted on the back of a truck, but military sources said their lives were not at risk.
Friday's plan was seen as a political second best for Shevardnadze after he signed an unpopular peace agreement with the Abkhazians in April in the hope of enticing a UN peacekeeping force to the region.
It comes as US authorities prepare to put into effect a new policy on Haitian refugees after Clinton came under strong criticism for continuing his predecessor George Bush's practice of turning them back at sea.
Aden's hopes for running water evaporate by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, Yemen, June 10 (AFP)  Hopes evaporated here Friday for restoring the city's running water after Yemen's second ceasefire in a week collapsed.
Violent artillery duals erupted on two fronts outside the southern stronghold of Aden late Thursday, about three hours after a ceasefire declared by President Ali Abdallah Saleh during talks with UN envoy Lakhdar Brahimi came into force.
Heavy shelling erupted late Thursday after a brief respite shortly after a second ceasefire called by the north came into force.
But the second halt in hostilities lasted less than three hours, following the pattern of the first ceasefire from midnight Monday which collapsed after only six hours.
The news agency said the Harkat-ul-Ansar group had said in a statement Friday that Kim Housego, 16, and David Mackie, 36, would be set free after the militants shifted their camp in the mountains.
Modise is an ANC member of the President Nelson Mandela's government of national unity and was commander of the ANC's military wing before becoming defence minister after the ANC's victory in April elections.
In this 210km mountainous stage from Cuneo to Les Deux-Alpes, Colombian Nelson Rodriguez came second after a break on the climb to the finish.
Berzin finished with the same time as second-placed Marco Pantani of Italy and third placed Spaniard Miguel Indurain after this gruelling stretch with four climbs.
                    NKorea-nuclear-IAEA,lead                     500 words around 1700 GMT                     by Wolfgang Schweitzer     ADEN,     Yemen:          Another ceasefire collapses as                     northern artillery gunners blast                     the southern stronghold of Aden,                     killing seven people and wounding 22,                     officials say                     Yemen,lead                     550 words around 1615 GMT                     by Maher Chmaytelli     ADEN,     Yemen:          Hopes evaporate here for restoring the                     city's running water after Yemen's                     second ceasefire in a week collapses.
French refrain from comment on Chinese nuclear test  PARIS, June 10 (AFP)  France declined to comment Friday after China announced it had carried out an underground nuclear test, as officials merely broadly reaffirmed Paris' traditional position on testing.
The Harkat-ul-Ansar (Movement of Friends) group said in the statement released in the Kashmir summer capital Friday that Kim Housego, 16, and David Mackie, 36, would be freed after the militants shifted their camp, PTI said.
President Bill Clinton spent the best part of an hour on the telephone with his South Korean counterpart Kim Young-Sam after the announcement.
News of Carter's trip came amid heightened tension on the Korean peninsula after Washington said last week it would seek UN sanctions because the International Atomic Energy Agency could no longer guarantee that Pyongyang was not diverting nuclear material for military use.
The move came a day after Pyongyang threatened Japan with massive destruction if it joined any sanctions effort, and despite Chinese opposition to such a move.
    BEIJING:       Japanese Foreign Minister Koji Kakizawa                    visits for talks with officials, after                    a stopover in Seoul.
In Gitarama, 50 kilometers (30 miles) to the south of the capital, there was a "standstill" in the rebels' drive to capture that town where the interim government which the mainly Tutsi rebels reject is holed up after fleeing the capital last month.
UN humanitarian flights to Rwanda were suspended Sunday after government forces shelled the airport as a UN plane was landing.
The evacuation of civilians blocked behind enemy lines on both sides was stopped after a convoy was fired in an attack attributed to the rebels.
The government daily Jornal de Angola meanwhile commented that peace appeared "infinitely far away after more than 16 years of conflict."
The country plunged back into conflict after UNITA refused to accept defeat in the UN-supervised elections of September 1992.
The government failed Thursday to push through such a bill, which would have been the first of its kind anywhere in Canada, even after watering it down.
Hong Kong defends brokers' sneak preview of housing plan  HONG KONG, June 10 (AFP)  Hong Kong's British administration sought Friday to head off allegations of inciting insider trading on the futures market, after revelations that it gave a select group of stock analysts and property agents a sneak preview of its blueprint to control housing prices.
Full details of Governor Chris Patten's plan for cooling down Hong Kong's sizzling property market were made public four hours later, after the stock exchange had closed.
At a news briefing immediately after the announcement, the US special envoy on Haiti, William Gray, said that "this ban does not apply to humanitarian activities", and remittances of up to 50 dollars a month for Haitians who depend on such funds will be allowed.
Artillery duels between rival northern and southern forces resumed late Thursday less than three hours after a ceasefire called by President Ali Abdallah Saleh, a northerner, came into effect.
Brahimi contacted northern leaders Thursday in Sanaa after the ceasefire was broken, UN spokesman in Yemen Nejib Friji said without elaborating.
Meanwhile some 500,000 residents in Aden have been cut off from running water for six days after northern warplanes attacked a pumping station.
Apell through to semis  LONDON, June 10 (AFP)  Sweden's Jan Apell continued his impressive run after beating home favourite Jeremy Bates in the quarter-finals of the ATP men's tennis tournament at Queen's Club here on Friday.
(changing dateline) Violations shake Bosnian truce by Helen Despic-Popovic  SARAJEVO, June 10 (AFP)  Violations and mutual accusations by both sides left a UN-brokered truce between Bosnian government and separatist Serb forces looking shaky barely hours after it came into effect at midday (1000 GMT) Friday.
Five hours after the truce began Serb forces were still refusing UNPROFOR liaison officers to cross their lines to take up position at Serb command posts, UNPROFOR said.
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher said after talks with Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev that a resolution to that effect would be presented to the UN Security Council "in the next few days."
Defence minister backs down after ANC criticism  JOHANNESBURG, June 10 (AFP)  The South African defence minister on Friday backed down after attempting to muzzle a newspaper's revelations about disgruntled former military agents, following criticism from the ruling African National Congress (ANC).
The minister, Joe Modise, said in a statement that he would only decide whether to proceed with court action against the Weekly Mail and Guardian after he had studied the "relevant information."
SWANSEA, June 10 (AFP)  New Zealand bt Glamorgan by eight wickets after the third and final day of their tour match here on Friday Glamorgan 361 (O D Gibson 85, H Morris 84, C Pringle 5-58) 226-6 dec (P A Cottey 90 no) v New Zealand 282-5 dec (S P Fleming 151)  306-2 (K R Rutherford 115, B A Young 95, S A Thomson 50 no).
The zinc refinery, Presussag AG unit Metaleurop said it was likely to start refining again in March or April 1995 at its Noyelles-Godot plant in France after an explosion in January led it to close all its 10 zinc refinery columns.
The price of shares in the Commercial Union insurance company fell by five pence to 533 pence after the French company Suez had announced shortly before the close of trading that it was prepared to sell the British company its Victoire insurance business for 12.5 billion francs (2.19 billion dollars).
After begining the week relatively calm, the price of coffee soared anew on Wednesday and Thursday, after a new speculative raid on the coffee market in London and New York.
(new series) Gym-floor firm files for bankrupcty after directors' arrest  BIELEFELD, Germany, June 10 (AFP)  The sports-hall flooring company Balsam, four of whose directors have been arrested for fraud, filed for bankruptcy Friday, a Bielefeld court spokesman said.
This third company scandal in recent months after Metallgesellschaft and the Schneider real estate collapse prompted former Bundesbank president Karl-Otto Poehl to express his concern Friday at the number of such cases.
India decided to import sugar after a shortage in its domestic production.
Man reduced its estimates for world consumption in 1993-1994 (October to September) to 111.4 million tonnes after a cut in demand from central and eastern Europe, and reduced Indian consumption after higher prices.
The price of the majority of oils weakened this week after speculators withdrew.
Palm oil declined on lower demand, after elevated prices in recent weeks.
The reason for this spectacular rise was mainly due to a rise in Indonesian rubber -- which is seen as a reference price -- after large-scale buying from Chinese industry.
Normally, China buys its rubber from Thailand, which is the world's premier producer, but the price of Thai rubber shot higher in spring after a cut in the country's production.
Elsewhere, exports of Indian tea were predicted to be lower than expected after weak world demand and increased internal demand.
That was to announce that economic talks between the two had broken down after months of seeking agreement over how to handle Japan's huge trade surplus with the United States.
Committee head Mohammad Mansour of Egypt made the announcement to reporters after a tour of the Syrian-controlled valley and said he would recommend UN financing of projects to help farmers grow other crops.
Police said they expected to find more bodies as workers continue to search for survivors after a strong earthquake Monday triggered landslides along the Paez river in Cauca province.
Eight Colombian Red Cross workers on a rescue mission Monday were confirmed dead after being trapped in a mudslide.
The press has sharply criticized the government's rescue effort, which began 48 hours after the landslides struck.
Leaders in the remote area complained that four days after the quake some 3,000 people had not yet received assistance.
Ampofo back as fight centre-spread  LONDON, June 10 (AFP)  British flyweight champion Francis Ampofo hopes he'll be able to give up his other job -- selling fight programmes -- after this week-end.
While Ampofo's career has been on hold after a brain scan discovered an irregularity, he has had to sell programmes in the foyer of York Hall.
"I was nine months out of sparring and this fight comes a year after my last conest.
In suspending technical aid, the IAEA made one of its toughest ever decisions against a member state Iraq also saw technical aid removed after Baghdad violated an accord granting the IAEA inspection rights.
German stocks in roller-coaster as new scandal breaks  FRANKFURT, June 10 (AFP)  German stocks roller-coastered over the week on the Frankfurt bourse, with banks recovering late on after dipping in the wake of reports of a new finance scandal.
Elsewhere, Daimler-Benz slithered 30 marks to 775 after an announcement by Boeing it would be seeking a court action against Airbus, of which Daimler-Benz is a partner through its DASA arm.
The insurance giant Commercial Union rose one pence to 533, but fell at the end of trading Friday after the company confirmed rumours that it would buy the French insurance group Victoire for around 12.5 billion French francs.
The airport services group BAA, which announced a 13 percent rise in annual pre-tax profits to 322 million pounds rose 12 pence to 950, while the electricty generator PowerGen added 20.5 pence to 487 after reporting a 12 percent hike in annual profits.
Among those declining, the Vodafone Group lost five pence to 512 after announcing 80 million pounds worth of start-up costs in the current year.
Lonrho dropped eight pence to 133 after lower six-month profits.
London International Group, which specialises in condoms, dropped nine pence to 92 after announcing a rights issue of 115 million pounds.
Porto win Portuguese Cup  LISBON, June 10 (AFP)  FC Porto won its eighth Portuguese Cup after beating Sporting Lisbon 2-1 in a replay here on Friday.
Copper soars to 17 month high  LONDON, June 10 (AFP)  Copper soared on Friday to a high since September 1992, lifting to 2,425 dollars per tonne during the day, but closed lower after traders took profits, dealers said.
Copper closed 10 dollars lower on the Thursday close at 2,385 dollars per tonne after sentiment was later dented by a correction in warehouse stocks.
The team led by US envoy Mark Silver arrived in Baghdad for a two-week mission after leaving from the Bahraini capital early on Friday, he said.
Only Colin Montgomerie and Paul Broadhurt, with two rounds of 69 for 138, and another Scot, Andrew Coltart, are between Allenby and Davis, who is now flourishing on the greens after making a complete conversion to the Bernhard Langer split handed putting method.
David used to putt Langer style up to 15 feet from the hole, but earlier this year after an extended lay off following a tendon injury to his left wrist, decided to commit himself totally to the German's method of gripping the inside of the left wrist with his right hand which also clasps the putter shaft.
Davis had three birdies and an eagle from 20 feet at the third to take command in his best performance since he had to withdraw from a battle with Montgomerie for last summer's Dutch Open after hurting his wrist.
Allenby had an eagle and three birdies in a homeward 31 after starting his second round with eleven successive pars.
Gooch reached his first 50 off 88 balls and then, after a quiet spell in the 90s, reached his fourth ton of the campaign off 158 deliveries with 17 fours and a six.
At Bradford, Somerset were left struggling to avoid the follow-on against Yorkshire - looking for their first championship win of the season - after being reduced to 195 for eight in reply to the home side's 424.
Rutherford, who retired at the tea interval with a pulled hamstring after making 115, added 222 for the second wicket with Bryan Young.
Glamorgan had declared on 226 for six at lunch, setting New Zealand 306 to win from 72 overs, after Tony Cottey had made an unbeaten 90.
The Canadian announcement came hours after US President Bill Clinton announced new sanctions against Haiti, including a ban on commercial aircraft, in a bid to pressure the military-backed government to step down.
But it is Charlton, 56, who will capture the public imagination after his climb through the ranks.
A World Cup winner along with Jack when England beat West Germany back in 1966 -- manager Alf Ramsey became a Sir after that triumph -- Charlton's first mention on the Honours' List came in 1969 when he was given the OBE, before his eventual CBE.
UN sees "decrease in activity" after Bosnia truce by Helen Despic-Popovic  SARAJEVO, June 10 (AFP)  UN Protection Force spokesmen in Bosnia-Hercegovina reported a "decrease in activity" Friday after a UN-brokered truce between government and separatist Serb forces came into effect at noon (1000 GMT).
A UN liason officer with the 3rd corps of the mainly Moslem Bosnian army based at the central town of Zenica indicated the order to apply the ceasefire had only arrived at the corps' headquarters some five hours after Wednesday's truce was supposed to come into effect as from noon.
In a brief statement outside the court-room after the hearing, Rostenkowski, 66, said that he was determined to fight the case in court and was confident he would clear his name.
The proposal came after Saleh agreed to a ceasefire during talks Thursday with UN envoy Lakhdar Brahimi, but which collapsed around three hours later.
The new proposal came after Saleh agreed to a ceasefire during talks Thursday with UN envoy Lakhdar Brahimi, but which collapsed around three hours later.
IAEA suspends technical assistance to North Korea by Wolfgang Schweitzer  VIENNA, June 10 (AFP)  North Korea threatened to leave the International Atomic Energy Agency on Friday after the organisation suspended technical assistance to it because of the Stalinist regime's refusal to allow access to nuclear facilities.
"We are practically out" of the IAEA, said Yun Ho Jin, the first adviser to North Korea's embassy here, after the 35-member IAEA board of governors voted by 28 votes to one, with four abstensions, to block technical aid worth 270,000 dollars last year.
IAEA Director General Hans Blix said after the vote that North Korea was still a member of the organisation until such time as it decided to leave.
The IAEA agreed the sanctions after Pyongyang continued to refuse to let monitors have full access to nuclear sites suspected of producing material for nuclear arms.
Watson was in a coma for 40 days after  being stopped in the 12th round of the fight.
He was speaking after a meeting of the North Atlantic Cooperation Council comprising NATO and the countries of the former Soviet empire.
"The United States deeply regrets this action," the White House said in a statement after China detonated the bomb estimated to be between 10 and 60 kilotons.
On the bond market, interest rates for the bellwether 30-year Treasury bond climbed to 7.31 percent from 7.27 percent Thursday after traders analyzed the wholesale price report.
Police said they expected to find more bodies as workers continued to search for survivors after a strong earthquake Monday triggered landslides along the Paez river in Cauca province.
The president said he believed relief had improved to the victims after a slow start.
The press has sharply criticized the government's rescue effort, which began 48 hours after the landslides struck.
Leaders in the remote area complained that four days after the quake some 3,000 people had not yet received assistance.
Eight Colombian Red Cross workers on a rescue mission Monday were confirmed dead after being trapped in a mudslide.
Soon after the January quake, which killed 51 people and wrecked the network of freeways that glue the sprawling city together, inspectors pronounced the stadium safe, and FIFA officials voiced their confidence in the structure.
Southern Yemen proclaimed its independence from the north on May 21, two weeks after the start of a civil war and only a year after the two countries merged to form a fragile union.
US approves Nigerian flights  WASHINGTON, June 10 (AFP)  Nigeria Airways planes carrying the nation's World Cup team and its supporters will be allowed to fly to the United States only after security checks in Senegal, US officials said Friday.
No cargo or passengers may be carried on flights returning from US airports to Senegal after delegations have arrived, nor from Senegal to the United States in coming back to pick up the Nigerian group, Gretch said.
US approves Nigerian flights  WASHINGTON, June 10 (AFP)  Nigeria Airways planes carrying the nation's World Cup team and its supporters will be allowed to fly to the United States only after security checks in Senegal, US officials said Friday.
No cargo or passengers may be carried on flights returning from US airports to Senegal after delegations have arrived, nor from Senegal to the United States in coming back to pick up the Nigerian group, Gretch said.
(new series) Canada to ask its nationals to leave Haiti  PORT-AU-PRINCE, June 10 (AFP)  Canada will ask most of its nationals to leave Haiti by June 25, an embassy spokesman said after Ottawa announced it would join the United States and suspend commercial flights to and from Haiti.
First-round leader Mike Reid was one stroke behind after a 70 Friday, with Japan's Joe Ozaki tied for third at 136 with John Wilson.
The cat to beware could be Fred Couples, returning to the PGA Tour after a three-month absence because of a back injury.
"The shells were certainly fired by Rwandan government forces," United Nations military spokesman Major Jean-Guy Plante charged after the attack.
Ex-champion Riddick Bowe has canceled his past two fights after injuries suffered in training.
The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials gained 1.23 points for the week to close at 3,773.45 after Friday's 20-point surge in the wake of a report showing a 0.1 percent decline in May wholesale prices.
Pepsico was among the big losers after announcing it would have flat second-quarter earnings, falling to 31-1/8 from 36 a week earlier.
Prisoners seize control of Uruguay's largest jail  MONTEVIDEO, June 10 (AFP)  Less than 24 hours after putting down an uprising in Uruguay's largest jail, authorities lost control of the prison Friday in a new wave of riots.
Saleh's southern rival and former vice president, Ali Salem al-Baid, declared independence on May 21, only a year after North and South Yemen merged to form a fragile union.
In another declaration on Aden television Friday evening, southern officials said they had recaptured most of the northeastern oil- producing Chabwa province from nothern forces after heavy fighting.
North Korea meanwhile ordered the last two International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors to leave after the IAEA voted in Vienna to suspend technical assistance to Pyongyang, one of the most severe sanctions it can apply.
South Korea meanwhile announced plans for a civilian disaster relief exercise in August including rice rationing, water and electricity cuts in a simulated "panic situation," a day after saying the North Korean army was on its highest alert since 1990.
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher said after talks with Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev in Istanbul, where the two were attending a NATO meeting, that a resolution to that effect would be presented to the UN Security Council "in the next few days."
But the problem has been simmering for more than a year, after Pyongyang threatened to withdraw from the nuclear non-proliferation treaty and started blocking IAEA inspections of its facilities.
    HARRISON, New York, June 10 (AFP) - Results here Friday after the second  round of the 1.2 million-dollar PGA Westchester Classic (USA unless noted):     134 - Ernie Els (S Africa) 68-66     135 - Mike Reid 65-70     136 - Joe Ozaki (Japan) 69-67, John Wilson 68-68     137 - Bob Estes 66-71, Dillard Pruitt 66-71, Brad Bryant 70-67     138 - Brad Faxon 70-68, Bob Burns 71-67, Steve Pate 66-72, Lee Janzen  69-69, Jay Haas 68-70, Robin Freeman 69-69     139 - Fred Couples 70-69, Blaine McCallister 72-67, Fred Funk 69-70, Brett  Ogle (Australia) 69-70     ...
The donors, in a statement issued after a meeting here, also confirmed a pledge to provide 720 million dollars this year to fund specific projects to improve the lives of the Palestinian population in the two regions where Israel has granted autonomy.
Observers cite a strong possibility that the next Labour leader will become prime minister after the 1996 general elections.
    BROOKLYN PARK, Minnesota, June 10 (AFP) - Results here Friday after the  first round of the 500,000-dollar LPGA Minnesota Classic (USA unless noted):     67 - Nanci Bowen, Jane Geddes     68 - Liselotte Neumann (Sweden), Noelle Daghe, Lenore Rittenhouse     69 - Jody Anschutz, Janice Gibson, Rosie Jones, Barb Thomas, Dottie  Mochrie, Cindy Schreyer     70 - Beth Daniel, Laurie Browser, Julie Larsen, Tina Barrett, Val Skinner,  Kris Tschetter, Chris Johnson, Michelle Mackall, Cindy Figg-Currier     ...
US and Israel to develop unmanned airborne anti-missile system  WASHINGTON, June 10 (AFP)  Israel and the United States are developing a radar-evasive, unmanned airborne weapons system capable of shooting down Scud-type missiles in the critical seconds after launch, a report said Friday.
Specifications call for the UAV to carry a new air-to-air missile that could intercept Scud-type, ground-launched missiles in the first 65 to 80 seconds after launch.
The argument centers over modifying UAVs or use manned aircraft to carry interceptor missiles to kill ground rockets right after liftoff.
(AFP)     VIENNA: North Korea threatened to leave the International Atomic Energy  Agency after the organization suspended technical assistance because of the  Stalinist regime's refusal to allow access to nuclear facilities.
"We are  practically out" of the IAEA, said Yun Ho Jin, the first adviser to North  Korea's embassy, after the 35-member IAEA board of governors voted to block  technical aid worth 270,000 dollars.
South Korea meanwhile announced plans for  a civilian disaster relief exercise in August including rice rationing, water  and electricity cuts in a simulated "panic situation" a day after saying the  North Korean army was on its highest alert since 1990.
"The United States  deeply regrets this action," the White House said in a statement after China  detonated the bomb estimated to be between 10 and 60 kilotons.
The assembly was the last for OAS Secretary General Joao Baena Soares of Brazil, who is leaving after 10 years in the post and will be replaced by Colombian President Cesar Gaviria.
In a low-key announcement, Heritage Secretary Peter Brooke said plans had been reconsidered after last weekend's successful commemorative events in Britain and on the Normandy beaches in France.
Houston missed their final 12 shots from the field after taking a 79-76 lead with 6:31 to play.
Houston led for a total of less than 90 seconds just before and after half-time, their only edge until the fourth quarter.
Kakizawa's visit came a day after US Undersecretary of State Peter Tarnoff flew to Seoul.
Hata made the remarks a day after the Vienna-based IAEA, urging North Korea to accept full inspection of its suspect nuclear facilities, adopted a resolution suspending technical aid to Pyongyang.
An OAU committee representing the host Tunisia and Rwanda's neighbours -- Burundi, Zaire, Uganda, Tanzania, Kenya and Zambia -- convened Friday after meeting delegates from two warring factions and presented its findings to the preparatory ministerial council.
Rain brings relief to New Delhi after 18 die in heat spell by Anil Penna  NEW DELHI, June 11 (AFP)  Rain brought welcome relief to the Indian capital Saturday, a day after 18 people collapsed and died on the streets in blistering heat, pushing the summer death toll in northern India to nearly 350.
The vandalism issue was a major topic in the media in the United States earlier this year when an American student, Michael Fay, was ordered to be caned six times after pleading guilty to vandalising cars with spray paint.
Legamex was one of Vietnam's first joint stock companies and after it sold 660,000 dollars worth of shares in the 12 days after its privatisation, it was touted as an example of how to turn around the country's lumbering state firms.
But Son was sacked in April after inspectors uncovered evidence of fraud and illegally helping family members.
"They shared the view that at this point, there is no other way than to have the UN Security Council adopt a resolution for sanctions against the North," a presidential spokesman said after the two emerged from a 67-minute meeting.
He said Carter had been briefed by Assistant Secretary of State Robert Gallucci and a Clinton security aide after Carter informed the White House of his plan to visit the North.
Fighting eases after latest ceasefire call by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, Yemen, June 11 (AFP)  Fighting eased in southern Yemen Saturday after a declaration of a new ceasefire by President Ali Abdallah Saleh in a bid to end Yemen's five-week-old civil war.
UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi, meanwhile, arrived in the Saudi city of Jeddah from Amman after holding talks earlier this week in Sanaa as part of a peace mission.
Saleh's southern rival and former vice president, Ali Salem al-Baid, declared the YDR on May 21, four years after North and South Yemen merged to form a fragile union.
Southern officials said on Aden television late Friday that they had recaptured most of the eastern oil-producing Shabwa province from northern forces after heavy fighting.
The Wallabies led 21-6 after half an hour but Ireland fought back well in the second-half.
reopens (SEOUL) Kakizawa met for almost two hours with Han Sung-Joo after which a Japanese official said that in the talks the two had agreed that: "The two countries recognised the importance of their cooperation amid international afforts being promoted in order to resolve the (North Korean) problem."
North Korea ordered the last two International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors to leave after the IAEA voted Friday in Vienna to suspend technical assistance to Pyongyang for failing to allow inspections of its nuclear facilities.
Houston missed their final 12 shots from the field after taking a 79-76 lead with 6:31 to play.
Houston led for a total of less than 90 seconds just before and after half-time, their only edge until the fourth quarter.
    BROOKLYN PARK, Minnesota, June 10 (AFP) - Results here Friday after the  first round of the 500,000 dollar LPGA Minnesota Classic (USA unless noted):     67 - Nanci Bowen, Jane Geddes     68 - Liselotte Neumann (Sweden), Noelle Daghe, Lenore Rittenhouse     69 - Jody Anschutz, Janice Gibson, Rosie Jones, Barb Thomas, Dottie  Mochrie, Cindy Schreyer     70 - Beth Daniel, Laurie Browser, Julie Larsen, Tina Barrett, Val Skinner,  Kris Tschetter, Chris Johnson, Michelle Mackall, Cindy Figg-Currier     js 
    HARRISON, New York, June 10 (AFP) - Results here Friday after the second  round of the 1.2 million dollar PGA Westchester Classic (USA unless noted):     134 - Ernie Els (S Africa) 68-66     135 - Mike Reid 65-70     136 - Joe Ozaki (Japan) 69-67, John Wilson 68-68     137 - Bob Estes 66-71, Dillard Pruitt 66-71, Brad Bryant 70-67     138 - Brad Faxon 70-68, Bob Burns 71-67, Steve Pate 66-72, Lee Janzen  69-69, Jay Haas 68-70, Robin Freeman 69-69     139 - Fred Couples 70-69, Blaine McCallister 72-67, Fred Funk 69-70, Brett  Ogle (Australia) 69-70     jg/cw 
First-round leader Mike Reid was one stroke behind after a 70 Friday, with Japan's Joe Ozaki tied for third at 136 with John Wilson.
The cat to beware could be Fred Couples, returning to the PGA Tour after a three-month absence because of a back injury.
North halts shelling of Aden as clashes ease after ceasefire call by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, Yemen, June 11 (AFP)  Fighting eased in southern Yemen on Saturday after a new ceasefire announced by President Ali Abdallah Saleh in a bid to end the country's five-week-old civil war.
UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi, meanwhile, arrived in the Saudi city of Jeddah from Amman after holding talks earlier this week in Sanaa as part of a peace mission.
Saleh's southern rival and former vice president, Ali Salem al-Baid, declared the YDR on May 21, four years after North and South Yemen merged to form a fragile union.
Two other truces since June 6 have broken down after only a few hours, with each side accusing the other of failing to honour pledges.
Southern officials said on Aden television late Friday that they had recaptured most of the eastern oil-producing Shabwa province from northern forces after heavy fighting.
US approves Nigerian flights  WASHINGTON, June 10 (AFP)  Nigeria Airways planes carrying the nation's World Cup team and its supporters will be allowed to fly to the United States only after security checks in Senegal, US officials said Friday.
No cargo or passengers may be carried on flights returning from US airports to Senegal after delegations have arrived, nor from Senegal to the United States in coming back to pick up the Nigerian group, Gretch said.
"We appeal to Pakistan to stop aiding and abetting terrorists," added the 11-page resolution, approved by nearly 1,100 delegates with a show of hands after it was put to a vote.
Ex-champion Riddick Bowe has canceled his past two fights after injuries suffered in training.
Runaway Mafia turncoat surrenders  ROME, June 11 (AFP)  A Mafia turncoat who played a key role in a probe into the car-bomb killing of anti-Mafia judge Giovanni Falcone has given himself up 24 hours after escaping from a secret detention site, police said Saturday.
Di Matteo, whose revelations enabled police to put together a precise reconstruction of the Falcone murder, vanished late Thursday after the father of another turncoat was found hanged in Di Matteo's home village in Sicily.
Di Matteo's personal situation was also problematic, because his family in Altofonte, where the Mafia is entrenched, publicly disassociated itself from him after he turned state evidence.
Army officer kills seven, wounds two in random shooting  STOCKHOLM, June 10 (AFP)  A 24-year old Swedish officer shot dead seven people and wounded two others after firing at random in a wood where a party was underway at a restaurant near his barracks, police said Saturday.
Deadly reunion for four pre-war friends  VITEZ, Bosnia-Hercegovina, June 10 (AFP)  Two Croats and two Moslems, who were friends before the Bosnian war, decided to hold a reunion in central Bosnia after fighting each other for 10 months.
Striker Julio Salinas headed Spain into the lead after 10 minutes and five minutes from time Juan Castano, his partner in attack, scored the second goal.
Canadian keeper Paul Dolan was in briliant form, saving a powerful drive from Luis-Enrique Martinez after 20 minutes.
Explosions could be heard from the centre of Aden marking an end to a lull in fighting after the ceasefire called by the north came into force at midnight (2100 GMT) Friday.
The statement was issued after US Undersecretary of State for Political Affairs Peter Tarnoff met with President Kim Young-Sam, Foreign Minister Han Sung-Joo and Deputy Prime Minister Lee Hong-Koo.
Tarnoff told journalists at a brief airport press conference after the talks that work had started on a draft sanctions resolution and said he had "every expectation" that it would be passed by the UN Security Council.
As Tarnoff left, Kakizawa began his meetings with two hours of talks with Foreign Minister Han, after which a Japanese official said the two countries recognised that "proper" measures in the UN against North Korea should include sanctions.
A spokesman for the deputy prime minister said after his talks with Tarnoff that the two had agreed that sanctions against North Korea to try to persuade it to open its suspect nuclear sites to international inspection "should be started at a moderate level."
Kakizawa's spokesman said after his meetings with Kim Young-Sam, Han and Lee that Kakzawa had stressed that it was: "Very important that we have a joint approach.
Expelled IAEA inspector arrives in Beijing  BEIJING, June 11 (AFP)  International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) inspector Vladimir Rukhlo arrived here Friday from Pyongyang after North Korea ordered the expulsion of remaining IAEA team members from the country.
The North Korean order came after the IAEA voted Friday in Vienna to suspend technical assistance to Pyongyang in response to the Stalinist state's refusal to allow inspectors access to its nuclear facilities.
The move came as North Korea and the international community drew nearer to confrontation over Pyongyang's suspected development of nuclear weapons, after the United States and Russia agreed Friday to cooperate on a motion calling for the imposition of UN sanctions.
Australia began sensationally, snuffing out the early threat posed by Zheng and sprinting to a 24-9 lead after eight minutes.
(corrected repetition) Expelled IAEA inspector arrives in Beijing  BEIJING, June 11 (AFP)  International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) inspector Vladimir Rukhlo arrived here Saturday from Pyongyang after North Korea ordered the expulsion of remaining IAEA team members from the country.
The North Korean order came after the IAEA voted Friday in Vienna to suspend technical assistance to Pyongyang in response to the Stalinist state's refusal to allow inspectors access to its nuclear facilities.
The move came as North Korea and the international community drew nearer to confrontation over Pyongyang's suspected development of nuclear weapons, after the United States and Russia agreed Friday to cooperate on a motion calling for the imposition of UN sanctions.
Ceasefire negotiations resume after more fighting by Annie Thomas  KIGALI, June 11 (AFP)  A new round of UN-brokered talks aimed at securing a ceasefire in Rwanda's bloody inter-tribal conflict opened here Saturday after fresh clashes in the capital overnight and into the early morning.
In an interview with the daily Neue Westfaelische Zeitung, Kohl recalled that the last time German soldiers marched down the Champs Elysees was when they were taken prisoner after the fall of Paris to the Allied at the end of World War II.
UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi arrived in the Saudi city of Jeddah after holding talks earlier in the week as part of a UN peace mission to end the conflict which has raged since May 5 between rival north and south leaders.
The explosions were heard from the centre of Aden marking an end to a lull in fighting after the ceasefire called by the north came into force at midnight (2100 GMT) Friday.
There were no casualties as the offices were left empty after the company evacuated its last foreign workers earlier in the week.
Saleh's southern rival and former vice president, Ali Salem al-Baid, declared the YDR on May 21, four years after North and South Yemen merged to form a fragile union.
Two other truces since June 6 have broken down after only a few hours, with each side accusing the other of failing to honour pledges to halt the war raging since May 5.
Southern officials said on Aden television late Friday that they had recaptured almost all of the eastern oil-producing Shabwa province from northern forces after several days of heavy fighting.
UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi, meanwhile, arrived Saturday in the Saudi city of Jeddah from Amman after holding talks earlier this week in Sanaa as part of a peace mission.
Hosokawa resigned as prime minister in April after being grilled in parliament over a financial scandal.
Tehran and Washington broke diplomatic ties in 1980 after Iranian radical students stormed the US embassy here and took its staff hostage.
The inspector, Vladimir Rukhlo, was in fact returning to Vienna after completing a tour of duty and had been replaced.
Pakistani ethnic party chief vows retaliation  ISLAMABAD, June 11 (AFP)  The self-exiled leader of Pakistan's large Urdu-speaking community has threatened strong retaliation after a special court sentenced him to life imprisonment, it was reported here Saturday.
Editors Toab Khan, former press secretary to deposed Bangladeshi president Hussain Muhammad Ershad, and Borhan Ahmed, were arrested Wednesday and sent to the high-security Dhaka Central Jail after a court rejected their first bail application.
The arrests came after the newspaper office was attacked by an Islamic fundamentalist group which gave the government of Prime Minister Khaleda Zia until June 30 to punish infidels and anti-Moslem elements, adopt a blasphemy law and ban the daily.
"We hope they will respond favourably" to the peace mission of Brahimi, who on Saturday flew to Jeddah in Saudi Arabia, Prince Saud said after talks with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak.
Father Henri Blanchard and Father Otto Mayer made the statement after escaping from their Saint-Andre parish in Nyamirambo, where Mayer was hurt by shrapnel.
Ceasefire signs "encouraging" despite clashes: UNPROFOR by Helene Despic-Popovic  SARAJEVO, June 11 (AFP)  UN military officials said Saturday there were "encouraging" signs that the warring factions were trying to observe the latest Bosnian ceasefire, 24 hours after it came into force.
The win was a triumph for Miguel and his coaching staff preparing his team to face the Americans after coming off an emotional high in beating Spain inside the final 50 seconds on Thursday.
Hezbollah militants seized six Lebanese men and a retired Syrian soldier from the Baalbek region Wednesday but freed them the next morning after the Syrian military command in the Bekaa threatened to arrest Hezbollah militants.
The seven were abducted after some of them were seen taking photographs outside the home of the former Hezbollah secretary general Sheikh Sobhi Tufayli.
The statement was issued after US Undersecretary of State for Political Affairs, Peter Tarnoff met with President Kim Young-Sam, Foreign Minister Han Sung-Joo and with deputy Prime Minister Lee Hong- Koo.
The tripartite strategy talks followed the announcement in Istanbul overnight by US Secretary of State Warren Christopher -- after a meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev -- that Russia had also agreed to go along with sanctions.
Tarnoff told journalists after the talks that work had started on a draft sanctions resolution, and that he had "every expectation" that it would pass in the UN Security Council.
President Ong discharged from hospital  SINGAPORE, June 11 (AFP)  Singapore President Ong Teng Cheong was discharged from hospital Saturday after being admitted earlier this week for rest and observation, a government spokesman said.
Miandad announced his retirement in April after being passed over for Pakistan's tour to New Zealand and the Australasia Cup series at Sharjah.
Foreign Minister Alois Mock, leading the last leg of the campaign from a hospital bed after he underwent a back operation, said Austrians were about to decide whether they would become "second-class Europeans" or "have a voice as an equal partner" with the EU.
Fourteen years after the end of white rule and more than a century after colonisation, a white family's plan to commemorate the arrival of their ancestors by ox-wagon has been denounced as threatening a race war.
They were planning a private family reunion on one of their farms, including a 20 kilometer (12 mile) trip in an ox-wagon, following the road used by family patriarch Max Rosenfels when he settled there in July 1894 after trekking north from South Africa.
Misunderstanding or not, Moyo and Nkomo's reactions demonstrate the fragility of the veneer of racial reconciliation in Zimbabwe nearly 15 years after the end of a bloody guerrilla war to overthrow white minority rule.
The air raid came less than two weeks after Israeli airborne commandos kidnapped Mustafa Dirani, a Moslem guerrilla chief with close links to Hezbollah, from his home in the Bekaa.
The Australian pack looked more potent as a unit, after the rustiness of last week's 33-13 Brisbane test win.
Debutant centre Daniel Herbert scored with his first touch of the ball, sprinting through a gap to touch down after only two and a half minutes.
That came after fullback Conor O'Shea gave Ireland a 3-0 lead with a drop goal in the first 30 seconds.
Ireland further replied to two Lynagh penalties to score their first try -- through tighthead prop Peter Clohessy -- after 31 minutes.
That had the tourists trailing only by eight points after being outplayed for most of the opening half.
But he said that a "later date will be fixed in the next few days after NADECO has had a full opportunity of making the usual detailed consultations."
The United Nations last week accused the Turkish-Cypriot side of intransigence blaming it for the lack of progress on a package of confidence-building measures (CBMs) for the divided island, after months of tough negotiations.
Under the measures ahead of a final settlement, the Turks would hand over the deserted southern resort of Varosha to the United Nations for resettlement by its Greek-Cypriot residents and Nicosia airport would reopen after a closure of 20 years.
The official leadership campaign opened Friday after the completion of voting in Britain in European elections, with interim party leader Margaret Beckett and employment spokesman John Prescott putting forward.
The support of MPs, individual party members and the trade unions that traditionally bankroll Labour will be vital for the successful candidate with the outcome of the election not known until after July 21.
The ruling party, under Prime Minister John Major, is believed to have done badly in Thursday's elections to the European parliament in Strasbourg, the results of which will be known Sunday after the close of voting elsewhere in Europe.
South threatens to hit water, power supplies in north  ADEN, Yemen, June 11 (AFP)  The south threatened Saturday to hit back at water and power plants in north Yemen after attacks left the southern city of Aden facing water shortages and electricity cuts.
The decrees were presented to journalists Saturday by Economics Minister Alexander Shokhin a day after they were signed by Yeltsin.
But he said that a "later date will be fixed in the next few days after NADECO has had a full opportunity of making the usual detailed consultations."
He took power as head of the Tigreen guerrillas after the overthrow of Marxist military strongman Mengistu Haile Mariam in May 1991.
She died shortly after being admitted to Ramallah hospital, a hospital source said.
Vladimir Rukhlo, an IAEA inspector who arrived here Saturday from Pyongyang, was simply returning to Vienna after his normal tour of duty and had been replaced, while Jamaluddin Omar returned to Vienna on Tuesday following a death in his family, the IAEA said.
Father Henri Blanchard and Father Otto Mayer made the statement  after escaping from their Saint-Andre parish in Nyamirambo, southwest Kigali.
(AFP)     SARAJEVO: UN military officials said there were "encouraging" signs that  the warring factions were trying to observe the latest Bosnian ceasefire, 24  hours after it came into force.
The explosions were heard from the centre  of Aden, marking an end to a lull in fighting after the ceasefire called by  the north came into force at midnight (2100 GMT) Friday.
(AFP)     STOCKHOLM: A 24-year old Swedish officer shot dead seven people and  wounded two others after firing at random in a wood where a party was underway  at a restaurant near his barracks.
John Garang, leader of the rebel Sudan People's Liberation Army, used the town as his political base after the town of Toreit, site of his military headquarters, fell to government forces last year, the armed forces said in a statement published here.
Hezbollah militants seized six Lebanese men and a retired Syrian soldier from the Baalbek region Wednesday but freed them the next morning after the Syrian military command in the Bekaa threatened to arrest Hezbollah militants.
The seven were abducted after some of them were seen taking photographs outside the home of the former Hezbollah secretary general Sheikh Sobhi Tufayli.
Attempting to stave off a whitewash after losing the first Test 18-32 at Pretoria last week, a fired up South Africa put England under tremendous pressure for most of the half.
Coca Cola arrives in Bombay  BOMBAY, June 11 (AFP)  Coca Cola returned here Saturday after a 17-year absence, throwing down the gauntlet to rival Pepsi in this western port city at the vanguard of the country's consumer revolution.
Brightly-painted Coke trucks fanned out all over the metropolis of 12 million people after a Hindu religious ceremony at the bottling plant of its local franchiser, Parle.
It is the second largest Indian soft drink market after New Delhi, consuming an estimated five million cases a year.
Rakesh Saxena, a 20-year-old who studies at a US university, agreed with the assessment after sipping his first Indian version of Coke.
Rao's remarks came a day after the Hindu-revivalist Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP, Indian People's Party) urged the government to go nuclear to "prevent our neighbours and superpowers from threatening us."
Significant progress came during the past week after talks in Washington with Turkey's undersecretary for foreign affairs, Ozdem Sanberk, officials said.
The United Nations last week accused the Turkish-Cypriot side of intransigence blaming it for the lack of progress on a package of confidence-building measures (CBMs) for the divided island, after months of tough negotiations.
Under the measures ahead of a final settlement, the Turks would hand over Varosha to the United Nations for resettlement by its Greek- Cypriot residents and Nicosia airport would reopen after a closure of 20 years.
The reports came a day after an official military statement admitted 89 schoolchildren had been killed "by mistake" when an Angolan air force plane bombed Waku-Congo, in Cuanza-Sul, in a raid carried out in thick fog.
The country plunged back into conflict after UNITA refused to accept defeat in the UN-supervised elections of September 1992.
Father Henri Blanchard and Father Otto Mayer, of the White Fathers missionary order, spoke after escaping from their Saint-Andre parish in Nyamirambo, where Mayer was hurt by shrapnel.
Rwanda was plunged into an ethnic bloodbath on April 7, a day after an aircraft carrying the presidents of Rwanda and Burundi was apparently shot down as it approached Kigali, killing both leaders and their aides.
The town became the SPLA's administrative headquarters in 1992 after the fall of its one-time stronghold of Toreit, the statement said.
And the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party's candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio was gunned down on March 23 after a campaign appearance in Tijuana.
And the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party's candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio was gunned down on March 23 after a campaign appearance in Tijuana.
Teens beat up US kindness advocate  EVANSVILLE, Indiana, June 11 (AFP)  The man who coined the phrase "random acts of kindness" remains upbeat after being mugged and beat up.
The town became the SPLA's administrative headquarters in 1992 after the fall of its one-time stronghold of Toreit, the statement said.
The announcement of Kajo Kaji's capture came hours after the arrival here of US envoy Melissa Wells, the official Sudan News Agency (SUNA) said.
Rugby-SAfrica South Africa storm back in second Test  CAPE TOWN, June 11 (AFP)  South Africa, written off after a 15-32 drubbing by England in their first rugby union test, came storming back in the second here Saturday to down the tourists 27-9.
Army officer kills seven, wounds one in random shooting  STOCKHOLM, June 10 (AFP)  A 24-year old Swedish officer shot dead five women and two men and wounded another woman after firing at random in a wood where a party was underway at a restaurant near his barracks, police said Saturday.
The wounded woman was in serious but stable condition after an operation at the Falun hospital, according to hospital chief Claes- Goeran Bjoerck.
The youths, all in their twenties, were strolling in the wood after a night out at the Kullen restaurant when the officer opened fire at 2:30 a.m. (0030 GMT).
Pascal broke away with France's Gerard Rue and Italy's Michele Coppolillo after about 20km, and made his break for victory on the final climb towards Sestrieres.
Richard and Rue dominated the stage, but it was Pascal who made the crucial move 6km from the finish at more than 2,000m, several minutes after Rue had made his bid for victory.
Nobody immediately claimed responsibility for the attack, which occurred the day after North Atlantic Treaty Organization ministers met former Soviet bloc counterparts for talks on future military cooperation.
    SESTRIERE, Italy, June 11 (AFP) - Results after the 21st stage of the Tour  of Italy cycling race here on Saturday     Stage, Les-Deux-Alpes to Sestriere, 121km     1.
Nigerian opposition seeks compromise after Abiola arrest  LAGOS, June 11 (AFP)  Members of Nigeria's opposition Saturday moved to seek a compromise with the country's military rulers after Moshood Abiola, the presumed winner of Nigeria's presidential poll a year ago, was put under house arrest before he could declare a rebel government.
Prisoners complain of overcrowding  BLANTYRE, June 11 (AFP)  Some 1,300 Malawian prisoners at Zomba central prison, 50 kilometres (30 miles) north of here, have written to President Bakili Muluzi complaining of overcrowding after the closure of a maximum security prison there.
87 prisoners at large after jailbreak  JOHANNESBURG, June 11 (AFP)  Eighty-seven prisoners were still at large Saturday after a jailbreak during riots at Modderbee prison just east of here, a Correctional Services spokesman said.
The mass escape came after hundreds of inmates at Modderbee rioted Thursday, demanding to be given an amnesty that President Nelson Mandela had alluded to when being sworn in as South Africa's first black president on May 10.
England tour points way to World Cup  CAPE TOWN, June 11 (AFP)  England and South Africa ended their two match rugby union Test series with one victory each, after the Springboks demolished the tourists here Saturday in a fashion reminiscent of their own pummeling a week earlier.
South Africa, who had been written off as no-hopers after their 15-32 defeat by England in the first Test in Pretoria, confounded the critics with a storming performance, running out 27-9 victors.
Staller, 42, married Koons, 38, in 1991 after posing nude for him for photographs, paintings and sculptures.
The ceremony was attended by president Yoweri Museveni, who allowed the revival of tribal monarchies last year, 26 years after ethnic kingdoms were outlawed by former president Milton Obote.
Narozhilenko tested positive for prohibited substances after smashing the world 60 metres indoor hurdles record at a meet in Lievin, northern France, sixteen months ago.
The IAAF said the Dutch Athletic Federation's disciplinary commission may have reached the wrong decision by concluding it could not be proved that doping substances were present in a sample taken from de Bruin, who tested positive to both testosterone and HCG after a meet at Cologne in August, 1993.
Russian troops parade through German town  BERLIN, June 11 (AFP)  Russian troops paraded through Wuensdorf, south of here, in a ceremony Saturday marking their withdrawal from Germany after almost half a century.
The government delegation had insisted that only the 10 UNITA MP's currently present in parliament -- the rest went back to the bush to fight after UNITA rejected the 1992 election results -- would be responsible for determining UNITA leadership in the house.
Valentim's comments came hours after Angolan state radio in Luanda said at least 12 civilians were killed and 26 wounded Saturday in the central Angolan town of Kuito in renewed clashes between rebels and government troops.
"If your country wants you, there should be no argument," said Christie after running a wind-assisted 9.91sec in winning the AAA national championships here.
He said after equalling McDonald Bailey's record of seven AAA 100m titles: "I find it disappointing that there are some perfectly fit athletes who are saying they will not compete.
Christie also clocked a 10.03sec in Saturday's semi-final -- again helped by a following wind.an indifferent start after two recalls, he hammered out that 9.91sec with the wind at 3.7m/s.
Vail and St. Moritz advanced to the final vote after Garmisch- Partenkirchen, Germany, was eliminated in the first vote.
Four people were found dead meanwhile in a village in Kashmir's Anantnag district Saturday, after a fierce gunbattle between security forces and Moslem guerrillas, police said.
   English cricket results     LONDON, June 11 (AFP) - Saturday's English cricket results after the third  day of these four-day Britannic Assurance county championship matches:     Horsham     Sussex 355 (F D Stephenson 107, J W Hall 55, M Watkinson 4-40) 381-9 (N J  Lenham 102, A P Wells 61, F D Stephenson 57) v Lancashire 286 (M Watkinson 68  no, N J Speak 62, P J Martin 57, E S H Giddins 5-81)     Worcester     Worcestershire 381 (S J Rhodes 76 no, G A Hick 65, G R Haynes 55, T M  Moody 51, R C Irani 4-91)  285-3 dec (T M Moody 108 no, G A Hick 101) v Essex  262 (G A Gooch 101, R C Irani 50 no, S R Lampitt 5-75)  15-0     Bradford     Yorkshire 424 (M P Vaughan 105, D Byas 102, R J Blakey 84, M Dimond 4-73,  G D Rose 4-78)  273-5 (C White 71 no, D Byas 62, R J Blakey 50) v Somerset 332  (G D Rose 121, M E Trescothick 54, R D Stemp 4-67)     Canterbury     Kent 418-8 dec (C L Hooper 89, N R Taylor 86, T R Ward 52) 146-3 (T R Ward  63) v Middlesex 454 (D L Haynes 104, M R Ramprakash 99, J D Carr 64, M M Patel  4-118, D W Headley 4-108)     Derby     Derbyshire 392 (P A J DeFreitas 108, C J Adams 94, T J G O'Gorman 75) 143  v Leicestershire 273 (J J Whitaker 75, N E Briers 59, C M Wells 4-61)  263-3  (J J Whitaker 79 no, P V Simmons 62, V J Wells 59 no)     Leicestershire (22pts) beat Derbyshire (8pts) by 7 wkts     Basingstoke     Nottinghamshire 435 (G F Archer 100, R T Robinson 66, K P Evans 50) 105-1  (R T Robinson 52 no) v Hampshire 403-6 dec (R S M Morris 174, A N Aymes 69)     Hartlepool     Durham 545-8 dec (J E Morris 186, S Hutton 101, W Larkins 77, G Fowler 60)  v Northamptonshire 156 (M B Loye 62, R J Bailey 51, A C Cummins 5-32, S J E  Brown 4-49)  302 (K M Curran 91 no, A Fordham 56, A C Cummins 5-72)     Durham (24pts) beat Northamptonshire (0pts) by an innings and 87 runs     Other Matches     Glasgow (Hamilton Crescent)     Ireland 316-5 dec (S G Smyth 70, S J S Warke 60) v Scotland 29-0     Universities v Counties     Fenners-Cambridge     Glamorgan 307-2 dec (S P James 138 no, A Dale 109) v Cambridge University  19-1     University v County     The Foster's Oval     Surrey 397-8 (A W Smith 202 no) v Oxford University     cc/mo94 
She edged her way to the front by the turn and after that held on magnificently.
She was two up with two to play and after Morgue D'algue went out of bounds at the 17th, Duggleby hit a magnificent four iron second shot which actually hit the pin and bounced away to a mere four feet.
Young Moslems usually learn the Koran by rote in Mosques, where they recite each verse after an Imam or religious official.
Claydon shoots course record  HAMBURG, Germany, June 11 (AFP)  Russell Claydon was on course for victory in the European Tour event here on Saturday after hitting a course record 63 and a share of the lead -- then said he was unhappy.
Colin Montgomerie also dropped down the leaderboard after a disappointing round of 74 for 212, finishing with a double bogey on the final hole when he carelessly missed a tap-in putt from only 12 inches.
Kevin Curran made a defiant 91 not out, but Cummins, who took five wickets in each innings, helped Durham dismiss Northants for 302 after they had been forced to follow-on.
The raid came less than two weeks after Israeli airborne commandos snatched a Moslem guerrilla chief from his Bekaa Valley home under cover of darkness to obtain information on a missing Israeli airman.
(new series) North warplanes hit Mukalla airport  SANAA, June 11 (AFP)  Northern warplanes Saturday bombed the airport in the city where southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid is based, a military spokesman said here after a third ceasefire in Yemen's civil war collapsed.
Running water was restored to some neighborhoods after repairs were made to part of the pumping station that was shelled last week, city officials said.
Saleh's southern rival and former vice president, Ali Salem al-Baid, declared the Yemen Democratic Rrepublic on May 21, four years after North and South Yemen merged to form a fragile union.
Two other truces since June 6 have broken down after only a few hours, with each side accusing the other of failing to honour pledges to halt the war raging since May 5.
Southern officials said on Aden television late Friday that they had recaptured almost all of the eastern oil-producing Shabwa province from northern forces after several days of heavy fighting.
UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi, meanwhile, arrived Saturday in the Saudi city of Jeddah from Amman after holding talks earlier this week in Sanaa as part of a peace mission.
The alleged incident sparked public fury after Tembo narrated from her hospital bed that Castro had tried to extract the bullet using a knife, and extended the area to make it look like a knife wound.
Up to 500,000 people have died since Rwanda was plunged into an ethnic bloodbath on April 7, a day after an aircraft carrying the presidents of Rwanda and Burundi was apparently shot down as it approached Kigali, killing both leaders and their aides.
And the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party's candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio was gunned down on March 23 after a campaign appearance in Tijuana.
(new series) Minister "shocked" after blast rocks Hungarian parliament; no injuries  BUDAPEST, June 11 (AFP)  A bomb went off near a doorway to the Hungarian parliament building Saturday, shattering some nearby windows but causing no injuries.
A police investigation begun shortly after the early-morning blast had failed to turn up any line of enquiry, MTI reported.
Bosnia truce torn by violations in north, west Bosnia by Helene Despic-Popovic  VITEZ, Bosnia, June 11 (AFP)  UN military officials reported "numerous violations" of the latest truce Saturday in north and west Bosnia, just a day after it came into effect.
Two others were set to be installed after further discussions.
Mansell departs for Europe after Sunday's race because of an off week in the Indy-car schedule.
Should Mansell rejoin Williams, he would retake the ride he surrendered to join Indy-car in 1993 after winning the world driving championship.
    SANAA:            Northern warplanes bomb the airport in the                       city where southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid                       is based after a third ceasefire in Yemen's                       civil war collapsed.
                      by Laurence Peter     VITEZ,     Bosnia:            UN military officials report "numerous violations"                       of the latest truce in north and west Bosnia, just                       a day after it came into effect.
"We're improving match after match."
Italian fans dominated here, but jeered their side after a goal-less first half just as Rome fans did in a 1-0 victory over the Swiss side nine days before.
Lopez boozed all night and early morning March 26, then after an hour's sleep, drove into the Lopez car while the family was on its way to church, according to prosecutors.
Rockets ready after misfire  NEW YORK, June 11 (AFP)  Houston coach Rudy Tomjanovich expects the character of his team to prevail where mere words fail him.
Shells continued to fall sporadically on the city centre Saturday evening, causing fires and destroying several houses, after a third ceasefire in Yemen's five-week-old civil war collapsed.
Two other ceasefires have been broken after only a few hours this week, with north and south blaming each other.
South Yemen proclaimed itself independent on May 21, four years after North and South Yemen had merged to form a fragile union and weeks after fighting broke out between the two sides.
Here in Aden, running water was restored to some neighborhoods after repairs were made to part of a pumping station shelled last week, city officials said.
The ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party's candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio was gunned down on March 23 after a campaign appearance in Tijuana.
URGENT  LAGOS, June 12 (AFP)  Moshood Abiola, Nigeria's main opposition figure who proclaimed himself president Saturday a year after his presumed election was annulled, announced the appointment of an alternative government challenging the country's military leaders.
Abiola, defying Nigerian military leaders, announces new government  LAGOS, June 12 (AFP)  Moshood Abiola, the Nigerian opposition figure who proclaimed himself president Saturday a year after the cancellation of his apparent electoral victory, announced he had named a government in defiance of the country's military leaders.
He provided no details on the government's composition but said that from now on all democratic institutions dissolved by military ruler General Sani Abacha after he seized power in November had been re- established.
Pierce, Neumann place global leaders  BROOKLYN PARK, Minnesota, June 11 (AFP)  England's Caroline Pierce and Sweden's Liselotte Neumann shared a one- stroke lead over a set of global contenders after two rounds of the 500,000-dollar LPGA Minnesota Classic.
Amy Alcott of the United States was one stroke back after a 69 Saturday, while Australia's Jane Crafter and US veteran Beth Daniel were fourth at 141.
Johnson is among six athletes represented by agent Brad Hunt who agreed to compete only after signing a deal for a series of televised indoor meets and promotions.
Abiola declares himself Nigeria's president and head of new government  LAGOS, June 12 (AFP)  Moshood Abiola, Nigeria's main opposition figure, proclaimed himself president Saturday a year after his apparent electoral victory was cancelled and announced he had named a government in defiance of the country's military leaders.
The parliament was dissolved along with regional governorships, parliaments and local councils by another general, Sani Abacha, after he seized power in November.
Earlier Saturday, after reports that he had declared himself president, Nigerian police issued a statement that Abiola was a wanted man and called on people to volunteer any information on his whereabouts.
Abiola had earlier agreed to postpone the inauguration of his rival government after pressure from Anglican Archbishop Abiodun Adetiloye and others who wanted to offer the military a last chance to compromise.
Some British airlines are also unhappy with the new arrangements after French Transport Minister Bernard Bosson restricted British airlines to four flights a day.
   Sunday, June 12 (since 1500 GMT)     LAGOS: Moshood Abiola, Nigeria's main opposition figure, proclaimed  himself president a year after his apparent electoral victory was cancelled  and announced he had named a government in defiance of the country's military  leaders.
Shells continued to fall sporadically on the city centre,  causing fires and destroying several houses, after a third ceasefire in  Yemen's five-week-old civil war collapsed.
"We hope Arab and international funds will extend aid to help us in rebuilding after the war.
But after such damage to its vital facilities, it appears to be back to the scratch," a Western diplomat said.
Harun, in a one-piece swimsuit, and her sister look after the clients while Harun's husband cleans up the place after all the bathers have all gone home.
Hariri orders his own TV station to shut down: source  BEIRUT, June 12 (AFP)  Lebanese authorities have ordered a television station owned by Prime Minister Rafic Hariri off the air after it broadcast a political speech he gave in defiance of a government ban, a source said.
A spokeswoman for Future Television told AFP Saturday's order came after the station broadcast a "political information" during the evening current events program Alam al-Massa.
The Surete General, which oversees state security, passed on the order after Future TV broadcast a political speech given by Hariri while inaugurating a municipal building in his hometown of Sidon, south of Beirut, the source added.
German reunification came the year after the last European elections, which were in 1989.
Sandro Barana, head of the ICRC delegation in Aden, said they hoped to be able to enter the port on Sunday after obtaining guarantees from rival north and south leaders.
But those contacts were called off after TAC officials went to China to discuss building up a joint aerospace industry.
TAC thus decided to reopen talks with BAe after a reorganization of its board of directors and the personnel system, the report said.
Rao and opposition lock horns on reform by Anil Penna  NEW DELHI, June 12 (AFP)  Indian Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao's ruling Congress party gave him the green light at the weekend to speed up economic reform after a hard-sell of the benefits of liberalisation.
The party line reflected industry fears about its ability to compete in a free market after decades of protectionism.
"Haiti will not give in," Jonaissant said in a message to the nation broadcast on radio and television just after 2.00 a.m. local time.
"Haiti will not give in," Jonaissant said in a message to the nation broadcast on radio and television just after 2.00 a.m. local time.
Before and after Jonassaint's message was broadcast, Haiti's act of independence was read out.
Haiti proclaimed independence on January 1 1804 after the defeat of Napoleon Bonaparte's expeditionary corps.
African foreign ministers meeting in Tunis on Saturday denounced the inter-ethnic killings in Rwanda as "crimes against humanity" and called for an immediate end to the hostilites, which erupted after the Rwandan and Burundi presidents were killed in a plane crash on April 6.
The poll was annulled, and Abacha seized power in November after a brief civilian administration.
Najib, apparently annoyed by Narzikulov's remarks, said the Russian was unaware of the tough evaluation carried out by Kuala Lumpur on the MiG before Malaysia agreed to buy the fighters almost two years after they were first offered to Malaysia's airforce.
The Japanese minister came after agreeing in Seoul with the US under secretary of state for political affairs, Peter Tarnoff and South Korea's Han on the need for "stern" but phased sanctions against North Korea.
The men should be allowed to appeal, but condemned prisoners in China are routinely taken out immediately after trial for execution by a pistol shot to the base of the skull.
The Taiwan government stepped up the pressure on China after families of the dead tourists complained that they had not been allowed to inspect the bodies before their cremation, and alleged that the incident had all the hallmarks of a crime which had been poorly covered up.
China at first insisted the 32 people had died accidentally and admitted a crime had been committed only after Taipei took reprisals against it, including a ban on tourism and cultural and educational exchanges and a threat to review economic relations.
Aid workers size up emergency needs after pleas for action by Laurence Peter  SANNA, June 12 (AFP)  UN and other aid workers will enter the war zone this week to determine how many Yemenis need emergency medical and other supplies following pleas here for action.
Fighting between government troops and the Moslem forces from the enclave began last autumn, after Abdic unilaterally declared the enclave an independent republic.
But that search was the cause of their 21-6 deficit at the break after North Harbour, one of New Zealand's top four provincial sides, crossed the line twice and had a big territorial advantage.
Abacha pledges democracy after Abiola declares rival government  LAGOS, June 12 (AFP)  Military ruler General Sani Abacha vowed Sunday to steer Nigeria towards democracy while clamping down on dissenters, hours after his arch foe, Moshood Abiola, proclaimed a rival government.
The June 12, 1993 poll was annulled despite being declared free and fair by international observers, and Abacha took power in November after a brief civilian administration.
The armed forces had decided to take over the country in November "to stem the tide of dangerous national descent to chaos and disorder" after "critical elements" inside Nigeria had "openly invited" the military to intervene, he said.
Abiola, who escaped heavy surveillance at his Lagos home after being put under house arrest early Saturday, was declared a wanted man by Abacha's security forces.
Though 13-6 down at half-time, and quickly 16-6 in arrears following a Meson penalty three minutes after the break, Scotland fought back valiantly.
United States finished third here after beating Australia for the bronze medal 110-107.
He Zhili retired in May 1989 after being dropped from the Chinese national team for the Seoul Olympics.
Lubavitcher rabbi Menachem Schneerson dies  NEW YORK, June 12 (AFP)  Rabbi Menachem Schneerson, who revived the Lubavitcher Jewish sect after its decimation in the Nazi Holocaust, died Sunday, aged 92, a spokesman for the sect said.
More than 26,000 chickens roasted alive in UAE fire  ABU DHABI, June 12 (AFP)  More than 26,000 chickens were roasted alive after a fire swept through their farm in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), the al-Ittihad newspaper reported on Sunday.
   AFP sport briefs on June 12     Sellier champ     TOULON, France: France's Frederic Sellier became the new European  super-middleweight boxing champion here on Saturday, after stopping champion  Vincent Nardiello of Italy in the fifth round.
(AFP)     Matlala reigns supreme     LONDON: South African Jacob Matlala, 32, made a second successful defence  of his WBO world flyweight title here on Saturday, after stopping Britain's  Francis Ampofo in the ninth round.
Georgia's Arceeladde Kezu gave his side a shock lead after the second  minute, but two goals each from Rashid Yekini and Siasia, and another by  Adepoju, earned the Super Eagles their win.
(AFP)     Cup win     VIENNA: Austria Vienna, who finished second in the league to Casino  Salzburg, qualified for next season's European Cup Winners Cup after winning  the Austrian Cup 4-0 over second division FC Linz on Saturday.
Officials of Chancellor Helmut Kohl's party disqualified Gero Furchheim, 23, after he made known publicly that he was homosexual, the magazine due to be published Monday said.
Officials of Chancellor Helmut Kohl's party disqualified Gero Furchheim, 23, after he made known publicly that he was homosexual, the magazine due to be published Monday said.
Daewoo workers vote to strike at South Korea's second largest shipyard  SEOUL, June 12 (AFP)  Union workers at Daewoo Shipbuilding and Heavy Machinery Co., South Korea's second laregest shipyard, voted for a strike over the weekend after two months of wage negotiations failed, reports said Sunday.
                    Austria-vote                     400 words around 1200 GMT     LAGOS:          Military ruler General Sani Abacha vows to                     steer Nigeria towards democracy while clamping                     down on dissenters, hours after his arch foe,                     Moshood Abiola proclaims a rival government.
Canucks set up final-match thriller  VANCOUVER, Canada, June 12 (AFP)  Vancouver Canucks ensured a dramatic climax to the Stanley Cup ice hockey finals here on Saturday after surprisingly beating the New York Rangers 4-1 to bring the seven-match series to 3-3.
"It will be a tough challenge," said Courtnall after Saturday's game.
                    Austria-vote                     400 words around 1200 GMT     LAGOS:          Military ruler General Sani Abacha vows to                     steer Nigeria towards democracy while clamping                     down on dissenters, hours after his arch foe,                     Moshood Abiola proclaims a rival government.
He took the measure just 24-hours after new moves were announced by US President Bill Clinton to further isolate Haiti's military leaders, on top of sweeping international sanctions imposed last month.
"I am ordering the commander in chief of the armed forces to be ready for any eventuality," Jonaissant said in a message to the nation broadcast on radio and television just after 2.00 a.m. local time.
He said he was was ashamed that he had voted for Aristide in the December 1990 elections, given that Aristide, after calling on Haiti to face up to the United States was "now calling on the United States to invade us and turn us into slaves."
Before and after Jonassaint's message was broadcast, Haiti's act of independence was read out.
Haiti proclaimed independence on January 1 1804 after the defeat of Napoleon Bonaparte's expeditionary corps.
Aid workers size up emergency needs after pleas for action by Laurence Peter  SANAA, June 12 (AFP)  UN and other aid workers will enter the war zone this week to determine how many Yemenis need emergency medical and other supplies following pleas here for action.
The UN mission has been powerless to stem the carnage since shortly after it erupted, when the Security Council reduced the peacekeeping force from 2,500 to 450 men amid condemnation over the move from aid agencies and the media.
Rwanda's ethnic bloodbath is estimated to have claimed between 200,000 and 500,000 lives since April 7, a day after an aircraft carrying the presidents of Rwanda and Burundi was apparently shot down as it approached Kigali, killing both leaders and their aides.
Boutros-Ghali was speaking a day ahead of a three-day Organisation of African Unity (OAU) summit here, and hours after OAU foreign ministers denounced the Rwanda bloodbath as "crimes against humanity" and demanded an immediate ceasefire.
National television said anyone with information on the whereabouts of Abiola, who unilaterally declared himself president in place of General Sani Abacha after fleeing house arrest late Saturday, would be eligible for a 60,000 naira (2,700 dollar) reward.
Abiola, a Moslem millionaire, staked his claim to the presidency after unofficial results from presidential polls on June 12 last year gave him victory.
The army launched a counter-offensive against the Moslem separatists Saturday after they attacked the village of Krakace leaving five people dead, according to local media reports.
Fighting between government troops and the Moslem forces from the enclave began last autumn, after Abdic unilaterally declared the enclave an independent republic.
Incident follows evacuation exercise in Channel Tunnel  COQUELLES, France, June 12 (AFP)  A technical incident occured in the Channel tunnel just after successful completion of a full-scale exercise to evacuate 794 passengers, Eurotunnel said Sunday.
"We are pursuing only people who continued to collaborate with the Israeli authorities after Israel and the PLO signed the Declaration of Principles in Washington on September 13, 1993," Freih Abu Middain said.
Although the campaign took place amid voter indifference, only two months after a watershed legislative vote in March, turnout was expected to be around 75 percent, as Italians take their civic duties seriously.
(new series) New air raid, artillery duels after third ceasefire collapses by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, Yemen, June 12 (AFP)  Northern warplanes on Sunday launched a new raid on Aden airport and artillery duels raged outside the city after officials said two people were killed and 22 wounded in shelling here.
Fighting on the frontlines about 20 kilometers (12 miles) north of Aden, which hospital officials say left another 12 wounded, has been steady since the third ceasefire in a week collapsed hours after it took effect Saturday.
Two other ceasefires have been broken after only a few hours this week, with north and south blaming each other.
A Red Cross ship meanwhile entered the port of Aden laden with medical supplies after a 24-hour wait for safety guarantees from the warring sides, an International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) official told AFP.
South Yemen proclaimed itself independent on May 21, four years after the former conservative North and the Marxist South Yemen merged in a fragile union, and two weeks after war broke out May 5.
Rominger, triple winner of the Tour of Spain, makes his challenge after a training trip to Colorado.
A large number of firefighters were sent to the scene and the blaze was brought under control after about one and a half hours, Interfax said, adding that no one was hurt in the incident.
President Constantine Karamanlis said after casting his vote in Athens: "I hope that the result of the European poll reinforces the spirit of cohesion and solidarity among the members of united Europe...
Voting got underway slowly here as the 8.5 million voters drifted to the polls to elect 25 deputies to the European Parliament after a campaign which failed to excite much local interest.
"Things have to get moving now and Arafat should arrive there as soon as possible, not just for a visit but to stay," said Agriculture Minister Yaakov Tsur after the weekly cabient meeting.
The ex-director of the Civil Guard, Luis Roldan, who is on the run after being accused of fraud and embezzlement of public funds, was designated to preside a polling station at Cizur Menor, in the northern region of Navarra.
Though Devon Malcolm's head had been on the chopping block after a poor showing in the victorious first Test, selectors gave the experienced paceman a last-minute reprieve.
Mock, leading the last leg of the campaign from a hospital bed after he underwent a back operation, said Austrians were about to decide whether they would become "second-class Europeans" or "have a voice as an equal partner" with the EU.
Harun, in a one-piece swimsuit, and her sister look after the clients while Harun's husband cleans up the place after all the bathers have all gone home.
The Flavr Savr was created after 10 years of work when researchers managed to block the gene containing the enzyme that makes the fruit rot after picking.
Eichmann recommended ways to improve the efficiency of gas ovens used to kill Jews in concentration camps set up by the Nazis during the Second World War after he visited the Auschwitz camp in 1944.
After the war, he fled to Argentina but was kidnapped by Israeli secret services and sentenced to death in 1961 after a trial in Jerusalem.
The Brazilians ignited jubilant samba-beat celebrations among their fans with their first world title only a day after dumping the reigning champions, the United States, out of the semi-finals.
Earlier, the United States beat Australia 100-95 to claim the bronze medal after trailing 48-53 at halftime.
Abacha pledges democracy after Aboila declares rival government by Jacques Pinto  LAGOS, June 12 (AFP)  Military ruler General Sani Abacha vowed Sunday to steer Nigeria towards democracy while crushing dissenters, a day after his arch foe, Moshood Abiola, proclaimed a rival government.
Abiola was in hiding Sunday after apparently evading around 100 police deployed to guard him at his Lagos home, as authorities issued a reward for information leading to his arrest for trying to overthrow the government.
An Abiola aide said Sunday that the millionaire was in "perfect health" and preparing a "programme of action" a day after he declared himself head of state and of the army and called on Abacha's "illegal" regime to step down.
The June 12, 1993 presidential poll was annulled despite being declared free and fair by international observers, and Abacha took power in November after a brief civilian administration.
In his address, Abacha said the armed forces had decided to take over the country in November to avert chaos and disorder after "critical elements" inside Nigeria had "openly invited" the military to intervene.
North Melbourne remained four points behind West Coast after thrashing Adelaide by 80-points, and Hawthorn joined Carlton in joint third spot after outclassing the Sydney Swans by 58 points.
Dragons beaten sixth straight time  SYDNEY, June 12 (AFP)  St George's campaign was in tatters after last season's Australian rugby league grand finalists slumped to a sixth straight defeat against Newcastle on Sunday.
St George lie in 11th position, with only 10 points after 12 rounds, and five points outside the top five.
Elderly Greek votes and dies  ATHENS, June 12 (AFP)  A Greek pensioner died of a heart attack in a voting booth in the northern city of Salonika shortly after he cast his ballot in the European parliamentary elections, police said Sunday.
"Things have to get moving now and Arafat should arrive there as soon as possible, not just for a visit but to stay," said Israeli Agriculture Minister Yaakov Tsur after a cabinet meeting.
"I'm going to Gaza to establish my permanent position as minister of international cooperation and planning," Shaath told AFP, after returning from a meeting of donor countries in Paris.
The funding will be administered by PECDAR, the Palestinian Economic Development and Reconstruction Council, after donor nations appeared to be satisfied with the reliability of the new Palestinian administration.
(changing dateline) Military looks into fate of hostages after report of new killing  ZAMBOANGA, Philippines, June 12 (AFP)  A senior military official Sunday asked government negotiators to verify whether 22 Christians abducted by Moslem bandits were still alive after a radio station reported a fresh killing.
"I just want to be sure that they are all safe and sound," Lieutenant General Orlando Soriano, chief of military forces in the south, said in this city after a radio station reported the killing in nearby Basilan island.
Seventh in a line of rabbis named after the Belorussian town of Lubavitch, Schneerson was born on April 14, 1902, in Russia.
The official leadership campaign opened Friday after the completion of voting in Britain in European elections and a period of mourning for the popular Smith, who died of a massive heart attack last month.
Tony Blair, dubbed a party "moderniser" and the firm favourite to succeed Smith, officially entered the race Saturday, a day after interim party leader Margaret Beckett and employment spokesman John Prescott -- both on the left of the party -- put their names forward Former treasury secretary Denzil Davies also said he would stand if he won support from the required 34 MPs. Beckett and Prescott are also standing for the deputy leadership.
Lubavitcher rabbi Menachem Schneerson dies  NEW YORK, June 12 (AFP)  Rabbi Menachem Schneerson, who revived the Lubavitcher Jewish sect after its decimation in the Nazi Holocaust, died Sunday, aged 92, a spokesman for the sect said.
Schneerson's sect was at the center of riots in August 1991 after a car in his motorcade struck and killed a 7-year-old black child.
Checks mounted outside embassies in hunt for Abiola  LAGOS, June 12 (AFP)  Police mounted a checkpoint on a road leading to a number of foreign missions Sunday, after alleging that "a certain foreign mission" was linked with fugitive opposition leader Mashood Abiola.
A small number of armed policemen were posted at the entrance to Eleke Crescent after police offered a reward for the arrest of Abiola, who fled house arrest Saturday.
A diplomatic source in Muscat said Brahimi would travel to Mukalla "in the evening" on Sunday to meet Saleh's rival Ali Salem al-Baid, after talks with Omani head of state Sultan Qabus.
Baid, who declared a breakaway southern state on May 21, has been based in his home town of Mukalla for several weeks, after moving from his political headquarters in the southern port of Aden.
UN peace envoy Lakhdar Brahimi was Sunday headed for Mukalla to meet Baid, after visits to Sanaa, Amman, the Saudi city of Jeddah, and Muscat.
As a result, the combined Arab GDP fell sharply in comparison to the world GDP after the oil boom despite its increase in current prices.
Meanwhile, a Kashmiri separatist leader who reached here on Sunday after four years in Indian prisons was given a rousing welcome by hundreds of Moslems from the airport to the city centre.
Earlier, a curfew was enforced on Sunday in the Kashmir town of Kishtwar after the slaying of a Hindu politician by suspected Moslem separatists sparked tension, the police said.
   Sunday, June 12 (since 0300 GMT)     LAGOS: Military ruler General Sani Abacha vowed to steer Nigeria towards  democracy while crushing dissenters, a day after his arch foe, Moshood Abiola,  proclaimed a rival government.
Abiola  was in hiding after evading police deployed to guard him at his Lagos home, as  authorities issued a reward for information leading to his arrest for trying  to overthrow the government.
The decree came 24  hours after moves by US President Bill Clinton to further isolate Haiti's  military leaders after international sanctions imposed last month.
(AFP)     ADEN, Yemen: Northern warplanes launched a new raid on Aden airport and  artillery duels raged outside the city after officials said two people were  killed and 22 wounded in shelling here.
Red Cross ship sails into Aden after 24-hour wait  ADEN, Yemen, June 12 (AFP)  A Red Cross ship loaded with urgent medical supplies for Yemen's war wounded sailed into Aden on Sunday, after a 24-hour wait for security guarantees from the warring sides.
Sandro Barana, head of the ICRC delegation in Aden, said the ship was preparing to dock after securing security guarantees from rival northern and southern leaders.
But some stayed open a few minutes longer after computer glitches hit voting.
A few hours after the recapture, Beshir added, a plane landed in Kajo Kaji carrying several of his senior aides.
Kajo Kaji became the SPLA's administrative headquarters in 1992 after the fall of its one-time stronghold of Toreit.
The announcement of Kajo Kaji's capture came hours after the arrival here of US envoy Melissa Wells, the official Sudan News Agency (SUNA) said.
An estimate issued on Austrian television shortly after the close of polling at 5:00 p.m. (1500 GMT) recorded 65.5 percent voting "yes" to membership effective from January 1, 1995, compared with 34.5 percent voting "no."
Koresh found out about the raid after a conversation between a KWTX cameraman and a mailman, who happened to be a cult member.
Mexico-rebels,lead 600 words at 1600 GMT NEW YORK:       Rabbi Menachem Schneerson, who revived the Lubavitcher Jewish sect after its decimation in the Nazi Holocaust, died Sunday, aged 92.
ZAMBOANGA, Philippines: A senior military official asks government negotiators to verify whether 22 Christians abducted by Moslem bandits are still alive after a radio station reported a fresh killing.
They tried to drag her off by her arm but ran away after passers-by intervened.
Abacha pledges democracy as police hunt for rival by Jacques Pinto  LAGOS, June 12 (AFP)  Military ruler General Sani Abacha pledged to steer Nigeria towards democracy Sunday even as police pursued a man-hunt for his rival Moshood Abiola, who escaped from house arrest after proclaiming a rival government a day earlier.
Opposition leader Abiola, a Moslem millionaire, remained in hiding Sunday after apparently evading some 100 police deployed to guard him at his Lagos home, as authorities issued a reward for information leading to his arrest on charges of trying to overthrow the government.
Abacha took power in November after a brief civilian administration following cancellation of last year's presidential poll.
An estimate issued on Austrian television shortly after the close of polling at 5:00 p.m. (1500 GMT) recorded 65.8 percent voting "yes" to membership effective from January 1, 1995, compared with 34.2 percent voting "no."
This time it was an entirely different story with Wales dominant for much of the match here Saturday despite an uncertain start against a Canadian side brimming with confidence after an upset win over France a week ago.
An estimate issued on Austrian television shortly after the close of polling at 5:00 p.m. (1500 GMT) recorded 65.8 percent voting "yes" to membership effective from January 1, 1995, compared with 34.2 percent voting "no."
Mock, leading the last leg of the campaign from a hospital bed after he underwent a back operation, said Austrians were about to decide whether they would become "second-class Europeans" or "have a voice as an equal partner" with the EU.
Peres said Syrian President Hafez al-Assad had made a mistake not to agree peace with Israel after Egypt in 1979.
"I don't believe Assad was right by postponing the peace with Israel," after Egypt.
Bilateral talks between Israel and the Arab countries were suspended after the Hebron mosque massacre on February 25, but Jordan resumed negotiations last week.
The mainly Hutu interim government established its headquarters in Gitarama last month after the Tutsi-dominated RPF began to close in on the capital.
Rwanda plunged into an ethnic bloodbath on April 6, after a plane carrying the presidents of Rwanda and neighboring Burundi was apparently shot down, killing both leaders.
reopens (HOCKENHEIM) Doohan was grateful for a tyre which saw him to the finishing line, after losing here twice because of rear tyre trouble.
Sidecar passengers fight for life  HOCKENHEIM, Germany, June 12 (AFP)  Britain's Simon Prior and Austrian Christian Parzer were fighting for their lives after a horrifying sidecar crash during the German Grand Prix here on Sunday.
Allenby wins in Germany  HAMBURG, Germany, June 12 (AFP)  Australian Robert Allenby won the Honda Open golf tournament here on Sunday after defeating Spain's Miguel Angel Jimenez on the third hole of a play-off.
Both men had finished on 12 under par at 276, after Allenby hit 69 and Jimenez a 70 on the fourth round.
The Bonsella, flying the Honduran flag, sailed into Aden without incident, the ICRC said, after a 24-hour wait off Aden for security guarantees from rival northern and southern forces.
    MILAN, Italy, June 12 (AFP) - Results from the Tour of Italy cycle race  which ended after the 22nd stage here on Sunday (Italy unless stated):     Stage (Turin to Milan, 198km)     1.
The vessel took to sea without damage after a rapid operation.
In Aden, northern warplanes launched a new raid on the airport and artillery duels raged outside the city, while several shells landed in the port after the Red Cross ship Bonsella docked.
In the northwestern Moslem pocket of Bihac, the situation was calm Sunday after attacks a day earlier by Bosnian army forces in which they recovered territory captured by secessionists loyal to maverick Moslem leader Fikret Abdic, Chaperon said.
    LUXEMBOURG, June 12 (AFP) - Result of the Tour of Luxembourg cycle race  which ended after the fourth and final stage on Sunday:     Stage (191km)     1.
    HAMBURG, Germany, June 12 (AFP) - Final scores after Sunday's fourth round  in the Honda Open here (GB and Ireland unless stated):     276 - Robert Allenby (Australia) 72-67-68-69, Miguel-Angel Jimenez (Spain)  70-71-65-70 (Allenby bt Jimenez at 3rd extra hole of play-off)     278 - Rodger Davis (Australia) 66-68-76-68     279 - David Gilford 70-70-68-71     280 - Bernhard Langer (Germany) 70-72-72-66, Gabriel Hjertstedt (Sweden)  69-71-73-67, Paul Lawrie 68-71-72-69, Andrew Coltart 69-69-69-73     281 - Barry Lane 73-72-70-66, Domingo Hospital (Spain) 69-72-73-67, Silvio  Grappasonni (Italy) 68-74-70-69, Steen Tinning (Denmark) 75-67-68-71, Andrew  Hare 73-70-68-70, Stephen Field 71-69-68-73, Russell Claydon 73-70-63-75     282 - Anders Gillner (Sweden) 74-69-74-65, Mike Harwood (Australia)  73-71-69-69, Ian Palmer (South Africa) 71-71-70-70, Carl Mason 71-69-72-70     283 - Colin Montgomerie 69-69-74-71, Miles Tunnicliff 74-69-71-69, Robert  Lee 72-71-71-69, Pierre Fulke (Sweden) 70-71-71-71, Mathias Gronberg (Sweden)  73-70-69-71     Selected     284 - Paul Moloney (Australia) 71-72-71-70     286 - Tony Johnstone (Zimbabwe) 70-73-73-70     288  - Steve Van Vuuren (South Africa) 72-71-74-71, Mats Lanner (Sweden)  72-68-72-76, Bill Malley (USA) 75-69-68-76     289 - Fredrik Lindgren (Sweden) 73-72-72-72     291 - Mark McNulty (Zimbabwe) 69-75-75-72     292 - Gary Levenson (South Africa) 71-74-73-74     295 - Ove Sellberg (Sweden) 71-72-77-75     str/th94 
Jonaissant asked General Raoul Cedras -- the military power behind his presidency -- for the state of emergency just 24 hours after US President Bill Clinton unilaterally added a ban on commercial air traffic and financial transactions on top of an already crippling trade embargo imposed last month.
Speaking in Haitian Creole, Jonassaint said he was was ashamed that he had voted for Aristide in the December 1990 elections, given that Aristide, after calling on Haiti to face up to the United States was "now calling on the United States to invade us and turn us into slaves."
Allenby into the limelight  HAMBURG, Germany, June 12 (AFP)  Australia's Robert Allenby went from also-ran to champion on the European Tour here Sunday, when he won the Honda Open after a three hole play-off with Spaniard Miguel Angel Jimenez.
It went to Allenby when he secured a par four after Jimenez had been in two bunkers and for the second time running failed to hole from five feet for his par.
Allenby had let him off on the first occasion by three-putting from 30 feet, but redoubled his efforts to clinch his maiden victory in Europe after three victories on the Australian circuit.
"I knew I could win over here after what I had done at home", said Allenby, whose parents were both born in the Yorkshire city of Leeds.
But Allenby, dubbed "the boy wonder" by his fellow Australian pros, almost let slip his victory opportunity just after a birdie four at the 15th put him alongside the Spanish golfer at 12 under par.
But his chance of bettering or sharing the 3,000 pound course record award with Russell Claydon -- who had a third round 63 -- went out the window when after five birdies in a row he dropped a shot at the short 14th.
"The government of Turkey is responsible for the protection and safety of all Iranian asylum-seekers," the group said, a day after the Turkish news agency Anatolia said they were being expelled to Iraq.
    ZAGREB, June 12 (AFP) - Hajduk Split won the Croatian football  championship after the final day on Sunday:     Sibenik 2 Belisce 1     Cibalia Vinkovci 0 Zagreb 1     Istra Pula 5 Radnik Velika Gorica 1     Zadar 0 Rijeka 0     Hajduk Split 4 Dubrava Zagreb 0     Varteks Varazdin 3 Primorac Stobrec 1     Segesta Sisak 4 Dubrovnik 0     Inker Zapresic 4 Pazinka Pazin 0     Croatia Zagreb 7 Osijek 1     Final standings (after 34 matches): Hajduk Split 50pts, Zagreb 49, Croatia  Zagreb 48, Inker Zapresic 42, Varteks Varazdin 41, Rijeka 39, Cibalia Vinkovci  35, Osijek 35, Segesta Sisak 34, Istra Pula 34, Zadar 33, Belisce 32, Sibenik  32, Primorac Stobrec 29, Pazinka Pazin 25, Dubrovnik 23, Dubrava Zagreb 23,  Radnik Velika Gorica 8      vs/th94 
    EVIAN, France, June 12 (AFP) - Final scores in the Evian Masters on the  women's European golf tour after Sunday's fourth round:     287 - Helen Alfredsson (Sweden) 71-73-73-70     290 - Sarah Gautrey (Australia) 73-71-77-69, Luca Fairclough (GB)  68-72-77-73     291 - Florence Descampe (Belgium) 73-74-72-72     294 - Trish Johnson (GB) 72-71-74-77, Vicky Goetze (USA) 74-73-73-74     fbx/th94 
British rider fights for life  HOCKENHEIM, Germany, June 12 (AFP)  Britain's Simon Prior was fighting for his life after a horrifying sidecar crash during the German Grand Prix here on Sunday.
Austrian Christian Parzer, 32, riding with Klaffenboeck, was taken to Meinheim university hospital but was released after treatment for minor injuries.
Angola plunged back into a long-running post-independence civil war after UNITA lost a UN-supervised general election in September 1992, held after a May 1991 peace pact.
Hours after Abacha left Lagos, national radio and television had not announced his departure, said sources in Nigeria's administrative capital Abuja.
Sources close to the OAU said there was uncertainty Saturday as to whether Abacha would travel here after the presumed winner of Nigeria's cancelled presidential elections, Moshood Abiola, declared himself president and proclaimed a parallel government in Lagos.
Nigerian police Sunday pursued a man-hunt for the millionaire opposition leader after he escaped from house arrest.
The two men had played less than an hour after winning their semi- finals in the rain-hit 314,000 dollar tournament.
Yemen needs up to 70 million dollars in aid: UN  SANAA, June 12 (AFP)  Yemen needs up to 70 million dollars worth of humanitarian aid after five weeks of civil war that have uprooted almost 500,000 people, a UN official said here Sunday.
The Bonsella entered the port after a 24-hour wait off Aden for security guarantees from rival forces, the International Committee of the Red Cross said.
Four doctors from Qatar arrived in the Yemeni capital on Sunday, two days after an Egyptian medical team came to Sanaa.
Baid, who declared a breakaway southern state on May 21, has been based in his home town of Mukalla for several weeks, after moving from his political headquarters in the southern port of Aden.
UN peace envoy Lakhdar Brahimi travelled Sunday to Mukalla to meet Baid, after visits to Sanaa, Amman, the Saudi city of Jeddah, and Muscat.
In the northwestern Moslem pocket of Bihac, the situation was calm Sunday after attacks a day earlier by Bosnian army forces in which they recovered territory captured by secessionists loyal to maverick Moslem leader Fikret Abdic, Chaperon said.
Only certain categories, such as women aged over 40 or less than 16, had been allowed into the holy city after it was closed to residents of the occupied territories in March 1993.
"The strong victory of the 'yes' in Austria is a positive signal ahead of the referendum in our country," Swedish Prime Minister Carl Bildt said after exit polls indicated that 66.39 percent of Austria's electors voted to join the EU.
Police end siege after Abiola bolted  LAGOS, June 12 (AFP)  Nigerian police Sunday ended a siege of the residence of Chief Moshood Abiola, hours after he slipped their net, proclaimed himself president and declared a parallel government.
On Sunday, they lifted the siege, hours after he left the house for a venue in central Lagos where he made his declarations before disappearing into hiding.
Saddam took over as head of government to combat Iraq's economic crisis and the collapse of its currency, the dinar, since the UN embargo was imposed in August 1990 after the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait.
The formal declaration of results was expected here sometime after 9 p.m. (2000 GMT), but party officials who monitored Thursday's vote and the verification of the ballot papers Friday were able to forecast the outcome.
URGENT  MONTREAL, June 12 (AFP)  Michael Schumacher chalked up his fifth victory of the Formula One season here on Sunday, when the German Benetton-Ford driver won the Canadian Grand Prix after leading from start to finish.
The Austrian was the first to cede, in the 15th lap, and later fell further behind after a pit-stop.
Abacha leaves for OAU summit as police hunt for rival by Jacques Pinto  LAGOS, June 12 (AFP)  Nigeria's military ruler General Sani Abacha pledged to steer Nigeria towards democracy Sunday as police searched for his rival Moshood Abiola, who escaped from house arrest after proclaiming a rival government late Saturday.
Tunisian President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali greeted Abacha at the airport, official sources said, but Nigerian national radio and television had not reported his departure hours after he left, sources in Nigeria's administrative capital Abuja said.
Abiola, a Moslem millionaire, meanwhile remained in hiding after apparently evading some 100 police deployed to guard him at his Lagos home.
Police ended the siege of his house after he slipped through their net.
(new series) URGENT  ROME, June 12  Italy's governing rightwing parties emerged clear winners in European parliamentary elections Sunday, scoring 48.5 percent of the vote, according to an exit poll published minutes after the polling booths closed.
Berlusconi coalition wins popular plebiscite  ROME, June 12 (AFP)  Italy's governing rightwing parties emerged clear winners in European parliamentary elections Sunday, scoring 48.5 percent of the vote, according to an exit poll released minutes after the polling booths closed.
Nigeria's military ruler General Sani Abacha was a surprise arrival from Lagos, leaving behind a government crisis after opposition millionaire politician Moshood Abiola Saturday proclaimed himself president and declared a parallel government.
Unser recovered to finish 10th after leading much of the way.
Unser had no comment after finishing the race in 10th place.
Electorates voted in Britain, Denmark, Ireland and the Netherlands Thursday but the votes were only counted Sunday after voting had taken place in the other eight European Union countries.
"Cicciolina" goes into hiding with child on return to Italy  ROME, June 12 (AFP)  Former Italian MP Ilona Staller, alias "Cicciolina", said Sunday she had gone into hiding in Genoa after returning to Italy from New York with her child, breaking a US court order on a custody case.
Worcestershire were made to work hard for their four wicket victory after dismissing Essex for just 119 on an unpredictable pitch at New Road.
(LONDON) The home side were cruising to their third Sunday League win of the season after opener Tom Moody hit 28 from 21 balls with five fours.
But batting again became a struggle after the big-hitting Australian was trapped leg before by John Stephenson, and Worcestershire suffered a mini-collapse.
Kent are still looking for their first Sunday League win at Canterbury this season after failing to overhaul a target of 213 as Middlesex won by 11 runs with seven balls to spare.
The figures, issued shortly after 2000 GMT, were based on the count at all but 519 of the more than 4,000 polling stations.
                    EU-France,2ndlead                     600 words 2200                     by Geoffrey Varley     BONN:           German Chancellor Helmut Kohl scores                     a triumphant win in European Parliament                     elections after 12 years in power,                     strengthening his position ahead of                     legislative elections.
"The car was fantastic and after this win I am even more confident about the rest of the season," he said.
The Austrian was the first to cede, in the 15th lap, and later fell further behind after a pit-stop.
"We will see that every man in uniform gets a bottle of Coca-Cola for five cents, wherever he is and whatever it costs our company," Coca Cola head Robert Woodruff is reputed to have said shortly after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941.
Socialists win Greek European poll: projection  ATHENS, June 12 (AFP)  The ruling socialist PASOK party led the European poll in Greece Sunday by several points over its nearest rival, the conservative New Democracy, according to a projection published after the first official counts.
(new series) No European results so far, government returns in national poll  LUXEMBOURG, June 12 (AFP)  Voting for Luxembourg's national parliament overshadowed the European elections Sunday, with the ruling centre-left coalition returned to power after 10 years in office.
Luxembourg polls maintain status quo  LUXEMBOURG, June 12 (AFP)  Voting for Luxembourg's national parliament overshadowed the European elections Sunday, with the ruling centre-left coalition kept in power after 10 years in office.
In the simultaneous elections for the European Parliament, partial results published just after midnight showed that the number of seats held by each party would remain unchanged.
    HARRISON, New York, June 12 (AFP) - Final results of the 1.2  million-dollar PGA Westchester Classic after Sunday's fourth round (USA unless  noted):     268 - Lee Janzen 69-69-64-66     271 - Ernie Els (S Africa) 68-66-69-68     274 - Jay Haas 68-70-69-67, Brad Faxon 70-68-70-66     276 - Bob Burns 71-67-70-68, Steve Pate 66-72-69-69, Billy Andrade  70-71-66-69     277 - Joe Ozaki (Japan) 69-67-69-72, Hale Irwin 70-72-65-70, Mark Brooks  71-70-66-70, Robin Freeman 69-69-69-70, Jeff Maggert 72-72-64-69     ...
    BROOKLYN PARK, Minnesota, June 12 (AFP) - Results here Sunday after the  final round of the 500,000-dollar LPGA Minnesota Classic (USA unless noted):     205 - Liselotte Neumann (Sweden) 68-71-66     207 - Hiromi Kobayashi (Japan) 72-70-65     208 - Sherri Steinhauer 72-70-66     209 - Amy Alcott 71-69-69     211 - Katie Peterson-Parker 72-71-68     212 - Julie Larsen 70-73-69     213 - Caroline Pierce (England) 71-68-74, Val Skinner 70-73-70, Deb  Richard 71-73-69, Michelle McGann 72-72-69, Kelly Robbins 71-78-64, Terry-Jo  Myers 73-71-69     ...
Although polling, in four broad voting districts, took place on Thursday, the vote count did not begin until Sunday after the conclusion of voting throughout the 12-nation European Union.
"We know that the coming of the Messiah is somewhat of a miracle, so God can make even a greater miracle and bring him back to life," said Rabbi Shea Hecht, a member of the sect which believes that the Jewish savior is to transform life on Earth before his death, not after resurrection.
Earlier, thousands of Lubavitchers from around the world began flooding into New York immediately after hearing the news and some 4,000 of his followers gathered at his headquarters, dancing, chanting and drinking cases of beer.
Then in August 1991, Schneerson's sect was at the center of riots after a car in his motorcade struck and killed a 7-year-old black child.
The US sailors are expected to arrive Sunday in the Cuban capital's Hemingway Marina after racing from Sarasota, Florida on Friday.
An attempt to revive it in 1993 was cancelled after threats by Cuban dissident groups in Miami who oppose any links whatsoever with Fidel Castro's Cuba.
The United States imposed a trade embargo on Cuba in 1961 after Havana declared its links with the Eastern Bloc.
It looked like a plane that was going too slow to fly," said Navy spokesman Robert Lewis after the fabric-winged AN-2 Cub crop-duster landed at the Naval Air Station in Key West, Florida.
"We know that the coming of the Messiah is somewhat of a miracle, so God can make even a greater miracle and bring him back to life," said Rabbi Shea Hecht, a member of the sect which believes that the Jewish savior is to transform life on Earth before his death, not after resurrection.
Earlier, thousands of Lubavitchers from around the world began flooding into New York immediately after hearing the news and some 4,000 of his followers gathered at his headquarters, dancing, chanting and drinking cases of beer.
Then in August 1991, Schneerson's sect was at the center of riots after a car in his motorcade struck and killed a 7-year-old black child.
Azeri-Russian tensions mount as Aliyev rebuffs Russian troop plan By Chris Bird  BAKU, June 13 (AFP)  Tensions grew here this weekend after President Geidar Aliyev rebuffed Moscow's demands for Russian troops to be deployed as peacekeepers in the disputed enclave of Nagorno Karabakh.
But Thorpe responded with a 3-point play to put the Rockets ahead again, and then slammed in a game tying-dunk with 1:17 remaining after Ewing had put the Knicks ahead again.
But Thorpe responded with a 3-point play to put the Rockets ahead again, and then slammed in a game tying-dunk with 1:17 remaining after Ewing had put the Knicks ahead again.
(AFP)     LAGOS: Nigeria's military ruler General Sani Abacha pledged to steer  Nigeria towards democracy as police searched for his rival Moshood Abiola, who  escaped from house arrest after proclaiming a rival government late Saturday.
Results from both rounds were released after polls closed on Sunday.
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and his Forza Italy party enjoyed a comfortable victory Sunday, winning almost 30 percent of the vote in what was considered a plebiscite after he assumed office last month.
A former prime minister of President Francois Mitterrand for three years until 1991, Rocard seized the leadership of the Socialist Party after its swingeing defeat at the hands of the right in legislative elections in March, 1993.
Born of a French mother and British father, Goldsmith acquired a reputation as a dilettante after retiring from active business in 1990 to devote himself to ecological causes.
Bandaranaike doing well after surgery  COLOMBO, June 13 (AFP)  Sri Lanka opposition leader Sirima Bandaranaike, who was the world's first elected woman premier, was doing well after surgery in Singapore on Monday, a family member said.
Another 100,000 people around the city of Zhangjiang, at the southernmost tip of Guangdong province, were marooned by flood waters after three days of torrential rains that followed tropical storm Russ on Wednesday, the Wen Wei Po daily said.
Airbus returns after fire scare  SYDNEY, June 13 (AFP)  A Qantas Airbus with 170 people aboard made an emergency landing here Monday after a warning light indicated an engine problem, an airline spokesman said.
A pilot noted the warning light shortly after the French-built Airbus-300 jet left for Brisbane and the aircraft was back on the tarmac nine-and-a-half minutes after take off, he said.
The evacuations were halted after a UN vehicle came under fire last week while driving civilians to safe areas.
Junior Planning and Development Minister Oduya Oprong was rushed to hospital with two bullet wounds in the head after being shot Saturday evening, the officials said.
Shelling resumes as ceasefire fails to start  ADEN, Yemen, June 13 (AFP)  A ceasefire declared by the Yemen government failed to take hold on Monday as shelling resumed after a brief pause in bombardments that killed six more civilians and wounded 28, an AFP correspondent reported.
The government in Sanaa had announced a new three-hour ceasefire to start at 6.00 a.m. (0300 GMT), but after a brief lull the sound of artillery fire could be heard at the very moment the truce should have started.
Cries of "Long live Sonia Gandhi" went on even after he had begun speaking.
The media-shy Sonia Gandhi, who has kept herself busy overseeing the work of a foundation named after Rajiv Gandhi, was not available for comment.
A rudderless Congress urged Sonia Gandhi to take over the party leadership after her husband's death.
She preferred the role of quiet housewife and mother to son Rahul and daughter Priyanka even after her husband became prime minister.
While fears about life after 1997 remain the prime reason Hong Kongers are still emigrating at a rate of 1,000 a week, the high cost of living has become a powerful new incentive.
Arafat had made the offer in a series of letters sent to Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin last week after a major rumpus over the fate of the city both sides claim as capital.
The first reliable projections were expected after 10:00 a.m. and final results for individual parties between two and four hours later, although the successful candidates will not be known before 6:00 p.m. (1600 GMT).
Police said a replacement bus was found after the incident, and the 36 German neo-Nazis were taken to the port of Roedby south of Copenhage, en route for Germany.
"Tempers were hot after the fire, and we did not want the Germans to remain on Danish soil for longer than necessary," said a spokesman for police in Gladsaxe.
Rocard's future on the line after poor socialist showing in poll  PARIS, June 13 (AFP)  France's Socialists engaged in mutual recriminations on Monday as they carried out a post-mortem on their poor showing in Sunday's Euro-poll and looked ahead to next year's presidential elections.
Lamfalussy said in response to questions that the wide range of fluctuation might remain in effect for a long time, and even after the application of phase three of monetary union.
The interim government formed after the April 6 death of president Juvenal Habyarimana set up its headquarters at Gitarama, some 50 kilometres (30 miles) southwest of the embattled capital Kigali.
During the year to the end of May, input prices were unchanged after having declined by a revised 1.3 percent in the year to the end of April.
Joseph Mukendi, Tshisekedi's political adviser, said the leading dissident was released late Sunday hours after he was picked up while driving in a car inside the Kibomango military camp 60 kilometers (37 miles) from here.
South Africa's "new democratic governement is still trying to settle down and is addressing very formidable problems," Mandela declared after arriving late Sunday for the summit.
"I was on a very important mission to ask for the training of our soldiers, after we had formed our liberation army, Umkonto we Sizwe (Spear of the Nation, the ANC's military arm)."
The group, Minymaku Inma (Women's Dance and Song), was asked to leave the Pension Heltzel in Berlin after a newspaper report quoted the hotel's female co-manager as saying she had not expected the women to be "so dark".
The interim government formed after the April 6 death of president Juvenal Habyarimana set up its headquarters at Gitarama, some 50 kilometres (30 miles) southwest of the embattled capital Kigali.
The evacuations were halted after a UN vehicle came under fire last week while driving civilians to safe areas.
Martens, a 58-year old lawyer with an enigmatic smile, had hopes of becoming president of the European Commission after his work as one of the main architects of a federal Belgium.
Gol, who was Belgian justice minister from 1982 to 1988, entered politics in 1962 after strikes in 1960-61 during which French-speaking Wallonia revolted against its declining industrial base and the perceived indifference in the ruling francophone elite in Brussels to its plight.
Officials had said they would transfer the requests to the national assembly after European parliament polls Sunday, which Tapie was contesting.
South Africa now leave for New Zealand on Sunday for a six-week tour with seven new caps and, after their stirring victory on Saturday, with renewed heart.
"Not until tomorrow," said a Seoul-based representative of the Anglo- French consortium when asked if champagne corks were popping after Monday's  distribution of invitations to the signing.
On August 20 1993, after the GEC-Alsthom had put in six successive offers in response hard-nosed government efforts to get the best terms it could out of the company, GEC-Alsthom was named "priority bidder," and the price had been whittled from 2.6 to 2.3 billion.
URGENT  ZAMBOANGA, Philippines, June 13 (AFP)  Moslem gunmen in the southern island of Basilan on Monday freed 20 Christian hostages, five days after massacrinor the southern Philippines, said over radio station DXRH the freed hostages were heading for the provincial capital of Isabela.
Mark rises after Kohl's unexpected success in Euro polls  LONDON, June 13 (AFP)  The mark rose against the US and British currencies early on Monday on the unexpected success of German Chancellor Helmut Kohl's Christian Democratic Union in the European parliamentary elections.
Most other European currencies fell against the mark, which climbed to 3.4035 French francs from 3.4007, to 150.70 drachma from 150.35 and to 82 pesetas from 81.85 after the defeat of the governing Socialist party in Spain.
But the German currency remained stable at 104.35 escudos from 104.43 despite the defeat of Portugal's governing party, and fell to 964.85 lire from 965.90 after Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia party showed good Euro results in Italy.
    LONDON:         Beleaguered Prime Minister John Major gets                     breathing room after his Conservative Party,                     although losing heavily to the opposition                     Labour in European Parliament elections, fared                     far less poorly than predicted.
                    EU-Denmark,3rdlead                     500 words around 1130 GMT                     by Slim Allagui     PARIS:          The future looks dim for French Socialist                     Party leader Michel Rocard after voters                     deliver a slap in the face to the mainstream                     parties in European elections.
The June movement was set up after Denmark's "no" to the Maastricht treaty in a first referendum in June 1992.
A second referendum in May last year produced a "yes" after Denmark's partners allowed it to opt out of plans for a common currency and defence policy and joint Euyropean citizenship.
The four million strong electorate voted on Thursday but Denmark only began counting the votes on Monday, day after its other European partners.
The statement came after the army announced Sunday that the market would open on Monday, but was then kept closed.
One year after the 1974 revolution, he joined the Democratic Popular Party which later became the Social Democratic Party.
In 1987, he became Cavaco Silva's deputy prime minister and defence minister, but after he left the government in 1989 after a shortlived dispute with the premier and returned to his textile business in Oporto.
The helicopters touched down for a few minutes after dusk near Forzol and left before a Lebanese army patrol could arrive at the scene, they said.
Gunmen free Christian hostages  ZAMBOANGA, Philippines, June 13 (AFP)  Moslem gunmen in the southern island of Basilan on Monday freed 20 Christian hostages, five days after massacring 15 other captives, a senior military official said here.
Lebanon reactivated the death penalty for political crimes in March after the church bombing amid efforts to tighten up security and legal procedures.
Herewith the latest breakdown after Sunday's elections.
Austrian central bank shaves open market rate by 0.1 points  VIENNA, June 13 (AFP)  The Austrian central bank reduced its open market Gomex rate from 5.00 percent to 4.90 percent on Monday, the bank said on the first business day after a referendum here which gave approval for Austria to join the European Union.
When Kim Dae-Jung, who retired from politics after losing the 1992 presidential election to Kim Young-Sam, made the suggestion in Washington, the presiden4s party denounced him for meddling in delicateP diplomatic maneuvers over the nuclear issue.
Carter's Pyongyang visit came after the United States, South Korea and Japan reached consensus over the weekend on pushing for low key sanctions in the UN Security Council next week to try to persuade the North to open its suspect nuclear sites to international inspections.
He was in a coma immediately after the accident.
"We must go on governing and I am totally prepared to give the government the stability to try to improve the economic situation and strengthen the fight against corruption," Gonzalez said at his party headquarters after initials results were known.
"We will be listening very carefully in the next few days to what the government has to say after it has had time to think," he stressed, "Because it is not possible that anyone could pretend that there is no conclusion to be drawn after such a clear vote from the Spanish people."
The Socialists lost their absolute majority in the 109-seat regional assembly for the first time since coming to power, taking only 45 seats, against the 62 it had held after the last elections in 1990.
He was in a coma immediately after the accident.
The German race was cancelled after the accident.
Ismael Khan has refused to talk with journalists but his aides said he planned to hold a press conference after completing his series of talks with feuding leaders.
He said he had made the claim to a Lebanese investigating judge after his arrest earlier this year in connection with the murder of Naeb Omran al-Maaitah, the first secretary at the Jordanian embassy in Lebanon.
The British UNPROFOR patrol, comprising two Warrior armoured troop carriers, fired back after being targetted by 15-20 mortar shells and several bursts of machine gun fire Sunday evening, Chaperon said.
Paris dealers said that shares had fallen in line with gilts after the two main French parties did badly in the European elections, while German Chancellor Helmut Kohl's Christian Democratic Union party did well, contrary to expectations.
Amstrad rose by 1.5 to 33 pence after announcing the acquisition of Viglen for up to 60 million pounds, while EMAP fell by two pence to 407 after announcing that it might bid for Trans World.
Ten minutes after opening, the CAC 40 index had fallen through the psychologically-important 2,000 level for the second time since June 1.
Generale des Eaux was calmer after rumours of corruption last week and its shares rose by 0.18 percent to 2,230 francs.
Kohl himself was surprised, as well as pleased, that the Christian parties scored so high, after months of opinion polls putting the opposition in the lead.
The recent signs of economic recovery in Germany, after a year which saw the worst recession since World War II, were largely responsible for the CDU-CSU success in Sunday's vote, according to an opinion poll by ZDF television researchers.
Reporting Abiola's formation of a parallel government more than 24 hours after the event, the daily The News in a special edition on Monday devoted its whole front page to a picture of the businessman brandishing his fist in triumph, with the title 'President Abiola'.
Junior Planning and Development Minister Oduya Oprong was rushed to hospital with two bullet wounds in the head after being shot Saturday evening, the officials said.
The skirmishes, which broke out Saturday after a meeting of opposition supporters called for the resignation of President Dzhokar Dudayev, claimed "many victims", including civilians, and were continuing Monday, the sources said without giving further details.
(new series) John Major gets breathing space as Tories limit Euro losses by Allen Nacheman  LONDON, June 13 (AFP)  Prime Minister John Major appeared to have gained some breathing space and new job security Monday after his Conservative Party, although losing big to Labour in European elections, fared far less poorly than forecast.
The European election, coming after humiliating Conservative defeats in five parliamentary by-elections last week and in local council elections last month, had been widely seen as a referendum on Major and his government.
Never represented in the European Parliament, the Liberal Democrats gained a foothold with two seats, a breakthrough victory but also a disappointment after they had been forecast to send as many as 10 deputies to Strasbourg.
Northern forces shell Aden as fourth ceasefire fizzles by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, Yemen, June 13 (AFP)  Northern forces kept up their artillery barrage around this key southern port on Monday as a fourth ceasefire in Yemen's civil war failed to materialise after a night of shelling in which six people died.
The government in Sanaa had announced a new three-hour ceasefire to start at 6.00 a.m. (0300 GMT), but after a brief lull the sound of artillery fire could be heard at the time the truce should have started, an AFP correspondent reported.
Two earlier ceasefires also collapsed after several hours, with both sides blaming each other for renewed fighting.
Brahimi, a former Algerian foreign minister, arrived in Mukalla Sunday after a fact-finding visit to Oman, in line with UN Security Resolution 924 of June 1 calling for an immediate ceasefire in the war and the reopening of talks between north and south.
(incorporates Philippines-Moslem-free,lead) Moslem gang frees 20 hostages, two left behind  ZAMBOANGA, Philippines, June 13 (AFP)  Moslem gunmen freed 20 of their 22 Christian hostages Monday in the southern island of Basilan after they massacred 15 others last week, a senior military official said here.
Fifteen male hostages were executed within an hour after their kidnapping.
He said he had made the claim to a Lebanese investigating judge after his arrest earlier this year in connection with the murder of Naeb Omran al-Maaitah, the first secretary at the Jordanian embassy in Lebanon.
(new series) (picture) Rocard faces ouster threat after poor Europoll showing by Geoffrey Varley  PARIS, June 13 (AFP)  The future of Michel Rocard as French Socialist leader looked dim on Monday after his party's poor showing in European elections Sunday.
The OAU council of ministers on Saturday evening adopted a list of some 20 resolutions concerning Africa's different problems to be put to the summit, after a week of preparatory talks in the Tunisian capital.
Some members of the interim government proclaimed after the April 6 death of president Juvenal Habyarimana fled Gitarama several days ago, UN spokesman Jean-Guy Plante said.
The mainly Tutsi rebels refuse to recognise the all-Hutu government formed after Habyarimana's death.
But evacuations were suspended last week after a convoy came under fire.
The UN Assistance Mission in Rwanda (UNAMIR) decided to continue evacuations Monday after both sides agreed to a four-hour truce to allow the convoys to get through.
The June Movement was itself created after the "no" vote on the treaty in June 1992.
Social Democrat allies enjoyed mixed fortunes, according to the partial returns, while the Radicals were poised to enter the European Parliament for the first time with one seat after taking 8.7 percent.
In contrast, the Centre Democrats, overtly pro-European, lost its two seats after plunging from 7.9 percent to just 0.9. The Christian Democrats again failed to enter the assembly, with just 1.2 percent, but the opposition Popular Socialists held onto their one mandate with 8.7 percent.
Castro, fourth son of the born-again Christian president, shot Maureen Tembo in the knee on May 19 at a house he drove her to after picking her up on one of the Lusaka streets.
Tembo, who was not present in the court, told journalists a day after the incident that Castro had wanted to conceal the shooting by attempting to remove the bullet and extended the wound to make it look like a knife wound.
Earlier this year he destroyed musical equipment after falling into a scuffle with doormen and his own bodyguard at a discotheque in Lusaka.
Three months ago he ran into problems with Intercontinental Hotel management after he refused to settle a bill running into millions of kwachas, the local currency, which he spent on entertaining friends, according to the local press.
The All Party Kashmir Freedom Conference, an umbrella organization of some 30 Moslem militant and political groups, called the strike after the slaying of Hindu politician Subhash Jain sparked violence between Hindus and Kashmiri Moslems in Doda district.
Gholamreza Tanha, a well-digger in the northeastern city of Mashhad, fell on Sunday after a rope he was climbing down gave way.
The Spaniard, a winner of three Tour de France in a row, fell from grace in the rankings published by the International Cycling Union (UCI) after being overshadowed in the Tour of Italy.
He also suggested switching forwards after two games, "so they can have sex and wait several days before returning to the field of play."
Midfield players, fulfilling a different role in the team, perform best after four days of abstinence, and defenders and goalkeepers only three days.
UAE court to give verdict in BCCI case  ABU DHABI, June 13 (AFP)  A United Arab Emirates (UAE) court will announce its verdict in the trial of former executives of the collapsed BCCI here on Tuesday after nearly six months of hearings, court officials said.
They were rounded up in a police raid on the BCCI headquarters a few months after the Bank of Credit and Commerce International was shut worldwide in July 1991 and ordered liquidated a year later for allegations of massive fraud.
But his return to Jericho and Gaza, which came under self-rule a month ago after 27 years of Israeli occupation, may now not take place before the end of the month, at the earliest.
Berlusconi, much criticized for retaining media interests after becoming premier, owns Italy's third largest private group, Fininvest.
Reformed communist party chief resigns after election setback  ROME, June 13 (AFP)  Reformed communist (PDS) party chief Achille Occhetto resigned Monday after his party's relatively poor showing in the European Parliament elections, the PDS press department announced.
Heavy fighting also resumed overnight around the central town of Kuito, which had calmed down on Saturday after battles that have claimed almost 600 lives since May 26, the radio said.
The two sides, at war since independence in 1975, signed a first peace pact in May 1991, but renewed conflict broke out after UNITA lost UN- supervised general elections in September 1992.
The Dow Jones index of 30 industrial shares fell 13.16 points shortly after trading opened to 3,760.29.
UN troops resumed  the evacuation of civilians trapped behind hostile lines in Kigali after both  sides agreed to a four-hour truce to allow the convoys to get through.
(AFP)     ADEN, Yemen: Northern Yemeni forces kept up their artillery barrage around  Aden as a fourth ceasefire in Yemen's civil war failed to materialise after a  night of shelling in which six people died.
The government in Sanaa had  announced a new three-hour ceasefire to start at 6.00 a.m. (0300 GMT), but  after a brief lull the artillery fire resumed.
The Foreign Office reiterated its demand after Yussef Shaaban, 29, a suspect in the murder case of a Jordanian diplomat, told a Beirut court Monday he had placed the bomb.
Reformed Italian communist party chief resigns after poll setback  ROME, June 13 (AFP)  Reformed Italian communist (PDS) party chief Achille Occhetto resigned Monday after his party's relatively poor showing in the European Parliament elections, the PDS press department announced.
Although the vote took place last Thursday, the vote count did not begin until Sunday after the conclusion of voting throughout the 12-nation European Union.
Cubans crash gate of German embassy  HAVANA, June 13 (AFP)  Sixteen Cubans asked for political asylum Monday after crashing a lorry through the gates of the German embassy here and taking refuge inside, diplomats said.
Earlier, Chechen opposition sources said that the fighting, which broke out Saturday after a meeting of opposition supporters called for the resignation of President Dzhokar Dudayev, had claimed "many victims," including civilians.
The report came as northern Yemeni forces kept up their artillery barrage around the key southern port Monday and a fourth ceasefire in Yemen's six-week civil war failed to materialise after a night of shelling in which six people died.
"(North Korea) will be able to extract 200 kilos of plutonium a year and export nuclear weapons" after 1998, when a 200-megawatt reactor at the fourth of its nuclear plants under construction is dedicated as scheduled, he said.
The UN Security Council is set to debate imposing sanctions against North Korea after its refusal to allow full inspections of a 5-megawatt experimental nuclear facility at Yongbyon.
Yun Ho-Jin, spokesman for Pyongyang's Vienna embassy, said Friday that North Korea would take "adequate retaliatory measures" after the IAEA voted to suspend technical aid to the country.
"The Japanese people will not forget the generosity of the support which the United States extended to my country after World War II," he said.
reopens (TOKYO) North Korea signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) in 1985 after it was encouraged to do so by the former Soviet Union.
Holyfield set for return to the ring  PHILADELPHIA, Pennsylvania, June 13 (AFP)  Former heavyweight world champion Evander Holyfield, who retired after being beaten by Michael Moorer for the WBA-IBF title in April, is set for a return to the ring.
His doctor had revealed after the defeat against Moorer that Holyfield was suffering from a heart condition.
Britain should also extend to Hong Kong all relevant international human rights conventions and take measures to ensure the monitoring of these committees after China takes control of the colony in 1997.
Each investor can buy upto 10,000 shares, Information Minister Khalid Ahmed Kharal told reporters after a meeting of the federal cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto approved the scheme.
Bodine's comments came after Yussef Shaaban, a 29-year-old member of Abu Nidal's radical Palestinian group, told a Beirut court he had placed the bomb that ripped through the Pan Am plane, killing 270 people.
Shaaban said he had confessed to a Lebanese investigating judge after his arrest earlier this year in connection with the murder of Naeb Omran al-Maaitah, the first secretary at the Jordanian embassy in Lebanon.
                    EU-vote,lead                     650 words around 1630 GMT     LONDON:         Prime Minister John Major defies naysayers                     after Tories' better than expected                     Euro-vote results give him breathing room                     and more job security.
                    EU-Italy,lead                     600 words around 1630 GMT     ROME:           Achille Occhetto, who sustained Italy's former                     communists through the "clean hands" corruption                     crisis which decimated the country's mainstream                     parties, throws in the towel after his party                     fails in its bid to challenge neophyte rightwing                     premier Silvio Berlusconi.
                    EU-Germany                     600 words moved                     by Michael Anders     PARIS:          The future looks dim for French Socialist                     Party leader Michel Rocard after voters                     deliver a slap in the face to the mainstream                     parties in European elections.
                    OAU,2ndlead                     600 words around 1530 GMT                     by Marie Joannidis     ADEN, Yemen:    Southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid                     wants UN peace envoy Lakhdar Brahimi                     to visit the besieged city of Aden,                     after another ceasefire fails                     in Yemen's civil war.
Picture                     by Sue Kendall     MEXICO CITY:    Tensions climb as hopes dim for a peaceful                     settlement of the Chiapas conflict before                     the August 21 national elections after rebels                     rejected the government's peace plan.
The carnage in Rwanda began after both Rwanda's president Juvenal Habyarimana and Burundi's president Cyprien Ntaryamira were killed in a suspected rocket attack on the Rwandan leader's plane on April 6.
Prior was reported to have suffered head and internal injuries and a boken spine after hitting a barrier.
It did not make clear whether this meant that two IAEA inspectors, currently in North Korea, would be expelled, or whether other inspectors would be barred after their visit was over.
Some members of the interim government proclaimed after the April 6 death of president Juvenal Habyarimana fled Gitarama several days ago, UN spokesman Major Jean-Guy Plante said.
But evacuations were suspended last week after a convoy came under fire.
The UN Assistance Mission in Rwanda (UNAMIR) decided to continue evacuations Monday after both sides agreed to a four-hour truce to allow the convoys to get through.
He thanked 11 African nations for expressing readiness to help boost the UN mission in Rwanda to 5,500 men, following the outbreak of massacres after president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in an suspected rocket attack on his plane on April 6.
The Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) rebels on Monday pursued peace talks with the army in the capital Kigali, while claiming to have captured the town of Gitarama, where the interim government fled after the renewed fighting broke out.
The OAU council of ministers on Saturday evening adopted a list of some 20 resolutions concerning Africa's different problems to be put to the summit, after a week of preparatory talks in the Tunisian capital.
Political temperature rises after rebels spurn government peace plan by Noel Lorthiois  MEXICO CITY, June 13 (AFP)  The rejection of a peace plan by rebels in southern Mexico has led to mounting tensions as hopes dimmed for a peaceful settlement of the conflict before the August 21 national elections.
Rebels have demanded guarantees of a fraud-free vote in August, an election  that PRI will have to scramble for after it was weakened by the New Year's Day rebel revolt that drew support from a broad political spectrum.
Both sides, for the moment, show little stomach for immediately resuming fighting after the peasant rebel uprising left, according to a human rights group, 159 dead and 416 missing in less than two weeks of fighting.
Major defiant in face of Tory losses in Euro-elections  LONDON, June 13 (AFP)  British Prime Minister John Major took a defiant stand Monday after his Tory Party's heavy losses in European elections, saying he would not resign, would fight off any leadership challenge, and would stay with his current policies.
"I will be leading the party into the next election," he told a press conference in the garden of his home at No. 10 Downing Street after the Tories lost 14 of their 32 seats in the European Parliament.
Significant progress came during the past week after talks in Washington with Turkey's undersecretary for foreign affairs, Ozdem Sanberk, according to US officials.
Foster, whose death was ruled a suicide, had access to the Whitewater file and questions have been raised about White House staff removing papers after his death, before police could begin their investigation.
Clinton ignored reporters' questions about Sunday's interview when he came out of the White House moments after the release of Cutler's statement to bid farewell to the visiting Japanese emperor.
A spokesman from the international sidecar federation was earlier reported saying Prior, who is fighting for his life after a high-speed accident in Sunday's German Grand Prix at Hockenheim, died on Monday.
Prior was reported to have suffered head and internal injuries and a boken spine after hitting a barrier in a three-vehicle pile-up.
Prior, whose sidecar was ridden by Yoshisada Kumagaya of Japan, hit a barrier after a sidecar driven by Austrian Klaus Klaffenboeck went out of control at more than 200kmh (125mph).
Cubans crash gate of German embassy  HAVANA, June 13 (AFP)  Twenty-one Cubans asked for political asylum Monday after crashing a lorry through the gates of the German embassy here and taking refuge inside, diplomats said.
The latest fighting in Rwanda began after a suspected rocket attack on a plane carrying Rwanda's president Juvenal Habyarimana and Burundi's president Cyprien Ntaryamira killed both countries' leaders on April 6.
They are expected to form a new coalition government after national elections also held Sunday.
The neurologist said Wendlinger, who was in a controlled coma for more than three weeks after the May accident before being flown back from Nice to Austria, "took his first steps while being supported".
It did not make clear whether this meant that two IAEA inspectors, currently in North Korea, would be expelled, or whether other inspectors would be barred after their visit was over.
The UN Security Council is set to debate imposing sanctions against North Korea after its refusal to allow full inspections of an experimental nuclear reactor at Yongbyon, suspected by the United States to be a bomb factory.
"(North Korea) will be able to extract 200 kilos (440 pounds) of plutonium a year and export nuclear weapons" after 1998, when a 200-megawatt reactor at the fourth of its nuclear plants under construction is dedicated as scheduled, he said.
Gerasch banned for two years  PARIS, June 13 (AFP)  Germany's former world champion swimmer Sylvia Gerasch was banned for two years on Monday after failing a drugs test.
China's Bai Xiuyu, meanwhile, was suspended for a month after testing positive for the stimulant ephedrine.
Italian left in disarray after second Berlusconi victory by Denis Demonpion  ROME, June 13 (AFP)  The Italian left was in disarray Monday as the leaders of the former communist and Socialist parties resigned following rightwing Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's triumphant showing in European Parliament elections.
The alliance's coordinator, Willer Bordon, also resigned Monday after what he called "miserable results" in Sunday's poll.
The Japanese emperor also paid tribute to the "generosity of the support which the United States extended to my country after World War II" and "the indispensable role played by the United States in ensuring Japan's security and world peace for the past half-century."
No change in women's rankings  MIAMI, Florida, June 6 (AFP)  Steffi Graf, eyeing her fourth consecutive Wimbledon crown after her semi-final failure in the French Open, continued to dominate the women's tennis rankings published here on Monday.
No change in women's rankings  MIAMI, Florida, June 13 (AFP)  Steffi Graf, eyeing her fourth consecutive Wimbledon crown after her semi-final failure in the French Open, continued to dominate the women's tennis rankings published here on Monday.
French Socialists plunged into mutual recriminations after their leader Michel Rocard, hoping to become his party's standard-bearer in presidential elections next year, garnered just 14.49 percent of the poll, well below a target modestly set at 20 percent.
Achille Occhetto resigned after the PDS won 19.1 percent of the vote, down on its 20.4 percent in legislative elections in March and a massive disappointment after the overwhelming success in municipal ballots in November and December last year.
And Ottaviano Del Turco, national secretary of the PSI, stepped down with the announcement that he had "no intention of running again" after his party's crushing defeat: it scored a puny 1.8 percent, compared with 14.8 percent in 1989.
Willer Bordon, the coordinator of the center-left Democratic Alliance which is linked to the Socialists, also resigned after what he called "miserable results" in Sunday's poll.
Riding a wave of sympathy after the death of its leader John Smith last month, Labour had been seen reducing the Tory score to anywhere between six and 20 seats.
The government in Sanaa announced a three-hour ceasefire to start early Monday but after a brief lull, artillery explosions could be heard at the time the truce should have started.
It also holds out the prospect of a Russia-EU free trade zone after 1997 if Moscow has made enough progress towards a market economy by then.
John Major vows to stay the course after Euro losses by Allen Nacheman  LONDON, June 13 (AFP)  Prime Minister John Major on Monday proclaimed his Conservative Party's battering in European elections a relative success and vowed to beat down any challenge to his leadership.
In his press conference, Major defended his government's bitterly controversial decision to raise taxes after having promised not to.
Former communist leader resigns after poor showing in Euro-poll by Olivier Baube  ROME, June 13 (AFP)  Achille Occhetto, the head of Italy's reformed communists who sustained his party through the country's massive corruption crisis, resigned Monday after failing to make a strong showing in the European elections.
He succeeded Alessandro Natta as head of the PCI in 1988 after the latter suffered a heart attack, and immediately went about modernizing the party's image.
Mark rises after Kohl's unexpected success in Euro polls  LONDON, June 13 (AFP)  The mark rose against the US and British currencies on Monday on the unexpected success of German Chancellor Helmut Kohl's Christian Union parties in the European parliamentary elections.
The mark climbed to 3.4112 French francs from 3.4007, to 150.65 drachma from 150.35 and to 82.20 pesetas from 81.85 after the defeat of the governing Socialist party in Spain.
The German currency was also up at 104.55 escudos from 104.43 following the defeat of Portugal's governing party, and fell to 968.35 lire from 965.90 after Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia party showed good Euro results in Italy.
The Swedish krona, after initially rising as an indirect result of the Austrian vote -- seen as a positive sign for a Swedish referendum on EU membership this autumn -- later fell again to 4.7818 kroner to the mark from 4.7495.
Mar 31   : UN Security Council presidential statement urges North Korea to allow inspections after IAEA says it was blocked.
Washington announced earlier this month that it would pursue immediate sanctions against North Korea after it refused to allow the IAEA to inspect its suspect nuclear plants.
Tyson was imprisoned after he was convicted for raping beauty contestant Desiree Washington in 1991.
Paris dealers said that shares had fallen in line with gilts after the two main French parties did badly in the European elections, while German Chancellor Helmut Kohl's Christian Democratic Union party did well, contrary to expectations.
Ten minutes after opening, the CAC 40 index had fallen through the psychologically-important 2,000 level for the second time since June 1.
"We have taken active measures to ensure that those most vulnerable in Haiti will receive nutritional and medical assistance at this time and after the departure of the de facto government."
North Korea's reported withdrawal from the IAEA came three days after the agency suspended technical aid to the country, saying it could no longer guarantee that nuclear fuel had not been diverted to make weapons.
Mansell mystery goes on  LONDON, June 13 (AFP)  The Nigel Mansell mystery deepened on Monday after Williams-Renault denied they were about to meet the former Formula One world champion for secret talks.
Mansell, who quit Williams after winning the 1992 crown and defected to IndyCar racing, is currently in England and has been linked with a return to the team following the death of Ayrton Senna at Imola last month.
Walker rejoins Celtic  GLASGOW, Scotland, June 13 (AFP)  Andy Walker rejoined Celtic here on Monday, just two years after quitting the club to join Bolton in England.
Dhlakama meanwhile counter-accused FRELIMO of using children not only in the war for national independence but even after taking power in 1975, adding that some government soldiers demobilised during the current peace process were under 15 at the time the accord was signed.
Citing Angola's example, where the country plunged into war just weeks after UN-supervised elections, Dhlakama argued the government's aim was to put soldiers in a militarised police force to fight RENAMO if FRELIMO loses elections.
Tyson was imprisoned after he was convicted for raping beauty contestant Desiree Washington in 1991.
Nigeria's six million-population economic capital seemed to have largely ignored a call from democracy activists for a week of peaceful protest from Monday, a year after then military ruler General Ibrahim Babangida annulled the results of the country's presidential elections.
Shopkeepers in the Lawason district closed their shops early after fighting started in the area, NAN reported.
Reporting Abiola's formation of a parallel government more than 24 hours after the event, the daily The News in a special edition on Monday devoted its whole front page to a picture of the businessman brandishing his fist in triumph, with the title 'President Abiola'.
Exxon chairman Lee Raymond said after the verdict: "We are disappointed with the jury's finding that Exxon's conduct was reckless and that this recklessness was a legal cause of the accidental grounding of the Exxon Valdez."
The plaintiffs' lead lawyer, Brian O'Neill, said Exxon had discovered more than one year before the spill that Hazelwood had resumed drinking after undergoing treatment for alcoholism in 1985.
Post-match interviews degenerated into a free-for-all between journalists and guards after Brazil beat El Salvador 4-0 in a World Cup warm-up match in Fresno, California.
Pyongyang had said Friday it would ask them to leave after the IAEA suspended technical assistance to North Korea, one of the severest sanctions it can apply.
Washington has said it will seek UN sanctions against Pyongyang after the IAEA reported late last month that it could no longer guarantee North Korea was not trying to develop a nuclear bomb.
Brahimi insisted on the meeting with Baid, a southern spokesman here told AFP, after Baid had said he wanted the envoy first to visit Aden for a firsthand look at the hardships caused by the war.
Witnesses said several residential suburbs of northern Aden were shelled as the northern and southern armies stepped up their artillery battle outside the city, after another ceasefire failed to take hold.
The government in Sanaa announced a three-hour ceasefire to start early Monday but after a brief lull, artillery explosions could be heard at the time the truce should have started.
He will assume his duties on July 1 replacing Lansana Kouyate, also Ghanian, who served as the interim envoy after the February departure of US admiral Jonathan Howe.
Yorkshire spinner Richard Stemp, meanwhile, a new face in the England set-up and hoping to make his international debut this week, will be reported to Lord's for misconduct after hurling foul and abusive language at Somerset opener Mark Lathwell.
Stemp erupted after Lathwell edged a catch behind off Chris Silverwood in the second over at Bradford but umpires David Constant and Bob White gave him not out because they were not sure if the catch carried to wicket-keeper Richard Blakey.
He was last out after thrashing 10 fours and eight sixes.
Bogus Rothschild leads life of Reilly  HELSINKI, June 13 (AFP)  A man who claimed to be related to the Rothschild banking family after changing his name has been sentenced in absentia to 23 months in prison for fraud and embezzlement, officials said here Monday.
The federal powers in Bern started their own investigation after publication of an inquiry by historian Stefan Keller which later became the basis of a stage play.
EU effort to integrate after 1996 hits roadblock  LUXEMBOURG, June 13 (AFP)  European Union efforts to deepen integration after 1996 hit a roadblock here Monday when foreign ministers quarrelled over whether to involve the European Parliament in its early planning.
The 40-year-old suffered head, spine and internal injuries and was left in a coma after a horrific high-speed crash in Sunday's Grand Prix at Hockenheim.
The announcement ended a day of confusion, after a motorcycling federation spokesman revealed Prior had died, only for the hospital at Mannheim to deny the news.
Prior, whose sidecar was ridden by Yoshisada Kumagaya of Japan, hit a barrier after a sidecar driven by Austrian Klaus Klaffenboeck went out of control at more than 200kmh (125mph).
Morrison, the tourists' main pace bowling threat, began the tour with an injury which forced him out of the first Test and will now head home on Friday after his latest setback.
To make matters worse, the Kiwis' other top bowler, all-rounder Chris Cairns, was ruled out of tour contention because of a knee operation while rookie fast bowler Simon Doull was lost with a shoulder problem just after the start of the trip.
The news will leave New Zealand despondent, especially after they had at last hit back with a win over Glamorgan last week.
                    Korea-nuclear, new series                     500 words moved                     by Susumu Sono     WASHINGTON:     President Bill Clinton discusses                     the next steps on North Korea with                     Russian President Boris Yeltsin after                     Pyongyang says it has withdrawn from                     the International Atomic Energy Agency.
                    EU-vote,lead                     650 words moved     LONDON:         Prime Minister John Major defies naysayers                     after Tories' better than expected                     Euro-vote results give him breathing room                     and more job security.
Picture                     by Allan Kelly     MEXICO CITY:    Tensions climb as hopes dim for a peaceful                     settlement of the Chiapas conflict before                     the August 21 national elections after rebels                     rejected the government's peace plan.
Voting took place Thursday but the vote counting did not get under way until late Sunday after voting elsewhere in Europe.
The IRA's political arm has said it will respond to the declaration after the European elections.
Dollar slips; gold recovers slightly  NEW YORK, June 13 (AFP)  The dollar slipped in quiet trading Monday after dropping on European markets following German Chancellor Helmut Kohl's party's strong showing in European Parliament elections.
Aldair was regarded as the first-choice replacement to Ricardo Gomes after being called up as a late replacement for Carlos Mozer who went down with hepatitis B.
Exxon shed 2-5/8 to 59-5/8 after an Alaska jury found that it acted recklessly in the 1989 spill off the Alaska coast.
The retirement of Barnes puts Mike Catt on the fast track to become Bath's regular stand-off and probably England's number-ten after next year's World Cup.
Foster, whose death was ruled a suicide, had access to the Whitewater file and questions have been raised about White House staff removing papers after his death, before police could begin their investigation.
Clinton ignored reporters' questions about Sunday's interview when he came out of the White House moments after Cutler's statement was released to bid farewell to the visiting Japanese emperor.
Faldo lost a 1988 playoff to Curtis Strange, four years after Norman fell in a playoff with Fuzzy Zoeller.
Marianne Werdel survived a shaky start to beat thirteenth-seeded fellow-American Chanda Rubin 0-6, 7-5, 7-5 and experienced Elna Reinach of South Africa reached the second round after fourteenth seed Natalia Medvedeva of the Ukraine retied after only seven games.
The Japanese emperor also paid tribute to the "generosity of the support which the United States extended to my country after World War II" and "the indispensable role played by the United States in ensuring Japan's security and world peace for the past half-century."
"Generally we don't take the illegitimate government of Mr. (Emile) Jonassaint and his cronies very seriously," spokeswoman Dee Dee Myers said after the regime ordered the heightened security Sunday.
Jonassaint declared the state of emergency two days after President Bill Clinton tightened the sanctions on Haiti with a ban on US commercial flights and new restrictions on cash transfers.
A similar center is to be set up later on the British Caribbean territory of the Turks and Caicos islands after the US government abandoned its policy of turning Haitian refugees back at sea without granting a hearing.
The State Department ordered some personnel to leave the country Friday after the sanctions were announced and advised all US citizens to leave as soon as possible.
Milutinovic will have to start against the Swiss without South African-born forward Roy Wegerle, who is not entirely fit after three knee operations this year.
"We do not discuss details during the match, only after the game is over do we go over what went wrong," he said.
Hussein has been tightening his control in Iraq to deal with the country's worsening economic problems, exacerbated by the international embargo imposed after its invasion of Kuwait in August 1990.
Speaking to journalists after the first session of a Baltic Council of Ministers, Latvian Valdis Birkavs, Lithuanian Adolfas Slezevicius and Estonian Mart Laar described a recent decision to establish the body as "historic."
The United States decided to seek sanctions against North Korea after the IAEA reported late last month that it could no longer guarantee Pyongyang was not diverting nuclear material for military purposes.
North Korea had also threatened to leave the IAEA after the agency on Friday suspended technical assistance to Pyongyang, one of its severest sanctions.
and we reiterate that we are in favor of lifting it," Salinas said after meeting with Cuba's President Fidel Castro.
"The FIFA medical committee encourages all players and team staff to drink liquids before, during and after matches," the sport's governing body said Monday.
Earlier, thousands of Lubavitchers from around the world began flooding into New York immediately after hearing the news and some 4,000 of his followers gathered at his headquarters, dancing, chanting and drinking cases of beer.
Brahimi met southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid on Monday in the port city of Mukalla after the UN Security Council called for an immediate ceasefire in the month-long war and the reopening of talks between north and south.
Baid declared a breakaway state on May 21 two weeks after fighting broke out between northern and southern forces.
Under the new system, the poor will be guaranteed an offer of training or a job -- possibly community service -- after receiving government money for a limited period, probably two years.
The bloodied bodies of Nicole Brown Simpson, 35, and a 26-year-old man were found outside her condominium after midnight Sunday (0400 GMT Monday), said Scott Carrier, a spokesman for the county coroner's office.
If we are asked to come back, we intend to cooperate," said Howard Weitzman, Simpson's attorney, as they left police headquarters after 3-1/1 hours.
But he is now reassured after talking to his wife," team spokesman Nelson Borges said.
Post-match interviews degenerated into a free-for-all between journalists and guards after Brazil beat El Salvador 4-0 in a World Cup warm-up match in Fresno, California.
Aldair was regarded as the first-choice replacement to Ricardo Gomes after being called up as a late replacement for Carlos Mozer who went down with hepatitis B.
The 29-year-old Berthold, who returned to Germany to play for Stuttgart after a spell with Roma, was an unexpected late addition to the German squad.
OAU summit welcomes Mandela, sets stage for Cameroon-Nigeria reconciliation  TUNIS, June 14 (AFP)  African leaders hold fresh talks here Tuesday after welcoming South African President Nelson Mandela to an OAU summit that on Monday took a major stride toward resolving a border dispute between Cameroon and Nigeria.
In a debate in the upper House of Lords, peers called for "concrete measures" against Iran after reports of its alleged involvement with the terrorist Irish Republican Army and the forgery of a letter from Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd.
Irish government team intact, after delayed Euro-poll count  DUBLIN, June 14 (AFP)  The ruling Irish government coalition of Fianna Fail and Labour won a comfortable eight of Ireland's 15 seats in the European Parliament, as delayed vote-counting was completed Monday.
Counting did not begin until Sunday, after voting had ended throughout the 12-nation European Union, and was delayed by a ballot recount Monday in the electoral district of Leinster.
The objective was a nuclear-free world, not a denuclearized India, Rao said, only a month after US Deputy Secretary of State Strobe Talbot had returned empty-handed from trying to persuade Pakistan to cap its suspected nuclear arms program.
China's foreign ministry issued a similar statement after its test last week, calling on "other nuclear-weapons states to give up their policy of nuclear deterrence and commit themselves in explicit terms to complete prohibition and thorough destruction of nuclear weapons."
Capriati, 18, spent 23 days in a drug rehabilitation center after her May 16 arrest at a Coral Gables motel.
Police, who went to the motel after being tipped off about a runaway staying there, also charged one of the people with Capriati with heroin possession and another with cocaine possession.
Labour resurgent, but ailing Tory PM could rally, after Euro defeats: press  LONDON, June 14 (AFP)  Britain's Labour party is at its strongest for decades, but Conservative Prime Minister John Major has averted catastrophe and might yet win back disillusioned supporters, the press said Tuesday in the aftermath of European elections.
African leaders tackle Rwandan crisis on secoond day of OAU summit by Marie Joannidis  TUNIS, June 14 (AFP)  African leaders meeting here on Tuesday will discuss concrete steps to end the bloodshed in Rwanda after taking a major stride on Monday toward resolving a border dispute between Cameroon and Nigeria.
An AFP journalist saw it in flight, two days after its arrival.
"If the police are still there Wednesday at 1300 GMT (9.30 p.m.) I will start a hunger strike," said Wang, who returned to Beijing on Sunday after spending time in Shangdon province, east China, to avoid trouble with police during the fifth anniversary of the June 4 Tiananmen massacre.
The decisions were disclosed less than a week after the Japan Federation of Employers' Associations (Nikkeiren), a leading business group, proposed cutting starting salaries so more people could be hired.
Hindu youth killed for marrying into higher caste  NEW DELHI, June 14 (AFP)  An "untouchable" Hindu youth was beaten to death by a mob and his higher caste wife stripped and clubbed with burning logs after they eloped, The Times of India reported Tuesday.
Mahavir Ravidas, who belonged to the Harijan, or "untouchable" community -- the lowest rung in the Hindu caste ladder -- died a day after he was assaulted by members of the Kurmi caste who opposed the marriage, the newspaper said.
Lu urged the Hong Kong government to look beyond 1997, when the territory reverts to Beijing sovereignty, in solving the property problem, adding that "the effects of most of the measure will not be seen until after 1997."
The government plans to build between 45,000 and 60,000 public housing flats in the next six years, but Chinese officials fear most will be build after 1997 placing a financial burden to the new government.
Khue's visit comes just after North Korea announced it was withdrawing from the International Atomic Energy Agency, the United Nation's nuclear watchdog.
Games planners to rethink pay package for Sydney's most wanted man by Jack Taylor  SYDNEY, June 14 (AFP)  A 400,000-dollar (295,000 US) salary package offered to lure a top person here to plan the 2000 Olympic Games is to be reconsidered after the favoured candidate pulled out, New South Wales Premier John Fahey said Tuesday.
By contrast, foreign investment has soared in the past two years, after paramount leader Deng Xiaoping's trip to southern China sparked an economic boom that has brought growth of 13 percent in recent years.
Convicted killer executed by lethal injection  HUNTSVILLE, Texas, June 14 (AFP)  A man convicted in the 1984 shooting death of a Houston store owner was executed by lethal injection early Tuesday, hours after the US Supreme Court turned down a stay of execution.
"It's a victory of French technology," said Pierre Bilger, as champagne corks popped after the Anglo-French consortium GEC-Alsthom chief executive officer signed the contract documents with Park Yoo- Kwang, chairman of Korea Highspeed Railroad Construction (KHRC).
The signing came after three years of fierce competition between GEC- Alsthom and Germany's Siemens AG.
The dramatic fall was the first since China's economy began picking up in 1990 after being hit by an austerity drive and the fall-out of the 1989 Tiananmen Massacre.
The radio, monitored by the Panafrican news agency PANA, quoted an army officer in Kayanza as saying the streets of the town were deserted after residents fled following the attack on Monday.
Some 450 crew took mock flight tests of their handling ability in Airbus and Boeing jets after the crash that killed 264 people and 41 barely passed, the officials said.
An all-Hutu government proclaimed after Habyarimana's death fled the capital Kigali in April as the mainly Tutsi rebels steadily gained ground against government forces.
The greenback had plunged below 103 yen in New York on Monday as it lost ground against the German mark after a victory of German Chancellor Helmut Kohl's ruling coalition in Sunday's European parliamentary elections.
They were rounded up in a police raid on the BCCI headquarters a few months after the Bank of Credit and Commerce International was shut worldwide in July 1991 and ordered liquidated a year later for allegations of massive fraud.
"It would be too much to hope for" that the summit of 20 leaders from Latin America and the Caribbean, Spain and Portugal meeting here Tuesday and Wednesday could lift the embargo, Castro said after stepping off the plane.
Outgoing Colombian President Cesar Gaviria, summit host and next head of the Organization of American States (OAS) after he leaves office August 7, is known to favor bringing Cuba out of the cold, providing Castro agrees to democratic elections.
The South Korean cabinet announced after a meeting that the push for UN sanctions against North Korea should continue.
Sydney Olympic chief says no  SYDNEY, June 14 (AFP)  Sydney's Olympic preparations suffered a setback here on Tuesday after the man chosen to head the event pulled out at the last minute.
South Korean shares plunge under nuclear cloud  SEOUL, June 14 (AFP)  The price of shares on the South Korean stock market plunged in panic selling by individual investors on Tuesday after North Korea had announced that it was withdrawing from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
It gives Ukraine easier access to western European markets, and offers the prospect of a free trade agreement after 1997 if Ukraine makes progress towards a free market economy.
Both men were killed after they were seen leaving the meeting together in a car, police said.
Boli's departure will continue the haemorrhage of talent from Marseille after the club was brought to the edge of bankruptcy by a match-rigging affair which led to it being relegated to the French second division.
(picture) North Korean logging in Siberia -- tough but well-paid job: escapees  SEOUL, June 14 (AFP)  South Korea Tuesday presented six North Koreans who sought asylum here after escaping from Pyongyang-operated logging camps in Siberia, as tension was escalating over North Korea's nuclear standoff.
"Food was always insufficient, and some lumberjacks had to catch rats or frogs to eat," said Kim Dong-Woon, 35, a member of the group which arrived here last month after a one-year trek.
Kim Dong-Wun also said he had been sought by North Korean authorities after he beat a supervisor, who banned Kim from driving a fork-lift in retaliation for refusing to give him bribes.
The decisions were disclosed less than a week after the Japan Federation of Employers' Associations (Nikkeiren), a leading business group, had proposed cutting starting salaries so that more people could be hired.
They were rounded up in a police raid on the BCCI headquarters a few months after the BCCI was shut worldwide in July 1991 and ordered liquidated a year later for allegations of massive fraud.
They were rounded up in a police raid on the BCCI headquarters a few months after the BCCI was shut worldwide in July 1991 and ordered liquidated a year later for allegations of massive fraud.
Analysts said that the new company would become the world's biggest independent oil exploration company, and the fourth-biggest British oil company, after British Petroleum (BP), Shell and Exxon.
Rebels press ahead in Rwanda fighting  KIGALI, June 14 (AFP)  Rwandan rebels were slowly pressing their advantage in fighting with government forces here a day after claiming to have captured the town of Gitarama, where the self-proclaimed interim government fled and set up its base in April.
An all-Hutu government proclaimed after Habyarimana's death fled the capital Kigali in April as the mainly Tutsi rebels steadily gained ground against government forces.
he is fully aware of the situation," Han told foreign journalists after the lunch meeting.
In Carter's case, the officials said, they expected a soft line aimed at befuddling world opinion, after the hard line of withdrawing from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Armed gunmen free prisoners  PADUA, Italy, June 14 (AFP)  Armed gunmen freed six prisoners in this northern city overnight after two earlier aborted attempts, judicial officials said Tuesday.
                     Korea-nuclear-NPT                      600 words moved     ROME:            Italy's left searches for new leadership                      after the socialist and former communist party                      chiefs resign over their failure to stem                      the rise of the right wing led by Silvio                      Berlusconi.
North Korea's official KCNA news agency announced Monday that Pyongyang was withdrawing from the Vienna-based nuclear watchdog organisation, three days after the IAEA adopted sanctions against it.
Meanwhile, KCNA, monitored in Tokyo, said a North Korean military delegation returned home Monday after visiting China.
Islamic fundamentalists temporarily called off the killing of suspected collaborators on May 29 -- after hanging two men -- to give the new police force time to show it could handle the issue.
The statistics for May are expected to indicate an increase of about 0.3 percent in the core inflation rate, after a 0.2 percent increase provisionally reported for April.
Against European currencies, the mark was stronger after receiving a boost from the surprisingly good results for German Chancellor Helmut Kohl's CDU in the European Parliamentary elections on Sunday in Germany.
US press reports say he may stop off in Vietnam before or after the visit.
Do Muoi repeatedly emphasised Vietnam was only interested in peace after years of war, and intended to widen and strengthen its ties with the rest of the world, as its wish to join the Association of South East Asian nations "sooner or later" demonstrated.
It gives Ukraine easier access to western European markets, and offers the prospect of a free trade agreement after 1997 if Ukraine makes progress towards a free market economy.
"It's a victory of French technology," said Pierre Bilger, as champagne corks popped after the GEC-Alsthom chief executive officer signed the contract documents with Park Yoo-Kwang, Korea Highspeed Railroad Construction (KHRC) chairman.
The signing came out after three years of fierce and often bitter competition between GEC-Alsthom's "Train a Grande Vitesse" (TGV) and the German giant Siemens AG's Inter-City Express (ICE).
It gives Ukraine easier access to western European markets, and offers the prospect of a free trade agreement after 1997 if Ukraine makes progress towards a free market economy.
They released 20 of the remaining 22 hostages, mostly schoolteachers, on Monday after local officials paid a ransom reported to be as high as one million pesos and have demanded a three million peso (112,000 dollar) ransom for the release of the priest, Father Cirilo Nacorda.
Share prices higher in London and Paris after slow start  LONDON, June 14 (AFP)  Share prices were higher in London and Paris early Tuesday, rising after initial weakness on lower futures and bond markets which offset the benefits of a firm showing on Wall Street overnight, dealer said.
Enterprise lost eight pence to 391 while Lasmo dipped two pence to 146 after opening at 148 pence.
The water company Severn Trent rose three pence to 529 after a four percent rise in annual pre-tax profits to 281 million pounds.
Scoa fell 4.8 percent, while Dietrich dipped 4.5 percent after rising 3.6 percent on Monday.
Pechiney International fell 4.2 percent after managing director Jean Gandois indicated a drop in first-quarter results.
Lawyers also said they expected the UAE to give up attempts to bring Abedi to Abu Dhabi to serve his jail term on the grounds he is half paralysed and unable to speak after he suffered from a stroke three years ago.
"There is no reason to worry about war on the Korean peninsula," Han told a press conference, hours after North Korea withdrew from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Han stressed that the door would always remain open to a negotiated settlement, saying that South Korea was ready to settle the nuclear issue through talks, even after sanctions were imposed, if North Korea promised to meet all conditions required by the IAEA.
Some 40,000 people fled their homes after Khmer Rouge guerrillas re- captured their Pailin headquarters from the government April 19 and then surged forward to within 15 kilometers (nine miles) of Battambang, Cambodia's second city.
Strong earthquake rocks East Java for second time in a month  JAKARTA, June 14 (AFP)  A major earthquake rocked the southern coast of East Java on Tuesday, only 11 days after a temblor of the same magnitude triggered huge killer waves that killed 222 people, an official said.
An all-Hutu government proclaimed after Habyarimana's death fled the capital Kigali in April as the RPF steadily gained ground against government forces.
The radio report followed a rumpus between Israel and the PLO after chairman Yasser Arafat called in May for a holy war to liberate Jerusalem from Jewish rule.
Chapuis said the danger lies in the old artesian wells around Aden, where the city's 500,000 residents were forced to collect water after northern troops bombed the Bir Nasser water pumping station 15 kilometers (nine miles) away and cut off water supplies for a week.
"We will need a minimum of 1,200 policmen and civilians in Jericho and three times as many in Gaza to protect Yasser Arafat and look after the logistics," one of Palestinian protocol officers told AFP.
Occhetto, leader of the reformed communist Party of the Democratic Left (PDS), resigned Monday after results of the European elections put his party well behind Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's right- wing Forza Italia.
Two other leftist leaders, Ottaviano Del Turco, the national secretary of the Italian Socialist Party (PSI), and Willer Bordon, coordinator of the Democratic Alliance, also resigned after their poor showing in the Euro-poll Sunday.
But, he said he and Subeih were among 19 still wanted by Israel after another 32 -- charged with less serious crimes -- were granted amnesty.
The accord gives Ukraine easier access to western European markets, and offers the prospect of a free trade agreement after 1997 if Ukraine makes progress towards a free market economy.
Traditionally, bodies of the dead must be buried to enable families to perform rituals a year after the death to initiate the deceased into the spirit world.
UN suspends relief flights in Angola  HARARE, June 14 (AFP)  The United Nations relief agency, the World Food Programme, has cancelled all relief flights in Angola after the rebel UNITA's refusal to grant security guarantees for this week, a WFP regional information officer announced Tuesday.
The two foes who have fought since independence in 1975 signed a first peace pact in May 1991 but renewed clashes after UNITA lost UN- supervised general elections in September 1992.
"The ambassador left in May for Japan after the three years of his mandate as well as the number two who left in November also after three years," the Pakistani diplomat here said, adding that "Indians have done it to embarrass us"...It's Indian propaganda."
"Whether or not any ransom is paid, we will still run after them.
Another 20 hostages, mostly schoolteachers, were freed on Monday after local officials paid a ransom reported to be as high as one million pesos.
The MNLF launched a bloody campaign for a separate state in the southern Philippines in the 1970s but after it lost steam, the group signed a ceasefire and agreed to negotiate for a grant of autonomy in the Moslem-populated regions.
Alfi said lawyer Abdel al-Hareth Madani was arrested after police investigations on a series of bank bombings last February showed that he "played a major role in illegal actions".
Ugandan deputy minister of local goverment, responsible for relief operations, Stephen Chebrot, said that after the recent fall of the rebel-held town of Kajo Kaji, Sudanese goverment forces immediately started advancing on Nimule, triggering a mass flight by thousands of people.
Press reports said here Tuesday that the border post of Atiak was also deserted after most aid agencies and non-governmental organisations (NGOs) that have been operating there decided to flee to the northern Ugandan town of Gulu, 330 kilometres (200 miles) north of the Ugandan capital Kampala.
His comments came two weeks before the Legislative Council is to adopt the final stage of Governor Chris Patten's political reforms, which had triggered a breakdown in Sino-British relations after they were unveiled in October 1992.
Two years after this, at the latest, the two European operators will buy a remaining 42.9 million shares at a maximum price of 51 dollars a share.
(releasable at 0001 GMT Wednesday) Israeli torture of Palestinians goes on, rights groups says  JERUSALEM, June 15 (AFP)  Israeli interrogators continue to torture Palestinians on the occupied West Bank after withdrawing from most of Gaza and Jericho, a human rights group charged Wednesday.
Georgia lost Abkhazia in September 1993 after 13 months of fighting that claimed between 3,000 to 10,000 lives according to various estimates and forced 250,000 Georgian refugees out of the Moslem enclave to central parts of the Caucasus republic.
(picture) (graphic) SKorean leaders seek to calm population after North Korea's IAEA pullout by Kate Webb  SEOUL, June 14 (AFP)  South Korean leaders sought to calm the population of Seoul Tuesday, after North Korea's announcement that it would pull out of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) triggered panic stockpiling here.
The city's nervous response came only a day after North Korea announced it was "immediately" quitting the United Nations' nuclear watchdog agency and would shield its nuclear programme from further scrutiny.
And after announcing his intention to quit the IAEA -- which has been trying to prove whether Pyonyang's claim to have no nuclear weapons ambitions is true -- Kim Il-Sung is likely to offer concessions to Carter, said one foreign ministry official.
Prior, whose sidecar was ridden by Yoshisada Kumagaya of Japan, hit a barrier after a sidecar driven by Austrian Klaus Klaffenboeck went out of control at more than 200kmh (125mph).
It was business as usual in the metropolis of six million inhabitants after police appealed for calm in radio broadcasts Tuesday morning, and called for people to carry on with their daily affairs saying that the safety of both people and goods would be ensured.
Jaskula axed from Tour de France  PARIS, 14 June (AFP)  Polish rider Zenon Jaskula, third in the Tour de France last year, will not take part in this year's race after the team line-up was announced on Tuesday.
He replaces veteran international Franck Mesnel, forced out of the tour after a knee cartilage injury.
A 1.1 percent rise in short-term "OPCVM" fund securities held by non- financial agents was noted, after several months of decline.
Gandois told a general meeting of shareholders that interim profits would be less than the figure of 439 million francs (78.3 million dollars) reported for the first half of last year after minority interests.
For all 1993, Pechiney International had made a profit, after minority interests, of 294 million francs.
The visit to the Amur region, the Tuva republic and the main Siberian city of Novosibirsk came less than one month after the Russian leader travelled to the Volga republic of Tatarstan to meet with local leaders.
Dollar falls except against pound, gold rises  NEW YORK, June 14 (AFP)  The dollar weakened against other major currencies except against the pound sterling here early Tuesday after the publication of anticipated US inflation figures.
   Tuesday, June 14 (since 0300 GMT)     SEOUL: South Korean leaders sought to calm the population of Seoul, after  North Korea's announcement that it would pull out of the International Atomic  Energy Agency (IAEA) triggered panic stockpiling here.
Occhetto,  leader of the reformed communist Party of the Democratic Left (PDS), resigned  Monday after results of the European elections put his party well behind Prime  Minister Silvio Berlusconi's right-wing Forza Italia.
Northern and southern troops traded artillery fire around this key port city, after heavy shelling Monday which hospital officials in Aden say killed 10 people and wounded 57 more.
Rwandan ceasefire talks suspended over alleged abduction  NAIROBI, June 14 (AFP)  Ceasefire talks between Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) rebels and the government army at UN forces headquarters in Kigali were broken off Tuesday after the rebels alleged that government forces had abducted people from a refuge in the capital, the rebel radio Muhabura reported.
In a broadcast monitored here by the BBC, the RPF radio said that talks between the RPF and government armies at the UN force headquarters in Kigali were broken off after the RPF had heard that government army and militia fighters had abducted 32 people from a refuge in Kigali.
The DPG postal workers' union demands guarantees on maintaining employment and on workers' status after privatization.
Arafat's top negotiator settles in Gaza after life in exile  RAFAH, Gaza Strip, June 14 (AFP)  Nabil Shaath, the chief Palestinian autonomy negotiator, entered the Gaza Strip on Tuesday after spending almost the whole of his life in exile, a correspondent reported.
Dow opens with 8.24-point gain  NEW YORK, June 14 (AFP)  Blue-chip stocks headed higher early Tuesday, boosted by a drop in long-term interest rates on the bond market after news of a steeper- than-expected slowdown in retail sales in May.
The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials was up 8.24 points at 3,791.36 shortly after the session opened on the New York Stock Exchange.
The stock market upturn was mainly in response to falling bond rates after the government announced a 0.2 percent decline in retail sales in May, surprising most experts who had predicted a scant 0.1 percent drop, said Hildegard Zagorski, an analyst at Prudential Securities.
A delegation from Japan's second largest opposition Social Democratic Party (SDP) returned to Tokyo Tuesday after a four-day visit to North Korea for similar talks.
The pact was signed after Idris obtained the green light from Finance Minister Anwar Ibrahim, the statement said.
Simpson, who works as a sports commentator and has appeared in TV commercials and films, returned from Chicago at the request of police after the bodies were discovered.
Non-durable goods sales edged up 0.1 percent after a 0.8 percent drop in April.
Automobile sales fell 1.9 percent after plunging 2.4 percent in April.
Clothing sales dropped 0.3 percent, after a 1.8 percent decline.
Sales at grocery stores rose one percent after dropping 0.7 percent.
Gasoline sales fell one percent after a 0.5 percent decline.
Dow tops 3,800 points  NEW YORK, June 14 (AFP)  Blue-chip stocks topped the 3,800-point mark Tuesday, boosted by a drop in long-term interest rates after the publication of figures indicating moderate inflation in the United States.
    June 14 (AFP) - The 1500 GMT news advisory:     SEOUL:          South Korean leaders seek to calm the population                     after North Korea's announcement that it was                     pulling out of the International Atomic Energy                     Agency triggered panic stockpiling, while                     Russia announces a joint initiative with                     Washington to resolve the crisis.
The Burundian army was also carrying out sweeps in the hills east of the capital Bujumbura where extremists groups of Hutus took refuge after being chased out of a neighborhood north of Bujumbura.
The German government maintained a diplomatic silence over the issue, with Chancellor Helmut Kohl sending a congratulatory telegram to his Italian counterpart after the elections.
Peace talks between the government of Niger and Tuareg rebels in that country resumed Tuesday in Paris after breaking off in February.
Ambulances raced to different parts of the city after the shells exploded, but there was no immediate casualty toll.
London stocks were encouraged in the afternoon by a rally on European and American bond markets after release of US inflation figures and a dip in US long-term interest rates.
Leading gainers included Euro Disney, up 35 pence to 398, regaining most of the ground lost on Monday after the announcement that its capital increase would be launched on June 20 at 10 French francs per share.
The Paris Bourse was hesitant all morning, but then enjoyed what traders called a "technical rally" in the afternoon after release of US price data for May.
Aluminium continues to soar, reaching 33-month high  LONDON, June 14 (AFP)  Aluminium continued to soar on Tuesday, lifting to a 33-month high as dealers said the metal was finally experiencing a turnaround after a long period of oversupply.
Graf, who left the Roland Garros centre-court shell-shocked after being blitzed 2-6, 2-6 by Pierce in the semi-finals at the French Open earlier this month, discovered on Tuesday that the 6ft, 19-year-old French player has again been drawn in her half of the women's singles draw.
Specialists had said earlier the new company would become the world's biggest independent oil exploration company, and the fourth-biggest British oil company, after British Petroleum (BP), Shell and Exxon, with interests in 26 countries.
(picture) (graphic) SKorea urges calm after Pyongyang IAEA pullout by Kate Webb  SEOUL, June 14 (AFP)  South Korea urged its people not to panic Tuesday after North Korea's announced withdrawal from the International Atomic Energy Agency triggered hectic stockpiling.
The city's jitters came a day after North Korea announced it was immediately quitting the United Nations' nuclear watchdog agency in retaliation for an IAEA imposition of mild sanctions against it last week.
The United States and Japan resumed preliminary trade talks June 1 after a Japanese initiative taken after Tsutomu Hata became prime minister.
Brazilian coach Jose Candido was fired last October during the final Asian group qualifying after a draw with arch political enemies Iraq.
Guy Forget, winner at Beckenham, but still searching for match fitness after his long injury lay-off, was beaten 6-4, 4-6, 6-7 (4/7) by Bernd Karbacher of Germany.
(picture) Peace talks break down, abducted church group feared killed by Annie Thomas  KIGALI, June 14 (AFP)  Truce talks between Rwandan rebels and the government broke down Tuesday after militiamen abducted and probably killed between 30 and 40 people, many of them children, who had been sheltering in a Kigali church, the UN said.
The news came hours after reports of a fresh massacre of Tutsi civilians in a refugee camp in neighbouring Burundi.
The fighting in Rwanda erupted April 6 after Hutu President Juvenal Habyarimana died when his plane crashed after a suspected rocket attack as it was landing in Kigali.
   Tour of Switzerland cycling results     YVERDON, Switzerland, June 14 (AFP) - Tour of Switzerland cycling results  after the first stage, a 6.5km prologue here on Tuesday:     1.
US can keep Super 301 trade law under WTO Yerxa WASHINGTON, June 14 (AFP) - The United States will still be able to take unilateral action against countries it considers guilty of unfair trade after the new World Trade Organisation takes effect, a senior US official said Tuesday.
He was appointed after two other candidates who also oppose longtime military ruler Mobutu Sese Seko dropped out and threw their support behind Wa Dondo.
The cars were given the green light after technical checks and begin practising on Wednesday.
But after two years anyone who can go to work must go to work."
FIFA have always insisted the referee has the final decision and disapproved in April when the German federation ordered a Bundesliga match to be replayed after video evidence revealed the referee had made a mistake.
(picture) Peace talks break down, abducted church group feared killed by Annie Thomas  KIGALI, June 14 (AFP)  Rwanda truce talks broke down Tuesday after Hutu militiamen abducted and probably killed between 30 and 40 people, many of them children, who had been sheltering in a Kigali church, the UN said.
The news came hours after reports of a fresh massacre of Tutsi civilians in a refugee camp in neighbouring Burundi.
Burundi has the same ethnic mix as Rwanda, which was plunged into an inter-ethnic bloodbath that has claimed up to 500,000 lives after the April 6 death of Hutu President Juvenal Habyarimana in a plane crash caused by a suspected rocket attack.
Chris Simpson, a British national, was arrested Sunday after entering a prison inside a police station to interview three South Africans jailed there on drug offences.
Standoff continues at two diplomatic compounds in Cuba  HAVANA, June 14 (AFP)  Police sealed off many streets in Havana's embassy district Tuesday after a group of Cuban asylum-seekers crashed into a diplomatic compound for the second time in three weeks.
Security was tightened in the Miramar neighborhood, where most embassies are located, a day after 21 Cubans crashed through the gates of the German embassy and refused to leave.
They will spend four to five days in Iraq, the spokesman said at the Manama headquarters of the UN special commission in charge of disarming Iraq under UN resolutions adopted after the 1991 Gulf War.
Edberg, 28 and bidding for a third Wimbledon crown after his 1988 and 1990 triumphs, opens his twelfth visit with a match against a qualifier.
Tapie, parliament hold fire over immunity probe  PARIS, June 14 (AFP)  Maverick deputy Bernard Tapie pledged Tuesday to fight calls for his parliamentary immunity to be lifted over alleged tax evasion, after deputies voted to consider the requests on June 29.
Self-made businessman Tapie said Tuesday -- three days after being elected to the European Parliament at the head of his center-left Movement of the Radical Left -- that he was "determined to fight" the calls.
Tapie added that he would decide within two or three days which elected post to drop after consultations within the party.
In March he was indicted in connection with alleged fraud in OM's accounts, after then Justice Minister Michel Vauzelle in 1992 ordered an investigation into nine French football clubs, including OM.
He was appointed after two other candidates who also oppose longtime military ruler Mobutu dropped out and threw their support behind Wa Dondo.
Speaking after his election, he called for Zaire's political class to back "reconciliation and concord."
Tuesday's election came after self-declared prime minister Etienne Tshisekedi boycotted the vote.
It was Hannigan who decided against issuing Palmer special exemptions to the Open a decade ago, after Palmer had gotten them in 1978, 1980, 1981 and 1983.
Guilty Spurs barred, fined and penalised  LONDON, June 14 (AFP)  English Premiership giants Tottenham Hotspur were barred from playing in the FA Cup next season and had a massive 12 points deducted for the start of the league season after a Football Association commission found the north London club guilty of more than 40 charges of financial irregularities.
The bus ploughed off a motorway near the town of Lorsch after its driver failed to avoid the logs.
Stemp, fielding at backward point, is alleged to have sworn after Mark Lathwell was given 'not out.' He seems certain to be reported to the Test and County Cricket Board (TCCB) and could be fined or even suspended if found guilty.
No shirt, no pants, no service at McDonald's  THUNDER BAY, Canada, June 14 (AFP)  A man wearing shoes and nothing else was arrested after attempting to purchase a hamburger at a local McDonald's restaurant, police said Tuesday.
    June 14 (AFP) - The 2100 GMT news advisory:     SEOUL:          South Korean leaders seek to calm the population                     after North Korea's announcement that it was                     pulling out of the International Atomic Energy                     Agency triggered panic stockpiling.
Ceasefire talks collapsed earlier in the day in the capital city Kigali after Hutu militiamen abducted and probably killed between 30 and 40 people, many of them children, who had been sheltering in a church, the United Nations said.
Ceasefire talks collapsed earlier in the day in Kigali after Hutu militiamen abducted and probably killed between 30 and 40 people, many of them children, who had been sheltering in a church, the United Nations said.
The news came hours after reports of a massacre of Tutsi civilians in a refugee camp in neighbouring Burundi.
Burundi has the same ethnic mix as Rwanda, which was plunged into an ethnic bloodbath that has claimed up to 500,000 lives after the April 6 death of Hutu President Juvenal Habyarimana in a plane crash caused by a suspected rocket attack.
A joint statement issued after talks between his delegation and the mainly Moslem Bosnian government said they had agreed to step up cooperation in trade, communications and "defence against the common aggressor."
The national team of Zambia, rebuilt after a plane crash killed nearly the whole squad, was also nominated for their spirit and determination in the wake of the devastating crash.
(AFP) Clean slate after first round FIFA have reconfirmed their decision that single yellow cards received in the first round of the World Cup will be erased in later stages of the competition.
Japanese imperial couple go to school after White House gala by Allan Kelly  WASHINGTON, June 14 (AFP)  Japanese Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko went local Tuesday visiting a Japanese-speaking Washington area school after the glitz of the White House State Dinner hosted by President Bill Clinton.
"I was very much impressed," Emperor Akihito, 60, said at Great Falls Elementary School after hearing American youngsters speaking basic Japanese they learned as part of a new foreign languages immersion program.
The tour ends on June 26 after a controversial closing visit to the National War Cemetery overlooking Pearl Harbor where Japanese warplanes sunk a large part of the US Pacific fleet in 1941 and catapulted the United States into World War II.
Gaviria, who will be the next OAS chief after stepping down as Colombian president, supported Cuba's membership in the OAS but said it should depend on democratic elections taking place in Cuba.
"The coach is not in good condition," Bell said after a training session here.
Shortly after the murders, which police believe took place around 11:00 p.m. (0600 GMT Monday), Simpson boarded a plane for Chicago.
He checked into a hotel where he had made reservations at least three days earlier but then returned to Los Angeles after just two hours at the request of the authorities.
Simpson, 47, was released after three hours of questioning and returned to his 1.2 million dollar southern California home, about three kilometers (two miles) from the scene of the crime.
Ceasefire talks collapsed earlier in the day in the Rwandan capital Kigali after Hutu militiamen abducted and probably killed between 30 and 40 people -- many of them children -- who had been sheltering in a church, the United Nations said.
Nigerian star slams lack of US enthusiasm for World Cup by Erskine McCullough  DALLAS, Texas, June 14 (AFP)  Norwich striker Efan Ekoku, lashed out at the lack of American enthusiasm for the World Cup after he and his Nigerian teammates finally arrived here Tuesday -- a day late.
Ekoku's outburst came after he and the rest of the travel-weary Nigerian team held their first lackluster workout after their planned arrival became bogged down in red tape.
Instead of arriving in Dallas early Monday evening, they arrived at 9:00 Tuesday morning after a visa mix-up in Nigeria.
"This first workout was only to stretch their legs after the trip," he added.
The United States is pushing for UN sanctions after North Korea announced that it would quit the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and would not allow any further inspection of nuclear facilities suspected of producing material for atomic weapons.
China Northwest grounds Tupolevs after crash  BEIJING, June 15 (AFP)  China Northwest Airlines has grounded its fleet of Soviet-made Tupolev planes for safety checks after 16O people died in last week's crash of a TU-154, an airline spokesman said Wednesday.
The spokesman said by telephone from Xian that "ordinary" safety checks on eight of the airline's nine Tupolevs had begun after the June 7 crash that killed 160 people, and one had been sent to Russia for a fundamental overhaul.
The investigation into the cause of last week's crash, which occurred minutes after the plane had taken off from Xian airport, is still continuing, another spokesman said.
Minutes after take-off the crew reported that the plane began swaying uncontrollably, China Northwest manager Gao Junyue was quoted as saying last week.
The plane had been repaired three days earlier after suffering "malfunctions," Gao said.
The fatal voyage was its first formal flight after repairs.
This is a World Cup after all."
The ministerial meeting was scheduled to open shortly after 10 A.M. (0800 GMT), but participants were not expected to tackle thie real business until later in the day, following an official mid-day reception.
In Angola, little demining has apparently been accomplished, as the country quickly plunged back into civil war after the 1991 Bicesse ceasefire agreement and 1992 UN-supervised general elections.
Widow of slain Scottish tourist settles suit  HOUSTON, Texas, June 15 (AFP)  The widow of a Scottish tourist who was shot dead one night in January after knocking on doors to ask his way around Houston, Texas, has settled her lawsuit for an undisclosed sum.
Allison De Vries filed a multi-million-dollar, wrongful death suit in February after a grand jury refused to indict her husband's killer.
Guangdong took the full brunt of the storm, with 58 people dying, 684 injured and 16 still missing Tuesday after winds of up to 100 kilometres (62 miles) an hour lashed the province June 7 and 8 causing some six billion yuan (690 million dollars) of damage, according to latest reports.
One Siamese twin dies after separation  PRETORIA, June 15 (AFP)  One Siamese twin died early Wednesday after a marathon operation to separate the two girls, who were joined at the back of the head, a spokesman for the Garankuwa hositpal near here said.
Nthabiseng Makwaeba died in the intensive care unit after the successful 12-hour separation operation, but her sister, Mahletse, was doing well, the spokesman said.
Mponyana died two years after the operation.
Less than two weeks after the abduction Israeli warplanes killed 32 Hezbollah trainees on a raid which devastated a training base in the Bekaa near the Syrian border.
Sir Anthony Buck gets custody of the King Charles spaniels  LONDON, June 15 (AFP)  Former Tory minister Sir Anthony Buck, who gave custody of his beloved King Charles spaniels to the Spanish-born Bienvenida Perez-Blanco after their divorce last year, welcomed them back home Tuesday.
The return of Pebbles and Coco was the latest chapter in the colourful saga of Sir Antony, 65, and Bienvenida, 37, which hit the headlines earlier this year after Bienvenida sold the story of her affair with the then Chief of Defence Staff Peter Harding, who promptly resigned.
At the time of the divorce, after her affair with Harding, the Bucks decided it would be more convenient for Bienvenida to keep the dogs "until things settled down".
Some people in the southeastern part of the city said the ground shook after the explosion.
The April reserves, the second highest after Japan, were short of the record high of 89.5 billion dollars posted in September 1992, the CBC said.
Less than two weeks after the abduction Israeli warplanes killed 32 Hezbollah trainees on a raid which devastated a training base in the Bekaa near the Syrian border.
The institute questioned 513 people for the sixth poll in the series which came shrotly after PLO leader Yasser Arafat called for a holy war or jihad to liberate Jerusalem.
Unidentified police sources quoted in Wednesday's Los Angeles Times said that an arrest could be made in the next few days after investigators compare the blood types from the stains with those of the two murder victims.
Shortly after the murders, which police believe took place around 11:00 p.m. (0600 GMT Monday), Simpson boarded a plane for Chicago.
He checked into a hotel where he had made reservations at least three days earlier but then returned to Los Angeles after just two hours at the request of the authorities.
It was used by Simpson after he broke a glass and cut himself on learning of his wife's murder, Weitzman added.
Vietnam sold 1.8 million tonnes of rice in 1993, down 10 percent on the record exports of a year earlier, but still placing the country third in the list of world exporters after the United States and Thailand.
Riot police quell troubles after Canucks lose Stanley Cup  VANCOUVER, June 15 (AFP)  Riot police stormed into crowds of angry ice hockey fans late Tuesday as thousands swarmed into the streets following the defeat of the Vancouver Canucks by the New York Rangers in the Stanley Cup final.
But most shopkeepers, on the lookout for trouble following riots last year in Montreal after the Canadiens beat the Los Angeles Kings to win the Stanley Cup, had boarded their windows and removed anything of value from the storefronts.
Police had earlier reported the city centre largely quiet with most of the fans dispersing peacefully after the Canucks' 3-2 loss to the Rangers in New York.
Some three hours earlier, police reported it was largely quiet in the downtown area with most of the fans dispersing peacefully after the Canuck's 3-2 loss against the Rangers in New York.
Tokyo shares fall  TOKYO, June 15 (AFP)  Share prices closed on a weak note after a firm start here on Wednesday as a late wave of futures-linked selling offset early gains in directionless trading.
Convicted murderer executed, television rights denied  RALEIGH, North Carolina, June 15 (AFP)  A convicted murderer was executed in North Carolina's gas chamber early Wednesday, hours after the Supreme Court rejected a last minute appeal and a request to televise the execution.
Lawson, 38, was sentenced to death for shooting a pleading man in the back of the head after breaking into his home in 1980 in a robbery.
Banda moves out of controversial palace  BLANTYRE, June 15 (AFP)  Malawi's former "president-for-life," Hastings Kamuzu Banda, was to move out of his controversial Sanjika palace Wednesday, a month after losing office in the country's first multi-party elections.
President Kim Young-Sam on Wednesday urged the nation to remain calm after instructing cabinet members to provide daily press briefings on the nation's security situation to alleviate the growing public unease, Kim's office said.
The deal came five days after MHS had announced a plan by its controlling shareholder, Tajudin Ramli, to buy a strategic 32 percent stake in MAS for 1.792 billion ringgit (717 million US).
Majority leader George Mitchell said more comprehensive hearings would be held after Fiske completes his investigation into the land deal.
Dahiri listed seven former BCCI executives, mostly Pakistanis, whom he said were released last year but barred from leaving the UAE after they found no evidence against them in charges involving fraud and other offences.
Cable News Network (CNN), accompanying the Carters, said they reached Pyongyang after a two-hour ride in a 16-car motorcade from Panmunjom.
Sydney Olympics chief may have to be twin  SYDNEY, June 15 (AFP)  Planners of the Sydney 2000 Olympics may look for two people to fill the chief executive job after the latest setback in their eight-month hunt for one high-calibre supremo.
Members of the Sydney Organising Committee of the Olympic Games (SOCOG) believe they may have to employ one chief executive up to the Atlanta Olympiad in 1996 and a second for the period up to and after the Games here.
The twin jobs were first suggested in an aside by SOCOG president Gary Pemberton after he revealed on Tuesday that the preferred candidate for chief executive had withdrawn.
Born in Paris the son of an Algerian bricklayer and French mother, Mouloudji, 71, became a well-known figure in Paris' Saint-Germain-des- Pres district after World War II and will be remembered for such hits as "Comme un Petit Coquelicot" (1953), "Deserteur" (1956), and "Ceux qui S'aiment."
US said to back grace period, limited sanctions on North Korea  WASHINGTON, June 15 (AFP)  The United States plans to propose a mild package of UN sanctions against North Korea, to be imposed only after a grace period, as punishment for refusing to allow inspections of its nuclear program, The Washington Post said Wednesday.
Norway EU membership referendum on November 28  OSLO, June 15 (AFP)  Norway will hold its referendum on whether to join the 12-nation European Union on November 28, 22 years after its first application for membership was rejected by its citizens.
Israel and Vatican open full diplomatic ties by Barry Parker  JERUSALEM, June 15 (AFP)  Israel and the Vatican established full diplomatic relations at ambassador level on Wednesday, after years of negotiations and centuries of deep mistrust between Jews and Christians.
Top issues at next week's round are likely to include financing arrangements for Hong Kong's 20.3 billion US dollar new airport and related public works, and construction of a Chinese naval base in Hong Kong for use after 1997.
Dollar is stable after Bundesbank repo cut  LONDON, June 15 (AFP)  The dollar remained stable against the main European currencies on Wednesday after the Bundesbank had cut its repurchasing floor rate from 5.10 percent to 5.05 percent as had been expected.
Sterling rose slightly after a batch of statistics showing that the number of people unemployed had fallen by 20,800 in May to 9.4 percent of the workforce, while inflation was steady at 2.6 percent, and average earnings were up a monthly 3.75 percent.
Chinese has replaced Italian as the most common language spoken after English, it says.
Masatoshi Miyama was the first to give evidence to parliament on the affairs of Hosokawa, who resigned on April 8 after allegations of irregularities surfaced.
Fears of election violence grow in Zimbabwe  HARARE, June 15 (AFP)  Fears of violence ahead of Zimbabwe's elections next year grew Wednesday after an opposition politician urged his supporters to keep axes and spears in their homes to protect themselves from attack by members of President Robert Mugabe's ruling party.
Widespread apathy after more than 14 years of rule by the Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front (ZANU-PF) rule has forced the government to extend the deadline for registration.
The fighting between the two sides erupted last weekend after Chechen authorities gave orders to "physically eliminate" opposition leader Ruslan Labazanov, opposition leaders told Interfax.
Rwanda plunged into this ethnic bloodbath after the April 6 death of Habyarimana in a plane crash caused by a suspected rocket attack.
                    UAE-BCCI,lead                     600 words around 1100 GMT                     by Nadim Kawash     JERUSALEM:      Israel and the Vatican establish full                     diplomatic relations at ambassador                     level after years of negotiations and                     centuries of deep mistrust between Jews                     and Christians.
North Korean defence chief rules out any more nuclear inspections  TOKYO, June 15 (AFP)  North Korea's defence minister has reiterated his country's refusal to allow further inspections of its nuclear facilities, after it quit the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), Pyongyang Radio said Wednesday.
On Monday, the hardline communist state announced its immediate withdrawal from the IAEA after the UN nuclear watchdog body suspended technical aid to Pyongyang because of its refusal of full inspections of its nuclear facilities.
The government, which was set up in April 1991 after general elections, includes in addition to the Centre Party (former Agrarian Party), the Conservatives, the Christian Party and the Swedish Party, which represents the Swedish-speaking minority in Finland.
British Gas fell sharply, down by 12 pence to 276.5 after the company warned it would be hard to justify an incrase in its 1994 dividend payment in the wake of a report by industry regulator Ofgas on transportation assets.
The transport group NFC shed 21 pence to 197.5 after half-year results at the bottom end of forecasts, which prompted market makers to markdown the stock sharply, dealers said.
The pharmaceuticals group Glaxo rose by eight pence to 571 after it announced the retirement of Chairman Paul Girolami in November.
Thames Water fell by 7.5 pence to 473 after full year results, while London Electricity gained two pence to 589 after figures.
Al-Attiyah stressed that the average price so far this year was 3.50 dollars below the level a year earlier, and foresaw a further slight decline in OPEC oil revenues this year after an 8.0 per cent drop in 1993.
On Monday, North Korea announced its immediate withdrawal from the IAEA after the UN nuclear watchdog body suspended technical aid to Pyongyang because of its refusal of full inspections of its nuclear facilities.
UAE vows to track down more BCCI officials by Nadim Kawash  ABU DHABI, June 15 (AFP)  The United Arab Emirates (UAE) vowed Wednesday to to track down more wrongdoers in the BCCI scandal, a day after a court here sentenced a dozen former bank executives to jail.
Dahiri told reporters they were investigating cases against seven other former BCCI executives, mostly Pakistanis, whom he said were released last year but barred from leaving the UAE after they found no evidence against them in charges involving fraud and other offences.
"There is an agreement with the US Justice Department to return Naqvi to serve his jail term after they finish with him there," he said.
The verdict against the 12 BCCI men on Tuesday came after seven months of hearings of the biggest financial scandal in modern history.
One former executive, Iqbal Ahmed Rizvi, who has been freed on bail for health reasons, was released after he was found not guilty.
The crackdown came after an investigation of several months during which authorities were assisted by Mafia turncoats who provided details on organized crime operations in northern Italy.
"As many as 50,000 foreign cars could have been sold a year on this market if foreign firms were given easier access," Andrew Card, head of the American Automobile Manufacturers Association (AAMA), told reporters after talks Wednesday with South Korean Trade Minister Kim Chul-Soo.
"They want us to take off our shirts, our coats, and now our trousers -- and after that, we will be nude, absolutely naked."
North Korea announced this week it was pulling out of the International Atomic Energy Agency after resisting attempts by the UN agency to determine if it had diverted fuel from an experimental nuclear reactor to make weapons.
Algeria plunged into an undeclared civil war after the military-backed government in January 1992 cancelled the second round of a general election that the fundamentalist FIS was poised to win.
Spurs' shares come back from a goal down  LONDON, June 15 (AFP)  Tottenham Hotspur's share price showed the sort of fighting spirit on Wednesday which the players will need next season after being hammered by the Football Association.
"We have no contacts with the murdered man's family but Israel could send in agents after us," he said.
Fighting rages as UN envoy starts second week in search for truce by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, Yemen, June 15 (AFP)  Rival forces battled around the southern stronghold of Aden on Wednesday after overnight shelling killed three civilians here.
Settlers rampaged through the Gaza Strip town of Deir el-Balah two years ago, torching greenhouses, crops and goods over a period of a week after a Palestinian murdered a rabbi in the nearby settlement of Kfar Darom.
Defence minister from 1985 to 1991, Bali left the government after a public row with Babangida.
Cab Calloway suffers massive stroke: report  NEW YORK, June 15 (AFP)  Cab Calloway, the big band singer whose hit "Minnie the Moocher" made him famous in the 1930s, is hospitalized in intensive care after suffering a massive stroke, the Daily News reported Wednesday.
Locsin said there was a "great possibility" the 8,000-member union would continue with planned strike action but a final decision would be taken after the PALEA board meets later in the evening.
"There could be a big story after the meeting," she said.
The union, representing mechanics, ticket representatives, caterers and cargo handlers, had planned to go on strike last week but the move was averted after both sides agreed to further talks on demands for higher pay.
Malaysia's Idris gets good rating after Nova Scotia merger plan  KUALA LUMPUR, June 15 (AFP)  The proposed bid by politically-connected Idris Hydraulic (Malaysia) Bhd.
It was still the most actively traded counter on the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange Wednesday for the fourth straight trading day, with 29.3 million shares changing hands, after being actively traded over the past three-to-four months, brokers said.
It rose five sen to 5.20 ringgit, after surging 25 sen a day earlier following its announcement of a plan to initially acquire a 51 percent stake in the Canadian bank that involved merging its finance company unit, Kewangan Usahsa Bersatu Bhd (KUBB), with the bank's operations in Malaysia.
But the scope and mood of Wednesday's operation reflected deepening anxiety after North Korea announced it was withdrawing from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), veiling a suspected nuclear bomb factory from the world's eyes.
South Korea President Kim Young-Sam sought to calm nervous businessmen, but the Seoul stock index fell back for the second straight day, retreating 12.80 points to close at 890.92, after a decline of 19.52 on Tuesday.
In Kwangju, some 30 students and police were injured in clashes after riot police stopped a street march by 800 students shouting anti-US slogans, Yonhap said.
Last October, Iran and Iraq resumed talks, broken after the Gulf war, to normalise ties, five years after the end of 1980-1988 war.
Nearly four months after her death the enquiry has still not pinpointed those responsible for organising Piat's assassination, although police have questioned dozens of local politicians, businessmen and suspected crime figures.
Russia and NATO sketched out last Friday the form their post-Cold War security relationship would take after months of maneuvering and confusion.
Wang, 24, was freed in 1993 after spending four years in prison.
Last year, after a bad-tempered debate, the EU persuaded heavily- subsidised state-owned steelworks in Germany, Spain, Italy and Portugal to cut production of hot-rolled steel output by 5.5 million tonnes a year.
British Gas warns of lower growth after Ofgas report by Heather Prentice  LONDON, June 15 (AFP)  British Gas on Wednesday effectively ruled out an increase in dividend next year after the gas industry regulator Ofgas proposed new controls on transportation and storage charges from October 1.
Chris Simpson, a British national, was arrested Sunday after entering a prison inside a police station to interview three South Africans jailed there on drug offences.
"The reality is that the RPF (rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front) and the Rwandan government have prepared for war and not peace and will have to bear their responsibility in history for the genocide they are inflicting on their own people," Jacques-Roger Booh-Booh said after resigning his post.
The UN force was drastically reduced to just 450 men after Belgian peacekeepers were slaughtered in April.
Livingstone pulls out of Labour leadership race  LONDON, June 15 (AFP)  Ken Livingstone withdrew from the British Labour Party leadership race Wednesday, three days after entering it, saying he could not get the nominations from 34 fellow Labour MPs he needed to stand.
Beckett took over as temporary leader after John Smith died of a heart attack last month at 55.
Guns fall silent in Kigali after ceasefire announcement  NAIROBI, June 15 (AFP)  The guns fell silent Wednesday in Rwanda's capital Kigali after rebels and the government agreed to a ceasefire, a United Nations spokesman said.
Chuan's government took power after elections in September 1992.
It was amended after bloody street protests in May 1992, but not all provisions considered undemocratic were axed.
Chuan insists Thailand's charter can only be amended and not replaced, but he is on the defensive as the latest rally comes only six days after a similar demonstration by 10,000 people.
Guns fall silent in Kigali after ceasefire announcement  NAIROBI, June 15 (AFP)  The guns fell silent Wednesday in Rwanda's capital Kigali after rebels and the government agreed to a ceasefire, a United Nations spokesman said.
The drill reflected deepening  anxiety after North Korea confirmed it was withdrawing from the International  Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), veiling a suspected nuclear bomb factory from the  world's eyes.
(AFP)     KIGALI: Guns fell silent here mid-afternoon after rebels and the  government agreed to a ceasefire, a United Nations spokesman said here.
 Meanwhile the UN mission said 60 rather than -- as earlier reported -- 40  adolescents were feared massacred after being abducted from the Sainte Famille  complex in government-held Kigali.
(AFP)     ADEN, Yemen: Rival forces battled around the southern stronghold of Aden  after overnight shelling killed three civilians here.
(AFP)     ABU DHABI: The United Arab Emirates (UAE) vowed to track down more  wrongdoers in the BCCI scandal, a day after a court here sentenced a dozen  former bank executives to jail.
(AFP)     JERUSALEM: Israel and the Vatican established full diplomatic relations at  ambassador level after years of negotiations and centuries of deep mistrust  between Jews and Christians.
During the 10-month period, the statement said, US military aircraft conducted take-offs and landings in excess of the number prescribed in an agreement between Kenya and US, for which the US armed forces agreed on a compensation after negotiations with the Kenyan government.
His visit comes after President Boris Yeltsin launched a new national crime-fighting program to curb the growing influence of organised crime in post-Soviet Russia.
Guns fall silent in Kigali after ceasefire announcement by Annie Thomas  NAIROBI, June 15 (AFP)  The guns fell silent Wednesday after a morning of artillery fire in Rwanda's capital Kigali after rebels and the government agreed to a ceasefire, a UN spokesman said.
The UN Assistance Mission in Rwanda (UMAMIR) expressed fears Wednesday that 60 adolescents were massacred on Tuesday after being kidnapped from church premises in central Kigali where they had taken refuge.
The latest suspected massacre came after more than two weeks of UN- mediated ceasefire talks here between the RPF and the Rwandan army.
Rwanda plunged into its ethnic bloodbath after the April 6 death of Habyarimana in a plane crash caused by a suspected rocket attack.
The rebels of the main armed opposition group, the People's Mujahedeen, ambushed the guards at the Halaleh post in the western Ilam province after they crossed the border from Iraq, it said without giving a date.
Acting prime minister Efim Zviagelski was appointed after Leonid Kuchma resigned in September 1993.
At the time it was agreed that a new prime minister would be designated after the March 27 legislative elections.
Jean Peyrelevade reappointed Credit Lyonnais chairman  PARIS, June 15 (AFP)  The French cabinet on Wednesday reappointed Jean Peyrelevade as chairman of the Board of Directors of Credit Lyonnais bank, the cabinet announced after a meeting.
"My first task will be to lift the morale of the players, but after that I am sure that they will be as determined as I am to work even harder and overcome this incredible handicap."
The team's share price showed the sort of fighting spirit which the players will need next season after being hit by the FA.
The draft resolution is "phased and close to Japan's idea as a whole," Kakizawa was quoted as telling Japanese reporters after a meeting with Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata and other senior government officials.
The kidnappers released 20 more Christian hostages, mostly public school teachers, on Monday after being paid 200,000 pesos (7,500 dollars).
UN closes chemical weapons destruction complex in Iraq  MANAMA, June 15 (AFP)  The United Nations has closed its complex for destroying chemical weapons in Al-Muthanna in Iraq two years after it was opened in the aftermath of the Gulf war, a UN spokesman said here Wednesday.
The centre at Al-Muthanna, 130 kilometers (80 miles) northeast of Baghdad, was set up in September 1992, in line with UN Security Council Resolution 687 ordering Iraq to destroy its weapons of mass destruction after the 1991 Gulf war.
Dow barely unchanged at opening  NEW YORK, June 15 (AFP)  Blue-chip stocks barely changed early Wednesday as profit taking after Tuesday's gains was balanced by a rollback in long-term bond rates following a slight increase of 0.2 percent for May US industrial production figures.
The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials was up 0.63 point at 3,815.46 just after the session opened on the New York Stock Exchange.
                    Russia-NKorea,2ndlead                     500 words around 1530 GMT                     by Christopher Boian     NAIROBI:        The guns fall silent in Rwanda's capital after                     rebels and the government agree to a ceasefire.
                    Europe-corruption                     600 words around 1630 GMT                     by Denis Rousseau     ADEN, Yemen:    Northern forces inch through southern                     defences towards the key port of Aden                     amid fierce fighting, after three                     civilians are killed in shelling overnight.
                    US-Simpson                     600 words around 1800 GMT     VANCOUVER:      Canadians are shocked by the overnight riots                     that turned the normally tranquil streets of                     downtown Vancouver into a virtual battle-zone                     after the city's ice hockey team lost a                     championship match in New York.
One useful tip from the headache federation: Migraines typically occur not during stress but after it.
He added however that peace talks could be restarted, but only after clean and fair August 21 presidential elections are held to replace President Carlos Salinas de Gortari.
The CGT said that after 24 hours, UNIM said no.
Two police officers died in a car accident shortly after they arrived on the Gaza Strip on May 18.
OAU Secretary General Salim Ahmed Salim announced a ceasefire agreement for Rwanda which was approved by heads of state on Wednesday after being reached at a regional mini-summit held here on Tuesday.
This accord, signed by the Kigali government and the RPF last August and providing for power-sharing, was left in tatters when Rwanda plunged into ethnic and political slaughter after the death of president Juvenal Habyarimana in a suspected rocket attack on his plane on April 6.
The capture of Gitarama puts all-out victory within the rebels' grasp after a two-month offensive, analysts said.
Gitarama was the seat of a rump government proclaimed after the April 6 death of president Juvenal Habyarimana in a suspected rocket attack on his plane.
The guns fell silent in Kigali on Wednesday after a ceasefire announcement, but Mehu could not confirm whether the truce was holding.
Banda booed as he moves out of palace  BLANTYRE, June 15 (AFP)  Former autocratic ruler Hastings Kamuzu Banda was booed as he drove through the town of Blantyre to a modest new residence Wednesday after moving out of his luxurious Sanjika Palace.
Blue chips head lower amid signs of slowing economic growth  NEW YORK, June 15 (AFP)  Blue-chip stocks fell slightly Wednesday after the government reported signs of slowing US economic growth.
On the bond market, interest rates on the bellwether 30-year Treasury bond averaged 7.30 percent, returning to Tuesday's closing mark after falling briefly to 7.28 percent.
Guns fall silent in Kigali after ceasefire announcement by Annie Thomas  KIGALI, June 15 (AFP)  The guns fell silent in Rwanda's capital Kigali on Wednesday after rebels and the government agreed to a ceasefire, a United Nations spokesman said.
The UN Assistance Mission in Rwanda expressed fears Wednesday that 60 adolescents had been massacred after being kidnapped on Tuesday, presumably by extremist Hutu militiamen, from a Kigali church where some 3,000 civilians are sheltering from the fighting.
The capture of Gitarama puts all-out victory within the rebels' grasp after a two-month offensive, analysts said.
Gitarama was the seat of an interim government proclaimed after the April 6 death of president Juvenal Habyarimana in a suspected rocket attack on his plane.
"The reality is that the RPF and the Rwandan government have prepared for war and not peace and will have to bear their responsibility in history for the genocide they are inflicting on their own people," Jacques-Roger Booh-Booh said after resigning his post.
The UN withdrew all but 470 of its 2,500 peacekeepers from Rwanda after bloodletting engulfed the small central African country and 10 Belgian soldiers were killed.
Shortly after the murders, which police believe took place around 11:00 p.m. (0600 GMT Monday), Simpson left Los Angeles Sunday on an 11:45 p.m. flight for Chicago, Weitzman said.
He checked into a hotel where he had made reservations at least three days earlier but then returned to Los Angeles after just two hours at the request of the authorities.
Therapist Susan Forward said in an interview that Simpson beat his wife during thier seven-year marriage and stalked her after the divorce.
Killing of Kashmiri separatist ignites protests  SRINAGAR, India, June 15 (AFP)  Protests flared in strife-torn Kashmir on Wednesday after Indian security forces killed a top Moslem guerrilla.
Indian authorities said he was killed in a gun battle with border guards Wednesday on the outskirts of Srinagar, but his organisation alleged he was shot in cold blood after surrendering.
The Jehad Force said in a statement here that Ahmed Shah and his bodyguard gave themselves up after exhausting their ammunition in the gun battle.
The 31-year-old Derbyshire player, the only genuine out-and-out quickie in the England set-up, was jettisoned from England's 13 after a final practice run-out.
(new series) (picture) Hundreds hurt in Vancouver hockey riots  VANCOUVER, June 15 (AFP)  Some 200 people were injured and dozens were arrested as hockey fans rampaged through normally peaceful Vancouver after the city's team lost the Stanley Cup championship final, police said Wednesday.
Riot police fired tear gas into the crowd, mainly teenagers, who had begun shattering shop windows and looting after the match ended in New York with a 3-2 victory for the Rangers.
Retail inventories increased 0.1 percent in April after remaining unchanged in March.
Wholesale inventories increased 0.4 percent in April after declining 0.5 percent in March.
The rebels of the main armed opposition group, the People's Mujahedeen, ambushed the guards at the Halaleh post in the western Ilam province after they crossed the border from Iraq, it said without giving a date.
Kozyrev's comments came after a meeting here with his Vietnamese counterpart Nguyen Manh Cam.
Call for tougher penalties in economic crime after BCCI  ABU DHABI, June 15 (AFP)  The United Arab Emirates (UAE) attorney general urged authorities to enforce tougher penalties for economic crimes on Wednesday after the collapse of the Abu Dhabi-controlled Bank of Credit and Commerce International.
Mohammed al-Dahiri made the call a day after an Abu Dhabi criminal court sentenced 12 former BCCI executives to between three and 14 years in jail and ordered them to pay 8.7 billion dollars in damages.
Dahiri's comments followed reports the UAE was planning to enforce laws against money laundering after some banks in the region were believed to have been involved in such illegal activity.
The mark remained after the expected reduction of the Bundesbank's repo rate from 5.1 to 5.05 percent, trading in late afternon at 3.4130 French francs against 3.4125 Tuesday evening, 974.50 lire against 972.35, and 82.32 pesetas against 82.25.
Brahimi arrived on a Qatari plane, after visiting Qatar and Jordan.
Doing the damage there has been former national civil guard chief Luis Roldan, who absconded in late May after failing to appear in court to answer charges of corruption and illegal stockmarket speculation while in the post from 1986 and 1993.
In April, property tycoon Juergen Schneider fled Germany with debts estimated at five and a half billion dollars after building up an empire of real estate across the country.
The city of 500,000 residents was cut off from water for more than a week after the north bombed the plant, and supplies are still sporadic, prompting medical aid workers to warn of the threat of a typhoid epidemic.
Southern warplanes mounted wave after wave of attacks on the western front at Kharaz where the north was trying to reinforce its positions, taking off regularly from Aden airport in defiance of northern attacks nearby.
In Amman Brahimi said after a meeting with Crown Prince Hassan bin Talal that the two sides had agreed to reactivate the commission.
Brahimi arrived in Sanaa Wednesday to hold another round of talks with Saleh after their initial meeting last Thursday.
Minutes after the rescue, the ledge was completely engulfed in flames, witnesses said.
The ministers adjourned shortly before 7 PM (1700 GMT) after a two- hour "closed session", and they will meet again Thursday at 10 AM (0800 GMT) to discuss the only remaining agenda point -- choice of a successor to Subroto, whose term expires in August.
Israel frees four Iraqis in Lebanon  TYRE, Lebanon, June 15 (AFP)  Israel on Wednesday expelled to Lebanon four Iraqis seized 10 months ago after they illegally crossed into Israel through the Jordan Valley, security officials said.
Beirut cut its diplomatic ties with Baghdad after the murder here two months ago of a Iraqi opposition leader.
Acting prime minister Efim Zviagelski was appointed after Leonid Kuchma resigned in September 1993.
At the time it was agreed that a new prime minister would be designated after the March 27 legislative elections.
CNN said they reached Pyongyang after a two-hour ride in a 16-car motorcade from Panmunjom.
"The truth is that after the abduction, the children were taken to a swamp.
"I first heard about it when they changed my route," said Pasadena bus driver Fred Delgado after dropping off passengers at the Rose Bowl stadium where eight matches, including the final, will be played.
Fears that price rises would force the government to lift interest rates eased after the announcement that inflation had been only 2.6 percent on an annual basis in May, while the average rate of annual wage increases in April was only 3.75 percent agianst four in March.
Barclays Bank gained 10 pence to end at 560 after reports that brokers Hoare Govett raised their forecasts of the bank's pretax profit for this year.
In a higher pharmaceutical sector, Glaxo gained 23 to end at 585, Wellcome 25 to 618, Zeneca 21 to 727, and SmithKline Beecham 13.5 to 419.5. But British Gas lost 17 to 271.5 after new rate recommendations by supervisory authority Ofgas.
He was to undergo a checkup here on Wednesday to see if his left ventrical problem, known as a "stiff heart", had really cleared up as he claimed it did after attending an evangelist meeting in Philadelphia.
Holyfield's heart problem was discovered after he lost his title to Michael Moorer in April.
Voter registration hits million mark  MAPUTO, June 15 (AFP)  Mozambique's nationwide campaign to register voters for the country's first multiparty elections was set to hit the million mark by closing time Wednesday, just two weeks after the campaign began.
The gathering of 22 heads of state and government from the region, Spain and Portugal ends Wednesday after two days of discussions that have been primarily ceremonial.
But Castro -- who uncharacteristically wore a short-sleeved guayabera shirt instead of military garb -- attacked the United States for its 32-year embargo against his communist nation and then turned on his fellow Latin American presidents, some of whom had pressed Castro to hold elections after 35 years in power.
Five lawyers arrested, 33 others refused bail  CAIRO, June 15 (AFP)  Egyptian security services have arrested five lawyers just hours after the prosecutor's office refused to release 33 others being held on public order charges, a human rights body said Wednesday.
Sugar made the shock announcement after the FA commission threw the club out of the FA Cup and handed out a 600,000 pound fine and a 12 point penalty next season as a punishment on Tuesday for making irregular payments to its stars.
"I went on record shortly after I was appointed saying that I had no problems with Mr Venables' footballing ability.
Sugar admitted he felt like quitting the club after the FA verdict.
The spokesman also denied a report suggesting that Washington had set a July 31 deadline after which military action would be taken to oust the Haitian regime.
The spokesman also denied a report suggesting that Washington had set a July 31 deadline after which military action would be taken to oust the Haitian regime.
It occurred two days after 21 Cubans crashed a truck through the gates of the German embassy and less than three weeks after the May 28 storming of the Belgian ambassador's residence by 124 Cubans.
Agreement came after three days of UN-sponsored talks in the Norwegian capital, where Guatemalan peace talks were first held in March 1990.
"It is already unacceptable and that could lead us to mobilize France's partners to intervene," he said after addressing the National Assembly's foreign affairs committee.
Minutes after the rescue, the ledge was completely engulfed in flames, witnesses said.
The crackdown came after an investigation lasting several months during which examining magistrates were assisted by Mafia turncoats who provided details on organized crime operations in northern Italy.
News of the crackdown came a day after northern mafia boss Felice Maniero managed to escape from Padua's high security prison, prompting a fierce row between the interior and justice ministers in premier Silvio Berlusconi's fledgling administration.
Labadie left a prison in the city of Toulon Wednesday evening after the judge's order was issued.
Nearly four months after her death the inquiry has still not pinpointed those responsible for organising Piat's killing, although police have questioned dozens of local politicians, businessmen and suspected crime figures.
US lifts embargo on computer sales to Brazil  WASHINGTON, June 15 (AFP)  The United States lifted an embargo on sales of sensitive high technology equipment to Brazil after Brasilia signed the Tlatelolco Treaty on nuclear non-proliferation, diplomats said Wednesday.
Graham Rhodes was fitted with a heart pacemaker made of the precious metal after his body rejected devices made of titanium six times in seven years.
Speaking after the operation to insert the 300-pound (450-dollar) device, he said: "I feel great: everyone is joking about me being the golden boy now."
He also argued that businesses' self-confidence was returning after "the long, deep, and bruising recession," saying "the ingredients and policies are in place for lasting success."
George said Britain had good prospects for four reasons: an improvement in the world economy; improved supply-side flexibility in Britain; reduced public sector borrowing requirement and Britain's monetary policy framework after leaving the European Exchange Rate Mechanism in September 1992.
"If we continue to let North Korea develop its nuclear arms potential, it risks destabilizing the whole of the Korean peninsula and the region," he said, after a meeting with the foreign affairs commission of the national assembly.
The city of 500,000 residents was cut off from water for more than a week after the north bombed the plant, and supplies are still sporadic, prompting medical aid workers to warn of the threat of typhoid.
Southern warplanes mounted wave after wave of attacks on the western front at Kharaz where the north was trying to reinforce its positions, taking off regularly from Aden airport in defiance of northern attacks nearby.
On the diplomatic front, UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi said he held constructive talks with Saleh after arriving late Wednesday in Sanaa.
                    US-Asia, 650 words                     by Sue Kendall     NAIROBI:        The guns fall silent in Rwanda's capital after                     rebels and the government agree to a ceasefire.
                    Europe-corruption                     600 words moved                     by Denis Rousseau     ADEN, Yemen:    Northern forces inch through southern                     defences towards the key port of Aden                     amid fierce fighting, after three                     civilians are killed in shelling overnight.
He checked into a hotel where he had made reservations at least three days earlier but then returned to Los Angeles after just two hours at the request of the authorities.
Press reports said he had gone to her house to return sunglasses after Nicole Simpson had called to say she had left them behind.
He also said there had been "new promising departures in American policy towards the region" in recent weeks, including a resumption of US-Japan trade talks after a more than three-month suspension.
Exxon shed 1-7/8 to 57 after the stock was downgraded by a rating firm.
North Korea has warned repeatedly that it would regard sanctions an act of war, but Washington went forward anyway after Pyongyang pulled out of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) this week.
"These sanctions will take effect after a relatively short period of time which is normal in a sanctions resolution.
(New series) (Picture) VANCOUVER, June 15 (AFP) - Shocked residents of this posh port city were still reeling Wednesday from a night of rioting by hockey fans who went on a rampage after the Vancouver Canucks lost the Stanley Cup.
She expressed outrage that the US government action against her group came just weeks after President Bill Clinton renewed China's most favored nation trading status, and after he moved to renew trade with Vietnam.
"This is a great breakthrough for me," he said after a 6-3, 6-4 success.
"These sanctions will take effect after a relatively short period of time which is normal in a sanctions resolution.
Surviving twin "winning battle against anorexia"  LONDON, June 16 (AFP)  A British twin, whose sister starved herself to death after they made a slimming pact, is winning her battle against anorexia at a Canadian clinic, the Daily Mirror said Thursday.
Dahlin will be partnered in attack by 24-year-old Tomas Brolin who at one point had threatened to boycott the team after what he claimed was press intrusion into his private life.
It came two days after 21 Cubans crashed a truck through the gates of the German embassy, and fewer than three weeks after the May 28 break- in to the Belgian ambassador's residence by 124 Cubans.
To the displeasure of the Roman Catholic Church, it wants to delay ratification of a concordat with the Vatican for about a year, until after the country has adopted a new constitution.
The regional importance of Yemen's oil-rich northern neighbour was underlined by the decision of UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi to visit Jeddah immediately after spending three days in Sanaa last week.
But the government accepted the resolution after it was backed by Western nations and adopted by the Security Council.
Saudi Arabia expelled 800,000 Yemeni workers and cut off 600 million dollars in annual financial support after accusing Sanaa of supporting Iraq.
In 1934 Saudi troops advanced to Hodeida on the Red Sea after the then Yemeni ruler, Imam Yahya, claimed the disputed Asir and Najran regions, which are now in Saudi Arabia.
The pressure on the team to deliver the World Cup lock, stock and barrel is an extra burden for coach Kim Ho, appointed after the teams' last World Cup failure in 1990.
Clemente's preparation has been hampered with the knowledge that goalkeeper Andoni Zubizarreta will be banned from the first match after being sent off in Spain's decisive World Cup qualifier against Denmark last November.
(OAKMONT) England's Nick Faldo rated Oakmont the toughest course he has ever seen after a practice round.
BCCI creditors await compensation after verdict by Nadim Kawash  ABU DHABI, June 16 (AFP)  Hundreds of thousands of creditors from the collapsed Bank of Credit and Commerce International hope the jailing of former executives will now lead the way towards settling a compensation deal.
Abu Dhabi, which owned 77 percent of BCCI, had offered 1.7 billion dollars in the first plan but increased it after it was rejected by the Luxembourg supreme court following an appeal by three creditors.
It came two days after 21 Cubans crashed a truck through the gates of the German embassy, and fewer than three weeks after the May 28 break- in to the Belgian ambassador's residence by 124 Cubans.
He was accused of having been taken over the leadership of the Armed Islamic Group (AIG) in September 1992 after the death of its first chief, Mohammad Allal, also known as Moh Leveilley.
Algeria plunged into an undeclared civil war after the military-backed government in January 1992 cancelled the second round of a general election that the fundamentalist Islamic Salvation Front was poised to win.
The royals arrived in New York after touring Thomas Jefferson's home, Monticello, near Charlottesville, Virginia and the graceful, tree- lined campus of the University of Virginia, which he designed.
But John MacGregor, transport secretary, said he made "the general government position" clear to Railtrack after June 9, the date of an internal Railtrack letter to managers disclosing a 5.7 percent offer.
The closing statement, which did not refer to Cuba by name, came a day after Cuban President Fidel Castro sharply criticised the US embargo and upbraided Latin American presidents for remaining silent.
But Castro -- who uncharacteristically wore a short-sleeved guayabera shirt instead of military garb -- attacked the United States for its 32-year embargo against his communist government, and then turned on his fellow Latin American presidents, some of whom pressed him to hold elections after 35 years in power.
Hodgson sees low seeding as advantageous for modest Swiss by Robert Smith  DETROIT, Michigan, June 15 (AFP)  Switzerland, back after missing six World Cup football finals, view their low seeding here as being in their favour for Saturday's opening match with the United States.
Despite having agreed to having their World Cup training session open to the public the Bulgarians suddenly changed their minds after over 100 people had turned up to watch them.
UN anti-apartheid committee closes shop  UNITED NATIONS, June 15 (AFP)  The United Nations' committee opposing apartheid closed its doors for the last time Wednesday, 31 years after its creation.
 "The truth is that after the abduction, the children were taken to a swamp.
OAU Secretary  General Salim Ahmed Salim announced a ceasefire agreement for Rwanda which was  approved by heads of state on Wednesday after being reached at a regional  mini-summit held here on Tuesday.
Japan or South Korea are favourites to become the first Asian country to host the finals in 2002 after which Europe expect to host the competition.
"Before or even after the resolution is adopted, the door will remain open for dialogue," Han said, urging Pyongyang to allow full inspections of its nuclear sites by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
The ruling here came just hours after a special court in Algiers imposed a death sentence on Abdelhak Layada, said by Algerian authorites to have headed the Armed Islamic Group and who had been accused of trying to overthrow the Algerian government.
A bloody conflict erupted in Algeria between security forces and Islamic militants after authorities in January 1992 cancelled the second round of a general election that the Islamic Salvation Front had been poised to win.
He went out injured after Anthony Mason slammed him to the floor as he drove to the basket.
Strong earthquake rocks East Java  JAKARTA, June 16 (AFP)  Indonesia's East Java was rocked by a strong temblor, measuring 5.7 on the open-ended Richter scale, less than two weeks after another earthquake triggered killer tidal waves in the same area, an official said Thursday.
Wednesday's quake was the third in two weeks after the first one, measuring 5.9 on the Richter scale, hit June 3.
Engineers from the Song Da Construction Co. have begun work on a 300 metre (1,000 feet) tunnel to divert the waters of the Sesane River to the power plant, which will be Vietnam's second largest after the Hoa Binh scheme completed last month.
A twin-engine training jet crashed shortly after takeoff and burst into flames in a vacant lot near Long Beach Municipal Airport, killing two people on board, a Fire Department spokesman said.
And he risks losing more players after Bulgaria finish their 1994 World Cup campaign.
And he risks losing more players after Bulgaria finish their 1994 World Cup campaign.
North Korea reiterates threat to pull out of NPT  TOKYO, June 16 (AFP)  North Korea on Thursday reiterated its threat to pull out of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) if pressure to "stifle" it continued, after the United States unveiled proposals for UN sanctions against it.
North Korea announced Monday it was pulling out of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) after the the UN watchdog suspended technical aid to Pyongyang over its refusal to allow full inspections of its nuclear facilities.
The wounded were still being taken to the Al-Jumhuriya hospital three hours after the dawn attack, officials at the hospital added.
Conservative and Reform movements petitioned the court after the ministry refused to give them financial aid.
Ceasefire fails to end fighting in Kigali  NAIROBI, June 16 (AFP)  Sporadic gunfire resumed in Kigali overnight after a lull of several hours following a ceasefire announcement, a UN spokesman said Thursday.
Mehu said the guns had fallen silent for about five hours on Wednesday afternoon after Tunisian President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali announced at the end of the Organisation of African Unity (OAU) summit in Tunis that Rwanda's government and rebels had agreed to an immediate ceasefire.
His statement came amid new reports of ethnic bloodshed, after Rwanda Patriotic Front rebel radio charged that 40 children abducted by pro- government military from a Kigali church on Tuesday had been killed.
Juppe, speaking after a cabinet meeting with French President Francois Mitterrand, said the situation in Rwanda was "already unacceptable and that could lead us to mobilize France's partners to intervene" without delay.
The authority linked the site with a report by historian Josephus Flavius that Agrippa invited Roman soldiers to relax at the Banyas springs after the destruction of the Jewish Temple in Jerusalem in 70 AD.
Carter, who arrived in North Korea Wednesday after crossing the demarcation line with the south, was quoted as saying that his four- day visit provided the oppurtunity to address "misunderstandings between Washington and Pyongyang."
The meeting comes after the United States Wednesday unveiled proposals for United Nations sanctions against Pyongyang, following its refusal to allow full inspections of its nuclear facilities and after it announced Monday that it was pulling out of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 selected issues in the first section increased 84.51 points, or by 0.4 percent, to 21,367.47 points after having fallen by 71.01 points the previous day.
Ceasefire fails to end fighting in Kigali by David Chazan  NAIROBI, June 16 (AFP)  Sporadic gunfire resumed in Kigali overnight after a lull of several hours following a ceasefire announcement, a United Nations spokesman said Thursday.
Mehu said the guns had fallen silent for about five hours on Wednesday afternoon after Tunisian President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali announced at the end of the Organisation of African Unity summit in Tunis that Rwanda's government and rebels had agreed to an immediate ceasefire.
"If we learn over the next few days that there are massacres of dozens, of hundreds of men, women and children, we will not be able to tolerate it much longer," Juppe said after addressing a parliamentary foreign affairs committee.
The UN withdrew all but 470 of its 2,500 troops from Rwanda after 10 Belgian soldiers were killed in the initial wave of violence following Habyarimana's death in an alleged rocket attack on his plane.
Last year France sent several hundred soldiers to protect foreign nationals after the rebels advanced close to the capital.
UN officials expressed fears Wednesday that 60 adolescents had been slaughtered after being abducted from a church, presumably by extremist Hutu militiamen blamed for much of the bloodletting.
"The reality is that the RPF and the Rwandan government have prepared for war and not peace and will have to bear their responsibility in history for the genocide they are inflicting on their own people," Jacques-Roger Booh-Booh said after resigning his post.
Evacuations were suspended after militiamen prevented UN forces from taking civilians to safety from the Sainte-Famille church Tuesday and later abducted the 60 adolescents.
The big debate concerns a constitution that was drafted after the military seized power in February 1991.
"There was no positive result from the meeting," the undersecretary of information, Ing Teasean, said after the second fruitless day of talks.
Many wounded were still being taken to the Al-Jumhuriya hospital three hours after the dawn attack on the Sheikh Osman suburb, officials at the hospital said.
This city of 500,000 residents was cut off from water for more than a week after the north bombed the plant, and supplies are still sporadic, prompting medical aid workers to warn of the threat of typhoid.
Warplanes taking off from Aden airport mounted wave after wave of attacks on the western front at Kharaz where the north was trying to reinforce its positions.
War broke out May 5 after a nine-month dispute between Saleh and Baid about sharing power in Yemen -- the product of a 1990 merger of the former Marxist south Yemen and conservative and tribal north.
The two men were arrested June 9 after smuggling the drug worth about one million dollars.
South Koreans settle in for anxious wait on sanctions resolution by Kate Webb  SEOUL, June 16 (AFP)  South Koreans settled in for an anxious wait Thursday after their government endorsed a US draft resolution on sanctions against North Korea which has said it will take them as a declaration of war.
Immediately after Han's announcement the opposition Democratic Party and an alliance of dissident organisations called in separate statements for the US to pull back from the brink and return to the negotiating table.
Masol, 66, who was premier between 1987 and 1990, was removed from office after students launched hunger strikes to protest Soviet rule over Ukraine.
The statement came four days after Mayor Mustapha Naatche complained that military restrictions had crippled Hebron's economy since the February 25 mosque massacre.
Masol, 66, who was premier between 1987 and 1990, was removed from office after students launched hunger strikes to protest Soviet rule over Ukraine.
The United States presented UN Security Council members Wednesday with the draft of a resolution calling for phased sanctions against North Korea after it pulled out of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) this week.
Many of their offspring obtained South Korean nationality after Tokyo normalised ties with Seoul in 1965 while others are permanent residents under a special arrangement.
Shells kill 18 in Aden, warplanes bomb airport by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, Yemen, June 16 (AFP)  Northern Yemeni warplanes bombed the airport here Thursday after shelling killed at least 18 people in a suburb of the city, officials said.
Many wounded were still being taken to the Al-Jumhuriya hospital hours after shells hit the Sheikh Osman suburb at dawn and set several homes on fire, officials at the hospital said.
The warplanes damaged hangers at the airport after dodging southern anti-aircraft fire, an AFP correspondent reported.
Water shortages still plague Aden almost two weeks after northern attacks crippled the pumping station at Bir Nasser.
War broke out May 5 after a nine-month dispute between Saleh and Baid about sharing power in Yemen -- the product of a 1990 merger of the former Marxist south Yemen and conservative and tribal north.
                    Rwanda-intervene                     450 words around 1100 GMT     NAIROBI:        Sporadic gunfire continues in Kigali                     a day after a ceasefire announcement that                     was followed by a lull of several hours, but                     a UN spokesman says the intensity of the                     battles has slackened.
Ceasefire fails to end fighting in Kigali by David Chazan  NAIROBI, June 16 (AFP)  Sporadic gunfire continued in the Rwandan capital Kigali on Thursday, a day after a ceasefire announcement that was followed by a lull of several hours, a United Nations spokesman said Thursday.
"If we learn over the next few days that there are massacres of dozens, of hundreds of men, women and children, we will not be able to tolerate it much longer," Juppe said after addressing a parliamentary foreign affairs committee.
The UN withdrew all but 470 of its 2,500 troops from Rwanda after 10 Belgian soldiers were killed in the initial wave of violence following Habyarimana's death in an alleged rocket attack on his plane.
Last year France sent several hundred soldiers to protect foreign nationals after the rebels advanced close to the capital.
UN officials expressed fears Wednesday that 60 adolescents had been slaughtered after being abducted from a church, presumably by extremist Hutu militiamen blamed for much of the bloodletting.
RPF radio on Wednesday said that the "the truth is that after the abduction, the children were taken to a swamp.
"The reality is that the RPF and the Rwandan government have prepared for war and not peace and will have to bear their responsibility in history for the genocide they are inflicting on their own people," Jacques-Roger Booh-Booh said after resigning his post.
Evacuations were suspended after militiamen prevented UN forces from taking civilians to safety from the Sainte-Famille church Tuesday and later abducted the 60 adolescents.
The SDP was the largest force in the Hosokawa government, leaving in April after the formation of a bloc within the coalition excluding the SDP, forcing Hata to form the first minority government in nearly 40 years.
The debate concerns a constitution that was drafted after the military seized power in February 1991.
The appointment of the new head of government came after parliamentary elections in March in which the communist party won the largest number of seats  -- 86 -- followed by the nationalist Rukh movement, the second largest faction in parliament with 20 seats.
But on Thursday morning a UN spokesman in Kigali reported that sporadic gunfire was continuing in the Rwandan capital, a day after a ceasefire announcement that was followed by a lull of several hours.
The UN withdrew all but 470 of its 2,500 troops from Rwanda after 10 Belgian soldiers were killed in the initial wave of violence following Habyarimana's death in an alleged rocket attack on his plane.
President Hosni Mubarak's government in the last year deployed guards at train stations and other areas frequented by foreigners after militants began attacking tourists in their campaign to topple the secular government.
The 3,000 settlers in the valley, which were created by the Labour Party after the 1967 Middle East war, will have five years to pay off the money from 1996.
He pointed to "some progress" already in expert meetings on the funding of Hong Kong's new 20.3 billion dollar airport project and on the allocation of military sites after 1997.
The lecturer was paroled in December 1988 after serving nine years in jail on charges of organizing a communist ring.
Dalai Lama's visit made "private" after Beijing threats: report  ROME, June 16 (AFP)  Italy has downgraded the Dalai Lama's visit here Friday for talks with Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi after China threatened trade reprisals if it was kept an official visit, press reports said Thursday.
He and some 100,000 other Tibetans were granted asylum after they fled their homes in 1959 after China crushed a rebellion in Tibet with military force.
On May 8, President Bill Clinton announced he was halting the repatriation of Haitian boat people without prior hearings, a policy begun by his predecessor George Bush after a military coup deposed Haitian President Jean-Bertrand Aristide in September 1991.
Shares fall in Paris and London in line with gilts  LONDON, June 16 (AFP)  Shares fell in London and Paris on Thursday in line with gilts after US 30-year treasuries rose overnight, dealers said.
Water companies were less positive although Southern Water rose one pence to 519 after announcing a seven percent rise in annual pre-tax profits.
Groupe Andre registered losses of 5.6 percent after half-yearly profits 39 percent lowre.
Hosokawa resigned on April 8 after admitting part of the allegations.
Jeremy Hawkins, economist at the Bank of America, said: "Yesterday's downturn in the US treasury market surprised people after the neutral data published earleir."
The official, who asked not to be named, told AFP that the NLC will issue a communique after the meeting, which he described as "crucial".
The suspects' confessions came the day after investigating judge Thierry Rolland ordered the release of two other men held in jail since March, saying there was not enough evidence to keep holding them but that they still faced charges in the case.
South Korea on Thursday backed the sanctions after Japan said the night before it supported them "in principle."
The United States, which suspects North Korea of developing nuclear weapons, presented UN Security Council members Wednesday with the draft of a resolution calling for phased sanctions against North Korea after it pulled out of the IAEA this week.
But he urged Pyongyang to allow the IAEA inspections, adding: "Before or even after the resolution is adopted, the door will remain open for dialogue."
Shells kill 18 in Aden, warplanes bomb airport and palace by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, Yemen, June 16 (AFP)  Northern Yemeni warplanes on Thursday bombed both Aden airport and the southern city's former presidential palace after shelling killed at least 18 people in a suburb here.
Water shortages still plague Aden almost two weeks after northern attacks crippled the pumping station at Bir Nasser.
War broke out May 5 after a nine-month dispute between Saleh and Baid about sharing power in Yemen -- the product of the 1990 merger of the former Marxist south Yemen and conservative and tribal north.
Macari sacked by Celtic  GLASGOW, Scotland, June 16 (AFP)  Glasgow Celtic have sacked their manager Lou Macari after just eight months in the job.
Toyoda, president of the Japanese carmaker Toyota, became head of the Keidanren after the expected candidate, Akio Morita of Sony, suffered a stroke.
Institutions prop up South Korean shares  SEOUL, June 16 (AFP)  Prices on the South Korean stock market rose on Thursday after institutions bought stock to prop up the index in line with the government's bid to calm anxiety over the North Korean nuclear standoff.
The fighting in the region, initially calm after the start of the latest ceasefire last week, had picked up with artillery and small arms fire exchanges observed near Miostrah, Otoka and Bihac itself.
But residents of the area said the pair were gunned down by the paramilitary troops after they had been taken into custody.
But residents of the area said the pair were gunned down by the paramilitary troops after they had been taken into custody.
"The massacres that always come after an RPF advance are, for many people, just one way among others of making war, since the Tutsis are considered FPR allies."
(picture) Japan's desperate kamikaze decision still unclear after 50 years by Peter Starr  TATEYAMA, Japan, June 16 (AFP)  As the dust settles on the recent D-Day commemoration fanfare in Europe, a more obscure 50th anniversary of World War II is about to go quietly unnoticed in this small city south of Tokyo.
According to Tadashi Nakajima, a naval commander who wrote about his experiences as a kamikaze training officer after the war, the idea was conveyed during an inspection of the Tateyama airbase by Vice Admiral Shigeru Fukudome.
On June 22, three days after Okamura's plea, Hirohito met with his brother Prince Takamatsu, a naval officer attached to the military command.
The operation, called "sho" for victory, came into effect on October 18, a day after the arrival in Manila of Vice Admiral Takijiro Ohnishi as the new commander of naval and air forces in the Philippines.
Captain Rikihei Inoguchi, a senior staff officer to Ohnishi, wrote after the war that the final decision to go ahead with suicide units was taken by Ohnishi, himself and four other officers in Mabalacat on October 19.
The United States presented UN Security Council members Wednesday with the draft of a resolution calling for phased sanctions against North Korea after it this week pulled out of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Drink-drive Grobbelaar banned  WREXHAM, June 16 (AFP)  Liverpool's controversial goalkeeper Bruce Grobbelaar has been banned from driving for 15 months and fined 250 pounds after pleading guilty to a charge of drink driving.
Magistrates banned the 36-year-old Zimbabwe international here on Thursday after hearing that Grobbelaar -- renowned for his on-field antics -- admitted driving with excess alcohol on May 3 last.
Oil futures soared in New York after the ministers' decision late Wednesday, hitting a 12-month high of 19.86 dollars a barrel for the American benchmark light crude, WTI.
"I said we mean no harm or offense to anybody because this area is quite close to our coastline," he added after meeting with the Chinese.
Although the pitch was likely to take gentle turn, the selectors preferred Northamptonshire seamer Paul Taylor - restored to the international scene after a 17 months absence.
Chuan's government took power after elections in September 1992.
It was amended after bloody street protests in May 1992, but not all provisions considered undemocratic were axed.
The two sides, fighting since 1975, signed a first peace pact in May 1991, but renewed conflict broke out after UNITA lost UN-supervised general elections in September 1992.
Milosevic, Karadzic meet in Belgrade  BELGRADE, June 16 (AFP)  Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic briefed Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic here on Thursday after his visit to Moscow where he met Russian officials, the Tanjug news agency reported, citing a statement from Milosevic's office.
Toshiaki Ushijima, executive adviser to Mitsubishi Oil Co., said that although there was pressure not to renew a law limiting imports of petroleum products after it expires in 1996, most industry people wanted it extended.
"It seems quite possible that some of the qualifications for product importers will remain in some form even after the expiry of the Product Import Law," he said.
The United States presented UN Security Council members Wednesday with the draft of a resolution calling for phased sanctions against North Korea after it announced it was pulling out of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
The official, who asked not to be named, said US chip makers had invested heavily on research and development, creating the "prospect of further gains" after reaching the 20 percent goal under a 1991 bilateral semiconductor accord.
The semiconductor agreement calls for "steady and gradual progress" even after Japan has cleared the 20 percent goal.
Malaysia has fallen behind Thailand and Indonesia in rubber production after reigning as the world's number one natural rubber producer for almost a century until 1988.
The threat came shortly after the nation's subway and railway unions voted for a strike to push their demands for wage increases and improved working conditions.
On June 12, union workers at Daewoo Shipbuilding and Heavy Machinery Co. voted for a strike after two months of wage negotiations failed.
"There was no breakthough today, no positive result from the meeting," the undersecretary of information said after a second fruitless day of talks at the Royal Palace.
The talks, similar to the previous round hosted by King Norodom Sihanouk at his residence in North Korea, were aimed at ending the Khmer Rouge's guerrilla war against the year-old government installed after UN-supervised polls.
The Canadian Spirit had arrived earlier Thursday in the besieged southern stronghold after being stranded off the port for 24 hours waiting for a lull in shelling.
On Thursday morning, sporadic gunfire was continuing in the Rwandan capital Kigali, a day after a ceasefire announcement that was followed by a lull of several hours, UN spokesman Pierre Mehu said.
The maximum after adjustment would be 801 million francs (94.4 million pounds), EMAP said.
The threat came shortly after the nation's subway and railway unions voted for a strike to push demands for wage increases and improved working conditions.
On June 12, union workers at Daewoo Shipbuilding and Heavy Machinery Co. voted for a strike after two months of wage negotiations failed.
The council was set in terms of the new constitution that came into effect after last month's all-race election, convincingly won by President Nelson Mandela's African National Congress.
Viljoen broke away from the mainstream right-wing Conservative Party (CP) prior to the election after the CP decided to boycott the poll.
The official's remarks came a day after Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad vowed to find ways to overcome fresh US opposition to the EAEC, following a report that US President Bill Clinton's administration had officially informed Japan it had rejected the caucus.
Kyodo news agency of Japan had reported Wednesday that a US official in Tokyo conveyed the Clinton administration's renewed rejection of the EAEC to the Japanese government after ASEAN officials had briefed Washington on the caucus during a dialogue last month.
He was killed after he broke ranks with Geagea and threw his support behind renegade Christian Lebanese Army General Michel Aoun, who waged a "war of liberation" against the Syrian military presence in Lebanon and fought the LF.
Lebanon reactivated the death penalty for political crimes in March after the church bombing amid efforts to tighten security and legal procedures.
Major producers including Australia, the world's largest producer and supplier of alumina and the third largest exporter of aluminium after Canada and the Commonwealth of Independent States, agreed to cuts early this year.
In 1974 Turkey invaded the Mediteranean island of Cyprus after Greek officers in the Cypriot army staged a military coup.
His figures, based on recently released population census data and battle casualty statistics, includes those who died from hunger and disease and takes account of the drop in the birthrate after the war.
His official visit began after Nujoma participated in the three-day summit of the Organisation of African Unity from Monday to Wednesday in the Tunisian capital.
In 1974 Turkey invaded the Mediteranean island of Cyprus after Greek officers in the Cypriot army staged a military coup.
War broke out on May 5 after a nine-month dispute between President Ali Abdallah Saleh and his southern rival and former vice president Ali Salem-al Baid over sharing power in a fragile four-year union of the former Marxist South Yemen and conservative North Yemen.
Prince Ital Joe, 30, whose hit song "United" is top of the German hit- parade, was accused of raping the school girl on Monday after she had followed him to get his autograph.
He was arrested after police questioned the young girl at length and doctors examined her.
The trend has been for conventional arms sales to stabilise after a "period of rapid decline since 1987," the institute said.
The Middle East, accounted for 25 percent of imports, up from 12 percent in 1992, after contracts concluded after the 1991 Gulf War were fulfilled, the institute said.
The official, who asked not to be named, told AFP that the NLC will issue a communique after its meeting, which he described as "crucial".
Croatian negotiators pulled out of the talks after the Serbs refused to allow Croatian journalists to cover the event, the envoy said.
Local hope leads in Swiss tour  JONA, Switzerland, June 16 (AFP)  Swiss rider Pascal Richard seized the lead in the Tour of Switzerland cycle race on Thursday, after coming fourth in a 192km third stage, from Thoune to Jona, won by German Andreas Kappes.
The hashish was part of stocks concealed in the Hermel region since Lebanon, in cooperation with Syria, set fire to poppy and cannabis fields in a ban imposed after the civil war ended in 1991.
Shaath himself entered the Gaza Strip on Tuesday after spending most of his life in exile.
                    LatAm-summit                     600 words around 1715 GMT                     by Andre Birukoff     ADEN, Yemen:    About 1,000 evacuees finally flee the besieged                     port of Aden on board an international aid ship,                     after shelling kills 18 people.
Boat with 935 evacuees on board leaves Aden  ADEN, Yemen, June 16 (AFP)  An international aid ship evacuated 935 foreigners and Yemenis from the besieged southern port of Aden on Thursday after it was held up for two hours by authorities.
North Korea had said it would expel the inspectors after announcing earlier this week that it would quit the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
"We will go to the European parliament with our new identity, we are new people who do not have the habit of tradition," Berlusconi said after two and a half hours of talks with the German chancellor.
Thailand's constitution was drafted after the military seized power in February 1991.
It was only amended after protests in May 1992 that were bloodily put down.
British journalist fined and released  LUANDA, June 15 (AFP)  An Angolan court on Thursday fined a BBC reporter charged with unauthorised activities in trying to interview detainees and freed him after ordering him also to pay costs.
He was arrested Sunday after entering a prison inside a police station to interview three South Africans jailed there on drug offences.
Shares rose four pence to 373 on the stock exchange shortly after the news.
In April, Russia protested strongly after it was not consulted prior to NATO air strikes authorised by the UN against Bosnian Serbs around the eastern Bosnian Moslem enclave of Gorazde.
Subroto, aged 66, has won credit in the West for helping to change OPEC's image thanks to his diplomatic skills and friendly manner, after years of confrontation between oil producers and consumers.
But Kiet said after the signing that "a new accord that renews and improves the preceding one" had settled the naval base issue.
He had earlier made it known that he would like to stand down after leading the party's campaign for the European parliamentary elections.
Fowler took the position of party chairman in 1992 after current Hong Kong Governor Chris Patten failed to win re-election to his Bath constituency in the April general election.
Major, who was to meet later Thursday with Brittan, after Greek European Affairs Minister Theodore Pangalos, replied, "I'm not at this stage going to declare a position on any other candidate or possible candidates."
"He's got to get tougher mentally," said his coach Mike Keller after O'Brien's worst 1,500m since he was at school 12 years ago prevented him from breaking the 9,000 points barrier.
"I've got to get in good 1500 metre shape to be able to give an effort there at the end," said O'Brien who stopped drinking alcohol after what he termed a "bad incident" in January.
Rogers says the grass will be on sale after the World Cup, at seven cents a square foot.
Sources close to the talks said a breakthrough could be in sight after Tunisian President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali said the rebels and the rump government had agreed to an immediate ceasefire Wednesday after talks on the sidelines of the Organisation of African Unity summit in Tunis.
Evacuations were suspended after militiamen prevented UN soldiers from taking civilians to safety from Kigali's Sainte-Famille church Tuesday.
Many countries have shown reluctance to send peacekeepers to Rwanda after UN and US soldiers failed to end anarchy in Somalia, diplomats said.
Rioting erupted Wednesday after UNHCR officials ordered a well-known Hutu and suspected mass murderer out of the camp.
The United States presented UN Security Council members Wednesday with the draft of a resolution calling for phased sanctions against North Korea after it pulled out of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) this week.
An international aid ship left here after a two-hour delay with 935 foreigners and Yemenis on board, bound for the safety of the African port of Djibouti across the Red Sea.
Washington went to the United Nations after the IAEA said late last month it could no longer guarantee North Korea was not diverting plutonium to build a nuclear bomb.
About 50 foreign aid workers left the camp after angry refugees hurled stones and shouted threats at them on Wednesday, a spokesman for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) said.
The rioters dispersed after Tanzanian police went into the Benaco camp near the northern border with Rwanda and fired in the air, the spokesman, Panos Moumtzis, said in Nairobi.
But another 19 lawyers held on public order charges after the May rally were retained in custody for a further two weeks by the prosecutor's office.
Police brutally suppressed the bar association rally, organised to protest the death of Abdel Hareth Madani on April 27 four hours after his arrest.
The greenback stood in late afternoon at 1.63 marks, after having fallen as low as 1.6280 at the Thursday opening, both figures well below the Wednesday evening figure of 1.6370 marks to the dollar.
The mark jumped to 982.25 lire against 974.50 Wednesday evening and rose to 82.80 pesetas against 82.32, but it was off slightly to 3.4120 French francs compared with 3.4130 after the Bank of France cut its tender rate from 5.3 to 5.2 percent in the morning.
Fowler's decision comes as little surprise since he made it known to Major some months ago that he would like to stand down after fighting the European Parliamentary elections, which took place earlier this week.
Fowler took the post of party chairman two years ago after current Hong Kong Governor Chris Patten failed to get re-elected to his Bath constituency in the April 1992 general election.
Japan's Masashi Ozaki dropped in a 50-foot birdie putt on the first hole and stood four-under after the front nine.
The summit's closing statement, which did not refer to Cuba by name, came a day after Castro sharply criticised the embargo and upbraided Latin American presidents for remaining silent.
The paragraph was obtained after drawn-out discussions and, according to observers, did not correspond with what Castro had wished for.
Aluminium soared in the wake of copper and as dealers said the metal was finally experiencing a turnaround after a long period of oversupply, Stock figures from the International Primary Aluminium Institute (IAPI) data and weekly figures on the LME appear to support the view that Western producer cutbacks are starting to affect both production and stock levels, traders said.
Japan or South Korea are favourites to become the first Asian country to host the finals in 2002 after which Europe expect to host the competition.
"We have been in constant negotiation with our Japanese friends since May 24," when the two sides agreed to resume talks after a three-month suspension, Kantor told a Senate committee.
US and Japanese negotiators started meetings in Tokyo on Thursday covering telecommunications and glass, one of the new areas added after May 24.
But after his talks, Berlusconi said his Euro-deputies would not for the time being join any parliamentary group.
Press group EMAP was down two to 405 after announcing the purchase of Editions Mondiales and of 10 other French magazines.
Meanwhile, there was more drama at Royal Ascot when a racegoer was seriously injured after he ran out in front of a horse, bringing it down.
Hopeful signs for Holyfield  ATLANTA, Georgia, June 16 (AFP)  Evander Holyfield left hospital here Wednesday after doctors found his heart condition had improved, although they were still reluctant to clear him to fight again.
Holyfield believes his "stiff heart," which prevents sufficient oxygen from being pumped to the muscles and tissues, cured itself after attending an evangelist meeting in Philadelphia where he gave the minister 265,000 dollars.
"If God will, I will," said the 31-year-old whose problem was discovered after he lost his world heavyweight boxing title to Michael Moorer in April.
Teenager dies two months after being shot by soldiers  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, June 16 (AFP)  A Palestinian teenager died Thursday, nearly two months after being shot and wounded in a clash with Israeli soldiers on the Gaza Strip, Palestinian sources said.
Sweden to call up Teddy  LOS ANGELES, June 16 (AFP)  Swedish manager Tommy Svensson has asked FIFA permission to call up Teddy Lucic to replace defender Jan Eriksson, who has been ruled out of the World Cup squad after a training injury.
Following on from a similar strike last week, the CGT called on Wednesday for a three-day stoppage to run through to Saturday, after UNIM refused to negotiate on the status of casual workers.
But she stopped swimming after Moscow, disenchanted with the vigorous demands of the sport.
But she admitted: "I often regret having retired after Moscow and not having gone to Los Angeles.
Japan or South Korea are favourites to become the first Asian country to host the finals in 2002 after which Europe expect to host the competition.
But after tea, Crowe accelerated past 50 with a withering assault on off-spinner Peter Such, kicking off with a six swung over mid-wicket and following up with three more lofted on-drives for four.
Thomson's unbeaten 68, 63 of them scored after tea, included 12 boundaries from 127 balls.
Atherton generally handled his bowlers well on a fine batting pitch, but he baffled many by not reintroducing Such in early afternoon after Phillip DeFreitas had removed Kiwi captain Ken Rutherford for 37.
He told Croat media after the cancellation that it was "obvious" the Serb side was at present not ready to enter discussions.
The other three were in serious condition after taking the plunge while climbing down a snow-covered mountain ravine at an altitude of 2,800 meters (9,000 feet).
US singer Prince Ital Joe freed after rape accusation by fan  COLOGNE, Germany, June 16 (AFP)  US singer Prince Ital Joe was freed Thursday after being earlier detained on rape charges here following a complaint lodged by one of his 17-year old German fans, the public prosecutor's office said.
Prince Ital Joe, 30, whose hit song "United" is top of the German hit- parade, was accused of raping the schoolgirl on Monday after she had followed him to get his autograph.
He was arrested after police questioned the girl at length and doctors examined her.
"Our pride was hurt after losing the first Test so badly but the guys have knuckled down well.
Senior tranfusion service officials Michel Garretta and Jean-Pierre Allain were jailed in October 1992 for "deception over goods" after the blood they knew to be contaminated with HIV, the precursor to Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome, leading to the deaths of hundreds of patients, primarily haemophiliacs.
Clinton took part intermittently in a meeting of national security advisors at the White House which began early in the morning and was still going on in the early afternoon after a break for lunch, Kathleen DeLaski said.
Fears of Burundi bloodbath lessen  BUJUMBURA, June 16 (AFP)  Fears of an ethnic bloodbath enveloping Burundi eased, UN officials said Thursday, after several days of armed conflicts and bloody fighting including the massacre of 100 refugees from neighbouring Rwanda.
In Burundi, between 25,000 and 50,000 people died in inter-ethnic massacres  after the assassination of the country's first Hutu president, Melchior Ndadaye, last October by elements in the Tutsi-led army.
Mandela was sworn in as South Africa's first democratically-elected president on May 10 after four decades of apartheid during which the former white minority power went out of its way to destabilise its black neighbours.
Heat exhaustion forced Chris Patton to withdraw after eight holes.
Clinton had reneged on his campaign promise to end the policy begun by his predecessor George Bush after a military coup deposed Haitian President Jean-Bertrand Aristide in September 1991.
The 22-year-old opener, discarded by England after only two Tests, hit 33 fours in 322 balls in his blistering 206 - the highest score by a Somerset player on the ground.
Wayne Larkins and Mark Saxelby hit half centuries as Durham made a good start, but then lost wickets steadily after being 147 for one.
The group had previously converged on London in April to thrash out a joint US, Russian and European Union position, after earlier differences surfaced.
An international aid ship finally left here after a two-hour delay with 935 foreigners and Yemenis on board, bound for the safety of the African port of Djibouti across the Red Sea.
Shortly after President Bill Clinton took office and appointed former Carter aides Warren Christopher and Anthony Lake as secretary of state and national security advisor, the former president announced he was ready to head to North Korea to try to defuse the looming nuclear crisis there.
Simpson, dressed in a black suit, made no comment before or after the hourlong Tours Catholic Church funeral for Nicole Brown Simpson, who was slain Sunday along with a 25-year-old man at her condominium.
Press reports said he had gone to her house to return sunglasses after Nicole Simpson had called to say she had left them behind.
Simpson and his wife divorced in 1992 after seven years of marriage.
Dollar mixed, gold dips  NEW YORK, June 16 (AFP)  The dollar was mixed Thursday, after trading near its opening quotes all day, as gold prices fell.
Players, who fear clubs will unilaterally implement a salary cap after this season and are expected to strike in order to force an agreement.
In a statement after a meeting of its central committee, the federation appealed to military ruler General Sani Abacha to "disengage completely from the governance of the country in the interest of democracy."
Second South African Siamese twin dies after separation  PRETORIA, June 16 (AFP)  The second of a pair of Siamese twin baby girls operated on this week died Thursday, the SAPA news agency reported.
The first twin, Nthabiseng, died five hours after surgery in intensive care unit at Garankuwa Hospital north of here of a congenital heart problem, and not as a result of the operation, a hospital spokesman had said.
But hospital officials said that after initial optimism, her situation had deteriorated throughout the day and that she had developed kidney trouble, SAPA said.
Silicone bags were implanted under the babies' scalps months ago to expand their skins sufficiently to cover the backs of their heads after the separation.
It surged to 7.43 percent briefly after the release of the economic figures.
Tobacco stocks moved higher after the House of Representatives' Ways and Means committee voted in favor of a lower-than-expected tax hike on cigarettes.
Baxter was up 3/8 at 26-3/8, after announcing its officials purchased 4.7 billion dollars in shares.
Carter said after meeting with North Korean President Kim Il-Sung in Pyongyang on Thursday that North Korea was now willing to allow international nuclear inspectors and monitoring equipment to remain in place, after earlier threats to expel them.
The money was paid after a memo was issued to White House staffers asking for payment for 16 bathrobes and 68 towels from the aircraft carrier, some with the ship's insignia.
Meanwhile 21 Cubans remained holed up in the German embassy, where they crashed a truck through the gate Monday, and nine others remained in the Chilean consulate after scaling an iron gate Wednesday.
Carter said after meeting with North Korean President Kim Il-Sung in Pyongyang on Thursday that North Korea was now willing to allow international nuclear inspectors and monitoring equipment to remain in place, after earlier threats to expel them.
Washington went to the United Nations after the IAEA said late last month it could no longer guarantee North Korea was not diverting plutonium to build a nuclear bomb.
The agreement on refugees came Wednesday after three days of UN- sponsored talks in the Norwegian capital, where Guatemalan peace talks were first held in March 1990.
Nicklaus, a 54-year-old playing like a 22-year-old, sank an undulating 40-foot birdie putt on the 18th hole here Thursday for a 2-under-par 69 and a share of the lead after the first round of the 94th US Open.
Meanwhile 21 Cubans remained holed up in the German embassy, where they crashed a truck through the gate Monday, and nine others remained in the Chilean consulate after scaling an iron gate Wednesday.
But after a meeting of 14 African countries with donor representatives here last week, sponsored by the World Bank, some are beginning to say that the new conditions being set are tantamount to blackmail.
King and Brower take early lead  ROCHESTER, New York, June 16 (AFP)  Betsy King and Laurie Brower, who earned her first top 10 finish last month, shared the first round lead in the LPGA Rochester International here Thursday after both posted six-under-par 66.
Her only bogey came after her drive missed the fairway on the tree-lined 14th.
Clinton had reneged on his campaign promise to end the policy begun by his predecessor George Bush after a military coup deposed Haitian President Jean-Bertrand Aristide in September 1991.
A statement issued after discussions here stressed "the importance for the countries of the region to become more deeply involved in setting (development) priorities and implementing concrete measures."
Princess of Wales "in Vogue" to celebrate her 33rd birthday  LONDON, June 17 (AFP)  Six months after announcing her intention to withdraw from public life, the Princess of Wales is back in the limelight, on the cover of the July edition of Vogue magazine.
Record midday heat led to five-hour rounds and forced Chris Patton to withdraw after eight holes with dehydration.
Simpson, dressed in a black suit, made no comment before or after the hourlong St. Martin of Tours Catholic Church funeral for Nicole Brown Simpson, who was slain Sunday along with a 25-year-old man at her condominium.
Press reports said he had gone to her house to return sunglasses after Nicole Simpson had called to say she had left them behind.
Simpson and his wife divorced in 1992 after seven years of marriage.
The Arabs settled in Gaza after the Moslems vanquished the Byzantines in 635 AD.
Carter said after meeting with North Korean President Kim Il-Sung in Pyongyang Thursday that North Korea was now willing to allow international nuclear inspectors and monitoring equipment to remain in place, after earlier threats to expel them.
Washington went to the United Nations after the IAEA said late last month it could no longer guarantee North Korea was not diverting plutonium to build a nuclear bomb.
Six of the deputies have already been brought before the state security court in Ankara on the same charges, after their immunity was lifted by parliament in March.
The executive of the Transport and General Workers Union recommended her to the union's 800,000 levy paying members eligible to vote, after all three leadership contenders addressed a meeting organised by the union in London.
Chamoun, an ally of former Christian military leader Michel Aoun, was murdered in October 1990 just days after Aoun was driven out of Lebanon in an offensive led by his Syrian-backed Lebanese opponents.
An international aid ship left  here after a two-hour delay with 935 foreigners and Yemenis on board, bound  for the safety of the African port of Djibouti across the Red Sea.
Romania, known for their tough, physical style, were knocked out in the second round in 1990 in a penalty shoot-out against Ireland after a goalless draw.
Valderrama squeaked into the squad after recovering from a knee injury that threatened to sideline him for the game's premier event.
"I have a tremendous amount of respect for the Swiss team," Milutinovic said after the Americans arrived from their base in California for the match in the Silverdome.
Parents panic after poison in medecine kills child  PARIS, June 17 (AFP)  Thousands of anxious parents jammed emergency telephone lines overnight after a nine-year-old died from a poison deliberately introduced into France's leading antibiotic for children Thursday.
Nevertheless, some analysts suspect that China's sudden show of goodwill flows from secret Sino-British talks in past weeks, following the United States' renewal of most-favoured-nation (MFN) status for China after dropping its link of human rights with trade.
The group's work stagnated for some six months after Governor Chris Patten unilaterally decided to go ahead with a political reform package unveiled in October 1992.
On June 29 Hong Kong's Legislative Council is to adopt the final stage of Patten's political reforms, which triggered a breakdown in Sino- British relations after they were unveiled in October 1992.
But in effect "Patten's political reform is now irrelevant," said Wong, since China has already vowed to scrap any changes after the takeover.
Most major Japanese carmakers have admitted in the past few weeks that they were holding talks with China on car production after 1996.
The trade minister predicted that any agreement on the disputed issues -- auto trade, government procurement and insurance -- would be reached after the summit on July 8-10.
Matsushita sees Vietnam as next big market for airconditioners  TOKYO, June 17 (AFP)  Vietnam is likely to become the next big market for Japanese airconditioner manufacturers after China, a senior executive of Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd.
Most major Japanese carmakers have admitted in the past few weeks that they were holding talks with China on car production after 1996.
Government's peace negotiator quits  MEXICO CITY, June 17 (AFP)  Manuel Camacho, the government's negotiator in the failed peace talks with rebels in Chiapas, said he quit his post and would stay out of politics until after the August 21 presidential elections.
Five days after rebel leaders in southern Chiapas rejected a 32-point government peace plan he helped put together, Camacho lashed out at Ernesto Zedillo, the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party's (PRI) presidential candidate, for hindering the peace effort.
After lengthy consultations with ethnic Mayans in southern Chiapas, the Zapatista National Liberation Army Saturday rejected the government's peace plan, saying that negotiations could resume only after clean and fair elections were held.
Camacho's surprise resignation -- only a few days after he vowed to remain on the political scene -- indicates a rift within the PRI, which has ruled the country uninterrupted for the past 65 years.
By leaving the political arena until after the next change of government on November 30, Camacho has dispelled rumors that suggested he would run for president as an independent.
The second meeting between the two men in the North Korean capital of Pyongyang came a day after Kim offered to let international nuclear inspectors and monitoring equipment to remain in the country.
URGENT  KIGALI, June 17 (AFP)  Rwandan rebels captured Kigali's key Sainte Famille church complex from government forces early Friday after an intense battle, a UN military spokesman said.
The RPF success came after intense fighting despite a ceasefire announced Wednesday in Tunis at the closure of the Organisation of African Unity summit.
Ariane rocket blasts off with three satellites  KOUROU, French Guiana, June 17 (AFP)  A European Ariane rocket blasted off into space early Friday, after a 13-day delay, carrying three satellites, the Kourou space center said.
Residential areas came under relentless heavy artillery fire from northern positions outside the port, after 22 civilians were killed Thursday and about 40 others wounded in a barrage of rocket and shell attacks throughout the day.
But most were released after we accepted the condition to marry," a woman prisoner who wedded a guard said.
"They took me from the bazar and kept me in Sedarat for eight months," said a 10-year-old boy, Ali Akbar, who was freed after the pro-Iranian Shiite Hezb-i-Wahdat released a soldier of former defence minister Ahmed Shah Masood's Shoora-e-Nazaar militia.
The freed prisoner, who did not want to be named, said he knew an inmate, Saeed Mukhtar, who died after a merciless 10-hour beating.
The group was released after eight months in detention, when Shakar Dara's commander Anwar Dangar, who is allied to Rabbani's Jamiat-i-Islami party intervened.
A trader was still in Sedarat because he refused to pay 40,000 dollars in kickbacks, while Abdul Razak, another businessman, secured his release after paying some 15,000 dollars and Nazir Kandahari was freed for 16,000 dollars, he said.
Besides Sedarat and Jafri jails in Kabul, some 1,200 people -- mostly Uzbek militia soldiers arrested after a failed coup against Rabbani in January -- were in Safid Sher jail in Masood's stronghold of Panjsher valley, officials here say.
Kiet, who was wrapping up a three-day visit to Russia, on Thursday signed a treaty of friendship with his Russian counterpart, Viktor Chernomyrdin, after experts from the two sides resolved a series of last-minute disagreements.
"The government has decided to settle on an official position only after the former US president briefs President Kim Young-Sam on the results of his Pyongyang visit," a spokesman said.
He told the conference that one of the six men could not walk for three days after the flogging, but none of them had been badly hurt because the elders knew how to administer the beating without leaving permanent injuries.
However, the judicial outcome remained unclear after officials reported last month that the victim's family had decided not to proceed with the spearing even though the convicted man was prepared to submit to the punishment.
But Mahathir made it clear Kuala Lumpur would not let Washington's rejection of the EAEC affect bilateral ties, which only began improving recently after being strained for nearly four years following opposition by the previous administration under George Bush on grounds it was a budding trade bloc.
"We will not allow this to affect too much our relationship with the US," added Mahathir, who said after a meeting with Clinton in Washington last month that relations between Malaysia and United States will be "easier".
Kyodo reported Wednesday that a US official in Tokyo had conveyed the Clinton administration's renewed objections of the EAEC to the Japanese government after mulling the proposal.
In the latest atrocity, militiamen abducted and probably killed 60 children and adolescents from the church Tuesday after preventing UN soldiers from evacuating them to safety.
Russia delayed indefinitely signing the "framework" membership document last April after NATO launched limited air strikes on Bosnia.
The negotiator said another round of talks, part of wide-ranging bilateral discussions which have just been resumed after a three- and-a-half month supspension, would be held next week in Tokyo.
Ghana, whose troops will be first in reaching Rwanda under the UN flag after they are trained in Somalia and Senegal, has indicated it is willing to join a French-led mission.
Indian troops kill 19 Kashmir Moslem militants  NEW DELHI, June 17 (AFP)  Indian troops shot dead 10 Moslem separatist guerrillas in the state of Kashmir on Friday after gunning down nine others overnight, the Press Trust of India (PTI) reported.
Indian troops shot dead seven members of the Hizb-ul-Mujahedeen, Kashmir's dominant militant group, after laying siege to a village in a "major operation" in Baramulla district late Thursday, PTI said.
Hezbollah, SLA clash after attack: woman killed  TYRE, Lebanon, June 17 (AFP)  Clashes between Iranian-backed Hezbollah guerrillas and allied Israeli militiamen killed a civilian woman and wounded four people in south Lebanon on Friday, police said.
The fighting broke out after Hezbollah attacked an SLA outpost on the edge of Israel's self-declared "security zone" in south Lebanon with machine guns and B-7 rocket-propelled grenades, police in the southern port of Tyre said.
Russia delayed indefinitely signing the "framework" membership document last April after NATO launched limited air strikes on Bosnia.
Another all-French crew -- Pierre Petit, Marc Rostan and Patrick Gonin -- emerged third fastest after the second day of practice in their turbo-powered Peugeot.
Mark falls on profit taking, dollar higher  LONDON, June 17 (AFP)  The mark was weaker against the main European currencies on Thursday morning, falling as dealers took profits ahead of the weekend and after the currency registered sharp rises during the week.
Paul Hammett, an economist at Paribas Capital Markets (PCM), said the mark was falling in technical trading after having lifted strongly against the main currencies on German Chancellor Helmut Kohl's surprise victory in the European Parliamentary elections.
The UN force in Rwanda was slashed in April from more than 2,000 to 470 men after 10 Belgian soldiers were killed, but Boutros-Ghali wants it boosted back to 5,500 troops.
Mark falls on profit taking, dollar higher  LONDON, June 17 (AFP)  The mark was weaker against the main European currencies on Friday (eds: correct) morning, falling as dealers took profits ahead of the weekend and after the currency registered sharp rises during the week.
Paul Hammett, an economist at Paribas Capital Markets (PCM), said the mark was falling in technical trading after having lifted strongly against the main currencies on German Chancellor Helmut Kohl's surprise victory in the European Parliamentary elections.
Ariane rocket blasts off with three satellites  KOUROU, French Guyana, June 17 (AFP)  A European Ariane rocket blasted off into space early Friday, after a 13-day delay, carrying three satellites, the Kourou space center said.
Some 20 minutes after the pre-dawn launch Friday, the three satellites were released and began their steady climb to their geostationary orbits varying in altitude between 300-35,600 kilometers (187-22,250 miles).
"Ten years after opening our first space transport line in 1984, we now have a safer and more reliable launching system to better serve all our clients," said Arianespace director general Charles Bigot.
Union officials walked out after negotiations with federal mediators over a new 2-1/2 year contract broke down.
Police received a letter alerting them to the scam and made the arrests after a three-month investigation, it said.
So far three victims have died of AIDS after receiving contaminated blood at the hospital.
If the new round does not resolve the deadlock, either party could still get one deputy after the 20,000 votes sent by absentee voters are counted by June 22.
Genoa, who have signed him on a one-year contract, are hoping the Japanese star can lift their performance after finishing 11th in the 18-team first division last season.
The Chuan government came to power in the elections of September 1992, held after the overthrow of a military junta in May by a popular uprising in the capital.
Oil companies in London were higher after the recent rise in price of Brent crude oil which rose above 17 dollars a barrel.
Imperial Chemical Industries (ICI) dropped four pence to 773 after NatWest issued a sell note on the company saying ICI is facing the challenge of raising return on assets in order to increase growth and dividends.
British Gas recovered 2.5 pence to 271 after recent falls following the publication of a new transportation pricing formula by industry regulator Ofgas.
Guinness rose four pence to 467 after Bernard Arnault, managing director of LVMH said the group's profits should rise 20 percent this year.
EMAP was up one pence at 406 after news Thursday that it is acquiring 38 French consumer magazine titles for 108 million pounds.
A spokesman for Roger Bellon Laboratories said an autopsy showed the girl died of cyanide poisoning less than an hour after taking the contaminated Josacine antibiotic in liquid form.
Thousands of anxious parents jammed emergency telephone lines overnight after Bellon, a subsidiary of state-owned Rhone-Poulenc Rorer, recalled all unopened 125, 250 and 500 gramme bottles of liquid Josacine Thursday night in a televised statement.
The parliamentary debate came after two separate bomb attacks at the Moscow offices of a car manufacturer that has apparently been the target in past weeks of a shakedown from organised crime rings.
The shooting came a day after the international observers in Hebron reported "signs of hope and optimism" after the army opened several roads which had been sealed off.
The Burundian sources said the soldier was a training advisor for the Burundian presidential guard and had been killed after failing to heed warnings from guards as he headed towards the palace in a drunken state.
The appointment was announced a day after the Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC) called on the military junta to resign, in an apparent show of support for fugitive opposition leader and self-declared president Moshood Abiola.
In a statement after a meeting of its central committee, the federation appealed to military ruler General Sani Abacha to "disengage completely from the governance of the country in the interest of democracy."
The junta, which scrapped all Nigeria's democratically elected institutions after seizing power last November, has arrested and charged several prominent former politicians with treason for reconvening parliament and declaring the government illegal.
Abiola escaped the clutches of the police again on Thursday evening, after holding a meeting with aides, police sources said, according to Friday's Daily Times.
The UN force in Rwanda was slashed in April from more than 2,000 to 470 men after 10 Belgian soldiers were killed.
Japan, US to hold more telecom talks after clashing on NTT treatment (UPDATES giving details of why talks failed  TOKYO, June 17 (AFP)  Japan and the United States failed to reach an agreement in their latest round of talks on Japanese government procurement of telecommunications equipment, a senior US trade negotiator said Friday.
The schedule for another round of working-level talks will be decided after meetings between Barshefsky and Japanese deputy foreign minister Sadayuki Hayashi on Wednesday and Thursday, the negotiator said.
The rebels withdrew from the area after their rescue mission, Mehu said.
In the latest atrocity at Sainte-Famille, militiamen seized and probably killed 60 children and adolescents from the church Tuesday after preventing UN soldiers from evacuating them to safety.
Carter, who arrived in North Korea Wednesday after crossing the military demarcation line separating the isolated country from South Korea, is scheduled to return to the south on Saturday.
They were freed last week after promising not to return the sprawling Benaco camp sheltering about 350,000 refugees.
Tapie wants to carry on at Marseille  PARIS, June 17 (AFP)  Bernard Tapie could soon be back in charge of Olympique Marseille, despite having been banned by the Football League after last year's match-rigging scandal.
Roldan, who is closely linked with Gonzalez's long-time Socialist Party administration, absconded in late April after failing to appear in court to answer charges of corruption and illegal stockmarket speculation while in the post from 1986 and 1993.
An autopsy showed the girl died of cyanide poisoning less than an hour after taking the contaminated Josacine antibiotic in liquid form, the spokesman said.
Thousands of anxious parents jammed emergency telephone lines overnight after Bellon recalled all unopened 125, 250 and 500 gramme bottles of liquid Josacine Thursday night in a televised statement.
Hutu militia attack refugee hotel  KIGALI, June 17 (AFP)  About 30 Hutu militiamen on Friday attacked a hotel housing hundreds of Tutsi refugees and sprayed gunfire into the rooms after chasing UN troops away, a UN military spokesman said.
The attack on the Milles Collines hotel by extremist gunmen from the Hutu majority came hours after the mainly Tutsi rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front launched a commando raid and brought some 400 people out of a church where hundreds of people have been killed by Hutus.
The girl, identified only as Pattama, was arrested Thursday in front of a cemetery in Samut Prakarn province shortly after her mother hired a motorcycle taxi to take her to meet a contact, they said.
More releases could soon take place after Palestinian organizations opposed to the peace process agreed to their members signing the oath now a demand that they pledge to support the peace process has been dropped.
"We got the green light from our leaders to sign it because it no longer asks us to support the agreement and we do not consider the jihad (holy war) to be terrorism," said Saed Abu Msameh from the Islamic Resistance Movement HAMAS after he was set free Thursday.
Nobilo knew he could not relax after the eagle.
Officials from Japan and South Korea, which said Thursday it backed the US sanction proposal, contacted their counterparts in Washington after the news of the apparent breakthrough.
"The government has decided to settle on an official position only after the former US president briefs President Kim Young-Sam on the results of his Pyongyang visit," a South Korean presidential spokesman said.
The president had two more sons --Pyong-Il and Yong-Il -- and three daughters by his marriage to Song-Ae. Kim Il-Sung's younger brother, Yong-Ju, also made a comeback last year after 20 years in the political wilderness following a suspected power struggle with the junior Kim, now 52.
Crowe, whose brilliant 133 had put the tourists in the driving seat after a poor start on Thursday, could only add nine runs in 75 minutes before Phillip DeFreitas claimed the wicket England wanted most.
Spokeswoman Dee Dee Myers termed as premature Carter's statements made a day after Pyongyang agreed to allow international inspectors to continue their work on verifying whether North Korea was making nuclear weapons.
Aid ship expected in Djibouti after delays and hitches  GENEVA, June 17 (AFP)  A Canadian ship carrying 935 people fleeing the war in Yemen was due in the African port of Djibouti Friday despite delays caused by bureaucracy and illness.
Several people fell sick during the voyage after the ship left Aden Thursday, and it was found the boat lacked drinking water supplies.
The 935 foreigners and Yemenis were due to enter port Friday morning after their long journey which also got off to a slow start when Aden port authorities refused to allow the ship to leave.
Presidential candidate in Belarus escapes assassination attempt  MINSK, June 17 (AFP)  The interior ministry in Belarus said Friday it was investigating an attack on presidential candidate Alexander Lukashenko who is reported to have escaped injury after his car was shot at as he was leaving a campaign rally.
Friday's meeting was due hours after Hutu militiamen attacked a hotel housing mainly Tutsi refugees in the capital Kigali, spraying gunfire into the rooms after chasing away powerless UN troops, according to a UN military spokesman.
Baid declared southern independence on May 21 four years after the former conservative, tribal North and the Marxist South were merged.
He said after talks with Saudi King Fahd that he was trying to reach agreement on a joint military commission to oversee a truce.
The dead man was the 13th UN peacekeeper killed since Rwanda was plunged into an ethnic bloodbath after the April 6 death of president Juvenal Habyarimana in a plane crash attributed to a rocket attack.
Myers termed as premature Carter's statements to North Korean President Kim Il-Sung on Friday that Washington was willing to suspend its UN sanctions effort after Kim agreed Thursday to allow international inspectors to continue their work on verifying whether North Korea was making nuclear weapons.
Indian troops kill 19 Kashmir Moslem rebels by Izhar Wani  SRINAGAR, India, June 17 (AFP)  Indian troops shot dead 10 suspected Afghan mercenaries in the northern state of Kashmir Friday after killing nine rebels overnight, police said here.
Troops shot dead seven members of the Hizb-ul-Mujahedeen rebel group, after laying siege to a village in a "major operation" in Baramulla district late Thursday.
The US Golf Association relented after the Spaniard wondered how Arnold Palmer and Jack Nicklaus rated such invitations when he did not.
Montgomerie feels the heat Scotland's Colin Montgomerie, a US Open title contender after a first- round 71, has battled record heat to stay competitive.
The Scottish golfer had to be given an intravenous solution after a practice round on Tuesday but managed to avoid that in Thursday's start.
(AFP)     KIGALI: About 30 armed Hutu extremists attacked a hotel housing hundreds  of Tutsi refugees and sprayed gunfire into the rooms after chasing UN troops  away, a UN spokesman said.
The attack came hours after Tutsi rebels launched a  commando raid behind Hutu government lines and brought some 400 refugees out  of a church where hundreds of people have been killed by Hutus.
(AFP)     KOUROU, French Guyana: An Ariane rocket blasted off into space after a  13-day delay, carrying three satellites and putting the European space program  back on its feets after a failed January launch.
They were jailed in October 1992 for the civil offence of "misrepresentation" of goods after insisting on releasing to the market blood stocks they knew might be contaminated with HIV, the virus which can bring on the Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome.
Gaudin, the father of two children who died after receiving transfusions of the contaminated blood, added: "Let us not forget that at that time haemophiliacs could be sure of avoiding contamination (with HIV) through using heated (blood) products."
The Dow Jones Index of 30 leading industrials several minutes after the opening was down 7.29 points (0.19 percent) at 3,804.05 points.
UN soldier killed, Hutu militia storm refugee hotel  KIGALI, June 17 (AFP)  A UN soldier was killed north of Kigali Friday, hours after about 30 Hutu militiamen stormed a hotel in the capital housing hundreds of Tutsi refugees and sprayed gunfire into the rooms, a UN military spokesman said.
The attack on the Milles Collines hotel, in which extremist gunmen from the Hutu majority chased UN troops away, came hours after the mainly Tutsi rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front launched a commando raid to bring some 400 refugees out of a church where hundreds of people have been killed by Hutus.
The dead man was the 13th UN peacekeeper killed since Rwanda was plunged into an ethnic bloodbath after the April 6 death of president Juvenal Habyarimana in a plane crash attributed to a rocket attack.
(reopens)  In a separate attack a workman was killed and two other injured, one critically, in a shoot-out Friday in north Belfast, a few hours after a Catholic taxi driver was murdered, police said.
Investigators used metal detectors Thursday to scour an overgrown field near the Chicago hotel where Simpson checked in hours after the bodies were found.
But according to TV reports, the limo drivers says Simpson was not home when he arrived at 10:45 p.m. (0545 GMT Monday) and that an agitated Simpson got in the limo shortly after 11:00 p.m. The unidentified driver has been interviewed by detectives, a TV program said.
He made no comment before or after the hourlong service.
They will also discuss the economic situation in the CFA franc zone five months after the devaluation of the CFA franc, the currency of several African countries, which is pegged to the French franc.
The parade tradition goes back to 1964, three years after the Berlin Wall was erected.
While the Allied pullout puts the seal on the end of the Cold War and underlines the restoration of German unity, Berliners will watch the troops go with a touch of regret, after coming to see them as an integral part of Berlin life.
Hunt for "House of Horrors" bodies ends at 12  GLOUCESTER, England, June 17 (AFP)  The body search in the "House of Horrors" serial killings officially ended Friday after 114 days and the exhumation of the cadavers of 12 young women.
Link to NATO reflects Russian army worries of isolation By Christopher Boian  MOSCOW, June 17 (AFP)  Russia's move closer to NATO, confirmed Friday after months of hesitation and reversals, reflects the army's fear of exclusion from key military decisions and a new consensus on ties with the West, experts said.
Nujoma wraps up Tunis visit with cooperation accords  TUNIS, June 16 (AFP)  Namibian President Sam Nujoma wound up an official visit to Tunisia on Friday after the two countries sealed two bilateral accords providing for joint cooperation and a joint commission.
Machado was the 13th UN peacekeeper killed since Rwanda was plunged into an ethnic bloodbath after the April 6 death of president Juvenal Habyarimana in a plane crash attributed to a rocket attack.
UN soldier killed, Hutu militia storm refugee hotel  KIGALI, June 17 (AFP)  A UN soldier was killed north of Kigali Friday, hours after about 30 Hutu militiamen stormed a Kigali hotel housing hundreds of Tutsi refugees and sprayed gunfire into the rooms, a UN military spokesman said.
The attack on the Milles Collines hotel, in which extremist gunmen from the Hutu majority chased UN troops away, came hours after the mainly Tutsi rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front launched a commando raid to bring some 400 refugees out of a church where hundreds of people have been killed by Hutus.
Machado was the 13th UN peacekeeper killed since Rwanda was plunged into an ethnic bloodbath after the April 6 death of president Juvenal Habyarimana in a plane crash attributed to a rocket attack.
                    NATO-Russia,5thlead                     600 words around 1515 GMT                     by Graham Brown     MOSCOW:         Moscow's decision to signd a Partnership for                     Peace agreement with NATO after months of                     hesitiation reflects the army's fear of                     exclusion from key military decisions and a new                     consensus on ties with the West, experts say.
White House spokeswoman Dee Dee Myers described as premature Carter's statements to North Korean President Kim Il-Sung on Friday that Washington was suspending its UN sanctions effort after Kim agreed Thursday to allow international inspectors to continue their work on verifying whether North Korea was making nuclear weapons.
Washington began to discuss a sanctions resolution with fellow UN Security Council members this week after the International Atomic Energy Agency reported late last month that it could no longer guarantee North Korea was not diverting plutonium for military purposes.
Aluminium soared in the wake of copper and as dealers said the metal was finally experiencing a turnaround after a long period of oversupply.
The trade house GNI said the next harvest from the Ivory Coast, the most important world producer, was progressing nicely after rains in June.
The price of suger went into a period of consolidation after last week's gains, stabilising above 331 dollars per tonne.
The price of the main oil lifted after weakness in recent weeks.
(new series) Protesters condemn destruction of WWII US-Soviet Friendship Bridge  TORGAU, Germany, June 17 (AFP)  Thursday's dynamiting of Torgau Bridge, dubbed Friendship Bridge after US and Soviet forces first met there to shake hands on the imminent defeat of Nazi Germany in 1945, unleashed a wave of protest Friday from a group hoping to conserve it as an historic monument.
Niedersen explained the famous photo of the bridge handshake came just hours after the Red Army and US forces met up at Strehla, 30 kilometres (20 miles) upriver and that the Allies thenselves had chosen the bridge as the site of their historic handshake as sealing the defeat of the Third Reich.
The price of Brent crude North Sea rose sharply after the OPEC countries announced they would roll-over production till the end of the year at 24.5 million barrels per day.
For the second week running, prices rose sharply after large-scale buying from Chinese industrials.
Elsewhere, Kenyan production, which has dropped after drought conditions, was expected to be higher than earlier predicted.
Ferreira's only anxious moment came after breaking Stoltenberg in the fifth game of the second set.
Police have since been looking for the writer who went into hiding after the warrant was issued.
Increased prices from the Middle East sector (Gibson)  LONDON, June 17 (AFP)  Prices "at last" improved slightly for business out of the Middle East after a long period of rising activity but static rates, London brokers E.A. Gibson said Friday in their weekly review.
First-round leader Tom Watson stood at three-under after 11 holes during the second round of the 1.7 million-dollar event.
Australia's Greg Norman moved into third at two-under par through eight holes, but made bogey after a poor second shot on the ninth.
South Africa's David Frost had four bogeys and a double bogey on the front nine Friday to fall out of contention after an opening-round 72.
Copper continued its rise, lifting 28 dollars to close at 2,446 dollars per tonne -- a 23-month high, after stocks dropped a further 10,350 tonnes to 360,850.
The actual agreement on refugees came Wednesday after three days of UN-sponsored talks in the Norwegian capital, where Guatemalan peace talks were first held in March 1990.
Two goatherders and old woman face shells alone by Maher Chmaytelli  BIR AHMED, Yemen, June 17 (AFP)  The frontline village of Bir Ahmed was deserted Friday except for two men, their grandmother and a handful of animals, after its 5,000 residents fled fighting between rival Yemeni forces.
The attacks came after two people were killed and three critically injured in two attacks in Belfast on Thursday, claimed by rival Protestant and Catholic paramilitary groups.
Mayhew said after two and a half hours of talks that they had made progress on a joint document setting out the basis for future multi- party talks on the province's future.
The nationalist party has promised to provide a response at an unspecified date after the European elections held on June 9.
Operators were short of dollars after having sold the currency strongly this week.
They said the seizure had been carried out on Thursday, a few days after Credit Lyonnais bank had taken a similar step in its own financial dispute with Tapie, who is also a member of parliament.
UN peacekeepers killed as Hutus attack Tutsis in Kigali by Annie Thomas  KIGALI, June 17 (AFP)  A Uruguayan UN peacekeeper was killed and another wounded north of Kigali on Friday after Hutu militiamen drove UN troops out of a hotel before attacking Tutsi refugees sheltering there.
Machado was the 13th UN peacekeeper killed since Rwanda was plunged into an ethnic and political bloodbath after the April 6 death of president Juvenal Habyarimana, whose plane was allegedly shot down.
Hutu miltiamen meanwhile attacked about 400 Tutsis sheltering in a hotel behind government lines hours after rebels rescued about 600 other refugees from a church in an army-held sector where Hutu militiamen had abducted and killed hundreds of Tutsis and opposition supporters.
The rebels accused France, which sent troops to Rwanda after the RPF invaded from neighbouring Uganda in 1990 and again in 1993 when the RPF advanced close to Kigali, of wanting to fight on the government side.
Mannesmann lost 39 marks on the week to end at 407 after charges of questionable operations made against the group chairman.
Dalai Lama welcomes Rome's stance on Tibet after talks with PM  ROME, June 17 (AFP)  Tibet's spiritual leader the Dalai Lama met Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi for "unprecedented" private talks Friday, following a similar meeting with President Oscar Luigi Scalfaro.
GIAT opened an office in Abu Dhabi early this year to oversee its offset projects after it cancelled a contract with the French Offset Partners.
Insurance giant Commercial Union dropped nine pence to 524 after announcing last Friday that it intended to buy French group Victoire for 12.5 billion French francs -- a move to be partly financed by a rights issue.
British Petroleum Co. soared 22.5 pence to 411.5 after the price of Brent crude oil rose above 17 dollars per barrel.
Barclays bank rose 15.5 pence to 561.5 after news that broker Hoare Govette had raised its profit expectations for the bank in 1994 by around 19 percent.
But British Gas dropped 28 pence to 265.5 after publication of a new transportation pricing formula by industry regulator Ofgas which could prevent the company authorising a rise in dividends.
Kurdish deputies ask to stay in Belgium after party banned  BRUSSELS, June 17 (AFP)  Six Turkish deputies from the pro-Kurd Democracy Party (DEP) said Friday in Brussels they wished to stay in Belgium as their own country was not sufficiently democratic.
He described Lubbers, whose government resigned after legislative elections on May 3, as a "competent candidate of good calibre."
The communist-led CGT union had called on the strikers to stay out for 72 hours, following a similar strike last week, after the dock employers' association UNIM refused negotiations over the status of casual employees.
Almost the entire compound went up in flames shortly after the raid began.
But according to TV reports, the limo drivers says Simpson was not home when he arrived at 10:45 p.m. (0545 GMT Monday) and that an agitated Simpson got in the limo shortly after 11:00 p.m. Thursday Simpson attended the funeral for his ex-wife, accompanied by the couple's two children, nine-year-old Sydney and six-year-old Justin.
He made no comment before or after the hourlong service.
He described Lubbers, whose government resigned after legislative elections on May 3, as a "competent candidate of good calibre."
Bolivia's star player Marco Etcheverry, out since last November after rupturing left knee ligaments, was missing from the starting lineup.
Gallucci said US officials would wait to talk to Carter after he leaves Pyongyang on Saturday and hear a full account of his meetings with Kim before getting in touch with the North Koreans.
The rebels rejected a 32-point government peace proposal five days ago after weeks of consultations with their followers but said they would maintain a cease-fire.
(MEXICO CITY) In announcing his resignation as peace negotiator, Camacho pledged to stay out of politics until after the elections, apparently ruling out a maverick bid for the presidency.
But according to TV reports, the limo drivers says Simpson was not home when he arrived at 10:45 p.m. (0545 GMT Monday) and that an agitated Simpson got in the limo shortly after 11:00 p.m. Thursday Simpson attended the funeral for his ex-wife, accompanied by the couple's two children, nine-year-old Sydney and six-year-old Justin.
He made no comment before or after the hourlong service.
A UN trade embargo was imposed on Haiti May 21 after the military ignored a deadline for resigning to make way for Aristide's reinstatement.
First the striker failed to turn quickly enough on Andy Moller's second corner after eight minutes and he then wasted Germany's best chance on 13 minutes.
Sammer forced Trucco to tip a dipping shot from the edge of the penalty area over for a corner after Klinsmann headed a cross down to him.
Germany had picked seven of the side who played in the 1990 World Cup final while Bolivia's star player Marco Etcheverry, out since last November after rupturing left knee ligaments, was missing from the starting lineup.
Ceremonies host Oprah Winfrey slipped off a platform and had to be helped from the stage after she introduced singer Diana Ross.
The blast, which killed the 68-year-old grandfather of one of the contestants, occured in the toilets of the "Universiade" centre in Sofia moments after the contest started, the police said.
Police said it could have been caused deliberately after a row between rival groups wanting to organise the contest or because of rivalry between private protection groups and guards engaged by the participants.
Part of the poll was carried out after Rocard announced Wednesday that he would seek a vote of confidence from the party executive meeting next Sunday.
                    Korea-nuclear-analysis,                     600 words at about 2345 GMT                     by Sue Kendall     LOS ANGELES:    Los Angeles searches for former football great                     O.J. Simpson after failing to surrender on charges                     of murdering his ex-wife and a waiter.
    MOSCOW:         Moscow's decision to signd a Partnership for                     Peace agreement with NATO after months of                     hesitiation reflects the army's fear of                     exclusion from key military decisions and a new                     consensus on ties with the West, experts say.
                    NATO-Russia-analysis                     600 words moved                     by Christopher Boian     KIGALI:         A Uruguayan UN peacekeeper is killed and                     another wounded north of Kigali after Hutu                     militiamen drive UN troops out of a hotel                     before attacking Tutsi refugees sheltering there.
Police search for Simpson after he fails to surrender  LOS ANGELES, June 17 (AFP)  Police said Friday they were actively searching for football star O.J. Simpson who failed to surrender after being charged with the murder of his ex-wife and a male companion.
The blond striker, still looking for a club next season after leaving French side Monaco, advanced to the edge of the penalty area before shooting home.
El Diablo kicked Matthaus on the shin after a two-man German challenge brought him down on the edge of the penalty area and Mexican referee Arturo Brizio Carter did not hesitate in showing him the red card.
He wasted Germany's best chance after only 13 minutes.
Police search for Simpson after he fails to surrender  LOS ANGELES, June 17 (AFP)  Police said Friday they were actively searching for former football great O.J. Simpson who failed to surrender after being charged with the murder of his ex-wife and a male companion.
Gascon said warrants were issued for Simpson's arrest Friday morning after an extensive investigation involving dozens of witnesses and examination of physical evidence.
But according to TV reports, the limo driver says Simpson was not home when he arrived at 10:45 p.m. (0545 GMT Monday) and that an agitated Simpson got in the limo shortly after 11:00 p.m. A woman who jogged by Nicole Simpson's home at about the time of the killings told a detective that a vehicle resembling Simpson's was parked across the street, the Los Angeles Times reported.
He made no comment before or after the hourlong service.
Liekoski said English-based striker Roy Wegerle was available for selection after recovering from knee surgery in March.
Wegerle has been restricted to just 74 minutes' playing time this year after injuring his right knee in early January.
Carter said after a first meeting with Kim on Thursday that North Korea had made new proposals to resolve international concern that Pyongyang was diverting nuclear material for military purposes.
Washington began to discuss a sanctions resolution with fellow UN Security Council members this week after the International Atomic Energy Agency reported late last month that it could no longer guarantee North Korea was not diverting plutonium for military purposes.
(OAKMONT) Palmer was uncomfortable speaking to reporters minutes after the round.
Dollar drops, gold gains ground  NEW YORK, June 17 (AFP)  The dollar fell sharply Friday against major currencies after a prominent economic forecast group predicted the greenback could tumble to 1.50 German marks next year.
At 5:10 p.m. (2110 GMT), the dollar was trading at 1.6100 German marks, down from 1.6327 late Thursday and 102.65 yen from 103.40 after the prediction from the US Conference Board about the US currency.
"I have realised there is life after tennis," he smiled, adding: "And I am enjoying playing much more.
Playing in the Vauxhall Cup this week is also helping to tone me up and I was pleased with my performance against Todd Martin today," he said after narrowly losing an entertaining three-setter to the 6ft 6in (1.98m) American.
Shortly after noon, the royal couple departed from Kennedy International Airport bound for St. Louis, Miss.
Police manhunt for Simpson after he fails to surrender  LOS ANGELES, June 17 (AFP)  Police launched a manhunt Friday for former football great O.J. Simpson who disappeared after being charged with the murder of his ex- wife and a male companion.
Gascon said warrants were issued for Simpson's arrest Friday morning after an extensive investigation involving dozens of witnesses and examination of physical evidence.
But according to TV reports, the limo driver says Simpson was not home when he arrived at 10:45 p.m. (0545 GMT Monday) and that an agitated Simpson got in the limo shortly after 11:00 p.m. A woman who jogged by Nicole Simpson's home at about the time of the killings told a detective that a vehicle resembling Simpson's was parked across the street, the Los Angeles Times reported.
He made no comment before or after the hourlong service.
"I though the goal was offside," Bolivian manager Xabier Azkargorta said after the match.
Etcheverry, who had not played for Bolivia for seven months following knee surgery, was sent off in the 82nd minute -- less than four minutes after replacing William Ramallo.
(CHICAGO) Klinsmann refused to get too excited after scoring the first goal of the 15th World Cup finals.
Eight minutes after the break, Moller was put clean through by former East German Matthias Sammer, but Trucco scooped the ball up before Moller could shoot.
Partial success for Vietnamese PM visit  MOSCOW, June 18 (AFP)  Vietnamese Prime Minister Vo Van Kiet left for home Friday after a visit to Russia which fell short of being a complete success.
Vo Van Kiet spent three days in Russia after visits to Kazakhstan and Ukraine.
Simpson declared a fugitive after murder charges filed  LOS ANGELES, June 17 (AFP)  Football great O.J. Simpson was declared a fugitive Friday after authorities formally charged him with murder in the deaths of his ex- wife and a male companion.
Gascon said warrants were issued for Simpson's arrest Friday morning after an extensive investigation involving dozens of witnesses and examination of physical evidence.
But according to news reports, the driver said Simpson was not home when he arrived at 10:45 p.m. (0545 GMT Monday) and that an agitated Simpson got in the limo shortly after 11:00 p.m. A woman who jogged by Nicole Simpson's home at about the time of the killings told a detective that a vehicle resembling Simpson's was parked across the street, the Los Angeles Times reported.
The likelihood that the Fed will further hike interest rates at the next meeting of its Open Market Committee in July decreased somewhat after Tuesday's news of a modest 0.2 percent rise on the May retail price index, La Varnway said.
The incident occurred in 1991 at Toda near Maradi, 550 kilometres (335 miles) east of here, after a dispute between Hausa farmers and Peulh herders accused of allowing their animals to graze in the farmers' fields.
He said after talks with Saudi King Fahd that he was trying to reach agreement on a joint military commission to oversee a truce.
URGENT  LOS ANGELES, June 17 (AFP)  Football great O.J. Simpson disappeared, leaving a letter saying "I can't go on" after authorities formally charged him Friday with murder in the deaths of his ex-wife and a male companion.
Simpson flees after being charged with murder; leaves letter  LOS ANGELES, June 17 (AFP)  Football great O.J. Simpson disappeared, leaving a letter saying "I can't go on" after authorities formally charged him Friday with murder in the deaths of his ex-wife and a male companion.
The rebels rejected a 32-point government peace proposal after weeks of consultations with their followers but said they would maintain a ceasefire.
In announcing his resignation as peace negotiator, Camacho pledged to stay out of politics until after the elections, apparently ruling out a maverick bid for the presidency.
He said one of the gunmen handed over a photograph of Kim and the other Briton, David Mackie, 36, apparently taken three days after they were seized on June 6, while trekking.
Montgomerie stands at six-under par 136 after two rounds.
He finished second after a late victory run by Faldo in the 1992 British Open.
Nicklaus, 54, made his first PGA cut of the year after a 70, saying, "I feel fortunate to have played this well and justify being here.
First-round leader Tom Watson was among four others at 141 after a 73 Friday.
Australia's Greg Norman lammented missed putts after a second straight 71, saying, "I didn't putt as well as I like.
(new series)(pictures) Simpson on the run after being charged with murder; leaves letter  LOS ANGELES, June 17 (AFP)  Football great O.J. Simpson fled from police Friday and left an emotional letter saying "I can't go on" after authorities charged him with murder in the deaths of his ex-wife and her male friend.
The vaccines came under fire from critics after some volunteers tested positive for the AIDS virus.
A policy committee "recommended that the Institute continue, but not expand, the current vaccine trials of the two GP120 candidates in question" and the institute's director, Anthony Fauci, adopted the recommendation, according to a statement released after a meeting of experts here Friday.
Seo Jung Won equalised for Korea in the last minute after Hong Myung Bo had pulled one back in the 84th.
Andoni Goikoetxea headed in Spain's second in the 55th after Julio Salinas had opened the score five minutes earlier.
Group C Germany 1 (Klinsmann 60) Bolivia 0 H-t: 0-0  (Chicago) Germany: Bodo Illgner, Andreas Brehme, Jurgen Kohler, Lothar Matthaus, Thomas Berthold, Andreas Moller, Thomas Hassler, Matthias Sammer, Stefan Effenberg, Karl-heinz Riedle (Mario Basler 61), Jurgen Klinsmann Bolivia: Carlos Trucco, Marco Antonio Sandy, Miguel Angel Rimba, Gustavo Quinteros, Carlos Borja, Jose Milton Melgar, Vladimir Soria, Luis Cristaldo, William Ramallo (Marco Etcheverry 78), Erwin Sanchez, Julio Cesar Baldivieso (Jaime Moreno 65) Referee: Arturo Brizio Carter (Mexico) Att: 63,117 Bookings Germany: Kohler (6), Moller (54) Bolivia (revised after FIFA correction): Soria (37), Baldivieso (39), Borja (66), Quinteros (89) Sendings-off Bolivia: Etcheverry (82) 
It could mean the end of the line for the party's first secretary, former prime minister Michel Rocard, who is asking for a vote of confidence from the executive after the socialists gained only 14.5 percent of the vote in last Sunday's poll.
Part of the poll was carried out after Rocard announced Wednesday that he would seek a vote of confidence from the executive, and that he should no longer be considered the "natural candidate" for the presidentials.
Delors, who steps down as commission head at the end of the year, has not yet declared an interest in running for the French presidency, and said after the European elections he still considered Rocard to be the natural socialist candidate.
The recall came after an autopsy on the nine-year-old girl, named only as Emilie T., showed she died in Le Havre from a "massive" dose of cyanide within an hour of taking Josacine, France's market leader in antibiotics for children, on June 11.
In the hours after the warning went out, hospital switchboards were blocked and ambulance and emergency services submerged by panic- stricken parents of patients who had been prescribed the drug, frequently given for respiratory ailments.
She was taken ill in the car going home and died shortly after being rushed to hospital.
(pictures) Simpson on the run after being charged with murder; leaves letter  LOS ANGELES, June 17 (AFP)  Football great O.J. Simpson fled from police Friday and left an emotional letter saying "I can't go on" after authorities charged him with murder in the deaths of his ex-wife and her male friend.
A near-total UN trade embargo was imposed on Haiti May 21 after the military ignored a deadline for resigning to make way for Aristide's reinstatement.
(AFP)     LOS ANGELES: Football great O.J. Simpson fled from police and left an  emotional letter saying "I can't go on" after authorities charged him with  murder in the deaths of his ex-wife and her male friend.
The Paris St Germain player, ruled out of the tournament after tearing a hamstring in a friendly with El Salvador on June 12, said: "In 1974, everybody said Brazil would retain the trophy.
However, he has already said he will quit the job after the World Cup finals regardless of what happens.
Most observers would give the Russians little chance of beating Brazil, especially after the political in-fighting on the run-up to the finals.
However, Aleksandr Mostovoy, who plays for Caen in France, has been picked after patching up his differences.
Spain appeared to be on their way to an easy victory after a sizzling five minute spell early in the second half produced goals from Julio Salinas and Andoni Goikoetxea.
For Clemente, his side reduced to only 10 men after captain Miguel Angel Nadal was sent off in the 26th minute for bringing down Korean striker Ko Jeong Woon, the heat proved fatal.
URGENT  LOS ANGELES, June 17 (AFP)  Football great O.J. Simpson was surrounded by police at his Los Angeles estate Friday after fleeing from murder charges in the deaths of his ex-wife and her male friend.
I am sure that he will play the opening game," he said after a training session officially closed to the press and public.
Trimmer than in the recent past, Maradona, sacked by Spanish club Sevilla last season, returns to the national side after a failed comeback with Newell's Old Boys in his native country.
Oscar Ruggeri, the veteran San Lorenzo defender, could also find himself on the sidelines after losing form in recent warm-up games, though his defensive partner Sergio Vasquez looks a certain starter after shaking off a leg injury.
Klinsmann on special offer  CHICAGO, Illinois, June 17 (AFP)  Jurgen Klinsmann, the German striker who is without a club, put himself firmly in the shop window after scoring the opening goal of the World Cup finals.
US ready for ties with North Korea after nuclear row settled report TOKYO, June 18 (AFP) - Former US president Jimmy Carter carried with him to Pyongyang a US proposal for diplomatic ties with North Korea if the nuclear issue was settled, a daily quoting diplomats in Seoul said here Saturday.
Zhang, 28, was convicted of violating aviation laws after forcing the crew of a Xiamen Airlines Boeing 737 with 72 people on board to fly to Taipei on June 24 1993, they said.
Simpson surrounded by police at Los Angeles mansion  LOS ANGELES, June 17 (AFP)  Football great O.J. Simpson was surrounded by police in a car at his Los Angeles estate Friday after fleeing from murder charges in the deaths of his ex-wife and her male friend.
Late Friday, he appeared to be negotiating with police after leading more than a dozen police cars on an hours-long freeway chase covered live on national television.
O.J. Simpson, who kept a high profile through films and television after becoming a superstar playing for the Buffalo Bills, was finally arrested by police in his driveway on charges of murdering his ex-wife and a friend.
Seo Jung Won equalised for Korea in the last minute after Hong Myung Bo had pulled one back.
"El Diablo" kicked Lothar Matthaus on the shin after a two-man German challenge brought him down on the edge of the penalty area and Mexican referee Arturo Brizio Carter did not hesitate in showing him the red card.
Fugitive football star captured after fleeing murder charges  LOS ANGELES, June 17 (AFP)  Police captured football great O.J. Simpson in the driveway of his Los Angeles estate Friday after he fled from murder charges in the deaths of his ex-wife and her male friend, officials said.
Simpson, 46, was arrested after being chased by more than a dozen police cars along the freeways of Los Angeles for 2-1/2 hours in a bizarre climax to the case that was carried live on nationwide television.
China textile factory collpase kills seven, 20 missing  BEIJING, June 18 (AFP)  At least seven people died and 20 were still missing after a large, joint-venture textile factory collapsed in the southern Chinese special economic zone of Zhuhai, local government officials said Saturday.
A large portion of the six-storey Yu Xin Printing and Dyeing factory -- a Sino-Hong Kong joint venture -- collapsed at 2.10pm (0610 GMT) Friday, trapping more than 200 workers clearing up after a fire that had gutted the factory the night before.
He made the statement a day after Kim pledged to allow International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) inspectors to remain at the site of a a five-megawatt reactor, from which plutonium may have beeen extracted for weapons.
Earlier on Saturday, Carter met with South Korean Foreign Minister Han Sung-Joo directly after his return from his four-day personal mediation mission in the North.
Vicious room-to-room fighting erupted when special police units forced their way through barricades after bombarding the building with barriages of tear gas, Yonhap said.
Shiu was among five international students -- including caned American vandal Michael Fay -- who were charged with vandalism after they were arrested after a spate of vandalism attacks on cars in a plush Singapore suburb in September and October last year.
Authorities shifted hundreds of villagers to safer places after their thatched huts were destroyed.
King Norodom Sihanouk had earlier warned that if the talks proved unsuccessful he would not call for any further sessions, after the failure of a previous round of negotiations in North Korea last month.
Mexico, the first side to qualify for USA 94, are back in the finals after being banned from the 1990 tournament for using over-age players in a youth tournament two years earlier.
When Mexico won the Gold Cup last year Campos, top scorer for his club five years ago when playing as a striker, was twice used as an outfield player after the introduction of a substitute goalkeeper.
Milla resumed training Thursday after resting his strained right thigh earlier in the week.
But, Milla, who was added to the squad after the intervention of Cameroon president Paul Biya against the wishes of some players and despite the doubts of Michel, will not start against Sweden.
Though King predicted low scores over the weekend, high temperatures were causing problems for some players, Cindy Rarick, who nearly passed out from the heat after a pro-am on Wednesday, failed to make the cut, as did Sweden's Liselotte Neumann, who had won the LPGA event in Minnesota last week.
(pictures) Simpson arrested on murder charges after bizarre televised chase  LOS ANGELES, June 18 (AFP)  Police arrested former US football great O.J. Simpson at his home here Friday, capping a nationally televised car chase after he fled from murder charges in the deaths of his ex-wife and her male friend.
"I can't express the fear I had that this matter would not end the way it did," Simpson's attorney Robert Shapiro said after his client was taken into custody peacefully.
Simpson had been in the US limelight for more than two decades after setting a single-season rushing record as running back for the Buffalo Bills in 1973.
"We saw, perhaps, the fall of an American hero," Los Angeles District Attorney Gil Garcetti said after the murder charges were filed.
The Kim Il-Sung proposal was conveyed by former US president Jimmy Carter, who crossed from North Korea back into the South earlier Saturday after a four-day visit aimed at defusing the crisis over the North's nuclear program.
He made the statement a day after Kim pledged to allow International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) inspectors to remain at the site of a a five-megawatt reactor, from which plutonium may have beeen extracted for weapons.
The Kim Il-Sung proposal was conveyed by former US president Jimmy Carter, who crossed from North Korea back into the South earlier Saturday after a four-day visit aimed at defusing the crisis over the North's nuclear program.
One of the New Zealand tries was awarded as a penalty try after a head-high tackle on the French line.
Speaking at a press conference after crossing the DMZ into South Korea following four days of talks in the north, Carter said sanctions being pursued by the United States would be "counterproductive."
Hutu militiamen stormed the Mille Collines hotel Friday hours after rebels broke through government lines in a daring pre-dawn raid to rescue about 600 refugees sheltering in a church in an area where Hutu militiamen had abducted and killed hundreds of Tutsis and their supporters.
The militiamen only agreed to leave the hotel after the army's chief of staff personally intervened.
An unspecified number of other casualties were also admitted to the military hospital at Ba-Sahib after a Katyusha rocket attack on the residential area of Tawahi.
Plumes of thick, black smoke hung above a residential destrict close to the harbour after 130mm shells crashed into area Saturday morning.
Northern troops have been advancing slowly but steadily on the southern stronghold of Aden since war erupted on May 5 after months of tension between Saleh and Baid over how to run the country.
Baid declared the creation of the breakaway Yemen Democratic Republic on May 21, four years after the former conservatie North Yemen and the Marxist South were merged.
50 Moslem guerrillas arrested after assassination of Tajik minister  DUSHANBE, June 18 (AFP)  Around 50 Moslem opposition guerrillas have been arrested in a sweep by security forces following the assassination earlier this week of a top Tajikistan defence official, an army general said Saturday.
Baid declared the creation of the breakaway republic on May 21 four years after the former conservative North Yemen and the Marxist South were merged.
King Norodom Sihanouk had earlier warned that if the talks proved unsuccessful he would not call for any further sessions, after the failure of a previous round of negotiations in North Korea last month.
Bowe must meanwhile make a successful comeback after losing the WBA and IBF titles to Evander Holyfield last November and then being beaten by Michael Moorer.
Norman Fowler resigned as party leader earlier this week after the Conservatives' disastrous showing in European Parliament elections and Major is widely expected to carry out a cabinet reshuffle in coming weeks.
Heseltine's outright rejection of the chairmanship came shorlty after former party chairman Kenneth Baker called on Major to appoint Heseltine to be the Tories' "drum major" for the next general election.
The servicemen from Britain, France and the United States began marching down the June 17th Avenue, one of the city's main thoroughfares, shortly after 11:00 a.m. (0900 GMT), in the direction of the Brandenburg Gate, which for 40 years marked the division of Berlin into east and west.
The Avenue is named after the popular uprising against the communist regime on June 17, 1953.
The tradition of inter-Allied parades goes back to 1964, three years after the building of the Berlin Wall.
China textile factory collpase kills 17  BEIJING, June 18 (AFP)  At least 17 people died and 10 were still missing after a large, joint-venture textile factory collapsed in the southern Chinese special economic zone of Zhuhai, a rescue services spokesman said Saturday.
A large portion of the six-storey Yu Xin Printing and Dyeing factory -- a Sino-Hong Kong joint venture -- collapsed at 2:10 p.m. (0610 GMT) Friday, trapping more than 200 workers clearing up after a fire that gutted the factory the night before.
Yang, contacted by telephone, said that of the 158 people hospitalised after the disaster, 101 were still receiving treatment and 15 were said to be in a serious condition.
In Shenzhen alone, 84 died in a blaze at a Hong Kong-funded toy factory last November, three months after 18 people died in an explosion at a dangerous chemicals warehouse in the city.
Farmer found guilty of forcing women to strip  GWERU, Zimbabwe, June 18 (AFP)  A white Zimbabwean farmer and former member of parliament was found guilty Friday of ordering several women and children to strip after they had been caught stealing firewood on his farm, a local newspaper reported Saturday.
Elsworth denied the charge, saying he ordered that the women and children leave an item of clothing which they could collect the next day after paying a fine.
Elsworth, who was born in Zimbabwe, was a pro-government MP from 1982 to 1990 after breaking with former Rhodesian prime minister Ian Smith.
His conviction comes against a background of heightened racial tension in Zimbabwe, with Mugabe and Vice-President Joshua Nkomo regularly attacking whites for racism and failing to become assimilated as true Zimbabweans 14 years after independence and the end of white-minority rule.
The visit is aimed at continuing discussions to normalise ties five years after the end of the 1980-1988 Iran-Iraq war.
Talks resumed last October after they were broken in the wake of the Gulf war.
His appointment was announced a day after the Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC) called on the military junta to resign, in an apparent show of support for Abiola.
Redman's visit comes the day after members of an international contact group met in London to discuss a proposed carve-up of Bosnian territory between the Serbs and the now agreed Moslem-Croatian federation, which Tudjman publicly backed recently on a symbolic visit to Sarajevo.
Police arrested 100 students after rescuing the captured officers in a three-hour operation during which students fought back with fire bombs, rocks and steel pipes, the news agency said.
Baid declared Aden the capital of the Yemen Democratic Republic on May 21, four years after the former conservative North Yemen and the Marxist South were merged.
Brahimi did not confirm Saturday whether negotiations would go ahead, after saying on his arrival in Cairo that talks could take place Sunday if Sanaa agreed.
Baid declared the creation of the republic on May 21, four years after the former conservative North Yemen and the Marxist South were merged.
The wave of violence is troubling to residents of this colorful neighborhood that was developed in the 1920s and named after the Italian city of canals.
Leave the kids alone," said a mother whose 14-year old son was wounded in the face by a stray bullet during one of the shooting incidents Friday, as he was heading home after a game of baseball.
The administration of President Bill Clinton has been considering a number of military options after Phnom Penh asked for military aid, but no decision has been made, a State Department spokesman said.
Amid growing alarm over the food situation in Rwanda after weeks of ethnic bloodshed which has left at least 200,000 dead, UN Assistance Mission in Rwanda (UNAMIR) spokesman Pierre Mehu said Kigali airport would be reopened Monday for humanitarian flights.
Hick, perpetually under the microscope, gained confidence after a nervy start to reach 25.
Bar-owners were crying foul after many of them had installed outsize television screens to enable their patrons to follow their team's progress in the world football championship.
The servicemen from Britain, France and the United States began marching down the June 17th Avenue, one of the city's main thoroughfares, shortly after 11:00 a.m. (0900 GMT), in the direction of the Brandenburg Gate, which for more than 40 years marked the division of Berlin into east and west.
The Avenue is named after the popular uprising against the communist regime on June 17, 1953.
The tradition of inter-Allied parades goes back to 1964, three years after the building of the Berlin Wall.
(AFP)     LOS ANGELES: Police arrested former US football great O.J. Simpson at his  home here Friday, capping a nationally televised car chase after he fled from  murder charges over the deaths of his ex-wife and her male friend.
Yamasaki arrived in Beijing on Saturday after holding talks on the nuclear issue in North Korea with leaders of the Workers' Party, the Kyodo News Serivce said.
Baid declared the creation of the republic on May 21, four years after the former conservative North Yemen and the Marxist South were merged.
Carter returned to Seoul on Saturday after four days of talks with North Korean leaders on an impasse over Pyongyang's refusal to allow international nuclear inspections of its nuclear facilities.
Austin, who first quit the women's Tour in 1984 after chronic neck and back problems, has been replaced in the draw by lucky loser Tessa Price, of South Africa.
Other notable players who missed the cut included England's Nick Faldo, Spain's Jose Maria Olazabal and 1993 Open winner Lee Janzen, the fiftth reigning champion in six years to bow out after 36 holes.
6 "I guess I will have to be satisfied with the memories I have," Ferrari said after his final-round 79.
Simpson, jailed for a double murder                     after a nationally-televised car chase on                     Los Angeles' freeways.
                    by Andres Birukoff     BHAMDOUN,     Lebanon:        Thousands of Lebanese soldiers                     help Christian refugees return home                     11 years after they were driven out in                     a mass exodus during fierce clashes                     with Druze militiamen.
Redman's visit to the Bosnian capital came a day after members of an international contact group met in London to discuss a proposed carve- up of Bosnian territory between the Serbs and the Moslem-Croatian federation, which Tudjman publicly backed recently on a symbolic visit to Sarajevo.
US diplomatic sources said Secretary of State Warren Christopher was scheduled to arrive in Switzerland on Wednesday afternoon after attending Russia's signing of the NATO Partnership for Peace in Brussels.
He said the statement had been drawn up after consulting RPF officials in Rwanda.
The Americans left English-based striker Roy Wegerle out of the starting lineup after his recovery from knee surgery in March, while midfielder Claudio Reyna was passed over because of hamstring trouble.
(picture) Army helps Christians end 11-year exile from mountain homes by Salim Yassine  BHAMDOUN, Lebanon, June 18 (AFP)  Thousands of Lebanese soldiers deployed Saturday to help Christians return home 11 years after they were driven out in a mass exodus during fierce clashes with Druze militiamen.
Els was disappointed after a second-round 71 Friday.
The French minister said after meeting Senegalese President Abdou Diouf that Senegal backed the French intervention plan and was ready to provide soldiers.
Samper also accused his rival of engaging in a Colombian "Watergate" after the Liberals discovered hidden microphones in Samper's private offices.
Popov, whose previous personal best over the distance was 48.93, had signalled he was ready to threaten the record after swimming a best- of-the-year 22.28secs over 50m in Barcelona earlier in the week.
The 23-year-old is fighting back after being sidelined for almost a year with a pinched nerve in her hip, which at one stage threatened her career.
In Paris thousands of men and women walked from the Place de la Republique to the Place de la Nation to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the revolt of the gay community in New York in June 1969 after a police raid on a gay bar there.
The world "can no longer leave the world's evolution just to monetary regulations," and many of the institutions created after the second world war were no longer adapted to development needs.
Veteran midfielder Georges Bregy gave Switzerland the lead when he swerved a right-footed kick into the top of the net after Alain Sutter had been fouled on the edge of the penalty area by Thomas Dooley.
Central defender Dominique Herr was booked by Argentinian referee Francisco Lamolina after fouling US striker Ernie Stewart in the 27th minute.
The evacuations went ahead after both sides agreed to a truce following violent exchanges in the morning.
The raid took place shortly after rebels from the Tutsi-dominated Rwanda Patriotic Front attacked the nearby Sainte-Famille church, evacuating from it 600 people under cover of darkness.
Shelling killed three civilians and wounded 26 more in the Aden area on Saturday, hospital sources said after reporting a total of 51 civilians killed and 135 wounded Thursday and Friday.
Baid declared the creation of the republic on May 21, four years after the former conservative North Yemen and the Marxist South were merged.
The victory came less than 24 hours after his fellow professionals voted him their newcomer of the year at the inaugural ATP Tour awards dinner in London.
I've been close before and hopefully winning will become easier after this."
The jamming also came after Iranian state television announced it would broadcast the World Cup live from the United States in a bid to compete with the increasingly popular satellite programs.
The German chancellor had also suggested Yeltsin devote his speech, after the visit to the reunification memorial, to future Germano- Russian relations.
USA replaced Wynalda with English-based striker Roy Wegerle 12 minutes after the interval and brought on dreadlocked Cobi Jones for Ernie Stewart with 10 minutes left.
Central defender Dominique Herr was booked by Argentinian referee Francisco Lamolina after fouling US striker Ernie Stewart in the 27th minute and substitute Nestor Subiat was given Switzerland's second yellow nearing the end.
"Although we understand and are sympathetic to Mary's reasons, everyone will be extremely disappointed not to have the opportunity of seeing Mary at the Championships this year, particularly after her successes at Roland Garros.
Juppe said after meeting Senegalese President Abdou Diouf that Senegal backed the French intervention plan and was ready to provide soldiers.
Simpson was taken into custody at his home on charges of first-degree murder late Friday after leading police cars and press helicopters on a 50-mile ride over Los Angeles' freeways that held the country spellbound.
"O.J Simpson Surrenders after Freeway Drama," was the banner headline across the top of the Washington Post, which devoted the top half of the front page to the story.
""I've had an allergic reaction to something I ate and I wasn't sure I would be able to play today," said Wynalda, who was replaced by Roy Wegerle 12 minutes after halftime.
Shaath, speaking after talks with 40 Palestinian businessmen, added that he planned to visit the autonomous Jericho area on Sunday.
Even in that brief spell he avoided all ball contact with his left foot, still painfully bruised after he was stamped on at the weekend by veteran defender Oscar Ruggeri.
The tendon strain to his right leg recurred after training on Friday on th e hard pitch at Babson college here and Basile has ruled him out.
That gave the Kiwis, 1-0 down in the series, a 195-run first innings lead, England just saving the follow-on after a nightmare start.
Graeme Hick fell for 58 after adding 92 with White, while wicketkeeper Steve Rhodes made a vital 32 not out.
Hick also counter-attaced although he was content to play the supporting act and it was a surprise -- even after White's unfortunate dismissal -- when he skied a catch to short third man off a leading edge off Chris Pringle.
Phil DeFreitas looked disgusted to be given out caught at the wicket as he swept at Thomson in the second over after tea and after that it was simply a question of whether England's tail could stick with Rhodes until the follow-on figure of 277 was reached.
Atherton later confronted third umpire Roy Palmer to ask him how he reached his run-out verdict against White after square-leg umpire Steve Bucknor asked for help to make the decision.
Juppe said after meeting Senegalese President Abdou Diouf that Senegal backed the French intervention plan and was ready to provide soldiers.
"We are not yet at the stage where we have proposals to make, but we are working hard on that process," Redman told reporters after his talks with Tudjman.
Three of the militants were arrested and accused of belonging to the fundamentalist Al-Islah party allied with northern President Ali Abdallah Saleh after the clash with the ruling Yemen Socialist Party (YSP) men, they said.
The three men, including one who was in tears, said they were "simple citizens" tasked with looking after the work site and were not involved in the clash, Yemeni journalists said.
Wynalda, 25, later revealed that he had been in doubt to play after a severe allergy.
"I've had an allergic reaction to something I ate and I wasn't sure I would be able to play today," said Wynalda, who was replaced by English-based Roy Wegerle 12 minutes after halftime.
The Swiss were disappointed at coming away with only one point after dominating much of the match with Alain Sutter, Ciriaco Sforza and Bregy displaying silky touches in midfield.
Watching the leaders was Ian Woosnam, who surprisingly turned up at the La Moye clubhouse by lunchtime after missing the cut at the US Open the night before.
Watkinson in all-round star show  LONDON, June 18 (AFP)  Lancashire all-rounder and captain Mike Watkinson hit a fine ton at Old Trafford against Hampshire here on Saturday -- just a day after taking a career-bests eight wickets for 30.
LE MANS, France, June 18 (AfP)  Leading positions after six hours of the Le Mans 24 hour endurance classic: 1.
US officials intend to explore the North Korean assurances through diplomatic channels after discussing them with Carter, Myers said.
Formula One driver Irvine, with teammates Mauro Martini of Italy and Jeff Krosnoff, carved out a 46sec lead in their Toyota turbo after 88 laps as night began to fall.
Race veteran Henri Pescarolo, sharing his Courage Porsche C32 LM with fellow Frenchmen Alain Ferte and Frank Lagorce and who started from pole, was almost four minutes off the pace after six hours.
Simpson was taken into custody at his home on charges of first-degree murder late Friday after leading police cars and press helicopters on a 50-mile ride down Los Angeles' freeways that held the country spellbound.
Saturday afternoon Los Angeles Police Department Chief Willie Williams defended police actions that allowed Simpson to remain free and not under surveillance after initial police interrogations.
The spokesman mentioned no casualties but at Aden's al-Jumhuriya hospital, a source said at least 10 people had been wounded in the Sheikh Othman district in the city's northern suburbs after one of the three missiles exploded near the ground.
                    by Andres Birukoff     BHAMDOUN,     Lebanon:        Thousands of Lebanese soldiers                     help Christian refugees return home                     11 years after they were driven out in                     a mass exodus during fierce clashes                     with Druze militiamen.
The Vatican recently exchanged ambassadors with Israel after formally recognizing the state.
    ROCHESTER, New York, June 18 (AFP) - Leading and selected scores after the  third round of the women's Rochester International here on Saturday (US unless  stated):     206 - Patty Sheehan 67-72-67, Kristi Albers 69-68-69, Michele Redman  68-67-71, Betsy King 66-68-72     207 - Barb Bunkowsy (Canada) 72-67-68, Dawn Coe-Jones 69-67-71, Lisa  Kiggens 67-69-71     208 - Dottie Mochrie 69-70-69, Nancy Ramsbottom 68-71-69     209 - Helen Alfredsson (Sweden) 69-70-70     Selected     210 - Marta Figueras-Dotti (Spain) 69-72-69     211 - Alicia Dibos (Peru) 70-71-70     212 - Jan Stephenson (Australia) 72-68-72     213 - Sally Little (S Africa) 74-69-70     216 - Pam Wright (GB) 71-71-74     218 - Anne-Marie Palli (France) 76-69-73, Tania Abitbol (Spain) 71-71-76     219 - Jane Crafter (Australia) 74-71-74     str94 
The gunmen fled after the shooting, the latest in a series of violent incidents in Northern Ireland in recent days between Catholic armed groups seeking a united Ireland and Protestants loyal to British rule over the province.
Hospital sources said 25 people were injured, 15 of them staff and patients at the as-Sadaqa hospital in the Sheikh Osman district of northern Aden after one of the missiles blew up near the ground.
I was in a dream but it was no dream after we got the win."
The Lear jet crashed into a heavily wooded area near a runway at Dulles International Airport after missing one approach and attempting to land a second time, said Carl Vogt, chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB).
Five people died on the spot and a sixth after admission to hospital.
The gunmen fled after the shooting, the latest in a series of violent incidents in Northern Ireland in the past three days between Catholic armed groups seeking a united Ireland and Protestants loyal to British rule over the province.
He was eight strokes off the pace after round one.
The last comeback greater was in 1955 when Jack Fleck rallied from nine strokes down after an opening 76 to edge Ben Hogan by a stroke.
Agriculture ministers gear for marathon prices session  BRUSSELS, June 19 (AFP)  European Union agriculture ministers sit down here on Monday to set farm prices for the 1994-1995 season, at what promises to be a gruelling session after repeated failure to reach agreement.
He floated a 40 metre lob from the left touchline into the far corner of Oscar Cordoba's goal for a 34th minute second goal after putting Florin Raducioiu through for his 15th minute opener.
Raducioiu, surplus to European champions AC Milan's needs last season, showed he had lost none of his devastating finishing ability to curl a shot around Cordoba after running on to Hagi's defence-splitting through ball.
Romania's well-organised defence was never really pulled out of position by Colombia's short passing game which was too often one- paced and Hagi began to run things after the first 25 minutes of Colombian pressure in the Group A game.
Italians put rotten tomatoes on stand-by by Angus MacKinnon  NEW YORK, June 18 (AFP)  Italy are facing their most humiliating World Cup exit since losing to North Korea in 1966 after being floored by a magnificent Irish display at Giants Stadium on Saturday.
"Their goal made things difficult for us but we played better in the second half after we switched to a 4-3-3 formation.
John Sheridan should have wrapped up the match in the 73rd minute after Roy Keane's burst on the left but, with only the Italian goalkeeper to beat, sent his shot crashing against the bar.
Six minutes after Houghton's 25-yard snapshot caught Pagliuca off his line, Tommy Coyne found himself free in the box only to be let down by his first touch.
But the best of them went begging when Roberto Donadoni fired his free shot high from just inside the box and after that the Irish looked more likely to score, particularly after the lively McAteer replaced Houghton for the last 20 minutes.
Hagi, Romania's captain, floated a 40 metre lob from the left touchline into the far corner of Oscar Cordoba's goal for a 34th minute second goal after putting Raducioiu through for his 15th minute opener in the Group A game at Pasadena's Rose Bowl.
The striker, surplus to European champions AC Milan's needs last season, had already shown he had lost none of his devastating finishing ability by giving Romania the lead when he curled a shot around Cordoba after running on to Hagi's defence-splitting through ball.
Romania's well-organised defence was never really pulled out of position by Colombia's short passing game which was too often one- paced and Hagi began to run things after the first 25 minutes of Colombian pressure.
But after twisting past Prodan he collapsed in a heap when challenged by Ionut Lupescu.
From what proved to be their last opening Rincon shot wildly over after Asprilla had been brought down on the edge of the area.
LOS ANGELES, California, June 18 (AFP)  Goalscorers in the 1994 World Cup after Saturday's matches 2: Florin Raducioiu (Romania) 1: Georges Bregy (Switzerland), Andoni Goikoetxea (Spain), Hong Myung Bo (South Korea), Julio Salinas (Spain), Jurgen Klinsmann (Germany), Seo Jung Won (South Korea), Eric Wynalda (USA), Ray Houghton (Ireland), Gheorghe Hagi (Romania), Adolfo Valencia (Colombia) bdb 
Spain's World Cup nightmare continues by Erskine McCullough  DALLAS, Texas, June 18 (AFP)  Spain slinked out of Dallas after their surprise draw with South Korea, haunted by the nightmare that their World Cup failure continues.
Controversial coach Javier Clemente, brought in after failure in Italy in 1990 when they were sent packing by Yugoslavia, was convinced his side's opening Group C match on Friday against South Korea would be a stroll.
Despite being reduced to 10 men when captain and sweeper Miguel Nadal was sent off after 25 minutes, Spain took a two-goal lead early in the second half through the magic of Julio Salinas, who scored one and created the second.
Barbados prime minister calls early elections  BRIDGETOWN, June 18 (AFP) Barbados' prime minister on Saturday called a general election a year and a half before he had to, after suffering a vote of no confidence in parliament.
Out of the 48 cars that started the race 29 were left, with veteran Henri Pescarolo's Courage Porsche C32 LM one of those that dropped out after a piston broke.
The Paris St Germain player, ruled out of the tournament after tearing a hamstring in a friendly with El Salvador on June 12, said: "We have been favourites in the last three tournaments and paid the price for being over confident:no one believes he will miss their opening Group B match against Russia at Stanford Stadium."
LE MANS, France, June 19 (AfP)  Leading positions after 12 hours of the Le Mans 24 hour endurance classic: 1.
On Monday, when the Simpson story first broke, boxing's Tyson lost a bid to be released from prison after serving 26 months of a six-year sentence for the 1991 rape of an 18-year-old beauty pageant contestant.
Monday also saw the announcement that the 18-year Capriati would enter a drug-counseling program to settle a misdemeanor charge of marijuana possession filed after her arrest at a Florida motel on May 16.
The list goes on: Los Angeles Dodgers baseball star Darryl Strawberry was placed on a reserve list this year after being treated for drug abuse and being accused of wife-beating.
Peristent reports of wife beating made no dent in the popularity of Simpson, who turned to television and movies after hanging up his boots in 1979.
Wilson never regained his health, dying in 1924 after his physical and mental state had deteriorated drastically.
Legislators have called for temporary measures to ease the shortage of spaces, but the government said action would be taken only after a parking demand study was completed by 1995.
 Five people died on the spot and a sixth after admission to hospital.
When Devika Rani died at the age of 86 on March 9, a year after Stetoslav, Poonacha wept profusely, saying she had lost her parents and produced a will supposedly signed by the actress four days before her death.
Five people died on the spot and a sixth after admission to hospital.
The gunmen fled after the shooting, the latest in a series of violent incidents in Northern Ireland in the past three days between Catholic armed groups seeking a united Ireland and Protestants loyal to British rule over the province.
Joe Hendron, Social Democratic and Labour Party MP for Belfast West, commented after the Loughinisland massacre, "I sort of felt that the UVF would take some easy target in some part of Northern Ireland."
It was the second-biggest loss in Braves history, after their 19-0 loss to Montreal on July 30, 1978.
However, although the Colombians created openings after the break they were unable to trouble Stelea, their problems highlighted by Faustino Asprilla dragging a shot wide of the far post when given a sight of goal.
The bus, which was travelling south of Bogota between Dolores and Alpujarra, crashed after the driver lost control, said police quoted in radio reports.
The agreement was reached after a six-hour meeting between management and the PAL Employees Association (PALEA) on Saturday in a bid to head off another crippling strike that could sink the financially troubled firm further into the red.
The statement said the strike was averted after management and the union agreed to an economic package for PALEA members that amounted to some one billion pesos (37.04 million dollars) and a signing bonus of at least 7,800 pesos (289 dollars) for each individual.
PAL suffered substantial losses in 1993 after posting profits of one billion pesos (37 million dollars) in 1992.
The government released a white paper on the issue Thursday, just two weeks short of the deadline imposed earlier this year after Washington labelled China one of the worst violators of US copyrights, along with Argentina and India.
Singapore is currently the third largest foreign investor in Vietnam after Taiwan and Hong Kong, with much of the money tied up in property joint ventures.
PIn Seoul, some 2,500 riot police took 74 students into custody Sunday after raiding a foreign language college and Hanyang University, a hotbed of anti-government movements, police said.
Wu Lihong, Hu Zhihan and Yu Aijun were executed after the Hangzhou intermediate people's court announced the provincial higher court had approved their death sentence for the murders that have seriously soured relations between China and Taiwan, the agency said.
The intermediate court sentenced the trio to death one week ago after finding them guilty of theft and the murder of the tourists and eight Chinese crew during a boat trip on Qiandao Lake on March 31.
Negotiations between the two neighbours were suspended after the February 25 massacre in Hebron.
Fifty bodies removed from church by Annie Thomas  KIGALI, June 19 (AFP)  Around 50 bodies were pulled out of the Sainte-Famille church in Kigali, a refuge for hundreds of displaced Rwandans, UN sources said Sunday after another night of violent clashes between government and rebel forces.
Fighting erupted on May 5 after the two failed to agree on sharing power in united Yemen -- the product of a 1990 merger between the former Marxist South Yemen and tribal and conservative North Yemen.
Fifty bodies removed from church amid continued fighting by Annie Thomas  KIGALI, June 19 (AFP)  Around 50 bodies were pulled out of the Sainte-Famille church in Kigali, a refuge for hundreds of displaced Rwandans, UN sources said Sunday, after another night of violent clashes between government and Tutsi rebel forces.
The raid came after some 60 youths were abducted and presumed killed by Hutu militia.
LE MANS, France, June 19 (AfP)  Leading positions after 19 hours of the Le Mans 24 hour endurance classic: 1.
Shelling killed three civilians and wounded 26 more in the Aden area on Saturday, hospital sources said after reporting a total of 51 civilians killed and 135 wounded Thursday and Friday.
"Let's wait and see the process of preparations for the summit," presidential spokesman Choo Don-Shik said Saturday after disclosing that president Kim Young Sam had accepted the invitation carried by Carter.
China's official Xinhua news agency said Wu Lihong, Hu Zhihan and Yu Aijun were executed Sunday morning after the local intermediate people's court announced that the provincial higher court had approved their death sentence.
The intermediate court sentenced the trio to death a week earlier after finding them guilty of theft and the murder of the 32 people during a boat trip on scenic Qiandao Lake in eastern Zhejiang province.
Arab fund builds emergency reserve by Nadim Kawash  ABU DHABI, June 19 (AFP)  The Arab League's main financial institution is building an emergency reserve to face fund shortages after it was rocked by a major embezzlement operation and arrears by Iraq and other members.
But lending activity sharply slowed down after the 1990-1991 Gulf war before it came to a standstill in 1994 due to accumulating arrears.
The six-storey Yu Xin Printing and Dyeing factory -- a Sino-Hong Kong joint venture -- collapsed Friday, trapping more than 200 workers clearing up after a fire the night before.
In Shenzhen, 84 died in a blaze at a Hong Kong-funded toy factory in November 1993, three months after 18 people died in an explosion at a chemicals warehouse in the city.
"This is a very happy moment for me," he added, after returning to Gaza last week.
    June 19 (AFP) - The 1000 GMT news agenda:                     Duty editor: Sarah Shard                     Tel Paris (33-1) 40.41.46.36     KIGALI:         Fifty bodies are pulled out of a church                     where 1,500 refugees had been sheltering                     in central Kigali after a night of extremely                     fierce fighting, a UN military spokesman says.
Benazzi, a stalwart of the tourists' back row, was still angry after their hard-fought 33-25 victory over a New Zealand XV at Wanganui on Saturday.
Delegates were sent after Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak told Saleh in a telephone call of the need for a ceasefire.
And Christopher Gorringe, the All England Club Chief executive, said: "Everyone will be extremely disappointed not to have the opportunity of seeing Mary this year, particularly after her success at Roland Garros.
Turnout was said to be very slow, with parliamentary president Jozef Oleksy the only national political figure reported to have voted by midday, some four hours after polling stations opened.
In Gorzow in the west, 90,000 ballots had to be verified and the local prosecutor opened an enquiry after some false voting cards were found Saturday.
Artillery attacks which followed killed nine people and wounded 56 on Sunday, hospital sources said after reporting a total of 51 civilians killed and 135 wounded Thursday and Friday, and three killed on Saturday.
Delegates were sent after Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak told Saleh in a telephone call of the need for a ceasefire.
Sanaa sent delegates here after Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak told Saleh in a telephone call of the need for a ceasefire.
The 9-6, 9-5, 7-9, 10-8 win was Martin's third successive Hong Kong title and came after victories in the Malaysian Open -- where she also beat Jackman -- and in Japan in the last three weeks.
The gunmen fled after the shooting, the latest in a series of violent incidents in Northern Ireland between Catholic armed groups seeking a united Ireland and Protestants loyal to British rule over the province.
The UVF had already claimed responsibility for the assassination overnight Thursday of a 27-year-old taxi driver, killed a few hours after an attack in Belfast by the outlawed Irish National Liberation Army (INLA) in which two people were killed.
Laurent Fabius, whom Rocard ousted as party leader after the Socialists performed badly in the March 1993 general election, has already publicly backed European Commission President Jacques Delors as being "best placed" to enter the race for the Elysee Palace.
Delors has not declared an interest in running for the presidency, and said after the Socialists' defeat last week that he considered Rocard their natural candidate.
In central Hunan province, floods in the past week have killed 120 people after the Xiangjiang River burst its bank, television news said.
Japan and the United States resumed working-level framework talks this month after negotiations had been suspended since February.
Strike paralyses Kashmir, troops injure 50 protestors  SRINAGAR, India, June 19 (AFP)  A strike on paralysed the Indian state of Kashmir Sunday, a day after some 50 people were injured when border guards fired on a crowd protesting the deaths of two militants, police said here.
Sunday's protest came after the Border Security Force (BSF) fired on hundreds of demonstrators who defied a curfew to protest the death of two rebels in the district of Pulwama late Saturday, witnesses said.
Savimbi, whose National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA) renewed its fight against the Angolan authorities after it rejected the result of elections last year, met Beye and the three observers at his stronghold of Huambo on Saturday, the agency said.
The French decision to commit troops came after a meeting of senior officials, including Prime Minister Edouard Balladur and presidential and defence ministry staff, at the prime ministerial residence Le Matignon.
Kiwis rally after DeFreitas burst  LONDON, June 19 (AFP)  England paceman Phillip DeFreitas rocked New Zealand with a lethal new ball spell on the fourth morning of the second Test at Lord's here on Sunday.
New Zealand began their second innings this morning after dismissing England for 281 Saturday night but DeFreitas struck in only the fourth over of the day.
   Sunday, June 19 (since 0300 GMT)     KIGALI: Around 50 bodies were pulled out of the Sainte-Famille church in  Kigali, a refuge for hundreds of displaced Rwandans after another night of  violent clashes between government and Tutsi rebel forces, UN sources said.
In central  Hunan province, floods in the past week have killed 120 people after the  Xiangjiang River burst its bank, television news said.
About 2,300 conductors, track workers and motormen struck after midnight Friday when talks in the two-and-a-half year dispute broke down.
Yet everything seemed to be going Toyota's way on Sunday morning, when Irvine's car had a near-lap lead over his pursuers and a second Japanese victory, after Mazda's in 1991, seemed on the cards.
The cabinet issued a statement after the weekly meeting saying the move followed UN security resolution 919 in May after the election of President Nelson Mandela.
Israel imposed the embargo in March 1987, banning all military cooperation with Pretoria under pressure from the United States after years of close ties, particularly in the 1970s.
MICHAEL STICH (Germany x2) Age 25, Height 6ft 4in (1m92), right-handed Grand Slam singles titles (1): Wimbledon 1991 Turned professional relatively late (1988), after looking more likely to become a professional footballer.
Samper also accused his rival of engaging in a Colombian "Watergate" after the Liberals discovered hidden microphones in Samper's private offices.
reopens (LONDON) Bryan Young reached tea on 93 after hitting 15 boundaries as New Zealand reached 168 for four, giving them a lead of 363.
The Kiwis looked set to bat on after the break before a declaration.
It was the German's 15th career title and the perfect preparation for the Grand Slam event in England this week -- especially after he had been knocked out of the Roland Garros event in the jsecond round..
(new series)  LE MANS, France, June 19 (AfP)  Final positions after the Le Mans 24 hour endurance classic: 1.
The rest will be returned intact after analysis to establish their authenticity and levels of arsenic present, Snibbe said.
She put the lock in a box with a written note: "Napoleon's hair cut myself from his head, May 5, 1821, on St. Helena six hours after his death."
Somali factions sign agreement to strengthen ceasefire  NAIROBI, June 19 (AFP)  Nineteen Somali clan leaders in the lower Juba region supporting two main warring factions in the area signed a nine-point peace pact in southern Somalia after a three-week peace conference at the port of Kismayu, a UN source said here on Sunday.
The two leaders were cheered when they shook hands and hugged one another after the signing ceremony, which was preceded by a peace march by residents of the area.
Chaperon also reported that a Danish UN medical team, due to travel from Sarajevo to Gorazde, has been stuck in between for five days at the Serb-held town of Rogatica after refusing to submit to Serb searches of their equipment.
The president's southern rival Ali Salem al-Baid declared the breakaway Yemen Democratic Republic two weeks later, ending four years of unity after former conservative North and Marxist South Yemen were merged.
URGENT  PARIS, June 19 (AFP)  Michel Rocard resigned Sunday as head of France's opposition Socialist Party, a week after its dismal showing in the European Parliament elections.
Abdallah al-Asnaj, appointed foreign minister of breakaway south Yemen, said after meeting Brahimi: "There is no sense in reactivating an old military commission that failed to accomplish its mission to prevent simple clashes in camps, while the war has now broadened."
Mohamed is not on the list of 16 southern leaders which Sanaa refuses to deal with, accusing them of being traitors after the declaration of the breakaway Yemen Democratic Republic on May 21.
French Socialist Party leader resigns  PARIS, June 19 (AFP)  Michel Rocard resigned Sunday as leader of France's opposition Socialist Party, a week after its dismal showing in the European Parliament elections.
Rocard, a 63-year-old former prime minister, stepped down after losing a vote of confidence at a meeting of the party's executive committee.
Etcheverry and Nadal banned for two games  DALLAS, Texas, June 19 (AFP)  Bolivian star Marco Etcheverry may have finished his World Cup after FIFA suspended him for two matches on Sunday.
If Bolivia fail to qualify for the second round then Etcheverry's 1994 World Cup will have been limited to the four minutes he played when he came on as a substitute after a seven-month injury lay-off.
French Socialist Party leader resigns  PARIS, June 19 (AFP)  Michel Rocard resigned Sunday as leader of France's opposition Socialist Party, a week after its dismal showing in the European Parliament elections.
Rocard, a 63-year-old former prime minister, stepped down after losing a vote of confidence at a meeting of the party's executive committee.
Rocard had taken over the party leadership from Laurent Fabius in March 1993 after the Socialists were voted out of power at the hands of conservatives led by Edouard Balladur.
Grand rabbi of France re-elected  PARIS, June 19 (AFP)  Joseph Sitruk was re-elected Grand Rabbi of France Sunday after a heated campaign that saw him criticized as too conservative.
The day after elections to the European Parliament last Sunday, Berlusconi, who saw Forza Italia win a convincing 30.6 percent of the votes, called on the three governing parties to merge.
Bossi also rejected criticism of his leadership after the League scored just 6.6 percent of the votes in the European elections.
The five men were attacked just after midnight as they were leaving a cafe in Potsdam.
"There may be an opening here," he said after Carter briefed the White House and President Bill Clinton on proposals made to him in Pyongyang by North Korean leader Kim Il-Sung.
Degryse gives Belgium early lead  ORLANDO, Florida, June 19 (AFP)  Marc Degryse struck with a headed goal after 10 minutes to give Belgium a 1-0 half-time lead over Morocco in their World Cup Group F opener here on Sunday.
Weber, the Croatian-born striker granted Belgian citizenship in March, was making his World Cup debut after nine goals in his first three outings for the national side.
Preud'homme had to be at his sharpest to push a shot round the post after 23 minutes while the Belgians were fortunate soon afterwards when there was no Moroccan on hand to convert Hadji's cross as it rolled across the face of the goal.
Hagi, Romania's captain, floated a 40 metre lob from the left touchline into the far corner of Oscar Cordoba's goal for a 34th minute second goal after putting Raducioiu through for his 15th minute opener in the Group A game at Pasadena's Rose Bowl.
The striker, surplus to European champions AC Milan's needs last season, had already shown he had lost none of his devastating finishing ability by giving Romania the lead when he curled a shot around Cordoba after running on to Hagi's defence-splitting through ball.
Romania's well-organised defence was never really pulled out of position by Colombia's short passing game which was too often one- paced and Hagi began to run things after the first 25 minutes of Colombian pressure.
But after twisting past Prodan he collapsed in a heap when challenged by Ionut Lupescu.
From what proved to be their last opening Rincon shot wildly over after Asprilla had been brought down on the edge of the area.
The Paris St Germain player, ruled out of the tournament after tearing a hamstring in a friendly with El Salvador on June 12, said: "We have been favourites in the last three tournaments and paid the price for being over confident:no one believes he will miss their opening Group B match against Russia at Stanford Stadium."
Italians put rotten tomatoes on stand-by by Angus MacKinnon  NEW YORK, June 18 (AFP)  Italy are facing their most humiliating World Cup exit since losing to North Korea in 1966 after being floored by a magnificent Irish display at Giants Stadium on Saturday.
"Their goal made things difficult for us but we played better in the second half after we switched to a 4-3-3 formation.
John Sheridan should have wrapped up the match in the 73rd minute after Roy Keane's burst on the left but, with only the Italian goalkeeper to beat, sent his shot crashing against the bar.
Six minutes after Houghton's 25-yard snapshot caught Pagliuca off his line, Tommy Coyne found himself free in the box only to be let down by his first touch.
But the best of them went begging when Roberto Donadoni fired his free shot high from just inside the box and after that the Irish looked more likely to score, particularly after the lively McAteer replaced Houghton for the last 20 minutes.
"There may be an opening here," he said after Carter briefed the White House and President Bill Clinton on proposals made in Pyongyang by North Korean leader Kim Il-Sung.
(new series) French Socialist Party leader resigns  PARIS, June 19 (AFP)  Michel Rocard resigned Sunday as leader of France's opposition Socialist Party, a week after it was trounced in European elections, leaving the party with no clear candidate for next year's presidential vote.
Rocard, a 63-year-old former prime minister, stepped down after losing a vote of confidence at a meeting of the party's executive committee.
In a statement released after his resignation, Rocard said he had urged the Socialists "to rally around the cause of renewing the party and the left."
Rocard had taken over the party leadership from Laurent Fabius in March 1993 after the Socialists were voted out of power at the hands of conservatives led by Edouard Balladur.
Delors has not declared an interest in running for the presidency, and said after the Socialists' trouncing last week that he considered Rocard their natural candidate.
A few months after resigning as prime minister in May 1991, he complained of having been "fired" by Mitterrand, thereby making public the long-simmering dispute between the two.
Earlier this week Pierce, a finalist at the French Open after defeating world number-one Steffi Graf in straight sets, crashed out of the junior event at Eastbourne when she was beaten by an unknown 15 -year-old Czech.
Wimbledon organisers had planned to put Pierce's first round match against compatriot Julie Halard on the centre court, but after her decision to drop out they quickly pencilled in nine times champion Martina Navratilova to take her place.
"It creates some problems when people pull out after the draw has been made," said the 1993 semi-finalist.
Spain's World Cup nightmare continues by Erskine McCullough  DALLAS, Texas, June 18 (AFP)  Spain slinked out of Dallas after their surprise draw with South Korea, haunted by the nightmare that their World Cup failure continues.
Controversial coach Javier Clemente, brought in after failure in Italy in 1990 when they were sent packing by Yugoslavia, was convinced his side's opening Group C match on Friday against South Korea would be a stroll.
Despite being reduced to 10 men when captain and sweeper Miguel Nadal was sent off after 25 minutes, Spain took a two-goal lead early in the second half through the magic of Julio Salinas, who scored one and created the second.
Though still trying to thrash out a full political solution, they have in the past months agreed on holding the second round of presidential elections, the status of UNITA MPs, the position of the rebel radio after the war and the extension of central administration to areas controlled by UNITA.
The peace package will only be announced after all issues, political and military, have been fully resolved.
Khaled Nayef Nadja, 24, a member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP), was chased by soldiers in a jeep after he drove through an Israeli roadblock, witnesses said.
Belgium survive Moroccan grilling  ORLANDO, Florida, June 19 (AFP)  Marc Degryse's early goal gave Belgium a 1-0 victory in their World Cup Group F opener here on Sunday but opponents Morocco were left to curse their luck after striker Mohamed Chaouch twice hit the woodwork.
Weber, the Croatian-born striker granted Belgian citizenship in March, was making his World Cup debut after nine goals in his first three outings for the national side.
Preud'homme had to be at his sharpest to push a shot round the post after 23 minutes while the Belgians were fortunate soon afterwards when there was no Moroccan on hand to convert Hadji's cross as it rolled across the face of the goal.
(ORLANDO) Morocco pegged Belgium back in their own half for long periods after the interval as the heat and humidity began to take its toll.
When the Belgians replaced Nilis with midfielder Marc Emmers after 53 minutes it became clear that they wanted to close the game down.
Three minutes from time Morocco's goalkeeper, Azmi, was carried off on a stretcher after charging out of his area and smashing into the advancing Weber.
He got a break after his first-hole tee shot went into the deep left rough behind spectators.
He was talking after meeting with leaders of the new Palestinian police force in Jericho and said the issue of the remaining Palestinian prisoners would also be discussed.
"There may be an opening here," he said after Carter briefed President Bill Clinton and top aides on proposals made in Pyongyang by North Korean leader Kim Il-Sung.
"I personally believe that the crisis is over," Carter told reporters after the meeting.
Carter, who arrived Saturday from Seoul after helping broker an agreeemnt to hold a North-South Korean summit, said he hoped to see the negotiations between Washington and Pyongyang resume within two weeks, probably in Geneva.
Washington launched consultations on sanctions last week after Pyongyang announced it was pulling out of the International Atomic Energy Agency, which said it could no longer guarantee that North Korea was not diverting plutonium for military use.
Baid declared the creation of the breakaway Yemen Democratic Republic four years after the former conservative North Yemen and the Marxist South were merged.
England, outplayed in the first innings after suffering a 195-run deficit, now need 351 more runs from 90 more overs to go two up in the series.
"We will see what the position is like after two sessions -- see where we stand.
De Wolf's World Cup injury nightmare  WASHINGTON, June 19 (AFP)  John de Wolf was forced out of the Dutch World Cup squad here on Sunda after tearing his right calf muscle.
The Feyenoord defender had only started training two days ago after a previous string of injuries.
US holds up experimental AIDS vaccine testing by Souk Chanthalangsy  BETHESDA, Maryland, June 19 (AFP)  A key branch of AIDS research in the United States may be set back from one to three years after officials decided to hold up large-scale human testing of two vaccines.
NIAID Director Anthony Fauci accepted the 26-member committee's recommendation after an eight-hour public meeting.
Fauci's decision came after researchers detected the virus that causes AIDS in a handful of test volunteers.
Prior to limited human testing, the vaccines underwent clinical tests on animals, notably chimpanzees that demonstrated resistance to AIDS after injections of the vaccines.
Maybe they will realise after this World Cup that they should change the starting times for the future."
Middlesex, in reply, managed a respectable but losing 240 all out after 34.5 overs.
Durham were set a modest 189 after Phil Bainbridge took four for 32 and eased home with 7.3 overs to spare.
UN envoy confident after meeting Angolan leader, UNITA chief report LISBON, June 19 (AFP) - UN Special Envoy Alioune Beye is confident that peace negotiations will succeed in Angola and that 90 percent of problems have been solved, the Portuguese news agency LUSA reported Sunday.
UN sources, speaking after the United Nation's mediator in Angola met Angolan President Jose Eduardo dos Santos, said Dos Santos had given "very satisfactory answers" responses to Beye's main concerns.
Savimbi's National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA) renewed its fight against the Angolan authorities after it lost UN- sponsored elections last year.
Abdallah al-Asnaj, appointed foreign minister of breakaway south Yemen, said after meeting Brahimi: "There is no sense in reactivating an old military commission that failed to accomplish its mission to prevent simple clashes at army camps, while the war has now broadened."
Salem Saleh Mohamed, who heads the southern delegation, is not on the list of 16 southern leaders which Sanaa refuses to deal with, accusing them of being traitors after declaring independence on May 21.
Jan-Aage Fjortoft had the ball in the net for Norway after 22 minutes but his close-range effort was disallowed for a dangerous challenge on Jorge Campos as the Mexican goalkeeper went for Stig Bjornebye's long throw.
First, a boy and a man were injured in a tram car after which the trams stopped running.
Belgium hit by World Cup fall-out  BRUSSELS, June 19 (AFP)  Fighting broke out between Belgian and Moroccan soccer fans on Sunday after their World Cup match in Florida ended in Belgium winning 1-0.
If Bolivia fail to qualify for the second round then Etcheverry's 1994 World Cup will have been limited to the four minutes he played when he came on as a substitute after a seven-month injury lay-off.
   URGENT     OAKMONT, Pennsylvania, June 19 (AFP) - South Africa's Ernie Els,  Scotland's Colin Montgomerie and US player Loren Roberts have finished tied  after the final round of the 94th US Open golf championship.
    OAKMONT, Pennsylvania, June 19 (AFP) - Final results here Sunday after the  fourth round of the 1.7 million-dollar US Open on the par-71 Oakmont Country  Club course (USA unless noted).
Rekdal collected the ball on the edge of the area after it ran loose when Jan-Aage Fjortoft was felled and went through to steer an angled shot beyond the dive of Mexican goalkeeper Jorge Campos.
However, Norway's first victory in a finals tournament was only sealed after an incredible escape just into injury time.
Fjortoft had the ball in the net for Norway after 22 minutes but his close-range effort was disallowed for a dangerous challenge on Campos as the Mexican goalkeeper went for Stig Bjornebye's long throw.
Alves headed wide after 49 minutes when he should have done better while at the other end Campos had to come off his line smartly to grab the ball after Oyvind Leonhardsen had found a way through the defence.
Norway were close to stealing the lead when Fjortoft slid a shot just wide of the post after 79 minutes with Campos beaten but all the drama was reserved for the closing moments.
Polls closed at 2100 GMT after eight hours of voting.
Samper also accused his rival of engaging in a Colombian "Watergate" after the Liberals discovered hidden microphones in Samper's private offices.
The two men who met the group at the airport said they were the Sportex tour guides, but they disappeared shortly after they checked the visitors into a hotel.
Jiri Kerka, who represented the environment ministry at the Ecomilitary-94 seminar, said 74 localities in what is now the Czech Republic had been used as bases by Soviet troops in the 23 years after the short-lived 1968 Prague Spring reform movement.
Their withdrawal, which began three months after the collapse of communist rule, lasted more than a year and was marked by acrimonious discussions about compensation and environmental damage.
Polls closed at 2100 GMT after eight hours of voting.
Samper also accused his rival of engaging in a Colombian "Watergate" after the Liberals discovered hidden microphones in Samper's private offices.
"There may be an opening here," he said after Carter briefed President Bill Clinton and top aides on proposals made in Pyongyang by North Korean leader Kim Il-Sung.
"I personally believe that the crisis is over," Carter told reporters after the meeting.
Carter, who arrived Saturday from Seoul after helping broker an agreement to hold a landmark North-South Korean summit, said he hoped to see the negotiations between Washington and Pyongyang resume within two weeks, probably in Geneva.
Washington launched consultations on sanctions last week after Pyongyang announced it was pulling out of the International Atomic Energy Agency, which said it could no longer guarantee that North Korea was not diverting plutonium for military use.
King, chasing the 30th career victory that would gain her automatic entry into the hall, had started the day in a four-way tie for the lead after leading the first two rounds.
Polls closed at 2100 GMT after eight hours of voting.
Samper also accused his rival of engaging in a Colombian "Watergate" after the Liberals discovered hidden microphones in Samper's private offices.
Three set for Open playoff by Jim Slater  OAKMONT, Pennsylvania, June 19 (AFP)  The US Open title two golfers would not take remains unclaimed after 72 holes.
Els and Roberts each bogeyed the final hole, leaving them and Montgomerie even after 72 holes at five-under par 279.
Should a deadlock exit after 18 more holes, a sudden death playoff will decide who wins the 320,000-dollar top prize.
Two-time Open winner Curtis Strange was fourth, one stroke out of the playoff after his fourth straight 70 despite an erratic final nine holes.
Bulgarian wins 30,000 dollar World Music Masters prize  PARIS, June 20 (AFP)  Bulgarian pianist Ludmil Anguelov won the 30,000 dollar World Music Masters prize after a week of competition in Monte Carlo, beating Russia's Irina Plotnikova in the final.
Bell, 29, playing his first World Cup after leading a players' revolt over pay in 1990, missed Thern's curling kick and Ljung ran in unmarked behind the defense to head home.
   Even so, they went close to equalising after another Ljung header from a free kick had their defense at sixes and sevens.
Embe had started the match with a cheeky lob from 25 meters after only 19 seconds, forcing Thomas Ravelli to stretch high for a two-handed save.
Klas Ingesson should have put Sweden ahead after 35 minutes when Bell missed yet another cross, but he fired wildly over.
Olsen's relief as Norway ride their luck  WASHINGTON, June 19 (AFP)  Egil Olsen, the Norwegian coach, did not disguise his relief after substitute Kjetil Rekdal struck an 84th minute winner to seal a 1-0 win over Mexico in their World Cup Group E encounter here on Sunday.
Rekdal, on the field for only six minutes, collected the ball on the edge of the area after it ran loose when Jan-Aage Fjortoft was felled and went through to steer an angled shot beyond the dive of Mexican goalkeeper Jorge Campos.
However, Norway's first victory in a finals tournament was only sealed after a remarkable escape in injury time of an intense battle between sides of vastly contrasting styles.
We gave everything but it will now be especially difficult to beat Italy after their defeat by Ireland.
Fjortoft had the ball in the net for Norway after 22 minutes but his close-range effort was disallowed for a dangerous challenge on Campos.
Alves headed wide after 49 minutes when he should have done better while at the other end Campos had to come off his line smartly to grab the ball after Oyvind Leonhardsen had found a way through the defence.
Norway were close to stealing the lead when Fjortoft slid a shot just wide of the post after 79 minutes with Campos beaten but all the drama was reserved for the closing moments.
The European football of the year was forced to miss training on Sunday, 24 hours after Italy's opening defeat by Ireland in Group E increased the pressure on their attempt to qualify for the second round.
Polls closed at 2100 GMT after eight hours of voting.
Samper also accused his rival of engaging in a Colombian "Watergate" after the Liberals discovered hidden microphones in Samper's private offices.
The Daily Telegraph said that after enquiries Yorkshire Water had undertaken to put the Davies account "on hold".
South Africa's Ernie Els, Scotland's Colin Montgomerie and US veteran Loren Roberts reached the playoff after finishing even at five-under par 279 through four rounds at the 1.7 million-dollar event here Sunday.
Sweden snatch a draw against Cameroon by Ron Wall  LOS ANGELES, California, June 19 (AFP)  Sweden fought back after conceding two goals to force a 2-2 draw with Cameroon in their World Cup Group B match here Sunday.
   Even so, they went close to equalising after another Ljung header from a free kick had their defense at sixes and sevens.
Embe had started the match with a cheeky lob from 25 meters after only 19 seconds, forcing Thomas Ravelli to stretch high for a two-handed save.
Klas Ingesson should have put Sweden ahead after 35 minutes when Bell missed yet another cross, but he fired wildly over.
The move came after Washington for the first time said Carter's four day visit to North Korea may have provided "an opening" through which to resolve the North Korean nuclear impasse.
"Military intelligence chiefs neutralised me to keep me away from the prime minister," Neria told the Haaretz newspaper after he stormed out last week.
Dahlin added: "The first 30 minutes were terrible, after that it was OK.
The forthcoming census, which will be financed by the European Union and the Council of Europe, was approved by the Macedonian parliament on May 18 but only after a stormy debate, notably over the provision of forms in minority languages.
A rising star, he appeared to have it all, but in 1989 narrowly escaped death after being hit by 11 bullets, four of which are still lodged in his body.
The meeting request came after Washington for the first time said Carter's four day visit to North Korea may have provided "an opening" through which to resolve the North Korean nuclear impasse.
The telegram was sent after a special task force formed to arrange contacts and details of the summit held its second meeting in two days.
The Gallucci comments after the meeting, at which National Security advisor Anthony Lake was also present, were the most positive yet from the Clinton administration on Carter's just-completed trip to North Korea during which he also brokered the summit.
(DALLAS) But Bulgaria, who have made few friends here after putting police on to a group of children who came to watch them train, are no push overs.
A rising star who had served as ambassador to the United Nations and to Spain, Samper narrowly escaped death in 1989 after being hit by 11 bullets, four of which are still lodged in his body.
Samper accused his rival of engaging in a Colombian "Watergate" after the Liberals discovered hidden microphones in Samper's private offices.
Gaviria will become secretary general of the Organization of American States after leaving office.
"I personally believe that  the crisis is over," Carter said after briefing President Bill Clinton and top  aides on proposals made in Pyongyang by North Korean leader Kim Il-Sung.
(AFP)     PARIS: Michel Rocard resigned as leader of France's opposition Socialist  Party, a week after it was trounced in European elections, leaving the party  with no clear candidate for next year's presidential vote.
 Rocard, a  63-year-old former prime minister, stepped down after losing a vote of  confidence at a meeting of the party's executive committee.
The short and rounded but absurdly gifted soccer millionaire was ready to pack his bags and fly home to Argentina last week after arriving from Europe.
 (BOSTON) The coach is preparing to take a gamble on unfit striker Claudio Caniggia, who has been prevented from taking a full part in training for a week after injuring his left big toe in a tackle.
He damaged knee ligaments Friday on his comeback after missing three days with tendon trouble.
Spain, meanwhile, have been thrown into some disarray after surrendering a two-goal lead in a 2-2 draw against South Korea in their opener, a result which hardly augurs well for Wednesday.
Clemente, although insisting that "spirits are high despite the draw against South Korea," tried to stamp out one source of discontent in the camp when he said on Sunday that Andoni Zubizarreta, of Barcelona, would definitely return in goal after suspension.
(CHICAGO) Clemente not only has to find a new sweeper, with Miguel Nadal suspended for two games after his red card against the Koreans, but also has key Real Madrid midfielder Fernando Hierro doubtful because of a calf injury.
The 20-year-old did a hip-shaking Milla-type dance at the corner flag after scoring for the Africans who looked a pale shadow of the team which took the 1990 tournament by storm.
Martin Dahlin volleyed in the 74th-minute equaliser at Pasadena's Rose Bowl after substitute Henrik Larsson's long-range shot beat Bell and bounced back off the bar.
In Washington, Kjetil Rekdal scored an 84th minute winner for Norway, six minutes after coming on as substitute, when the Mexican defence failed to clear their lines.
However, Norway's first victory in the finals was only sealed after an incredible escape in injury time.
Leonardo, back on loan to Sao Paolo after a season at Valencia, has been sold to compatriot Zico's Japanese side Kashima Antlers.
Japan lifted its economic sanctions against South Africa in 1991 after Pretoria officially abolished the apartheid policy of racial segregation.
Hundreds of people, mostly poor villagers, were forced to seek shelter in school buildings and on roads after their homes were destroyed or damaged, the reports said.
A municipal employee was electrocuted on the outskirts of Surat town after an electric cable fell on him and a tree fell and crushed a trader, the Age said.
The military sales program involves the provision of US-made military equipment to the Philippine armed forces, which is now trying to modernize after decades of dependence on the US military umbrella.
(picture) Thai politician resumes hunger strike  BANGKOK, June 20 (AFP)  Former MP Chalard Vorachat has resumed a pro-democracy hunger strike in front of parliament, three days after surrendering to police to fight charges of lese majeste.
China gives green light to nuclear energy  BEIJING, June 20 (AFP)  China will press ahead with nuclear energy development after proving the reliability of its first home-built reactor in Qinshan, the China Daily said Monday.
Floods hit Bangladesh after long heat wave  DHAKA, June 20 (AFP)  Heavy monsoon rains pounding Bangladesh after a long heat wave have spawned flash floods in some areas and disrupted road links between two southeastern districts, officials said Monday.
The rains, which came as a welcome relief to millions after weeks of sweltering heat, have flooded many areas of the southeastern port city of Chittagong and some northern regions, the officials said.
The mass circulation daily Ittefaq newspaper said the road link between Chittagong and the sea resort Cox's Bazar district was cut off after a bridge was washed away by flood waters.
He said the messages were sent immediately after a newly formed task force decided early Monday to invite the North for a meeting June 28 at the border truce village of Panmunjom to set up the summit.
UN envoy fails in Yemeni peace bid  CAIRO, June 20 (AFP)  A UN special envoy on Monday announced the end of his mediation effort here between the warring Yemeni sides after failing to broker a ceasefire in their civil war.
Former Algerian foreign minister Lakhdar Brahimi told AFP "there will be no meetings today with the Yemeni parties" after a fruitless day of discussions on Sunday.
Unum, based in Maine, will offer income compensation insurance covering long periods of 10-to-20 years after policy holders become unable to work due to illnesses or injuries.
Giants pick Strawberry  SAN FRANCISCO, California, June 19 (AFP)  The San Francisco Giants went out on a limb Sunday, signing slugger Darryl Strawberry just six weeks after his release from a drug rehabilitation center.
Strawberry was waived by his major league baseball previous team, the Los Angeles Dodgers, after his release from the center.
Strawberry entered the rehabilitation programme after missing a Dodgers exhibition game one day before the start of the season.
Riot police arrested 18 people after a running street battle when the opposition ZANU-Ndonga party tried to hold a rally in the high-density township of Chitungwiza outside the capital on Sunday.
His remarks came shortly after the leader of the Forum Party, former chief justice Enoch Dumbutshena, urged his supporters to keep axes and spears in their homes to protect themselves from ZANU-PF (Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front) youths.
A UN plan to reopen Kigali airport, closed for the past two weeks, on Sunday came to nothing after officials failed to obtain written security guarantees from the government forces, Plante said.
The move came hours after US state department officials in Washington conceded that Carter's four day visit to North Korea may have also provided "an opening" to resolve the North Korean nuclear impasse.
In Washington, Assistant Secretary of State Robert Gallucci said after a two-hour meeting with Carter on Sunday that the former president may helped solve the nuclear standoff.
But Laporte said French flanker Abdelatif Benazzi had two marks on a head wound after the match.
French forwards Philippe Benetton and Laurent Benezech required three stitches each to head wounds after the match.
French coach Pierre Berbizier allowed his players the rare luxury of an afternoon off after a grinding two-hour training session at Nelson in preparation for Wednesday's midweeker against Nelson Bays.
Private banking was only re-introduced in 1991 after the communist regime installed by the Vietnamese, who ousted the Khmer Rouge, embraced free-market policies.
EU leaders will try at their six-monthly summit in Greece next Friday and Saturday to name a successor to Jacques Delors, who retires at the end of the year after 10 years at the helm of the EU's executive European Commission.
Shaath made no comment after spending the night in the self-rule enclave of Jericho.
The KSDA said it would determine approval of the bids after Hyundai Housing and Industrial Development Corp., Hyundai Elevator Corp.
Long-term bank loans from the Korea Development Bank, which had been approved before 1992, were cut off after the presidential election.
Thirty-nine students who were sleeping were burnt to ashes and one died shortly after arriving at a nearby mission hospital, the reports added.
The dead were among 87 students who had remained behind after schools closed for the holidays in order to prepare themselves for the annual Form-II and Form-IV examinations.
UN envoy fails in Yemeni peace bid by Hassan Mekki  CAIRO, June 20 (AFP)  A UN special envoy on Monday announced the end of his mediation effort here between the warring Yemeni sides after failing to broker a ceasefire in their seven-week civil war.
Former Algerian foreign minister Lakhdar Brahimi told AFP "there will be no meetings today with the Yemeni parties" after a fruitless day of discussions on Sunday.
Taiwan's ruling nationalists formed a government after being defeated by the Chinese communists in the 1949 civil war.
Seipei was killed in December 1988 after having been kidnapped by Mandela, her driver and Falati.
Falati and Mandela fell out after Mandela refused to fund Falati's appeal against her conviction.
The neo-communist regime in Tajikistan has been the target of Islamic opposition groups since December 1992 when it returned to power after overturning an Islamo-Democratic regime with the tacit support of Moscow, following a civil war which killed 50,000.
                    Russia-NATO                     500 words around 1030 GMT                     by Christopher Boian     BELFAST:        Northern Ireland waits nervously for the next                     strike in a renewed campaign of tit-for-tat                     killings after Protestant extremists slaughter                     six Catholics watching a World Cup match in                     a pub outside Belfast.
                    Yemen                     550 words around 1100 GMT                     by Maher Chmaytelli     CAIRO:          A UN special envoy announces the end of his                     mediation effort between the warring Yemeni                     sides after failing to broker a ceasefire in the                     seven-week civil war.
Officials suspended after escape of Liberian former first lady  LAGOS, June 20 (AFP)  Nigeria's immigration service has suspended 36 officers for allegedly helping the wife of late Liberian president Samuel Doe to escape from an immigration cell, the NAN news agency reported Monday.
Samuel Doe, who installed a brutal dictatorship after seizing power in a coup in 1980, was tortured to death by a Liberian rebel faction in September 1990, nine months into a civil war which saw a Nigerian-led African peacekeeping force despatched to the country.
Analysts had forecast a rise of around 1.9 billion dollars, after a rise of 500 million pounds in April.
The British Bankers' Association said private sector credits rose by 928 million pounds in May from April after falling by a revised 501 million in April.
Fay finishes jail term Tuesday  SINGAPORE, June 20 (AFP)  American Michael Fay is to walk out of prison early Tuesday after being caned and serving 83 days of a four-month jail sentence for spray painting cars, a home ministry official said Monday.
"He will be released anytime after 8.00 a.m.," the official said.
Fay was sentenced to six strokes of the cane, four months in jail and fined 3,500 Singapore dollars (2,200 US) on March 3 after he pleaded guilty to spray painting two cars, pelting them with eggs and keeping stolen flags and road signs.
Fay was caned four times on his bare buttocks on May 6 after President Ong Teng Cheong granted a reduction of the sentence following the teenager's petition for clemency.
Hong Kong student Shiu Chi Ho, 17, was convicted of vandalising four cars after a trial and sentenced to 12 strokes of the cane and eight months in jail on April 21.
Australian find Patrick Rafter made a big move, jumping from 26th spot to 21st after the first title of his career at Manchester, where the 21-year-old Queenslander beat top seeded South African Wayne Ferreira in the final.
Hosokawa resigned in late April after being grilled in parliament over his suspected financial deals.
Dollar slumps to lowest level since October at 1.6055 marks  LONDON, June 20  The dollar remains extremely weak against other major currencies early Monday, after falls on Friday, and threatens to slump further if central banks do not intervene, dealers said.
North shells Aden as bombardment enters fifth day  ADEN, Yemen, June 20 (AFP)  Northern forces shelled Aden and fierce fighting raged just north of the city on Monday after a UN peace bid failed.
Nash, who took six wickets in the first innings after scoring a half- century with the bat, had England captain Mike Atherton caught in the slips for 33 and then trapped Graham Gooch lbw to leave the home side on 68 for two.
England, who won the opening Test, had been set 407 to win -- which would be a world record winning score -- after Ken Rutherford declared the Kiwi second innings on 211 for five.
Law's warning came three months after Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad ticked off Japanese auto giant Mitsubishi for dragging its feet in transferring technology to Malaysians in the national Proton car project.
It was the last straw after a week of intense media pressure in which she was told of rumours that a tabloid newspaper was planning to fly her estranged American-born father and former coach Jim Pierce to Wimbledon to confront her.
British Petroleum fell 3.5 pence to 408 after extra pressure on rumours the Kuwait Investment Office is looking to sell its nine percent stake.
East Midlands Electricity dropped six pence to 571 after annual results came in well below expectations.
Last Khmer Rouge quit capital after government eviction order by Kevin Barrington  PHNOM PENH, June 20 (AFP)  The last official of the ultra-left Khmer Rouge pulled out of the Cambodian capital Monday in line with a government eviction order issued after a breakdown in negotiations to end the civil war.
Police officers said eight junior officials and caretakers left for Bangkok after senior guerrilla representatives were escorted to the airport by police on Saturday.
The government ordered the closure of the guerrillas' compound late Friday after the failure of peace talks to end the guerrilla struggle against the government installed under last year's UN-supervised elections.
The bonds, to be floated in Luxembourg, will have interest rates between 1.75 and two percent, with a convertible price of below 10 percent of the average share prices listed in the past seven trading days after the purchase of the bonds, the officials said.
Shaath, who carries the portfolio of minister of international cooperation in the new Palestinian Authority, was let through later in the day after he contacted Amnon Shahak, Israel's deputy chief of staff.
"Someone irresponsible thought of stopping me," Shaath told reporters after meeting Palestinian security officials and foreign diplomats at police headquarters here.
Aden shelling enters fifth day as peace efforts collapse by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, Yemen June 20 (AFP)  Northern troops kept up their deadly bombardment of this besieged southern stronghold on Monday after UN efforts to broker a ceasefire failed.
Brahimi told AFP in Cairo "there will be no meetings today with the Yemeni parties" after a fruitless day of separate talks with each side on Sunday.
Fighting erupted beween rival forces on May 5, four years after the former conservative North Yemen and the Marxist South were merged.
The move came only hours after US state department officials in Washington conceded that Carter's four-day visit to North Korea may have also provided "an opening" that could resolve the North Korean nuclear impasse.
In Washington, Assistant Secretary of State Robert Gallucci said after a two-hour meeting with Carter on Sunday that he may have helped resolve the nuclear standoff.
Shaath, who carries the portfolio of minister of international cooperation in the new Palestinian Authority, was let through later in the day after he contacted Amnon Shahak, Israel's deputy chief of staff.
"Someone irresponsible thought of stopping me," Shaath told reporters after meeting Palestinian security officials and foreign diplomats at police headquarters here.
Shams, who returned to Kabul Monday after a meeting with Hekmatyar at the prime minister's Charasiab headquarters east of the capital, said the proposed Monday meeting had been delayed because the delegations had not been ready in time.
Nissar was one of five Moslem leaders freed by the Indian authorities in 1992 after serving two years in prison.
The armed struggle against Indian rule which erupted two years after the elections has left nearly 10,000 people dead in Kashmir, India's only Moslem-majority state.
A UN plan to reopen Kigali airport, closed for the past two weeks, on Sunday came to nothing after officials failed to obtain written security guarantees from the government forces, Plante said.
Rocard, a 63-year-old former prime minister, stepped down Sunday after losing a vote of confidence at a meeting of the party's executive committee.
Carter said Sunday that he believed the crisis over North Korea's nuclear program was over after he received a pledge from Kim that International Energy Agency (IAEA) inspectors would be allowed to remain in North Korea.
The United States had begun a diplomatic drive to slap sanctions on North Korea after Pyongyang barred IAEA inspectors from its nuclear facilities, which the west suspects are being used for military purposes.
The crisis will be over only after North Korea renounced its nulcear ambition, he added.
The radio said six aftershocks above 4.1 had hit the area within three hours after the quake.
Shares rose one pence to 134 shortly after the results.
He was speaking to reporters after a meeting with Jean de Gliniasty, France's consul-general in Jerusalem East.
The Presidential Commission on Good Government (PCGG) noted that the Swiss accounts were frozen in 1986 at government request after a popular revolt toppled Marcos from power.
Hosokawa resigned in late April after being grilled in parliament over his suspected financial deals.
The LDP has been striving to regain power since it was thrown out after 38 years of government in lower house general elections last July.
Shaath also said he planned to invite Paris mayor Jacques Chirac to Gaza in an effort to "beautify" the place after nearly seven years of uprising.
Chuan's government took power after elections in September 1992, governing under a constitution drafted under a military government which seized power in February 1991.
It was amended after bloody street protests in May 1992, but not all provisions considered undemocratic were axed.
Shares rose two pence to 216 on the London Stock Exchange after the results.
Carter said Sunday he believed the crisis over North Korea's nuclear program was over after he received a pledge from Kim that International Energy Agency (IAEA) inspectors would be allowed to remain in North Korea.
The United States began a diplomatic drive to slap sanctions on North Korea last week after Pyongyang announced it was pulling out of the IAEA.
Saturday after his return from Seoul, Carter met at the White House with national security adviser Anthony Lake and Assistant Secretary of State for Political and Military Affairs Robert Gallucci, the administration's point man on North Korea.
Announcement of the request came after former US  president Jimmy Carter transmitted a summit invitation from North Korean  leader Kim Il-Sung to South Korean President President Kim Young-Sam.
The negotiators are as of Tuesday expected to move on to the thorny issue of the status of Savimbi and other leaders of UNITA, which plunged Angola back into civil war after losing UN-supervised general elections in September 1992.
But it will not be possible so swiftly to end the distrust that has built up between the sides, at war since independence in 1975, apart from the pre-election period after a first peace pact was signed in May 1991.
The declaration will propose the holding of a special G7 meeting in Canada this year after the Naples summit July 8-10, Kyodo News Service quoted official sources as saying.
The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials lost 33.61 points to 3,743.17 15 minutes after the session opened.
 (LONDON) The 28-year-old left-hander from Adeleide, who is playing his ninth Wimbledon, surged into the second-round after scoring a 6-2, 7-5, 6-4 win.
Diary from the US Open in Oakmont, Pennsylvania on June 20 Norman looks to British Open  Australia's Greg Norman dropped his trademark hat over the cup on the 18th hole after sinking a birdie putt in the final round at the 94th US Open.
Downtown was accessible only by boat, even after the flood levels had eased by two meters (six feet).
Army soldiers started patrolling the streets in the southern city of Karachi Sunday after two people were shot dead in clashes involving militants from rival sects.
Ruling party supreme leader undergoes checkup after collapsing  KATHMANDU, June 20 (AFP)  The supreme leader of the ruling Nepali Congress party, Ganesh Man Singh, underwent an urgent medical checkup here Monday after collapsing at Bharatpur airport, a party source said.
Singh, 79, was rushed to Kathmandu aboard an army helicopter from Bharatpur in Chitwan district, 160 kilometres (100 miles) southwest of here, after falling from a revolving chair and suffering a dizzy spell, the source said.
A team of eight doctors is looking after Singh while another group scanned the posterior part of his head and neck using a CAT-Scan machine to check for internal bleeding, said the source.
The Vancouver Sun said that Watson, who started the militants Sea Shepherd Society after being disowned as too militant by Greenpeace, plans to use the 10-metre-long mini-sub for his anti-whaling campaign in Europe this summer.
He is wanted in Norway after being convicted in absentia for sinking a Norwegian whaling vessel.
Els triple-bogeyed on number two after a bogey on the first hole, but recovered with a 25-foot birdie on the third hole.
Montgomerie made double bogey on the second and third after a par on the first.
The trio tied for the lead Sunday after the 72-hole tournament, forcing the unique 18-hole tie-breaker on the par-71 Oakmont Country Club course.
Two inspectors are already in North Korea at the Yongbyon experimental reactor, but they must be replaced after having worked under difficult conditions, the agency said.
The dollar began sliding Friday after the release of economic forecasts from the Conference Board, a private institute on US business activity.
Asked whether he was hopeful that the declaration was ready to be nailed down after weeks of difficult negotiations, Churkin said: "Sure, of course I am."
                    Russia-NATO,lead, changing dateline                     450 words around 1515 GMT                     by Graham Brown     ADEN, Yemen:    Northern forces step up the pressure                     on the southern bastion of Aden                     after the failure of a UN mediation effort.
    BELFAST:        Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams appeals for calm                     after the slaying of six Catholics by                     Protestant extremists, saying Northern Ireland                     peace efforts must not be jeopardized by                     further reprisal killings.
                    Angola                     600 words moved     BOGOTA:         New president Ernetso Samper pledges to lift                     Colombians out of poverty after his narrow                     election win Sunday, but he faces a mighty                     task.
Hearts sack Clark  EDINBURGH, June 20 (AFP)  Sandy Clark was sacked as manager of Heart of Midlothian, the club announced after a board meeting here on Monday.
                    Russia-NATO,lead, changing dateline                     450 words around 1515 GMT                     by Graham Brown     ADEN, Yemen:    Northern forces step up the pressure                     on the southern bastion of Aden                     after the failure of a UN mediation effort.
    BELFAST:        Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams appeals for calm                     after the slaying of six Catholics by                     Protestant extremists, saying Northern Ireland                     peace efforts must not be jeopardized by                     further reprisal killings.
                    Angola                     600 words moved     BOGOTA:         New president Ernetso Samper pledges to lift                     Colombians out of poverty after his narrow                     election win Sunday, but he faces a mighty                     task.
reopens (FRANKFURT) But the market staged a rally after the official close, as the electronic trading IBIS market brought the DAX back up to 1,986.42 points, 0.89 percent above the close at the official session.
Macau fan's World Cup tragedy  HONG KONG, June 20 (AFP)  A Macau World Cup fan died of a heart attack on Sunday after staying up for two nights to watch live television coverage of the event.
The trio tied for the lead Sunday after the 72-hole tournament, forcing the unique 18-hole tie-breaker on the par-71 Oakmont Country Club course.
The attack on the patrol came after Hezbollah guerrillas traded exchanges of artillery fire throughout the day with the SLA and army.
The Russian premier, speaking after more than two hours of talks with his Italian counterpart in Arcore, northern Italy, also told reporters that "on this occasion, we will sign a very important friendship and cooperation agreement."
Earlier this year, Glaxo began legal proceedings against Ciba-Geigy AG United Geneva Pharmaceuticals after Geneva said it had filed a similar abbreviated new drug application for Form One ranitidine.
Adams appeals for calm after Ulster bar killings  BELFAST, June 20 (AFP)  Gerry Adams, president of the political wing of the IRA, appealed Monday for calm, after an attack on a bar Saturday in Loughinisland in which six Roman Catholics were killed.
Fighting broke out after months of tension between President Ali Abdallah Saleh and his southern rival Ali Salem al-Baid.
Pierce dropped a place after being overtaken by Belarus' Natalia Zvereva.
The trio tied for the lead Sunday after the 72-hole tournament, forcing the unique 18-hole tie-breaker on the par-71 Oakmont Country Club course.
Els and Roberts each birdied the par-5 ninth, with Roberts tapping in after a 17-foot eagle slid just right.
Fighting escalates after peace talks collapse by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, Yemen, June 20 (AFP)  Northern troops stepped up attempts to capture the southern stronghold of Aden on Monday after UN efforts to broker a ceasefire collapsed.
UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi said in Cairo after a failed mediation mission that he would not recommend sanctions against the warring sides, saying peace efforts would continue.
Meanwhile the Aden delegation left Cairo on Monday after pulling out of talks with Brahimi on ways to secure a ceasefire in the civil war.
Abdel Meguid, secretary general of the Arab League, said after talks with Brahimi on Monday: "A solution to the Yemeni crisis is emerging on the horizon."
Lorena Bobbitt was acquitted of malicious wounding when a jury found that she was driven to cut off her husband's penis by years of being battered, and the trial of Erik and Lyle Menendez, who admitted to murdering their parents, ended in a hung jury after attorney's argued they had been abused sexually and psychologically.
A member of the International Committee of the Red Cross gained access to the camp over the weekend after a week of pressuring authorities for access.
The London Stock Exchange reduced its losses Monday afternoon after the Wall Street opening, and the Footsie 100-share index finished the day with a loss of 51.8 points or 1.7 percent at 2,971.1, after having been off as much as 2.8 percent in the early afternoon.
British Steel swam against the tide, gaining 5.75 pence to end at 139 after announcing a return to profitability in 1993-94 and an annual dividend doubled to two pence.
But the market staged a rally after the official close, as the electronic trading IBIS market brought the DAX back up to 1,986.42 points, 0.89 percent above the close at the official session.
"Only three provinces have much potential for coming out ahead and only after a period of traumatic uncertainty that will be painful even for them."
Iran has previously launched military strikes against the bases of the Mujahedeen in Iraq, after every attack it attributed to rebels.
A Uruguayan peacekeeper was killed and another from Bangladesh was seriously wounded after Hutu militiamen drove UN troops out of a hotel before attacking Tutsi refugeees sheltering there on Friday.
Agricultural production jumped in 1993 as Mozambique enjoyed rains again after its worst drought this century and as thousands of farmers moved back to their long abandonned land, following the 1992 peace accord ending 17 years of civil war.
"The barriers that existed for years fell one after the other, allowing us to cooperate with each other in a more comprehensive way."
(AFP) Cup casualty A Macau soccer fan gave his all to the World Cup -- collapsing and dying from a heart attack after staying awake for two days to follow the action.
Lo Chon-yin, 37, died on Sunday after collapsing at his coffee shop, having stayed awake since the tournament kicked off last Friday to follow the live action from the United States.
Kent, chasing a victory target of 347 in 82 overs after Warwickshire declared at 288 for six, collapsed to 270 despite facing an attack without hamstring-strain victim Gladstone Small.
Kent, chasing a victory target of 347 in 82 overs after Warwickshire declared at 288 for six, collapsed to 270 despite facing an attack without hamstring-strain victim Gladstone Small.
Conjecture about the race to succeed Socialist President Francois Mitterrand intensified at the weekend after the opposition Socialist Party dumped its most likely candidate, Michel Rocard.
The impact was even greater on the Socialist Party, whose share was slashed to 14.5 percent after a list led by businessman and former minister Bernard Tapie took 12 percent of the traditional left-wing vote with his flamboyant, populist approach.
The result prompted former prime minister Michel Rocard to resign as party chief Sunday after losing an internal vote of confidence, plunging it into one of its worst crises yet.
In his interview with AFP, he said he dedicated the book "to young people born after 1968 who are asking themselves ...
Caniggia has been prevented from taking a full part in training for a week after injuring his left big toe in a tackle.
"For a player of his calibre, that is not important," said Basile after the squad trained lightly Monday at Foxboro stadium where the group D opening match will take place.
The Tykes put up a determined performance after being set a massive 485 on Saturday, but eventually succumbed for 324 with 40 overs remaining.
Curtly Ambrose hastened Yorkshire's end after lunch, sending back three men in 27 balls.
Captain Kim Barnett finished unbeaten on 42 after sharing a partnership of 101 with Chris Adams (58).
English county championship cricket table  LONDON, June 20 (AFP)  Standings in the English County Championship after Monday's results (played, won, lost, drawn, batting points, bowling points, total points): Surrey (6)                 7  4  2  1  17    22 103 Essex (11)                 6  4  0  2  15    23 102 Leicestershire (9)         6  4  1  1  18    20 102 Nottinghamshire (7)        7  4  1  2  12    22  98 Durham (18)                7  3  3  1  18    23  89 Sussex (10)                7  3  0  4  16    21  85 Warwickshire (16)          6  3  0  3  14    17  79 Gloucestershire (17)       7  2  2  3  12    25  77 Somerset (5)               7  2  4  1  17    16  65 Lancashire (13)            6  2  2  2   6    22  60 Northamptonshire (4)       7  2  2  3   7    15  54 Derbyshire (15)            7  1  4  2  13    22  51 Middlesex (1)              6  1  0  5  13    19  48 Hampshire (13)             7  0  4  3  12    18  38 Kent (8)                   7  0  4  3  14    22  36 Worcestershire (2)         6  0  2  4  17    19  36 Yorkshire (12)             6  0  2  4  12    20  32 Glamorgan (3)              6  0  2  4  12    12  24 
The visit came four days after a meeting between new Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and German Chancellor Helmut Kohl in Bonn last week.
Els slips back after blunder  OAKMONT, Pennsylvania, June 20 (AFP)  South Africa's Ernie Els bogeyed to fall from a share of the lead with five holes to play in Monday's 18-hole US Open playoff.
The trio tied for the lead Sunday after the 72-hole tournament, forcing the unique 18-hole tie-breaker on the par-71 Oakmont Country Club course.
Pierce's father, her former coach, has been banned from all tour tennis events after a series of incidents including abusing and attacking spectators.
Dollar regains some ground  NEW YORK, June 20 (AFP)  The dollar regained some ground against other major currencies with the exception of the yen after early losses here Monday.
The assembly's foreign affairs committee had asked the house to put a stay on ratification until after a European Court of Justice ruling in a case brought by the European Commission against Greece's embargo on trade with Macedonia.
Two Kurdish MPs take refuge from police in Ankara parliament  ANKARA, June 20 (AFP)  Two Kurdish deputies from the dissolved pro-Kurdish Democratic Party took refuge in Turkey's parliament building here Monday after the Ankara prosecutor general Nusret Demiral ordered their arrest.
Of the Kurdish party's 13 deputies, five are already under arrest on "separatism" charges, after their parliamentary immunity was lifted in March.
Chelsea's Glenn Hoddle was confident of landing the former Tottenham player after weekend talks.
The deal gives relegated Swindon an immediate 850,000-pounds topped up by 150,000-pounds after a certain number of appearances.
Asked whether the all-Milan defence was tired after a long season, Maldini snapped: "No more tired than the rest of the team."
They escaped injury but Andy was not so lucky after his discharge when he was run over and killed by a truck.
    SINGAPORE:     American Michael Fay leaves prison after being                    caned and serving 83 days of a four-month jail                    term for vandalism.
Els and Roberts tie in US Open  OAKMONT, Pennsylvania, June 20 (AFP)  Ernie Els of South Africa and American Loren Roberts tied after 18 play-off holes of the US Open here on Monday.
Iran has previously launched military strikes against the bases of the Mujahedeen in Iraq, after every attack it attributed to rebels.
The 75-times capped Saravakos was a controversial choice for the World Cup after a leg injury sidelined him for six months until last month.
He finally surrendered to police at his home after millions of Americans had tuned in to follow the dramatic chase on live television.
Els wins US Open  OAKMONT, Pennsylvania, June 20 (AFP)  Ernie Els of South Africa won the US Open here on Monday after seeing off American Loren Roberts at the second hole of a sudden-death play- off.
The two had finished level after an 18-hole play-off round, both finishing on a three over par 74, four shots ahead of Scotland's Colin Montgomerie.
The trio tied on a total of 279 on Sunday after the 72-hole tournament.
Els got a par four on the final hole after Roberts had earlier bunkered on the edge of the green and lipped out a 25-foot putt.
A major win seemed on the cards after he came fifth in the Open Championship at Muirfield, won by Nick Faldo, and last year was seventh in the US Open at Baltusrol and sixth in the Open, won by Greg Norman, at Royal St George's, England.
Canada to resume development, humanitarian aid to Cuba  OTTAWA, June 20 (AFP)  Canada announced Tuesday that it would plans to reume aid for economic development and humanitarian purposes to Cuba after a 16-year hiatus.
Rutherford draws philosophical conclusions  LONDON, June 20 (AFP)  New Zealand captain Ken Rutherford had no complaints about gamesmanship after the tense finish to the second Test at Lord's on Monday.
The trio tied for the lead Sunday after the 72-hole tournament, forcing the unique full-round tiebreaker in the 1.7 million-dollar event.
Charlton demands drinking time-outs  ORLANDO, Florida, June 20 (AFP)  Jack Charlton wants American Football-style "time-outs" in the World Cup to save his players from the water torture which laid out striker Tommy Coyne after Saturday's win over Italy in New York.
Coyne finished the Republic of Ireland's victory dehydrated after running miles in the steamy heat of the Giants Stadium as the team's lone striker.
He then sat for three hours after the game before he could produce a urine sample for the official random drugs test and was later violently ill on the plane back to Orlando, where the Irish play Mexico on Friday.
The attack on the patrol came after Hezbollah artillery traded artillery fire throughout the day with the SLA and the army.
Canada to resume development, humanitarian aid to Cuba  OTTAWA, June 20 (AFP)  Canada announced Tuesday that it would resume humanitarian and economic development aid to Cuba after a 16-year freeze.
Sampras, baggy shorts flapping, came on court after a special presentation to his childhood idol Rod Laver marking the 25th anniversary of the Australian's Grand Slam.
(LONDON) The seventh-seeded German, who is rebuilding his career with new American coach Nick Bollettieri after slumping in the world rankings, showed no ill effects from the knee injury he sustained in training at he weekend.
Conjecture about the race to succeed Socialist President Francois Mitterrand intensified at the weekend after the Socialist Party dumped its most likely candidate, Michel Rocard.
The impact was even greater on the Socialist Party, whose share was slashed to 14.5 percent after a list led by businessman and former minister Bernard Tapie took 12 percent of the traditional left-wing vote with his flamboyant, populist approach.
The result prompted former prime minister Rocard to resign as party chief Sunday after losing an internal vote of confidence, plunging it into one of its worst crises yet.
In his interview with AFP, he said he dedicated the book "to young people born after 1968 who are asking themselves ...
The UNHCR's refugee repatriation plan was devised last year after the signing of an accord in the Benin capital Cotonou in July 1993 that was supposed to put an end to the civil war raging in Liberia since December 1989.
                    US-taxes,lead                     450 words by 2130 GMT     BELFAST:        Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams appeals for calm                     after the slaying of six Catholics by                     Protestant extremists, saying Northern Ireland                     peace efforts must not be jeopardized by                     further reprisal killings.
Bebeto could have scored after only seven minutes when he miscued and volleyed Dunga's cross high over.
Ilia Tsymbalar, winning his third cap in place of the suspended Viktor Onopko, had Russia's best effort after combining well with Dimitry Radchenko.
There are no complaints after eight matches from any team," he added.
With Jean-Francois Tordo looking extremely doubtful with an injured back after playing in just one of eight games on their current tour of New Zealand, Gonzalez looks set to make it seven out of eight again.
"We will decide after Wednesday's match," Berbizier said of the possibility replacing Tordo, whose pinched nerve on the lower back has clouded his rugby career yet again.
In his first match back after six months, Tordo suffered ruptured cruciate ligaments which postponed his return to the game for another six months.
The trio tied for the lead Sunday after the 72-hole tournament, forcing the unique full-round tiebreaker in the 1.7 million-dollar event.
Montgomerie made double bogeys on the second and third holes after poor chip shots and bogeyed the sixth and eighth with poor putts.
Also Monday, a former senator and founding member of the pro-democracy group the National Democratic Coalition, Bola Tinubu, surrendered to the authorities after spending weeks on the run because of a government crackdown on the opposition.
Brahimi left Cairo on Monday after the collapse of talks with northern and southern delegations there on Sunday.
However on June 7, Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel received a dissident, Wang Juntao, who had been released after spending four-and-a-half years in prison.
Bush arrived in Paris Monday on a private visit after a weeklong stay in Greece with his wife Barbara as guests of Greek shipping magnate Iannis Latsis.
Carter said Sunday he believed the crisis over North Korea's nuclear program was over after he received a pledge from Kim that International Energy Agency (IAEA) inspectors would be allowed to remain in North Korea.
The United States began a diplomatic drive to slap sanctions on North Korea last week after Pyongyang announced it was pulling out of the IAEA.
He stuck the knife in first after 26 minutes when he scored from fellow striker Bebeto's corner and then won a 53rd minute penalty for captain Rai to score Brazil's 150th World Cup goal.
Rai doubled the score from the penalty spot after Ternawski whipped Romario's legs from under him as he beat one man and bore down on goal.
Kharin saved a certain third with a great right-handed tip over the bar from Bebeto's hooked-shot in the 62nd minute after Rai and Dunga's one-two on the right of the penalty area gave Dunga room for a hard, low cross.
Bebeto could have scored after only seven minutes when he miscued and volleyed Dunga's cross high over.
Ilia Tsymbalar, winning his third cap in place of Onopko, had Russia's best effort after combining well with Dimitry Radchenko.
Shapiro, appearing before reporters after the hearing, declined to discuss the defense strategy.
Vice President Al Gore discussed the issue with the National Security Council Friday after the White House sent a diplomatic note to Canada earlier last week, said Kathleen McGinty, director of the White House Office on Environmental Policy.
The two countries suspended talks in late May after negotiators failed to reach agreement on how to divide the Pacific salmon haul.
He said 600 troops had been killed on June 8 as the government army was advancing after capturing Pageri, southeast of Juba in a battle in which Khartoum admitted losing 47 men.
Previous home secretary Kenneth Clarke refused to allow testing of the side-handled baton, after it was seen used in the video-taped beating of Rodney King which triggered riots in Los Angeles.
Canada to resume development, humanitarian aid to Cuba  OTTAWA, June 20 (AFP)  Canada announced Tuesday that it would resume humanitarian and economic development aid to Cuba after a 16-year freeze.
Canada to resume development, humanitarian aid to Cuba  OTTAWA, June 20 (AFP)  Canada announced Tuesday that it would resume humanitarian and economic development aid to Cuba after a 16-year freeze.
The Dutch were almost caught unawares after only 45 seconds when Saudi skipper Majed Abdullah headed wide from a right-wing cross when he should at least have put his effort on target.
Goalkeeper Ed de Goey had to dive desperately to paw away Fahad Al Harifi's cross after ten minutes and then eight minutes later the Dutch fell behind.
Bergkamp wasted another chance on 25 minutes when he shot hard but straight at Al Deayea from the edge of the box after a good lay-off from Ronald De Boer.
Rijkaard tried a spectacular bicycle kick from a free-kick after Mohamed Abdul Al Jawad fouled Overmars on the right.
(WASHINGTON) But the careless Dutch defence almost gifted the Saudis another goal in the 35th minute when Ulrich Van Gobbel gave the ball away but Abdullah tried to be too clever after turning his defender inside out and the Dutch cleared.
In a statement delivered to AFP here, accompanied by a photograph of Harp taken Sunday, the kidnappers said their ultimatum was prompted by the refusal Monday of Harp's family and business partners to pay the 90 million dollars they demanded after his abduction March 14.
LOS ANGELES, California, June 20 (AFP)  World Cup goalscorers after Monday's games: 2: Florin Raducioiu (Romania) 1: Fuad Amin Anwar (Saudi Arabia), Georges Bregy (Switz), Martin Dahlin (Sweden), Marc Degryse (Belgium), David Embe (Cameroon), Andoni Goikoetxea (Spain), Gheorghe Hagi (Romania), Hong Myung-Bo (S Korea), Ray Houghton (Rep of Ireland), Wim Jonk (Holland), Jurgen Klinsmann (Germany), Roger Ljung (Sweden), Francois Omam-Biyik (Cameroon), Rai (Brazil), Kjetil Rekdal (Norway), Romario (Brazil), Julio Salinas (Spain), Seo Jung-Won (S Korea), Gaston Taument (Holland), Adolfo Valencia (Colombia), Eric Wynalda (USA) bdb94 
It was a desperately disappointing finale for the Saudis who at half time appeared on the way to springing one of the great World Cup upsets after Fuad Amin Anwar headed them in front.
They had been almost caught unawares after only 45 seconds of the game when Saudi captain Majed Abdullah headed wide from a right-wing cross when he should at least have put his effort on target.
Goalkeeper Ed de Goey had to dive desperately to paw away Fahad Al Harifi's cross after ten minutes and then eight minutes later the Dutch fell behind.
The careless Dutch defence almost gifted the Saudis another goal in the 35th minute when Ulrich Van Gobbel gave the ball away but Majed tried to be too clever after turning his defender inside out and the Dutch cleared.
A day after winning one of the closest elections in Colombian history, Ernesto Samper proposed an overhauled anti-drug policy, including the creation of a US-Colombian anti-drug commission to coordinate strategies between the two countries.
   (new series)     LOS ANGELES, California, June 20 (AFP) - World Cup first-round standings  after Monday's matches:     Group A                     P   W   D   L   F   A Pts     Romania         1   1   0   0   3   1  3     United States   1   0   1   0   1   1  1     Switzerland     1   0   1   0   1   1  1     Colombia        1   0   0   1   1   3  0     To Play: 22-6 USA-Colombia, Switzerland-Romania; 26-6 USA-Romania,  Colombia-Switzerland     Group B                     P   W   D   L   F   A Pts     Brazil          1   1   0   0   2   0  3     Cameroon        1   0   1   0   2   2  1     Sweden          1   0   1   0   2   2  1     Russia          1   0   0   1   0   2  0     To Play: 24-6 Brazil-Cameroon, Sweden-Russia; 28-6 Russia-Cameroon,  Brazil-Sweden     more 
    PARIS, June 21 (AFP) - We will file the following features:     AIN HELWEH,     Lebanon:         Iran is pouring thousands of dollars                      of aid each month into Lebanon's                      Palestinian refugee camps, where PLO                      influence fell after the signing of the                      autonomy deal with Israel.
Iran pours thousands of dollars in Lebanon's Palestinian camps by Muntasser Abdallah  AIN HELWEH, Lebanon, June 21 (AFP)  Iran is pouring thousands of dollars of aid each month into Lebanon's Palestinian refugee camps, where PLO influence fell after the signing of the autonomy deal with Israel.
The PLO fell out of favour with many Palestinian refugees in Lebanon after the historic PLO-Israeli handshake of September 13 that led to the signing of the May 4 agreement launching autonomy in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank town of Jericho.
Maqdah told AFP he "handed over all the PLO buildings in Ain Helweh to the institute after the PLO stopped sending us financial assistance" and submitted a plan to Iranian officials for the financing of 2,000 Palestinian fighters.
Sheikh Sayed Barake, a Palestinian deported by Israel to Lebanon in 1989, founded the institute after disbanding the "Hezbollah-Palestine" guerrilla group, which has claimed several anti-Israeli operations in south Lebanon and the occupied territories and is opposed to Arab- Israeli peace talks.
Chen Shiwei, who runs a traditional medicine wholesale business in the provincial capital, Guiyang, took the plunge into private enterprise last year after seeing traders from eastern Jiangsu province buy medicines in bulk and sell them for a vast profit back home.
"Knup is back in training after his ankle injury, but the only problem with him is that he lacks match fitness because he hasn't done a lot of training in the last three weeks."
Michael Fay was sentenced to six strokes of the cane, four months jail and fined 3,500 Singapore dollars (2,200 US) on March 3 after pleading guilty to spray-painting cars, pelting them with eggs and keeping stolen property.
He was caned four times on his bare buttocks after President Ong Teng Cheong granted a reduction of the sentence following the teenager's appeal for clemency and the Clinton appeal to the authorities.
(AFP)     OTTAWA: Canada announced that it would resume humanitarian and economic  development aid to Cuba after a 16-year freeze.
The reward for the frequent flyers of this World Cup, having clocked up more than 4,600 miles, will be to stay on in Los Angeles after their final group game against the USA and also play their sudden- death second round match at the Rose Bowl.
Selection committee members kept the names secret after the criticism emerged in a meeting in Mexico City.
Mexico's most likely change will see the return after suspension of midfielder Alberto Garcia Aspe.
But Berti Vogts, coach of World Cup holders Germany, made Brazil the tournament favourites after watching them take Russia apart in San Francisco.
Taument headed into an empty net when the ball bounced clear after Saudi goalkeeper Mohamed Al Deayea missed Frank de Boer's long left- wing cross.
Reyna has resumed training after recovering from a hamstring injury, but Milutinovic hinted he was not quite fit to start.
More to come from brilliant Brazil by Mark Oakley  SAN FRANCISCO, California, June 20 (AFP)  Brazil coach Carlos Alberto Parreira promised an encore after his brilliant side let a second-rate Russian team off the hook here on Monday.
If we had played with all our hearts, who knows what would have happened," Parreira said after Romario and a Rai penalty had given Brazil a 2-0 win.
Romario scored before his marker, Vladislav Ternawski, could move and Rai converted the first penalty of this tournament after Ternawski whipped Romario's legs from under him.
Els revels in victory by Jim Slater  OAKMONT, Pennsylvania, June 20 (AFP)  Even after winning the US Open title, South Africa's Ernie Els downplays efforts to term him golf's next great player.
Els outlasted US veteran Loren Roberts here at Oakmont Country Club, winning the 1.7 million-dollar event Monday on the second sudden-death hole after an 18-hole playoff left them even.
Els finished three-over par after soaring to four-over in just two holes.
Dutch defender Frank Rijkaard said: "The positive thing about this match is that we won after coming from behind.
Open rift in Thai government party as 15 resign from board  BANGKOK, June 21 (AFP)  A coalition partner in Thai Prime Minister Chuan Leekpai's government was seriously split Tuesday after 15 members of the Palang Dharma Party (PDP) executive board resigned.
The split in the PDP surfaced after the opposition and the military- dominated Senate united in parliament earlier this year to defeat government proposals to make the constitution more democratic.
A large police contingent in southern Barisal district was deployed around the Power Development Board (PDB) offices after the incident, the Daily Star reported.
South African rugby team returns to New Zealand  WELLINGTON, June 21 (AFP)  Thirteen years after a rugby tour marked by violent anti-apartheid protests, South Africa's rugby union team was to arrive here Tuesday night to face gruelling rugby -- but no politics.
Marsinah's body was found on May 8, 1993, four days after she joined fellow workers at the Sidoarjo watch factory in a wage protest.
Kakizawa told reporters that Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata gave the go- ahead for the trip at a cabinet meeting as part of efforts to reach a breakthrough in the talks which resumed this month after a three- and-a-half month suspension.
"I'll make a final decision after confirming the situation in parliament," Kakizawa said.
Thursday's flight, a longer one to McMurdo and Scott Bases, will take 17 hours and require three aerial refuelings from a KC-10 tanker, which will leave half an hour after the C-141.
The comment came a day after Hussein said in Washington, "the opportunity will come sometime soon for a meeting between Israelis and Jordanian officials."
Hussein spoke in Washington after being congratulated by US Secretary of State Warren Christopher for making "very real progress" with Israel.
Rabin plays down fighting in southern Lebanon  JERUSALEM, June 21 (AFP)  Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin sought Tuesday to play down the fighting in southern Lebanon a day after pro-Iranian Hezbollah guerrillas killed one Israeli soldier and wounded four others.
The attack on the patrol came after Hezbollah artillery traded fire throughout the day with the SLA and the army.
(picture) US teenager released from Singapore jail, in good health and going home  SINGAPORE, June 21 (AFP)  American teenager Michael Fay, caned for vandalizing cars in a case which gained worldwide attention, said he was in good health after his release Tuesday and was looking forward to returning home immediately.
I am looking forward to the future very much," Fay told reporters outside the US embassy after an 80-minute meeting with US officials.
Michael Fay was sentenced to six strokes of the cane and four months' imprisonment and fined 3,500 Singapore dollars (2,200 US) on March 3 after pleading guilty to spray-painting cars, pelting them with eggs and possessing stolen property.
Fay was among a group of foreign students arrested last October after police investigated complaints of cars being sprayed with paint in a posh residential area.
Hong Kong student Shiu Chi Ho, 17, was convicted of vandalising four cars after a trial and sentenced April 21 to 12 strokes of the cane and eight months in jail.
On Tuesday, some 5,000 mourners gathered in a field near Anantnag's main mosque to say a last farewell to Nissar, who was one of five Moslem leaders freed by the Indian authorities in 1992 after serving two years in prison.
Asian bourses battered after overnight plunge  TOKYO, June 21 (AFP)  Asian bourses were battered Tuesday in the shockwaves from plunging prices overnight on the London and New York exchanges, as Japan called for concerted action to support the weakening US dollar.
Japanese dealers said the Bank of Japan appeared to intervene in the Tokyo market to support the dollar after it fell below 102 yen, sidelining many market participants.
Shortly after opening, the dollar fell below 102 yen to the dollar for the first time since May 2, prompting the central Bank of Japan to intervene in a bid to prevent a further rise in the yen's exchange value, dealers said.
Hugh Davies, the British team leader in the JLG, said he was "happy" that the joint airport committee would resume talks after failing last month to agree on the airport's financing plan.
Observers see this week's JLG meeting as a possible sign of China's willingness to resume work on economic aspects of Hong Kong's future, after Foreign Minister Qian Qichen said last week that Beijing and London should put their political differences over the colony behind them.
Brahimi left Cairo on Monday after the collapse of talks with northern and southern delegations there on Sunday.
War broke out between northern and southern forces on May 5 after four years of troubled union between the former North and South Yemens.
Officials said el-Mahdi was detained Monday following confessions from the aides who were arrested previously, according to press reports Tuesday after an announcement on state-run television.
The hotel was built in the early 1970s after Soviet authorities razed an old neighbourhood of churches and homes and it regularly housed high-ranking communist party officials and delegates to Kremlin events.
Isuzu expects to return to the black after losses narrow in first half  TOKYO, June 21 (AFP)  Japan's Isuzu Motors Co. Ltd.
Fighting broke out afresh in the capital Tuesday after Monday's lull which enabled about 600 civilians to be evacuated, but it was less heavy than during the weekend.
If the company is profitable after three years, the employee will be able to return to Fujitsu which will offer to buy shares not already held in the company at up to 30 times their face value.
This makes it the second biggest oil producing firm in the UAE after the the Abu Dhabi Company for Onshore Oil Operations (ADCO), which controls most of the land concessions and produces around one million bpd, nearly half the UAE's total output of 2.16 million bpd.
Quoting unnamed sources, the paper says Mengistu, granted political asylum in May 1991 by his longtime ally, President Robert Mugabe, started working as a security consultant to Zimbabwe just a few months after he started living here.
Rehman reportedly faces a blasphemy case while his magazine has published a column by the feminist writer Taslima Nasreen who went into hiding after religious charges were laid against her.
Local resident Hafiz Abdul Alim charged that Rehman in insulted religious feeling by comparing two Arabic letters to human genitals in his column, Day after Day, in November 1993.
The court ordered his arrest after he failed to answer several summons and set a hearing for July 17, Inqilab said.
The coloumn stopped appearing after Nasreen went into hiding earlier this month.
Jai Jai Din was banned by former president Hussain Muhammad Ershad's government and Rehman only returned from self-exile in London after the dictatorial regime's fall in December 1990.
The visit comes 10 days after North Korea's army chief of staff, Choi Gwang, visited China.
A crisis over North Korea's refusal to open its nuclear facilities to inspections was defused over the weekend after Pyongyong promised to allow fresh IAEA visits and offered to hold a breakthrough summit with South Korea, almost 50 years since the two were divided by the Cold War and the ensuing Korean conflict.
Final death toll put at 52 in China textile collapse  MACAU, June 21 (AFP)  The final death toll from Friday's collapse of a major textile mill in southern China was set at 52 on Tuesday, after rescue workers gave up hope of finding 20 still missing under the rubble.
The Yu Xin Textiles and Dyeing Factory, a joint venture between Chinese and Hong Kong investors, collapsed Friday as around 200 people were inside salvaging machinery and cotton bales after a fire the day before.
Local officials Monday used dynamite to destroy a section of the six- storey factory that remained standing after Friday's disaster, fearing that it might too fall to the ground.
He was one of the accused August 1991 Soviet coup plotters who went on trial last year only to have the proceedings repeatedly suspended and later dropped after the new parliament approved an amnesty for them and the jailed leaders of the armed revolt against President Boris Yeltsin last October.
Thais cancel arms embargo against South Africa  BANGKOK, June 21 (AFP)  The Thai cabinet decided Tuesday to lift an arms embargo and other restrictions on dealings with South Africa, after that country eliminated apartheid and held multiracial elections.
The economic planning agency said gross domestic product (GDP), a country's total output of goods and services adjusted for net foreign income, grew one percent from the previous quarter after a 0.7 percent contraction in December.
German M3 money supply figures calm the dollar  LONDON, June 21 (AFP)  The dollar appeared to have stemmed its free-fall on Tuesday morning, after slumping Monday, reacting positively to German M3 money supply figures for May, dealers said.
Aggregate M3 rose an annual 13.7 percent in May after rising 15.4 percent in April.
Separatist Abkhazians voted to secede from Georgia in August 1992 and in September of last year routed Georgian troops from their territory after 13 months of fighting that left more than 3,000 people dead.
Wieder and a growing number of historians believe Napoleon was slowly poisoned by an embittered royalist in his entourage on the island of Saint Helena, where he was banished by the British after losing the battle of Waterloo in 1815.
The five remaining strands will be returned intact after the analysis.
"We appeal to the Palestinian authority to release those who our enemies want to kill," said the Abu Rish group, named in memory of a guerrilla killed by the Israelis after he laid down his weapons for autonomy.
The Abkhazian parliament voted to secede from Georgia in August 1992 and in September of last year routed Georgian troops from their territory after 13 months of fighting that left more than 3,000 people dead.
Shares move little in calmer markets  LONDON, June 21 (AFP)  Shares were slightly lower here Tuesday morning, slipping after a sell-off on the futures market overturned a tentative early rally on a better-than-expected overnight performance on Wall Street.
By midmornng, the FT-SE 100 index of leading shares was down 6.9 points to 2,964.2 -- a drop of 0.2 percent, after rising 6.1 points in early trading.
Euro Disney rose 20 pence to 210 the day after it opened the subscription period for its rights issue, which sees shares divided by two.
But British Steel, which rose 5.7 pence on Monday after publication of its annual results, dropped 1.5 pence to 137.5. The electricity company ManWeb rose seven pence to 686 after annual results showed a 13.5 percent rise at 126.3 million pounds.
In Paris, markets attempted to find some equilibrium after four consecutive days of losses.
Several people were arrested immediately after the attack and security officials investigating "found clues indicating involvement by the Mujahedeen," according to the official IRNA news agency.
The attack was seen as a blow to the Islamic regime, which has boasted of Iran's stability and security after years of turmoil following the revolution.
Iran has launched military strikes against the bases of the Mujahedeen in Iraq after some of the attacks it attributed to the rebels.
Brahimi left Cairo on Monday after the collapse of talks with northern and southern leaders there on Sunday.
War broke out between northern and southern forces on May 5 after four years of troubled union between the former North and South Yemens.
We believe this is just a temporary consolidation after the giddy rise of last year," Ahmad said.
Actress Fong Shui Fun told AFP after a rescheduled visit to Shiu in Queenstown Remand Prison that her 17-year-old son was doing 200 sit- ups and push-ups and was allowed to go jogging every day.
Fay, 19, was released Tuesday after receiving four lashings and serving 83 days in the same prison.
Fighting broke out afresh in Kigali on Tuesday after Monday's lull which enabled about 600 civilians to be evacuated, but it was less heavy than during the weekend.
The IAEA has raised concern that North Korea might be illegally withdrawing plutonium from the reactor to produce nuclear arms, but specialists were unable to verify that claim after spent fuel rods were removed from the Yongyon reactor without in the absence of outside inspectors.
The idea of the Herat conference is to set up an interim government to run the country after the end of June, when Hekmatyar and others expect Rabbani's presidency to end.
Speaking after meeting her Polish counterpart on the first day of a four-day visit, Robinson said: "We are very much in favor of Poland becoming a member of the European Union."
The results of the telephone poll, taken Monday, were released by the national Yonhap news agency after a top Seoul official indicated that the government of President Kim Young-Sam was going for broke for the summit, possibly at the cost of nuclear transparency.
Hun Sen's statement came after a breakdown of peace talks Wednesday to discuss an end to the civil war with the Khmer Rouge refusing to agree to a ceasefire.
Three weeklies banned -- had criticised Suharto ally  JAKARTA, June 21 (AFP)  The Indonesian government on Tuesday banned three weekly publications, including the country's biggest-selling magazine, shortly after they had run articles sharply critical of a close associate of President Suharto.
Nasreen's regular column stopped appearing soon after she went into hiding early this month, and Rehman said he would not publish them if the opportunity arose because it would be "illegal now."
The court ordered his arrest after he failed to answer several summons and set a hearing for July 17, the Inqilab said.
Local resident Hafiz Abdul Alim charged that Rehman insulted religious feeling by comparing two Arabic letters to human genitals in his column Day after Day in November 1993.
Jai Jai Din was banned by former president Hussain Muhammad Ershad's government and Rehman returned from self-exile in London after the dictatorial regime's fall in December, 1990.
Bathed in buds and greenery after two days of work by Paris-based Japanese fashion designer Kenzo, the decoration of the Pont Neuf spanning the Seine river culminated as musical groups struck up across the French capital for the traditional "Fete de la Musique", also held to celebrate the coming of summer.
Low profile Martinez in a hurry  LONDON, June 21 (AFP  Third-seed Conchita Martinez, the 'forgotten player' of women's tennis when it comes to naming potential champions, was in a hurry to make up for lost time in her first match at Wimbledon on Tuesday after heavy overnight rain delayed the scheduled start of play.
Southern soldiers were seen resting under trees and military vehicles after having spent the night without sleep.
Brahimi left Cairo on Monday after the collapse of talks with northern and southern leaders there on Sunday.
War broke out between northern and southern forces on May 5 after four years of troubled union between the former North and South Yemens.
Despite the plunge in share prices, Japanese government bond prices recovered Tuesday, a day after long-term yields jumped to a 12-month high.
The 85-stock weighted Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange composite index fell 24 points, or 2.3 percent, to 1,011.46, after Wall Street plunged for the second straight day following the decline of the dollar.
Kakizawa told reporters that Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata gave the go- ahead for the trip at a cabinet meeting as part of efforts to reach a breakthrough in the talks, which resumed this month after a three- and-a-half month suspension.
"I'll make a final decision after confirming the situation in parliament," Kakizawa said.
In Hong Kong, local television reported Tuesday that food prices had surged 50 to 60 percent in Guangzhou after fields of produce had been washed away and the distribution system had been disrupted because of inundated roads.
"The way negotations are going on at the moment through the intermediary of the United States is not satisfactory and direct contacts would be preferable," he told reporters after watching what he called "routine" army manoeuvres on the Golan Heights.
Nissar headed the fundamentalist Umate-i-Islami, or Islamic Community Front, and was one of five Moslem leaders freed by the Indian authorities in 1992 after serving two years in prison.
The neo-communist regime in Tajikistan has been the target of Islamic opposition groups since December 1992 when it returned to power after overturning an Islamo-democratic regime with the tacit support of Moscow, following a civil war which killed 50,000.
Uzbekistan gets GATT observer status  GENEVA, June 21 (AFP)  Uzbekistan has applied for and received observer status at the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, a GATT spokesman announced on Tuesday after a meeting of the GATT council - which groups all member countries.
"Most WEU countries are ready to provide logistical support of one kind or another," one diplomat said after a meeting of ambassadors in the WEU, which includes all European Union countries apart from Denmark and Ireland.
Chong is to be deported after he serving his sentence.
Bihozagara was named deputy prime minister in a power-sharing arrangement cut between the rebels and Rwandan authorities last August after three years of civil war.
Housekeeper Mavis Mhbele told journalists that an empty library inside the 100-roomed palace was full of books before Banda left last week after being ousted in elections in May.
Dollar firms, gold higher  NEW YORK, June 21 (AFP)  The dollar strengthened in early trading Tuesday but remained fragile after new trade figures showed a sharper-than-expected increase in the US trade deficit.
The diplomat was speaking after some nations in the Western European Union (WEU) had declared readiness following an ambassadorial meeting to provide logistic support for the French move if it receives backing in a new UN Security Council resolution.
Nissar headed the fundamentalist Umate-i-Islami, or Islamic Community Front, and was one of five Moslem leaders freed by the Indian authorities in 1992 after serving two years in prison.
Yonhap said Kim made the comment during a training lecture at the DLP headquarters in Eastern Seoul on Tuesday, a day after a special presidential committee had asked the North for a meeting to prepare for the summit.
"Kim Il-Sung likes Carter very much because he promoted the withdrawal of American forces from Korea immediately after the fall of Vietnam," Lee said.
All suffered head injuries and four were in a critical condition after the attack in the village of Andica, Khuzestan province, the daily Resalat said.
Traders were concerned about the dollar after the Commerce Department reported that the US trade deficit jumped to 8.40 billion dollars in April, sharply up from the March imbalance of 6.87 billion dollars.
The war in Angola resumed over a year and a half ago after UNITA lost UN-supervised general elections in September 1992 and rejected the results.
As the fighting raged on, the peace talks in the Zambian capital Lusaka resumed Tuesday after a week's break during which UN special envoy Alioune Blondin Beye met leaders of both factions in their Luanda and Huambo headquarters.
Beye was upbeat after his weekend talks, saying that 90 percent of the difficulties had been overcome.
The Palestinians lay claim to East Jerusalem, which Israel capturedw the PLO's chief negotiator Nabil Shaath to visit the holy city, after Shaath put off his planned visit on Monday under pressure from Israel.
This round of negotiations comes after a trip to Luanda and Huambo at the weekend by UN mediator Alioune Blondin Beye, to consult with both UNITA and government leaders as the talks reach a critical final stage.
Despite the escalating fighting in the past month, the peace talks here have continued to make some progress with the two sides fully resolving four of the five points on national reconciliation suspended in March after they disagreed on power-sharing.
Brahimi left Cairo for New York Monday to report to UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali, after failing to broker a ceasefire in Yemen's seven-week-long war.
War broke out between northern forces loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh and those of his southern rival Ali Salem al-Baid on May 5, four years after former North and South Yemen merged.
Rain had also stopped the match after 38 minutes with the scores at 5-5.
President Boris Yeltsin will sign the accord on Friday, after dining with the EU leaders on the Greek island on Thursday night.
It suggested that landmines, "which cause unacceptable damage to civilian populations long after the cessation of hostilities," and other "excessively injurious" weapons could be subject to such restrictions.
Southern soldiers were seen resting under trees and military vehicles after having spent the night without sleep.
Brahimi left Cairo on Monday after the collapse of talks with northern and southern leaders there on Sunday.
Pierce, notorious for allegedly abusing verbally, was banned from attending all tournaments after being removed from last year's French Open for unruly behaviour.
Freed Palestinian sent back to jail for leaving Jericho  JERUSALEM, June 21 (AFP)  A Palestinian released from prison two weeks ago under the accord launching autonomy was sent back to jail for life after leaving Jericho, according to a newspaper report here.
But he was arrested by Israeli soldiers at a roadblock outside Jericho, after they checked his details against a computer log of freed prisoners.
Israel says it has released 4,000 of the 5,000 Palestinian prisoners it agreed to free under the self-rule deal, after they agreed to pledge to end violence and to serve out their sentences in Gaza or Jericho.
They are certain to dictate a faster tempo than Italy in conditions even hotter and more humid than 95-degree New York, with the kick-off 30 minutes after mid-day, local time.
Meanwhile, Ireland's medical officer, Dr Conal Hooper has banned the insect spray the players have been using to prevent bites after skipper Andy Townsend came out in bumps.
Lebanon reports steady economic recovery after war  ABU DHABI, June 21 (AFP)  Lebanon's economy has steadily recovered since the end of the civil war in 1990, with the pound gaining ground against the dollar, investment flowing in and a balance of payments surplus sharply widening, Lebanon's central bank governor was quoted on Tuesday as saying.
Fifty-eight Haitians were picked up at sea over the weekend by the US Coast Guard after having been at sea for three days and were taken aboard the USS Comfort to have their asylum requests reviewed.
"Most WEU countries are ready to provide logistical support of one kind or another," one diplomat said after a meeting here of ambassadors in the WEU, which includes all European Union countries apart from Denmark and Ireland.
Fighting broke out afresh in Kigali on Tuesday after Monday's lull which enabled about 600 civilians to be evacuated, but it was less heavy than during the weekend.
Ankara prosecutor general Nusret Demiral ordered their arrest Monday after Turkey's constitutional court dissolved the DEP party for "separatist activities" and announced it was ending the mandate of its 13 deputies.
Of the DEP's 13 deputies, five are already under arrest on "separatism" charges, after their parliamentary immunity was lifted in March.
London stock prices were slightly lower until mid-session on Tuesday, but then losses increased after a weak Wall Street opening due to the announcement of a higher-than-expected US trade deficit in April.
In a weak banking sector, Barclays lost 14.5 pence to end at 531.5 after a US Supreme Court decision confirming California's unitary tax - contested by Barclays.
The Paris Bourse was also feeble, after an attempted rally early Tuesday fizzled, and the market suffered through its fifth straight losing session as the CAC 40 index fell by 0.64 percent on the day to end at 1,890.78 points - its lowest closing level since June 7 last year.
Bonner, 34, is set to join Kilmarnock after the World Cup having been handed a free transfer by Scottish Premier Divison rivals Celtic, his club for 16 years.
"He's certainly different," said Bonner, "and I'll be after him to swap jerseys at the end.
(ORLANDO) Ireland may have to bank on Tommy Coyne recovering from dehydration after the Italy game to face Mexico, and abandon thoughts of bringing in tall Chelsea striker Tony Cascarino to test Campos in the air.
Roldan has been on the run since April after being charged with fraud and embezzlement of public funds, one of a series of scandals which helped undermine support for Spain's ruling Socialists during European elections this month.
Fed intervenes to support dollar by Isabel Parenthoen  WASHINGTON, June 21 (AFP)  The US Federal Reserve intervened Tuesday to prop up the ailing dollar after it was pushed down further by an unexpectedly sharp rise in the country's trade deficit for April, dealers said.
Dealers said the market here was very nervous with the dollar still fragile after its slide Friday against all major currencies.
Five weeks ago, the major central banks intervened to support the dollar after it had fallen below the 1.63 mark level.
Some claimed to be members of the ANC's armed wing, Umkhonto we Sizwe (MK) while others said they had left school or jobs after having been given assurances by the ANC that they would be recruited into the SANDF.
Rai believed he was on the way back to his best after Brazil's best opening match since beating Czechoslovakia 4-1 in 1970 in Mexico.
German coach Berti Vogts made Brazil his favourites after the match and Russian football federation vice-president Nikita Simonian said: "Brazilians have players no other team can have.
However, Dunga kept Brazil's feet on the ground after their win, saying: "We expect the games ahead to be harder."
The weeklies Tempo, Editor and DeTik were banned after running articles sharply critical of a close associate of Suharto.
Graf, an overwhelming favourite to win the event for a sixth time, was never able to recover her length or direction after a miserable start in blustery winds and a persistent drizzle, and went down 5-7, 6-7 (5/7) in a 1hr 43 minutes match stopped twice by rain.
Stuart Carruthers put the touring Aussies ahead from a 16th minute corner conversion and a last minute goal from Mark Hagar confirmed their third win of the tour after beating Belgium twice at the weekend.
The left-armer was reported to the Test and County Cricket Board after an incident during a championship match between Yorkshire and Somerset at Bradford.
They have accused the UDF of failing to unite the country after May 17 election results which showed voting was based on regional lines.
The king arrived in Washington Monday after undergoing a checkup at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota.
He said doctors had given him a clean bill of health two years after his surgery for kidney cancer.
"We are in a crisis at the moment," one of the representatives of the Norwegian Church Aid, Petter Skauen, told the Norwegian news agency NTB after nightlong talks failed to resolve differences.
Dollar firms on Fed intervention  NEW YORK, June 21 (AFP)  The dollar strengthened in early trading Tuesday after the Federal Reserve intervened to prop up the greenback, traders in New York said.
Gabriel Batistuta scored a hat-trick, getting off the mark after only two minutes for the fastest goal of this tournament, and finishing with a last minute penalty.
Claudio Caniggia, back after a 13-month ban for cocaine use, hit the cross-bar in the second half in Argentina's best start to a tournament since they beat South Korea 3-1 en route to winning in 1986.
Since the start of the year, at least 24 opposition figures had disappeared without trace and the bodies of many more had been found after their kidnapping, it added.
Ankara prosecutor general Nusret Demiral ordered their arrest Monday after Turkey's constitutional court dissolved the DEP for "separatist activities" and announced it was ending the mandate of its 13 deputies.
Of the DEP's 13 deputies, five are already under arrest on "separatism" charges, after their parliamentary immunity was lifted in March.
Dollar falls below 100 yen, markets fear intervention  LONDON, June 21 (AFP)  The dollar fell in Europe Tuesday to a record low against the yen, dropping to 99.92 yen in London before bouncing back to 100.37 after closing Monday at 101.95, sparking fears of central bank intervention.
In New York, dealers said the US Federal Reserve had begun its intervention after the dollar fell to 99.90 yen.
The fear that the Bank of Japan would intervene also Wednesday on the Asian markets pushed the dollar up slightly after its fall, Luxton said.
Ireland worry over Townsend  ORLANDO, Florida, June 21 (AFP)  Andy Townsend, the Republic of Ireland's World Cup captain, faces a race against time to be fit for their Group E game against Mexico here on Friday after contracting a mystery rash.
 reopens (LONDON) The first stoppage came after Graf had climbed back to 5-5 in the first set after trailing 0-2.
"I just don't know what happened," said a shell-shocked Graf after the defeat.
Yeltsin adviser Schmidt Dzoblayev, speaking after meeting the Chechen leadership, said Dudayev would only meet Yeltsin alone without mediators from the Kremlin and the ministry of regional policy.
But enthusiasm waned after an initial euphoria, exacerbated by Moscow's economic blocade and efforts to stir up internal opposition.
Sandiford called the elections Saturday after his government lost a vote of confidence.
"Most WEU countries are ready to provide logistical support of one kind or another," one diplomat said after a meeting here of ambassadors in the WEU, which includes all European Union countries apart from Denmark and Ireland.
The dollar rebounded towards 250 yen following the appointment of Paul Volcker as chairman of the Federal Reserve Board but plunged to 199.60 yen in early 1981 after Japan liberalised its Foreign Exchange Control Law.
But upward pressure eased in August last year with the Federal Reserve intervening to prevent the dollar from falling through the 100 yen barrier soon after the coalition government of Prime Minister Morihiro Hosokawa was formed.
Fighting broke out afresh in Kigali on Tuesday after Monday's lull which enabled about 600 civilians to be evacuated, but it was less heavy than during the weekend.
Charlton acted after seeing his striker Tommy Coyne become violently ill after Saturday's win over Italy.
Nigerian opposition group rules out military means  LAGOS, June 21 (AFP)  The main Nigerian opposition group Tuesday ruled out using military means to restore democracy to Nigeria, just over a year after the military annulled presidential elections here.
The pro-democracy coalition has supported Abiola who earlier this month proclaimed himself head of a parallel government after breaking out of house arrest and going into hiding.
He launched a bitter attack on his veteran captain, Tassos Mitropoulos, brought on after 59 minutes to add stability to a shell- shocked side.
The GATT accord, signed in April after seven years of negotiations on sweepng trade reforms, would reduce income from tariffs by an estimated 14 billion dollars over five years.
The statement, issued after the monarchs met Abacha Monday, said the conference was "the best opportunity for peaceful resolution of our national problems through discussion, debate and dialogue."
Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin sought Tuesday to play down the fighting in southern Lebanon a day after an Israeli soldier was killed and four others wounded during a rocket attack in the security zone claimed by Hezbollah.
The attack on the patrol came after Hezbollah artillery traded fire throughout the day with the army and the South Lebanon Army, an Israeli-financed militia.
Lara falls to Bedford architect  LONDON, June 21 (AFP)  Club quickie Matt White was celebrating on Tuesday after bowling the mighty Brian Lara for just 23 at in the first round NatWest Trophy match at Edgbaston.
But Yorkshire looked to be on course for the second round after reaching 116 for three in 28 overs before bad light finally stopped play.
Rain and bad light left Surrey 22 for one after 8.1 overs Marcus Trescothick and Richard Harden smashed centuries as Somerset pounded Oxfordshire at Aston Rowant.
Under Lebanese law a foreigner living in Lebanon can be tried for a crime committed in this country or abroad and any extradition measure can only be decided by the cabinet after a verdict is pronounced.
Graf, an overwhelming favourite to win the title for a sixth time, was never able to find her length or direction after a miserable start in blustery winds and a persistent drizzle, and went down 5-7, 6-7 (5/7) in a 1hr 43 minutes match stopped twice by rain.
The first stoppage came after Graf had struggled back to 5-5 in the first set after trailing 0-2, while the the second was called with Graf a break up and leading 3-2 in the second.
"I just don't know what happened," said a shell-shocked Graf after the defeat.
Graf denied that lack of top opponents since former world number-one Monia Seles disapeared from the tour after being stabbed on court in Hamburg 14 months ago, had diminshed her motivation.
The policy shift came after criticism of the policy of immediately repatriating Haitians picked up at sea by Aristide, who called the practice a "cynical joke," and others in the United States.
URGENT  KIGALI, June 21 (AFP)  UN military observers from Senegal, Congo and Togo will leave Kigali Wednesday after receiving threats over France's planned military intervention, UN sources said Tuesday.
He launched a bitter attack on his veteran captain Tassos Mitropoulis, brought on after 59 minutes to add stability to a shell-shocked side.
Following a 15 month ban for cocaine use which ended in 1992, Maradona was only recalled to the side after a humiliating 5-0 hammering by Colombia in September last year.
African UN observers to quit Kigali after receiving threats (ADDS details on number of observers to leave  KIGALI, June 21 (AFP)  UN military observers from Senegal, Congo and Togo will leave Kigali Wednesday after receiving threats from Rwandan rebels over France's planned military intervention, UN sources said Tuesday.
Roldan has been on the run since April after being charged with fraud and embezzlement of public funds, one of a series of scandals which helped undermine support for Spain's ruling Socialists in European elections this month.
Spain lead Germany  CHICAGO, Illinois, June 21 (AFP)  Spain, under fire after throwing away a 2-0 advantage in their opening game against South Korea, responded by taking a 1-0 lead over world champions Germany in their Group C game here on Tuesday.
Spain created the first opening after ten minutes when Luis Enrique found Sergi down the left and the Barcelona defender cut inside before unleashing a shot which the diving Bodo Illgner just managed to push away for a corner.
A minute later Andy Moller directed a stooping header just over from Lothar Matthaus' cross and goalkeeper Andoni Zubizarreta, back after suspension, soon had to dive bravely at Moller's feet to deny the midfielder.
The Germans were lucky after 33 minutes when Sergi rolled a ball across the face of goal but no Spaniard was on hand to convert.
The landmark international agreement, reached after years of tough bargaining, is due to take effect on January 1995 and will replace the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade with the new World Trade Organisation (WTO).
                    Korea-US (new series)                     600 words about 2230 GMT     KIGALI:         UN military observers from Senegal, Congo                     and Togo announce plans to leave Kigali                     after receiving threats linked to France's                     proposed military intervention, UN sources said.
According to the new law, everyone who entered the country after 1940 -- the date at which it was annexed by the old Soviet Union -- and before independence in 1990 will be considered an "illegal" and will have to wait until the year 2000 before they can be naturalised.
The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials ended the day with a loss of 33.61 points to close at 3,708.29 after falling more than 50 points in early trading.
Traders were also concerned about the dollar after the Commerce Department reported that the US trade deficit jumped to 8.40 billion dollars in April, sharply up from the March imbalance of 6.87 billion dollars.
Vodoo scare forces residents of Nigerian city to remain indoors  LAGOS, June 21 (AFP)  Frightened residents of Abeokuta, a city north of Lagos, brushed off reassurances from police and refused to venture out Tuesday after sorcerers said they had put a spell on the town.
But short-term rates in Germany are still at least a point higher, after inflation, to those offered in the United States, economist Gail Foster said.
Spain, under fire after throwing away a 2-0 advantage in their opening game against South Korea, led at half time through Andoni Goikoetxea but two minutes after the interval Klinsmann equalised.
The Germans, unusually subdued in the first half, had taken the game by the scruff of the neck after Klinsmann's equaliser but Spain refused to buckle and a draw was a fair result.
Spain created the first opening after ten minutes when Luis Enrique found Sergi down the left and the Barcelona defender cut inside before unleashing a shot which the diving Bodo Illgner just managed to push away for a corner.
A minute later Andy Moller directed a stooping header just over from Lothar Matthaus' cross and goalkeeper Andoni Zubizarreta, back after suspension, soon had to dive bravely at Moller's feet to deny the midfielder.
The Germans were lucky after 33 minutes when Sergi rolled a ball across the face of goal but no Spaniard was on hand to convert.
(CHICAGO) Two minutes into the second half Germany were level following a free kick after Fernando Hierro fouled Matthias Sammer.
The Germans then introduced Rudi Voller after 61 minutes and he soon gave Klinsmann a good opening which he scooped over the bar.
In the Rwandan capital, UN sources said military observers from Senegal, Congo and Togo would leave Wednesday after receiving threats from Rwandan rebels over France's planned military intervention.
UN observers from African countries to quit Kigali by Annie Thomas  KIGALI, June 22 (AFP)  UN military observers from Senegal, Congo and Togo will leave Kigali Wednesday after receiving threats from Rwandan rebels over France's proposed military intervention, UN sources said.
Fighting resumed in Kigali on Tuesday after a lull Monday which enabled about 600 civilians to be evacuated, but it was less heavy than during the weekend.
In Rome, after a diplomatic source in Brussels said Italy might send troops, Italian Foreign Minister Antonio Martino told parliament that Italy favoured an international intervention.
The news came after two days of talks at World Bank headquarters here on privatization and the emerging private sector in Russia.
Soccer's greatest showman back for command performance by Ron Wall  LOS ANGELES, California, June 21 (AFP)  Diego Maradona, who finished the last World Cup in tears after Argentina lost to Germany in the final, was all smiles on Tuesday after a sparkling four-goal win over Greece.
The three policemen were suspended immediately after the woman's death.
It offers Russia a free trade area with the EU after 1998 if it makes satisfactory progress towards a market economy, and commits Moscow to promote human rights and democracy.
Early Tuesday, after six hours of talks, union leaders rejected a package which offered pay increases in return for new working practices, but which failed to address the union's insistence on compensation for past productivity improvements.
The remark was made shortly after the dollar's downward pace accelerated, sending it below 100 yen for the first time in New York Tuesday, Kyodo said.
But Bulgaria could feel unlucky to have gone in 2-0 down after 45 minutes.
I was trying to cross the ball," Goikoetxea said after his first goal in 24 internationals.
US teenage vandal returns home  SINGAPORE, June 22 (AFP)  American teenager Michael Fay, caned for vandalising cars despite US protests, boarded a plane for home Wednesday after eluding press gathered at the airport.
Fay was sentenced to six strokes of the cane, four months' jail and fined 3,500 Singapore dollars (2,287 US) on March 3 after pleading guilty to spray painting cars, pelting them with eggs and retaining stolen property.
The Singapore government's decision to reduce the six lashes to four after Clinton's appeal still sparked off an official US protest against Singapore, with which Washington has close ties.
Fay was among a group of foreign students arrested last October after police investigated complaints of cars in an up-market residential area being sprayed with paint.
Chabot killed Bosscher in September 1991, only shortly after she came to see him in his surgery at Haarlem.
He said she was obsessed by the desire for death after her marriage failed, one of her two sons committed suicide and the other died of a brain tumour.
Lotus falls sharply on earnings forecast  BOSTON, June 21 (AFP)  Software maker Lotus Development's shares lost 28 percent after the group forecast sharply lower earnings for the second quarter.
In the Rwandan capital, UN sources said military observers from Senegal, Congo and Togo would leave Wednesday after receiving threats from Rwandan rebels over France's planned military intervention.
I was trying to cross the ball," right-back Andoni Goikoetxea said after his first goal in 24 internationals for Spain.
Spain, under fire after throwing away a 2-0 advantage in their opening game against South Korea, saw Klinsmann equalise two minutes after the interval.
A minute later Andy Moller directed a stooping header just over from Matthaus' cross and goalkeeper Andoni Zubizarreta, back after suspension, soon had to dive bravely at Moller's feet to deny the midfielder.
The Germans were lucky after 33 minutes when Sergi rolled a ball across the face of goal but no Spaniard was on hand to convert.
Branson's Virgin Atlantic continues to soar 10 years on By Pascale Juilliard and Jerome Rivet  LONDON, June 22 (AFP)  Ten years after Richard Branson leased a Boeing 747 to fly between London and New York, his company Virgin Atlantic Airways transports over a million passengers a year to nearly a dozen cities worldwide and looks set to expand further into the United States.
    LOS ANGELES, California, June 21 (AFP) - World Cup first-round standings  after Tuesday's matches:     Group A                     P   W   D   L   F   A Pts     Romania         1   1   0   0   3   1  3     United States   1   0   1   0   1   1  1     Switzerland     1   0   1   0   1   1  1     Colombia        1   0   0   1   1   3  0     To Play: 22-6 USA-Colombia, Switzerland-Romania; 26-6 USA-Romania,  Colombia-Switzerland     Group B                     P   W   D   L   F   A Pts     Brazil          1   1   0   0   2   0  3     Cameroon        1   0   1   0   2   2  1     Sweden          1   0   1   0   2   2  1     Russia          1   0   0   1   0   2  0     To Play: 24-6 Brazil-Cameroon, Sweden-Russia; 28-6 Russia-Cameroon,  Brazil-Sweden     more 
LOS ANGELES, California, June 21 (AFP)  World Cup goalscorers after Tuesday's games: 3: Gabriel Batistuta (Argentina) 2: Florin Raducioiu (Romania), Jurgen Klinsmann (Germany), Andoni Goikoetxea (Spain) 1: Fuad Amin Anwar (Saudi Arabia), Dan Amokachi (Nigeria), Emmanuel Amunike (Nigeria), Georges Bregy (Switz), Martin Dahlin (Sweden), Marc Degryse (Belgium), David Embe (Cameroon), Gheorghe Hagi (Romania), Hong Myung-Bo (S Korea), Ray Houghton (Rep of Ireland), Wim Jonk (Holland), Roger Ljung (Sweden), Diego Maradona (Argentina), Francois Omam-Biyik (Cameroon), Rai (Brazil), Kjetil Rekdal (Norway), Romario (Brazil), Julio Salinas (Spain), Seo Jung-Won (S Korea), Gaston Taument (Holland), Adolfo Valencia (Colombia), Eric Wynalda (USA), Rashidi Yekini (Nigeria) bdb94 
The open break in ranks came after Kim told the nation that the summit could "change history" in starting to chip away at the last barrier of the Cold War, -- the Demilitarized Zone that has divided Korean families for 50 years.
The assault was launched after the government and the church leadership rejected a three million peso (111,111 dollar) ransom.
One other wounded captive escaped after the massacre.
(DALLAS) Amokachi plays for Belgian side Bruges while Yekini moves to Olympiakos Piraeus next season after finishing top scorer in Portugal.
Maradona, who finished the last World Cup in tears after Argentina lost to Germany in the final, was all smiles after a sparkling four- goal win over Greece.
A draw after a somewhat fortunate 1-0 defeat of Mexico would probably be enough to ensure Norway of a place in the second round.
Both should play, but midfielder Alberigo Evani has been ruled out after pulling his hamstring on Monday.
(AFP)     KIGALI: UN military observers from Senegal, Congo and Togo will leave  Kigali Wednesday after receiving threats from Rwandan rebels over France's  proposed military intervention, UN sources said.
The PPP has recently distanced itself from the autonomy accords after initially endorsing the deal in the PLO executive committee.
In 1990, Monitor magazine was banned after it published a popularity poll which ranked Islam's Prophet Mohammad in 11th place, shocking many Indonesian Moslems.
Hata calls emergency cabinet meeting after dollar plunges below 100 yen  TOKYO, June 22 (AFP)  Japan's Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata called an emergency cabinet meeting Wednesday as businessmen expressed alarm at the dollar's overnight plunge below 100 yen for the first time in post-war history.
The Bank of Japan was said to be intervening in the foreign exchange market, reportedly buying several hundred million dollars at around 100.40 yen after the dollar recovered slightly in late New York and early Tokyo trading.
The meeting, called by Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata after the dollar plunged below 100 yen for the first time in post-war history, agreed that stabilising foreign exchange rates was "extremely important," Jiji Press said.
"The yen is already too high and people in America will say the dollar is too weak," Fujii told reporters after the meeting.
Thousands of Fuzhou residents were stranded in the upper stories of their houses Tuesday after torrential rainfall caused the Minjiang river to burst its banks, inundating the city's streets, the China Daily said.
North Korea allowing Japanese tourists again despite nuclear standoff  TOKYO, June 22 (AFP)  North Korea has resumed issuing tourist visas for Japanese after a year-long ban amid the nuclear standoff, a Tokyo travel agency said Wednesday.
Former US president Jimmy Carter brokered the summit proposal after a trip to Pyongyang last week aimed at defusing the Korean nuclear crisis.
(picture) Japan to push for G7 efforts after dollar sinks below 100 yen  TOKYO, June 22 (AFP)  Japanese cabinet ministers agreed at an emergency meeting Wednesday to push for global efforts to stabilise currencies after the dollar plunged below 100 yen for the first time in post-war history.
The Bank of Japan was meanwhile said to be intervening in the foreign exchange market, reportedly buying several hundred million dollars at around 100.40 yen after the dollar recovered slightly in late New York trading.
But it later rose to 101.25 yen in early afternoon trading after the midday meeting between Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata and key economic ministers.
"The yen is already too high and people in America will say the dollar is too weak," Fujii told reporters after the meeting.
(pictures) French captain sent off in unconvincing provincial win  NELSON, New Zealand, June 22 (AFP)  French captain of the day Xavier Blond was sensationally ordered off the field Wednesday after he apparently stomped on the head of a Nelson Bay's player in a 46-18 win for France.
Blond's sending-off seemed to inspire the remaining French players, with Leflemand going over after that for a try and Carbonneau for two.
Kakizawa, who met reporters after the meeting, quoted Barshefsky as telling him the United States also wanted to wrap up the so-called framework talks because of pressure from Congress and financial markets.
On Monday, the official China Daily reported that China would press ahead with nuclear energy development after proving the reliability of its first home-built reactor in Qinshan.
The military mounted the assault earlier this week after both the government and church officials refused to pay a three million-peso (111,000-dollar) ransom.
The Abu Sayyaf is a recent offshoot of the MNLF, which is now campaigning for self-rule in talks with the government after the failure of its separatist uprising in the early 1970s.
In Fujian, where some 20 people have lost their lives, the provincial capital Fuzhou was virtually cut off Wednesday after torrential rainfall caused the Minjiang river to burst its banks, inundating the city's streets, the China Daily said.
German striker back on song  CHICAGO, Illinois, June 22 (AFP)  Jurgen Klinsmann, his confidence fired by scoring both Germany's goals so far in the World Cup, is back on the warpath after an in-and-out club season with Monaco.
The North Korean message came two days after South Korea had called for a preparatory meeting on June 28 to work out details of the summit brokered last week by former US president Jimmy Carter.
"This buying interest was evident after the Bank of Japan's active dollar buying intervention helped the dollar regain the 101 yen level later in the day," he said.
"The Australian dollar has come off a little bit due to profit taking after its early rally," said Chase Manhattan foreign exchange dealer Andrew McGill.
(picture) Japan shudders as yen soars in new financial nightmare by Peter Starr  TOKYO, June 22 (AFP)  Japan shuddered Wednesday after the dollar sank below the important psychological barrier of 100 yen for the first time in post-war history, threatening to derail the fragile economic recovery now taking shape.
The yen's latest surge came only a day after the government announced that gross domestic product (GDP) in the three months to March grew by one percent from the previous quarter, the strongest rate of expansion in three years.
The bombs exploded in a restaurant in the Fethiye resort near Mugla shortly after three unidentified persons were seen fleeing after dropping a parcel in an adjacent yard, police said.
Expenditure on a national health insurance project, relief funds for farmers after the island is admitted into the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, and millions of dollars in compensation for the families of victims of a 1947 massacre during spontaneous rioting put down by police and troops, were expected to further strain government finances.
The comment came a day after Hussein said in Washington, "the opportunity will come sometime soon for a meeting between Israelis and Jordanian officials."
Forty-two African UN observers trying to quit Kigali by Annie Thomas  KIGALI, June 22 (AFP)  Forty-two UN military observers from Senegal, Congo and Togo were aboard buses ready to leave Kigali Wednesday morning after receiving threats from Rwandan rebels over their countries' backing of France's proposed military intervention, UN sources said.
At Trafalgar Park, named after the French naval defeat of 1805 in a city honouring the English victor Admiral Nelson, the French did little to impress with a disjointed effort.
A day after winning one of the closest elections in Colombian history, Samper proposed overhauling Colombia's anti-drug policy, including the creation of a US-Colombian anti-drug commission to coordinate strategies between the two countries.
"On the basis of the message we got, it was encouraging," he told a press conference after North Korea agreed to the South's proposal of a pre-summit meeting at the border truce village of Panmunjom on June 28.
Former Janata Dal prime minister Vishwanath Pratap Singh, who joined the party after quitting former premier Rajiv Gandhi's government, said the split was bound to happen.
Favourites court danger as rain causes backlog  LONDON, June 22 (AFP)  Improved weather came to the rescue of Wimbledon's tournament referee Alan Mills after Tuesday's rain and stoppages left a backlog of unfinished matches at the Championships.
To general astonishment, however, Sabatini, who has slumped to tenth in the rankings after a miserable series of results which included first-round humiliation at the recent French Open, managed to snatch the second set 6-4.
Wales are unbeaten on their South Pacific tour after earlier beating Fiji.
It took several hours for him to get through one and only them after the intervention of Israeli deputy chief of staff Amnon Shahak.
Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin sought Tuesday to play down the fighting a day after an Israeli soldier died and four others were wounded.
In the Rwandan capital, UN sources said military observers from French-speaking Senegal, Congo and Togo would leave Wednesday after receiving threats from Rwandan rebels over France's planned military intervention.
The atmosphere continues to be constructive," chief British negotiator Hugh Davies said after the second day of Sino-British Joint Liaison Group talks.
Under a 1991 agreement with Britain, China must be consulted if Hong Kong wants to raise more than five billion Hong Kong dollars (646.83 million US) of airport-related debt maturing after 1997.
    June 22 (AFP) - Our scheduled item ex-London on currency markets will be  slugged Forex-Euro-analysis and will be moved after our regular Forex-Euro  item.
Hans Haekkerup said in a written reply to to parliament's defence committee that "these radars were set up in Tuzla, Sarajevo, Bihac and Mostar, after Tuzla airport was shelled on May 17."
Swami Keshavanand, the head of a cash-rich commune in the western state of Gujarat, was arrested Tuesday in front of a jeering crowd following the death of a 14-year-old girl after a clumsy abortion, they said.
A a fortnight ago, a doctor who routinely performed abortions on Keshavanand's alleged victims went to the police after a falling out with the guru.
In the past 24 hours 51 civilians were admitted to Kabul's Karte Se hospital after clashes between Hekmatyar's Hezb-i-Islami faction and the pro-Rabbani Shiite Harakat-i-Islami faction.
Special mediator Jalil Shams reportedly left Kabul after two failed attempts to bring the rival delegations together.
The defeat came as a surprise after the SPD topped the polls through the winter.
Analysts said Scharping lost points after a series of statements in the spring about raising tax on high incomes, introducing speed limits on German motorways and failing to conceal his anger when Kohl's candidate, Roman Herzog, was elected president of Germany on May 23.
At least five Moslem bandits were reported killed by the military after they attacked the stronghold on Tuesday, using rocket-firing helicopters and mortars.
The 20 were freed after a ransom was paid but a local priest Father Cirilo Nacorda, 36, was held as a human shield.
The military mounted an assault this week after the government and church officials refused to pay a three million-peso (111,000-dollar) ransom for the priest.
The Abu Sayyaf is a recent offshoot of the MNLF, which is negotiating for self-rule in talks with the government after the failure of its separatist uprising in the early 1970s.
Dollar lifts after Bank of Japan intervention  LONDON, June 22 (AFP)  The dollar lifted against the European currencies in a technical reverse on Wednesday morning after the Bank of Japan intervened overnight to correct the dollar's slide to record post-war lows against the yen.
The dollar rose to 100.95 yen from 100.37 at Tuesday's close in London after slumping to a postwar low of 99.92 yen, shortly before the close.
Peter Wood, dealer at the Bank of Boston, said the dollar was gaining on a technical correction after the exaggerated movements on Tuesday.
Bangladeshi fundamentalists jubilant as leader's citizenship upheld  DHAKA, June 22 (AFP)  Hundreds of supporters of a major fundamentalist party rejoiced Wednesday after Bangladesh's highest court upheld a lower court verdict restoring the citizenship of their leader, Golam Azam.
Despite a blazing sun, the supporter's of Azam's Jamaat-e-Islami party, mostly capped and bearded, offered special mass thanksgiving prayers after the verdict at the adjacent national prayer ground.
Railway workers are protesting plans by the state-owned SNCF rail company to cut 5,900 jobs in 1994, after doing away with 6,000 jobs in the previous year.
Varennikov, who faces the death penalty if found guilty, said Gorbachev shook hands with the coup plotters after the meeting and told them: "Go to hell, do as you wish."
The programme ran into controversy soon after the first re-education course started and it was discovered that several hundred participants were only pretending to be Khmer Rouge.
If any countries were to continue to assist the rebels in any way after they had been outlawed, it would be direct interference in Cambodian affairs, he stressed.
The United Nations has also again suspended trade-off evacuations of Hutus and Tutsis to relative safety from behind the enemy front lines, after a lull enabled the moving of two groups of 300 people on Monday.
Forty-two UN troops from Senegal, Congo and Togo left the capital by road for Uganda, several hours after they had been due to leave.
General Romeo Dallaire, the UN military chief in Rwanda, decided to send the soldiers to safety after the RPF warned that if France launched an intervention it bitterly opposes, its men might not distinguish between French and French-speaking UN troops.
The RPF, many of whose men are English-speakers brought up in exile in Uganda after mass ethnic killings in the 1960s, accuse France of backing Hutu majority regimes in Rwanda and being indirectly responsible for the massacre of hundreds of thousands of Tutsis and Hutu opponents since early April.
Observers said the French initiative had called into question the whole UN mission, whose strength was already drastically slashed back from more than 2,000 to less than 500 after 10 Belgian peacekeepers were killed when the bloodbath was sparked by the April 6 death of Hutu president Juvenal Habyarimana in a suspected rocket attack on his plane.
He was only let through one of them after the intervention of Israeli deputy chief of staff Amnon Shahak.
According to the new law, everyone who entered the country after 1940 -- the date awhen it was forcibly annexed by the old Soviet Union -- and before independence in 1990 will be considered "illegal" residents and will have to wait until the year 2000 before they can be naturalised.
The Japanese journalists arrived in Rangoon a few days after the visit of a 45-member business delegation from Tokyo looking for business opportunities.
Japan, formerly Burma's largest aid donor, joined other major donor nations in suspending economic aid after the bloody 1988 coup, during which thousands of pro-democracy protesters were killed.
TAC and BAe are expected to reopen formal talks soon after the two sides reached a "very constructive consensus" in London in mid-June, the paper said.
It proposed in November to drop the joint venture after the government here withdrew its support for the plan.
The government turned on the Brotherhood, a non-violent Islamic movement, after an intensive police offensive succeeded in neutralizing the main militant Moslem group, the Jamaa Islamiyya.
The Brotherhood was officially banned here in 1954, after a failed assassination attempt on President Gamal Abdel Nasser.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 33.93 to 3,707.97 points after 34-point declines in each of the previous two days trading, while the London and Paris bourses lost more ground.
But by midmorning Wednesday, the greenback had lifted higher to 100.95 yen in London after a technical rebound and overnight Bank of Japan intervention.
"The summit takes place three days after the July FOMC and if no interest rate actions are taken, the dollar can hardly be expected to stabilise, let alone change course.
Peng's mother once tried sending medicine -- he has hepatitis B and a bad skin ailment -- but officials called her after three days to take it back.
Last August, police in Changsha detained US investor Philip Cheng for three days after a former business partner -- who owed him 165,000 US dollars -- falsified documents to arrange his arrest.
In March 1989, Hong Kong investor Choi Chi-ming was jailed in Wuhan on trumped-up gold smuggling charges after he refused to pay a staggering 531,000 US dollar bribe to police.
The WHO said malaria had returned with a vengeance around the world after a mass eradication campaign in the late 1970s.
According to the new law, everyone who entered the country after 1940 -- the date awhen it was forcibly annexed by the old Soviet Union -- and before independence in 1990 will be considered "illegal" residents and will have to wait until the year 2000 before they can be naturalised.
Meanwhile, in southeastern Fujian severe floods virtually cut off the provincial capital Fuzhou after torrential rainfall caused the Minjiang river to burst its banks, inundating the city's streets, the China Daily said.
The PTV, however, does flash a health ministry warning on dangers of smoking after each cigarette commercial in what is generally considered a meaningless ritual.
French intervention in Rwanda no longer than two months: government  PARIS, June 22 (AFP)  Planned French military intervention in Rwanda would last for at most two months, French government spokesman Nicolas Sarkozy said Wednesday after President Francois Mitterrand held talks with top ministers.
Police charged Egrenia Chanina, 23, and Svetlana Martynova, 20, with prostitution after they were caught in a sting operation in a Bangkok hotel, police colonel Sanit Miphan told reporters at a press conference Wednesday.
Harp complained that after all his past letters "I haven't received even the smallest shred of positive news."
Harp's kidnapping caused a stir in Mexico, coming two months after a peasant uprising in southeastern Mexico that killed 150 people and just days before the assassination of leading presidential candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio.
He told parliament this would be made easier by the continuing economic recovery after three years of severe recession.
Speaker trips up traveling deputies after budget fails to pass  MOSCOW, June 22 (AFP)  The speaker of the State Duma angrily lashed out at lawmakers and ordered that all travel plans for deputies be cancelled after the lower house failed in three separate votes to pass a controversial budget bill.
Speaker Ivan Rybkin said that a new vote would be held on Friday after the proposed budget bill failed to garner the required 225 votes to be passed on third reading.
British Aerospace was three pence higher at 464 after Singapore Airlines placed a 5.4 billion dollar aircraft order with Airbus.
In Copenhagen, Danish Defence Minister Hans Haekkerup said Wednesday that "these radars were set up in Tuzla, Sarajevo, Bihac and Mostar, after Tuzla airport was shelled on May 17," and the Danes demanded action from the UN.
In Sarajevo, meanwhile, sniper fire has fallen dramatically, said Annink, adding that the UN had reinforced its anti-sniper measures after a passer-by was killed and three injured by Serb snipers near the Holiday Inn on Sunday.
A UN mission sent to Rwanda to oversee a now-defunct peace pact signed last August between the Tutsi rebels and the government was drastically scaled down from more than 2,000 men to fewer than 500 after 10 Belgian peacekeepers were killed in April.
"Sanctions are unavoidable after 30 days.
The offer was relayed to the White House Sunday by former US president Jimmy Carter after a visit to North Korea and a meeting with President Kim Il-Sung.
The motion is expected to be submitted to parliament on Friday after the government's fiscal 1994 budget is given final parliamentary approval on Thursday, LDP sources said.
According to relatives the man became obsessed with hanging himself after his wife left him last year.
More than 100 students were arrested in Seoul over the weekend after the most violent riots since President Kim Young-Sam came to power.
The two men, in Brussels for Russia's signature to NATO's partnership for peace military programme, were addressing a press conference after holding bilateral talks which also covered the North Korean nuclear inspection crisis.
The bombs exploded in a  restaurant shortly after three unidentified persons were seen fleeing after  dropping a parcel in an adjacent yard.
Emirates projects manager Lawrence Smith said after signing of the deal: "We have now procured a complete range of the most up to date simulation equipment in the world, enabling us to provide not only our own flight, cabin crew and engineers with training to the highest level but also to offer such training to other operators of similar equipment, making our investment even more cost effective."
Dollar stead, but fragile  NEW YORK, June 22 (AFP)  The dollar was steady but fragile here Wednesday morning in nervous trading after the rout the day before and in anticipation of Federal Reserve Chairman Allan Greenspan testimony to Congress.
The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials rose 14.27 points to 3,722.24 about 25 minutes after the session opened on the New York Stock Exchange.
Of the DEP's 13 deputies, five are already under arrest on "separatism" charges, after their parliamentary immunity was lifted in March.
The Abkhazian parliament voted to secede from Georgia in August 1992 and in September of last year routed Georgian troops from their territory after 13 months of fighting that left more than 3,000 people dead.
Keys said the challenge facing the country was to focus the "nation's efforts on properly meeting the needs and aspirations of all its people" and this would be made easier by the continuing economic recovery after three years of severe recession.
The German constitution or Basic Law, drawn up after the Nazi defeat in 1945, does not explicitly forbid the sending of troops outside the country, but successive governments have always interpreted it as excluding the use of German troops outside NATO's operational territory.
The question came to a head after UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali called for Germany's "real participation on the ground" in January last year during a visit to Germany, the United Nations' third largest financial contributor.
Clinton said a day after the dollar hit an all-time low against the Japanese yen that he reviewed the greenback's problems Tuesday and spoke with Bentsen again on Wednesday.
                    Rwanda,lead                     700 words moved     WASHINGTON:     Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan                     testifies in Congress after the dollar drops to                     a post-World War II-low against the Japanese                     yen.
                    Germany-politics,2ndlead                     600 words around 1630 GMT                     by Marie-Laure Michel     ADEN     Yemen:          At least a dozen people die and 40 are                     wounded in fighting around Aden as                     rival leaders refuse to give in to the                     other                     Yemen,roundup                     500 words around 1600 GMT                     by Maher Chmaytelli     BOGOTA:         Just two days after his election as president,                     Ernesto Samper faces serious accusations that                     his campaign was bankrolled by the Cali cocaine                     cartel.
Kozyrev was speaking during a meeting with US Secretary of State Warren Christopher after he signed Russia up for the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation's Partnership for Peace Programme of military cooperation.
Blue chips up  NEW YORK, June 22 (AFP)  Blue chip stocks were up Wednesday morning here, propelled by falling long-term interest rates and the firming of the dollar after being battered for several days.
The girl broke down in tears several times as she told how she was raped last November after school near a sandpit.
On her way home, after the boy left on his bicycle, the girl ran into another child, who raised the alarm after hearing what had happened.
The defendant is the youngest child to stand trial for rape after the law relating to the criminal responsibility of children was modified last September to allow minors of less than 14 years of age to be charged with the offence.
UNAMIR was drastically scaled down from more than 2,000 men to fewer than 500 after the death of 10 Belgian peacekeepers in violence that erupted when Hutu president Juvenal Habyarimana died in a suspect rocket attack on his plane on April 6.
An additional four WFP truck-trailers with 60 tonnes of relief food for Burundi are also presently at Kakitumba border crossing awaiting official RPF security clearance after which they will travel down through northeastern Rwanda, across into Tanzania at Rusumo, then proceed to Burundi through Kibero, the statement said.
The problem is war," said Marcos, expressing frustration after months of negotiations.
SPD nominates Scharping to challenge Kohl by Marie-Laure Michel  HALLE, Germany, June 22 (AFP)  Social Democratic Party leader Rudolf Scharping sought to rally his beleaguered opposition group after a poor showing in European elections as he was nominated Wednesday to challenge Chancellor Helmut Kohl in October elections.
"We want to govern, we can govern and we will govern," Scharping told delegates at a two-day special convention of Germany's largest opposition party after being nominated by an overwhelming margin, 479 out of 502 votes.
Scharping, 46, faces an uphill struggle after his party's unexpectedly weak showing in the European Parliament election June 12, in which the SPD garnered 32.2 percent against the ruling Christian Democrats' 38.8 percent.
Analysts said Scharping lost points after a series of statements about raising tax on high incomes, introducing speed limits on Germany's free-wheeling motorways and failing to conceal his anger when Kohl's candidate, Roman Herzog, was elected president of Germany on May 23.
Scharping refused to comment on the possibilty of joining up with the left-wing Alliance 90-Greens party after the October 16 election as called for by the SPD's left wing.
Scharping lashed out at Kohl's policy record after 12 years in power, saying pledges of economic renewal after German unification had turned out to be a step backward for Germans in social terms.
Henderson, who retires after eight years as chairman, said the new appointments would "provide an admirable mix of continuity and outside experience which will build on ICI's strong performance since demerger."
German casualty list grows by Keith Dickson  LONDON, June 22 (AFP)  Germany's Michael Stich, scowling at officials and a hostile crowd, was jeered off Wimbledon's number-two court on Wednesday after a shock straight-sets defeat to American qualifier Bryan Shelton.
Stich's humiliating 3-6, 3-6, 4-6 loss came just 24 hours after Steffi Graf was drummed out of the women's singles in straight-sets by American Lori McNeil.
"To have come through the qualifying tournament at Roehampton I knew I nust be doing something right," smiled Shelton after his win.
The first-round defeat caps a miserable Grand Slam year for Stich, who had arrived at the All England Club full of confidence after winning at Halle at the weekend.
The world number-one made everything look all too easy as he surged into the third round after a 6-3, 6-4, 6-2 win.
Boetsch went down to aggressive Russian Andrei Olhovskiy 6-2, 6-3, 7-5 while a back injury forced Leconte to call it a day after five games of the final set after resuming his clash with Spain's Alex Corretja at two sets all.
To be sure, M3 growth slowed slightly in May at an annualized rate of 13.7 percent, against 15.4 in April - after annualized rates of 15.4 percent in March, 17.5 in February and 21.2 percent in January.
He said the Bundesbank's first duty at the press conference it is to hold Thursday in Potsdam, after the central council meeting there, was to "calm the markets" by convincing them that M3 growth does not represent any inflationary danger.
Air France hotel subsidiary Meridien runs into financial turbulence  PARIS, June 22 (AFP)  The Meridien hotel group, an Air France subsidiary whose fate is in doubt, ran into financial turbulence last year that took results into the red because of lower business in Europe, after several years of profitability, the group reported on Wednesday.
Military ruler General Sani Abacha dissolved the Senate, along with Nigeria's other democratic institutions, in November after he took power.
The 15-member Security Council members held consultations Wednesday morning, after which a French-sponsored draft resolution was to be approved in the afternoon with minor changes, the diplomats said.
The draft authorizes the deployment of a French-led multinational force for two months after its adoption.
Claire Duplessis-Nicolai, a widow from the Riviera town of Frejus, who caught the AIDS virus after her husband received a contaminated blood transfusion, brought poisoning charges against the three former ministers last February.
Lawyers' leader in hospital after hunger strike  CAIRO, June 22 (AFP)  The Bar Association head was rushed to hospital on Wednesday after going on hunger strike to force publication of a report into the death of a lawyer in police custody, the Egyptian Organisation for Human Rights (EOHR) said.
The organisation said Abdel Aziz Mohammad suffered a serious imbalance in his blood sugar levels, and that "his life is in danger" after five days on hunger strike.
"He said he did not exclude the possibility of Russia joining NATO after a period of cooperation and partnership.
Cernik, 72, was hospitalized at Ostrava-Zabreh, in northern Moravia after the accident which happened Monday.
The accident came a year after Alexander Dubcek, the pro-reform leader of the Czechoslovak communist party in 1967, died following a car crash.
"We were all knackered after the game against Mexico," said Johnsen.
Estonia protests Yeltsin move on border  MOSCOW, June 22 (AFP)  Estonia formally protested Wednesday after President Boris Yeltsin ordered Russian authorities unilaterally to demarcate a contested border by the end of the year, Estonian radio said.
Jockey's death accidental  LONDON, June 22 (AFP)  The death of British jockey Steve Wood, who was trampled by a horse after falling from his mount last month, was accidental, an inquest jury decided on Wednesday.
The crackdown came a week after President Boris Yeltsin issued a decree giving police wide-ranging new powers to fight the crime epidemic in the Russian capital.
Voicing concern about the dollar's weakness a day after it hit a post- World War II low against the Japanese yen, Bentsen said the G7 "continues to be prepared to act as appropriate" in the foreign exchange markets.
Bentsen's remarks came hours after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan told a congressional committee that the US economic outlook was bright, with few signs of inflationary pressure.
In any case, leading European stock markets all rose on Wednesday, with the Milan bourse posting a big gain of 3.63 percent on the basis of the Mibtel index, which ended at 11,145 points, boosted by what dealers called "technical adjustments" after sharp losses last week and on Monday.
ICI gained 18 pence to end at 756 in reaction to positive broker comment after a presentation to financial analysts on Tuesday.
Insurance stocks rose after announcement of the creation in July of the PIA, a new sector self-regulation body.
Aluminium was down three dollars at 1,472 dollars per tonne, after a strike was avoided at two aluminium plants owned by Norway's Elkem when agreement was reached with the unions.
The Times increased its circulation by 163,000 after dropping its prices in September, while that of other nationals dropped.
The move to reassure the markets came a day after the dollar fell to a post-World War II low against the Japanese yen.
Dutch emergency The plane taking Holland's squad from Washington to Orlando was forced into an emergency landing at Richmond, Virginia five minutes after take-off on Tuesday when Dutch journalist Leo Driessen lost consciousness.
TAC and BAe are expected to reopen formal talks soon after the two sides reached a "very constructive consensus" in London in mid-June, the paper said.
It proposed in November to drop the joint venture after the government here withdrew its support for the plan.
In March, a surplus of 700 million kronor (90.9 million dollars) was recorded, after scoring an 800 million kronor (103.8 million dollars) surplus in February.
That demonstration was broken up after protesters ignored an ultimatum to disperse and city officials ordered OMON riot police to break up the rally, resulting in a number of injuries.
Peace talks between Israel and Syria were suspended after the February 25 Hebron mosque massacre.
Southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid declared the breakaway Yemen Democratic Republic (YDR) on May 21, two weeks after fighting erupted between north and south.
"The traitor (Baid) declared the secession after having collected together the cost," Saleh said, without giving details on the origins of the money.
The declaration of the YDR ended four years of uneasy unity after the former North and South Yemens merged.
President-elect accused of using drug money in campaign by Andre Birukoff  BOGOTA, June 22 (AFP)  Barely two days after being elected president, Ernesto Samper Wednesday faced explosive allegations that his campaign was bankrolled by the Cali cocaine cartel.
They came to nothing, however, after they came under fire from the United States, which on several occasions had reproached Colombian authorities for not being tough enough on the drug lords.
Opposition leader resurfaces defiant after 10 days on run  LAGOS, June 22 (AFP)  Moshood Abiola, the opposition leader sought by police nationwide, came out of hiding Wednesday and pledged to press on with forming a democratic government in his first public appearance since the military regime accused him of treason 10 days ago.
Chief Abiola, widely believed to have won presidential elections a year ago -- later annulled by the regime -- returned home after the speech, surrounded by so many supporters that police charged with surveillance withdrew for fear they might be attacked, his associates said.
The opposition leader had been missing since he slipped away under the nose of police earlier this month while under house arrest after the authorities accused him of treason.
It was the opposition leader's first public appearance since June 11 when he went underground immediately after he proclaimed himself "President and Commander-In-Chief of the Armed Forces of Nigeria".
But Railtrack, the public body which operates infrastructure, track and signalling and will continue to do so after the privatisation of British Rail, is only offering 2.5 percent, refusing to consider anything higher without a link to productivity.
The meeting comes a week after representatives of the Big Three US automakers travelled to Seoul to urge the government to make it easier for them to do business in South Korea.
But if that is what the manager decides I will accept it," the 25-year-old midfielder, who played every minute of Norway's qualifying matches, said after Norway's eve- of-match training session at Giants Stadium.
Rekdal played only the last 13 minutes of the Mexico match but that was enough for him to score the crucial goal after a typical surging run into the Mexican box.
The player has been busy trying to defuse the controversy at home that arose after he stormed out of the stadium in dark glasses immediately after the win over Mexico.
Novotna survives gruelling first test  LONDON, June 22 (AFP)  Jana Novotna, last year's Wimbledon finalist who shed tears after her defeat by Steffi Graf, made a winning start to her 1994 campaign on Wednesday with a three-set victory over Miriam Oremans.
The poll, which has a three percent margin for error, comes after the release of better-than-expected television audiences and confounds the pessimism created by pre-tournament polls.
In northern Bosnia, fierce fighting around Serb-held Mount Ozren that erupted after Bosnian forces tried to regain lost territory abated late Wednesday, according to UNPROFOR spokesman Major Rob Annink.
Trade relations, foreign investments in the former Soviet bloc countries, and social problems after the fall of communism will also be on the agenda.
The public prosecutor at Frankfurt-an-der-Oder on the Polish border ordered an investigation after a report by the daily Berliner Zeitung that police beat and humiliated Vietnamese cigarette peddlers after identity checks.
The suspended police officer, aged 34, was identified after the Berliner Zeitung report, police said.
She based the case on an incident in March 1989 when Turkish Cypriot police arrested her along with other protesters after they marched across the buffer zone separating the Greek- and Turkish-controlled parts of Cyprus.
Sutter cracked a left-foot drive past Romanian goalkeeper Bogdan Stelea from outside the penalty area after receiving a knock back by striker Stephane Chapuisat.
Colombians shaken by bomb threats  LOS ANGELES, California, June 22 (AFP)  Colombia's World Cup team to play the United States on Wednesday was thrown into confusion after they received death threats from Bogota.
Midaj added that Kuwait was considering opening its oil market to foreign companies after almost 20 years of state control, and that studies would be complete before the end of the year.
The decision was announced by Lee Brown, director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, after the US moved on May 1 to deny the two countries access to intelligence on drug trafficking activities.
The Pentagon acted after learning that Lima and Bogota were planning to use the flight information provided by the US defense department to shoot down suspected drug-running aircraft.
Opposition grew after a Russian warplanes shot down a South Korean airliner in September 1983, killing all 269 people aboard.
Brown said the administration would present new legislation soon, specifying that any move to fire on a plane could come only after it was visually identified, ignored orders to land and was given warning shots.
The paper was still deciding what action to take after Thursday, he said.
The Times increased its circulation by 163,000 after dropping its prices in September, and in May registered record sales of 517,575 copies.
Blue chips rebound on strength of dollar, bonds  NEW YORK, June 22 (AFP)  Blue chip stocks rallied Wednesday after three straight losing sessions, buoyed by falling long-term interest rates and the firming of the beleaguered dollar on foreign exchange markets.
President-elect accused of using drug money in campaign  BOGOTA, June 22 (AFP)  Just two days after his victory in Sunday's presidential elections, Ernesto Samper faced explosive allegations that his campaign was bankrolled by the Cali cocaine cartel.
They came to nothing, however, after they came under fire from the United States, which on several occasions had reproached Colombian authorities for not being tough enough on the drug lords.
He made his comments after the US administration verified reports by former US president Jimmy Carter of Pyongyang's eagerness to defuse the dispute over North Korea's refusal to allow inspection of its nuclear facilities.
King Hussein, meanwhile, ducked a question on a separate peace between Jordan and Israel after implying Tuesday that it might be a possibility.
Asked about a tripartite summit involving him, Clinton and Israeli Premier Yitzhak Rabin, King Hussein appeared surprised and said after a slight pause that the subject was not discussed with the US president.
He made his comments after the US administration verified reports by former US president Jimmy Carter of Pyongyang's eagerness to defuse the dispute over North Korea's refusal to allow inspection of its nuclear facilities.
Forget, 29 and returning after a lengthy injury lay-off, won his first match of the year on Wednesday when he crushed 'lucky-loser' Doug Flach of the United States 6-1, 6-1, 6-2.
The popular London-based Swede had snatched the first set after a dramatic tie-break at 8-6 when play was stopped for the day late Wednesday.
The Commerce Department laid out its plans for ASEAN after US ambassadors to those countries met businessmen in five major US cities to encourage them to tap into the booming markets of Southeast Asia.
The Swiss, whose 1-1 draw with the United States on Saturday was their first goal in three international matches, destroyed the Romanians in the second half after being level 1-1 at halftime.
Until Wednesday's disaster, Romania had looked to be in charge in Group A, after their 3-1 victory over pre-tournament favourites Colombia.
The Swiss took the lead in the 16th minute when long-haired midfielder Alain Sutter cracked a left-foot drive past Romanian keeper Bogdan Stelea from outside the penalty area after receiving a knock back by Chapuisat.
"I feel great," said the 19-year-old Fay, declining to make further comment as arrived home after serving 83 day in a Singapore jail for spattering paint and eggs on cars and holding stolen property.
Fay's case drew international attention after President Bill Clinton urged the Singaporeans to call off the caning, which the American press described as barbaric.
The teenager was sentenced to six strokes of the cane, four months' jail and fined 3,500 Singapore dollars (2,287 US) on March 3 after pleading guilty.
The Singapore government's reduced the six lashes to four after Clinton's appeal and the punishment was carried out on May 5.
Fay was among a group of foreign students arrested last October after police investigated complaints of cars in an up-market residential area being sprayed with paint.
Interviewed on CNN television immediately after Clinton's announcement, Carter said the result of his visit "was like a miracle ...
Russia will reconsider relations with Latvia after citizenship law  MOSCOW, June 22 (AFP)  Russia said Wednesday it would review ties with Latvia if the Baltic state implements citizenship laws which will leave most ethnic Russians stateless.
The Russian foreign ministry said it would "assess future relations with Latvia according to how the situation there develops after the adoption of this law".
URGENT  LOS ANGELES, California, June 22 (AFP)  Colombia dropped Gabriel Jaime Gomez from their team to play the United States here on Wednesday after they received death threats from Bogota.
Coach Francisco Maturana gave in to pressure from the Colombian football federation after someone threatened to bomb both the player and coach's homes if Gomez played.
He dropped Gabriel Jaime Gomez after receiving death threats from Bogota and replaced him with Herman Gaviria.
But after talking over the threats with the player, whose brother Hernan Dario Gomez is his assistant, Maturana finally decided to make the change.
URGENT  LAGOS, June 23 (AFP)  Nigerian opposition leader Moshood Abiola was arrested by police at his home in northern Lagos after coming out of hiding to defy the military-backed government, one of his close aides said Thursday.
But Hurd said after talks with several senators that the drive to lift the embargo could become "irresistable" if the warring parties do not accept a peace settlement soon to be proposed by the international community.
President Bill Clinton is under mounting pressure from Congress to lift the weapons ban for the Moslem-led government in Sarajevo after 26 months of war that has left the Serbs in control of 70 percent of Bosnia.
United jet makes emergency landing  TORONTO, June 22 (AFP)  A United Airlines DC-10 with 285 passengers aboard made an emergency landing here Wednesday after one of its engines caught fire, aviation officials said.
Colombia had gone desperately close after only six minutes when the ball ping-ponged across the face of the US goal.
Clavijo, 36, had replaced Cle Kooiman in defence after their 1-1 draw with Switzerland in America's opening match.
Colombian coach Francisco Maturana dropped Gabriel Jaime Gomez after receiving death threats from Bogota and replaced him with Gaviria.
Nigerian opposition leader arrested after addressing crowd  LAGOS, June 23 (AFP)  Nigerian opposition leader Moshood Abiola was arrested by police at his home in northern Lagos after coming out of hiding to defy the military-backed government, one of his close aides said Thursday.
(new series) Dollar stabilizes after statments from Greenspan, Clinton  WASHINGTON, June 22 (AFP)  The dollar stabilized Wednesday after the US administration called the economy fundamentally strong and said it was prepared to take action to stem the greenback's slide.
On Wall Street, blue chip stocks rallied after three straight losing sessions.
The move to reassure the markets came a day after the dollar fell to a post-World War II low against the yen.
There was pressure on the Swiss and their English coach Roy Hodgson after the team had scored just one goal in their last three internationals but that vanished with a three-goal second half.
To cap a dire day for the Romanians, Ion Vladoiu was sent off by Tunisian referee Neji Jouini in the 74th minute just three minutes after coming on as a substitute.
Midfielder Alain Sutter put the Swiss ahead in the 16th minute when he cracked a left-foot drive past Romanian keeper Bogdan Stelea from outside the penalty area after Chapuisat had won the ball inside the box.
Gheorghe Hagi equalised with a rasping strike from 20 metres nine minutes before half-time but the Swiss obliterated Romania with a flurry of goals after the break.
Georges Bregy was officially credited with the goal after his swinging free kick evaded the head of Knup to go into the net.
In April German politicians shunned the Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama for fear of offending Beijing, though earlier this month Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel met Chinese dissident Wang Juntao, recently freed after more than four years in jail.
He will oppose Richard Loe who was last year banned from playing rugby for six months after an eye-gouging incident.
Sunday's match will also mark the return of veteran Olivier Roumat to the test lineup for the first time since being axed from the team after the Five Nations loss to England.
Nigerian opposition leader arrested after addressing crowd by Jacques Pinto  LAGOS, June 23 (AFP)  Nigerian opposition leader Moshood Abiola was arrested by police at his home in northern Lagos after coming out of hiding to defy the military-backed government, one of his close aides said Thursday.
Colombia's World Cup in tatters by Rebecca Bryan  LOS ANGELES, California, June 22 (AFP)  Colombia's World Cup challenge was in tatters on Wednesday after an inept performance saw them crash 2-1 to the United States.
Colombian coach Francisco Maturana dropped Gabriel Jaime Gomez after receiving death threats from Bogota and replaced him with Herman Gaviria.
Downing Street moggy strikes again: Times  LONDON, June 23 (AFP)  A fortnight after being cleared by Prime Minister John Major of devouring four baby robins, Humphrey, the Downing Street cat, is under fresh attack for sneaking back to Number 10 with a duckling for supper.
Colombia had gone desperately close after only six minutes when the ball ping-ponged across the face of the US goal.
Clavijo, 36, had replaced Cle Kooiman in defence after their 1-1 draw with Switzerland in America's opening match.
LOS ANGELES, California, June 22 (AFP)  World Cup goalscorers after Wednesday's games: 3: Gabriel Batistuta (Argentina) 2: Georges Bregy (Switzerland), Andoni Goikoetxea (Spain), Gheorghe Hagi (Romania), Jurgen Klinsmann (Germany), Florin Raducioiu (Romania), Adolfo Valencia (Colombia) 1: Fuad Amin Anwar (S Arabia), Daniel Amokachi (Nigeria), Emmanuel Amunike (Nigeria), Stephane Chapuisat (Switzerland), Martin Dahlin (Sweden), Marc Degryse (Belgium), David Embe (Cameroon), Hong Myung-Bo (South Korea), Ray Houghton (Republic of Ireland), Wim Jonk (Holland), Julio Salinas (Spain), Adrian Knup (Switzerland), Roger Ljung (Sweden), Diego Maradona (Argentina), Francois Omam-Biyik (Cameroon), Rai (Brazil), Kjetil Rekdal (Norway), Romario (Brazil), Seo Jung-Won (South Korea), Ernie Stewart (USA), Alain Sutter (Switzerland), Gaston Taument (Holland), Eric Wynalda (USA), Rachidi Yekini (Nigeria) Own goal: Andres Escobar (Colombia) str94 
The story came after series of overseas reports saying Deng, 89, is either seriously ill or even dead.
(AFP)     WASHINGTON: The dollar stabilized after the US administration called the  economy fundamentally strong and said it was prepared to take action to stem  the greenback's slide.
(AFP)     LAGOS: Nigerian opposition leader Moshood Abiola was arrested by police at  his home in northern Lagos after coming out of hiding to defy the  military-backed government, one of his close aides said.
"I am happy for the fans, and I hope I am happy after the second round as well."
Maturana reluctantly replaced him with Herman Gaviria, after Colombian federation president Juan Jose Bellini insisted they could not put the player's family at risk.
Sweden, who have six wins and seven draws in their 20 internationals with Russia, are in slightly better shape than the Russians, having fought back after conceding two goals to finish with a point against Cameroon.
"We are afraid of no one and my boys are looking forward to meeting Argentina," said Westerhof after his side had destroyed Bulgaria 3-0.
We have been working for this moment for five years," said the 53-year-old Westerhof, who is expected to retire as Nigerian coach after the finals.
Bulgarian coach Dimitar Penev, clearly stunned after watching his side humiliated by Nigeria, ordered his players to a closed practice session Wednesday evening.
"At the moment I am in shock and the players are in shock after what happened against Nigeria."
Westerhof summed up Bulgaria's problems perfectly after the match.
The meeting comes a week after representatives of the "Big Three" US automakers travelled to Seoul to urge the government to make it easier for them to do business in South Korea.
The row came only three days after it was announced that Cameroon had settled their latest pay dispute.
"They are looking forward to the game on Friday, and with an opportunity that we can qualify out of this group after two games, that's a great incentive for them".
Midfielder Andy Townsend insisted he will be fit to lead the side after his right knee was badly swollen when he suffered an allergic reaction in the sweltering conditions here.
Mexico face a life or death situation after their opening defeat by Norway.
Coach Miguel Mejia Baron has confirmed that midfielder Alberto Garcia Aspe will return after a ban for being sent off in Mexico's final qualifier.
Colombia, whose domestic championship was once suspended in 1989 when a referee was killed, had to change their side after someone threatened to blow up their homes.
"It's a disaster," said Colombian coach Francisco Maturana who had been forced to drop Gabriel Jaime Gomez after death threats from Bogota to blow up his and the midfielder's homes.
The Cameroon players threatened a strike Wednesday, just three days after their latest pay dispute had supposedly been settled.
Francois Omam-Biyik and David Embe put Cameroon ahead after Roger Ljung opened the scoring early on.
Martin Dahlin put the sides level after firing home from a rebound off the crossbar.
The Knicks came no closer than four after that.
The Khmer Rouge, ordered out of Phnom Penh after peace talks with the government broke down, called for King Sihanouk to head a government of national union in order to bring political and military peace to Cambodia.
Trading in Nippon Shoji shares, listed on the second section of the Osaka Stock Exchange, was suspended from trading after prices plummetted six percent to 3,100 yen on October 12, the day the ministry issued the warning.
It offers Russia a free trade area with the EU after 1998 if it makes satisfactory progress towards a market economy, and commits Moscow to promote human rights and democracy.
Washington's decision to go ahead with the Geneva talks came after North Korea sent a letter confirming reports by former US president Jimmy Carter of Pyongyang's pledge to freeze its nuclear program.
Jira was given 20 days to get rid of the crocodiles after complaints of a crocodile pit on school grounds were made by concerned parents.
The monarch ducked a question on a separate peace between Jordan and Israel after implying Tuesday that it might be a possibility.
An agency official attributed the decline mainly to a sharp drop in rice purchases, after consumers rushed to hoard rice on news of rice shortages.
The April decline followed a 4.3 percent fall in March and 0.5 percent drop in February after four straight months of gains from October to January.
Peace talks between the two neighbours were suspended after the February 25 Hebron mosque massacre.
The row came only three days after it was announced that Cameroon had settled their latest pay dispute.
    LOS ANGELES, California, June 21 (AFP) - World Cup first-round standings  after Wednesday's matches:     Group A (played, won, drawn, lost, goals for, against, points)     Switzerland     2  1   1   0   5   2   4     USA             2  1   1   0   3   2   4     Romania         2  1   0   1   4   5   3     Colombia        2  0   0   2   2   5   0     Group B     Brazil          1   1   0   0   2   0  3     Cameroon        1   0   1   0   2   2  1     Sweden          1   0   1   0   2   2  1     Russia          1   0   0   1   0   2  0     Group C     Germany         2   1   1   0   2   1   4     Spain           2   0   2   0   3   3   2     South Korea     1   0   1   0   2   2   1     Bolivia         1   0   0   1   0   1   0     Group D     Argentina       1   1   0   0   4   0  3     Nigeria         1   1   0   0   3   0  3     Bulgaria        1   0   0   1   0   3  0     Greece          1   0   0   1   0   4  0     Group E     Ireland         1   1   0   0   1   0   3     Norway          1   1   0   0   1   0   3     Italy           1   0   0   1   0   1   0     Mexico          1   0   0   1   0   1   0     Group F     Holland         1   1   0   0   2   1  3     Belgium         1   1   0   0   1   0  3     Saudi Arabia    1   0   0   1   1   2  0     Morocco         1   0   0   1   0   1  0     bur/tw 
What to do with several valuable British military sites scattered around Hong Kong has been up in the air for seven years, as China tries to reserve strategic areas for its People's Liberation Army after 1997.
China is also pressing for an expansion of the existing Royal Navy base on Stonecutters Island, deep inside Victoria Harbour, for use by the PLA navy after the handover.
Delaware executes convicted double murderer by lethal injection  SMYRNA, Delaware, June 23 (AFP)  A man convicted of stabbing to death an elderly couple during a drinking binge was executed by lethal injection early Thursday, hours after the Supreme Court rejected two stays of execution.
Hawaii's Japanese rolling out red carpet for Emperor by Allan Kelly  HONOLULU, Hawaii, June 22 (AFP)  Hawaii's Japanese community was ready to roll out the red carpet for Emperor Akihito when he arrives here Thursday nearly 20 years after his father came to the Pacific Ocean island state.
Eurotunnel aims for 'credible' cash flow in less than two years by Frederic Garlan  TOKYO, June 23 (AFP)  Eurotunnel, the operator of the new tunnel under the English Channel, aims to generate enough cash in less than two years to be able to refinance part of its debt, co-president Sir Alastair Morton said Thursday "When we establish a credible cash flow, the first thing will be to reduce the last part of our borrowing with lower-cost money," Sir Alastair told AFP after the company completed its latest capital increase in London and Paris Wednesday.
The "EuroStar" high-speed passenger trains and car shuttles are to start regular services in October after several months of trial runs.
SG Warburg Corporate Finance, the British broker to the 6.93 billion franc rights issue, made no announcement about the subscription level after the issue closed in London on Wednesday.
He won his first caps in the two play-offs against Australia last year after Argentina had been humiliated 5-0 by Latin American rivals Colombia.
A Northwest Airlines Boeing 747 jumbo jet bound for Taipei with 361 passengers and crew members developed engine trouble shortly after takeoff Wednesday evening, and returned to Narita, an airline spokesman said.
A spokesman for Israel's proxy South Lebanon Army (SLA) militia said Israeli artillery opened up after midnight Wednesday at Kfar Tibnit, a village adjacent to the security zone.
Abiola was arrested Wednesday after coming out of hiding to defy the military-backed government.
The 21-year-old Toulouse front rower Christian Califano will make his test debut at tighthead prop after being selected ahead of the more experienced Laurent Seigne.
He will oppose the fiery Richard Loe who last year was banned from the game for six months after an eye-gouging incident.
Centre Philippe Sella wins his 100th test cap on Saturday and former captain Olivier Roumat returns to the test lineup for the first time since he was axed after last season's Five Nations loss to England.
The operation started hours after the UN Security Council on Wednesday gave lukewarm support to a two-month mission by French-led troops to stop the ethnic carnage in the central African nation.
Since the socialists left the government last April, after a political squabble, Hata has been at the head of the nation's first minority government in almost four decades.
Han made the remarks as North Korea launched a broadside against the South's President Kim Young Sam, calling him a "traitor" whose group was "running round like a headless fly to provoke a new war, taking issue with the fictitious 'nuclear issue.'" The vitriolic attack, carried by the North's mouthpiece Korea Central News Agency (KCNA), monitored in Tokyo, came only a day after the North agreed warmly to a preparatory meeting for a summit between Kim Young-Sam and President Kim Il-Sung.
Washington's decision to go ahead with the Geneva talks came after North Korea sent a letter confirming reports by former US president Jimmy Carter of Pyongyang's pledge to freeze its nuclear program.
Palestinian police chief General Nasser Yussef warned HAMAS he would go after them if they did not obey the law after fundamentalists hanged two suspected collaborators on May 27.
The monarch ducked a question on a separate peace between Jordan and Israel after implying Tuesday that it might be a possibility.
Yeltsin responded with "a firm no" to a question on whether he would consider suspending the decree after the Duma on Wednesday approved a resolution stating that it violated civil rights and the constitution.
LDP President Yohei Kono delivered the motion to Lower House Speaker Takako Doi immediately after the approval of the long-delayed fiscal 1994 budget.
Kono submitted the motion less than an hour after parliament approved the budget for the current fiscal year, delayed by Tokyo's political turmoil.
Scared locomotive engineers deserted trains, as commuters predicted they would not return to work until after the Friday morning live telecast of the World Cup football match between South Korea and Bolivia.
A SLA spokesman said 20 shells had been fired after the commandos were spotted near Kfar Tibnit, a village adjacent to the security zone.
Referee Bishop awarded King Country a penalty try in the 52nd minute after one of the South African forwards refused three times to retire 10 metres for a tap penalty.
                    EU-summit                     500 words around 1100 GMT     ABUJA:          Nigerian police arrest the country's                     self-styled president, Moshood Abiola, who                     faces treason charges after coming out of                     hiding to defy the military junta.
Rothmans International fell by two pence to 378 after the company reported that annual pre-tax profits had fallen by 26.9 percent to 343.6 million pounds (515 million dollars).
Linz, established in 1982, reportedly expects imports of Italian clothing to jump to 90 percent of all sales in the coming autumn- winter season after rising from 50 percent to 70 percent in the past year as a result of the stronger yen.
Junta arrests Nigeria's self-proclaimed president by Jacques Pinto  LAGOS, June 23 (AFP)  Nigerian police arrested the country's self-styled president, Moshood Abiola, who faces treason charges after coming out of hiding to defy the military junta, and took him to Abuja on Thursday.
The man who won last year's annulled presidential elections on unofficial results was arrested at his home in Lagos after addressing a rally in Nigeria's business metropolis and led off to the federal capital, his aides said.
Shiu, 17, was in satisfactory condition after receiving six strokes from a rattan cane, the spokesman said in a statement.
Fay, 19, left Singapore for home on Wednesday after his release from jail.
The People's Daily, the party mouthpiece, quoted Vice Premier Zou Jiahua, who is heading a central government task force to southwestern Guangxi, as expressing his satisfaction with relief efforts after touring badly hit areas for two-days.
Deputy Interior Minister, Golam Hussein Bolandian, told the radio that 30 suspects had immediately been arrested after the incident, with many others rounded up later in other parts of the country.
Junta arrests Nigeria's self-proclaimed president by Jacques Pinto  LAGOS, June 23 (AFP)  Nigerian police arrested the country's self-styled president, Moshood Abiola, who faces treason charges after coming out of hiding to defy the military junta, and took him to Abuja on Thursday.
The man who won last year's annulled presidential elections on unofficial results was arrested at his home in Lagos after addressing a rally in Nigeria's business metropolis and led off to the federal capital, his aides said.
Electricity was cut in some neighborhoods after power lines were brought down.
Baid set up headquarters in Mukalla shortly after the war broke out on May 5.
"We are sticking to UN resolution 425 and we have the capability of preventing any infiltration or operation from the south against Israel after the implementation of that resolution," Dalul said.
Also Wednesday, the judge who sentenced Simpson to two years' probation and 120 hours of community service after charging him with spousal abuse in 1989, defended his decision Wednesday, saying he had not given the football star special treatment.
Roldan's spouse jailed  MADRID, June 23 (AFP)  The wife of Spain's fugitive former Civil Guard chief was jailed overnight in the western city of Avila after being interrogated about corruption charges against her husband, judicial sources said Thursday.
But 19 years after the end of the Vietnam war, most have been deemed to be "economic migrants" from their country's chronic poverty, leaving them no option but to return home -- either voluntarily under a UN program that offers them subsidies, or forcibly on irregular special flights to Hanoi.
It offers Russia a free trade area with the EU after 1998 if it makes satisfactory progress towards a market economy, and commits Moscow to promote human rights and democracy.
Marine and army assault units were holding fire on Thursday to pinpoint the positions of their quarry after killing 20 members of the self-styled Islamic fundamentalist group Abu Sayyaf and losing six men, the military chief said.
The Moslem group, which the military estimates to number about 150, kidnapped a group of Christian commuters on June 8, executed 15 of them and freed 20 others after collecting ransom.
The Abu Sayyaf is a recent offshoot of the Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF) which is now negotiating for Moslem self-rule in talks with the government after the failure of its separatist uprising in the early 1970s.
Juppe, speaking after briefing the Senate foreign affairs committee, said other countries might also offer logistical support and mentioned Italy, Belgium, Portugal and Spain.
"The meeting has been cancelled," a foreign ministry spokesman said a few hours after the opposition Liberal Democratic Party lodged a no- confidence motion against the government of Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata.
Kakizawa gained cabinet approval Tuesday to travel to the United States to seek a breakthrough in bilateral trade talks, resumed this month after a three-and-a-half-month suspension.
The incident came a few hours after Israeli shelling killed a Lebanese soldier and wounded two others in south Lebanon.
A SLA spokesman said 20 shells had been fired after the commandos were spotted near Kfar Tibnit, a village adjacent to the security zone.
The agreement, the second of its kind with an ex-Soviet republic after Ukraine 10 days ago signed a similar document, will strengthen both economic and political relations between the two sides.
The EU deal comes two days after Russia signed the "Partnership for Peace" agreement with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization in Brussels in a military arrangement that may eventually lead to NATO membership.
Hata's remarks came after the main opposition Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) which lost power after 38 years last August, submitted a no- confidence motion against the prime minister.
LDP President Yohei Kono delivered the motion to lower house speaker Takako Doi immediately after the approval of the long-delayed fiscal 1994 budget.
Kono submitted the motion less than an hour after parliament approved the budget for the current fiscal year, delayed by the political turmoil.
                    China-credit                     550 words     HONOLULU,       Hawaii:       Hawaii's Japanese community is ready to roll out                     the red carpet for Emperor Akihito when he arrives                     here Thursday nearly 20 years after his father came                     to the Pacific Ocean island state.
Hawaii's Japanese rolling out red carpet for emperor by Allan Kelly  HONOLULU, Hawaii, June 23 (AFP)  Hawaii's Japanese community was ready to roll out the red carpet for Emperor Akihito when he arrives here Thursday nearly 20 years after his father came to the Pacific Ocean island state.
The treatment of NTT has been a divisive issue in the telecommunications talks, part of wide-ranging bilateral trade negotiations which resumed this month after a three-and-half month suspension.
A lack of success for the card forced Microsoft's retreat, which came shortly after signing an agreement with Creative Labs to share audio technologies, according to one industry observing firm.
Pyongyang sponsored the East Asian Games after boycotting the 1988 Olympics in Seoul.
Hong Kong teenager caned in Singapore jail  SINGAPORE, June 23 (AFP)  Hong Kong teenager Shiu Chi Ho, who was convicted of spray-painting cars after a police crackdown on vandalism in Singapore, was caned in prison Thursday, the government said.
A Prisons Department spokesman said in a statement that 17-year-old Shiu was examined by a doctor and found to be "in satisfactory condition" after receiving six lashes on his bare buttocks from a rattan cane.
Shiu and Fay were among a group of foreign students arrested by police in October last year after newspapers highlighted several cases of vandalism including attacks on cars, one of which belonged to a member of parliament.
Fay, who flew home to Kettering, Ohio, on Wednesday after serving 83 days of a four-month jail term, continues to claim he was tortured, slapped and hit by investigators who forced him to make a confession.
Shiu was sentenced to 12 strokes of the cane on his bare buttocks and eight months jail on April 21 after a court found him guilty of spray painting four cars and pelting them with eggs.
Singapore President Ong Teng Cheong reduced the sentence to six lashes and six months jail after Shiu appealed for clemency.
US durable goods sales jump 0.9 percent  WASHINGTON, June 23 (AFP)  Orders for durable goods in the United States jumped 0.9 percent in May, after a revised 0.1 percent gain a month earlier, the Commerce Department said Thursday.
"The meeting has been cancelled," a foreign ministry spokesman said a few hours after the opposition Liberal Democratic Party lodged a no- confidence motion against the government of Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata.
Kakizawa gained cabinet approval Tuesday to travel to the United States to seek an overall breakthrough in bilateral trade talks, resumed this month after a three-and-a-half-month suspension.
Some pub landlords have ordered emergency supplies of "the black stuff" after running dry at the start of the week.
But two of the most radical candidates -- populist conservative Alexander Lukashenko, who wants Belarus to merge with Russia and rejects market reforms, and Zenon Pozniak, a pro-reform nationalist who favors Polish-style economic "shock therapy" -- pulled ahead after just three weeks of campaigning and showed good chances of reaching the second round of voting .
More than 200 workers were inside the Yu Xin Textiles and Dyeing Factory, salvaging cotton bales and machinery after a fire, when the six-storey building collapsed last Friday.
Zhuhai officials had set the initial final death toll last Tuesday at 52, after rescue workers gave up hope of finding about 20 people believed trap beneath the concrete debris.
The plea came after shells slammed into the fish market and other city centre sites in the southern stronghold killing 12 civilians and wounding 98 others, hospital officials said.
"The terms used to justify the forthcoming military operation in Rwanda, after two months of massacres that resulted in the elimination of part of the population, can only be considered as a provocation by a large number of Burundians," the letter said.
France sent troops to Rwanda after the mainly Tutsi RPF invaded from neighbouring Uganda in October 1990, and again in 1993 when the rebels advanced close to the capital Kigali.
President Suharto cautions against "internal threats"  JAKARTA, June 23 (AFP)  Two days after the government's banning of three weekly newspapers, President Suharto called Thursday for vigilance against internal unrest which might disturb development.
The demonstrators prayed, read the Bible and sang and danced on the boulevard after being prevented from approaching the office of President Lee Teng-hui by rolls of barbed wire in their path.
Junta arrests Nigeria's self-proclaimed president by Jacques Pinto  LAGOS, June 23 (AFP)  Nigerian police arrested the country's self-styled president, Moshood Abiola, arousing protests from the opposition and the United States on Thursday after he defied the military junta.
The man who unofficially won last June's annulled presidential poll was arrested at his Lagos home after addressing a rally in the business metropolis and taken early Thursday to the federal capital Abuja, his aides said.
The Lebanese government in cooperation with Syrian authorities have set fire to poppy and cannabis fields in a ban imposed since 1992, two years after Lebanon's 15-year civil war ended.
"The first one presented the right documents but after he got the grant we found that he married a foreign woman.
"I take things one match at a time," she smiled after defeating Gaidano 6-2, 6-1 in 56 minutes on the same, sun-baked number-two court where Michael Stich was badly beaten by American qualifier Bryan Shelton 24 hours earlier.
    LOS ANGELES, California, June 23 (AFP) - World Cup first-round standings  after Wednesday's matches:     Group A                         P    W    D    L     F     A    Pts     Switzerland         2    1    1    0     5     2     4     USA                 2    1    1    0     3     2     4     Romania             2    1    0    1     4     5     3     Colombia            2    0    0    2     2     5     0     To play: 26-6 USA v Romania, Switzerland v Colombia     Group B                     P   W   D   L   F   A Pts     Brazil          1   1   0   0   2   0  3     Cameroon        1   0   1   0   2   2  1     Sweden          1   0   1   0   2   2  1     Russia          1   0   0   1   0   2  0     To play: 24-6 Brazil-Cameroon, Sweden-Russia; 28-6 Russia-Cameroon,  Brazil-Sweden     more 
-- BRYAN SHELTON (USA) after putting second-seed Michael Stich out of Wimbledon with a shock first-round win.
-- Former champion MICHAEL STICH (Germany x2) criticised for striding off court before his opponent was ready to leave after losing in the first-round.
-- MICHAEL STICH (Germany x2) after being jeered off court following his shock first round Wimbledon defeat by American Bryan Shelton.
-- STEFFI GRAF (Germany x1) after her shock first-round defeat.
-- KATRINA ADAMS (USA) after her multi coloured underclothes got past Wimbleon's 'predominantly white' clothing rules.
About 1,200 men who refused food from Tuesday at two prisons called off their action on Thursday after talks with Israeli officials, a jail spokesman said.
The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials was up 9.20 points at 3,733.97 some 25 minutes after the session opened on the New York Stock Exchange.
(picture) Twenty-two repentant militants freed from prison  CAIRO, June 23 (AFP)  Authorities released 22 Islamic militants from prison on Thursday after they recanted their fundamentalist religious and political beliefs, the interior ministry said.
It said they were freed after "having abandoned the ideology of fundamentalist organizations" which seek to overthrow President Hosni Mubarak's secular government and set up an Iranian-style government.
   Thursday, June 23 (since 0300 GMT)     LAGOS: Nigerian police arrested the country's self-styled president,  Moshood Abiola, arousing protests from the opposition and the United States  after he defied the military junta.
The man who unofficially won last June's  annulled presidential poll was arrested at his Lagos home after addressing a  rally in Lagos and taken to the federal capital Abuja, his aides said.
The operation started hours  after the UN Security Council gave lukewarm support to a two-month mission by  French-led troops to stop the ethnic carnage in the central African nation.
 Foreign Minister Koji Kakizawa meanwhile cancelled weekend talks with US Trade  Representative Mickey Kantor after the opposition Liberal Democratic Party  lodged the no-confidence motion.
The proposal for a starting date of the US-North Korean talks came a day after President Bill Clinton announced that Pygonyang had agreed to freeze its nuclear program, clearing the way for the talks.
Troubled Tufnell fined for assault  LONDON, June 23 (AFP)  Troubled England bowler Phil Tufnell was fined 500 pounds by magistrates on Thursday after admitting two charges of assaulting his former girlfriend.
Patrick Heath, a 33-year-old car mechanic from Bristol, was arrested by detectives from the Narcotics Control Bureau at Indira Gandhi International Airport early Thursday after the drug was found in his suitcase.
Heath said he had planned to settle down in Amsterdam after selling the hashish and reportedly admitted to being a habitual drug user.
He was tailed during his fourth visit to India after a random check on foreign tourists by drug officials indicated he could be a smuggler and a narcotics abuser.
Boardman's other objective is the first long time trial in the Dordogne after nine days.
The Swiss rider took the honours ahead of Ukrainian Vladimir Pulnikov and Italian Gianluca Pierobon after the 10th and final stage.
"The visit demonstrates the great value that both Russia and NATO attach to an intensification of military contacts," SHAPE added in a statement issued the day after Russia signed on to the Partnership for Peace programme.
Murayama told reporters after the meeting: "We cannot drag our feet as the no-confidence motion is on the table.
Hata's remarks came after the long-delayed passage of the 1994 budget through parliament that prompted the main opposition Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) to submit a no-confidence motion against Hata's cabinet.
The LDP lost power a year ago after 38 years of often scandal-tainted rule, giving rise to Japan's first coalition government in four decades.
He said he would propose that a federal structure be created so that both systems, (communist in the north and free-market in the south), could coexist after eventual reunification.
The dollar's evolution should be influenced by the US bond market, where the average interest rate on the bellwether 30-year Treasury bond jumped to 7.43 percent from 7.40 percent late Wednesday after the report that durable goods orders jumped 0.9 percent in May.
Kim Housego, a 16-year-old schoolboy, and David Mackie, 36, a video producer from London, were freed near the town of Anantnag after more than two weeks of moving from guerrilla hideout to hideout to escape Indian troops.
Mandela made the announcement after talks with UN special representative to Angola, Alioune Blondin Beye, as well as leaders from observer countries Russia, the United States and Portugal.
The CPP is the former communist party which ruled the country after the overthrow of the Khmer Rouge in 1979 and then became part of the current coalition government following last year's UN-supervised polls.
The pontiff, who spent a month in a clinic after the April 29 fall, has returned to work at the Vatican but has been careful to rest.
But GDP growth was projected to "pick up only moderately" -- at a rate of about 1.4 percent after a near-flat 0.2 percent in 1993 -- before accelerating to about 2.8 percent next year, when business investment should recover.
While Dutch interest rates were among the lowest in Europe, the OECD foresaw a further decline in short rates, in line with German levels, and long rates could decline slowly after their recent rise.
Kim Housego, a 16-year-old schoolboy, and David Mackie, 36, a video producer from London, were freed after more than two weeks of moving from one guerrilla to another in order to escape Indian troops.
South Africa returns to the UN General Assembly  UNITED NATIONS, June 23 (AFP)  South Africa returned to its seat at the UN General Assembly Thursday after being excluded for eight years because of Pretoria's former apartheid government.
Pakistan started its pursuit of a nuclear programme after its traditional rival India carried out its first nuclear test in 1974.
   (Correcting ex-United Nations)     In UN-SAFrica, 1st para please read it x x x after being excluded for  twenty years (sted eight as sent) 
1962 SENEGAL: French troops move in to back President Leopold Sedar Senghor after an abortive coup d'etat.
1964 GABON: French paratroops land in Libreville after the kidnapping of President Leon M'Ba. 1968-1972 CHAD: French troops help the southern-dominated regime of then president Francois Tombalbaye to fight Tubu rebels from the northern Tibesti region.
1977 WESTERN SAHARA: France sends Jaguar ground attack jet fighters and refuelling planes to Mauritania after the pro-independence Polisario Front seizes French nationals.
1983 CHAD: The French launch Operation Manta to back President Hissene Habre after Libya intervenes on behalf of his rival, Goukouni Weddeye.
1986 TOGO: Under a defence agreement, 150 paratroops are sent to Lome after an attempted coup against President Gnassingbe Eyadema, but do not intervene.
1989 COMORO ISLANDS: Two hundred men are sent to the Comoros to take command of the armed forces after the murder of President Ahmed Abdallah and the departure of French mercenary Bob Denard.
1990-1993 RWANDA: Three hundred French troops go to Rwanda after the invasion early in October of the north-west of the country by rebels of the Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF).
1991 DJIBOUTI: France strengthens its military presence as refugees arrive from Ethiopia after the fall of the Addis Ababa regime, disarming Ethiopian troops and providing humanitarian aid.
1994 RWANDA: In April, 500 paratroops based in Centrafrican Republic evacuate more than 1,000 French and other foreign nationals when civil war breaks out after President Juvenal Habyarimana is killed in a plane crash near Kigali airport.
Mandela made the announcement after talks here with the U.N. special representative to Angola, Alioune Blondin Beye, and envoys from observer countries Russia, the United States and Portugal.
The independent commission has a clear mandate to examine human rights abuses in the central American nation, where at least 100,000 people have died and 40,000 are missing after a 34-year civil war.
(picture) Azam makes first public appearance after court verdict  DHAKA, June 23 (AFP)  Bangladeshi Fundamentalist leader Golam Azam, made his first major public appearance here Thursday a day since the country's highest court ended a long controversy over his citizenship, witnesses said.
The four-member bench unanimously dismissed the government appeal against the verdict after a 16-day hearing, spread over several months.
He was freed from jail last year after the High Court declared the 1972 government decree cancelling his citizenship illegal, and ordered his release.
The meeting of the Russian Union of Journalists took on added urgency, as it was held two days after newspaper and publishing executive Nikolai Belussov was assassinated in the town of Chekhov, southeast of Moscow.
The editor himself received threats from the mafia after his newspaper published an investigative piece last month into links between organized crime and government.
But he said past intervention by French forces after the rebels invaded from neighbouring Uganda in 1990 and again in 1993 when they advanced close to the capital had angered the rebels.
Those two meet in Boston tomorrow after both crushing the opposition in their opening matches, and Ireland manager Jack Charlton has made it clear he will certainly have no cause for complacency even if his team avoids the South Americans who are looking to reach their third consecutive World Cup final.
Charlton has had to abandon plans to use Cascarino for at least the last 20 minutes and it means another exacting test for Tommy Coyne who finished dehydrated and ill after performing the lone-striker role against Italy.
Ireland's bonus is the confirmation of captain Andy Townsend's fitness after he was struck by a mystery allergy which caused swelling to his right knee, blisters and a rash.
    ZURICH, June 23 (AFP) - Tour of Switzerland cycle race results after  Thursday's 10th and final stage:     Stage (Lausanne to Zurich, 235kms)     1.
Fighting quietens down in Kigali  NAIROBI, June 23 (AFP)  Kigali was relatively quiet Thursday after several days of heavy fighting as rebels apparently pressed their offensive to seize control of the capital before French troops arrived in Rwanda, a UN spokesman said.
The greenback stood in late afternoon at 1.6005 marks after having risen in the morning to 1.6080, against 1.6025 Wednesday evening in London.
Martin de Cocq, an analyst at the Nomura Research Institute, said operators were disconcerted by remarks Thursday by Bundesbank president Hans Tietmeyer after the bank decided to maintain key interest rates at present levels.
The mark was stable over-all against European currencies, trading in late afternoon at 3.4205 French francs against 3.4220 Wednesday evening, 82.82 pesetas against 83.25, and 982 lire against 983 after the Bundesbank, as expected, made no change in key interest rates.
A videotape of Harp, pleading for rescue after more than three months in captivity, and a statement detailing the kidnappers ultimatum were delivered Wednesday night in a sealed envelope at AFP offices here.
Harp complained that after all his past letters "I haven't received even the smallest shred of positive news."
The new team, with six Croat ministers including some in key posts, is designed to boost reconciliation between the two communities, which were pitted against each other for almost a year after the collapse of their alliance against separatist Serbs.
The Croat-Moslem federation will officially come into being after the holding of legislative elections in September.
Both sides agreed to talks, which Pyongyang proposed begin July 8, after North Korean President Kim Il Sung agreed to freeze its nuclear program while the talks are going on.
But two of the most radical candidates -- populist conservative Alexander Lukashenko, who wants Belarus to merge with Russia and rejects market reforms, and Zenon Pozniak, a pro-reform nationalist who favors Polish-style economic "shock therapy" -- pulled ahead after just three weeks of campaigning and showed good chances of reaching the second round of voting .
(AFP) Doping all-clear Dope controls after the first nine matches at the World Cup finals all produced negative results, FIFA report.
But he will always be best remembered for his sending-off in 1986 of Uruguay's Jose Batista after only 55 seconds, a World Cup record, of the game against Scotland at Mexico City's Neza stadium.
Carlesimo, who guided the Pirates to the US college finals in 1989, replaces Rick Adelman, who was fired May 12 after Portland was eliminated from the league playoffs.
South Africa regains UN General Assembly seat  UNITED NATIONS, June 23 (AFP)  South Africa rejoined the UN General Assembly Thursday after being barred 20 years because of Pretoria's past apartheid policies.
After initial results of its capital increase, 67.7 percent subscribed on the British side of the Channel, Eurotunnel lost one pence on the day to end at 278 after having been up seven in mid-session.
The media fell after announcement that the Daily Telegraph would cut its price Thursday from 48 to a mere 30 pence.
The Frankfurt stock market chalked up a respectable gain, closing shortly after the Bundesbank, as expected, announced that it was making no change in key interest rates this week.
Daimler-Benz gained 12.7 marks to end at 727, and KHD seven to 140, after announcing a nine percent gain in sales for the first five months.
Opposition talks, international condemnation after Abiola arrest by Jacques Pinto  LAGOS, June 23 (AFP)  Nigerian opposition parties held urgent consultations as international condemnation poured in Thursday after police arrested Moshood Abiola, the opposition leader widely believed to have won last June's cancelled presidential election.
Chief Abiola was arrested at his Lagos home after addressing a rally in the business metropolis and taken early Thursday to the federal capital Abuja, his aides said.
The Moslem millionaire had resurfaced just hours before after escaping house arrest and going into hiding 10 days earlier on the anniversary of the election cancelled by General Sani Abacha's military regime.
The subsidy should be made available after registration.
The Cape Department of Nature Conservation said in a statement that more than 150 penguins were brought by South African Air Force helicopters to the Rietvlei centre after storms had prevented boats from reaching the island, which is being licked by an oil slick.
reopens (PORTLAND) Carlesimo, 45, will receive 1.5 million dollars a season after signing a five-year contract, according to newspaper reports here and in New Jersey, where Seton Hall is located.
The team is also preparing to enter a new home arena after several sold-out seasons in a smaller one.
Palestinian police have taken control for the running of Gaza and the self-rule enclave of Jericho after the withdrawal and redeployment of the Israeli army under the terms of the May 4 autonomy accord.
Palestinian police chief General Nasser Yussef has warned HAMAS, which is opposed to the accord, that he will track down any members not obeying the law after fundamentalists hanged two suspected collaborators on May 27.
Murray replaces Terry Simpson, who was fired last month after a record of 35-39 with 10 drawn.
Murray was 163-134 with 28 drawn in three full seasons with Washington, but fired by the Capitals last January after a start of 20-23 with four drawn.
Edberg's loss came just 24 hours after Michael Stich, another former champion, was beaten by American qualifier Bryan Shelton, and two days after defending women's champion Steffi Graf sensationally lost in the first-round to American Lori McNeil.
Edberg started the day leading by one set to love after the second- round match was halted by bad light on Wednesday.
"I take things one match at a time," she said with a smile after defeating Gaidano 6-2, 6-1.
British Defence Minister Malcom Rifkind announced Thursday that after 40 years of service, the royal family will give up the 125-meter (412-foot) floating palace in three years' time.
Zerman also had an eagle three at the 18th after earlier claiming four birdies, while Olazabal also flourished on the greens with a five birdie haul.
Peter O'Malley, who also had 68, was the leading Australien contender after Robert Allenby, winner of the recent Honda Open in Hamburg, failed to capitalise on an outward 33.
He took six at the 13th after going into water and was heading for another at the last after putting his second into the lake.
"My job will be over after that game.
The Federation will decide who will replace me," he said after a 2-1 defeat to the United States meant Pele's pre-tournament favourites, were as good as out of the World Cup.
Colombia, whose domestic championship was once suspended in 1989 when a referee was killed, had to change their side after someone threatened to blow up their homes.
Maturana was forced to drop Gabriel Jaime Gomez after death threats from Bogota to bomb his and the midfielder's homes.
Midfield star Carlos Valderrama, back after a knee operation, allowed himself to get enmeshed in Colombia's over-elaborate midfield maze.
Speaking after a meeting with Sifi, Juppe said France hoped the dialogue would culminate in legislative elections "at the earliest possible date."
New Zealand scoreboard  CAMBRIDGE, England, June 23 (AFP)  Close of play scoreboard after second day of New Zealand three-day tour match against the Combined English Universities at Fenner's on Thursday: Combined Universities First Innings R.R. Montgomerie c Young b Owens   0 T.
There was pressure on the Swiss and their English coach Roy Hodgson after the team had scored just one goal in their last three internationals.
Swedish football is on the up after failing to get past the first round at the 1990 World Cup in Italy.
On Thursday he met with leaders of the European Union in Tunis, after having held talks in recent days with ambassadors from Greece, Germany, Belgium, Egypt and the United States.
Schwantz crashes as Doohan sets the pace  ASSEN, Netherlands, June 23 (AFP)  World motorcycling champion Kevin Schwantz may miss Saturday's Dutch Grand Prix after a fall in practice here on Thursday.
Australia's Michael Doohan dominated the first 500cc qualifying session on a Honda but all eyes were on Schwantz after he crashed his works Suzuki at the end of the day.
The Texan needed treatment under local anaesthetic from circuit doctor Claudio Costa after suffering multiple minor fractures of the wrist.
The protest came shortly after the National Democratic Coalition (NADECO) urged Nigerians to "remain alert" and "not to relent in protesting peacefully" until the release of Abiola and all other pro- democracy detainees.
In a related development judicial officials in the southern city of Augsburg said Thursday that the trial of a 26-year-old Kurd was delayed after it turned out that the court interpreter spoke Turkish but no Kurdish.
"It is anticipated that a final decision in respect of this project will be made before the end of 1994 after the granting of an exploration permit and the negotiation of a financing package," Oppenheimer said.
Forget, 29 and making a comeback after a long absence because of a knee injury, scored a 3-6, 6-3, 3-6, 6-3, 6-4 victory over the pugnacious fifth-seeded American.
The match swung to Forget after a controversial line call in the important third game of the final set.
Royals welcome back South Africa  HAMPSHIRE, June 23 (AFP)  The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh welcomed the South African cricket team back to Britain after a 29 year absence on Thursday.
But if the cricket was more country house than Test match, nobody bothered too much and South Africa were even forgiven for arriving late after being stuck in traffic.
The announcement came a day after the Daily Telegraph decided to lower its price from 48 to 30 pence in a bid to halt a slide in sales caused by a previous price cut when The Times slashed its cover price last September from 45 to 30 pence.
Zoecke surged back after trailing by two sets to love to beat he Czech player 4-6, 6-7 (5/7), 6-3, 6-2, 6-4.
Lancashire reached 319 for nine after they had been 96 for six.
Franklyn Stephenson rescued Sussex with 95 off 138 balls, including four sixes and 10 fours, after half the side had gone for 131 at Worcestershire.
US teen caned in Singapore absent at news conference  WASHINGTON, 23 (AFP)  Michael Fay, the US teen-ager whose caning in Singapore touched off a diplomatic row, hopes to restore his reputation after being accused of vandalism, his father said Thursday.
"There will be a segment of the population of the United States that will still label him as a vandal and he's quite troubled and bothered by that," George Fay told a news conference in Ohio a day after his 19 -year-old son returned home.
"I feel great," said Fay, declining to make further comment as he arrived home after serving 83 day in a Singapore jail after pleading guilty to spattering paint and eggs on cars and holding stolen property.
The teenager was sentenced to six strokes of the cane, four months' jail and fined 3,500 Singapore dollars (2,287 US) on March 3 after pleading guilty.
The Singapore government's reduced the six lashes to four after Clinton's appeal and the punishment was carried out on May 5.
Fay was among a group of foreign students arrested last October after police investigated complaints of cars in an upscale residential area being sprayed with paint.
Iran postpones indefinitely trip to Iraq after bomb blast  TEHRAN, June 18 (AFP)  Iran has postponed indefinitely a visit to Iraq by a foreign ministry delegation following a bomb outrage at one of the country's holiest shrines, the official agency IRNA said Thursday.
According to a ministry spokesman quoted by IRNA it was decided to put off the visit for a second time after Tuesday's bomb blast at the shrine of Imam Reza in Mashhad which killed 26 mourners and injured another 170.
The aim of the trip is to continue discussions on normalising relations between Baghdad and Tehran five years after the end of the 1980-1988 Iran-Iraq war.
Ditka was in fair condition at a hospital here one day after suffering chest pains.
Hurd, who last week defended the Rome government in the British parliament after opposition Labour Party criticisms over the presence of neo-fascists in the new Italian cabinet, will host a dinner for Martino following morning talks.
Clinton imposed it March 3 after negotiations to open the Japanese market broke down.
Forget, making a comeback after a long absence because of a knee injury, nearly didn't make it.
The match ended up on the notorious number-two show court -- scene of Michael Stich's shock exit 24 hours earlier and nicknamed the 'graveyard of champions.' Things swung Forget's way after a controversial line-call in the important third game of the final set.
"I take things one match at a time," she said with a smile after defeating Gaidano 6-2, 6-1.
Italy stunned by red card  NEW YORK, June 23 (AFP)  Italy were fighting for their World Cup lives here on Thursday after being sensationally reduced to ten men by a controversial sending-off for goalkeeper Gianluca Pagliuca.
Ex-Liberal leader David Steel to retire as MP  LONDON, June 23 (AFP)  Former Liberal leader Sir David Steel is to retire from Britain's House of Commons at the next general election after 30 years as a parliamentarian, he announced Thursday.
The Justice Department's investigation comes after the FDA agreed to consider a petition to classify nicotine as an addictive drug, a move which could eventually outlaw the sale of most cigarettes.
Kessler agreed in March to review the request after uncovering evidence that cigarette manufacturers were adding extra nicotine to their products to get people addicted.
Electricity was restored to many districts in the city after a power cut caused by a rocket attack on the Hissoua power plant, west of Aden.
US senator declared persona non grata in Haiti  PORT-AU-PRINCE, June 23 (AFP)  The military-backed regime in Haiti declared a US senator persona non grata Thursday after he called for an armed invasion of the Caribbean nation during his visit there last week.
The pull back came after Conseco, a US insurance company, made a higher offer.
Dino Baggio headed the 68th minute winner from Giuseppe Signori's free-kick after the Italian goalkeeper Gianluca Pagliuca was sent off in the 22nd minute.
Despite their numerical advantage and Italy's loss of Franco Baresi, who limped off after 48 minutes, the Norwegians only created one single chance outside the frantic last ten minutes, when both Dino Baggio and Paolo Maldini were barely capable of running because of knocks and exhaustion.
It was Jakobsen who had the best chance for the Norwegians but it fell to him only seconds after he came on as a second half sub for Sigurd Rushfeldt.
However, such an intervention could take place after the meeting of the Federal Reserve Open Market Committee, July 5 and 6, and perhaps after the release of monthly employment figures due out July 8, the trader said.
"Not only did you buy the beer for her baseball party, you had enough left over for a glove," read the ad for Carling Ice which the company pulled after running Tuesday in the Toronto Sun.
Second booking for Norway's Haaland  NEW YORK, June 23 (AFP)  Norway should be without defender Alf Inge Haaland for their crucial Group E match against Ireland after he received his second booking in the 1-0 loss to Italy on Thursday.
Fierce fighting on the north and northwestern fronts meanwhile left eight soldiers dead and 48 wounded after northern troops launched two offensives, according to the city's other hospitals.
The north's second lieutenant, Mujahed Ali Hussein, meanwhile said northern troops had moved some two kilometres (one mile) forward on Saturday, after repulsing a "desperate counter-attack by (southern) secessionists."
Guatemalan diplomats and representatives from the leftist guerillas reached the accord in Oslo to examine human rights abuses in the central American nation, where at least 100,000 people have died and 40,000 are missing after a 34-year civil war.
Frost grabs share of lead  HARTFORD, Connecticut, June 23 (AFP)  South Africa's David Frost fired a five-under par 65 for a share of the lead after one round of the 1.2 million-dollar Greater Hartford Open here Thursday.
The officials, who declined to be identified, spoke a day after the US administration said President Bill Clinton is ready to host peace talks here between Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and Jordan's King Hussein.
At half-time the score was 0-0, but Hwang could have put South Korea ahead in the 29th minute when he shot wide of an empty goalmouth after winger Kim Joo-Sung had beaten the defence and drawn goalkeeper Carlos Trucco.
Belarus poll set to require two-horse run-off  LONDON, June 24 (AFP)  Belarus' first presidential election was set to go to a two-horse run- off after Thursday's poll showed no candidate winning 50 percent of the vote, ITAR-TASS said in a report monitored by the BBC here.
Prosecutors had requested that the search warrants issued after the June 12 slayings -- which contained detailed accounts of evidence and testimony -- be sealed indefinitely.
Wednesday, Shapiro compelled the prosecutor to announce that investigators had found no bloody ski mask in Simpson's Brentwood mansion after radio news reports said officials had seized the mask.
Investigators, after examining the device, said the attack appeared to have been the work of the Popular Revolutionary Struggle group, which has been responsible for more than 200 bomb blasts since it first appeared 20 years ago.
The agreement will greatly increase Russian trade access to the EU, open up the prospect of a Russia-EU free trade zone after 1998 and provide for wide-ranging political dialogue.
Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden are taking part in the two-day deliberations after signing membership agreements to join the union.
German Chancellor Helmut Kohl said he might summon the EU leaders together again in early July after Germany takes over the EU presidency from Greece on July 1.
"We suffered a lot for this victory," the Italian coach added after surveying his battered troops.
(NEW YORK) Norway will be in the same position in their final game against Ireland and coach Egil Olsen could not disguise his disappointment about his side's failure to break down the Italians after Pagliuca was ordered off.
Sacchi, who came in for severe criticism after the Irish loss, was also delighted to see how well his reshuffled side started.
Cameroon's captain, Stephen Tataw, had earlier called off any possibility of a strike, a day after goalkeeper Joseph-Antoine Bell had raised such fears.
Ukraine gears for high stakes presidential poll by Catherine Cote  KIEV, June 24 (AFP)  Ukrainians choose a new president on Sunday two and half years after an independence that has left them disillusioned, financially broke and worried that friction with Russia could tear the country apart.
Her daughter Anya was born Sunday four weeks to the day after Mayoss- Hurd first celebrated communion as assistant priest at a church in Birmingham in the English Midlands.
The plunge in the Telegraph share price caused anger because of the sale by Black's Hollinger Group of 12.5 million shares barely a month ago, made just after the share price peaked.
He later admitted he had failed to restart his watch after an injury stoppage in the second half.
Influential midfielder Luis Cristaldo was sent off after he scythed down Kim Pan-keun in the 82nd minute.
(BOSTON) A worried Korean coach Kim Ho brought on defender Choi Young-il for midfielder No Jung-yoon after 70 minutes.
Hwang could have put South Korea ahead in the 29th minute when he shot wide of an empty goalmouth after winger Kim Joo-sung had beaten the defence and drawn Trucco.
LOS ANGELES, California, June 23 (AFP)  World Cup goalscorers after Thursday's games: 3: Gabriel Batistuta (Argentina) 2: Georges Bregy (Switzerland), Andoni Goikoetxea (Spain), Gheorghe Hagi (Romania), Jurgen Klinsmann (Germany), Florin Raducioiu (Romania), Adolfo Valencia (Colombia) 1: Fuad Amin Anwar (S Arabia), Daniel Amokachi (Nigeria), Emmanuel Amunike (Nigeria), Dino Baggio (Italy), Stephane Chapuisat (Switzerland), Martin Dahlin (Sweden), Marc Degryse (Belgium), David Embe (Cameroon), Hong Myung-Bo (South Korea), Ray Houghton (Republic of Ireland), Wim Jonk (Holland), Adrian Knup (Switzerland), Roger Ljung (Sweden), Diego Maradona (Argentina), Francois Omam-Biyik (Cameroon), Rai (Brazil), Kjetil Rekdal (Norway), Romario (Brazil), Julio Salinas (Spain), Seo Jung-Won (South Korea), Ernie Stewart (USA), Alain Sutter (Switzerland), Gaston Taument (Holland), Eric Wynalda (USA), Rashidi Yekini (Nigeria) Own goal: Andres Escobar (Colombia) str94 
 reopens (BOSTON) "He had six or seven chances to score but he failed each time," said Kim of the former Beyer Leverkusen marksman recently back playing after serious injury kept him sidelined for two years.
"Russia will make some changes and we'll see what they are tomorrow," was all that Sadyrin would say after training Thursday evening.
Ternavski conceded a penalty eight minutes after halftime when he whipped Romario's legs from under him as he beat one man and bore down on goal.
    LOS ANGELES, California, June 23 (AFP) - World Cup first-round standings  after Thursday's matches:     Group A                     P   W   D   L   F   A  Pts     Switzerland     2   1   1   0   5   2   4     USA             2   1   1   0   3   2   4     Romania         2   1   0   1   4   5   3     Colombia        2   0   0   2   2   5   0     To play: 26-6: USA-Romania, Switzerland-Colombia     Group B                     P   W   D   L   F   A Pts     Brazil          1   1   0   0   2   0  3     Cameroon        1   0   1   0   2   2  1     Sweden          1   0   1   0   2   2  1     Russia          1   0   0   1   0   2  0     To Play: 24-6 Brazil-Cameroon, Sweden-Russia; 28-6 Russia-Cameroon,  Brazil-Sweden     more 
Mandela made the announcement after talks here with the UN special  representative to Angola, Alioune Blondin Beye, and envoys from observer  countries Russia, the United States and Portugal.
The protest came shortly after the  National Democratic Coalition urged Nigerians to "remain alert" and "not to  relent in protesting peacefully" until the release of Abiola and all other  pro-democracy detainees.
(AFP)     LONDON: Belarus' first presidential election was set to go to a  two-candidate run-off after Thursday's poll showed no candidate winning 50  percent of the vote, ITAR-TASS said in a report monitored by the BBC.
The two leading candidates after Thursday's poll, who will face off again in mid-July, are Prime Minister Vyacheslav Kebich, with 24-26 percent of the vote, and pro-comminist Alexander Lukashenko, who according to ITAR-TASS finished with 30-32 percent.
After a favourable draw for the tournament both countries were expected to advance largely untroubled to the second round, but instead are fortunate to be in the driving seat in Group F after laborious opening performances.
Chief concern for Belgium's coach Paul van Himst is the midfield, too frequently overrun by the Moroccans, and they are sure to tighten things up with the return of tough defender Philippe Albert after suspension.
Argentina's 1990 World Cup leading scorer Claudio Caniggia is again looking menacing after completing a 13-month suspension for cocaine use.
Team-mates nickname Yekini the "Hulk" for his bulldozing style or the "Kaduna Bull", after his town of origin in northern Nigeria.
Pagliuca had no regrets after becoming the first goalkeeper to be sent off in the World Cup.
"I was afraid if I did not stop him there would have been a goal," he said after being ordered off by German referee Hellmut Krug when he handled the ball outside his area to stop Oyvind Leonhardsen from opening the score.
He later admitted he had failed to restart his watch after an injury stoppage in the second half.
(LOS ANGELES) Cameroon's players called off their threatened strike after government ministers flew in with almost a million dollars in cash and will now go ahead with their match against Brazil in San Francisco.
He said after training: "Matthaus is my sweeper and he will stay as my sweeper."
It was after recovering from torn knee ligaments two years ago that Matthaus switched to sweeper with his club side, Bayern Munich.
Vogts pushed Matthaus back to sweeper in the national side last year after an injury to Olaf Thon was injured at the 1993 US Cup.
Influential midfielder Luis Cristaldo, 24, winning his 27th cap, was dismissed after he scythed down defender Kim Pan-keun in the 82nd minute and will automatically miss Bolivia's last group match against Spain on Monday.
 (BOSTON) "He had six or seven chances to score, but he failed each time," said Kim of the former Bayer Leverkusen marksman recently back playing after serious injury kept him sidelined for two years.
Hwang could have scored what would have been the decider in the 29th minute when he shot wide of an empty goalmouth after winger Kim Joo- sung, playing in his third World Cup, had beaten the defence and drawn Trucco.
Hwang was lucky to retain his place in the side after missing an open goal in Korea's 2-2 draw with Spain.
Akihito, 60, and Michiko, 59, arrived on the imperial airplane at the Hickam Air Force Base after a five hour flight from San Francisco to be greeted by Hawaii Governor John Waihee.
CERN set to give go-ahead on "big bang" particle accelerator by Jean-Michel Stoullig  GENEVA, June 24 (AFP)  The 19 member states of the European Laboratory for Particle Physics (CERN) were Friday set to approve the multimillion-dollar construction of a 21st century "super-machine," a particle accelerator designed to unlock the secrets of matter produced just after the "big bang."
LHC should also allow the re-creation of conditions similar to those that existed at the birth of the universe, one millionth of a millionth of a second after the "big bang."
They arrived on the imperial airplane at the Hickam Air Force Base after a five hour flight from San Francisco to be greeted by Hawaii Governor John Waihee.
World Cup fever claims second victim  BANGKOK, June 24 (AFP)  A World Cup-crazy Thai committed suicide after losing a 10,000-baht (400-dollar) bet that the Netherlands would beat Saudi Arabia by at least two goals, the Bangkok press reported Friday.
Sayan Jandee, 26, hanged himself after his favourites could only manage a 2-1 win in Monday's match in Washington.
Last weekend, a cafe owner in Macau dropped dead from exhaustion after watching the World Cup on television for two nights running, followed by work throughout the next day without a moment's sleep.
When the kidnappers announced their 72-hour ultimatum on Monday, they also promised to release Harp within 72 hours after the announcement that the ransom would be paid was made.
The report came a day after the Chinese foreign ministry flatly denied a report in a Beijing-controlled Hong Kong daily, Wen Wei Po, that Deng had visited the port city of Qingdao recently.
It added that Deng, concerned about China's fate after he dies, gave a secret talk to about 20 generals this year, in which he implored them to "rally around" communist party general secretary and state president Jiang Zemin.
China is wary of any deal that would leave Hong Kong with too much debt to repay after it takes back the British colony in July 1997 -- around the same time the airport is to open.
Some 8,000 minority Tutsis are being sheltered in Cyangugu, where the French detachment arrived Thursday after crossing from Bukavu, one of two French staging areas in eastern Zaire along with the town of Goma.
Up to one half million people have been died in the fighting and massacres after the plane crash revived centuries-old ethnic rivalry between the Hutus, who have dominated government, and the Tutsis, who form the backbone of the rebel movement.
The Palestinians also want to see Jerusalem as capital of any future Palestinian state, but the status of the city is not due to be discussed until at least two years after self-rule in Gaza and Jericho.
China is wary of any deal that would leave Hong Kong with too much debt to repay after it takes back the British colony in July 1997 -- around the same time the airport is to open.
But prospects for a breakthrough have improved after Beijing let it be known last week that it would no longer dwell on Governor Chris Patten's controversial democratic reform package -- the final stage of which goes before the Legislative Council on Wednesday.
The socialists, who angrily left the government in April after prolonged infighting, have made his resignation a condition of returning.
Under the autonomy accord with the PLO, the city's future is not due to be discussed until after two years of self-rule.
When the kidnappers announced their 72-hour ultimatum on Monday, they also promised to release Harp within 72 hours after the announcement that the ransom would be paid was made.
The announcement followed a videotape of Harp, pleading for rescue after more than three months in captivity, and a statement detailing the kidnappers ultimatum that were delivered Wednesday night in a sealed envelope at AFP offices here.
As the country followed Harp's kidnapping, which rocked the stock market for several days after it happened, a group of bankers in the past few days had considered putting up his ransom independently, despite Harp's considerable wealth.
The Norwegian prime minister was speaking after Austria, Finland and Sweden signed similar membership treaties.
The agreement "dissipated the threat of an economic return to the cold war," Yeltsin said after the signing.
The latest accord comes in a decisive month for Russia, two weeks after it signed a cooperation agreement with the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD).
Navratilova has a sleepless night  LONDON, June 24 (AFP)  Nine-times champion Martina Navratilova has revealed that she spent a "sleepless night" after her rival and defending champion Steffi Graf was knocked out of Wimbledon earlier this week.
Two young elephants die after road accident  JOHANNESBURG, June 24 (AFP)  Two young elephants died after the truck in which they were being transported overturned in South Africa's Eastern Transvaal province, police said Friday.
The inquiry set up immediately after the massacre said in a report the Israeli military command had failed to take account of the risk of a Jewish attack despite repeated warnings by the internal security services the Shin Beth, the paper said.
He was speaking after Austria, Norway and Sweden had signed similar EU membership treaties.
Deputy Interior Minister, Golam Hussein Bolandian, said Thursday 30 suspects had been arrested immediately after the incident, with many others rounded up later in other parts of the country.
Most of the 2,500 UN peacekeepers monitoring a ceasefire between the rebel Rwanda Patriotic Front (RPF) and government forces pulled out after Rwanda was engulfed in carnage triggered by the April 6 death of president Juvenal Habyarimana.
Some 8,000 minority Tutsis are being sheltered in Cyangugu, where the French detachment arrived Thursday after crossing from Bukavu, one of two French staging areas in eastern Zaire along with the town of Goma.
The militants fled to Afghanistan after the neo-communist takeover in 1992.
Deputy Interior Minister, Golam Hussein Bolandian, said Thursday 30 suspects had been arrested immediately after the incident, with many others rounded up later in other parts of the country.
Some 3,000 striking subway workers launched sit-ins at eight different places here, including universities and a church in central Seoul, after 11th-hour overnight wage talks collapsed without making any progress.
The subway management-union talks floundered after workers refused to budge from their demand for a 14.5 percent wage hike, while the management held on a government wage guideline calling for a five percent increase.
Cheap hotels and inns were packed with commuters who gave up struggling through the traffic jams to reach their houses in the suburbs after work.
The Atomic Energy Commission of the Science and Technology Agency said the reactor would not come into operation until "around 2030," after plans to have it operating as early as 2020.
Speaking after the signing ceremony in a 19th century Dorian Church in the Old Fortress overlooking this Mediterranean island town, Yeltsin said the agreement "dissipated the threat of an economic return to the cold war."
Austria is the only country sure of its membership after the country's voters on June 12 approved its application, making certain of its place as the 13th EU member from 1995.
The agreement with Russia, negotiated over 18 months, comes two weeks after Moscow signed a cooperation agreement with the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) and two days after it joined the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation's military partnership for peace programme.
The agreement offers Russia a free trade area with the EU after 1998 if it makes satisfactory progress towards a market economy, and also commits Moscow to promoting human rights and democracy.
Zhirinovsky's party signed the accord after several weeks of hesitating.
Koreans in the North and South saw their homes bombed as the armies swayed back and forth, and their last hopes of unification dashed after only five years of freedom from Japanese colonial rule.
The meeting was organized after North Korea agreed last week to freeze key elements of its nuclear research program, raising hopes that international monitors may finally be given full access to see if the North is developing nuclear weapons.
EuroDisney shares fall 20 percent  PARIS, June 24 (AFP)  The price of shares in the EuroDisney amusement park fell by 20.31 percent to 12.75 francs in morning trading here on Friday after a brief interruption owing to the weight of sell orders.
"Study after study has shown that a vegetarian diet is healthier, yet still the government refuses to take action.
Austria is certain to join the EU next January 1 after a referendum on June 12 in which Austrians voted by a massive two-thirds majority in favour of membership.
OPEC oil ministers will discuss a new output ceiling on November 16, after having already decided to maintain the present ceiling of 24.52 million bpd until the end of the year.
They were unable to verify the claim after spent fuel rods were removed from the reactor in the absence of inspectors, who were refused access to the site by North Korean authorities.
Continual heavy rains flooded wide-raning areas of southern China after a major typhoon struck Guangdong Province June 8.
   Mizuno open golf scores     HAKUI, Japan, June 24 (AFP) - Leading scores after the second round of the   Mizuno men's open golf tournament here Friday.
The comment came a day after Hussein said in Washington, "the opportunity will come sometime soon for a meeting between Israelis and Jordanian officials."
Northern troops, who have kept up a barrage of rockets and artillery fire on the southern stronghold for more than a week, advanced overnight into the town of Bir Ahmed after seizing the entrance on Thursday, an AFP correspondent reported.
Most of the 2,500 UN peacekeepers pulled out after Rwanda was engulfed in carnage triggered by the April 6 plane crash death of president Juvenal Habyarimana, a Hutu.
Blocks of flats started going up here straight after the 1967 Middle East war when Israel seized the eastern sector.
"We only discovered the error after 20 to 25 years when the trees matured," he adds, while the fact the male trees become female after repeated cutting "only serves to aggravate the phenomenon."
The ministry said on Thursday it was decided to put off the visit for a second time after Monday's bomb blast at the shrine of Imam Reza in the northeastern city of Mashhad.
The visit was to continue discussions on normalising ties five years after the end of the 1980-1988 Iran-Iraq war.
Talks resumed last October after they were broken in the wake of the Gulf war.
The budget had been approved on third reading by the Duma (lower chamber) after four months of debate about the amount of expenditure on defence.
The budget, backed by the finance ministry but opposed by the defense ministry, was approved without debate in the upper house, the Federation Council, after being passed earlier in the day in the lower house, or Duma.
Approval of the package, coming after months of debate and modifications, marked a rare public defeat for the military-industrial lobby, which had opposed the level of defense outlays in the package as being too low.
The budget was passed in the Duma only after three readings, and Speaker Ivan Rybkin had ordered cancellation of all travel plans for MPs to ensure they showed up for Friday's vote, one of the most important of the new legislature.
This recent success was the second after its 1988 discovery of hydrocarbon reserves in the Kinabalu well, located in the same acreage awarded to it under a 1987 contract by Petronas, Malaysia's national oil company.
The UNHCR's mandate only allows it to look after refugees who have fled their own countries and so it is not present inside Rwanda, unlike, for example, the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC).
Britain and Italy agree on Anglo-Italian summit  CORFU, Greece, June 24 (AFP)  Britain and Italy on Friday agreed to hold an Anglo-Italian summit meeting, British officials said after the first meeting between the two countries' leaders since Italian elections in March brought neofascists into the government.
Almost immediately after Berlusconi's nomination as the new Italian prime minister in April, British Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd invited him to London for an Anglo-Italian summit.
This was also a good way to increase the EU's relevancy in daily life after European Parliament elections last month which reflected widespread public apathy for European integration, Major said.
A high court judge ordered a priority hearing after being told a further 175 million pounds was due to be paid in December.
The inquiry set up immediately after the massacre said in a report the Israeli military command had failed to take account of the risk of a Jewish attack despite repeated warnings by the internal security services the Shin Beth, the paper said.
Security beefed up after Abiola arrest: witnesses  LAGOS, June 24 (AFP)  Police armoured vehicles were posted on main roads in Lagos on Friday as authorities boosted security following the arrest of Moshood Abiola, believed to have won Nigeria's free elections, local residents said.
The move came after Abiola was picked up from his residence Thursday by policemen after addressing a public rally in Lagos attended by about 2,000 people.
Abiola was arrested after vowing on June 11 to set up an alternative government, ahead of the anniversary of presidential elections of June 12, 1993 which were annulled by the military government.
The dissolution came after six MPs from the main opposition Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) said they had joined Wijetunga's United National Party (UNP) at what an astrologer had declared was an "auspicious time."
The SLFP said it welcomed the early generel election as an opportunity to defeat Wijetunga's UNP, which been in power for 17 straight years after winning the 1977 parliamentary polls.
The concerted intervention came after the dollar continued to slide on Asian markets.
Dealers had reported earlier in the day that the Bank of Japan had intervened in London in the early morning, after having stoped intervention at the close of the Asian market.
Mandela agreed to play a mediation role Thursday, after talks with UN special representative Alioune Blondin Beye in Cape Town.
Dollar rebounds after concerted intervention  NEW YORK, June 24 (AFP)  The dollar rose against the major currencies Friday in active trading following a concerted intervention by the Federal Reserve and other central banks.
The man, from the former Yugoslavia, fled on foot after spraying passers-by with bullets and holed up in a shop where he was cornered by police.
A young woman was in critical condition after being hit by several bullets and at least two other people suffered severe gunshot wounds in the upper part of the body, police said.
The intervention came after the dollar continued to slide on Asian markets.
In New York, the dollar rebounded in heavy trading after the intervention was confirmed by Bentsen.
The Fed intervened at 100.95 yen and again at 101.55 yen shortly after 9:30 a.m., said Rex Evans, a dealer at American Security Bank.
The dollar was struggling to hang on to gains realized after a US-led international intervention in an extremely nervous market, said Frances Kirkland, a dealer with American Security Bank.
The budget, backed by the finance  ministry but opposed by the defense ministry, was approved without debate in  the upper house, the Federation Council, after being passed earlier in the day  in the lower house, or Duma.
Approval of the package, coming after months of  debate and modifications, marked a rare public defeat for the  military-industrial lobby.
(AFP)     COLOMBO: President Dingiri Banda Wijetunga dissolved the Sri Lankan  parliament and called for snap general elections six months ahead of schedule  after six opposition MPs defected to his ruling United National Party.
China is wary  of any deal that would leave Hong Kong with too much debt to repay after it  takes back the British colony in 1997 -- around the same time the airport is  to open.
reopens (LONDON) The dollar did not seem to get much lift from the intervention, dealers said an hour after it occurred.
The dollar was struggling to hang on to gains realized after a US-led international intervention in an extremely nervous market, said Frances Kirkland, a dealer with American Security Bank.
The interventions came after the dollar continued to slide on Asian markets.
An arrest warrant for Baroud, who claims to be a captain in Al Fatah, an organisation accused of acts of terrorism, was issued after he failed to turn up at two immigration hearings.
A WFP statement said the attack occured on Thursday some 20 kilometres (12 miles) north of Gulu town, when the drivers were returning to Kampala after delivering 300 tonnes of food for an estimated 100,000 Sudanese refugees camped at Pakele.
Some 3,000 of the striking subway and railway workers launched sit-ins at eight different places here, including universities, two churches and an opposition party office, after 11th-hour overnight wage talks collapsed without making any progress.
The walkout had been set to begin Monday morning but the railway workers moved up their labor action following the police raids, and subway workers followed suit after the overnight wage talks failed.
In Seoul, cheap hotels and inns were packed with commuters who gave up struggling through the traffic jams to reach their houses in the suburbs after work.
The subway management-union talks floundered after workers refused to budge from their demand for a 14.5-percent wage hike, while management held to a government wage guideline calling for a five-percent increase.
Americans under the spell of O.J. Simpson saga by Jean-Loup Sense  WASHINGTON, June 24 (AFP)  The saga of fallen US football star O.J. Simpson continues to fascinate Americans and dominate media coverage two weeks after the murder of his ex-wife and a male friend.
Dow Jones plunges 50 points  NEW YORK, June 24 (AFP)  Stocks plunged more than 50 points Friday after interventions by central banks failed to bouy the dollar and as long-term interest rates climbed.
The volume of trading slowed down after circuit-breakers stopped computerized trading.
London stock authorities investigate sale of Telegraph shares: sources  LONDON, June 24 (AFP)  The stock exchange here has opened an investigation into the sale of 12.5 million shares in The Telegraph group by the main shareholder Conrad Black in mid-May, reliable sources said on Friday shortly after the price had fallen by 41 percent.
"We are worried about the fate of Romanian workers in Israel after having received several recent complaints," ministry spokesman Mircea Geoana said.
The Italians are also concerned about full-back Paolo Maldini, who finished Saturday's match with a heavily strapped ankle after a clumsy tackle by Jostein Flo.
He had planned to retire from the Italian squad after the tournament.
After captaining his country in the 1990 World Cup, when only a penalty shoot-out denied the hosts a place in the final, Baresi retired from the national team after they failed to qualify for the 1992 European Championships.
He missed this year's European Cup final after being sent off for a cyncial trip on Monaco's Youri Djorkaeff in the semi-final.
Tutsi refused refugee status by France  PARIS, June 24 (AFP)  A humanitarian association asked French authorities Friday to review a decision expelling a Rwandan belonging to the endangered Tutsi minority after a French newspaper reported the case.
Palestinian police chief General Nasser Yussef has warned HAMAS, which is opposed to the accord, that he will track down any members not obeying the law, after fundamentalists hanged two suspected collaborators on May 27.
Li Peng's visit, which will include meetings with Chancellor Franz Vranitzky and President Thomas Klestil and visits to Linz and Salzburg, comes after a visit to China by Vranitzky in April 1993.
He said he was prompted to take action after one of the freed men started a fight with his son last week, and unknown attackers threw explosives at his house the same night.
"The RPF decided immediately after these attacks to evacuate people displaced toward Nyamata in Bugesera" further east into RPF controlled territory, an MSF statement said, adding that its aid workers were accompanying the refugees.
He was also unable to say exactly how many people were in the mass graves which were found on Thursday, after 60 French troops crossed from Zaire to Cyangugu to assess the humanitarian needs of the civilian population.
The bloodshed erupted after the April 6 plane crash death of the Rwandan president, a Hutu.
Pole position for Doohan  ASSEN, Netherlands, June 24 (AFP)  Australian rider Michael Doohan will start his 500cc Honda in pole position at Saturday's Dutch Grand Prix, after dominating the qualifying sessions here.
Delors retires as president of the EU executive on January 5 after 10 years in the job.
But Berlusconi would not elaborate, or confirm reports that he had swung behind Lubbers after a meeting Friday with British Prime Minister John Major.
The executive committee of world football's governing body had hesitated about giving them the tournament but after meeting Nigerian officials two days ago they became convinced there would be no problems.
Doohan to face Schwantz  ASSEN, Netherlands, June 24 (AFP)  Australian rider Michael Doohan will start his 500cc Honda in pole position at Saturday's Dutch Grand Prix, after dominating the qualifying sessions here.
In any case, the dollar stood here in late afternoon at 1.5950 marks after rallying to 1.6105 just after the intervention and compared with 1.6005 Thursday evening.
It was trading at 100.85 yen against 101.15 Thursday and after reaching 101.85 on the concerted intervention by a number of central banks, including those of most members of the European Union as well as the Fed and the Bank of Japan.
They acted after the dollar dipped in the morning in London to 1.5905 marks and 99.93 yen, the latter very close to the post-war record low of 99.92 yen set on Tuesday.
It had been as high as 1.6105 marks in the afternoon after the intervention.
Northern troops, who have kept up rocket and artillery fire on the southern stronghold since June 16, advanced overnight into the town of Bir Ahmed after seizing the entrance on Thursday, an AFP correspondent reported.
"We slept the whole night for the first time in weeks," said refugee Mary, her face gashed by a machete, who said she came to Nyarushishi five weeks ago after her two young children were massacred by Hutu soldiers.
World Cup Notebook  LOS ANGELES, California, June 24 (AFP)  Friday's World Cup diary: On the bandwagon US football officials, used to labouring in obscurity, are a bit nonplussed by the attention heaped on the team after their historic 2-1 victory over Colombia.
(AFP) Nigerian's German move blocked Emmanuel Ammunike's 800,000-dollar move to German club Duisburg has been blocked by his Egyptian club Zamalek who are expecting better offers after the Nigerian's goalscoring start to their World Cup campaign in the 3-0 win over Bulgaria.
Ammunike helped Zamalek win the African Champions Cup last December and club official Abdel Aziz Qabil said: "We have decided to wait until after the World Cup because there are bound to be better offers from European clubs."
Still, prices gained perceptibly this week after a weak start.
Aluminum came back on center-stage after having been eclipsed by copper and moved up this week to its highest level since March 1991, up more than 50 dollars in a week.
Prices did not benefit from highr copper and aluminum, dropping after a high start at 6,585 dollars a tonne.
Stocks tumble after failed attempt to buoy dollar  NEW YORK, June 24 (AFP)  Stocks tumbled in New York Friday after a concerted effort by central banks failed to stem the slide of the dollar and long-term interest rates resumed their climb.
Stocks tumble after failed attempt to buoy dollar  NEW YORK, June 24 (AFP)  Stocks tumbled in New York Friday after a concerted effort by central banks failed to stem the slide of the dollar and long-term interest rates resumed their climb.
Kinkel mentioned a specific date after Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Vitaly Churkin said here Thursday that the warring sides would be offered "last chance" proposals early next month, to include incentives and disincentives.
Halle had an injury-plagued season, undergoing two cartilage operations after Christmas and then cracking a rib.
Luis Garcia hit a dipping shot past Pat Bonner in the Irish goal from the edge of the penalty area after Carlos Hermosillo laid off a Marcelino Bernal pass.
Tommy Coyne missed a clear chance for Ireland after just five minutes when he slid in and failed to connect with Steve Staunton's left-wing cross.
Immediately after the Rwandan civil war erupted, out, following the April 6 downing of Rwandan President Juvenal Habyrimana's plane near Kigali airport, the UN reduced its forces there to 450 from 2,500.
The dollar's failure to rally after the interventions sparked selloffs on the US stock and bond markets, and fears that the Federal Reserve will raise short-term interest rates for the fifth time this year to make dollar-denominated securities more attractive to investors.
Friday's intervention came after the shaky dollar slid for a week and fell in Tokyo Friday to a new local closing low of 100.40 yen, from 101.31 yen Thursday.
Eurodisney lost 18 pence to end at 135, after a 35-pence fall on Thursday on worries about its capital increase - ending on July 11.
The Telegraph lost 17 pence to end at 332, after a mammoth 191-pence plunge on Thursday.
In autos, Daimler-Benz gained 1.50 marks to end at 728.50 after forecasting "respectable profits" for next year.
(LONDON) In the men's singles, the 20-year-old Kafelnikov, promoted to 15th seed after a superb season in which he has posted wins at Adelaide and Copenhagen and reached the final at Hamburg, went down 4-6, 7-5, 6-4, 3-6, 6-4 to the 23-year-old Vacek.
Among industrials, Mannesmann lost 7.50 on the week to end at 399.50, but Daimler gained 1.50 to 728.50, after forecasting "very respectable" profits for 1995.
Speaking to reporters after his meeting with Major, Reynolds said there was "still a lot of work to be done" before any framework document could be properly discussed.
Paula Barbieri, a 27-year-old model and actress, said she had talked with Simpson on the phone frequently since his arrest last Friday and that he is getting "stronger" after being under a suicide watch.
At about 1:25 p.m. (1725 GMT), the dollar traded at 1.5820 German marks, down from 1.6065 marks just after the interventions and 1.6045 late Thursday.
The dollar quickly rebounded after interventions by the Federal Reserve and at least eight other central banks but then weakened under pressure from dollar selling as dealers took advantage of the rise.
The New York appeared to calm down after the European markets closed.
His first came after Carlos Hermosillo laid off a Marcelino Bernal pass after a sudden spurt inside split the Irish defence.
Tommy Coyne had missed a clear chance for Ireland after just five minutes when he slid in and failed to connect with Steve Staunton's left-wing cross.
But now they must face Italy, buoyant after their rousing win over Norway, in their last group game in Washington on June 28.
Gaston Taumont was left with an open goal and the Saudis were left with nothing after taking a shock early lead through Fuad Amin Anwar's sixth minute header.
US organisers report that after 17 games, over 95 percent of the stadiums were full.
The man, a former employee of Scandinavian Airlines System (SAS) whose name was not released, received the maximum possible sentence after his conviction for importing 5.5 kilograms of heroin, 80 kilograms of marijuana and 12,000 amphetamine pills.
The man had settled in Pattaya, Thailand, in 1992, after being dismissed from his 10-year position at SAS a year earlier.
The 40-year-old McNulty had a faultless 67 for a seven under par 137 to share second place, one stroke behind England's Malcom Mackenzie after a sweltering second round in which Sweden's Anders Forsbrand lost nine golf balls.
He took 93 strokes to complete 17 holes of the course in this western Paris suburb, but after five more strokes at the 18th, during which he lost his final two balls, Forsbrand ran out ammunition.
McNulty, a multiple winner on the European circuit, was never in danger of such indignity after charting a careful path to aviod the waist-high rough.
"I have done some serious soul-searching recently," said McNulty, "and after talking to David and Nick and working with my coach Martin Whitcher at the Rand club in Johannesburg, I have found something that really helps.
The only door for Forsbrand was the one marked 'Exit' after he suffered his first disaster at the seventh by taking eight.
No-confidence debate against Hata postponed again  TOKYO, June 25 (AFP)  A parliamentary session to consider a no-confidence motion against Japan's Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata was postponed again until noon Saturday after midnight horse-trading.
Under UN resolutions adopted after the 1991 Gulf War Iraq is banned from possessing missiles with a range exceeding 150 kilometres (93 miles).
Surrey take charge  LONDON, June 24 (AFP)  England Test batsman Alec Stewart and Surrey team-mate Adam Hollioake both hit centuries to leave Leicestershire reeling after the second day of the English County Championship top-of-the-table match on Friday.
Middlesex are heading for their second successive win after Durham ended the day on 221 for seven, replying to the home side's 499 for seven.
The dollar stood here at 1.5825 German marks at 1630 GMT after rallying to 1.6105 just after the intervention and compared with 1.6005 Thursday evening.
Against the yen it ended trading at 100.47 compared to 101.15 the previous day and 101.85 just after intervention.
Sterling held up relatively well against the mark after the announcement of a lower than expected trade deficit for Britain.
(incorporates Japan-politics-postpone) Japan delays no-confidence debate against Hata  TOKYO, June 25 (AFP)  Japan's House of Representatives decided after intense horse-trading overnight to convene a full session to consider a no-confidence motion against Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata at noon Saturday.
The motion was submitted Thursday by the main opposition Liberal Demcratic Party which is trying to make a comeback after losing its 38-year grip on power in elections held a year ago.
The 20-year-old Kafelnikov, promoted to 15th seed after a superb season in which he has posted wins at Adelaide and Copenhagen and reached the final at Hamburg, lost in five sets to the 23-year-old Czech.
The man, first thought to be a crazed gunman, was arrested after the attack which is thought to concern a settling of gangland accounts.
The attacker gave himself up after being cornered by police while holed up in a shop.
Martin, the sixth seed, who survived a gruelling five-set clash with Czech opponent Martin Damm, is joint second favourite to win the crown by bookmakers after the shock exits of Michael Stich, Stefan Edberg and Jim Courier.
At his current pace, Griffey would reach 62 homers after 140 games.
The emperor bowed his head slightly and appeared to pray as a moment's silence was observed after he laid the wreath at the dedication stone.
Mexicans turn up the heat for Irish  ORLANDO, Florida, June 24 (AFP)  Jack Charlton blamed the 110 degree heat in Florida but also found praise for opponents Mexico after his Republic of Ireland side suffered only their 12th defeat under his management here on Friday.
A 2-1 result at the Citrus Bowl left Irish qualification for the second round in the balance with all four teams in Group E locked on three points after two games.
Stocks tumble after failed attempt to buoy dollar  NEW YORK, June 24 (AFP)  Stocks tumbled in New York Friday after a concerted effort by central banks failed to stem the slide of the dollar and long-term interest rates resumed their climb.
"The dollar is this week's witch," said Tom McManus of Morgan Stanley, after a massive effort by major central banks failed to prop up the ailing US currency.
In the extremely volatile foreign exchange markets, the dollar was unable to consolidate the gains it made immediately after the banks intervened.
This latest test began five weeks after a vast rescue operation by 18 central banks, led by the Federal Reserve and supported by Bentsen's statements opposing a devaluation of the dollar.
The Barcelona striker, who scored in the 2-0 win over Russia, had wasted an earlier chance when he tried to flick the ball up for a volley after a flowing, five-man move down the left put him free in the penalty area.
Francois Omam-Biyik and David Embe both worked their way behind the Brazilian defence but overhit their crosses and then Louis Mfede shot over after being fouled by Rai as Cameroon took the game to the triple champions.
Cameroon's powerful captain Stephen Tataw, having a terrific tussle with Brazil's attacking left-back Leonardo, cleared from Romario in the corner after Bebeto switched play from one flank to the other.
But it certainly did not look as if the Cameroon players had spent the past week arguing over pay after drawing their opening match 2-2 with Sweden.
Washington suspended the third round of negotiations in March after North Korea barred inspections of its nuclear facilities, which are suspected of being used for developing weapons.
President Bill Clinton agreed to resume the talks after confirming Pyongyang's pledge to former president Jimmy Carter that it would fulfill its commitments under the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
Paula Barbieri, a 27-year-old model and actress, said she had talked with Simpson on the phone frequently since his arrest last Friday and that he is getting "stronger" after being under a suicide watch.
Bebeto made it 3-0 on 73 minutes when he slid in a ball which broke loose after Bell had gone down to block Romario.
Dollar lower despite central banks' concerted intervention  NEW YORK, June 24 (AFP)  The dollar regained some of the ground it lost against other major currencies Friday, but still ended the day lower after central banks intervened to prop up the greenback.
Trading was quiet after the European markets closed but the dollar could slide again next week to below 1.54 marks, a European trader in New York said.
Delors retires as president of the EU executive on January 5 after 10 years in the job.
The meeting had been questioned after Brazilian President Itamar Franco said last week he would not travel to Lisbon for personal reasons.
The Barcelona striker, who scored in the 2-0 win over Russia, had wasted an earlier chance when he tried to flick the ball up for a volley after a flowing, five-man move down the left put him free in the penalty area.
Francois Omam-Biyik and David Embe both worked their way behind the Brazilian defence but overhit their crosses and then Louis Mfede shot over after being fouled by Rai.
Tataw, having a terrific tussle with Brazil's attacking left-back Leonardo, cleared from Romario in the corner after Bebeto switched play from one flank to the other.
But it certainly did not look as if the Cameroon players had spent the past week arguing over pay after drawing their opening match 2-2 with Sweden.
An EU official confirmed that the meeting had broken up, but that the leaders were then summoned to resume the talks well after midnight.
Delors retires as president of the EU executive on January 5 after 10 years in the job.
"When is the Maradonitis going to end," said the 33-year-old Argentina captain who is without a club after a comeback attempt with Newell's Old Boys in Argentina collapsed earlier this year.
Written off by the media, he said after the game, "I answer my critics on the field."
Northern troops, who have kept up rocket and artillery fire on the southern capital since June 16, earlier advanced into Bir Ahmed after seizing the entrance on Thursday, an AFP correspondent reported.
Delors, a French socialist, retires as president of the influential EU executive on January 5 after 10 years in the job.
Meeting on the first day of their two-day summit, the EU leaders ended a working dinner after midnight in disagreement, with eight of the leaders voting for Dehaene, three for Lubbers and one for Brittan.
The statement was released after the UN chief met with a representative from northern Yemen, Abdel-Karim al-Iriani, the planning and development minister.
Brahimi, who is from Algeria, was back in New York from Yemen and attended the meeting after having reported to Boutros-Ghali.
McGeorge sets aside mom's cancer, takes LPGA lead  SOMERS POINT, New Jersey, June 24 (AFP)  Missie McGeorge, shurgging off her mother's imminent cancer surgery, fired a five-under par 66 here Friday for a one-stroke lead after one round of the 500,000-dollar LPGA Shoprite Classic.
A record 33 players finished under par after the first of three rounds in the event.
The emperor bowed his head slightly and appeared to pray as a moment's silence was observed after he laid the wreath at the dedication stone.
    SOMERS POINT, New Jersey, June 24 (AFP) - Results here Friday after one  round of the 500,000-dollar LPGA Shoprite Classic (USA unless noted):     66 - Missie McGeorge     67 - Barb Bunkowsky (Canada), Nancy Harvey (Canada), Betsy King, Shelley  Hamlin, Michelle Estill, Donna Andrews, Pat Bradley, Brandi Burton     68 - Mardi Lunn (Australia), Jenny Lidback (Peru), Sally Little (South  Africa), Carolyn Hill, Kim Saiki, Sherri Steinhauer, Judy Dickinson, Lori  Garbacz     ...
Sanchez has a foot injury after being kicked in Thursday's goalless draw against South Korea in Boston and Ramallo a persistent ankle problem.
The Norwegian goalkeeper, Tottenham's Erik Thorstvedt, admitted he was "embarrassed" by losing to Italy after they had had an extra man for so long.
Interest rate fears hurt Wall Street  NEW YORK, June 24 (AFP)  Wall Street ended the week lower after being hurt by a weak dollar and new fears of interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve, whose efforts at intervention Friday had little success.
Thursday, the Senate's 44 Republicans sent Clinton a letter calling on him to denounce what they called a campaign against the religious conservatives after a Democratic congressman referred to the group as the "fire-breathing Christian radical right."
The Barcelona striker, who scored in the 2-0 win over Russia, had wasted an earlier chance when he tried to flick the ball up for a volley after a flowing, five-man move down the left put him free in the penalty area.
Francois Omam-Biyik and David Embe both worked their way behind the Brazilian defence but overhit their crosses and then Louis Mfede shot over after being fouled by Rai.
Tataw, having a terrific tussle with Brazil's attacking left-back Leonardo, cleared from Romario in the corner after Bebeto switched play from one flank to the other.
But it certainly did not look as if the Cameroon players had spent the past week arguing over pay after drawing their opening match 2-2 with Sweden.
Stockton fired a four-under par 66 for the second straight round to take a one-stroke lead over South Africa's David Frost after two rounds of the 1.2 million-dollar Greater Hartford Open here Friday.
"We are still not getting it quite right but we are headed in the right direction," said coach Carlos Alberto Parreira after a three- goal defeat of Cameroon ensured the triple champions progress.
That was more than could be said of the defending champions Germany whose coach Berti Vogts has his hands full getting his own team to pull together after two lifeless performances against Bolivia and Spain.
The Russians, who reshaped their team with five changes after last Monday's 2-0 disappointing loss to Brazil, went ahead in the fourth minute.
Paula Barbieri, a 27-year-old model and actress, said she had talked with Simpson on the phone frequently since his arrest last Friday and that he is getting "stronger" after being under a suicide watch.
I had three tickets from the French federation, who had said I could sell them, and I was trying to get rid of them at half- price," he said Friday after appearing in court.
The ministers were scheduled to meet again at 0700 GMT, after just a few hours sleep, to seek the unanimity necessary for nominating a replacement for Delors.
Speaking on behalf of Lubbers, Dutch vice-premier Wim Kok insisted that the vote was invalid because the meeting had broken up after an earlier poll at the summit where his candidacy had won the support of Italy and Spain.
Meeting on the first day of their two-day summit, the EU leaders ended a working dinner after midnight in disaccord, with eight of the leaders voting for Dehaene, three for Lubbers and one for Brittan.
Delors, a French socialist, retires as president of the influential EU executive on January 5 after 10 years in the job.
Russia, who reshaped their team with five changes after last Monday's 2-0 loss to Brazil, started brightly and went ahead in the fourth minute when they were awarded a penalty.
The Bayer Uerdingen defender was shown the red card for his second bookable offence just four minutes after the break leaving Russia to play with 10 men for nearly all of the second half.
The defeat left Russia, bedevilled by player unrest in the leadup to the tournament, with no points after two matches and having to beat Cameroon next Tuesday in San Francisco to clinch third spot and possible entry into the last 16.
LOS ANGELES, California, June 24 (AFP)  World Cup goalscorers after Friday's games: 3: Gabriel Batistuta (Argentina), Martin Dahlin (Sweden) 2: Georges Bregy (Switzerland), Luis Garcia (Mexico), Andoni Goikoetxea (Spain), Gheorghe Hagi (Romania), Jurgen Klinsmann (Germany), Florin Raducioiu (Romania), Romario (Brazil), Adolfo Valencia (Colombia) 1: John Aldridge (Ireland), Fuad Amin Anwar (S Arabia), Daniel Amokachi (Nigeria), Emmanuel Amunike (Nigeria), Dino Baggio (Italy), Bebeto (Brazil), Tomas Brolin (Sweden) Stephane Chapuisat (Switzerland), Marc Degryse (Belgium), David Embe (Cameroon), Hong Myung-Bo (South Korea), Ray Houghton (Republic of Ireland), Wim Jonk (Holland), Adrian Knup (Switzerland), Roger Ljung (Sweden), Diego Maradona (Argentina), Francois Omam-Biyik (Cameroon), Rai (Brazil), Kjetil Rekdal (Norway), Oleg Salenko (Russia), Julio Salinas (Spain), Marcio Santos (Brazil), Seo Jung-Won (South Korea), Ernie Stewart (USA), Alain Sutter (Switzerland), Gaston Taument (Holland), Eric Wynalda (USA), Rashidi Yekini (Nigeria) Own goal: Andres Escobar (Colombia) bdb94 
Voters seek leader to pull Ukraine out of the mire by Marielle Eudes  KIEV, June 25 (AFP)  Ukrainians go to the polls Sunday looking for a leader to drag the country out of the economic swamp it has fallen into just two- and-a-half years after independence.
Kravchuk has seen his star rise in recent polls after indicating he too wants a close relationship with Moscow, as do a reported 76 percent of electors.
Though the nuclear question appears resolved after the recent signing of a trilateral accord between Russia, Ukraine and the United States, the situation in the Crimea remains precarious following the election there of a leader who wants to unite the mainly Russian-inhabited Ukrainian peninsula with Russia.
    LOS ANGELES, California, June 24 (AFP) - World Cup first-round standings  after Friday's matches:     Group A                     P   W   D   L   F   A  Pts     Switzerland     2   1   1   0   5   2   4     USA             2   1   1   0   3   2   4     Romania         2   1   0   1   4   5   3     Colombia        2   0   0   2   2   5   0     To play: 26-6 USA-Romania, Switzerland-Colombia     Group B                     P   W   D   L   F   A  Pts     Brazil          2   2   0   0   5   0   6     Sweden          2   1   1   0   5   3   4     Cameroon        2   0   1   1   2   5   1     Russia          2   0   0   2   1   5   0     To play: 28-6 Russia-Cameroon, Brazil-Sweden     more 
Japan's House of Representatives decided after intense horse-trading overnight to convene a full session to consider a no-confidence motion against the prime minister at noon Saturday.
The motion was submitted Thursday by the main opposition Liberal Demcratic Party, which is trying to make a comeback after losing its 38-year grip on power in elections held a year ago.
Maturana, who takes over as coach at Atletico Madrid next season after his second spell in charge of Colombia, could offer no plausible explanation for the sudden loss of form.
Maturana was forced to drop Gabriel Jaime Gomez after death threats from Bogota to bomb his and the midfielder's homes.
Saxony-Anhalt poll to test upward trend in Kohl's fortunes  MAGDEBURG, Germany, June 25 (AFP)  Some 2.2 million voters go to the polls Sunday in the eastern German state of Saxony-Anhalt in a further test of the rise in fortunes of Chancellor Helmut Kohl after the unexpectedly strong showing of his Christian Democrats (CDU) in the European elections.
Sanchez has a foot injury after being kicked in Thursday's goalless draw against South Korea in Boston and Ramallo a persistent ankle problem.
Striker Marco Etcheverry was already suspended after being sent off in their opening defeat by Germany.
The motion was submitted Thursday by the main opposition Liberal Demcratic Party, which is trying to make a comeback after losing its 38-year grip on power in elections held a year ago.
Sweden, only the second team after Holland to come from behind to win, now play Brazil in Detroit next Tuesday to decide the Group B winners, who stay in San Francisco.
"We are still not getting it quite right, but we are headed in the right direction," Parreira said after a three-goal defeat of Cameroon ensured the triple champions' progress.
His whole team seemed to be squabbling after two lifeless performances against Bolivia and Spain.
He may appear again against Russia in San Francisco on Tuesday, although goalkeeper Joseph-Antoine Bell feared he would be made the scapegoat after leading yet another pay dispute.
Romanian desperadoes take aim at USA by Rebecca Bryan  LOS ANGELES, California, June 24 (AFP)  The United States, euphoric after their 2-1 upset of Colombia, will run into a Romanian side fighting for their lives when they meet in their final Group A match here Sunday.
While they basked in both, the Romanians headed back on their second trip across three time zones, looking for redemption after their disastrous 4-1 loss to Switzerland in Detroit.
The United States are almost certain to qualify after their victory over Colombia and a draw with the Swiss.
Bulgaria and Greece fight for survival  CHICAGO, Illinois, June 24 (AFP)  Bulgaria and Greece, their campaigns in some disarray after heavy opening defeats, will be playing for World Cup survival when they meet in Group D here on Sunday.
The game at Chicago's Soldier Field, where high temperatures have given way to chilly rain, should present BulgarY`a with theirbest chance of an overdue first win in the World Cup finals after 17 failures since 1962.
The find also came after rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front  forces shelled a Red Cross hospital in a government-controlled sector of the  capital Kigali.
On Thursday a no-confidence motion was initiated against Hata by the LDP, which is trying to make a comeback after losing its 38-year grip on power in elections held a year ago.
Many Tutsi exiles in Uganda in the 1960s rallied to Museveni after Obote tried to expel them.
South Africa's five tries only came after they conceded two --- by Lino Foai and Tony Barchardin -- in the first 10 minutes.
But the South African forwards began to dominate, clawing back to cut the deficit to 20-15 by half-time and then taking control after the break.
On a rain-soaked pitch, David Campese aquaplaned over the line to give Australia their only try of the match after they had led 15-0 at half time.
China accounts for 10 percent of global textile exports, making it the world's second largest exporter in the sector after Hong Kong -- many of whose products originate on the mainland.
Washington suspended the third round of negotiations in March after North Korea barred inspections of its nuclear facilities, which are suspected of being used for developing weapons.
Clinton agreed to resume the talks after confirming Pyongyang's pledge to former president Jimmy Carter that it would fulfill its commitments under the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
The statement was released after the UN chief met with the north's Planning Minister Abdelkarim al-Iryani.
Brahimi also attended the meeting after reporting back to Boutros- Ghali on his 10-day tour of Yemen and neighbouring countries.
Fighting erupted between rival north and south Yemeni troops on May 5, after months of tension between President Ali Abdallah Saleh, a northerner, and his southern rival and former vice president Ali Salem al-Baid.
The visit was to continue discussions on normalising ties five years after the end of the 1980-1988 Iran-Iraq war.
Talks resumed last October after they were broken in the wake of the Gulf war.
Summit resumes in Corfu, facing row over Delors' successor  CORFU, Greece, June 25 (AFP)  EU leaders resumed talks here Saturday morning with their agenda still topped by a bitter row over the succession of the EU's chief executive, after a night of dramatic wrangling failed to produce a consensus candidate.
Speaking on behalf of Lubbers, Kok insisted that the vote was invalid because the meeting had broken up after an earlier poll at the summit where his candidacy had won the support of Italy and Spain.
The atmosphere was likely to be strained after Lubbers criticised the politicking involved in the succession race as, "not a service to democracy," he said.
The choice of commission president, to succeed Delors when he retires after two five terms on January 5 next year, has to be approved by unanimity.
Mutegi Njau was charged with subversion in April after he wrote a story quoting an eyewitness as saying he had seen a helicopter transporting warriors in the Burnt Forest area of western Kenya, during an eruption of tribal clashes there earlier this year.
His statement came as European Union leaders resumed talks in Corfu, Greece, on the difficult question of the succession of the EU's chief executive, after a night of dramatic wrangling failed to produce a consensus candidate.
The choice of commission president, to succeed Jacques Delors when he retires after two five terms on January 5 next year, must be unanimous.
Northern rocket and shell attacks stopped late Friday bringing an uneasy calm to the battered city after a day in which 14 civilians died and 42 were wounded, hospital officials said.
They had taken the school in the middle of Bir Ahmed Friday after occupying the entrance to the village on Thursday.
Japanese government collapses after 54 days in power by Susumu Sono  TOKYO, June 25 (AFP)  Japanese Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata's minority coalition government collapsed Saturday under mounting opposition pressure less than two months after coming to power.
"I have decided on the mass resignation of my cabinet," Hata told a news conference after only 59 days in office, the second-shortest period ever after the 54-day tenure of prime minister Naruhiko Higashikuni in 1945.
Hata's announcement came just before the lower house was scheduled to convene at noon to debate a no-confidence motion submitted Thursday by the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), the corruption-riden conservative party kicked out of office last year after 38 years in power.
The SDP, which stormed out of the coalition the same month after the establishment of a new coalition alliance behind its back, had threatened to support the LDP motion if Hata refused to resign voluntarily.
Hosokawa announced his resignation in April after being grilled in parliament over a financial scandal.
One year in the life of Japanese politics  TOKYO, June 25 (AFP)  Herewith a chronology of the main political developments in Japan over the past year: 1993 -- June 18: Prime Minister Kiichi Miyazawa dissolves the lower house and calls fresh elections after losing a no-confidence motion submitted by the Social Democratic Party (SDP), Komeito and the Democratic Socialist Party.
-- May 7: Justice Minister Shigeto Nagano resigns after describing the Japanese massacre of Chinese in Nanjing in 1937 as a "fabriction."
-- June 23: LDP submits no-confidence motion immediately after delayed budget bills clear upper house.
In New York, US and North Korean diplomats met Friday to plan a third round of high-level talks scheduled for early July in Geneva after Pyongyang agreed to freeze its nuclear programme.
US President Bill Clinton agreed to resume the talks after confirming Pyongyang's pledge to former president Jimmy Carter that it would fulfill its safeguards commitments.
The strike decision at Hyundai came a day after the labor alliance called for a sympathy strike on Monday at some 100 workplaces across the country, including the Hyundai shipyard and the second largest, the Daewoo shipyard.
Railway authorities said they would wait a day longer until Sunday morning for striking workers to return to work after the initial deadline set for Saturday morning passed largely unheeded.
The home side, led by British-based James Pickering, ran riot in the second half after leading 16-8 at half-time.
He cruised to an easy victory, while Tadayuki Okada of Japan (Honda) came second and Wilco Zeelenberg of the Netherlands (Honda) third after a dramatic five-man scrap for second place.
Biaggi cruises to Dutch triumph  ASSEN, Netherlands, June 24 (AFP)  Italian Massimiliano Biaggi cruised to victory in the Dutch 250cc Grand Prix here on Saturday after his main rivals crashed out.
Biaggi, who had begun on pole on his Aprilia, spent most of the race on his own after compatriots Doriano Romboni and Loris Capirossi both spun off.
Tadayuki Okada of Japan came second on another Honda after a dramatic five-man scrap, strengthening his position behind Biaggi in the overall rankings.
   Mizuno open golf scores     HAKUI, Japan, June 25 (AFP) - Leading scores after the third round of the  990,000-dollar Mizuno open men's golf tournament here Saturday:     209 - Eduardo Herrera (Colombia) 69-70-70     Brian Watts (USA) 68-68-73     210 - David Ishii (USA) 70-71-69, Stuart Ginn (Australia) 71-71-68, Eiji  Mizoguchi (Japan) 72-70-68, Hisashi Nakase (Japan) 70-70-70, Koichi Suzuki  (Japan) 66-70-74, Masanobu Kimura (Japan) 69-70-71     211 - Anthony Gilligan (Australia) 69-66-76     Selected     215 - Todd Hamilton (USA) 77-69-69     216 - Gregory Meyer (USA) 73-73-70     218 - Craig McClellan (USA) 71-73-74     hf/vb/tl/94 
(incorporating EU-summit-Greece) EU in deadlock after Britain vetoes Dehaene  CORFU, Greece, June 25 (AFP)  A European Union summit failed here Saturday to agree on a new president for the European Commission after Britain refused to endorse the Belgian front-runner.
The Belgian premier was left as the sole remaining candidate after Dutch Prime Minister Ruud Lubbers and the EU's British trade commissioner, Sir Leon Brittan, pulled out of the race.
Faced with the escalating row, the Greek presidency of the EU asked the current European Commission president, Jacques Delors, to accept a new term after January 5, when he is due to retire after 10 years in the job.
The PKK and several other alleged front organisations were banned in November 1993 after a wave of violent incidents in Germany instigated by Kurds.
"It's tough being as big as me," she grinned after reaching the last- sixteen of the women's singles with a 6-4, 3-6, 6-1 victory over Germany's Petra Rittner, "But I'm getting used to it now.
"I took a month off tennis altogether after winning the junior title at the United States Open in 1992 to decide what I wanted to do," she said, adding: "After a month I was so bored I had to get back into it.
His call came days after two other opposition parties had told their supporters to arm themselves with spears and arrows in case of attacks by ZANU-PF youths -- and only hours after Mugabe had warned his political opponents that if attacked, his party had more and even better weapons than them.
(new series) EU in deadlock after Britain vetoes Dehaene by Graham Brown  CORFU, Greece, June 25 (AFP)  A European Union summit slid into crisis here Saturday as Britain blocked the nomination of Belgian Prime Minister Jean-Luc Dehaene as president of the European Commission.
The Belgian premier was left as the sole remaining candidate after Dutch Prime Minister Ruud Lubbers and the EU's British trade commissioner, Sir Leon Brittan, pulled out of the race.
Faced with the escalating row, the Greek presidency of the EU asked the current European Commission president, 68-year old French socialist Jacques Delors, to accept a new term after January 5, when he is due to retire after 10 years in the job.
In a vote after midnight on Friday night, eight of the EU leaders backed Dehaene as president.
About 50 women had to be evacuated after the maternity ward, operating theatres and laboratory were destroyed there, hospital deputy director Saleh Abed Ali said.
reopens (ASSEN) Championship leader Michael Doohan of Australia won the 500cc race on his factory Honda, his fifth win of the season, storming clear on the final lap after a long battle with Brazilian Alex Barros, who came second on a Suzuki.
Doohan proves he's the master  ASSEN, Netherlands, June 25 (AFP)  Australian Michael Doohan produced a masterly performance at the Dutch Grand Prix here on Saturday to win his fifth title of the season after a bitter dogfight with Brazilian Alex Barros.
He actually took the lead early on after former world 250cc champion John Kocinski of the United States had stolen the lead at the first bend.
Abiola was jailed on Thursday after holding a rally days after proclaiming himself president and vowing to form a government on the anniversary of last June's free elections which were annulled by the military government.
EU summit closes, failing to agree on new EU chief executive  CORFU, Greece, June 25 (AFP)  A two-day summit of EU leaders wound up here Saturday, after failing to agree on a successor for European Commission President Jacques Delors, but approving major transport projects.
The EU summit, conducted on this Greek Mediterranean island during Greece's six month presidency of the European Council, failed to find a new chief executive after Britain blocked Belgian Prime Minister Jean-Luc Dehaene.
In a statement conveyed by his spokesman after the meetings on Friday, Boutros-Ghali blamed northern leaders for bombing Aden and urged them to call an immediate ceasefire in the two-month-old war.
reopens (ASSEN) Takeshi Tsujimura of Japan won the 150cc Dutch Grand Prix here on Saturday in sensational style, after being left behind on the starting grid.
Iran steps up campaign against rebel group after shrine bombing by Laurent Maillard  MASHHAD, Iran, June 25 (AFP)  Authorities have stepped up their campaign against a rebel group accused of planting a bomb here five days ago in Iran's holiest shrine, as a newspaper charged Iraq was behind the attack.
The EU summit on the Greek island of Corfu failed to find a new chief executive after Britain blocked Belgian Prime Minister Jean-Luc Dehaene, after Lubbers and Leon Brittan stepped down, clearing the way for Dehaene.
British Prime Minister John Major vetoed Dehaene's succession to the influential post after saying the necessary unanimity had not been reached.
On Saint Bede's day in 1921, seven years after he killed the Archduke and Duchess Sophia, Princip's body was brought back to Sarajevo and buried in the mausoleum containing the remains of his executed accomplices.
Jorge Martinez of Spain, on a Yamaha, came second after starting in 17th on the grid, while Dutchman Loek Bodelier, on a Honda, came third.
The early stages of the race had been just as dramatic, with German reigning world champion Dirk Raudies forced out with mechanical problems just seconds after opening-lap leader Noboru Ueda was involved in a spectacular crash that sent him somersaulting off his Honda.
Hata quits as Japan's premier with eyes on comeback by Shigemi Sato  TOKYO, June 25 (AFP)  Japan's Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata stepped down Saturday after 59 days in office to head off an imminent no-confidence vote, with one eye on a possible comeback with new bedfellows to beef up his minority coalition.
Hosokawa announced his resignation in April after being grilled in parliament over a financial scandal.
Polish President Lech Walesa hailed Weizsaecker as a "friend of Poland and the Poles," saying he was "the heir of Konrad Adenauer who had always been convinced that a new Germany would be a good neighbor to Poland" after World War II atrocities committed by Nazi Germany.
Weizsaecker was in Warsaw on his last official visit to a foreign country before leaving office after two five-year terms as German president.
Evans claimed there was no club in Wales which could call itself truly amateur and added: "Treorchy look after me."
Another 200 French soldiers are in Gisenyi, a key town in Rwanda's northwest where the interim government opposed by the rebels has set up after fleeing rebel advances.
Major criticised Dehaene for insisting on running for the EU's top executive position even after Britain had informed the Belgian government that its prime minister would not be an acceptable choice for Britain.
But a classified memo by US Ambassador to the United Nations Madeleine Albright recommended reducing the US troop contribution to 3,000 very quickly after the force goes into Haiti, the Times said.
But that agreement broke down after Haiti's military leadership reneged on a commitment to step down and allow the reinstatement of exiled president Jean-Bertrand Aristide, who was ousted in a September 1991 military coup.
No play for South Africa  CANTERBURY, England, June 25 (AFP)  The first day's play in the tour match between South Africa and Kent was abandoned here on Saturday after an early afternoon inspection of the water-logged pitch.
Speaking after the two-day summit ended here, he said the 12-member European Union would seek more funding for this purpose from other industrialized countries at the Group of Seven summit in Naples, Italy, next month.
The creation of the ministry "is very important for the future of Turkish democracy" and was "planned for in a protocol concluded on the formation of the coalition government with the DYP," Kahraman said after he handed a letter of resignation to deputy prime minister and SHP chairman Murat Karayalcin.
Fifty years later, Russian troops leave Berlin  BERLIN, June 25 (AFP)  Russian troops took their leave of the people of Berlin Saturday, one week after a similar ceremony by the wartime western Allies, in a military parade which renewed unease about their exclusion from joint farewell celebrations.
A crowd of 40,000 mostly eastern Berliners came to say goodbye for the last time to the troops, who they now want to see as friends after 40 years of East-West confrontation and Cold War in the heart of their city.
Set up after the end of World War II, the Bretton-Woods agreement form the basis for the current world monetary system.
The two-day EU summit on the Greek island of Corfu closed Saturday after failing to designate a new chief executive, Britain effectively blocking the choice of Dehaene, the Belgian prime minister.
   Saturday, June 25 (since 0300 GMT)     CORFU, Greece: A two-day summit of EU leaders wound up on the Greek island  of Corfu after failing to agree on a successor for European Commission  President Jacques Delors, though it approved major transport projects.
The EU  summit failed to find a new chief executive after Britain blocked Belgian  Prime Minister Jean-Luc Dehaene.
(AFP)     TOKYO: Japan's Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata stepped down after 59 days in  office to head off an imminent no-confidence vote, with one eye on a possible  comeback with new bedfellows to beef up his minority coalition.
UN suspends plans to evacuate trappped civilians  NAIROBI, June 25 (AFP)  UN troops in Rwanda on Saturday abandoned plans to evacuated refugees trapped behind battle lines in the capital Kigali after rebels and governemnt forces failed to agree on a temporary ceasefire, a UN spokesman said by telephone from Kigali.
Border police stopped thousands more people trying to travel here from countries near Germany after their identity papers were found to be out of order, the interior ministry said.
The PKK and several other alleged front organisations were banned in November 1993 after a wave of violent incidents in Germany instigated by Kurds.
Two men, armed with a handgun, a Samurai sword and dynamite, were arrested after holing up with Asahi executives at the newspaper's headquarters in Tokyo on April 1.
Around 4,000 spectators came to watch the South Africans return to first-class action in England after a gap of 29 years.
Play was called off at 2.15pm after the Kent groundstaff worked all morning  to clean up.
Mike Procter, South Africa's coach, said his players were keen to get their tour under way after two warm-up one-day games during the past week.
New Series Baresi well after knee surgery  MARTINSVILLE, New Jersey, June 25 (AFP)  Italy's captain Franco Baresi is expected to make a quick recovery from surgery on his injured knee that has put him out of the World Cup.
Baresi, the Italian captain and defensive lynchpin, underwent 20 minutes of keyhole surgery on Friday night to remove fragments of cartilage after he tore the meniscus in his right knee during Thursday's 1-0 win against Norway.
But Ferretti added it was highly unlikely that the 34-year-old would be able to recover match fitness quickly enough after a fortnight's lay-off.
                    by John Nyaga     ADEN, Yemen:    A fierce artillery bombardment of Aden by                     northern forces and clashes on the city's                     outskirts kill 11 people and wound 78, hospital                     workers say, after the UN fails to broker a                     ceasefire.
                    US-Simpson-violence                     500 words around 1700 GMT                     by Nicole Deshayes     BERLIN:         Russian troops took their leave of the people of                     Berlin, one week after a similar ceremony by the                     wartime western Allies, in a military parade                     which renewed unease about their exclusion from                     joint farewell celebrations.
                    Germany-Russia, moved     TOKYO:          Japan's Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata stepped down                     after 59 days in office to head off an imminent                     no-confidence vote, with one eye on a possible                     comeback with new bedfellows to beef up his                     minority coalition.
The Malaysians raised their game in the second half with Mirnawan Nirwawi forcing their first corner seven minutes after the break, but Maninderjit Singh's shot was saved.
Dahlin's double strike came after Russia was reduced to 10 men following the dismissal of Gorlukovich by French referee Joel Quiniou just four minutes into the second half.
Speaking after a two-day EU summit ended here, he said the 12-member European Union would seek more funding for the shutdown from other industrialised countries at the Group of Seven summit in Naples, Italy, next month.
British Prime Minister John Major said after a two-day summit that Dehaene was unacceptable as the EU's top civil servant because he was too favourable to centralised authority and interventionism.
He had been left as the sole remaining candidate after Dutch Prime Minister Ruud Lubbers and the EU's British trade commissioner, Sir Leon Brittan, pulled out of the race earlier in the day.
The latest crisis comes just three months after Britain nearly sabotaged efforts to bring Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden into the union by trying to block voting changes which make it harder to veto EU decisions.
The two mediators, Owen for the European Union and Stoltenberg for the United Nations, arrived in Belgrade from the EU summit in Corfu after stopping off en route in Macedonia to meet President Kiro Gligorov.
The PKK and several other alleged front organisations were banned in November 1993 after a wave of violent incidents in Germany instigated by Kurds.
In Saturday's other match, Argentina romped to a 3-0 victory over struggling Malaysia, who never recovered after conceding a goal in only the fourth minute.
Ten minutes after Carpizo's announcement, a presidential spokesman rushed to let it be known that President Carlos Salinas de Gortari would not accept it.
But after a three-hour meeting between the president and his minister Friday, the situation was no clearer.
The succession of resignations may reflect an all-out struggle within the PRI, which has been in power for 65 years but has been shaken by one crisis after another since the beginning of the year, including the Chiapas rebel uprising and the assassination of its presidential candidate.
Mastan, 72, died in a plush nursing home in an exclusive south Bombay suburb after suffering a heart attack, the news agency said.
"It was almost impossible at times," Keane said after Ireland's 2-1 loss to Mexico in temperatures that reached more than 100 F (35 C) on the pitch.
(AFP) Argentinians never forget Argentinian fans, still bitter at their side's 5-0 home defeat by Colombia in the qualifiers, made more than 200 anonymous calls to the Colombian embassy in Buenos Aires to ridicule their South American rivals after their second defeat of the World Cup.
A man was arrested after a police officer was struck by a car.
(AFP) Number 10 for sale Norway captain Rune Bratseth traded shirts with Italian star Roberto Baggio after their 1-0 loss to Italy, but he won't be keeping the souvenir.
Bratseth, who is retiring after the World Cup, plans to auction football memorabilia to finance his Rune Bratseth Soccer Fund to help needy children.
De Cloe was taken to hospital after being hit on the head in Kissimmee, near Orlando.
British Prime Minister John Major said the fight against drugs and crime was a good way to increase the EU's relevancy in daily life after European Parliament elections last month which reflected widespread public apathy.
The renewed artillery fire broke an uneasy calm which descended on the city overnight after the north's Planning Minister Abdelkarim al- Iryani met with UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali.
In a statement conveyed by his spokesman after the meeting on Friday, Boutros-Ghali blamed northern leaders for bombing Aden and urged them to call an immediate ceasefire in the two-month-old war.
Greek European Affairs Minister Theodoros Pangalos welcomed this "new step" in the adhesion of Cyprus to the European Union, after the enlargement of the union to include Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden on January 1, 1995.
Only Austria out of these countries is certain to enter the union after its electorate approved the initiative in a referendum on June 12.
Cyprus has been divided in two since Turkish troops invaded the north of the island in 1974 after a short-lived coup by supporters of the ruling Greek junta.
Holland, seeking a vast improvement after struggling to beat Saudi Arabia in their opener, made two changes.
Belgium returned to their customary 4-4-2 with attacker Luc Nilis left out and defender Philippe Albert returning after suspension.
It was awarded after Marc Emmers felled Dennis Bergkamp on the left edge of the penalty area.
Preud'homme plunged to his left to keep out another Koeman free kick in the 12th minute after skipper Georges Grun had been penalised for handball.
Preud'homme produced perhaps his best save in just getting his outstretched right hand to push away Frank Rijkaard's angled shot after he had put been through by Jan Wouters in the 23rd minute.
De Goey brilliantly pushed Grun's stinging shot over the bar but Holland needed a brave interception from Ronald de Boer to deny Weber after Koeman failed completely to get his head to a cross from Vital Borkelmans.
The first World Cup finals game between the two countries had really opened up and Brian Roy and Bergkamp both hung their heads after screwing shots wide when well placed.
But he is unsure just how long Ireland can stay the course after Friday's 2-1 defeat by Mexico in the steaming Citrus Bowl here.
Moroccans stunned by Saudis  NEW YORK, June 25 (AFP)  Saudi Arabia, completely dominated by Morocco in their group F clash, led 2-1 at half-time after an extraordinary blunder by the Moroccan keeper in the closing seconds of the opening period.
The allegations caught fire in Colombia just days after the elections with the release of a tape recording of a telephone conversation of a leader of the Cali cocaine cartel discussing funneling millions of dollars to the Samper campaign.
The town is where the interim Hutu government reportedly fled after rebels took over its first refuge, Gitarama, south of Kigali, on June 15.
He said UN troops were forced to abandon plans to evacuate refugees, including children in an orphanage, trapped behind battle lines in the capital after the two sides failed to agree on a temporary ceasefire.
But he is unsure just how long Ireland can stay the course after Friday's 2-1 defeat by Mexico in the steaming Citrus Bowl here.
Hjertstedt leads the Swedes  SAINT-QUENTIN-EN-YVELINES, France, June 25 (AFP)  Gabriel Hjertstedt is poised to restore Swedish golfing pride in Paris this weekend after shooting a third round 68 in the French Open at this western suburb.
Olazabal, aiming to win his third European title this year after taking the PGA Championship last month, went on a soccer-style lap of honour, kicking at lumps of grass and punching the air after sinking a long-range birdie putt at the 13th.
The 23-year-old Juventus midfielder signed a four year contract after meeting Parma president Calisto Tanzi at Italy's World Cup camp here.
Germany banned the PKK, which leads the rebellion in Turkey, and several other alleged front organisations in November after a wave of violent incidents in Germany instigated by Kurds.
URGENT  ORLANDO, Florida, June 25 (AFP)  Belgium qualified for the second round after beating Holland 1-0 in their World Cup Group F match here on Saturday.
The US trade embargo against Cuba has been in force since 1960, a year after Fidel Castro took power.
In a statement issued after the two-day EU summit that ended Saturday, they said the group's chairman would be nominated by the Spanish government.
Also at issue is the relative power of large and small countries in the EU, particularly after the possible admission of four new small countries in January which threatens to tilt the balance against the large members.
The new "initiative" came after a meeting of the national defence council, chaired by Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh.
Preud'homme the hero for Belgium  ORLANDO, Florida, June 25 (AFP)  Philippe Albert, recalled after suspension, struck the winner but Belgium needed a brilliant performance from goalkeeper Michel Preud'homme to seal their place in the second round of the World Cup with a 1-0 win over Holland here on Saturday.
He then brilliantly pushed Grun's stinging shot over the bar but Holland needed a brave interception from Ronald de Boer to deny Weber after Koeman failed completely to get his head to a cross from Vital Borkelmans.
The first World Cup finals game between the two countries had really opened up and Brian Roy and Dennis Bergkamp both hung their heads after screwing shots wide when well placed.
Preud'homme continued his show after the break when flying to his left to tip away Bergkamp's 20-metre shot after Koeman's long pass from the back.
A minute after Albert's goal Weber should have doubled the score but blasted over when well placed.
The new defender was unable to stop the Moroccan setting up El Arbi Hababi, who blasted his free shot high after 30 minutes, but as the match wore on he gradually got the upper hand.
But they were shell-shocked by Amin's strike and Saudi Arabia might have wrapped up the match in spectacular style three minutes after the break.
Dahlin became the World Cup's leading scorer with three goals after two pinpoint headers clinched Friday's 3-1 win over Russia in Group B here.
The new initiative came after a meeting of the national defence council, chaired by Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh.
It added that the new initiative came after a meeting of the national defence council, chaired by Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh.
Ukranian teenager Andrei Medvedev reached a shoot-out with Becker when he defeated Australian Richard Fromberg 7-6 (7/4), 6-3, 5-7, 6-4 while Russian Alexander Volkov will be the next player to face Ivanisevic after a 7-6 (7/4), 6-3, 6-3 win over David Prinosil of Germany.
"FIFA asked for co-operation with the media from the start of the finals, advising teams to organise a daily meeting," FIFA spokesman Goran Havik said at Los Angeles after neither coach Anghel Iordanescu nor any of his players turned up.
The general secretary of the Romanian federation, Adalbert Kassai, claimed the players were tired after their four-hour trip, combined with a three-hour time zone change, from Detroit.
"FIFA asked for co-operation with the media from the start of the finals, advising teams to organise a daily meeting," FIFA spokesman Goran Havik said at Los Angeles after neither coach Anghel Iordanescu nor any of his players turned up.
The general secretary of the Romanian federation, Adalbert Kassai, claimed the players were tired after their four-hour trip, combined with a three-hour time zone change, from Detroit.
Caniggia, who has just returned to international football after a 13-month ban for cocaine use, scored his last World Cup goal against Italy in the 1990 semi-finals.
With the scores locked at 1-1, Caniggia put Argentina ahead in the 28th minute with a splendid, curling shot into the top right hand corner of the net after Diego Maradona put him through.
Argentina, two-times Cup winners, were rocked back on their heels, but their experience and composure was finally to tell when AS Roma star Caniggia lunged in on a rebound after keeper Paul Rufai was unable to hold a Gabriel Batistuta free kick.
He only returned to international football in May after a 13-month ban for cocaine use.
                    by Noel Lorthiois     BERLIN:         Russian troops take their leave of the people of                     Berlin, one week after a similar ceremony by the                     wartime western Allies, in a military parade                     which renewed unease about their exclusion from                     joint farewell celebrations.
    TOKYO:          Japan's Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata stepped down                     after 59 days in office to head off an imminent                     no-confidence vote, with one eye on a possible                     comeback with new bedfellows to beef up his                     minority coalition.
Hata resigned Saturday after 59 days in office to head off an imminent no-confidence vote and a new premier is expected to be named as soon as next week.
He has been in hospital since Monday after his condition deteriorated.
Owen's comments came after he and UN mediator Thorvald Stoltenberg met Croatian President Franjo Tudjman.
South rejects truce offer after day of fierce fighting  SANAA, June 25 (AFP)  Southern Yemeni authorities rejected a new Northern ceasefire offer due to come into effect at midnight (2100 GMT Saturday), after a heavy day of fighting around Aden which left at least 11 people dead.
The latest unsuccessful ceasefire initiative came after a meeting of the national defence council, chaired by Saleh, the official northern agency SABA said.
The US recalled its troops, sent to Somalia in December 1992 to stop armed gangs looting food aid for the starving, after Aidid's militiamen killed 18 Americans during an abortive October 3 attempt to capture him.
With the scores locked at 1-1, Caniggia put Argentina ahead in the 28th minute with a splendid, curling shot into the top right hand corner of the net after Diego Maradona put him through.
Yekini almost hit the equaliser in the 73rd minute after a brilliant break by Sunday Oliseh, the 19-year-old FC Liege forward, but the big striker was off target.
It was Argentina who looked the more dangerous when Diego Simeone latched on to a free-kick lobbed over the defensive wall by Maradona after 55 minutes.
(BOSTON) A minute later in a pulsating game, Mutiu Adepoju, the 23-year-old midfielder for Racing Santander in Spain, almost scored with his first touch after replacing Siasia in the 56th minute.
Argentina, two-times Cup winners, were rocked back on their heels when they went behind in the first half, but their experience and composure was finally to tell when Caniggia lunged in on a rebound after keeper Paul Rufai was unable to hold a Gabriel Batistuta free kick.
He only returned to international football in May after a 13-month ban for cocaine use.
    LOS ANGELES, California, June 25 (AFP) - World Cup first-round standings  after Saturday's matches:     Group A                     P   W   D   L   F   A  Pts     Switzerland     2   1   1   0   5   2   4     USA             2   1   1   0   3   2   4     Romania         2   1   0   1   4   5   3     Colombia        2   0   0   2   2   5   0     To play: 26-6 USA-Romania, Switzerland-Colombia     Group B                     P   W   D   L   F   A  Pts     Brazil          2   2   0   0   5   0   6     Sweden          2   1   1   0   5   3   4     Cameroon        2   0   1   1   2   5   1     Russia          2   0   0   2   1   5   0     To play: 28-6 Russia-Cameroon, Brazil-Sweden     more 
On his overall impressions of his US tour, only the second ever by a Japanese emperor after his father Hirohito nearly 20 yars ago, Akihito said that he "felt the friendship which many Americans have for Japan."
Akihito and Empress Michiko are to fly home later Saturday after two closing events here.
LOS ANGELES, California, June 25 (AFP)  World Cup goalscorers after Saturday games: 3: Gabriel Batistuta (Argentina), Martin Dahlin (Sweden) 2: Fuad Amin Anwar (S Arabia), Georges Bregy (Switzerland), Claudio Caniggia (Argentina), Luis Garcia (Mexico), Andoni Goikoetxea (Spain), Gheorghe Hagi (Romania), Jurgen Klinsmann (Germany), Florin Raducioiu (Romania), Romario (Brazil), Adolfo Valencia (Colombia) 1: Philippe Albert (Belgium), John Aldridge (Ireland), Sami Al Jaber (S Arabia), Daniel Amokachi (Nigeria), Emmanuel Amunike (Nigeria), Dino Baggio (Italy), Bebeto (Brazil), Tomas Brolin (Sweden) Stephane Chapuisat (Switzerland), Mohamed Chaouch (Morocco), Marc Degryse (Belgium), David Embe (Cameroon), Hong Myung-Bo (South Korea), Ray Houghton (Republic of Ireland), Wim Jonk (Holland), Adrian Knup (Switzerland), Roger Ljung (Sweden), Diego Maradona (Argentina), Francois Omam-Biyik (Cameroon), Rai (Brazil), Kjetil Rekdal (Norway), Oleg Salenko (Russia), Julio Salinas (Spain), Marcio Santos (Brazil), Seo Jung-Won (South Korea), Samson Siasia (Nigeria), Ernie Stewart (USA), Alain Sutter (Switzerland), Gaston Taument (Holland), Eric Wynalda (USA), Rashidi Yekini (Nigeria) Own goal: Andres Escobar (Colombia) bdb94 
But a classified memo by US Ambassador to the United Nations Madeleine Albright recommended reducing the US troop contribution to 3,000 very quickly after the force goes into Haiti, the Times said.
But that agreement broke down after Haiti's military leadership reneged on a commitment to step down in October and allow Aristide's reinstatement.
Canada's Barb Bunkowsky was second after a 69 Saturday.
Dottie Mochrie stood third at 137 after a 68 Saturday.
    SOMERS POINT, New Jersey, June 25 (AFP) - Results here Saturday after the  second round of the 500,000-dollar LPGA Shoprite Classic (USA unless noted):     133 - Donna Andrews 67-66     136 - Barb Bunkowsky (Canada) 67-69     137 - Dottie Mochrie 69-68     138 - Mardi Lunn (Australia) 68-70, Betsy King 67-71, Sherri Steinhauer  68-70     139 - Helen Alfredsson (Sweden) 71-68, Nancy Harvey (Canada) 67-72,  Caroline Pierce (England) 70-69, Jennifer Wyatt (Canada) 71-68, Kim Saiki 68-71     ...
Four or five of my players are quite beat up after the game, he said, mentioning Sensini, Caceres, Simeone, Maradona and Caniggia.
"I did feel some pain, but I will wait after until training to see how I feel," Rocha told reporters after his light workout.
"If it feels better I will train again tomorrow, otherwise I will wait until Wednesday, the day after the game.
In Rocha's absence, Brazil coach Carlos Alberto Parreira called up Roma's Aldair, who was added to the three-time World Cup champions' squad two weeks before the tournament after Mozer's withdrawal.
Meanwhile, Sweden will have to find a replacement for star striker Martin Dahlin for Tuesday's game after he received his second yellow card and an automatic one-match suspension in Friday night's 3-1 win over Russia.
US to set up drug-fighting training center in Honduras  TEGUCIGALPA, June 25 (AFP)  The United States will set up a training center here for fighting drug trafficking in the Americas, Honduran officials announced Saturday after talks with US Defense Secretary William Perry.
Akihito and Empress Michiko left from Hickham Air Force base after a last few words with Hawaii Governor John Waihee.
Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata hours earlier had stepped down after 59 days in office to head off an imminent no-confidence vote, and there were moves to appoint a new prime minister as soon as next week.
On his overall impressions of his US tour, only the second ever by a Japanese emperor after his father Hirohito nearly 20 years ago, Akihito said he "felt the friendship which many Americans have for Japan."
Francois Mitterrand said after the two-day summit ended Saturday that the row over Delors' successor was about "two conceptions of Europe."
Although a right-wing coalition routed the socialists in legislative elections in March, 1993, the right is spoiling its chances with one rival after another making his pitch, raising the possibility that a leftist could win by default.
The situation would be more serious for the right if it were not for the disarray of the left, whose leader, Michel Rocard, resigned last Sunday after a disastrous showing in the European elections.
(new series) Preud'homme is World Cup's best says Van Himst  ORLANDO, Florida, June 25 (AFP)  Belgian coach Paul van Himst hailed Michel Preud'homme as the World Cup's best goalkeeper after his prodigious performance took them into the second round following a 1-0 win over old rivals Holland here on Saturday.
"We were unlucky in front of goal and we also had a big enemy in Preud'homme," said Dutch coach Dick Advocaat after the Group F game.
Soon after Albert's goal Josip Weber, Belgium's Croatian-born striker, and Lorenzo Staelens both missed glorious chance to settle the issue.
"Four or five of my players are quite beat up after the game," he said, among them Maradona and Caniggia.
He only returned to international football in May after a 13-month ban for cocaine use.
He put Argentina ahead in the 28th minute with a splendid, curling shot into the top right-hand corner of the net after Maradona put him through.
Yekini almost hit the equaliser in the 73rd minute after a brilliant break by Oliseh, the 19-year-old FC Liege forward, but the big striker was off target.
Argentina could have wrapped up the game after 55 minutes when Maradona lobbed the defensive wall from a free-kick and Diego Simeone, who has just signed for Atletico Madrid, was smothered by goalkeeper Peter Rufai.
A minute later Mutiu Adepoju almost scored with his first touch after replacing Siasia.
Jorginho found his faith in God after seeing a remarkable change in his brother, who had earlier discovered God.
Bolivian coach Xabier Azkargorta will be without forward Marco Etcheverry, who was already banned after being sent off in the opening defdeat by Germany.
(CHICAGO) Clemente will again be short of one first-choice defender, with Miguel Nadal still serving out a two-match ban imposed after he was sent off against Korea.
Lone bookings will be discarded after the first round, but players with two bookings will be suspended from matches in the second round.
Argentina, Belgium and Brazil are the only sides so far to be absolutely sure of their places in the second round after two victories each.
In 1986, Uruguay's Omar Borras was banned for calling French referee Joel Quiniou a murderer when he sent off Jose Batista 55 seconds after the start of Uruguay's match with Scotland in Mexico in 1986.
Well there has not been much play by my team as far as I am concerned," complained Vogts only hours after Germany's arrival here Saturday.
   Sunday 26 June (since 1500 GMT)     SANAA: Southern Yemeni authorities rejected a new Northern ceasefire offer  after a heavy day of fighting around Aden which left at least 11 people dead.
But the paper expressed concern at what would happen next after Major -- at an EU summit in Corfu on Saturday -- torpedoed Dehaene's hopes of replacing the current commission president, Jacques Delors, who steps down in January.
The Independent on Sunday spoke of Major having isolated the British camp within the EU after a performance which "invited comparison with Margaret Thatcher's European style.
He was released from prison in December 1991 for lack evidence after being kept behind bars for a year, police said.
Chinese dissident Li Guiren freed  BEIJING, June 26 (AFP)  Chinese dissident Li Guiren has been released from prison after serving a sentence for his role in the 1989 pro-democracy movement, friends said Sunday.
He was freed on parole in February 1993 for medical treatment after suffering severe heart problems but continued his pro-democracy activities and was imprisoned again in February of this year.
The huge mass of civil servants usually arrives at work late, after 8:30 a.m., at the end of the World Cup broadcasts.
Even city swimming pools are emptier than usual complain hotel managers, who hope reservations will rise again in mid-July, after the final.
Fighting flares anew around Aden  ADEN, Yemen, June 26 (AFP)  Northern and southern Yemeni artillery units clashed again near here early Sunday following a six-hour lull that set in after the north announced a ceasefire, correspondents said.
That atmosphere was already looking cheerier as trade talks are back on track after a four-month long hiatus and Tokyo and Washington have managed to more or less keep in stride over the thorny problem of North Korea's nuclear program.
Another to sparkle in front of 35,000 hushed spectators was fly-half Christophe Deylaud, putting over two drop goals after being drafted into the tour party to replace axed Five Nations star Alain Penaud.
Full-back Jean-Luc Sadourny had levelled at 3-3 with another drop after an opening Kiwi penalty by Matthew Cooper.
Centre Frank Bunce, who beat the French with North Harbour earlier in the tour, touched down after sustained pressure, but the try was not converted and France had won for the first time at Lancaster Park 22-8.
And they face another thorough test after the second international against France, with the South Africans tourists already in New Zealand fresh from their 27-9 crushing of England.
Beijing has until Thursday to take effective action, after the United States in April cited China as one of the worst violators of US patents and copyrights and gave it 60 days to deal with the problem or face retaliation under the US Trade Act's Super 301 provision.
Should China fail to meet Washington's demands, the Super 301 provision calls for a six-month investigation, with a possible 90-day extension, after which sanctions can be imposed.
The partnership turned to hostility after Keating accused Hawke of reneging on an agreement to give him the job of prime minister after the 1990 election.
But a visit there is unlikely while the dispute continues on how Hong Kong should be run after the return to Chinese rule in 1997.
Rabin observes sabbath under ultra-orthodox pressure  JERUSALEM, June 26 (AFP)  Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin called off an interview with state radio on Saturday, the Jewish sabbath, after an ultra-orthodox political party threatened to bring down the goverment.
The party quit Rabin's coalition after Deri's resignation last October and has been courted by the prime minister ever since.
From sundown Friday until after sundown Saturday observant Jews are not allowed to work, use electricity, cars or telephones.
They were also installed in the Hisswa power station which was put out of action three days ago when a fire broke out there after a raid by northern warplanes.
Civil war broke out in Yemen on May 5 after rival leaders failed to resolve differences over running the country.
Another key man to sparkle in front of 35,000 hushed spectators was fly-half Christophe Deylaud, putting over two drop goals after being drafted into the tour party to replace axed Five Nations star Alain Penaud.
Full-back Jean-Luc Sadourny had levelled at 3-3 with another drop after an opening Kiwi penalty by Matthew Cooper.
And they face another thorough test after the second international against France, with the South Africans tourists already in New Zealand fresh from their 27-9 crushing of England.
Welsh World Cup woe after Samoan slaugher  APIA, June 26 (AFP)  Wales' World Cup ambitions have been thrown into disarray after their nightmare 34-9 weekend defeat by Western Samoa.
Welsh coach Alan Davies, busy rebuilding his side's credibility and confidence after a series of lean years, now faces a major new challenge to keep the revival going.
Worse still, the Samoans, who produced their trademark ferocious tackling during Saturday's match, could have turned the hefty defeat into a slaughter, after wasting four golden try chances against the Five Nations champions.
But it is now in open rebellion after the arrest of Moshood Abiola, widely believed to have won Nigeria's annulled free elections last year.
Abiola was held by police Thursday after declaring himself "president and commander-in-chief of the armed forces of Nigeria" on June 11, anniversary of the election.
The impressive fountain in front of the buildings started working again Saturday after being turned off in November, city residents said, and some former parliamentary staff were redeployed as reception, protocol, and accreditation officers.
The pipeline was shut as part of the embargo imposed on Iraq after it invaded Kuwait in August 1990.
The findings were published after the committee interviewed 106 witnesses, including Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin, over six weeks from March 8.
The UN embargo was imposed after Tripoli was accused of involvement in the bombing of a Pan Am plane which exploded over Lockerbie in Scotland in December 1988, killing 270 people.
Power struggle throws Japanese politics into turmoil by Pierre-Antoine Donnet  TOKYO, June 26 (AFP)  The resignation of Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata has prompted a bitter power struggle in Japan, with no clear winner in sight after a weekend of manouevres across the fragmented political chessboard.
Hata presided over a minority cabinet after the socialists quit the coalition on April 26.
Oil reserves at the Little Aden oil refinery, 18 kilometres (12 miles) west of the southern stronghold, were moved to Aden after northern warplanes attacked the refinery, causing a major fire, Raji told AFP.
Northern troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh were trying to advance on the refinery Sunday after cutting the coast road west of Aden.
Civil war broke out in Yemen on May 5 after rival leaders failed to resolve differences over running the country.
An UN-embargo was imposed on Libya in April 1992 after Tripoli was accused of involvement in the bombing of a Pan-Am plane which exploded over Lockerbie in Scotland in December 1988 killing 270 people.
Murtaza starts political campaign in Bhutto's province  KARACHI, June 26 (AFP)  Braving scorching heat and police tear gas, thousands of people lined railway tracks to greet Murtaza Bhutto during his maiden tour of Sindh after 16 years in self-exile.
Murtaza, 39, who was released on bail June 5 after seven months in jail, undertook a day-long journey to Karachi from the family's ancestral hometown of Larkana.
The British prime minister motivated his veto after two days of intense discussions in Corfu by saying Dehaene was the wrong man for the job.
Rival troops clash in Aden's suburbs after north advances by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, Yemen, June 26 (AFP)  Fierce fighting erupted in the western suburbs of Aden Sunday after northern Yemeni troops advanced into the area seizing a power station and Aden Radio buildings, as a fifth ceasefire collapsed.
They were also installed in the Hisswa power station, which was put out of action three days ago when a fire broke out there after a raid by northern warplanes.
Oil reserves at the Little Aden refinery were moved to Aden after northern warplanes attacked it, causing a major fire, Rajeh told AFP.
Civil war broke out in Yemen on May 5 after Baid and President Ali Abdallah Saleh failed to resolve differences over running the country.
Violence erupted after news reached the town, one of the few Iranian cities with a Sunni majority, that a Sunni mosque had been destroyed in Mashhad.
The 23-year-old Gough, fit again after a month-long lay off with a side strain, gets his call after proving his fitness with six first- innings wickets in Yorkshire's current match with Hampshire.
The 24-year-old Salisbury played the last of his six Tests at Trinidad during the winter tour of the West Indies and has recently recaptured form after a patchy start to the domestic season.
The findings were released after Goldstein's widow failed in a last- minute bid to the Supreme Court to prevent publication to protect her husband's reputation.
The British prime minister motivated his veto after two days of intense discussions in Corfu by saying Dehaene was the wrong man for the job.
"If the whole world wants to bomb us after that, they can go ahead.
Most of his Arabic students fled the country soon after the war started.
High turnout as presidential election opens in Ukraine by Marielle Eudes  KIEV, June 26 (AFP)  Ukrainians went to the polls Sunday for a first round of presidential elections dominated by severe economic crisis and future relations with Russia, after two-and-a half years of independence and abortive pro-market reforms.
within a Slavic union consisting of Ukraine, Russia and Belarus) is dangerous," he commented after he voted, "It would inevitably lead to pan-Slavism and nationalism.
The cathedral blockade came shortly after police spread sponge mattresses around a Christian organization's building to prevent suicides and dragged out 270 union leaders.
But in the southern industrial complex of Ulsan, tension remained high after some 20,000 workers at Hyundai Heavy Industries Co., one of the world's largest shipyards, declared a five-hour sympathy strike for Monday.
Violence erupted after news reached the town, one of the few Iranian cities with a Sunni majority, that a Sunni mosque had been destroyed in Mashhad.
"We answered all the questions of the World Bank people, who wanted to make sure that money from the donors will be enough for our needs," he said, after Palestinian criticism of delays in funding since autonomy was launched May 4.
The 32-year-old former doctor has approached the New York-based Women Writers' Committee of the writers' group PEN to lobby for her after she went into hiding following the death warrant and a government arrest order.
Fay said he was smacked in the face and punched in the head by the Singapore police after his arrest for allegedly spray-painting cars, throwing eggs and keeping stolen street signs in his room.
(AFP)     ADEN, Yemen: Fierce fighting erupted in the western suburbs of Aden after  northern Yemeni troops advanced into the area seizing a power station and Aden  Radio buildings as a fifth ceasefire rapidly collapsed.
Ashraf began the damage as early as the third minute after being set up by Tahir Zaman, who added the second himself following a Shahbaz Ahmed pass.
Asif Bajwa was next on the scoresheet after 25 minutes to make it 3-0.
The blast came after a brawl when an unidentified person lobbed the grenade into the crowded disco.
Kravchuk, speaking after casting his ballot at a polling station in the capital, vowed that if reelected he would insist that parliament ratify the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty  and would develop relations with Russia while maintaining his country's independence.
The report came after officials in Ankara announced that 48 people had died in ethnic unrest in Turkey's east Kurdistan region since Friday.
Britain's Simon Lessing, one of the pre-race favourites, was forced to abandon after puncturing a tyre during the cycling event.
Paolo Murialdi, a member of the RAI board, announced his resignation in Sunday's edition of the paper Corriere della Sera one day after the resignation of fellow board member Elvira Sellerio.
                    Rwanda,lead                     500 words around 1630 GMT                     by Michel Carriou     KIEV:           Ukrainians went to the polls for a first round                     of presidential elections dominated by severe                     economic crisis and future relations with                     Russia, after two-and-a half years of                     independence and abortive pro-market reforms.
Tension over the issue erupted in April after a Greek guerrilla attack on an Albanian army base, which led to the expulsion of four Greek diplomats from Tirana.
Omani Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Yussef Ben Alawi Abdallah paid a brief visit to Jeddah and held talks with Prince Saud, Arab diplomats said, only a day after a senior northern Yemeni envoy had visited Oman.
Sinn Fein asked London for "clarifications," after the Declaration was published last December.
In a statement issued Sunday after a two-day meeting here, delegates from the country's 10 major political movements said: "It is unfortunate that while Liberians are talking about disarmament and a gun-free society, Taylor is suggesting the rearming of the very fighters who are to be disarmed."
A month after the March authorisation of the disarmament process, fewer than 2,000 of an estimated 30,000 fighters had handed in their weapons.
There had been speculation that Sacchi and Baggio were no longer on speaking terms after the Italian coach pulled off his most gifted player 20 minutes into their Group E match against Norway.
Baggio's substitution came after Gianluca Pagliuca was sent off for handling the ball outside the penalty area to stop Oyvind Leonhardsen from opening the score for Norway.
It won't be until after the World Cup, when we will see whether the rules have been applied consistently, that we will know whether or not it was unjust."
Sweeper and captain Baresi is out of the World Cup after knee surgery.
Luigi Apolloni, the Parma defender who replaced Baresi after he limped off against Norway, will again deputise.
(NEW YORK) Sacchi is likely to keep Apolloni's club-mate, Antonio Benarrivo, at right-back and recall Mauro Tassotti, dropped after the Ireland game, to fill the left-back position.
(AFP) Not in the bag for Baggio Italian football officials may investigate Dino Baggio's transfer from Juventus to Parma, which was annaounced after he scored the winning goal in Thursday's match against Norway.
(AFP) Morocco in the dock Moroccan fans have called for the country's football chiefs to be tried after Saturday's 2-1 defeat to Saudi Arabia.
The breakaway southern authorities rejected the truce call minutes after it was announced by Sanaa, condemning it as a ploy by northern President Ali Abdallah Saleh to plan fresh offensives.
The meeting came only a day after a senior northern Yemeni envoy, Abdelaziz Abdelghani, visited Oman to deliver a message from Saleh.
French ecologist to form new movement  PARIS, June 26 (AFP)  French ecologist Antoine Waechter said Sunday he was quitting as spokesman for the Green party to form his own movement after the Greens' dismal showing in European parliamentary elections.
CDU holds Saxony-Anhalt parliament despite opposition gains  MAGDEBURG, Germany, June 26 (AFP)  The Christian Democrats (CDU) have held on to power in Saxony-Anhalt in an election for the regional legislature Sunday, according to projections based on partial results after polling ended.
Seyman said Lebanon has also become a big cocaine producer, after importing semi-processed cocaine paste from Latin America.
Japan's Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata and his cabinet stepped down Saturday after 59 days in office to head off an imminent no-confidence vote in the lower house of the Japanese parliament.
Rubin said the United States had been making progress in the talks, which were restarted this month after breaking down in February over how to measure progress in opening Japan's markets to US goods.
However, Van Himst denied Belgium, already qualified for the second round after wins over Morocco and Holland, would be going to Washington for a draw.
"We won't underestimate Saudi Arabia after what they did against Holland and Morocco because we want to finish top of the group and stay in Orlando as Group winners."
Stoichkov sent their new goalkeeper, Ilias Atmatzidis, the wrong way from the spot after Alexandros Alexoudis had handled in the area as he fell to the ground in challenging for Krassimir Balakov's free kick.
Greece did at last test Borislav Mikhailov, Bulgaria's goalkeeper, after 26 minutes but he comfortably held Savvas Kofidis's shot from 25 metres.
Bulgaria, who collected three yellow cards to Greece's two in the opening half, made only one change for the game with midfielder Nasko Sirakov starting after playing the last 32 minutes of their opening 3-0 defeat by Nigeria.
But three minutes later -- in the 40th minute -- Lewis restored Australia's lead with another well-taken goal after catching the German defence on the hop.
The operation, which came after a tip-off, followed a military crackdown in Anantnag where unidentified gunmen last Monday shot dead 50-year-old Qazi Nissar, the head priest of southern Kashmir.
Roe defies Hjertstedt to win French Open  SAINT-QUENTIN-EN-YVELINES, France, June 26 (AFP)  England's Mark Roe triumphed in the French Open here on Sunday, after a final round 66 edged him a stroke clear of overnight leader Gabriel Hjertstedt.
Spain's Jose Maria Olazabal came third, but had the consolation of extending his lead in the Order of Merit after bringing his winnings to 275,000 pounds.
He pulled his drive into deep rough and ran up a bogey six after putting his third into a bunker.
Then, after following with three pars, and needing a birdie four for his maiden victory, he hit another hooked tee shot.
AMSTERDAM, June 26 (AFP)  Standings after the second day of the Seven Nations Trophy hockey tournament here on Sunday: Table (played, won, drawn, lost, goals for, against, points) Netherlands   2    1    1   O   8   3    3 Pakistan      1    1    0   0   6   2    2 Argentina     1    1    0   0   3   0    2 Australia     1    1    0   0   3   2    2 Germany       2    0    1   1   4   5    1 South Africa  1    0    0   1   1   6    0 Malaysia      2    0    0   2   2   9    0 
The solemn-faced company roared back, "Hurrah! Hurrah! Hurrah!" They were politely applauded by around 100 elderly townspeople, most of whom had stayed on after Gali fell to Abkhazian separatist fighters last September.
The atmosphere in Gali, a virtual ghost town following last year's fighting, lightened noticeably after the arrival of the Russian troops.
At the main bridge over the Inguri still undergoing repairs after being blown up last year, a tearful Georgian woman was waiting anxiously for permission at the Abkhazian command post.
Bolivian coach Xabier Azkargorta, without forward Marco Etcheverry who was banned after being sent off in the opening defeat by Germany, lost two more players in the goalless draw with South Korea.
Floods turn Cape Town into disaster zone  CAPE TOWN, June 26 (AFP)  The Cape Town City Council late Sunday declared the city a civil emergency area after a cloudburst turned streets into a sea of water and left hundreds homeless in freezing temperatures, public SABC radio said.
"The government has decided to apply all the (report's) recommendations," Environment Minister Yossi Sarid said after a special cabinet meeting where ministers unanimously backed the report.
He was speaking after Israel's official inquiry into the February 25 massacre whitewashed the army, the settlers and the government.
Four hundred people were evacuated after landslides triggered by the flooding devastated 100 homes and 50 cars, knocked down power lines and caused heavy damage to roads.
On the face of it, nothing much had changed after 29 years.
It crashed three minutes after takeoff, "probably" after hitting a tree, police said.
Crowe's departure sparked a dramatic collapse after tea in which six wickets went down in 14.1 overs for only 47 runs.
"We do not deal with North Korea yet on a basis of trust," Assistant Secretary of State Robert Gallucci told C-SPAN after Dole's comments were broadcast.
The breakthrough came after former US President Jimmy Carter traveled to North Korea for talks with President Kim Il Sung.
The Greeks were the first European side to qualify for USA 94 but, after their finals debut, will be the first to return home after a dreadful campaign.
Stoichkov opened the scoring in the fifth minute when he sent goalkeeper Ilias Atmatzidis the wrong way from the spot after Alexandros Alexoudis had handled the ball when he fell in challenging for Krassimir Balakov's free kick.
Atmatzidis, one of six changes in the Greek side following their opening 4-0 defeat by Argentina, was responsible for the second penalty in the 56th minute after hauling down Nasko Sirakov with a rugby-style tackle.
Substitute Borimirov put the icing on the cake in injury time when he tapped the ball into an empty net after Atmatzidis could not hold Stoichkov's curling 20-metre direct free kick.
English Sunday League cricket table  LONDON, June 26 (AFP)  Standings in the English Sunday League table after Sunday's games (played, won, lost, tied, no result, points): Warwickshire (10)          6  6  0  0  0  24 Yorkshire (9)              7  5  1  0  1  22 Lancashire (6)             7  5  2  0  0  20 Nottinghamshire (17)       8  4  2  0  2  20 Worcestershire (16)        6  4  1  0  1  18 Durham (7)                 7  3  1  1  2  18 Surrey (3)                 7  3  2  0  2  16 Glamorgan (1)              6  3  2  0  1  14 Kent (2)                   7  3  4  0  0  12 Leicestershire (14)        6  3  3  0  0  12 Somerset (18)              6  3  3  0  0  12 Hampshire (15)             7  3  4  0  0  12 Sussex (4)                 8  2  5  0  1  10 Derbyshire (11)            6  2  3  0  1  10 Middlesex (8)              7  2  5  0  0   8 Essex (12)                 6  1  4  0  1   6 Northamptonshire (5)       7  0  5  1  1   4 Gloucestershire (13)       6  0  5  0  1   2 (Last year's standings in brackets) 
reopens (NEW YORK) Baresi, who was walking freely on Sunday little over 36 hours after key hole surgery to remove fragments of cartilage from his knee, said the captaincy could prompt Baggio finally to give a full demonstration of his exceptional talents.
The ratification came two days after the two parties capped three weeks of negotiations by deciding to join forces in the new administration, in which the MSZP will take nine and the SZDSZ three portfolios.
Any doubts about Mykland's fitness could allow Kjetil Rekdal, Norway's matchwinner after coming off the bench against Mexico, to start a match for the first time in USA '94.
Swindon striker Jan Age Fjortoft also admitted losing to the Italians after Gianluca Pagliuca had been ordered off was a harsh blow.
Warwickshire stayed top with six wins out of six after thrashing Northamptonshire by 114 runs at Northampton.
It applies to children born after their fathers were naturalized.
The poll had been seen as an important new test of German parties' political fortunes, after the unexpectedly poor showing of the Social Democrats in the European Parliament election two weeks previously.
On the other hand, the SPD's chances of putting together a national coalition with the Greens after October 16 have been growing, though the Green vote in Saxony-Anhalt Sunday remained unchanged from 1990 at just over five percent.
Four hundred people were evacuated after landslides triggered by the flooding devastated 100 homes and 50 cars, knocked down power lines and caused heavy damage to roads.
Mubarak flew to Surt from Tubruq in the east of the country, after crossing the Egyptian border by car, because direct international flights to Libya have been suspended since a UN embargo was imposed in April 1992.
The United Nations imposed the embargo against Tripoli after it refused to hand over two Libyans indicted in the bombing of a Pan Am airliner which exploded over Lockerbie, Scotland in December 1988, killing 270 people.
Romania lead 1-0 at half-time  LOS ANGELES, California, June 26 (AFP)  Dan Petrescu gave Romania a 16th minute lead with a shot from a tight angle after the United States had hit the post in their World Cup Group A match here Sunday.
John Harkes had gone close to scoring after seven minutes when he hit the post after Romania's defence failed to clear a corner.
Florin Prunea, recalled in goal after Romania's 4-1 defeat to Switzerland, had looked suspect in all three incidents.
The goalkeeper then had to dive at the feet of Ilie Dumitrescu after Raducioiu broke clear on the right for a teasing centre.
He faces Frenchman Guy Forget, a former world number seven, making a comeback after a long injury lay- off.
His header from a Carlos Valderrama free kick was just reward for their territorial superiority but the Swiss goalkeeper, Marco Pascolo, must take the blame after allowing the ball to slip through his hands and fall into the net.
    HARTFORD, Connecticut, June 26 (AFP) - Results here Sunday after the final  round of the 1.2 million-dollar PGA Greater Hartford Open (USA unless noted):     268 - David Frost (S Africa) 65-68-66-69     269 - Greg Norman (Australia) 69-65-66-69     271 - Dave Barr (Canada) 68-70-68-65, Steve Stricker 70-67-67-67, Corey  Pavin 65-73-66-67     272 - Dave Stockton Jnr 66-66-67-73     ...
Dan Petrescu gave Romania a 16th minute lead with a shot from a tight angle after the United States had hit the post.
Romania had tried to score a second as quickly as possible after the break and both Petrescu and Raducioiu fired over.
John Harkes, who will also miss the second round after picking up a second yellow card, put over two good crosses and Mike Sorber shot over from one of them as the Americans tried to equalise.
Florin Prunea, recalled in goal after Romania's 4-1 defeat to Switzerland, was always ready to come off his line.
Cobi Jones came on for Ramos after an hour and immediately won a free kick from Romanian midfielder Gheorghe Hagi.
(LOS ANGELES) Harkes had gone close to scoring after seven minutes when he hit the post after Romania's defence failed to clear a corner.
The goalkeeper then had to dive at the feet of Dumitrescu after Raducioiu broke clear on the right for a teasing centre.
Gaviria's header from a Carlos Valderrama free kick was just reward for their first-half territorial superiority but the Swiss goalkeeper, Marco Pascolo, must take the blame after allowing the ball to slip through his hands and fall into the net.
Ten minutes after half time, Asprilla dived in the Swiss area under a challenge from Yvan Quentin, but the penalty appeal was turned down.
    SOMERS POINT, New Jersey, June 26 (AFP) - Results after the final round of  the 500,000-dollar LPGA Shoprite Classic here Sunday (USA unless noted):     207 - Donna Andrews 67-66-74     209 - Michelle Estill 67-77-65     210 - Caroline Pierce (England) 70-69-71, Barb Bunkowsky (Canada)  67-69-74, Kim Saiki 68-71-71, Dottie Mochrie 69-68-73     211 - Helen Alfredsson (Sweden) 71-68-72, Pat Bradley 67-74-70, Janet  Anderson 71-70-70     212 - Sally Little (S Africa) 68-73-71, 68-73-71, Meg Mallon 74-68-70,  Judy Dickinson 68-72-72     ...
LOS ANGELES, California, June 26 (AFP)  World Cup goalscorers after Sunday's games: 3: Gabriel Batistuta (Argentina), Martin Dahlin (Sweden) 2: Fuad Amin Anwar (S Arabia), Georges Bregy (Switzerland), Claudio Caniggia (Argentina), Luis Garcia (Mexico), Andoni Goikoetxea (Spain), Gheorghe Hagi (Romania), Jurgen Klinsmann (Germany), Florin Raducioiu (Romania), Romario (Brazil), Hristo Stoichkov (Bulgaria), Adolfo Valencia (Colombia) 1: Philippe Albert (Belgium), John Aldridge (Ireland), Sami Al Jaber (S Arabia), Daniel Amokachi (Nigeria), Emmanuel Amunike (Nigeria), Dino Baggio (Italy), Bebeto (Brazil), Daniel Borimirov (Bulgaria), Tomas Brolin (Sweden) Stephane Chapuisat (Switzerland), Mohamed Chaouch (Morocco), Marc Degryse (Belgium), David Embe (Cameroon), Herman Gaviria (Colombia), Hong Myung-Bo (South Korea), Ray Houghton (Republic of Ireland), Wim Jonk (Holland), Adrian Knup (Switzerland), Yordan Lechkov (Bulgaria), Roger Ljung (Sweden), Harold Lozano (Colombia), Diego Maradona (Argentina), Francois Omam-Biyik (Cameroon), Dan Petrescu (Romania), Rai (Brazil), Kjetil Rekdal (Norway), Oleg Salenko (Russia), Julio Salinas (Spain), Marcio Santos (Brazil), Seo Jung-Won (South Korea), Samson Siasia (Nigeria), Ernie Stewart (USA), Alain Sutter (Switzerland), Gaston Taument (Holland), Eric Wynalda (USA), Rashidi Yekini (Nigeria) Own goal: Andres Escobar (Colombia) 
While he father won the PGA Senior Championship, the younger Stockton shared third at 272 after a final-round 72.
    LOS ANGELES, California, June 26 (AFP) - World Cup first-round standings  after Sunday's matches:     Group A (Final)                     P   W   D   L   F   A Pts     Romania         3   2   0   1   5   5  6     Switzerland     3   1   1   1   5   4  4     United States   3   1   1   1   3   3  4     Colombia        3   1   0   2   4   5  3     Group B                     P   W   D   L   F   A  Pts     Brazil          2   2   0   0   5   0   6     Sweden          2   1   1   0   5   3   4     Cameroon        2   0   1   1   2   5   1     Russia          2   0   0   2   1   5   0     To play: 28-6 Russia-Cameroon, Brazil-Sweden     more 
Meanwhile, long queues of motorists fearing fuel shortages formed outside southern petrol stations Sunday evening after northern troops cut off the road leading to the Little Aden refinery a day earlier.
Fittipaldi had his best chance just after his final pit stop on lap 68, when he exited the pit just in front of Unser as the raced for the first turn.
Portuguese businessman kidnapped in Brazil for third time  RIO DE JANEIRO, June 26 (AFP)  Portuguese businessman Manoel Alves Lavouras, 62, has been kidnapped -- again, less than three weeks after he was released from captors, his family said Sunday.
In 1991, kidnappers released Alves Lavouras shortly after abducting him, saying they were worried he might die in their hands.
Last May 11, the businessman was kidnapped here after attending a funeral Mass for his brother, Jose Alves Lavouras, who himself had been abducted and killed, even though his family paid the 500,000-dollar ransom.
Manoel Alves Lavouras, however, was released after his family paid another 500,000 dollars.
Harkes, who had hit the post after only seven minutes, also picked up a second yellow card.
Florin Prunea, recalled in goal after Romania's 4-1 defeat to Switzerland, was always ready to come off his line but he could thank his sweeper Miodrag Belodedici and Hagi for rescuing him when he missed the ball on three occasions.
"We were under a lot of pressure after that very harsh defeat to Switzerland," he said.
But the mood here in the federal capital was tense after opposition forces on Saturday denounced the conference as a "manipulation" by the ruling "military clique."
At the moment Bulgaria, after their four-goal thrashing of Greece, look likely opponents here next Sunday.
Sunday's three games produced 15 bookings to take the total after 26 matches to 104 yellow cards and seven sending-offs.
All Black coach says he will not quit  AUCKLAND, June 27 (AFP)  All Black coach Laurie Mains said Monday he would not quit and there would be no wholesale changes to the second test lineup after Sunday's stunning 22-8 victory by France.
Valderrama bows out in elbowing storm by Mark Oakley  SAN FRANCISCO, California, June 26 (AFP)  Carlos Valderrama, Colombia's captain and star player, left the World Cup under a cloud on Sunday after deliberately elbowing a Swiss opponent in the face in an off-the-ball incident here.
Swiss striker Stephane Chapuisat, whose poor game was compounded by the missing of a late chance, admitted the team's heads dropped after the Sforza incident.
Chances were few after the break as the match drifted into a midfield stalemate.
Strikers Nestor Subiat and Marco Grassi came on for Knup and Alain Sutter, who passed a late fitness test after breaking a toe against Romania.
Cameroon need a victory to have a chance of advancing to the second round after losing 3-0 to Brazil and drawing Sweden 2-2.
Michel will have to find a replacement for Rigobert Song, banned for two games after being sent off against Brazil.
Baggio's promotion comes days after he was substituted by coach Arrigo Sacchi after only 20 minutes of the dramatic 1-0 win over Norway which put Italy's World Cup show back on the road.
Dahlin, who became the tournament's joint leading scorer with three goals after his brace against the Russians, misses the match after receiving his second yellow card and is likely to be replaced by dreadlocked Feyenoord forward Henrik Larsson.
(DETROIT) Veteran defender Ricardo Rocha is unlikely to be fit after tearing a thigh muscle in the opening 2-0 win over Russia in San Francisco a week ago.
At this stage, host nation USA, pushed into third in Group A after Sunday's 1-0 loss to Romania, are the likely opponents in the second round.
The Irish are still smarting at being tagged the bad boys of the World Cup by FIFA after a one-game touchline ban on manager Jack Charlton following his row with a linesman and a FIFA official during the defeat by Mexico.
Norway may rest the lightweight Erik Mykland and allow Kjetil Rekdal, their matchwinner after coming off the bench against Mexico, to start a match for the first time in USA '94.
Another narrow winner on Sunday were the ecologists in Alliance 90/The Greens, who will have five seats in Saxony-Anhalt assembly after winning 5.1 percent of the vote.
Coach Alfio Basile said four or five of his players were "beat up" during the game, which Argentina wrapped up 2-1 after going 1-0 down in the first eight minutes.
Captain Diego Maradona, who had his left cheek X-rayed after taking an elbow from Nigerian defender Mike Emenola, branded the Africans "animals."
Caniggia and the four other players who reported injured after the game -- Fernando Caceres, Diego Simeone, Roberto Sensini, and Maradona -- took no part in Sunday's training but Basile said they would all be fit for Argentina's next game, against Bulgaria in Dallas on Thursday.
Tokyo share prices tumble as dollar slips to all-time low  TOKYO, June 27 (AFP)  Share prices fell sharply Monday as the dollar slipped to an all-time low of 99.50 yen despite massive intervention by the Bank of Japan amid political uncertainty after the government's resignation.
The French admit that after the 1991 Gulf war against Iraq, the United States crushed all comers by selling off stocks of F-16 combat planes in a move aimed at making industrial and political capital out of its strategic advantage.
South Africa is a further potential client after returning to the international fold with the abolition of apartheid, but is at the same time itself a rival producer.
Beijing has responded to the independence movement by deploying a considerable military and police presence, especially after bloody demonstrations from 1987-89.
Hyundai Heavy Industries Co. said its shipyard in the southern industrial complex of Ulsan was crippled after 22,000 unionized workers walked off the job for a protest rally.
Hajin Heavy Industries in Pusan was partially crippled Monday after 1,800 unionssts took part in voting for a proposed strike.
Police detained 370 subway and railway workers in massive weekend raids after dragging them from hiding in church buildings and university campuses.
Shipments declined to all regions year on year except North America, with exports to the United States rising 9.9 percent for the second straight year-on-year rise after nine months of decline, it said.
At least 10 people were arrested and at least several were injured and bleeding after being struck by security personnel in a main street here, witnesses said.
The demonstrators -- students, human rights activists and journalists -- held similar protests in front of the information ministry on the three previous days after the government revoked the licences of three popular weekly newspapers last Tuesday.
India was hit by an acute shortage of spare parts for its gigantic, mostly Soviet-equipped armed forces after the breakup of the communist superpower.
The Vu Quang, which looks much like a deer, has recovered from its capture and from the dog bites it suffered, Nguyen Ngoc Chinh, a botanist looking after it, told AFP.
Rather more prosaically, scientists have christened it "Pseudoryx Nghetinhensis," after the province's former name.
The creature captured the imagination of scientists, rare animal traffickers and journalists after Hong Kong biologist John MacKinnon first discovered the existence of the Vu Quang in 1992.
He identified it after spotting an unusual skull hanging on the wall of a village on the reserve, and DNA genetic testing later revealed that the ox was a brand new species which separated from others in its species some 10 million years ago.
Britain, China to meet again Thursday on Hong Kong lands  HONG KONG, June 27 (AFP)  Britain and China adjourned technical talks on Hong Kong's future to Thursday after failing again Monday to reach agreement on the vexed issue of valuable military lands.
"Until we have an agreement, I'm not counting my chickens," chief British negotiator Hugh Davies told reporters after he emerged from 3-1/2 hours of talks with Chinese counterpart Guo Fengmin.
China is demanding, however, that Hong Kong pay for a pre-1997 expansion of the Stonecutters Island naval base, for use after the transition by the People's Liberation Army.
Kenyans cast ballots in by-elections  NAIROBI, June 27 (AFP)  Thousands of voters in seven Kenyan constituencies will cast their ballots Monday in by-elections to fill seats left vacant after defections or deaths of members of parliament.
The United Nations imposed the embargo against Tripoli after it refused to hand over two Libyans indicted in the bombing of a Pan Am airliner which exploded over Lockerbie, Scotland in December 1988, killing 270 people.
Mubarak flew to Surt from Tubruq in the east of the country, after crossing the Egyptian border by car, because direct international flights to Libya have been suspended since a UN embargo was imposed in April 1992.
Shipments declined to all regions year-on-year except North America, with exports to the United States rising 9.9 percent for the second straight year-on-year rise after nine months of decline, it said.
Under the proposed law, those who suffer relapses after treatment will be sent to reform through labour camps for a maximum three years, said the director of the commission, Li Wusan.
"So it's hard for us to keep an accurate record of our patients and conduct follow-up examinations after their discharge."
The compulsory centres have been more effective as police agencies can track down the addicts for follow-up checks after they discharged.
Camorra "godfather" arrested near Naples  ROME, June 27 (AFP)  A "godfather" of the Camorra -- the Naples mafia -- whom police consider as "particularly dangerous" has been arrested in Naples after two years on the run, police said Monday.
In Tokyo, the Nikkei Stock Average lost 2.2 percent of its value or 465.79 points to 20,300.96 after the dollar had plunged to below 100 yen for the first time ever in the local market, hitting a new low point of 99.50 yen.
Western Samoa World Cup target  APIA, June 26 (AFP)  Western Samoa are aiming for a top-five place in the World Cup after turning rugby theory on its head in their 34-9 win over Wales.
Iran launches manhunt for shrine bomber  TEHRAN, June 27 (AFP)  Iran on Monday launched a manhunt for a suspect in last week's shrine bombing after identifying him as a member of the country's main armed opposition group.
Kim replies: only after US troop withdrawal.
The American tennis star, who once played on the left-wing for his New York school, says that if soccer takes off in a big way in the United States after the World Cup, he would consider buying a club.
Some heart surgeons in Britain have also refused to undertake by-pass operations on smokers because they have a much lower survival rate than non-smokers after this kind of surgical intervention.
A 47-year old smoker died in August after being refused a by-pass operation.
Tyson, currently serving a six-year prison sentence for rape, allegedly sent McNeil a thousand roses as an apology after the incident.
Japanese police killed Iranian, wife says  TOKYO, June 27 (AFP)  The wife of an Iranian who died in police custody hours after his arrest accused Tokyo police on Monday of beating her husband and said she would take action against them.
He died of a brain hemorrhage shortly after being taken to hospital for the second time, police said.
Rise of yen and political instability cause market turmoil in Japan  TOKYO, June 27 (AFP)  Japanese markets were in turmoil on Monday as the dollar slumped to a new all-time low, despite reported intervention by the Bank of Japan, after the weekend resignation of Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata.
Northern forces mounted the attack after receiving reinforcements, but southern troops backed by warplanes and naval ships drove them back, according to a military statement carried by the Kuwaiti news agency KUNA.
People formed long lines at the city's wells after running water stopped on Sunday, with some bringing camels to help them transport as much water as possible.
A fifth ceasefire collapsed on Saturday a few hours after it was declared.
                     Markets-Asia,lead                      650 words around 1130 GMT     SARAJEVO:        UN officials seek a meeting with Bosnian Serb                      and Moslem military leaders after a British UN                      peacekeeper is killed by suspected                      Serb gunners in eastern Bosnia.
    BONN:            Christian and Social Democrats contemplate a                      coalition after neither won a decisive result                      in a regional parliament election in                      Saxony-Anhalt.
                     Germany-vote                      500 words around 1100 GMt                      by Michael Anders     CAPE TOWN:       Thousands of squatters are left homeless after                      violent storms batter Cape Town, already                      battling to cope with the environmental                      disaster of an oil spill.
Schmidbauer said the accords, named after the small town in Luxembourg where they were signed on June 19, 1990, will mean people crossing the borders between France, Germany, Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands will not be asked for identity documents.
The trade negotiations were resumed this month after a break of three and a half months caused by the failure of Clinton and Hata's predecessor, Morihiro Hosokawa, to reach an agreement in Washington in February.
Hyundai Heavy Industries Co. said its shipyard in the southern industrial complex of Ulsan was shut down after 22,000 unionized workers held a protest rally and shouted anti-government slogans.
Hajin Heavy Industries in Pusan, the nation's second largest city, was partially crippled Monday after 1,800 unionists voted for a strike.
At the nation's second largest Daewoo shipyard, workers threatened a strike after negotiations over wage increases broke down.
The nation's state-run railroad got back to near-normal service Monday after costing 50 million dollars in delayed exports, but subway lines in Seoul and in Pusan remained partially affected.
Private Richard Komakech who had too much to drink after gate-crashing the party in a Kampala suburb on Sunday, developed an interest in a young woman and wanted to engage her in a waltz but she refused, upon which the soldier insisted.
Eight Khmer Rouge defect, kill commander and bodyguards  PHNOM PENH, June 27 (AFP)  Eight Khmer Rouge guerrillas defected from the radical faction in central Cambodia after killing their commander and his bodyguards, the state news agency AKP reported Monday.
The defectors, who killed their commander and several of his bodyguards after they tried to prevent their desertion, handed over nine assorted weapons and some ammunition to government authorities, AKP said.
FPCCI president Sheikh Muneer, who gave the two-day strike call after talks with the government collapsed last week, told AFP that a complete strike was observed all over Pakistan on Sunday.
Despite the strike call, however, trading at the country's main bourse, the Karachi Stock Exchange, continued, although exchange president Yasin Lakhani said business had been suspended Sunday after only one hour of trading due to thin attendence.
Habubi said Iraq would "give priority to those companies which have held negotiations with us during the embargo," after sanctions were lifted.
German parties mull coalition after regional poll result by Michael Anders  BONN, June 27 (AFP)  The Christian and Social Democrats Monday faced the prospect of having to form a coalition administration in Saxony-Anhalt after neither won a decisive result in elections for the regional parliament.
The interest of the situation is that a similar one could arise after the October 16 elections, with the slight difference at federal level of a bigger vote for the Greens and a smaller one for the PDS.
Already a year ago, commentators were speaking of the prospect of a "grand coalition" ruling in Bonn after the general election.
Double disaster hits scenic Cape Town  CAPE TOWN, June 27 (AFP)  Thousands of squatters were left homeless Monday after violent storms battered South Africa's southernmost city, already battling to cope with a large oil spill off the coast.
Moldan's department had earlier said the oil was believed to have come from a Spanish supertanker, the Castello de Bellver, which was sunk off Saldhana Bay 11 years ago after suffering severe damage in a storm.
Baruch Marzel, 34, was caught on April 3 after a month-long manhunt in the wake of the mosque massacre in Hebron.
Police in the northeastern town of Choumen found the body of the unidentified 47-year-old man after tearing down the door of the windowless room which he had nailed up before suffocating to death.
In Tokyo, the Nikkei Stock Average lost 2.2 percent of its value to close down 465.79 points to 20,300.96 after the dollar had plunged to below 100 yen for the first time ever in the local market, to 99.50 yen.
Singapore share price followed other bourses to close broadly down on interest rate fears, the blue chip Straits Times Industrials index closed provisionally down at 2,208.71 points, down 37.11 points or 1.33 percent, after having recovered from a 48-point drop in early afternoon trading.
In Manila, the Philippine Stock Exchange index fell 39.59 points of 1.42 percent to 2,749.45 points on Monday after losing 1.17 percent on Friday.
The document bound the Philippines to privatise state assets worth 78 billion pesos (2.9 billion dollars) from 1994 to 1996, to expand further the areas open to foreign investment and fully to liberalise oil pricing and the importation of goods after 1996.
The resignations came shortly after the adoption of a so-called "strategic" three-year plan for Poland drafted by the new Vice Prime Minister and Finance Minister Grzegorz Kolodko.
He was speaking after having met the vice president of the World Bank, Wilfried Thalwitz and was quoted by the PAP news agency.
It opened an hour after the scheduled 9:00 a.m. start time.
The  mood here in the federal capital was tense after opposition forces on Saturday denounced the conference as a "manipulation" by the ruling "military clique."
The south declared the breakaway Yemen Democratic Republic on May 21, two weeks after war broke out between Baid's forces and northern troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh.
The last aircrash in the West African nation happened on January 3, 1987 when a Varig Brazil airline crashed just after take-off, killing 50 people.
People formed long lines at the city's wells after running water stopped on Sunday, with some bringing camels to help them transport as much water as possible.
Omani Foreign Minister Yussef Ben Alawi Abdallah, speaking in Abu Dhabi after talks in Saudi Arabia, called Sunday on behalf of the six Gulf states for a halt to the civil war in Yemen.
A fifth ceasefire collapsed on Saturday a few hours after it was declared.
The British prime minister motivated his veto after two days of intense discussions in Corfu by saying Dehaene was the wrong man for the job.
One of the two inspectors currently in Korea will leave Tuesday and the other will leave at the end of the week after briefing his two colleagues, Meyer said.
They also stole 31 silver coins from a series named Ilya Glazunov after the Russian painter, each with a market value of at least 12,000 rubles (six dollars).
The opposition has called for the two demands to be met shortly after a ceasefire takes effect, but the government has asked for at least four months.
Thousands have been killed and hundreds of thousands become homeless since a civil war broke out in Tajikistan a year after its independence in 1991.
Hong Kong trio to review land auctions  HONG KONG, June 27 (AFP)  Hong Kong appointed a three-member inquiry Monday to look into the way the government sells its land, after powerful developers formed an instant consortium at a land auction last month.
Speedway champion paralyzed after crash  STOCKHOLM, June 27 (AFP)  Former world speedway champion Per Jonsson faces an operation here on Monday after breaking a cervical vertebra in a crash while racing in Poland at the weekend, his doctors announced.
The United States agreed to resume talks with the hardline communist state after a year-long break after the North Korean president offered to freeze his controversial nuclear programme.
Pepsi Cola returns to Iran 15 years after revolution  TEHRAN, June 27 (AFP)  Pepsi Cola has made a comeback to the Iranian market for the first time since the 1979 Islamic revolution, two years after the return of its rival Coca Cola.
Shares fell 39 pence to 711 shortly after the announcement.
Exhausted Lara faces meeting  BIRMINGHAM, England, June 27 (AFP)  World number one batsman Brian Lara, exhausted after scoring 1,423 runs in 10 English county championship innings, is to have talks with Warwickshire over his lengthy absences from the field.
Tourists flock back to Jericho after Israel lifts entry ban by Nejla Sammakia  JERICHO, West Bank, June 27 (AFP)  Busloads of tourists drove through Israeli checkpoints Monday, ushered in by soldiers who urged respect for the Palestinian police and no bad language in this autonomous enclave.
This is my second time after autonomy began," he said, referring to the mid-May transfer of power to the Palestinian Authority.
French insurer AXA has big plans after getting green light in Japan  TOKYO, June 27 (AFP)  France's second-largest insurer AXA SA is to invest at least 200 million dollars on its new life insurance operation in Japan after getting the green light from the government, a spokesman said Monday.
Abiola has been imprisoned since last Thursday after he declared he was forming a government to coincide with the anniversary of the June 12, 1993 elections which were annulled by the military government.
Eight lawyers freed, six in hospital after hunger strike  CAIRO, June 27 (AFP)  Eight Egyptian lawyers arrested during a demonstration have been freed, while six others on hunger strike have been taken to hospital, the bar association said Monday.
The releases reduce to 16 the number of lawyers held facing public order charges after a rally on May 17 to protest the death of Islamic lawyer Abdel Hareth Madani in police custody.
But six out of the 33 lawyers who went on hunger strike last week to demand publication of an official report into Madani's death were taken to hospital Sunday after their health deteriorated.
Mansell was flying back to England on Monday after finishing a distant fifth in the latest leg of the IndyCar series in Portland, Oregon, leaving his chances of retaining his title remote.
Restaurant closed for refusing to serve veiled woman  TEHRAN, June 27 (AFP)  Iranian authorities have closed down a Japanese restaurant in northern Tehran after it refused to serve a woman dressed in the traditional Moslem black veil, a newspaper said Monday.
Fierce fighting between troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh and his southern rival Ali Salem al-Baid continued in the northwestern suburbs of Aden, after the north broke through southern defences on Saturday.
"We cannot be a party to the anti-people budget," Sharif said before leaving the House along with his colleagues, after which the 217-member assembly adopted the budget.
He said the FPCCI would take action against some members who did not take part in the strike, mentioning the Coca Cola factory in Karachi which according to him only closed after the FPCCI threat to boycott it for six months.
The two were released during the afternoon after HAMAS leaders met top police officers.
But police issued a stern warning to the fundamentalists to obey the law after they hanged two suspected Palestinian collaborators at the end of May.
No official statement was issued after the talks.
The United Nations imposed an embargo against Tripoli after it refused to hand over two Libyans indicted in the bombing of a Pan Am airliner which exploded over Lockerbie, Scotland in December 1988, killing 270 people.
India's state-run oil firm to hike production by four million tonnes  BOMBAY, June 27 (AFP)  India's state-run oil firm will hike production by four million tonnes after three new offshore wells are commissioned in fiscal 1994-95, which began in April, a spokesman said here Monday.
The black box went missing after the April 6 crash of Rwandan president Juvenal Habyarimana's Falcon 50 at Kigali airport, shot down in a suspected rocket attack.
Barril said he had recovered the black box after Habyarimana's widow, Agathe, now in exile in France, had asked him to make inquiries.
New Zealand scoreboard  DERBY, England, June 27 (AFP)  Final scoreboard after New Zealand three-day tour match against Derbyshire on Monday: Derbyshire 424-9 dec (T J G O'Gorman 143, M E Cassar 66), New Zealand 210 (M Greatbach 84, A Parore 50) New Zealand second innings B.
Shortly after the opening, the Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials was down 1.94 points at 3,635 points.
Silajdzic, speaking after a meeting with Italy's new Foreign Minister Antonio Martino, said his country was expecting "a lot" out of the G-7 meeting July 8-10 as the participants represent "countries most responsible for law and order in the world.
Tajik government, rebels fail to reach truce accord  TEHRAN, June 27 (AFP)  Tajik government and rebel representatives failed to reach an accord for a ceasefire in Tajikistan after 10 days of talks here, UN mediator Ramiro Piriz-ballon said late Monday.
The opposition had called for the two demands to be met shortly after a ceasefire takes effect, but the government had asked for at least four months.
Thousands have been killed and hundreds of thousands made homeless since civil war broke out in Tajikistan a year after its independence in 1991.
Stretching costs Becker  LONDON, June 27 (AFP)  Three-times champion Boris Becker was fined 1,000 dollars (660 pounds) for receiving medical attention after asking to leave the court for a toilet break against Javier Frana on Saturday.
Schmidbauer said the accords, named after the small town in Luxembourg where they were signed on June 19, 1990, would mean people crossing the borders between France, Germany, Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands will not be asked for identity documents.
Britain, Ireland and Denmark have chosen to remain outside the system, although Denmark has asked for observer status, Schmidbauer said after chairing a meeting of Schengen country ministers to review progress in setting up the computer system.
Wall Street prices up  NEW YORK, June 27 (AFP)  Wall Street prices rebounded after a sluggish start Monday, but were still under pressure due to the continuing problems of the dollar and high interest rates on long-term bonds.
City ban away fans  MANCHESTER, England, June 27 (AFP)  Manchester City have banned away fans from their stadium for the start of next season, after being refused Government permission to keep their terraces open.
                    Yemen,roundup                     600 words around 1615 GMT                     by Maher Chmaytelli     TEHRAN:         Tajik government and opposition officials                     fail to agree on an immediate ceasefire for the                     war in Tajikistan after 1O days of UN-sponsored                     talks here, a UN envoy says                     Tajikistan-talks,roundup                     500 words around 1545 GMT                     by Laurent Maillard     KIEV:           Ukrainian President Leonid Kravchuk will face                     his former prime minister Leonid Kuchma in the                     run-off round of Ukraine's presidential                     elections, according to first official                     estimates.
The black box went missing after the April 6 crash of Rwandan president Juvenal Habyarimana's Falcon 50 at Kigali airport, shot down in a suspected rocket attack.
Barril said he had recovered the black box after Habyarimana's widow, Agathe, now in exile in France, had asked him to make inquiries.
Although Agassi managed to pull back after going two-sets down, he never looked comfortable or confident in the clammy heat and was kept on the defensive by the recent Queen's winner.
Abiola has been imprisoned since Thursday after he declared he was forming a government to coincide with the anniversary of the 1993 elections which were annulled by the military government.
Delegates included Ummaru Dikko, a former government minister, who was kidnapped by three Israeli mercenaries in his London exile in 1984 after the military accused him of embezzling government funds worth six billion dollars.
He rejected the military's accusations and continued to live in exile until Sunday after Abacha announced that he would be one of the conference delegates.
The mood in Abuja, the federal capital, was tense after opposition forces Saturday denounced the conference as a "manipulation" by the ruling "military clique."
The dollar loses almost four yen to 103.80 yen on February 14, the first trading day after the talks collapse.
May 4: Around 14 central banks intervene to prop up the greenback after it falls to 1.6323, the lowest level since October 1993.
In his latest political shift, 60-year-old Kravchuk has seen his star rise in recent polls after indicating support for a close relationship with Moscow, as do a reported 76 percent of voters.
As anti-Soviet feeling burgeoned after the 1991 hardline coup against Mikhail Gorbachev in Moscow, Kravchuk rallied to the independence cause and was elected on a nationalist platform in December 1991.
Remer, 81, is under arrest in Spain after being found guilty in Germany for inciting racial hatred.
Tajik talks fail to produce ceasefire by Laurent Maillard  TEHRAN, June 27 (AFP)  Tajik government officials and rebel leaders failed to agree on a ceasefire after 10 days of talks here, UN mediator Ramiro Piriz-Ballon said Monday, raising fears of intensified clashes in Tajikistan.
Thousands have been killed and hundreds of thousands made homeless since civil war broke out in Tajikistan a year after its independence in 1991.
The opposition had called for their demands on political prisoners and an amnesty to be met shortly after a ceasefire takes effect, but the government had asked for at least four months.
He was ordained in 1976, after studying at university in Pakistan and at Cambridge.
The box went missing after the April 6 crash of Rwandan president Juvenal Habyarimana's Falcon 50 at Kigali airport, shot down in a suspected rocket attack.
Coach Alfio Basile said four or five of his players were "beat up" during the game which Argentina wrapped up 2-1 after going 1-0 down in the first eight minutes.
Captain Diego Maradona, who had his left cheek X-rayed after taking an elbow from Nigerian defender Mike Emenola, branded the Africans "animals".
Caniggia and the four other players who reported injured after the game -- Fernando Caceres, Diego Simeone, Roberto Sensini and Maradona -- took no part in Sunday's training but Basile said they would all be fit for Argentina's next game, against Bulgaria in Dallas on Thursday.
"This German officer, who apparently wanted to recover the paintings after the war, never come forward.
London, Paris shares rally slightly, but markets remain cautious  LONDON, June 27 (AFP)  Share prices in London and Paris rallied Monday after sharp falls last week, but markets remained cautious overall in view of the difficulties facing the dollar.
In London, BAT Industries gained 17 pence at 389 after a spokesman for the company said its plan for buying American Tobacco for one billion dollars remained on the cards.
Euro-Disney was up three pence at 138 after losing 65 pence last week.
Inter-ethnic violence within ULIMO broke out in the west of Liberia four months ago, after the Krahn faction complained that Mandingos were given most of the movement's posts in transitional institutions set up in Liberia since March 7.
Larsen blasts "spineless" Kiwis  DERBY, England, June 27  New Zealand's acting captain Gavin Larsen accused his team of being "spineless", after losing to English county Derbyshire by an innings and 18 runs on Monday.
Parma's Luigi Apolloni, who came on as a substitute after Baresi limped off against Norway, keeps his place in the centre of defence.
Major, under pressure from Euro-sceptics in his Conservative Party, insisted after the summit that he would not lift his veto.
Serb forces currently control around 70 percent of the land in Bosnia-Hercegovina after more than two years of the worst fighting in Europe since World War II.
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Vitaly Churkin has described the plan as a "last chance" after the rejection of several other partition plans, saying that if the Serbs, Croats and Moslems "do not accept our proposals they will have very serious problems."
Silajdzic, speaking after a meeting with Italy's new Foreign Minister Antonio Martino, said his country was expecting "a lot" out of the meeting as the participants represent "countries most responsible for law and order in the world."
The statement, which was issued by the four after a meeting here, appealed to all factions involved in the fighting in Kabul to declare an unconditional ceasefire.
Cuba's economic crisis has grown increasingly serious since Cuban President Fidel Castro's government lost its supply of cut-rate oil and food imports after the collapse of the socialist bloc.
Andersson said here Monday he had signed a three-year deal with Caen and would be linking up with them after the World Cup.
People formed long lines at the city's wells after running water stopped on Sunday, with some bringing camels to help them transport as much water as possible.
Omani Foreign Minister Yussef Ben Alawi Abdallah, speaking in Abu Dhabi after talks in Saudi Arabia, called Sunday on behalf of the six Gulf states for a halt to the civil war in Yemen.
A fifth ceasefire collapsed on Saturday a few hours after it was declared.
Germany discreet over Delors successor deadlock  BONN, June 27 (AFP)  The German government, which takes over the European Union presidency on Friday, gave no indication Monday of its next move in the deadlock over who should head the European Commission after Britain's rejection of the Franco-German choice.
Chancellor Helmut Kohl did not not say whether he stuck by his choice of Belgian premier Jean-Luc Dehaene to replace Jacques Delors as president of the Union's executive body after the British veto at the European summit in Greece at the weekend.
Speaking to the House of Commons after he used Britain's blocking power during a weeekend summit of European Union leaders in Corfu, Greece, Major assailed the process followed for choosing a successor to commission president Jacques Delors as "unsatisfactory."
Kravchuk faces Kuchma in run-off for Ukrainian presidency by Marielle Eudes  KIEV, June 27 (AFP)  Ukrainian President Leonid Kravchuk and his former prime minister were neck-and-neck in presidential elections and faced a run-off vote after the country split along geographical lines, first official results showed Monday.
Electoral commission officials said that most of Ukraine's 25 regions were first counting ballot papers from the local elections which were held simultaneously, and the electoral officers would only start counting the presidential vote after that.
The four ministers -- Dick Matenje, Aaron Gadama, John Sangala and David Chiwanga -- while serving under Banda, disappeared after a cabinet meeting and were later found dead in May 1983.
Meanwhile, Muluzi has appointed Mankin Chigawa, as Malawi's new army commander, replacing Dismas Maulana who died this month after a short illness.
The talks took place as a new candidate emerged to succeed Jacques Delors as commission president after London's veto of Belgian premier Jean-Luc Dehaene for the post, with Belgian businessman Etienne Davignon as a compromise front-runner.
Dollar remains weak on European markets  LONDON, June 27 (AFP)  The dollar remained weak in Europe on Monday after plummeting to record lows on Asian markets, with dealers still jittery after Friday's failure by central banks to reverse the greenback's downward trend.
In London, the dollar closed at 1.5765 marks and 99.95 yen after reaching a post-war low of 99.40 yen in Asian markets overnight and a 14 month low against the mark at 1.5750.
Talks on the release of missing soldier Ron Arad failed after Israel's abduction of the pro-Iranian Hezbollah leader Abdelkarim Obeid from southern Lebanon in July 1989, prompting the Syrians to reject any exchange.
Red Cross evacuates 1,000 orphans  GENEVA, June 27 (AFP)  One thousand Rwandan orphans were evacuated from the village of Nyanza to the Burundi border after renewed fighting in the region, a spokesman for the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said Monday.
The nuns from Canada, Rwanda, the United States and other countries were "highly afraid" after threats, he said.
The American tennis star, who once played on the left-wing for his New York school, says that if soccer takes off in a big way in the United States after the World Cup, he would consider buying a club.
"Shame on you national team," headlined Ta Nea, the country's biggest- selling newpaper after Sunday's hammering by the Bulgarians, their second successive 4-0 defeat after the opening loss to Argentina.
South Africa scoreboard  CANTERBURY, England, June 27 (AFP)  Final scoreboard after South Africa three-day tour match against Kent on Monday: Kent 292 (G R Cowdrey 114, S A Marsh 57) and second innings forfeited South Africa first innings A.C. Hudson not out            0 G.
   English cricket results     LONDON, June 27 (AFP) - Final scores after four-day English county  championship games on Monday:     Ilford: Nottinghamshire 409 (R T Robinson 182, G F Archer 67, W M Noon 62  not out) and 167-8 (P R Pollard 53 not out), Essex 153 (R C Irani 61) and 422  (J P Stephenson 144, G A Gooch 66, M A Garnham 62).
Johnson, forced to retire in 1992 after being diagnosed with the AIDS virus, will be a team vice president and work in several management areas with the club he led to five NBA titles in the 1980s.
English county cricket table  LONDON, June 27 (AFP)  Standings in English County Championship after latest matches on Monday (Played, won, lost, drawn, batting points, bowling points, total points.
The response might have been greater but the Rwanda crisis had the misfortune coming after the UN humanitarian effort in Somalia became bogged down in political and military problems.
Maturana, who now retires after eight years in charge of the team, admitted: "On Sunday there was not so much pressure on the players, and they had less responsibility.
"As there are 11 countries against one there is no reason, for the time being, to consider another candidate than Mr. Dehaene who has the support of Germany and France," German Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel said after meeting with his French counterpart Alain Juppe.
Their talks took place as a new candidate emerged to succeed Delors as commission president after London's veto of Dehaene for the post, with Belgian businessman Etienne Davignon as a compromise front-runner.
Arsenal bid for Ginola  LONDON, June 27 (AFP)  French footballer of the year David Ginola, who called Arsenal players "louts and slobs" after playing against them in the European Cup Winners Cup semi-final, now says he wants to join them.
A former Republican, Panetta rejoined the Democratic Party after former president Richard Nixon fired him from his post at the head of the federal civil rights commission for being too progressive.
The request was made to the UN commission in Geneva by a Kuwaiti delegation from the office set up to evaluate Iraqi reparations after the end of the Gulf war in February 1991.
The UN imposed a strict embargo on Iraq after it invaded neighbouring Kuwait in August 1990.
"We've got the stuff that makes world champions," the 33-year-old said here Monday after wins over Greece and Nigeria qualified the 1986 champions for the second round.
"They shouldn't have spent so much time bragging after beating us 5-0," he said.
More than 100 people have died since the beginning of May in clashes which broke out after a private feud.
A former Republican, Panetta rejoined the Democratic Party after former president Richard Nixon fired him from his post at the head of the federal civil rights commission.
The intervention from Yaounde came after the team threatened to refuse to play against Brazil if they were not paid what the federation had promised.
"The ceasefire must be respected on the whole territory of Bosnia- Hercegovina and not only partially, which would favour the (Serb) aggressor," the president said after a meeting with General Michael Rose, UNPROFOR commander in Bosnia, according to the Bosnian government press office.
A former Republican, Panetta rejoined the Democratic Party after former president Richard Nixon fired him from his post at the head of the federal civil rights commission.
In the third over after the interval Wessels gloved a pull at Igglesden but Richardson hit 12 fours in a 149-ball stay, while the left-handed Shaw dug in stubbornly.
The last crash in the West African nation came on January 3, 1987 when an airliner of the Brazilian carrier Varig crashed just after take- off, killing 50 people.
Eight lawyers freed, six in hospital after hunger strike  CAIRO, June 27 (AFP)  Fifteen lawyers ended a hunger strike here on Monday after nine of their colleagues were released from jail, a source in the bar association said.
Among them were six, including three women, who were taken to hospital on Sunday after their health deteriorated.
The group are also demanding the release of all lawyers in police custody held after a rally on May 17 protesting Madani's death.
Lara, unable to bat until five wickets had fallen after spending the equivalent of two days off the field, came on with 20 runs required.
Glamorgan remain firmly at the foot of the championship table after failing miserably in a 386-run chase against Lancashire at Colwyn Bay.
A total of 571 US troops from Europe and the United States will take part in the ceremonies, which will come less than three months after similar celebrations in Normandy.
Who represents each country will be decided after the German Open on August 28, and the eight seeded teams will be announced on the eve of the tournament.
The Bank of Boston and Citibank had closed last week after President Bill Clinton ordered a freeze on all accounts in the United States belonging to Haitians not living on US soil.
Spain, after drawing with South Korea and Germany, were halfway to a place in the last 16.
Barril said he had recovered the black box after the widow of Rwandan president Juvenal Habyarimana, who died in the April 6 crash, asked him to make inquiries.
The black box went missing after the crash of Habyarimana's Falcon 50 at Kigali airport in a suspected rocket attack.
Buchwald could have had a second after 31 minutes when he broke through the Korean defence but with only Choi to beat he blasted his shot high over the bar.
South Africa, however, dropped to last in the table, still without a point after having let in 11 goals in their two matches.
They matched the Australians for the first half, holding them to a narrow 1-0 advantage after substitute Mark Hager came on as a substitute to set up Jay Stacy just after the half-hour.
Hager himself stretched the lead in the 42nd minute following a short corner but Robert Pullen pulled one back after Ken Wark impeded centre half Wayne Graham.
In New York, the dollar hovered around the symbolic 100-yen mark and ended the day at 100.45 yen after plunging to a record low closing of 99.93 yen in Tokyo.
It also closed at 1.5838 German marks after a low of 1.5803.
Stocks rebound after last week's slump  NEW YORK, June 27 (AFP)  Stock prices rebounded Monday after last week's slump amid a wave of computer-driven trading by bargain-hunters.
Mining and oil shares lost ground after a drop in prices for the commodities.
Houston were crowned champions after beating New York last week in the final game of the league playoffs.
Denmark halts leg-lock punishment after UN, Amnesty criticism  COPENHAGEN, June 27 (AFP)  The Danish government Monday suspend the practice of "leg-locking" punishment meted out by police to unruly elements, following criticism by the United Nations and Amnesty International.
The long-driving PGA standout was disqualified from the Greater Hartford Open here Monday after officials discovered Daly signed an incorrect scorecard after Sunday's final round.
Daly failed to sign his card after a second-round 81 in the 1992 Australian Masters and a final-round 77 at the 1993 Kemper Open.
He also signed an inaccurate card after an 87 in the second round of the 1991 World Championship of Golf in Jamaica.
Germany given fright by Koreans  DALLAS, Texas, June 27 (AFP)  Germany, the defending champions, qualified for the second round after hanging on to beat South Korea 3-2 in their last World Cup Group C match here on Monday.
But they were given a fright after the interval.
Lothar Matthaus, the German sweeper and captain, was injured in the first half and left the field after 64 minutes.
Dollar stablizes as gold falls back  NEW YORK, June 27 (AFP)  The sagging dollar stablized Monday in New York after hitting a historic low against the yen in Tokyo as traders anticipated further intervention by central banks to support the US currency.
Supermen rarely lose their power so dramatically -- and last year Indurain was being hailed as just that after producing astonishing results in laboratory-controlled physical tests.
(PARIS) Bugno's photo-finish win in Belgium over Johan Museuuw in April came after a distrous 1993 but he failed to consolidate his improved form in the Giro with only ninth place and a massive 15mins 26secs off the pace.
Time trial specialist Boardman, in his debut season after winning the 1992 Olympic pursuit gold medal, was not pencilled in for the tour but so impressed GAN team manager Roger Legeay with his six wins -- including one bona fide stage win in the Tour of Switzerland -- that he has been drafted in at the 11th hour.
LeMond, desperate to bounce back after abandonning two years ago and skipping the event last year, does not believe in miracles either.
The Nearly-Man, after podium finishes in France and Italy but no ultimate victory.
Greg LeMond's GAN teammate, is hoping to win the prologue and opening time trial after six success this season.
Has no real form this year but is determined to grab his slice of glory with a stage win after his recent failures.
Last year, Rominger's outfit struggled in this discipline after losing two men early in the race.
July 19 - 224.5km 16th stage, Valreas-Alpe d'Huez: Here come the Alps! Classic, torturous finish at the 1,860m Alpe d'Huez, with its 21 bends, all named after previous tour winners.
Only seven minutes after the restart Hwang Sun-hong put Park Jung-bae through on the left to fire past Bodo Illgner.
Matthaus, their sweeper and captain, was injured when fouled after only ten minutes and left the field in the 64th minute.
"We have after all won the group and we get to be in Chicago which is our base town."
Caminero made it 2-0 in the 64th minute when he shot under Trucco after Sergi's jinking run on the left put him clear in the penalty area.
Bolivia had played the more constructive football and William Ramallo, who had recovered from injury, had hit the bar from 30 metres after only three minutes with Zubizarreta stuck to his line.
Five minutes later the goalkeeper needed treatment after being kicked on the knee when he dived at the feet of Goikoetxea.
Then came the three-goal flurry which ended with Spain, after draws against South Korea and Germany, in the last 16.
    LOS ANGELES, California, June 27 (AFP) - World Cup first-round standings  after Monday's matches:     Group A (Final)                     P   W   D   L   F   A Pts     Romania         3   2   0   1   5   5  6     Switzerland     3   1   1   1   5   4  4     United States   3   1   1   1   3   3  4     Colombia        3   1   0   2   4   5  3     Group B                     P   W   D   L   F   A  Pts     Brazil          2   2   0   0   5   0   6     Sweden          2   1   1   0   5   3   4     Cameroon        2   0   1   1   2   5   1     Russia          2   0   0   2   1   5   0     To play: 28-6 Russia-Cameroon, Brazil-Sweden     more 
LOS ANGELES, California, June 27 (AFP)  World Cup goalscorers after Monday's games: 4: Jurgen Klinsmann (Germany) 3: Gabriel Batistuta (Argentina), Martin Dahlin (Sweden) 2: Fuad Amin Anwar (S Arabia), Georges Bregy (Switzerland), Jose Luis Caminero (Spain), Claudio Caniggia (Argentina), Luis Garcia (Mexico), Andoni Goikoetxea (Spain), Gheorghe Hagi (Romania), Hong Myung-Bo (South Korea), Florin Raducioiu (Romania), Romario (Brazil), Hristo Stoichkov (Bulgaria), Adolfo Valencia (Colombia) 1: Philippe Albert (Belgium), John Aldridge (Ireland), Sami Al Jaber (S Arabia), Daniel Amokachi (Nigeria), Emmanuel Amunike (Nigeria), Dino Baggio (Italy), Bebeto (Brazil), Daniel Borimirov (Bulgaria), Tomas Brolin (Sweden), Mohamed Chaouch (Morocco), Stephane Chapuisat (Switzerland), Marc Degryse (Belgium), David Embe (Cameroon), Herman Gaviria (Colombia), Josep Guardiola (Spain), Ray Houghton (Republic of Ireland), Hwang Sun-hong (South Korea), Wim Jonk (Holland), Adrian Knup (Switzerland), Yordan Letchkov (Bulgaria), Roger Ljung (Sweden), Harold Lozano (Colombia), Diego Maradona (Argentina), Francois Omam- Biyik (Cameroon), Dan Petrescu (Romania), Rai (Brazil), Kjetil Rekdal (Norway), Karlheinz Riedle (Germany), Oleg Salenko (Russia), Julio Salinas (Spain), Erwin Sanchez (Bolivia), Marcio Santos (Brazil), Seo Jung-Won (South Korea), Samson Siasia (Nigeria), Ernie Stewart (USA), Alain Sutter (Switzerland), Gaston Taument (Holland), Eric Wynalda (USA), Rashidi Yekini (Nigeria) Own goal: Andres Escobar (Colombia) 
The Brazilians are popular favourites to lift their fourth World Cup crown after victories over Russia (2-0) and Cameroon (3-0).
But Caminero, who plays for Atletico Madrid, will sit that game out after stupidly collecting his second booking of the tournament in the 90th minute for bringing down Juan Manuel Pena in Bolivia's half of the field.
Caminero made it 2-0 in the 64th minute when he shot under Trucco after Sergi's jinking run on the left put him clear in the penalty area.
Bolivia had played the more constructive football and William Ramallo, who had recovered from injury, hit the bar from 30 metres after only three minutes with Zubizarreta stuck to his line.
"We picked the pockets of Colombia's most norotious drug trafficking organizations," said deputy Customs commissioner Michael Lane after the three men were picked up in Atlanta, Georgia, Sunday and Monday.
But two-goal hero Jose Luis Caminero will be absent from their second round match with Switzerland in Washington after picking up a second yellow card for a senseless foul in the last minute.
He dismissed suggestions that Diego Maradona, the 33-year-old captain, and his star stikers Garbriel Batistuta and Claudio Caniggia deserved a rest after powering Argentina to convincing wins over Greece and the mighty Nigerians.
Five players reported injured after the Nigerian game, which Argentina won 2-1 here on Saturday.
Star striker Caniggia, who needed two pain-killing injections during the match after injuring a foot in the 57th minute, is a certain starter.
Speculation began after the pair failed to turn up at Royal Ascot, a traditional opportunity for royal matches to be displayed.
The United Nations pulled many of its personnel from Kabul in 1992 after the fall of the communist Najibullah government and the occupation of city by rival mujahedeen factions.
Boutros-Ghali made the decision after receiving reports from Mahmoud Mestiri, head of the mission who was recently in Afghanistan where he spoke with thousands of people around the country.
The move comes after a wave of bank failures -- including the country's second largest, Banco Latino -- a precipitous drop in the bolivar and a series of street demonstrations which left one dead last week.
The men were released and the buses handed back to their owners late Sunday after police moved in.
What had looked like a simple stroll for the Germans, after they took a 3-0 lead at half time, turned into a nail-biting climax that had the Korean fans in the 64,000 crowd believing the impossible could happen.
Karlheinz Riedle had scored Germany's second in the 19th minute, slotting the ball home after Guido Buchwald's shot came back off the left post.
Only seven minutes after the restart Hwang Sun-hong put Park Jung-bae through on the left to fire past Bodo Illgner.
The bickering among the players, which threatens a serious split in the team, is likely only to worsen after one of the worst second-half performances in modern German football history.
The move comes after a wave of bank failures -- including the country's second largest, Banco Latino -- a precipitous drop in the bolivar and a series of street demonstrations which left one dead last week.
The guarantees on economic exchanges were suspended in February after Caldera's inauguration but were reinstated three months later in order to grease the wheels of the new economic plan aimed at cutting the six billion dollar deficit.
"It hurt quite a bit after that.
He also wears heavy strapping on his right knee after damaging the cruciate ligament early in the year.
Before that, Thorstvedt faces a more immediate challenge -- helping to keep Tottenham in the English premiership after the 12 points penalty inflicted on them by the league for past financial irregularities.
A worried Dick Advocaat, the Dutch coach, has had a heart-to-heart talk with his captain after the Inter Milan player failed to find his best form in their opening two games.
Morocco are virtually out of the tournament after losing 1-0 to Belgium and 2-1 to Saudi Arabia.
Bolivia came to the United States as something of an unknown quantity and after three matches nobody still knows very much about them.
Marco Etcheverry, their most famous player, was doubtful up to the last moment after being sidelined for seven months with a serious knee injury.
Erwin Sanchez, known as Platini after France's 1980s midfield star, scored Bolivia's only World Cup goal in their final Group C game against Spain.
The Belgians are certain qualifiers for the second round after 1-0 victories over both Holland and Morocco.
"We won't underestimate Saudi Arabia after what they did against Holland and Morocco because we want to finish top of the group and stay in Orlando as group winners," said coach Paul Van Himst.
The move comes after  a wave of bank failures -- including the country's second largest, Banco  Latino -- a precipitous drop in the bolivar and a series of street  demonstrations which left one dead last week.
German Foreign Minister Klaus  Kinkel said after meeting with his French counterpart Alain Juppe he hoped  upcoming talks would make enough progress to find a solution by July 15 to the  question of who will succeed Jacques Delors, a French socialist and former  finance minister.
(AFP)     KIEV: President Leonid Kravchuk and his former prime minister were  neck-and-neck in presidential elections and faced a run-off vote after the  country split along geographical lines.
reopens (SEOUL) The two sides adjourned at 1:00 pm (0400 GMT) after three hours of talks, and agreed to reconvene after a break, reports from Panmunjom said.
"At the same time, the problem of exchange rates will be a major item on the agenda as well," he told a news conference after a regular cabinet meeting.
Despite continued reports of intervention by the Bank of Japan, the dollar fell to as low as 99.93 yen in morning trading Tuesday in Tokyo after opening at 100.40 yen.
Weapons ban after religious clashes  DHAKA, June 28 (AFP)  Bangladeshi authorities on Tuesday banned the carrying of weapons or explosives after three days of clashes between fundamentalist and rival groups left scores injured, a police statement said.
Meanwhile, Jahanara Imam, leader of the main anti-fundamentalist group died Monday in the United States after a prolonged battle with mouth cancer.
Imam was among 24 people charged with treason after holding a mock "peoples' court" in 1992, which sentenced to death Golam Azam, chief of the fundamentalist Jamaat-e-Islami, and urged the government to try him for alleged war crimes.
The government will negotiate and sign the agreements with other countries immediately after becoming a member of GATT, the officials said.
Korei said Arafat would settle in Jericho, contradicting earlier reports that he would leave after a few days before coming back to live in the territories.
The two sides adjourned at 1:00 pm (0400 GMT) after three hours of talks, and agreed to reconvene after a break, reports from Panmunjom said.
Thousands of voters in seven constituencies cast their ballots on Monday in by-elections to fill seats left vacant after defections or deaths of members of parliament.
The officials said only two delegates, one from each side, had returned to the negotiating table at the border truce village of Panmunjom for closed door talks at 2:30 p.m. (0530 GMT) after a break for lunch.
Pool reporters said the closed-door session appeared to be designed to iron out differences over two points -- one, that the North agree to hold a separate meeting in Seoul after the first summit, and secondly the North's demand for a public pledge that nothing be allowed to disturb the pre-summit atmosphere.
Seoul's official spokesman confirmed here that the closed door talks had resumed and added that a full meeting of the six delegates, three from each side, could convene after the one-on-one session.
According to an AFP tally, some 150 Islamists have died in a clampdown of security forces against fundamentalist extremists since the start of the month, two and a half year after Algerian authorities called off the second round of general elections which the fundamentalist Islamic Salvation Front had been expected to win.
Shortly after 8:00 a.m. (0330 GMT) a Russian-made Sukhoi Su-22 jet- bomber swept over Kabul and dropped four bombs, one of which exploded in the main street outside the Central Post Office, killing at least 12 people and wounding several others.
A doctor working for the French-based aid organisation Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) which supports the downtown Jamhuriat Hospital said only five victims -- with light injuries -- were treated after this jet attack.
Central banks spent 10 bln dlrs in vain to support dollar: report  TOKYO, June 28 (AFP)  Central banks spent 10 billion dollars trying to support the dollar after it had fallen to below 100 yen last week but the Bank of Japan contributed only about half the amount, a newspaper reported on Tuesday.
A manhunt was launched through the Neve Yaakov district, part of the sector annexed by Israel after the 1967 Middle East war.
Blond's week-long ban, after being sent off against Nelson Bays last week, ends after Wednesday's match.
Kravchuk and his former prime minister were neck-and-neck in Sunday's presidential elections and face a run-off vote after the country split along regional lines, first official results had shown Monday.
He did not elaborate but has complained about the Israeli army after having been held up for hours at roadblocks around Jericho and warned that Arafat cannot risk such humiliation.
The comments came after the Palestinian economy minister, Ahmad Korei, said the PLO leader would not return until money was flowing.
Korei said Arafat would settle in Jericho, contradicting earlier reports that he would leave after a few days before coming back to live in the territories.
Leaders of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) and the coalition entered into their first talks since Prime Minister Tstutomu Hata resigned Saturday after 59 days in office, officials said.
The leak occurred Sunday at the dump site on the shores of Seldevaya Bay near the main port of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky after heavy rains eroded ground under the facility, causing parts of the floor to collapse, the report said.
Thousands of voters in seven constituencies cast their ballots on Monday in by-elections to fill seats left vacant after defections or deaths of members of parliament.
FORD-Kenya also won the Ndhiwa seat, left vacant after the former MP defected from the opposition to KANU in April.
He was reportedly measure for a race seat at the team's headquarters in Oxford before making the announcement at a press conference Coulthard was promoted after the death of Brazilian Ayrton Senna on May 1.
Southern Yemen declared a separate state on May 21 two weeks after war broke out between the former Marxist South Yemen and tribal North Yemen, which had formed a fragile four-year union.
Kim was speaking seven hours after the talks started and 50 minutes after two of the delegates, one from each side, had returned to their respective sides to report on almost two hours of closed door negotiations.
The first, they said, was that the North had balked at agreeing to hold a separate meeting in Seoul after the first summit, and the second that the North had demanded a public pledge that nothing be allowed to disturb the pre-summit atmosphere.
IRNA did not say what kinds of goods were found on the ships, but Kharazi said Iran considered the act a "violation of its sovereignty and the embargo imposed on Iraq" by the United Nations after the 1990 invasion of Kuwait.
Millions of commuters poured into the strike-bound Seoul streets to get to work after watching South Korea's valiant cliff-hanger defeat against the world champions Germany on television.
The angry commuters, many of them already in a fighting mood after their unfancied team's narrow 3-2 defeat in a tough battle against Germany, then went on a rampage, shattering windows of subway offices and scuffling with riot police.
Elsewhere in Asia, cup mania has claimed at least two lives since the tournament began -- a soccer-mad cafe owner in Macau, who died from exhaustion after watching the TV non-stop for two days, and a young man in Thailand, who hanged himself after losing a bet on the Dutch team.
In Hong Kong, the authorities Tuesday urged employers to boost safety precautions for workers, who are reporting bleary-eyed for duty after all-night viewing.
Opposition parties in the Thai parliament announced they would delay launching a no-confidence motion against the government until after the tournament had finished.
Israeli tourism minister visits Jericho  JERICHO, West Bank, June 28 (AFP)  Israel's tourism minister visited Jericho on Tuesday in a show of support for the Palestinian authority a day after his government lifted a ban on tourists entering the self-rule area.
We will see after that.
Mansell, a winner of 30 Grand Prix who made his debut in Austria in 1980 with Lotus, was reportedly measured for a race seat at the team's headquarters in Oxford before making the announcement at a press conference Mansell, seen as one of motorsport's leading attractions, left Renault Williams as reigning champion after a bitter row, defecting to the United States where he won the championship in his first season in 1993.
Former test driver Coulthard was promoted after the death of Brazilian Ayrton Senna on May 1.
Mansell's comeback looked on the cards after he struggled in IndyCar this season, his Newman Haas Lola losing out to the dominant Penske cars and leading driver Al Unser Jnr.
The question of Jerusalem, which both Israel and the PLO claim as capital, would only be debated after two years of autonomy, Sarid and Shaath underlined.
   (correcting ex-BRANDS HATCH)     Attn Eds: Plse read 10th par x x x That left Formula One without two major  stars, a situation made worse when Senna, the winner of 161 races, died from  head injuries after a crash in this year's San Marino Grand Prix x x x (sted  died in practice).
Kravchuk and his former prime minister were neck-and-neck in Sunday's presidential elections and face a run-off vote after the country split along regional lines, first official results had shown Monday.
Yemets said after Sunday's first round Kravchuk and Kuchma had "equal chances" to win the presidential election.
The knifeman fled in the direction of an Arab village on the edge of the Neve Yaakov district, part of the sector annexed by Israel after the 1967 Middle East war.
Springbok captain in doubt for first test  WELLINGTON, June 28 (AFP)  South Africa's inspirational rugby captain, Francois Pienaar, could be sidelined for three weeks after suffering concussion in Tuesday's bruising win over Wellington.
The Credit Lyonnais' subsidiary, SDBO, won a court ruling to block movement and use of Tapie's 74-metre (240-feet) vessel from Marseille after it decided to call in Tapie's debts alleging he had failed to honour the terms of a debt rescheduling agreement.
Wellington, with the strong wind at their backs in the first half, played an expansive, open game, earning a 3-0 lead after Pienaar high- tackled Wellington captain Simon Mannix.
Mannix, dropped from the All Blacks after their Test defeat against France, then fumbled to let in the South Africans, who scored their first try in the corner through Theo van Rensburg following a midfield scrum.
Theunisse, who earned a fourth place in the Tour of France four years ago, had hoped to earn selection after coming second in the Dutch championships at the weekend behind TVM teammate Steven Rooks.
                    SAfrica-storms                     550 words around 1130 GMT                     by Susan Thomas     ROME:           Former communists of Italy's Democratic                     Party of the Left prepare to choose a new                     leader following the resignation of Achille                     Occhetto after an electoral setback.
The Japanese foreign minister Koji Kakizawa said on Tuesday that exchange rates should be one of the "key items" on the summit's agenda, especially after concerted central bank intervention Friday failed to support the dollar.
Delgado, the darling of Spanish fans after winning the Tour of Spain in 1985 and 1989, retires at the end of the season and asked to be left out.
His comments came after Sunday's publication of the findings of an official inquiry into the February 25 slaughter by a Jewish settler.
One policeman and four crew members were hospitalised to be kept under observation after taking part in the rescue operation on the lower deck of the ferry which was filled with thick smoke.
Three dead after torrential rains hit Germany  STUTTGART, Germany, June 28 (AFP)  Three people died as a result of torrential rains that swept through Germany overnight, triggering flooding and mudslides that forced officials to close off numerous roadways, police said Tuesday.
Vietnam and China have regularly hosted important military delegations from each other's armies since relations improved in 1992 after years of hostility following Vietnam's invasion of Cambodia to oust the Chinese-backed Khmer Rouge in 1978.
Wait and see what happens after that.
He flew in to Britain after finishing fifth in Sunday's IndyCar race at Portland, Oregon.
(BRANDS HATCH) Mansell, seen as one of motorsport's leading attractions, left Williams as reigning champion after a bitter row, defecting to the United States where he immediatley won the championship in his first season in 1993.
Former test driver Coulthard was promoted after the death of Brazilian Ayrton Senna on May 1.
Mansell's comeback looked on the cards after he struggled in IndyCar this season, losing out to the dominant Penske cars and leading driver Al Unser Jnr.
The city has been totally without running water since Sunday after a few days of availability due to partial repairs to the water plant which was first hit at the start of the month.
Southern Yemen declared a separate state on May 21 two weeks after war broke out between the former Marxist South Yemen and tribal North Yemen, which had formed a fragile four-year union.
The question of Jerusalem, which both Israel and the PLO claim as capital, would only be debated after two years of autonomy, Shaath and the Israelis underlined.
Abiola, a millionaire tycoon, was arrested on Thursday after declaring himself president, a year after the military annulled presidential elections he was widely held to have won.
The United States agreed to resume contacts with North Korea following a year-long suspension after Pyongyang said it would freeze its nuclear program, which the West has argued must be opened to international inspection.
She described the oil disaster as the worst crisis SANCOB has had to deal with since cleaning 2,000 Jackass penguins, classified as a vulnerable species, after the Spanish tanker Castello de Bellver was sunk off Saldhana Bay in September 1983 after suffering severe damage in a storm.
Monday's shakeup, the second after William Perry replaced Les Aspin at the Pentagon in January, was also meant to eliminate the errors and inefficiencies that have plagued the White House in the past 18 months.
Keating said at a press conference after meeting Indonesian President Suharto that he had been asked to understand Jakarta's point of view.
He said another demonstrator, Semsar Siahaan, a painter, had suffered a broken leg after being beaten by a security official.
"His three years still has one month to go," the lawyer said, adding that his trial would likely be delayed until after his current sentence was completed.
Comrades consult faxes in soundings for new leader by Olivier Baube  ROME, June 28 (AFP)  Former communists in Italy's Democratic Party of the Left prepared to choose a new leader this week to replace Achille Occhetto, who resigned after an electoral setback, after a novel countrywide survey -- by fax.
Occhetto stepped down after the poor showing of the party -- now Italy's biggest opposition group -- in the vote for the European parliament on June 12.
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia, part of the right- wing alliance that swept to power in Rome in the March legislative elections after vast corruption probes decimated Italy's political old guard, was the big winner in the European election, taking 30.6 percent of the vote.
Ramiro Piriz-Ballon said in a press conference that officials representing the Tajik government and the rebels had made "substantial progress" after 10 days of UN-sponsored talks here in Tehran, although they failed to agree on a ceasefire.
Thousands have been killed and hundreds of thousands made homeless since the civil war broke out in Tajikistan a year after its independence in 1991.
Both sides then traded automatic weapons fire for an hour after the dawn attack in Houla before two Israeli helicopters raked the area with heavy machine gun fire and two air-to-surface missiles.
Many of the wounded were in a critical condition after the accident on the Amman-Irbid highway in northern Jordan, a security services report said.
He lost everything he had on him after accepting a glass of orange juice from his neighbour in the compartment.
"I try to sleep as little as possible, and after the first stop 300 kilometres (188 miles) outside Saint Petersburg, I block the door linking us to the other carriages with a plank of wood.
Even after lining up at one of the city's wells, the water still has to be boiled before it can be drunk.
The nuns had been under French military protection since Sunday after about 100 special operations' commandos reached Kibuye by a mountain trail.
Keating told a news conference after meeting Indonesian President Suharto that he had been asked to understand Jakarta's point of view.
Summary of the joint statement on the July inter-Korean summit (eds: full text will follow)  SEOUL, June 28 (AFP) - The following is an unofficial translation of the joint statement issued at 1130 GMT by South and North Korea after their agreement to hold a summit in the North Korean capital of Pyongyang July 25-27.
Gutierrez, the second runner-up in last year's Miss World beauty pageant, was wrongly given the best actress award after she and a co- presenter, movie star Nanette Medved, announced that Gabby Concepcion had won the best actor award when the jurors had chosen actor Edu Manzano.
Babajee, who is trying to launch a movie career in the Philippines after taking part in the 1994 Miss Universe pageant here last month, left for Hong Kong last weekend and it was unclear whether she would return.
One man had a fractured skull, five were discharged after treatment and the remainder were detained for observation.
(picture) Weapons ban after clashes between Islamic groups and secular rivals by Nadeem Qadir  DHAKA, June 28 (AFP)  Bangladesh has outlawed indefinitely carrying arms and ammunition following clashes Monday between Moslem fundamentalists and opponents which left scores injured.
"I want to see stability in the financial markets," Clarke said at a news conference after the release of the Treasury's summer economic forecasts.
Last week, 15 central banks intervened to support the dollar after it plummeted to a record post World War II low against the yen, but the currency was stable on Tuesday morning.
"Sanctions will definitely be taken against him after consultations with our administrators."
Speaking at a news conference after the figures, Clarke said Britain would continue to support the dollar and cooperate with its Group of Seven partners "during times of uncertainty in financial markets".
Last week, 15 central banks intervened to support the dollar after it plummeted to a record post World War II low against the yen, but the currency was stable on Tuesday morning.
Marseille have been compelled to sell their star players after the French Football Federation relegated them to the second division amid allegations they bribed members of the Valenciennes team to throw a league match two seasons ago.
Since Hata resigned Saturday after only 59 days in office, the SDP, also known as the Socialists, has been the key to solving the resulting political crisis, being wooed by both the coalition and opposition Liberal Democratic Party (LDP).
Department of Transport (DoT) spokesman Bill Dernier told a press conference the Chinese-owned Hong Kong-based Apollo Sea carrying 2,427 tonnes of heavy fuel and 167 tonnes of gas oil in addition to its cargo of iron ore had sunk shortly after leaving Saldhana Bay on Monday June 20.
Lim  PANMUNJOM, Korea, July 28 (AFP)  North and South Korea buried the hatchet Tuesday after 44 years of bitter conflict and agreed to hold their first-ever summit in the North Korean capital of Pyongyang next month.
Signing of the agreement for the July 25-27 summit between the two states -- which are still technically at war -- came after 10 hours of arduous talks at this border truce village.
"The two Koreas have opened a new chapter in history (by agreeing to hold the first inter-Korean summit)," said South Korean chief delegate, Deputy Premier and Unification Minister Lee Hong-Koo, after signing the documents with his Northern counterpart, Kim Yong-Sun.
The two sides also agreed to fix the date and other details of the second summit when they meet in Pyongyang, according to a four-point agreement signed after the talks.
Abiola, a millionaire tycoon, was arrested on Thursday after declaring himself president, a year after the military annulled presidential elections he was widely held to have won.
I regret nothing," said the man who had to wait 12 years for his first World Cup game after sitting on the bench in 1982.
Organizers of the rallies who include journalists, students and artists said 54 people were detained or had disappeared after baton- wielding riot police dispersed demonstrators protesting at last week's closure of two magazines, Tempo and Editor, and a tabloid, DeTik.
Milla to help children by Mark Oakley  SAN FRANCISCO, June 27 (AFP)  Cameroon's colourful striker Roger Milla already knows what is on the agenda after the World Cup -- helping children in his native country.
Milla entered the match less than two minutes before Marcio Santos made it 2-0 for Brazil, and a minute after Rigobert Song was sent off.
Milla said he had tried to make sure football and not money was on the agenda in the USA but after two matches goalkeeper Joseph-Antoine Bell pulled out because of pressure from Cameroon politicians.
Foreign Minister Assef Ahmed Ali confirmed that the UAE had asked for the extradition of Abedi, who is half paralyzed and unable to speak after he suffered a stroke three years ago.
The police arrested the kidnappers and the father after he paid the ransom of 30 million rials (12,000 dollars) to secure his child's release, IRNA said.
The signing of the agreement for the July 25-27  summit between the two states -- which are still technically at war -- came  after 10 hours of arduous talks at this border truce village.
Some 600 homes in Astara, on the west bank of the Caspian, were innundated by water after heavy rains and storms hit the area on Sunday and Monday, they said.
The summit, announced Tuesday, is to be held in the North Korean capital of Pyongyang late next month after the United States resumes talking to North Korea in Geneva on July 8.
The summit, announced Tuesday, is to be held in the North Korean capital of Pyongyang late next month after the United States resumes talking to North Korea in Geneva on July 8.
"The great thing is that after 13 years in Formula One I know most of the things.
Saudi ministers first banned the import or manufacture of satellite dishes in March after complaints by religious leaders.
Chancellor Franz Vranitzky on Tuesday defended the visit at a cabinet meeting after his vice-chancellor, Erhard Busek, publicly vowed to boycott Li's visit here -- the first leg on a tour that includes Germany and Romania -- to protest China's stand on human rights.
The change announced Monday came after other OeVP leaders said they would boycott the signing though officially it was dropped "because of scheduling problems."
He is the first Chinese head of government to visit Austria, though it is Li's second trip to Europe after one in 1992 that took him to Spain, Portugal, Italy and Switzerland.
More than 30 people were killed last month in clashes between police and MQM activists, after which the main leaders of the party, except for London-based founder Altaf Hussain, were arrested.
Tuesday's attack was the second major attack on law enforcement officers this year, after the slaying of eight policemen and paramilitary troops on March 17.
Former US president Jimmy Carter brokered the summit after meeting the two Korean presidents in mid-June while the North faced the threat of international sanctions due to its resistance against inspections of its nuclear facilities.
Dow holds steady  NEW YORK, June 28 (AFP)  Blue-chip stocks held steady in early trading Tuesday as investors paused after a strong rally the day before.
The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials edged up 0.65 point to 3,686.15 shortly after the session opened on the New York Stock Exchange.
Almost a week after Russia signed NATO's Partnership for Peace -- a military cooperation programme designed largely for former Soviet bloc nations -- Yeltsin stressed that Russia should "take part in an active way in the existing cooperation institutions" and "should not remain isolated but, on the contrary, exert a stronger influence on their work from the inside."
Text of the joint statement on the July inter-Korean summit  SEOUL, June 28 (AFP)  The following is an unofficial translation of the formal joint statement issued at 1130 GMT by South and North Korea after their agreement to hold a summit in the North Korean capital of Pyongyang July 25-27: A preliminary contact led by an official from each side at deputy prime minister level took place at Panmunjom on June 28, 1994, to prepare for North-South summit talks...
Li's remarks came after an upturn in recent weeks in Sino-British ties, signalled by the decisions to hold new senior-level meetings and Chinese promises that British exports would not be hit by the dispute over Hong Kong.
A decision on donations is to be taken in August or September after a repatriation plan has been finalised in July, von Arnim said.
The Hmongs were recruited by the United States for special operations against communist insurgents during the Vietnam War, and continued their fight as guerrillas operating from Thai soil after the communists came to power in Vientiane in 1975.
The foundation, controlled by the transport ministry, was set up after World War II by right-wing leader Ryoichi Sasaekawa, who has since used his motorboat racing fortunes to try to establish a name for himself as a philanthropist.
Sasakawa, who is still chairman of the foundation, was detained as a war criminal after the war but later released.
The GCC countries -- Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates -- joined Egypt and Syria to form the Damascus Declaration after the Gulf war in March 1991.
miles) of the Arava desert south of the Dead Sea which Israel occupied after the 1967 Middle East war.
Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev signed the NATO partnership for peace program last week after months of hesitation over the plan for closer military cooperation between the two former Cold War enemies.
Takakazu Hattori stepped down as president five days after the Securities and Exchange Surveillance Commission raided its Osaka headquarters in western Japan, for insider trading in its shares before a warning against its drug.
Trading in Nippon Shoji shares, listed on the second section of the Osaka Stock Exchange, was suspected after prices plunged six percent to 3,100 yen on October 12, the day the ministry issued the warning.
Shares higher in Paris, London on stable dollar (repeating)  LONDON, June 28 (AFP)  Shares opened sharply higher in London and Paris on Tuesday, boosted by overnight gains on Wall Street and after US long-term interest rates declined, dealers said.
By midmorning, the FT-SE 100 index was 12.4 points higher at 2,912.3 points -- a rise of 0.4 percent -- after opening 26.7 points up.
The current stabilisation of the dollar after its slump to record lows in recent days has calmed dealers, who feared a rise in US interest rates to support the currency.
Cable and Wireless rose five pence to 415 after comment from the chairman, Lord Young, that the compnay was lookng for an alliance with one of the seven Baby Bell telecoms companies in the US.
Travel company Airtours fell 12 pence to 461 after announcing six- month results in the red.
Domingo, 53, will succeed General Director Martin Feinstein who announced earlier this year he would retire at the end of the 1994-1995 season after 14 years in the position.
Consumer confidence index rebounds in June  NEW YORK, June 28 (AFP)  Americans' confidence that the US economy is growing healthier rebounded in June, after dipping last month, the private Conference Board research group said Tuesday.
    June 28 (AFP) - The 1500 GMT news advisory:     PANMUNJOM,     Korea:           North and South Korea bury the hatchet                      after 44 years of bitter conflict and                      agree to hold their first-ever summit                      in the North Korean capital of Pyongyang                      next month.
                     Rwanda-France-aid                      400 words around 1530 GMT                      by Mario Fiorito     ADEN,     Yemen:          Retreating southern forces build sand                     barriers, dig trenches and set up                     artillery at the edge of their besieged                     city after the north breaks through                     another defense line in the two-month war.
Should China fail to meet Washington's demands, the super 301 provision calls for a six-month investigation, with a possible 90-day extension, after which sanctions may be imposed.
The coffee market already suffers from an extreme shortage in supply after bad harvests in Colombia, the Ivory Coat and in Indonesia and as several farmers abandoned production saying the crop was not economic.
The incident comes one month after another hostage-taking in the Mineralnoye Vody region which ended in the rebel Caucasus republic of Chechnya on May 28.
The two sides also agreed to fix the date and other details of a second summit when they meet in Pyongyang, according to the four-point agreement signed after 10 hours of talks.
Barcelona cancelled 32-year-old Zubizarreta's contract after their 4-0 defeat by AC Milan in the European Cup final in May.
Becker's victory came just hours after he was branded a cheat.
On the bond market, the average interest rate on the main 30-year Treasury bond rose to 7.51 percent from 7.45 percent late Monday, pushed up by fears of rising inflation after the strong economic figures.
The incident comes one month after another hostage-taking in the Mineralnoye Vody region which ended in the rebel Caucasus republic of Chechnya on May 28 after a helicopter chase.
They were released after a chase that ended in the Russian republic of Daghestan.
Flo back in attack  NEW YORK, June 28 (AFP)  Jostein Flo was set to lead Norway's attack for the first time in the World Cup here on Tuesday after coach Egil Olsen axed Swindon striker Jan Age Fjortoft.
Both Olsen and Irish boss Jack Charlton, who was to watch the match from the stands after being banned from the touchline, were relieved to see morning showers fall on Giants Stadium.
Residents have been forced to fill jugs of water at wells for most of the month after the pumping station at Bir Nasser, 15 kilometers (nine miles) to the north, was first damaged in early June.
Hopes of restoring running water were all but dashed Tuesday after northern forces advanced to the edge of Bir Nasser.
(new series) Kravchuk faces second round of presidential vote by Marielle Eudes  KIEV, June 28 (AFP)  Ukrainian President Leonid Kravchuk was ahead of his challenger, former prime minister Leonid Kuchma, after presidential elections but must face a second run-off ballot, the electoral commission president said Tuesday.
South digs in at edge of Aden to stem northern advance by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, Yemen, June 28 (AFP)  Retreating southern troops put up barriers and dug trenches on the edge of their besieged city Tuesday after northern forces punched through another defense line in Yemen's two-month civil war.
Their march to within 15 kilometers of Aden's center came after the north entered western suburbs Saturday gaining control of the power plant, Aden radio station and part of the road to the oil refinery.
The city has been without running water since Sunday and supplies have been scarce most of the month after the pumping station was hit in the first week of June.
Southern Yemen declared a separate state on May 21 after war broke out May 5 between the former Marxist South Yemen and tribal North Yemen.
The incident comes one month after another hostage-taking in the Mineralnoye Vody region which ended in the rebel Caucasus republic of Chechnya on May 28 after a helicopter chase.
They were released after a chase that ended in the Russian republic of Daghestan.
Bentsen, speaking to reporters after testifying before the Senate Environment Committee, emphasized that the seven biggest industrialized countries "always discuss currencies and monetary policies."
Frederick Masinde, the opposition FORD-Kenya party candidate in the Mathare by-election, died in hospital on Monday after he was involved in a multiple car smash early on Sunday, prompting his party leadership to call for a judicial inquiry into his death.
Procter and Gamble claimed that it attacked the wash and made holes in items after 24 washes.
The commission spokesman said Tuesday that the EU executive would wait until after the German ban is promulgated before considering what action to take against it.
Rights group appeals for aid for Kurdish refugees in Iraq  ANKARA, June 28 (AFP)  Some 12,000 Kurds could risk death this winter after fleeing Turkey into northern Iraq unless they receive international aid, a Turkish human rights group warned Tuesday.
Akin Birdal, director of the Turkish Association for Human Rights, said after a visit to northern Iraq it was "impossible" for the Kurdish families, "most of whom are old people, women and children," to survive the winter in current conditions.
Tufnell, 27, was himself fined 800 pounds last week after admitting two charges of assaulting Miss McEvoy, the mother of his 21-month-old daughter.
Tufnell was taken to hospital, where he required four stitches in head wounds after the attack by McEvoy, who pleaded guilty to unlawful wounding.
Domingo, 53, will succeed General Director Martin Feinstein who announced earlier this year he would retire at the end of the 1994-1995 season after 14 years in the position.
Medvedev, who accused Becker of unsporting behaviour, was clearly upset after his loss.
I should have done better after going ahead 4-2 and 30-love.
Negotiations opened in September 1992 in Abu Dhabi, but broke down after Tehran refused to discuss the status of the two Tunbs which it has militarily occupied since 1971.
Red Cross warns of "catastrophe" in Aden  ADEN, Yemen, June 28 (AFP)  Red Cross officials warned Tuesday of a humanitarian "catastrophe" in the stricken southern Yemeni city of Aden facing a drought after its water pumping station was destroyed by northern troops.
It was the only pumping station supplying running water to the city, which has been without any water since Sunday after partial repairs broke down.
Yemen's civil war broke out on May 5 after months of tension between the two rival leaders.
Italy had Paolo Maldini fit to lead the side from left-back after twisting his ankle in the dramatic 1-0 win over Norway.
Dino Baggio fired over from well out for Italy after half an hour.
Campos was almost dispossessed by Casiraghi when he dribbled for too long in the penalty area after 34 minutes.
Against the mark, the dollar stood in late afternoon at 1.5790 marks after rising as far as 1.59 in the morning, but the latest level was slightly better than the Monday evening figure of 1.5765 marks to the dollar in London.
Good US economic figures announced during the day did not help the dollar, and actually they caused a new decline of the bond market, which has been destabilized by the fear of inflation and a rise in interest rates Sterling firmed a bit against the mark after having reached its lowest point since mid-October.
The meeting, to discuss the international embargo imposed after Iraq's invasion of Kuwait in August 1990, was "frank and cordial," it added.
The Telegraph was up 25 pence to 385 after having fallen last week due to a reduction in the price of the Daily Telegraph.
The guarantees on economic exchanges were suspended in February after Caldera's inauguration but were reinstated three months later in order to grease the wheels of the new economic plan aimed at paring the budget deficit.
Mexico march on  WASHINGTON, June 28 (AFP)  Mexico won Group E, and Italy should go through with them as one of the four best third-placed teams, after the sides drew 1-1 in their last game in the section here on Tuesday.
Daniele Massaro put Italy ahead when he scored only two minutes after coming on as a second-half substitute.
Jorge Rodriguez came to Mexico's rescue after 68 minutes when he booted the ball away for a corner after Roberto Baggio's shot had bounced back off Campos's chest.
Clinton said Monday that after having consulted with a number of experts, he decided that his foreign policy problem was in communications, and that Lake and Christopher could not be held responsible.
Nigeria's constitutional conference adjourns until July 11  ABUJA, June 28 (AFP)  Nigeria's constitutional conference on a return to civilian rule, which opened here Monday amid great fanfare, adjourned Tuesday for two weeks after delegates asked for more time to examine the agenda.
The 368 delegates from 30 regions, army generals, diplomats and other assembled dignitaries were all to leave by Wednesday after delegates decided to adjourn to "study in detail" the agenda and procedural rules until July 11.
The decision came after a short and stormy morning session in which delegates complained about lack of preparation for the meeting, several participants told AFP.
Abiola was held by police Thursday after declaring himself "president and commander-in-chief of the armed forces of Nigeria" on June 11, anniversary of the election.
All four teams in group E finished on four points but the Norwegians were placed last after managing only a single goal in their three matches.
John Sheridan, who had a penalty shot a minute later turned down after his long range volley appeared to hit the hand of a Norwegian defender, then missed Ireland's best chance.
"The unexplainable happened less than 24 hours after reports had it that he was hale and hearty", she said.
Abiola was arrested by Nigeria's military junta last Thursday after declaring himself president and commander in chief.
The summit is to be held in the North Korean capital of Pyongyang late next month after the United States resumes talking to North Korea in Geneva on July 8.
She was as fast as ever as she chased down Novotna's sizzling groundstrokes, served with all her old left-handed venom, and stayed calm after dropping the first set.
Novotna, who beat Navratilova in last year's semi-final and who is best remembered for her tears when she lost after being just six points away from the title to Steffi Graf, was all smiles despite the defeat.
"The unexplainable happened less than 24 hours after reports had it that he was hale and hearty", she said.
Abiola was arrested by Nigeria's military junta last Thursday and held incommunicado after declaring himself president and commander in chief.
Navratilova's semi-final opponent Gigi Fernandez, looking increasingly like an Egyptian mummy after playing with both thighs tightly strapped, admitted if her match against Garrison-Jackson had gone into a fourth-set the result could have been different.
The jury found him guilty after nine hours of deliberation, but acquitted him of two of the murders.
North and South Korea swallowed hard after almost a half century of bitter mistrust and agreed Tuesday to a July 25-27 meeting between North Korean President Kim Il-Sung and South Korea's dissident-turned- president, Kim Young-Sam.
The summit is to be held in the North Korean capital of Pyongyang late next month after the United States resumes talking to North Korea in Geneva on July 8.
Special unit flies out to help save Russian hostages  MOSCOW, June 28 (AFP)  A special army unit flew to Mineralnye Vody in southern Russia Tuesday after three gunmen took a busload of people hostage and forced the driver to take them to the airport, Russian radio and ITAR-TASS news agency reported.
The incident comes one month after another hostage-taking in the region which ended in the rebel Caucasus republic of Chechnya on May 28 after a helicopter chase.
They were released after a chase that ended in the Russian republic of Daghestan.
Juppe's warning came after a meeting with the north's Foreign Minister Mohammed Saleh Bassandawa in Paris.
War broke out in Yemen on May 5 after months of tension between rival leaders on the running of the country, created when the former conservative, tribal North Yemen and the Marxist South were merged in May 1990.
Meanwhile heavy fighting between the mainly Hutu government forces and the Tutsi-dominated rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) resumed late Tuesday in the capital Kigali after a day of relative calm.
Southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid declared the independent Yemen Democratic Republic on May 21, four years after the former tribal North Yemen and the Marxist South were merged.
The Dutch, who now head the group table with five points from three games ahead of Pakistan (four points from two), went ahead through left half Floris Bovelaneer from a short corner after 13 minutes.
Forward Taco van den Honert added two more from well-worked short- corner ploys on the way to a huge victory that saw Erik Jan de Rooy, the Dutch goalkeeper, get his first touch of the ball after ...
Substitute halfback Diego Allona earned the point with a short corner strike with two minutes to go after Germany, who have drawn twice in three games, had taken the lead in the first half.
Vogts, already under pressure in trying to defuse unrest between his players, said the 26-year-old midfielder did not apologise after the controversy.
Then against the Koreans they were lucky to escape with a 3-2 victory after holding a 3-0 interval lead.
Palestinian police chief Nasser Yussfe has warned HAMAS he will track down members not obeying the law and carrying out further killings after two suspected informers were found hung.
All four teams in group E finished on four points but the Norwegians were placed last after managing only a single goal in their three matches.
But Irish boss Jack Charlton, forced to watch the match from the stands after FIFA slapped a touchline ban on him for his attacks on officials, was unperturbed by the prospect of a clash with the winners of group F.
The second match on centre-court promises to be the day's highlight -- an intriguing shootout between fourth-seed Goran Ivanisevic of Croatia and stylish Frenchman Guy Forget who has returned to top-flight tennis after a long injury lay-off.
Three-times champion Boris Becker, under fire after being fined for off-court treatment during a third-round match and then accused of deliberately trying to put off an opponent with delaying tactics, opens the number-one court programme against Sweden's Christian Bergstrom.
Italy's World Cup future looks bleak  WASHINGTON, June 28 (AFP)  Italy were clinging to their World Cup future on Tuesday after a 1-1 draw with Mexico here meant they could only scrape through to the second round as one of the four best third-placed teams.
Italy, after another non-descript performance from Roberto Baggio, were not yet 100 per cent sure of qualifying for the second round.
Daniele Massaro put Italy ahead when he scored only two minutes after coming on as a second-half substitute.
Sacchi said: "We lost concentration after we scored and they capitalised on it."
Jorge Rodriguez came to Mexico's rescue after 68 minutes when he booted the ball away for a corner after Roberto Baggio's shot had bounced back off Campos's chest.
But a State Department spokesman said there was a better than 50-50 chance that Christopher would stop in the Middle East after the Group of Seven summit July 8-10 in Naples, Italy.
                     Korea-summit-US,lead                      500 words moved     PANMUNJOM,     Korea:           North and South Korea bury the hatchet                      after 44 years of bitter conflict and                      agree to hold their first-ever summit                      in the North Korean capital of Pyongyang                      next month.
Picture     ADEN, Yemen:     Retreating southern forces build sand                      barriers, dig trenches and set up                      artillery at the edge of their besieged                      city after the north breaks through                      another defense line in the two-month war.
                     Venezuela-economy,lead                      600 words around 2130 GMT     ABUJA:           Nigeria's constitutional conference                      on a return to civilian rule, which opened                      amid great fanfare, adjourned for two weeks                      after delegates ask for time to examine agenda.
Andersson got his chance after a determined run from fellow striker Tomas Brolin, who rode two attempted tackles from his marker Marcio Santos.
He praised Chile's remarkable transformation after years of military dictatorship as well as its great economic growth and support for the market economy.
The Chilean leader told reporters after the encounter that he had a "very positive" meeting with Clinton.
Soon after independence in 1980, the government-owned media referred to all blacks as comrades and non-blacks as Mr., Mrs.
Poletto also said the full list of the targetted goods and services would be issued only after an exchange control mechanism had been put in place.
The guarantees on economic exchanges were suspended in February after Caldera's inauguration but were reinstated three months later in order to grease the wheels of the new economic plan aimed at paring the budget deficit.
The goal sparked more urgency from Cameroon and a minute later Francois Omam-Biyik struck the bar with a curling shot after darting down the left.
The Cameroon keeper had been booked for protesting after the awarding of the penalty.
CFA zone leaders go for growth after devaluation, back Rwanda mission  LIBREVILLE, June 28 (AFP)  Leaders of 14 African france zone (CFA) countries met here Tuesday to assess the effect on their economies of last January's 50 percent devaluation of their common currency.
Increases in the long-term interest rate began after the release of better-than-expected figures for June's consumer price index, the first indicator for the month.
Wall Street closely followed the bond market, its principal indicator plunging more than 40 points after long-term rates hit 7.54 percent.
Dollar drops, gold keeps climbing  NEW YORK, June 28 (AFP)  A battered US dollar fell further against major currencies Tuesday, after a portfolio-squaring session linked to the expiration of a series of quarterly and half-yearly options.
Cameroon, after a disastrous tournament marred by a pay dispute and government interference over team selection from back home in Yaounde, are eliminated.
Kinkel, speaking after talks with Italian Foreign Minister Antonio Martino, said: "Clearly our goal is to find a solution before July 15."
Germany, which takes over the rotating EU chairmanship for the next six months on Friday, called a summit for that date in Brussels after a weekend summit in Greece failed to produce a successor as planned.
The Swedes, playing without suspended striker Martin Dahlin, were on course for a surprise win when they led 1-0 at half-time after a 23rd minute goal on the break by tall striker Kennet Andersson.
But Romario surged through into the penalty area holding off two challenges to fire past Swedish goalkeeper Thomas Ravelli just after half-time for his third goal of the tournament.
Andersson volleyed past goalkeeper Taffarel into the right hand corner after a determined run from fellow striker Tomas Brolin, who beat off two solid tackle attempts from his marker Marcio Santos.
reopens (SAN FRANCISCO) Salenko started the rout in the 15th minute, firing past reserve goalkeeper Jacques Songo'o after the ball fell free when Igor Korneyev was bundled over in the box.
The goal sparked more urgency from Cameroon and a minute later Francois Omam-Biyik struck the bar with a curling shot after darting down the left.
The Cameroon keeper was booked for protesting after the awarding of the penalty.
LOS ANGELES, California, June 28 (AFP)  World Cup goalscorers after Tuesday's games: 6: Oleg Salenko (Russia) 4: Jurgen Klinsmann (Germany) 3: Gabriel Batistuta (Argentina), Martin Dahlin (Sweden), Romario (Brazil) 2: Fuad Amin Anwar (S Arabia), Georges Bregy (Switzerland), Jose Luis Caminero (Spain), Claudio Caniggia (Argentina), Luis Garcia (Mexico), Andoni Goikoetxea (Spain), Gheorghe Hagi (Romania), Hong Myung-Bo (South Korea), Florin Raducioiu (Romania), Hristo Stoichkov (Bulgaria), Adolfo Valencia (Colombia) 1: Philippe Albert (Belgium), John Aldridge (Ireland), Sami Al Jaber (S Arabia), Daniel Amokachi (Nigeria), Emmanuel Amunike (Nigeria), Kennet Andersson (Sweden), Dino Baggio (Italy), Bebeto (Brazil), Daniel Borimirov (Bulgaria), Tomas Brolin (Sweden), Mohamed Chaouch (Morocco), Stephane Chapuisat (Switzerland), Marc Degryse (Belgium), David Embe (Cameroon), Herman Gaviria (Colombia), Josep Guardiola (Spain), Ray Houghton (Republic of Ireland), Hwang Sun-hong (South Korea), Wim Jonk (Holland), Adrian Knup (Switzerland), Yordan Letchkov (Bulgaria), Roger Ljung (Sweden), Harold Lozano (Colombia), Diego Maradona (Argentina), Roger Milla (Cameroon), Francois Omam-Biyik (Cameroon), Dan Petrescu (Romania), Dimitri Radchenko (Russia), Rai (Brazil), Kjetil Rekdal (Norway), Karlheinz Riedle (Germany), Julio Salinas (Spain), Erwin Sanchez (Bolivia), Marcio Santos (Brazil), Seo Jung-Won (South Korea), Samson Siasia (Nigeria), Ernie Stewart (USA), Alain Sutter (Switzerland), Gaston Taument (Holland), Eric Wynalda (USA), Rashidi Yekini (Nigeria) Own goal: Andres Escobar (Colombia) bdb94 
    LOS ANGELES, California, June 28 (AFP) - World Cup first-round standings  after Tuesday's matches:     Group A (Final)                     P   W   D   L   F   A Pts     Romania         3   2   0   1   5   5  6     Switzerland     3   1   1   1   5   4  4     United States   3   1   1   1   3   3  4     Colombia        3   1   0   2   4   5  3     Group B (Final)                     P   W   D   L   F   A  Pts     Brazil          3   2   1   0   6   1   7     Sweden          3   1   2   0   6   4   5     Russia          3   1   0   2   7   6   3     Cameroon        3   0   1   2   3  11   1     more 
The number of Haitians fleeing by boat waned as that policy was strictly enforced, but rose again after the United States announced it would process refugees in Jamaica and Grand Turk and Caicos.
Frei said after meeting with President Bill Clinton that the two countries would launch a ministerial-level study to identify the best option.
He praised Chile's remarkable transformation after years of military dictatorship as well as its great economic growth and support for the market economy.
The Saudis will play Belgium without midfielder Fuad Amin Anwar, who is out of the match after two yellow cards.
In London, coffee futures continued to soar Tuesday, rising on the frost and after a massive 30 percent jump Monday, dealers said.
The coffee market already suffers from an extreme shortage in supply after bad harvests in Colombia, the Ivory Coat and in Indonesia and as several farmers abandoned production saying the crop was not economic.
The number of Haitians fleeing by boat waned as that policy was strictly enforced, but rose again after the United States announced it would process refugees in Jamaica and Grand Turk and Caicos.
"We believe a stronger dollar is better for our economy and better for the world's economy," Bentsen said in remarks prepared for a New York speech, as the dollar remained under pressure after hitting a historic low against the yen.
An hour after the match was over, jubilant fans poured into the streets of East Los Angeles chanting and waving banners.
UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali has also expressed an interest in the force, which is modeled after the UN's blue helmet peacekeepers.
In editorial comment, the Telegraph said Wednesday that British measures to contain BSE were "fully adequate" and aired the suspicion "the whole furore has been whipped up by the German government for its own ends, in an election year and shortly after their disappointment at Corfu".
The deadly Barcelona striker speared through the clustering Swedish defence to equalise with his third goal of the tournament just after half-time.
The Swedes, without their suspended leading scorer Martin Dahlin, pierced the Brazilian defence for the first time in the tournament, to lead 1-0 at the interval after a 23rd minute strike by forward Kennet Andersson.
Romario eased Brazilian anxieties when he held off two challenges to fire past Swedish goalkeeper Thomas Ravelli after being contained in the first half.
(DETROIT) Andersson stunned the packed Silverdome when he volleyed past goalkeeper Taffarel into the right hand corner after a determined run from fellow striker Tomas Brolin.
US funds appeared to be major dollar sellers, he said, adding that investors were moving out of dollar-based assets after US monetary tightening earlier this year.
I did not even know of the possibility of beating it," said the Russian striker after they beat Cameroon 6-1 in their final Group B match.
The striker was quickly brought back to earth after his historic achievement by being summoned for a random dope control, missing the post-match press conference because he was too busy drinking water and Coca-Cola to meet the demands of a urine test.
Igor Shalimov, Andrei Kanchelskis, Igor Dobrovolsky, Igor Kolyvanov, Sergei Kiryakov, Vasily Kulkov and Andrei Ivanov were all left behind after demanding the resignation of coach Pavel Sadyrin for his old-fashioned methods.
Salenko started the rout in the 15th minute, firing past goalkeeper Jacques Songo'o after the ball fell free when Igor Korneyev was bundled over in the box.
His hat-trick was completed on the stroke of half time from the penalty spot after Victor Ndip fouled Ilya Tsymbalar.
Radchenko completed Cameroon's misery in the 81st minute after darting into the box and tucking the ball home.
Those plans were made after President Bill Clinton announced he was changing the US policy of immediately repatriating Haitians picked up at sea without reviewing their petitions.
Thousands of Haitian refugees were packed in the base in Guantanamo after president Jean-Bertrand Aristide was ousted in a 1991 military coup.
"It would be better if there was more confidence given to the team and coach after the Switzerland game," he said.
It has already been reported that in the documentary on the life of the heir to the British throne the Prince of Wales admits to infidelity -- after his marriage to Diana, the princess of Wales, broke down -- and promotes the disestablishment of the Church of England.
Himself a privy councillor, Benn said it was his "solemn intention" to prevent publication of the proclamation announcing the accession of the next monarch after the death or abdication of Queen Elizabeth II.
But right-wing Tory MP John Carlisle told PA News Tuesday: "He (the prince) will be different after tomorrow and so will the Monarchy.
But it is hard to believe the wise-cracking Dutchman is serious when he says Greece, with the worst record in the tournament, will pose problems for his African champions who routed Bulgaria 3-0 in their first Group D match and walked off with their heads high after losing 2-1 in the second game to two-time World Champions Argentina.
Greece only claimed their place in the finals after Yugoslavia pulled out.
URGENT  TOKYO, June 29 (AFP)  The dollar plunged further to hit an all-time low of 99.10 yen shortly after 11:00 a.m. (0200 GMT) Wendesday in Tokyo, dealers said.
Yekini, who moves to Olympiakos Piraeus next season after finishing top scorer in Portugal with Victoria Setubal, opened the score against Bulgaria and set up Amokachi for the second while Amunike settled the outcome.
Yekini delivered the pass which set midfielder Samson Siasia free to score the goal which gave Nigeria a 1-0 lead after eight minutes against Argentina.
"Without a doubt Caniggia is going to play," said Basile, who has vowed to play his strongest side against a Bulgarian team that has finally won a World Cup finals match after 18 attempts.
"Now that we have finally won there is a great burden lifted off the players' shoulders," said Bulgarian coach Dimitar Penev after his side crushed Greece 4-0.
Chan said the reforms, which would substantially broaden the franchise for 1995 legislative elections, were essential to guarantee the rule of law in Hong Kong after its 1997 hand back to China.
Some 120 workers were detained, with at least 11 hospitalized for injuries, after police completed operations and drove out thousands of striking workers, Yonhap said.
Dollar plunges further to hit 99.10 yen in Tokyo  TOKYO, June 29 (AFP)  The dollar plunged further to hit an all-time low of 99.10 yen shortly after 11:00 a.m. Wendesday (0200 GMT) in Tokyo.
North and South Korea swallowed hard  after almost a half century of bitter mistrust and agreed Tuesday to a July  25-27 meeting between North Korean President Kim Il-Sung and South Korea's  dissident-turned-president, Kim Young-Sam.
The summit is to be held in the  North Korean capital of Pyongyang late next month after the United States  resumes talking to North Korea in Geneva on July 8.
(AFP)     ABUJA: Nigeria's constitutional conference on a return to civilian rule,  which opened amid great fanfare, adjourned for two weeks after delegates asked  for more time to examine the agenda.
Bullet-train services resumed after a 10-minute suspension, Japan Broadcasting Corp.
Kidnapped billonaire set free  MEXICO CITY, June 28 (AFP)  Billonaire Alfredo Harp Helu was set free by his captors late Tuesday, more than three months after he was kidnapped and a few days after a ransom was paid, a government official said.
(changing dateline) Russian hostage drama ends -- all freed  LONDON, June 29 (AFP)  Kidnappers who had seized 40 people aboard a bus in southern Russia freed all their captors early Wednesday after obtaining a helicopter and nearly three million dollars, the ITAR-TASS news agency reported.
(repeasting with corrected dateline) Russian hostage drama ends -- all freed  MOSCOW, June 29 (AFP)  Kidnappers who had seized 40 people aboard a bus in southern Russia freed all their captors early Wednesday after obtaining a helicopter and nearly three million dollars, the ITAR-TASS news agency reported.
Police arrived just after dawn at Tapie's Paris residence and escorted the flamboyant businessman to the Paris courthouse.
Russian hostage drama ends -- all freed  MOSCOW, June 29 (AFP)  Kidnappers who had seized 40 people aboard a bus in southern Russia freed all their remaining captives early Wednesday after obtaining a helicopter and nearly three million dollars, the ITAR-TASS news agency reported.
The kidnappers, after releasing most of their hostages, ordered the helicopter to fly from the town of Mineralnye Vody toward Gudermes in the Caucasus republic of Chechnya, where they were arrested.
The incident came one month after another hostage-taking in the region which ended in Chechnya on May 28 after a helicopter chase.
They were released after a chase that ended in the Russian republic of Daghestan.
Coca-Cola returns to Vietnam  HANOI, June 29 (AFP)  The US soft drinks firm Coca-Cola on Wednesday laid the foundation stone here for a 20 million dollar bottling plant to meet surging demand in Vietnam after an 18-year hiatus in local production.
Resumption of production was made possible after the United States lifted its embargo on trade with Vietnam in February this year.
Pepsi-Cola stole a march on its rival by rushing to produce locally just days after the embargo was lifted, while Coca-Cola strived to meet demand from imports from Singapore.
Kidnapped billonaire set free  MEXICO CITY, June 28 (AFP)  Billonaire Alfredo Harp Helu was set free by his captors late Tuesday, more than three months after he was kidnapped and a few days after a ransom of close to 30 million dollars was paid.
Harp, Mexico's wealthiest financier, was kidnapped March 14 after leaving his home in his car by eight heavily armed men.
He thanked the media for their support during his ordeal, adding that a video tape the kidnappers sent them last week was cut off after he began criticizing the methods of his captors.
A few days after Harp's abduction, a leading presidential candidate was assassinated, which together with a rebel uprising at the start of the year and Harp's own kidnapping plunged the country and the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party into crisis.
Israeli police act after rising complaints of brutality  JERUSALEM, June 29 (AFP)  Israeli police chiefs are taking a series of measures to try to halt brutality by the force, including putting more women in patrols, a spokesman said Wednesday.
"North Korea stopped airing the usual slander against President Kim Young-Sam shortly after the two Koreas agreed to the July 25-27 summit," a defense ministry official here said.
In 1992, after a year of negotiations, the two sides concluded a dramatic accord on ending Cold War hostilities.
The jury, which reached its verdict after nine hours of deliberation, acquitted him of the killings of two other callgirls.
But after writing several novels and plays in prison, he was released early under pressure from Austria's literary establishment and hailed as a success story for rehabilitation until he was arrested again in February 1992.
Police arrived just after 6.00 a.m. at Tapie's Paris residence, the earliest legal hour at which police are allowed to take people in for questioning.
Analysts say cotton prices are expected to stay high because of tight supply, after crops in major producing countries -- such as China and Pakistan -- were ravaged by pests, causing costs for textile makers here to spiral.
War broke out in Yemen on May 5 after months of tension between northern and southern leaders of the country, which was created by the merger in May 1990 of the former tribal North Yemen and the Marxist South.
Olmert met Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin on Tuesday to discuss the future of Jerusalem, which is due to be negotiated after two years of Palestinian autonomy.
Israeli radio reported Wednesday that the town hall is building a massive car park in east Jerusalem, which Israel annexed after the 1967 Middle East War, for Arafat's arrival.
The UN mission in Haiti was created last year by the Security Council but has failed to come into being after demonstrations in Haiti prevented its deployment in October.
The draft resolution extending UNMIH's mandate to July 30 calls on the UN chief to report back to the council before July 15, "with specific recommendations on the strength, composition, cost and duration of UNMIH, appropriate to its expansion and deployment after the departure of the senior Haitian military leadership."
Only 10 percent of the newcomers had problems when they arrive, but after 30 months in Israel more than 30 percent developed symptoms, a Jerusalem mental health centre found in a survey.
The Nikkei average sagged to 20,420.48 in the first half hour, just after the dollar slipped below 99.50 yen here.
Fourteen amendments were on the order paper, including a long-shot attempt by independent firebrand Emily Lau for all 60 seats to be directly elected -- even though China has vowed to scrap any electoral reforms after 1997.
Launching the debate, Patten's second in command, Anson Chan, repeated the governor's oft-stated position that only his reform package can guarantee human rights and the rule of law in Hong Kong after 1997.
Some 30,000 cheering fans gathered before the Angel of Independence monument, a central square where spontaneous celebrations traditionally take place, after Mexico drew 1-1 with Italy in the US capital Tuesday afternoon.
When the disturbances broke out, police watched the goings on from their patrol cars without intervening, apparently scathed after Friday's incidents in which 60 people were injured after police stepped in to control a crowd celebrating Mexico's 2-1 win over Ireland, also in the World Cup.
Aasked whether Pakistan recognised Rabbani and Hekmatyar as the legitimate president and prime minister of Afghanistan, Ali said, "it is not a question of their recognition by Pakistan, anything that happens in Afghanistan after June 28 has no legitimacy."
The financial rand for non-resident investors opened at 4.76/78 to the dollar after closing at 4.74/76.
Meanwhile, the main opposition Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), also anxious to form a government, continued to press the socialists to form an alternative government in place of that of Hata, who resigned Saturday after facing a no-confidence motion submitted by the LDP.
The LDP lost power last August for the first time in 38 years, after several senior LDP politicians were accused of involvement in bribery scandals.
France defeated by Hawke's Bay and referee  NAPIER, New Zealand, June 29 (AFP)  France paid a heavy price for not obeying rugby's rules here Wednesday when second division Hawke's Bay beat them 30-25, after trailing the tourists 3-15 at halftime.
Hawke's Bay captain Dallas Seymour said after the match that no other New Zealand team had tried attacking France up the middle where he believed they were vulnerable.
(NAPIER) Tordo scored the first try after 30 minutes of play with a big push over which went unconverted.
Local Orcades Crawford went into the ruck too vigorously and France were awarded a penalty, but French players continued to fight after the whistle.
Olmert met Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin on Tuesday to discuss the future of Jerusalem, which is due to be negotiated after two years of Palestinian autonomy.
Israeli radio reported Wednesday that the town hall is building a massive car park in east Jerusalem, which Israel annexed after the 1967 Middle East War, for Arafat's arrival.
"The Syrians have to understand that they have to talks to us -- perhaps after a preparatory phase with the Americans but unless they talk to us there will be no real progress."
In Washington a State Department spokesman said there was a better than 50-50 chance that Christopher would stop in the Middle East after the Group of Seven summit July 8-10 in Italy.
Baid fled the southern stronghold of Aden soon after war broke out between his forces and those of northern President Ali Abdallah Saleh on May 5, moving to his home city of Mukalla, in the Hadramawt province.
He was speaking after UAE Foreign Minister Sheikh Hamdan ben Zayed al- Nayhan said his country would never give up its claim to the islands, adding the row with Iran had created an "obstacle to normalising relations."
Negotiations opened in September 1992 in Abu Dhabi, but broke down after Tehran refused to discuss the status of the Tunbs.
Police moved a few hours after the National Assembly voted on Tuesday to lift Tapie's parliamentary immunity.
The dollar firmed slightly to 99.40 yen after persistent intervention by the Bank of Japan, but even this was below the closing price in London on Tuesday of 99.95 yen.
Oil storage tanks at the refinery were set ablaze three weeks ago after a northern raid, officials here said.
His mission came after President Ali Abdallah Saleh complained to his Egyptian counterpart Hosni Mubarak during a telephone conversation Tuesday about southern efforts to internationalize the war.
He pledged close cooperation with France, the next EU president after Germany, and also the succeeding ones of Spain and Italy, in promoting the ideal of European construction.
Station cleared after train derails  LAUSANNE, Switzerland, June 29 (AFP)  Thousands of people were evacuated from the area around Lausanne railway station Wednesday as police feared that a derailed train packed with explosives might blow up.
The 40-wagon, 700-metre (2,300 feet)-long train was on its way from Basel -- home to most of Switzerland's chemical industry -- when it derailed at about 3:00 a.m. just outside Lausanne station, probably after a mistake in switching lines, firefighters said.
                    Japan-politics, lead                     500 words moved 1200 GMT                     by Shingo Ito     PARIS:          Debt-ridden tycoon and left-wing                     politician Bernard Tapie is charged                     with tax evasion and embezzlement after                     an early morning police raid on his chic                     mansion.
Tapie charged with tax evasion, embezzlement  PARIS, June 29 (AFP)  Debt-ridden tycoon and left-wing politician Bernard Tapie was charged with tax evasion and embezzlement on Wednesday, the day after fellow MPs voted to lift his parliamentary immunity.
Tapie, who was raised from his bed shortly after 6 a.m., hurled abuse at police, calling them "fascists."
Rugby captain banned for life for biting opponent's ear  JOHANNESBURG, June 29 (AFP)  The captain of a top South African rugby team was late Tuesday banned for life from the game after biting the ear of an opponent, the Star newspaper reported Wednesday.
The ban was imposed by a Transvaal Rugby Union disciplinary tribunal on Diggers captain Wittes Buitendach after he allegedly bit the ear of Pirates hooker Craig Miller in a recent club match.
Even the rebel Rwanda Patriotic Front (RPF) has softened its opposition after initially threatening to fight the French forces as hostile invaders and staging two demonstrations against the intervention.
The French "appear to be keeping their promises," said a Senegalese UN military observer forced to leave Rwanda last week because of threats from the rebels after Senegal supported the French intervention.
Paris insists that its troops will avoid clashing with the rebels, who control two-thirds of Rwanda after pushing back government forces in a series of sweeping advances since Habyarimana's April 6 death.
France sent troops to Rwanda after the rebels invaded from Uganda in 1990 and again in 1993 when they advanced close to Kigali.
Leaders of the LDP, the party thrown out of office last year after 38 years in power, said they decided to support Murayama in the lower- house vote.
In London, Charter rose 16 to 679 after announcing a 260 million pound agreed offer for Swedish welding products company Esab.
In Paris, sentiment was uncertain initially, but share prices then rose after the reduction of the base German repurchase rate to 4.96 percent.
Writer-killer's saga ends with lonely death in jail by Jean Burner  VIENNA, June 29 (AFP)  Jack Unterweger, a murderer who used his time behind bars to become a famous writer, chose to end his turbulent career by his own hand on Wednesday hours after being jailed for life a second time for the murder of nine prostitutes.
Unterweger attempted suicide several times during his remand in custody but appeared calm when the jury gave its verdict after nine hours of deliberation at the end of a 10-week trial.
Shaath, the new Palestinian minister for cooperation in the self-rule authority, told reporters that Arafat would visit Gaza after meeting Thursday in Cairo with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak.
(picture) Tapie charged with tax evasion, embezzlement by Geoffrey Varley  PARIS, June 29 (AFP)  Debt-ridden tycoon and left-wing politician Bernard Tapie was charged with tax evasion and embezzlement on Wednesday after an early morning police raid on his chic Paris mansion.
Police acted just hours after fellow French MPs voted to lift the parliamentary immunity of a man who is a star of French politics, outshining traditional leaders.
Tapie, who was raised from his bed shortly after 6 a.m. (0800 GMT), hurled abuse at police, calling them "fascists."
Fourteen amendments were on the order paper, including a long-shot attempt by independent firebrand Emily Lau for all 60 seats to be directly elected -- even though China has vowed to scrap any electoral reforms after 1997.
Launching the debate, Patten's second in command, Anson Chan, repeated the governor's oft-stated position that only his reform package can guarantee human rights and the rule of law in Hong Kong after 1997.
Shaath, the Palestinian minister for cooperation in the new self-rule authority, told reporters here that Arafat would visit Gaza after a meeting Thursday in Cairo with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak.
He last visited the territories in disguise shortly after Israel captured the Gaza Strip and West Bank in 1967, PLO officials say.
Arafat was not expected to arrive in the self-rule areas until the middle of July after PLO officals complained that international donors had been late in sending the financial support for autonomy.
The PLO chief had initially been expected to make his historic visit in mid-June -- shortly after the May 4 signing here of the deal that launched autonomy in the West Bank town of Jericho and the Gaza Strip.
Voting started shortly after for a successsor to Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata who announced his resignation Saturday to head off a no- confidence motion submitted by the opposition Liberal Democartic Party (LDP).
The fighting is taking place despite a one-month ceasefire which took effect on June 10, after talks led by UN special envoy for Yugoslavia, Yasushi Akashi.
It comes after 24 Taiwanese tourists were robbed and killed during a pleasure boat fire on Qiandao Lake in eastern China on March 31.
Poll officials said the new figures may reflect the feeling that China could care little for the welfare of Taiwanese after reunification.
China had initially maintained that the boat fire was an accident, and only announced it was a case of robbery and mass murder after Taiwan suspended cultural, educational and sightseeing exchanges with the mainland.
Percentages before and after the incident were 12.4 and 12.3, which may show that people do not want to provoke China by abruptly declaring independence, officials said.
It did another poll between April 23 and 27 after the March 31 incident.
Negotiations on intellectual property rights, including patents, are part of wide-ranging trade framework talks resumed this month after being stalled for three and a half months.
No one was arrested after the attack.
She said a new round of voting to replace outgoing prime minister Tsutomu Hata who resigned at the weekend would be held at around 9:30 p.m. (1230 GMT) after the two failed to win a majority.
He returned to the Mediterranean in July, 1254 after travelling more than 20,000 kms (12,500 miles) in a voyage that preceded the travels of Marco Polo by 20 years.
Mandela declares western Cape a disaster area  CAPE TOWN, June 29 (AFP)  South Africa's President Nelson Mandela Wednesday declared the western Cape a disaster area after it was devastated by storms and the country's worst-ever oil slick.
Arafat last set foot in the West Bank and Gaza Strip during a clandestine trip shortly after Israel captured those territories in the 1967 Arab-Israeli war.
Arafat had not been expected to arrive in the self-rule areas until the middle of July after PLO officals complained that international donors had been late in sending the financial support for autonomy.
The PLO chief had initially been expected to make his historic visit in mid-June -- shortly after the May 4 signing here of the deal that launched autonomy in the West Bank town of Jericho and the Gaza Strip.
Earlier in London, the greenback had firmed slightly to 99.40 yen after persistent intervention by the Bank of Japan, although it remained lower than the previous close at 99.95 yen.
According to the Yomiuri Shimbun, some leisure electronics makers were considering making the same change after Korean makers undercut the best Japanese prices by 20 percent.
Sumitomo Metal Industries lost 34.4 billion yen (330 million dollars), after profits of 9.3 billion yen.
Kawasaki Steel went from profits of 16.1 billion yen in 1992/93 to a loss of 37 billion yen (360 million dollars) this year, and Kobe Steel went from profits of 10.4 billion yen to losses of 8.6 billion (83 million dollars) Nippon Steel, the world leader, announced two weeks ago losses of 36 billion yen (350 million dollars) after profits of 29 billion yen last year.
China has vowed to scrap after the handover any changes that it does not like.
Chinese government denies dissident is ill  BEIJING, June 29 (AFP)  Chinese dissident Li Guiren, who was released last week after five years in jail, is not ill and was well treated while in detention, the official Xinhua news agency said Wednesday.
Friends of the dissident said Sunday that Li, 51, was in poor health on his release after being refused medical treatment in prison for serious heart problems.
"Anything that happens in Afghanistan after June 28 has no legitimacy," Ali said.
It showed that only 53.2 percent of 6,240 letters sent between the largest cities of the 12 countries plus Switzerland in November last year arrived within three working days after being sent.
The study, by the European consumers organisation BEUC and its French counterpart, also showed that 12.9 percent of letters had not arrived after five days, and one percent of all the letters -- more than 60 -- were lost.
Kinkel also pledged close cooperation with France, the next EU president after Germany, and also the succeeding ones of Spain and Italy, in promoting the ideal of European construction.
The star batsman, who hit a century in the drawn Lord's Test, went to see a doctor here on Wednesday morning after complaining of a sore throat, hot and cold sweats and lethargy.
The bombs, placed in a tree-lined road on the route of the demonstration, went off just after Said Sadi, leader of the Movement of the Republic and the Rally for Culture and Democracy had passed the area.
(pictures) Mandela declares western Cape a disaster area  CAPE TOWN, June 29 (AFP)  President Nelson Mandela declared the western Cape peninsula a disaster area Wednesday after South Africa's worst storms in a century forced thousands to flee their homes and an oil spill tarnished the tourist region's beaches.
The fund will also be used to help clean up after the country's worst oil disaster caused by a Hong Kong-based bulk carrier, the Apollo Sea, which sank on June 20 in stormy seas off the Cape coast with a crew of 36, none of whom are believed to have survived.
On June 30, just after Israel crushed the Arabs in six days, Arafat, still an unknown militant, told a meeting of Fatah in a Damascus cafe that resistance had to be organized on the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
Dupuis said the US firm chose the Philippines because of the opportunities after President Fidel Ramos deregulated the industry two years ago, ending decades of monopoly by Philippine Long Distance Telephone Co. He said CIV is willing to invest more in Philcom as the need arises.
Dorahy, who lost his job just days after steering the Central Park side to a fifth successive League and Challenge Cup double, said: "Despite the way it ended I've had a great time.
Hundreds evacuated after train derails  LAUSANNE, Switzerland, June 29 (AFP)  Hundreds of people were evacuated from the area around Lausanne railway station Wednesday as police feared a derailed train carrying a highly inflammable, toxic chemical would cause serious pollution.
The 40-wagon, 700-metre (2,300 feet)-long train was on its way from Basel -- home to most of Switzerland's chemical industry -- when it derailed at about 3:00 a.m. just outside Lausanne station, probably after a mistake in switching lines, firefighters said.
By the end of the morning the hundreds of firemen called in to cope with the spill had managed to close off the two breaches in the wagons and said that risks of explosion were minimal after drains in the area were ventilated.
This happened just two weeks after 100,000 litres of petrol spilled into drains when a train derailed at Zurich- Affoltern station, setting fire to three buildings and injuring three people.
(new series) Hostage-taking ends -- again in rebel republic by Boris Bachorz  MOSCOW, June 29 (AFP)  A hostage drama ended Wednesday with the arrest of the three kidnappers and the release of remaining captives unharmed, after the third such incident in seven months in the Russian Caucasus.
Russian authorities have used a more "softly-softly" approach since a bloodbath in March 1988, when nine people were killed after security forces stormed an airliner which hijackers wanted to fly to London.
In December 1993 four criminals were arrested in the Caucasian republic of Daghestan after four days on the run.
In May this year security forces overpowered four kidnappers, killing one of them, after they took 30 bus passengers hostage near Mineralnye Vody.
Chancellor Franz Vranitzky defended the visit at a cabinet meeting Tuesday after his vice-chancellor, Erhard Busek, publicly vowed to boycott Li's visit here -- the first leg on a tour that includes Germany and Romania -- to protest China's stand on human rights.
Dollar crashes to record low against yen  LONDON, June 29 (AFP)  The dollar crashed to a record post World War II low at 98.86 yen here at 1310 GMT on Wednesday, after slumping through the key 99-yen mark half an hour earlier and through an overnight Tokyo low at 99.05 yen.
Kaifu, who announced his candidature immediately after the decision, was backed by LDP renegades and parties in the Hata coalition, The run-off vote was the first since 1979 when internal feuds within the LDP delayed the election of Masayoshi Ohira as prime minister.
At 8:50 a.m. (1250 GMT), 20 minutes after the report was released, the average interest rate on the main 30-year Treasury bond was up to 7.53 percent, compared with 7.51 percent late Tuesday.
Up to 500,000 Rwandans, mostly minority Tutsis, have been killed since April 6, when president Juvenal Habyarimana, a Hutu, died after his plane was downed in Kigali.
The bombs, placed in a tree-lined road on the route of the demonstration, went off just after Sadi, 47, the leader of the opposition Movement of the Republic (MPR), had passed through the area.
Arafat returns to Gaza Friday for first time in 27 years by Lamia Radi  CAIRO, June 29 (AFP)  PLO chief Yasser Arafat, after a 27-year absence, will on Friday make a triumphant return to the Gaza Strip which gained autonomy from Israel in May, advisor Nabil Shaath said Wednesday.
Arafat last set foot in the West Bank and Gaza Strip during a clandestine trip shortly after Israel captured those territories in the 1967 Arab-Israeli war.
Arafat had not been expected to arrive in the self-rule areas until the middle of July after PLO officals complained that international donors had been late in sending the financial support needed for autonomy.
The PLO chief had initially been expected to make his historic visit in mid-June -- shortly after the May 4 signing in Cairo of the deal that launched autonomy in the West Bank town of Jericho and the Gaza Strip.
But earlier in the day, after visiting a battery factory in an industrial suburb, Patten said that a marathon debate in the Legislative Council was the "right way" to wind up the 20-month drama over political reform.
Patten's administration has been arguing that only his reform package -- which enraged Beijing when it was unveiled without its blessing in October 1992 -- can guarantee human rights and the rule of law after Hong Kong reverts to China in three years from Friday.
"We will see what kind of changes they will have after 1997," Liberal leader Allen Lee told reporters after the vote.
In addition to a long-standing injury to his left-knee, Lara says he suffered dizzy spells after being hit on the back of the helmet off a rising delivery by West Indies team mate Curtly Ambrose of Northamptonshire on Thursday.
Williams-Renault, who ruled the sport with an iron fist for two years before being overrun by the Benetton driver, have hired Mansell to restore their pride after a nightmare start to the season.
Mansell won his world title with the team in 1992, before leaving under a cloud after failing to agree terms for 1993.
The SDP chairman is Japan's first socialist prime minister since Tetsu Katayama who was elected in 1947, two years after the end of World War II.
Kaifu announced his decision to run as a rival candidate immediately after the LDP executive moved to support Murayama.
Hata announced his resignation last Saturday to head off a no- confidence motion submitted by the LDP, the former ruling party which was kicked out of office last year after 38 consecutive years of power.
He joined the socialist party after studying economics and politics at Tokyo's Meiji University.
Chang, 22 and one of the fastest players on the tour, ran down shot after shot as Sampras toyed and teased with a mixture of deft touch volleys and sizzling drives.
In Washington a State Department spokesman said there was a better than 50-50 chance that Christopher would stop in the Middle East after the Group of Seven summit on July 8-10 in Italy.
Muruyama was elected after the weekend collapse of the minority coalition government of Tsutomu Hata, who was prime minister for only two months.
(AFP)     CAIRO: PLO chief Yasser Arafat, after a 27-year absence, will on Friday  make a triumphant return to the Gaza Strip which gained autonomy from Israel  in May, advisor Nabil Shaath said.
Arafat last set foot in the West Bank and Gaza Strip during a  clandestine trip shortly after Israel captured those territories in the 1967  Arab-Israeli war.
(AFP)     PARIS: Debt-ridden tycoon and left-wing politician Bernard Tapie was  charged with tax evasion and embezzlement after an early morning police raid  on his chic Paris mansion.
Police acted just hours after fellow French MPs  voted to lift the parliamentary immunity of a man who is a star of French  politics, outshining traditional leaders.
(AFP)     MEXICO CITY: Billonaire Alfredo Harp Helu was set free by his captors more  than three months after he was kidnapped and a few days after a ransom of  close to 30 million dollars was paid.
(AFP)     VIENNA: Jack Unterweger, a murderer who used his time behind bars to  become a famous writer, chose to end his turbulent career by his own hand on  Wednesday hours after being jailed for life a second time for the murder of  nine prostitutes.
(AFP)     LONDON: The dollar crashed to a record post World War II low at 98.86 yen  here at 1310 GMT, after slumping through the key 99-yen mark half an hour  earlier and through an overnight Tokyo low at 99.05 yen.
The latest charges against Tapie were brought after the National Assembly voted Tuesday to lift his parliamentary immunity.
Arafat returns to Gaza Friday for first time in 27 years by Lamia Radi  CAIRO, June 29 (AFP)  PLO chief Yasser Arafat will make a triumphant return on Friday to the Gaza Strip for the first time in 27 years after winning limited autonomy for the territory in May, advisor Nabil Shaath said Wednesday.
Arafat last set foot in the West Bank and Gaza Strip during a clandestine trip shortly after Israel captured those territories in the 1967 Arab-Israeli war.
Arafat's visit to the self-rule areas had been postponed from mid-June until mid-July after PLO officals complained that international donors had been late in sending the financial support needed for autonomy.
The way was cleared for the PLO chief's visit after Arafat and Rabin signed the May 4 deal in Cairo that launched limited autonomy in Jericho and the Gaza Strip.
At 1310 GMT the dollar fell to 98.85 yen after slumping through the key 99-yen mark half an hour earlier and overnight lows in Tokyo at 99.05 yen.
vice president after he failed to show up in court to answer federal conspiracy and bribery charges stemming from aircraft sales to Eygpt.
The change announced Monday came after other OeVP leaders said they would boycott the signing though officially it was dropped "because of scheduling problems."
The 65-year-old premier is the first Chinese head of government to visit Austria, though it is Li's second trip to Europe after one in 1992 that took him to Spain, Portugal, Italy and Switzerland.
The SDP, the biggest party in the Hosokawa cabinet, stormed out of the government in April after the formation of a new alliance between coalition parties in the wake of Hata's election as prime minister.
The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials rose 12.63 points to 3,682.27 about 25 minutes after the session opened on the New York Stock Exchange.
Several security-men arrived at the villa's walled compound in the wealthy Rimal district just after dawn and began checking the grounds and building.
There are some 260,000 displaced persons in Croatia and several million missing after some three years of fighting.
"From now on, we will take responsibility for running the country," LDP president Yohei Kono told a meeting of party members after the LDP and the Social Democratic Party (SDP) joined forces to elect the SDP chairman.
"The current speculative move is apparently excessive," an official of the central bank told Jiji Press after the dollar plunged to a record low of 98.85 yen overseas.
China was one of the 23 original founders of GATT in 1947, but quit the organisation after the communist regime gained power in 1949.
Williams-Renault, who domiated the sport for two years before being overrun by the Benetton driver, have hired Mansell to restore their pride after a nightmare start to the season.
Mansell won his world title with the team in 1992, before leaving under a cloud after failing to agree terms for 1993.
At 1315 GMT, the dollar fell to 98.80 yen from 99.95 at the previous close shortly after the election of Tomiichi Murayama to succeed Tsutomu Hata, whose minority coalition government collapsed last weekend.
Arafat's return puts Israel before a "fait accompli" by Marius Schattner  TEL AVIV, July 29 (AFP)  Israel made threateningly negative sounds after PLO chairman Yasser Arafat's dramatic news of his return to Gaza, but the wily veteran appeared to have left his erstwhile enemies with little or no choice.
Israeli television and radio both decided that Rabin would finally give a green light, after first waiting long enough to save face.
Arafat was not expected to arrive in the self-rule areas until the middle of July after PLO officals complained that international donors had been late in sending the financial support for autonomy.
Khalida Messaoudi, 39, the president of the Independent Association for the Triumph of the Rights of Women, was among the victims after one or possibly two bombs exploded during a demonstration here, her family said.
Soccer gang leader turns himself in  BUENOS AIRES, June 29 (AFP)  The head of the Barra Brava -- Argentina's notorious football hooligans -- turned himself in to police Wednesday, two months after he was named as a murder suspect.
Earlier this month, Washington and Tokyo resumed the stalled talks after a three-month suspension, aimed at cutting Japan's 60-billion- dollar trade surplus with the United States and opening the closed Japanese market.
Khairnar's suspension came two days after he defied his chief's orders and travelled to the Maharashtra town of Aurangabad, where he again blasted chief minister Pawar for allegedly promoting large-scale corruption in the state.
Khairnar became nationally known after he began demolishing houses and buildings said to be owned by organised crime figures in Bombay.
The arrests were made after raids on several flats in Macau and following information by a local bank that a number of counterfeit US dollar deposits had been made by several North Koreans this month.
Sources said clashes had been occurring almost daily after the heavily armed Arabs rejected demands by Afridis to vacate the valley.
The start of the Eurostar service through the undersea link will be delayed after failing to to win the go-ahead from the project's intergovernmental safety commission, said the head of SNCF French railways, Jean-Francois Benard.
India was hit notably by an acute shortage of spare parts for its gigantic, mostly Soviet-equipped armed forces after the breakup of the Soviet Union.
His current 'protected' ranking is 1,130, will rise to just outside the top 200 after his Wimbledon run.
I do not want to abandon them now," said Milla, who will finally hang up his boots after finishing the season back home with Tonnerre Yaounde.
It was his first touch after coming on at half time for Louis Mfede.
Thick, black smoke blocked out the summer sun after it drifted over the city from the burning refinery 18 kilometers (11 miles) to the west where rival troops also battled on the ground.
The north has increasingly tightened its strangehold on the port in a bid to "stamp out" what it sees as a rebellion after the south declared the independent Yemen Democratic Republic on May 21.
The civil war erupted on May 5 four years after the former conservative North and the Marxist South were merged in an uneasy union.
The start of the Eurostar service through the undersea link, the first fixed one between France and England, will be delayed after failing to to win the go-ahead from the project's intergovernmental safety commission, said the managing director of SNCF French railways, Jean- Francois Benard.
Speaking after talks with the North Atlantic Treaty Organsation, he said that the ceasefire, declared on June 8, was "under great threat."
"I want to do my best to assume my responsibilities in order to establish politics for the people," Murayama said after being elected by a comfortable lower-house majority on the last day of the current session of parliament.
Despite being kicked out of office last year after a series of corruption scandals, the LDP remains the biggest party in the lower house despite losing dozens of members to Hata's Renewal Party and other groups set up last year.
The SDP, the second-biggest party in parliament and the LDP's main rival for decades, joined the coalition of reformist Morihiro Hosokawa in August last year, after the LDP lost its majority for the first time in 38 years.
The socialists finally stormed out of the coalition in April, shortly after Hata succeeded Hosokawa who quit amid questions over his financial dealings.
Arafat to make triumphant return to Gaza Friday by Lamia Radi  CAIRO, June 29 (AFP)  PLO chairman Yasser Arafat will return to the Gaza Strip at the weekend for the first time in 27 years after winning limited self-rule for the Palestinians in May, his top advisor said Wednesday.
Arafat last set foot in the West Bank and Gaza Strip during a clandestine trip shortly after Israel captured those territories in the 1967 Arab-Israeli war.
Arafat's visit to the self-rule areas had been postponed from mid-June until mid-July after PLO officals complained that international donors had been late in sending the financial support needed for autonomy.
The way was cleared for the visit after Arafat and Rabin signed the May 4 deal in Cairo that launched limited autonomy in Jericho and the Gaza Strip.
"Friendly relations and cooperation between our two countries have developed successfully in all domains since the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Austria more than 20 years ago," Li said in a written statement published by Austrian news agency APA after he arrived from China.
The change announced Monday came after other leaders in Busek's party said they would boycott the signing though officially it was dropped "because of scheduling problems."
"Mr. Rabin took the decision after examining security questions linked to this visit with the security services," Environment Minister Yossi Sarid said.
The security services said two of the injured were in serious condition and that many of those hurt had been trampled in the panic that erupted as thousands sought to flee after the explosions.
Activity on the currency markets relented at the beginning of afternoon trading after lively morning activity, Farrell said.
Dollar holds to downtrend in central banks' absence  LONDON, June 29 (AFP)  The dollar stuck to its recent downtrend on Wednesday on the London foreign exchange market in the central banks' absence, setting new record lows against the yen, including after the naming of new Japanese premier Tomiichi Murayama.
The greenback stood in late afternoon at 98.80 yen to the dollar against 99.95 Tuesday evening, shortly after having set an all-time record low in the afternoon of 98.60 yen in reaction to the naming of the new prime minister, "which turned into an additional pretext for selling greenbacks", said one analyst.
The vote -- after 15 hours of debate -- climaxed a 20-month effort by the British admistration to beef up Hong Kong's political institutions ahead of the colony's July 1997 handback to China.
Angry Becker calls for truce by Keith Dickson  LONDON, June 29 (AFP)  An Angry Boris Becker called for a truce with the press here on Thursday after being accused of more gamesmanship as he powered his way into the men's semi-finals at Wimbledon.
"That really disturbed me," said Bergstrom after the match.
"I don't like what is going on," said Becker after hearing of Bergstrom's complaint.
Chang, 22 and one of the fastest players on the tour, ran down shot after shot as Sampras toyed and teased with deft touch volleys and sizzling drives.
Ferreira fought back in the final set after trailing 2-4 to hold a break point in the 11th game before being caught out in his final service game by an inch perfect top spin lob.
Bergkamp opened the score in the 42nd minute but two minutes after the re-start Hassan Nader rammed in the equaliser.
Bergkamp had opened the score when he pounced on a loose ball after Peter Van Vossen's determined run past two defenders into the left- hand side of the Moroccan penalty area and slammed the ball home.
Winter headed over after Bergkamp nodded on De Boer's cross and Moroccan goalkeeper Zakaria Alaoui had to make two grabs at Wim Jonk's low shot.
Speaking after talks with the North Atlantic Treaty Organsation, he said that the month-long truce supposedly in effect since June 10 was "under great threat."
(WASHINGTON) Owairan, scorer of seven goals in Saudi Arabia's qualifying campaign, struck after only five minutes to evoke memories of Maradona's second goal for Argentina against England in the 1986 World Cup quarter- finals.
The striker picked up the ball just inside his own half and beat four Belgians before firing the ball past the advancing Michel Preud'homme It was the first goal conceded by Preud'homme, rated the tournament's best goalkeeper after outstanding performances in Belgium's wins over Morocco and Holland.
Wilmots was the guilty party again after 40 minutes when Scifo's chip sent him in behind the defence but he put the ball straight into the goalkeeper's arms.
With no hint of an equaliser Belgium sent on Croatian-born striker Josip Weber after 53 minutes for Wilmots, one of four changes from the win over Holland.
Preud'homme needed treatment in the 75th minute after rushing off his line to deny Hamzah Falatah, put through behind the defence after a one-two with Khalid Al Muwallid.
    LOS ANGELES, California, June 29 (AFP) - World Cup first-round standings  after Wednesday's matches:     Group A (Final)                     P   W   D   L   F   A Pts     Romania         3   2   0   1   5   5  6     Switzerland     3   1   1   1   5   4  4     United States   3   1   1   1   3   3  4     Colombia        3   1   0   2   4   5  3     Group B (Final)                     P   W   D   L   F   A  Pts     Brazil          3   2   1   0   6   1   7     Sweden          3   1   2   0   6   4   5     Russia          3   1   0   2   7   6   3     Cameroon        3   0   1   2   3  11   1     more 
Police arrested 200 BJP activists, including several party leaders, in Jammu after they defied prohibitory orders clamped on the state's winter capital, PTI said.
LOS ANGELES, California, June 29 (AFP)  World Cup goalscorers after Wednesday's games: 6: Oleg Salenko (Russia) 4: Jurgen Klinsmann (Germany) 3: Gabriel Batistuta (Argentina), Martin Dahlin (Sweden), Romario (Brazil) 2: Fuad Amin Anwar (S Arabia), Georges Bregy (Switzerland), Jose Luis Caminero (Spain), Claudio Caniggia (Argentina), Luis Garcia (Mexico), Andoni Goikoetxea (Spain), Gheorghe Hagi (Romania), Hong Myung-Bo (South Korea), Florin Raducioiu (Romania), Hristo Stoichkov (Bulgaria), Adolfo Valencia (Colombia) 1: Philippe Albert (Belgium), John Aldridge (Ireland), Sami Al Jaber (S Arabia), Daniel Amokachi (Nigeria), Emmanuel Amunike (Nigeria), Kennet Andersson (Sweden), Dino Baggio (Italy), Bebeto (Brazil), Dennis Bergkamp (Holland), Daniel Borimirov (Bulgaria), Tomas Brolin (Sweden), Mohamed Chaouch (Morocco), Stephane Chapuisat (Switzerland), Marc Degryse (Belgium), David Embe (Cameroon), Herman Gaviria (Colombia), Josep Guardiola (Spain), Ray Houghton (Republic of Ireland), Hwang Sun-hong (South Korea), Wim Jonk (Holland), Adrian Knup (Switzerland), Yordan Letchkov (Bulgaria), Roger Ljung (Sweden), Harold Lozano (Colombia), Diego Maradona (Argentina), Roger Milla (Cameroon), Hassan Nader (Morocco), Francois Omam-Biyik (Cameroon), Saeed Owairan (Saudi Arabia), Dan Petrescu (Romania), Dimitri Radchenko (Russia), Rai (Brazil), Kjetil Rekdal (Norway), Karlheinz Riedle (Germany), Brian Roy (Holland), Julio Salinas (Spain), Erwin Sanchez (Bolivia), Marcio Santos (Brazil), Seo Jung-Won (South Korea), Samson Siasia (Nigeria), Ernie Stewart (USA), Alain Sutter (Switzerland), Gaston Taument (Holland), Eric Wynalda (USA), Rashidi Yekini (Nigeria) Own goal: Andres Escobar (Colombia) bdb94 
Both Charles and Bird had called for postponing the summit until after the September 6 general election in Barbados but were opposed by the other regional leaders.
Three of the delegates -- Denis Inyang, Oladapo Fafowara, and Pascal Bafyau -- were among 96 figures chosen by the government to represent states at the meeting, which adjourned Tuesday just a day after it opened.
Abiola was arrested after he proclaimed himself president on the anniversary of the June 12 presidential election annulled by the military regime, which he is widely believed to have won.
The meeting adjourned for two weeks Tuesday after delegates said they needed more time to examine the agenda.
Since being appointed to the Zagreb post a year ago, Galbraith has made three visits to Vukovar, which was destroyed in November 1991 by the former Yugoslav army after a three-month siege.
China was the first country to recognise the Burmese military regime after it came to power in a bloody coup d'etat in 1988, and it has been criticized for supplying weapons to Burma.
Shortly before starting the talks, Murayama addressed a meeting of jubilant LDP members after embracing Kono in the parliament building in central Tokyo.
"We can still just about afford to pay our fines to FIFA now," joked Irish Football Association president Michael Hyland, a swipe at fines imposed by world soccer's governing body after coach Jack Charlton and John Aldridge argued with officials.
Day of hard labour for South Africa  HOVE, England, June 29 (AFP)  South Africa endured a day of hard labour after Sussex won the toss and chose to bat at the start of the three-day match here on Wednesday.
Following Lenham's dismissal after tea, Sussex lost Peter Moores and Carlos Remy cheaply but Paul Jarvis provided some late entertainment by thumping six fours in his unbeaten 32.
Belgium, who had already qualified after beating Morocco and Holland, must now wait to see who their opponents are in the complicated qualifying procedures for third-best teams.
Bergkamp opened the score in the 42nd minute but two minutes after the re-start Hassan Nader rammed in the equaliser.
The vote -- after 15 hours of debate -- ended a 20-month effort by the British administration to beef up Hong Kong's political institutions ahead of the colony's July 1997 handback to China.
The start of the high-speed Eurostar service through the undersea link will be put back after it failed to win the go-ahead from the project's intergovernmental safety commission, said the managing director of SNCF French railways, Jean-Francois Benard.
Eurotunnel, the operator and franchise-holder of the new link between Britain and France, said shortly after the announcement that the start of the Eurostar service would be delayed that the problem concerned only the three railroad companies.
The 50-kilometre (30-mile) tunnel project has been beset by delays and financial wrangling, including a now resolved battle over extra costs claimed by the contractors, who eventually finished the project six months after the scheduled June 15 1993 handover date.
Delays in delivery of rolling stock then forced the start of freight shuttle services to be put back from March 1994 to May 19 -- 13 days after Britain's Queen Elizabeth II and French President Francois Mitterrand officially inaugurated the link.
Ekeus will arrive in Bagdad Monday for the talks ahead of the UN's review of the sanctions imposed against Iraq after the invasion of Kuwait, UN spokesman Tim Trevan said.
Vladoiu was sent off in the 74th minute against Switzerland after a brutal tackle on Chjristophe Ohrel.
LOS ANGELES, California, June 29 (AFP)  World Cup second round fixtures after Wednesday's last first round matches in Group F: July 2 (Chicago): Germany v 3rd in Group B or F July 5 (New York): Mexico v 2nd in Group D Winners to meet in quarter-finals in New York July 2 (Washington): Switzerland v Spain July 5 (Boston): Winner Group D v Italy or 3rd in Group F Winners to meet in quarter-finals in Boston in (The winners of these first two quarter-finals play each other in the semi-finals in New York) July 4 (Orlando): Holland v Rep of Ireland July 4 (San Francisco): Brazil v USA Winners to meet in quarter-finals in Dallas July 3 (Los Angeles): Romania v Italy or 3rd in Group D July 3 (Dallas): Saudia Arabia v Sweden Winners to meet in quarter-finals in San Francisco (The winners of these quarter-finals play each other in the semi- finals in Los Angeles) Last qualifiers known after Thursday's closing first round matches in Group D (Argentina v Bulgaria, Greece v Nigeria) str94rw 
Problems mounted after that, however.
Gooden was arrested and charged with battery and resisting arest with violence after a policeman stopped his car in Florida.
Australia crush Malaysia 6-0  AMSTERDAM, June 29 (AFP)  Australia charged to top of the table after crushing Malaysia 6-0 in the Seven Nations Trophy hockey tournament here on Wednesday.
Prince Charles has been separated from Princess Diana since December 1992, after years of press speculation about their marriage, triggering suggestions that this would make his ascension problematic.
1966 and all that for Saudis  WASHINGTON, June 29 (AFP)  Saudi Arabia, 500-1 bets before kicking off their first World Cup, are following in the footsteps of 1966 sensations North Korea after reaching the second round on Tuesday.
Their coach, the Argentinian Jorge Solari who took over in Feburary with a contract that expires after the finals, said: "We are very proud.
Belgium should have equalised after 26 minutes but the disappointing Marc Wilmots, one of four changes as coach Paul van Himst rested key men, miskicked hopelessly when unmarked in front of goal.
Wilmots was the guilty party again after 40 minutes when Enzo Scifo's chip sent him in behind the defence but he put the ball straight into the goalkeeper's arms.
(WASHINGTON) With no hint of an equaliser Belgium sent on Croatian-born striker Josip Weber for Wilmots after 53 minutes.
The fighting flared in defiance of a one-month ceasefire which took effect on June 10, after talks led by UN special envoy for Yugoslavia, Yasushi Akashi.
LOS ANGELES, California, June 29 (AFP)  Full World Cup Group F results after Tuesday's games: GROUP F June 19 (Orlando) Belgium 1 (Degryse 10) Morocco 0.
The unnamed women from near Manchester, northwest England, decided to have a child after they started living together.
                    Forex-Euro-Japan,lead                     500 words moved                     by Heather Prentice     CAIRO:          PLO chairman Yasser Arafat will return to the                     Gaza Strip at the weekend for the first time                     in 27 years after winning limited self-rule                     for the Palestinians in May, his advisor says.
                    Korea-nuclear-US,                     500 words around 2115 GMT                     by Karen Lowe     PARIS:          Debt-ridden tycoon and left-wing politician                     Bernard Tapie is charged with tax evasion                     and embezzlement after a spectacular dawn                     police raid on his chic Paris mansion.
The Princess of Wales decided last November to go to court for the first time after the Daily Mirror published pictures taken by one of the club's owners, Bryce Taylor, who photographed the princess by placing a hidden camera in the gym.
Her lawyers said Tuesday she was dropping her suit against LA Fitness plc, the company which owns the gym premises, after it issued a statement regretting the incident and explained Taylor had acted "without authorisation."
Taylor resigned after the photo scandal broke.
The former president said the United States should restore diplomatic and trade relations with North Korea after Kim has fulfilled his commitment to freeze North Korea's nuclear program, allow inspections and abide by its commitments under the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT).
Thick black smoke drifted over the city, blocking out the summer sun, after northern warplanes bombed and set ablaze the oil refinery 18 kilometers (11 miles) to the west, where rival troops also battled on the ground.
The north has tightened its strangehold on Aden in a bid to stamp out what it sees as a rebellion, after the south declared the independent Yemen Democratic Republic on May 21.
The civil war erupted on May 5, four years after the former conservative North and the Marxist South were merged in an uneasy union.
Kantor said US officials were pressing ahead with negotiations on thorny trade disputes with Japan, but held out little hope that they would be resolved in the near future after socialist Tomiichi Murayama was elected to succeed former prime minister Tsutomu Hata.
Washington and Tokyo resumed the stalled talks earlier this month after a three-month suspension.
Two days after Samper's June 19 victory, the Colombian daily El Tiempo published transcripts from a taped telephone conversation in which a leader of the Cali cocaine cartel is heard agreeing to provide millions of dollars for his campaign.
   News agenda for Thursday, June 30     TOKYO:     Follow up after election of new PM     HONG KONG: Follow up on Legco vote     LONDON:    German Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel visits     GOMA, Zaire: French general Jean-Claude Lafourcade and                chief of UN force in Kigali, Romeo Dallaire,                meet to discuss followup to French intervention                in Rwanda.
Yachting, beach volleyball venues in doubt  SAVANNAH, Georgia, June 29 (AFP)  Officials here fear this Atlantic coastal city will lose Olympic yachting and beach volleyball events after a company planning to build marina and housing facilities quit the 35 million-dollar project.
The game sold out just two hours after seats went on sale.
URGENT  DALLAS, Texas, June 29 (AFP)  FIFA, football's governing body, said Wednesday a World Cup player had tested positive after a drugs test.
The government is keeping a keen watch on negotiations after demanding a tight round of public sector pay rises this year, and is determined rail bosses should not cave into union demands.
"It's a very sad day for Hong Kong," Lau, visibly upset, told reporters after the early-morning result.
She blamed the bill's failure to pass on fellow democrats who opted to abstain -- particularly after several of its opponents had already left the chamber for home.
One man in a T-shirt and jeans was removed from the public gallery by security guards when the vote result was announced, after he shouted a one-syllable protest in Chinese at the outcome.
Maradona at centre of drugs rumours  DALLAS, Texas, June 29 (AFP)  Diego Maradona, Argentina's World Cup captain, was at the centre of speculation on Wednesday after FIFA, football's governing body, said a player had tested positive for drugs.
He played his first World Cup in 1982, won the Cup in 1986 and cried after losing the 1990 final to Germany.
In 1978, when the finals were held in Argentina, Scottish winger Willie Johnston was sent home in disgrace after taking an illegal drug for medicinal purposes.
Kantor said US officials were pressing ahead with negotiations on thorny trade disputes with Japan, but held out little hope that they would be resolved in the near future after Murayama, a socialist, was elected to succeed former prime minister Tsutomu Hata.
Washington and Tokyo resumed the stalled talks earlier this month after a three-month suspension.
(new series) Hong Kong woos Beijing after lawmakers embrace Patten reforms by Robert MacPherson  HONG KONG, June 30 (AFP)  Hong Kong looked to Beijing on Thursday for a final three years of cooperation before the territory's return to China, after legislators sitting in a marathon session voted to accept the last part of Governor Chris Patten's controversial democratic reforms.
But after 20 months of shrill attacks, Beijing suggested earlier this month it was ready to work harder on other aspects of the handover, including financing arrangements for Hong Kong's mammoth new airport.
Patten has long argued that only his system can guarantee human rights and the rule of law after 1997.
"That would have meant that we would have absolutely no hope of ever implementing the Joint Declaration," the 1984 Sino-British treaty that guarantees Hong Kong its capitalist lifestyle and a "high degree of autonomy" for 50 years after 1997, he said.
A long-shot bid by independent Emily Lau for all 60 council seats to be filled by direct election in 1995 failed to pass by a one-vote margin, after several conservatives who would have voted against it left for home towards the end of the debate.
Lights go out on Sacchi  MARTINSVILLE, New Jersey, June 29 (AFP)  Arrigo Sacchi conducted an hour-long press conference in darkness on Wednesday after a violent thunderstorm caused a power cut at Italy's training base here.
The greenback slipped further against the yen overnight, hitting a record post World War II low of 98.60 yen in London, after news of the election of Tomiichi Murayama as Japan's first socialist premier in 47 years.
reopens (DALLAS) Maradona and a substitute, Sergio Vazquez, were understood to have been tested after the match with Greece.
FIFA reported there were no positive tests after the first nine games.
URGENT  DALLAS, Texas, June 29 (AFP)  Diego Maradona tested positive for the banned drug ephedrine after Argentina's World Cup match against Nigeria on Saturday, an Argentine Football Association source said Wednesday.
reopens (DALLAS) FIFA, football's governing body, announced that a World Cup player had tested positive after a drugs test, but did not name the player or the drug.
The Argentine superstar returned to competition in 1993 after serving a 15-month ban for cocaine use while with Italian club Napoli.
reopens (DALLAS) Argentina's training session at the Cotton Bowl stadium had failed to get underway 50 minutes after the planned start as reporters and tv crews milled around, although Maradona appeared relaxed and waved at reporters.
US Ambassador Madeleine Albright said after the vote that any ceasefire mechanism should be handled by neighboring states for financial and other reasons.
The Argentine superstar returned to competition in 1992 after serving a 15-month ban for cocaine use while with Italian club Napoli.
However, Argentina's training session at the Cotton Bowl stadium was called off after 50 minutes with reporters and tv crews milling around.
He played his first World Cup in 1982, won the Cup in 1986 and cried after losing the 1990 final to Germany.
Anyone returning after deportation can be jailed immediately.
Maradona's career on the brink by Angus MacKinnon  DALLAS, Texas, June 29 (AFP)  Diego Maradona's football career was on the brink of ruin on Wednesday after he failed a drugs test at the World Cup.
The blow came days after Maradona, 33, had astounded critics here with his fitness and apparent determination to regain the respect of the world.
He officially retired after being sacked by Sevilla last season and his spell with Newell's Old Boys lasted a derisory five months and seven days.
The season after his Mexican triumph, Maradona guided Napoli to their first Italian league title.
By that time he had been dropped from the national side after a brief comeback in the spring of 1993.
Dutch do it without their masters  ORLANDO, Florida, June 29 (AFP)  Holland's new generation of players scrambled through to the second round of the World Cup on Wednesday after coach Dick Advocaat dispensed with the last member of their famous trio of the 1980s.
But they will be without tough midfielder Jan Wouters, suspended after his second booking.
Ireland must fancy their chances after beating beat the Dutch 1-0 in a friendly in Holland in April.
Bergkamp opened the score for the Dutch in the 42nd minute when he pounced on a loose ball and slammed it home after Peter van Vossen's determined run past two defenders into the left-hand side of the Moroccan penalty area.
Two minutes after the re-start Hassan Nader rammed in Morocco's equaliser.
Earlier, Arafat's visit to the self-rule areas had been postponed from mid-June until mid-July, after PLO officials complained that international donors had been late in sending financial aid for autonomy.
In 1986 the Spanish player Ramon Caldere was suspended for one match after a Mexican doctor prescribed a medicine for diaorrhea which contained a banned drug.
The PLO chairman's star had been waning after he tilted toward Iraqi President Saddam Hussein following the August 1990 invasion of Kuwait, and the oil-rich Gulf states cut the financial lifeline to the PLO.
US Ambassador Madeleine Albright said after the vote that any ceasefire mechanism should be handled by neighboring states for financial and other reasons.
"We looked for him night after night," said Baruch Abras, a police agent.
Nearly six months after the attack on Nancy Kerrigan, Harding is expected to learn her fate Thursday for her involvement in injuring her main rival for a US Olympic berth.
Last year he took charge of a party badly shaken and divided by the loss of almost half of its parliamentary seats after the party's poor showing in elections last July, and neutralised the left wing of the party while still managing to avoid a split.
The SDP chairman, who promised "politics for the people" after being elected by the Japanese parliament on Wednesday, heads a party with strong anti-nuclear convictions and one that also has close links with communist North Korea.
Japanese officials were admitting as much hours after the election.
The Brazilians arrived on Wednesday afternoon after a trip to Detroit, where they drew Sweden 1-1 in the Silverdome in their final Group B match.
Optimism Beijing will not overthrow Patten's democracy package: press  LONDON, June 30 (AFP)  Optimism is growing Beijing will not overturn Hongkong's modest democracy reforms voted in Thursday by a narrow margin, after the territory reverts to Chinese rule in 1997, British press reports suggested.
But after 20 months of shrill attacks, Beijing suggested earlier this month it was ready to work harder on other aspects of the handover, including financing arrangements for Hong Kong's mammoth new airport.
Poland was likely to grow by 4.0 percent this year for the second year running and should achieve at least a 3.0 percent rate in 1995, when the Czech Republic could be growing by 5.0 percent after a positive 1994 rate of 2.0 percent.
The NIS, accounted for mainly by Russia, recorded a sharp turnround in their current account balance last year, reporting a slight surplus after a 4.0 billion dollar deficit in 1992.
Maradona's future hangs in balance by Erskine McCullough and Enrique Vidal  DALLAS, Texas, June 29 (AFP)  Diego Maradona's footballing future will be decided by a four-man committee of FIFA officials on Thursday after Argentina's World Cup captain failed a drugs test.
Maradona, tested after last Saturday's 2-1 win over Nigeria, will be cleared if he can convince Canedo he was only taking the nasal decongestant for a cold.
The Argentine superstar returned to competition in 1992 after serving a 15-month ban for cocaine use while with Italian club Napoli.
Argentina's training session at the Cotton Bowl stadium here was called off after 50 minutes with reporters and tv crews milling around although Maradona appeared relaxed and waved at reporters.
He played his first World Cup in 1982, won the Cup in 1986 and wept after losing the 1990 final to Germany.
In 1986 the Spanish player Ramon Caldere was suspended for one match after a Mexican doctor prescribed a medicine for diaorrhea which contained a banned drug.
In 1978, when the finals were held in Argentina, Scottish winger Willie Johnston was sent home in disgrace after taking a pep pill.
The security services said two of the injured were in  serious condition and that many of those hurt had been trampled in the panic  that erupted as thousands sought to flee after the explosions.
The start of the high-speed Eurostar service through the  undersea link was delayed after it failed to win the go-ahead from the  project's intergovernmental safety commission, said the managing director of  French railways, Jean-Francois Benard.
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) said Japanese output should grow by 0.75 percent in calendar 1994 after stagnating in 1993 at 0.1 percent.
The report said the business sector continues adjusting after the excesses of the "bubble economy period," with private investment now 15 percent below the 1991 peak level.
This further boost to intra-regional trade could keep the "Dragons'" combined current account balance broadly unchanged after last year's rise to a surplus of just over 4 billion dollars.
African leaders see CFA devaluation as mixed blessing by Laurent Chevallier  LIBREVILLE, June 30 (AFP)  Six months after the central African franc (CFA) was devalued by 50 percent, the leaders of 14 African countries and their international creditors see it as a mixed blessing.
Maradona's future will now be decided by a FIFA committee after Argentine Football Association president Julio Grondona revealed he had tested positive for ephedrine.
Maradona, who made a comeback after a 15-month ban for cocaine use, failed a drugs test after Argentina beat Nigeria 2-1 last week.
Belgium, who had already qualified after beating Morocco and Holland, must wait to see who their opponents are in a qualifying procedure complicated by Maradona's drugs test.
Romania ejected Ion Vladoiu after a fight with an assistant coach.
The forward had already been banned for three matches for being sent off after a brutal tackle on Switzerland's Christophe Ohrel.
A FIFA official said three or four other members of FIFA's executive committee would also sit on the panel which will take a vote after hearing the evidence.
Maradona, who served a 15-month ban for cocaine use in 1991-92, tested positive for the commonly used decongestant ephedrine after Saturday's 2-1 victory over Nigeria.
Between 1947 and 1952, he studied at Dusseldorf's Academy of Arts after being inspired by the work of Wilhelm Lehmbruck, a minor artist the Nazi regime had labelled "decadent."
Many of Beuy's major efforts, which won him Wilhelm Lehmbruck prize and the Thorn-Prikker medal of honour, figure in the Paris exhibition that French Minister for Culture Jacques Toubon will open, revealing the artist to the French public eight years after his death in Dusseldorf.
China says it will scrap Hong Kong's political system in 1997  HONG KONG, June 30 (AFP)  China vowed Thursday to dismantle Hong Kong's political system after the territory's Legislative Council approved Governor Chris Patten's controversial democratic reforms.
In a separate article, the semi-official Hong Kong branch of China News Service said that the British colony's three tiers of governing councils would be "short lived," adding that "the councils must be reorganised after July 1, 1997."
The Chinese responses came after the Legislative Council voted 32-24 to adopt Patten's electoral reform proposals early Thursday.
In 1986 Caldere's positive test came after he missed their opening game against Brazil because of diaorrhea but he was allowed to play on because he had been under treatment for illness.
Weizsaecker bows out as president, Herzog era begins by Christophe Beaudufe  BONN, June 30 (AFP)  Richard von Weizsaecker bows out as German president on Friday after a decade spent investing the largely ceremonial post with at least moral authority.
Weizsaecker steps down after fulfilling his maximum constitutional mandate of two five-year terms Roman Herzog, elected to the post on May 23 by an electoral college, will begin his period of office Friday.
Residents of Jalgaon, 250 kilometres (150 miles) from Bombay, staged a protest strike in the town on Wednesday after the police probe indicated the involvement of some influential politicians, UNI said.
Takemura, 59, formed the new party after defecting from the LDP last July to join Hata's coalition.
However, after Arafat caught everyone cold with Wednesday's dramatic news that he was coming at the weekend, few people were prepared to bet on exactly what his itinerary would be.
Asia ponders gains, losses in dollar, yen crisis by Tim Cribb  HONG KONG, June 30 (AFP)  Asian economies are weighing up the gains and the losses after the yen's surge against the US dollar, looking for greater Japanese investment and more competitive exports but bracing for higher inflation and slower economic recovery.
China's response came immediately after the 32-24 Legislative Council vote.
Who in China will make decisions about Hong Kong after paramount leader Deng Xiaoping dies, Miller asked, reflecting a widespread belief here that when the 89-year-old Chinese leader dies, China will break up, like the Soviet Union.
Patten said of the approval of his reform package, "without in any sense denying China's sovereignty after 1997 there is no reason why the arrangements that we are putting in place should be dismantled."
Television and radio stations interrupted their programming Wednesday to flash Argentine Football Association (AFA) president Julio Grondona's confirmation in Dallas, Texas, that Maradona, 34, had tested positive for the banned drug ephedrine after Argentina's 2-1 victory over Nigeria on Saturday.
Turkish Foreign Minister Hikmet Cetin said shortly after the speech that any peace initiative for the disputed enclave of Nagorno- Karabakh, where a six-year war has raged between Armenian separatists and Azerbaijani government forces, will have to be worked out through the Conference for Security and Cooperation in Europe (CSCE).
The agreement came after Kozyrev held a series of private and joint meetings Wednesday with Yemen Foreign Minister Mohammad Bassandawa and Salem Salah Mohammed, a representative from the breakaway Democratic Republic of Yemen.
The conflict there broke out after the south declared its independence again on May 21 and several attempts at mediation, notably by the Arab League, have so far failed to resolve it.
Relations between New Delhi and Moscow soured after Russia was forced, under pressure from the United States, to backtrack on its commitment to sell rocket boosters and know-how to India under a contract negotiated in 1990 between the Soviet Union and India.
The visit of the Indian premier came after Yeltsin travelled to New Delhi in January 1993.
The interview came after the Syrian government daily Tishrin accused Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin of trying to scupper the peace process by warning of a possible war.
1989 poll shows Chinese at odds with communist party by Philippe Massonnet  BEIJING, June 30 (AFP)  Five years after the Tiananmen Square massacre, China's Academy of Social Sciences has published for the first time results of a 1989 survey clearly illustrating the political divorce between the Chinese people and the communist party.
Relations between New Delhi and Moscow soured after Russia was forced, under pressure from the United States, to backtrack on its commitment to sell rocket boosters and related technology to India under a contract negotiated in 1990 between the Soviet Union and India.
The visit of the Indian premier came after Yeltsin travelled to New Delhi in January 1993.
"It is necessary for Japan to play a more imporant role in the international community to achieve global peace and prosperity," Kono told a news conference after being appointed by the new socialist Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama.
The 57-year-old LDP leader, who once worked for what is now the huge trading house of Marubeni Corp., became party leader after the LDP lost power in July last year for the first time in four decades.
"For the time being, I want to tackle imminent problems such as tax reforms and budget issues," the leader of the small New Party Sakigake told a news conference shortly after his appointment by Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama.
"We need to pay very close attention to the foreign exchange market to stabilise foreign exchange rates," he said after the dollar plunged to new lows against the yen in overnight trading following Murayama's election.
The 20,000 workers at Daewoo Sbuilding and Heavy Machinery Ltd., South Korea's second-biggest shipyard after Hyundai Heavy Industries Co., decided to strike from Friday unless the management agreed to increase wages.
Police used batons and tear gas in central Dhaka to beat back militant fundamentalists after they hurled bombs at police, injuring one, witnesses said.
Security forces fanned out across Dhaka after overnight bomb attacks on two publications left six people injured.
One of its editors is in jail and three others have been released on bail after being charged on grounds similar to Nasreen.
Meanwhile Yasser Arafat was expected to arrive Saturday in the Gaza Strip in a triumphant return to his people after 27 years in exile.
All governing councils arising out of the reforms will be dismantled and replaced, Foreign Ministry spokesman Shen Guofang said, hours after the Hong Kong Legislative Council adopted the last part of Patten's electoral reform bill.
At the same time, Shen welcomed a Sino-British agreement reached Thursday -- after seven years of haggling -- on the disposal of valuable British military lands in Hong Kong.
"For the time being, I want to tackle imminent problems such as tax reforms and budget issues," the leader of the small New Party Sakigake told a news conference shortly after his appointment by Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama.
"We need to pay very close attention to the foreign exchange market to stabilise foreign exchange rates," he said after the dollar had plunged to new lows against the yen in overnight trading following Murayama's election.
The commission gave its interpretation after Greek Prime Minister Andreas Papandreou, speaking late on Wednesday, had welcomed the finding of the court in an interim ruling barring temporary measures, saying that "justice has been done".
However, Papandreou, commenting in Corfu late on Wednesday, had said that the court had "supported the opinion that the embargo is legal" and that "I am particularly happy that Greece has been justified after all the disapproval" of it.
The small gain in value against the greenback came after a seven-point fall on Wednesday which had taken the ruble to a record low price and close to the 2,000 point.
In London, Enterprise Oil shares recovered from earlier losses, to add one pence to 383 after the company had bought 9.8 percent of Lasmo in the market on Wednesday.
"We need to pay very close attention to the foreign exchange market to stabilise foreign exchange rates," he said after the dollar plunged to new lows against the yen in overnight trading after Murayama's election by parliament.
The 57-year-old LDP leader, became party leader after the LDP lost power in July last year for the first time in 38 years.
Military officials said northern troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh were just outside the suburb of Dar Saad on Thursday morning after heavy fighting overnight.
Dar Saad is virtually deserted as residents have fled the suburb in recent days after it suffered sustained shelling and rocket fire.
But in Moscow the two sides were said to be close to signing a ceasefire later Thursday after talks with Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev, the ITAR-TASS agency reported.
The news came only hours after the UN Security Council adopted a second resolution calling for an immediate ceasefire and the start of talks.
But US Ambassador Madeleine Albright said after the vote that any ceasefire mechanism should be handled by neighboring states for financial and other reasons.
"It is a major premise that we follow the constitution rigorously, and will never move towards becoming a military power," Tamazawa told reporters hours after being appointed by Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama.
The LDP, the largest single party in parliament, returned to power after almost a year's absence.
Dozens of other villages in northern Ardabil were also isolated, after 10 to 70 centimeters (four to 28 inches) of snow covered the ground.
                    EU-Greece-Macedonia,lead                     changing dateline                     500 words around 1200 GMT                     by Alain Navarro     MOSCOW:         Russia and India sign a key political                     pact and the leaders of both states say                     prospects for relations that soured after                     the breakup of the Soviet Union again                     look bright.
It also expects to spend four billion dollars (517.46 million US) on upgrading a naval base and military hospital for use by the People's Liberation Army after China takes back Hong Kong in July 1997, it added.
The figures were given to legislators by Chief Secretary Anson Chan after the Sino-British Joint Liaison Group ended its latest round of talks by winding up the complex military lands issue after seven years of haggling.
"It is, I believe, a helpful omen for the future," chief British negotiator Hugh Davies said of the pact, which emerged several hours after the Legislative Council -- ignoring China's protests -- adopted the final stage of Governor Chris Patten's democratic reform bill.
Fourteen others will be reserved for the People's Liberation Army (PLA) for its use after 1997, including the Stonecutters Island naval base in Victoria Harbour.
Thursday's pact, to be formalized shortly by an exchange of diplomatic notes, does not deal with how many troops the PLA will put in Hong Kong after 1997 -- a decision Guo called "China's internal affair."
However, after Arafat caught everyone cold with Wednesday's dramatic news that he was coming at the weekend, few people were prepared to bet on exactly what his itinerary would be.
Rao hails "bright" future as Russia, India sign pact By Christopher Boian  MOSCOW, June 30 (AFP)  Russia and India pledged jointly Thursday to oppose ethnic and religious strife and to rebuild former close ties damaged after the collapse of the Soviet Union.
"There is no disagreement between Russia and India on any issue," President Boris Yeltsin said after he and Indian Premier P.V. Narasimha Rao signed a joint declaration on "the Defense of the Interests of Multinational States."
Phone taps said Tapie planned trip to Rwanda  PARIS, June 30 (AFP)  A judge ordered the dawn arrest of debt-ridden tycoon and maverick politician Bernard Tapie after a telephone tap that led her to believe he planned to flee to Rwanda, reports said Thursday.
Joly learned of the plan after ordering a telephone tap on his sumptuous mansion on the Paris Left Bank, judicial sources said.
They tried to go inside the chamber after learning that parliament had approved part of the project, amounting to 4.2 billion US dollars.
"For the time being, I want to tackle imminent problems such as tax reforms and budget issues," the leader of the small New Party Sakigake told a news conference shortly after his appointment by Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama.
But at the same time, it showed new flexibility in relations with Britain by agreeing, after seven years of haggling, on a plan to dispose of valuable military lands before Hong Kong's 1997 handback to China.
Speaking at a weekly press briefing, only hours after the Hong Kong Legislative Council adopted the final part of Patten's electoral reform bill, Foreign Ministry spokesman Shen Guofang said all governing councils arising out of the reforms will be dismantled and replaced come 1997.
On Beijing's threat to scrap his reforms, the governor replied: "Without in any sense denying China's sovereignty after 1997, there is no reason why the arrangements that we are putting in place should be dismantled."
Fourteen others will be reserved for the People's Liberation Army (PLA) for its use after 1997, including the Stonecutters Island naval base in Victoria Harbour which is to be expanded to better accomodate blue-water warships.
Thursday's pact, to be formalized shortly by an exchange of diplomatic notes, does not deal with how many troops the PLA will put in Hong Kong after 1997 -- a decision Guo called "China's internal affair."
Israel's chief Sephardic rabbi Bakshi Doron urged Arafat to put the visit back after news that it would start Saturday, the Jewish day of rest, and "hurts the feelings of religious Jews."
The sabbath last from sunset Friday to after sunset Saturday.
Cape Town begins clean-up after oil disaster  CAPE TOWN, June 30 (AFP)  South African authorities Thursday began cleaning up the seas off Cape Town as a massive oil slick from a sunken Hong Kong-based ore carrier caused South Africa's worst environmental disaster.
One man dies after attack on Algiers demonstration  ALGIERS, June 30 (AFP)  One man injured in an attack on a pro-democracy demonstration has died while another is still seriously ill in hospital, Algerian security forces said Thursday.
Rabah Chabane, 43, died Wednesday in hospital after the attack when two bombs exploded on tree-lined road on the protestors' route The demonstration had been called to demand a proper inquiry into the assassination two years ago of Algerian president Mohamed Boudiaf.
The report on the fighting came after the first contingent of a 2,000-strong Russian peacekeeping force arrived last week and began taking positions along the Inguri river.
Fighting broke out between Abkazian forces and Georgian government troops in August 1992, one month after the Abkhazian parliament declared sovereignty.
Georgia lost Abkazhia 13 months later after a bloody war that left between 3,000 to 10,000 dead and sparked a wave of close to 250,000 Georgian refugees.
The talks resumed earlier this month after a three-month suspension, aimed at cutting Japan's 60-billion dollar trade surplus with the United States.
In a statement issued after a board meeting, Eurotunnel recalled that arbitration had been set in hand to revise some aspects of the contract covering the use of networks.
But his wife appeared very distant and only looked at her husband once when he was taken back to his cell after his brief appearance.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Shen Guofang said hours after the council vote that the life of all levels of Hong Kong government "ends on June 30, 1997."
The Hong Kong government expects to make nearly 8.5 billion US dollars from the agreement handing over some of the land to the administration, according to chief secretary Anson Chan after the Sino-British Joint Liaison Group ended seven years of frustrating talks.
Patten and his advisors say there is no reason why the system they are putting in place after 1997 should be changed.
The talks resumed earlier this month after a three-month suspension, aimed at cutting Japan's 60-billion-dollar trade surplus with the United States.
Military officials said northern troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh were just outside the suburb of Dar Saad on Thursday morning after heavy fighting overnight, with one unit less than a kilometre away.
Dar Saad is virtually deserted as residents have fled the suburb in recent days after it suffered sustained shelling and rocket fire.
The news from Moscow came only hours after the UN Security Council adopted a second resolution calling for an immediate ceasefire and the start of talks amid increasing concern for the plight of the residents.
The ICRC has warned the city is on the edge of a "catastrophe" if water supplies are not restored soon to the city's 500,000 residents, after the station was reported destroyed.
US Ambassador Madeleine Albright said after the vote that any ceasefire mechanism should be handled by neighboring states for financial and other reasons.
North and South Yemen were reunited in 1990 and the current conflict there broke out after the south, an ally of the former Soviet Union, again declared its independence on May 21.
Now 50, Tanaka emerged with fanfare on the Japanese political scene only a year ago, elected to the lower house after a single month of campaigning.
England captain Mike Atherton, 28 not out at the break, would have been keenly disappointed after having won the toss to earn his side first use of a hard, fast pitch.
An Israeli army spokesman said all the warplanes had returned safely to their bases after "hitting their targets" in Djabel Safi and Djabel Rafia.
The French move followed a day after the German securities repurchase rate was lowered by 0.04 percent to 4.96 percent.
Russian President Boris Yeltsin, in a message of congratulations to the representatives, said he hoped "this first step will be followed by others" to end the Yemeni conflict which erupted after the south, an ally of the ex-Soviet Union, declared independence on May 21.
Greek papers were euphoric, with the pro-government Ta Nea daily calling the decision a "smack in the face for Delors and company," -- a reference to Jacques Delors, head of the European Commission, the executive body of the European Union, which sought the judgement after mediation attempts failed.
Prime Minister Andreas Papandreou set the tone late Wednesday after the ruling was announced, saying: "Finally good news.
Arafat will meet Mubarak for lunch in the Montazah palace in the coastal city of Alexandria before flying to Sinai's al-Arish province, Shaath said after after meeting with Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Mussa.
Arafat made a clandestine trip to Israel as well as Gaza and the West Bank after those territories were captured in the 1967 war.
Israel's chief Sephardic rabbi Bakshi Doron urged Arafat to put the visit back after news that it would start Saturday, the Jewish day of rest, and "hurts the feelings of religious Jews."
The sabbath last from sunset Friday to after sunset Saturday.
Now 50, Tanaka burst on to the Japanese political scene with a fanfare only a year ago, elected to the lower house after a single month of campaigning.
(picture) Thai pro-democracy hunger-striker accepts medical care  BANGKOK, June 30 (AFP)  Pro-democracy hunger-striker Chalard Vorachat was given emergency medical care Thursday after doctors declared his condition had seriously deteriorated.
Television news showed Chalard sipping through a straw and with an intravenous drip in his arm some 36 hours after he said he would refuse even to drink water to pursue his "fast-to-the-death."
The gunfight started after activists snatched rifles from police trying to stop them looting, police said.
Police used batons and tear gas in central Dhaka, besides using heated coloured water spray to beat back militant fundamentalists after they hurled bombs at police, injuring one, witnesses said.
Security forces fanned out across Dhaka after overnight bomb attacks on two publications left six workers injured.
But the central bank aims to keep it below four percent after controlling it at 3.4 percent last year, officials said.
"It will help our own efforts to reach a peaceful resolution in the Mideast in general," ITAR-TASS news agency quoted Kozyrev as saying after the agreement was signed by Bassandawa and Mohammed.
North and South Yemen were reunited in 1990 and the current conflict there broke out after the south, an ally of the former Soviet Union, again declared its independence on May 21.
The ceasefire accord came a day after the UN Security Council called for an end to hostilities in Yemen and mandated UN Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali to pursue contacts with both sides with a view to a ceasefire.
Milestones in the life of PLO leader Yasser Arafat  PARIS, June 30 (AFP)  The life of PLO leader Yasser Arafat, preparing to make his triumphant return to the Gaza Strip on Saturday after 27 years in exile, reads like a history of the Palestinian struggle for an independent homeland.
- June 1967: Following defeat in the Six-Day War, Arafat reappears after two years in hiding with the nom de guerre Abu Ammar.
- September 1970: Chased out of Amman after thousands of Palestinians are massacred in Black September in Jordan, Arafat sets up the PLO's headquarters in Beirut.
- September 22, 1978: He is strongly criticised by PLO members after meeting with Jordan's King Hussein for the first time in eight years.
- September 13, 1993: Historic handshake with his old enemy Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin in Washington after signing the Declaration of Principles on autonomy for the Gaza Strip and Jericho.
Meanwhile, Yasser Arafat was expected to arrive Saturday in the Gaza Strip in a triumphant return to his people after 27 years in exile.
Murayama named a three-party cabinet in which the Liberal Democartic Party, kicked out of office last year after 38 years in power, got 13 of the cabinet posts inlcuding the position of foreign minister and deputy prime minister, which went to LDP president Yohei Kono.
Takeshi Nagano, the chairman of mining giant Mitsubushi Materials Corp., who is also head of the Japan Federation of Employers Associations, praised Murayama for forming the new cabinet in less than 24 hours after his election.
The NDF issued a call in March to block forced repatriation of all Burmese refugees, shortly after the Thai military returned 25,000 Cambodian refugees without international supervision.
Iran offers respite to 540,000 Afghan refugees facing repatriation  TEHRAN, June 30 (AFP)  Iranian authorities decided Thursday to offer a reprieve to 540,000 Afghan refugees who face repatriation after the expiry of their residence permits in early July.
Speaking at a weekly press briefing, only  hours after the Hong Kong Legislative Council adopted the final part of  Patten's electoral reform bill, Foreign Ministry spokesman Shen Guofang said  all governing councils arising out of the reforms will be dismantled and  replaced come 1997.
It also expects to spend four billion dollars (517.46 million  US) on upgrading a naval base and military hospital for use by the People's  Liberation Army after China takes back Hong Kong in July 1997, it added.
(AFP)     MOSCOW: Russia and India pledged jointly to oppose ethnic and religious  strife and to rebuild former close ties damaged after the collapse of the  Soviet Union.
The move came after President Rafael  Caldera ordered Monday the government to take control over the currency and  prices, and suspended individual and economic constitutional guarantees in an  effort to stem a mounting financial crisis.
Greek papers were euphoric, with the  pro-government Ta Nea daily calling the decision a "smack in the face for  Delors and company," -- a reference to Jacques Delors, head of the European  Commission, the executive body of the European Union, which sought the  judgement after mediation attempts failed.
Voter registration makes slow progress ahead of Mozambique polls  MAPUTO, June 30 (AFP)  Voter registration has not begun in some areas under the control of Mozambique's former rebel RENAMO movement, a month after the start of a registration campaign for elections due in October, election officials said here Thursday.
Iran offers respite to 540,000 Afghan refugees facing repatriation  TEHRAN, June 30 (AFP)  Iranian authorities decided Thursday to offer a reprieve to 540,000 Afghan refugees who face repatriation after the expiry of their residence permits in early July.
In 1992 and 1993 Turkey was the fourth most visited Mediterranean country, after France, Spain and Italy but ahead of Greece.
Factory orders jump 0.6 percent in May  WASHINGTON, June 30 (AFP)  Orders to US factories jumped 0.6 percent in May, after a revised rise of 0.2 percent in April, the Commerce Department said Thursday.
The personal savings rate, after taxes, increased to 4.7 percent of earnings in May, compared with 3.9 percent in April.
Disposable income increased 1.2 percent in May after remaining unchanged in April.
Belgium, Germany, Ireland, Italy and Luxembourg have said they will open their insurance markets within a few days or weeks after they have promulgated new national insurance laws.
reopens (LONDON) The 37-year-old fourth-seed, making her last appearance at the Championships, appeared to go off the boil after a superb start against the world's top-ranked doubles player who, like Navratilova, lives in Aspen, Colorado.
She broke the nine-times champion again on a seventh break point to go 4-2 clear after a gruelling game of eight deuces and then held a set point in the ninth game.
The news from Moscow came only hours after the UN Security Council adopted a second resolution calling for an immediate ceasefire and the start of talks, amid increasing concern for the plight of the residents.
The ICRC has warned that the city is on the verge of a "catastrophe" if water supplies are not restored soon to the city's 500,000 residents, after the pumping station was reported destroyed.
Dengi Segni said the killing of Tutsi people at the hands of the Hutu majority government forces and militia "appears to have been programmed," as the massacres began only half an hour after the death of Rwandan President Juvenal Habyarimana in a suspicious plane crash on April 6.
Last week the federal high court ordered the government to produce Abiola in court after the wife of the detained politician, Kudiratu Olayinka Abiola, filed a suit aimed at securing her husband's release.
Pro-democracy activists, including the leading dissident Beko Ransome- Kuti who was released on bail Tuesday after being charged with sedition, also attended the hearing.
Jericho prepares for Arafat surprise by Nejla Sammakia  JERICHO, West Bank, June 30 (AFP)  Palestinians in Jericho overcame their initial disappointment at news that PLO chief Yasser Arafat will return first to Gaza to cheer reports that he intends to visit them after all.
"I wouldn't be surprised if he actually started by Jericho after all," said Naim Yaghi, owner of a theater in Jericho.
Wearing ties, once enforced in government offices as a sign of elegance, all but went out of fashion after the 1979 Islamic revolution which toppled the pro-Western shah.
Clark flew to Florida, armed with the contract for Roy to sign, only to find he had been whisked away by Dutch officials after scoring the winning goal in their final group game against Morocco on Wednesday.
One family succeeded in renting out a room in their house for 500 dollars a night, while another couple moved out of their flat to stay with relatives after letting it to a foreign television crew for 800 dollars for four days.
The Dow Jones index of 30 leading industrials was up 2.59 points at 3,669.64 shortly after the session opened on the New York Stock Exchange.
"I believe that we can reach a breakthrough," Murayama told reporters hours after appointing his cabinet.
Degni Segui said the killing of Tutsi people at the hands of the mainly-Hutu government forces and militia "appears to have been programmed," as the massacres began only half an hour after the death of Rwandan president Juvenal Habyarimana in a suspicious plane crash on April 6.
In Jerusalem, an Arafat advisor said the PLO chairman would arrive before sundown after a request from the Israeli chief rabbi to respect the Jewish sabbath.
For Arafat, whichever way he goes, it will be the first time he has set foot in mandate Palestine since a clandestine trip just after the territories were captured in the 1967 war.
Most people reamained indoors even after the strike ended, although some vehicles were seen on the roads.
Police used batons and tear gas in central Dhaka, besides using hot coloured water spray to beat back militant fundamentalists after they hurled bombs at police, injuring one officer, witnesses said.
One of the editors of the daily is in jail and three others have been released on bail after being charged on grounds similar to Nasreen.
Dollar crashes to new record low at 98.40 yen  LONDON, June 30 (AFP)  The dollar crashed to a new all-time low against the Japanese currency at 98.40 yen Thursday afternoon, slumping from an overnight record low of 98.50 after registering 98.80 yen at the London close on Wednesday.
Studs on Saudi flag bring official protest  BANGKOK, June 30 (AFP)  A Thai biscuit company has sparked an official protest from Saudi Arabia after using packaging featuring a footballer whose boot is within a millimetre of the Islamic emblem on the Saudi flag.
The news from Moscow came only hours after the UN Security Council adopted a second resolution calling for an immediate ceasefire and the start of talks, amid increasing concern for the plight of the residents.
The ICRC has warned that the city is on the verge of a "catastrophe" if water supplies are not restored soon to the city's 500,000 residents, after the pumping station was reported destroyed.
It was Germany's first win of the series but proved little more than a training run against a South African outfit that has much to learn after years of sporting isolation.
The Germans tightened up their defence for a while, but a deliberate foul by fullback Charles Teversham in front of goal just after half time resulted in Sven Meinhardt converting a penalty stroke.
In addition to his knee problems, the star complained of dizzy spells after being hit on the back of the helmet off a rising delivery by West Indies team mate Curtly Ambrose of Northamptonshire a week ago.
They surrendered after "realising the true situation in the country and understanding the junta's goodwill activities for them," the radio added.
The ABSDF was set up in the jungle near the Thai border by Burmese pro-democracy students who fled Rangoon and other cities after the present ruling military regime took power in a bloody September 1988 coup.
Protests force change to Li's Austria programme  VIENNA, June 30 (AFP)  Li Peng's Austrian itinerary was changed Thursday after concerted protests by politicians and human rights groups against the Chinese premier's visit, officials said.
Hashimoto's remarks came minutes after the dollar plummeted to a new all-time low of 98.40 yen in London.
 reopens (DALLAS) Maradona, who served a 15-month ban for cocaine use in 1991-92, tested positive for the banned substance after Saturday's 2-1 victory over Nigeria.
Stunned Nigeria attack Argentina after drug bust  BOSTON, Massachusetts, June 30 (AFP)  Nigerian football officials demanded harsh punishment for Diego Maradona after learning that he used the banned drug ephedrine when he led Argentina to victory against them here.
He said he would not await a ruling from FIFA, who are meeting on Thursday to consider their course of action after Maradona failed a random drug test following Argentina's 2-1 win over Nigeria in Group D on Saturday.
"The team is involved with drugs all through," he said in a sharp attack on Argentina, the two-times world champions who have emerged as one of the favourites after a 4-0 win over Greece and the defeat of Nigeria.
Maradona returned to competition in 1992 after serving a 15-month ban for cocaine use while with Italian club Napoli.
Claudio Caniggia, who has only recently returned after a 13-month ban for cocaine use, scored both Argentina's goals against Nigeria.
Ozawa offers to resign after coalition loses power  TOKYO, June 30 (AFP)  Ichiro Ozawa, the powerful figure behind the Japanese coalition government which has just lost power, offered to resign Thursday, news report said.
At 1515 GMT, the greenback slumped to 98.40 yen, falling through an overnight low of 98.50 in Asia after registering 98.80 yen at the London close on Wednesday.
I just look after my team.
"Death to Rabin" they chanted, after the premier warned of Jewish extremist attempts to provoke Arab-Israeli violence in the holy city.
The first protests came after the opposition appealed for a massive show of strength on Saturday night to defend Jerusalem, even though Arafat is not expected to try to visit the holy city.
Degni Segui said the killing of Tutsi people at the hands of the mainly-Hutu government forces and militia "appears to have been programmed," as the massacres began only half an hour after the death of Rwandan president Juvenal Habyarimana in a suspicious plane crash on April 6.
"I have a mandate, I have promises from 20 countries which have expressed their wish to participate in the UN mission in Rwanda, but I don't see either men or equipment arriving," Dallaire said, after holding talks with French officials in Goma.
Senegal, the Congo and Togo last week withdrew their UN troops from Rwanda after their forces were treatened by the RPF after they announced support for the French intervention.
The legislation passed Tuesday threatens to put Ukraine and Crimea back on a collision course after a crisis over Crimea's secessionist ambitions was barely averted in May.
Leader of the Corleonese clan, named after the village of Corleone near Palermo where he lived, Riina took over the leadership of the Sicilian Mafia and unleashed a war to eliminate the heads of other families.
"The group is resolutely European and all its members are committed to the federal option," he told a press conference after a meeting to form the alliance.
Police raided Tapie's home in Paris early Wednesday after the French National Assembly lifted his parliamentary immunity.
Agnelli sees Fiat profitable this year, after big 1993 losses  TURIN, Italy, June 30 (AFP)  Italy's big Fiat Group, socked by heavy losses last year, expects to return to profitability this year, Fiat chairman Giovanni Agnelli told correspondents during a stockholders' annual meeting in Turin on Thursday.
"I believe that we can reach a breakthrough," Murayama told reporters hours after appointing his cabinet.
Wednesday sign midfielder  SHEFFIELD, England, June 30 (AFP)  English Premiership club Sheffield Wednesday signed midfielder Ian Taylor from Port Vale on Thursday, just hours after selling England international Carlton Palmer to Leeds for 2.6 million pounds.
State TV directors resign en masse after government criticism  ROME, June 30 (AFP)  The board of directors of Italy's state-owned RAI television network resigned en masse on Thursday after coming under fire from the new conservative government of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.
Segui said the slaughter "appears to have been programmed," as the massacres began only half an hour after the death of Rwandan president Juvenal Habyarimana in a suspicious plane crash on April 6.
But the dollar did better against the German mark, standing in late afternoon at 1.5855 marks against 1.5840 Wednesday evening, after a drop on Monday took it down to 1.5750, its lowest level against the mark in 14 months.
Television news had already rocked the nation on Wednesday by revealing that their hero had tested positive for the banned substance ephedrine after Saturay's 2-1 win over Nigeria.
The team captain had been back in the World Cup after picking up a 15-month ban for cocaine use in 1991.
Many believe the whole affair is simply a plot, designed to destabilise the national team after their successful start to the tournament.
New Zealand close scoreboard  MANCHESTER, England, June 30 (AFP)  Scoreboard after first day of New Zealand third Test match against England at Old Trafford on Thursday: England won toss England first innings M.A. Atherton not out          96 A.J. Stewart c Pringle b Nash  24 G.A. Gooch c Young b Nash       0 R.A. Smith b Owens             13 G.A. Hick c Nash b Owens       20 C.
The shut-down came after the announcement of the national budget by the eight-month old government of Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto.
The field was discovered by Mobil in February 1975 shortly before the end of the Vietnam war but abandoned a few weeks later after the fall of the pro-American regime in Saigon.
Maradona comeback ends in tears  DALLAS, Texas, June 30 (AFP)  Diego Maradona's unbelievable comeback after three years of turmoil came to a sorry end here on Thursday when Argentina withdrew their captain from the World Cup for drug abuse.
(DALLAS) Maradona, infamous for his 'Hand of God' goal against England in 1986, had said he would not play again for his country after the 1990 final.
He agreed to return in 1993 after Colombia won 5-0 in Buenos Aires and forced them into a World Cup qualifying play-off against Australia.
Against all expectations he threw himself into a drastic get-fit programme and looked a new man when he appeared in the United States after being given a special visa because of his drugs record.
Maradona, the boy from a Buenos Aires slum who lifted the trophy in 1986, had left the field in tears after losing the 1990 final to Germany in Rome.
The Argentines kept the Australian defence under pressure after the interval, but failed to make anything of a short corner.
(picture) London, Bonn still deadlocked over commission presidency by Philippe Valat  LONDON, June 30 (AFP)  Britain and Germany remained deadlocked after a day of diplomatic activity Thursday over attempts to find a candidate for the European Union's (EU) top executive post acceptable to all 12 member states.
"We didn't find a solution," a source close to the British delegation admitted after the lunchtime meeting with Hurd, which lasted more than two hours.
And Major's Downing Street office said in a statement after his 25-minute afternoon meeting with Kinkel that the prime minister "welcomed Germany's intention to conduct further consultations."
Earlier in the day after meeting with Kinkel, Hurd told journalists there was a "reasonable chance" agreement would be reached on an acceptable candidate within the specified timeframe.
The news from Moscow came only hours after the UN Security Council adopted a second resolution calling for an immediate ceasefire and the start of talks.
Joined Spanish club Barcelona after finals.
Quit after less than one season.
Meanwhile, the PLO's information office in Cairo said Arafat would arrive at the Rafah border crossing, on the Egyptian border with the Gaza Strip, at 2:30 p.m. (1130 GMT) on Friday, after leaving Cairo at 1:30 p.m. (1030 GMT).
Arafat's top advisor Nabil Shaath said the PLO leader would also visit the autonomous Jericho area in the West Bank after Gaza.
Beginning shortly after 9 a.m. (1600 GMT), the proceedings, which are expected to last several days, revolved around testimony from Michele Kestler, assistant director of the Los Angeles Police Department crime lab.
Defense lawyers filed a motion Wednesday to suppress evidence gathered at Simpson's house hours after police began investigating the murder.
Dozens of people lined up outside the building after 12:30 a.m. (730 GMT) hoping to get seats for the hearing.
EuroDisney lost 2.9 percent on the day, and Eurotunnel 2.6 percent after announcing another delay in passenger traffic in the cross-Channel tunnel.
I just look after my team.
The sprinter is being widely tipped to take Saturday's prologue, enabling him to become only the second Englishman ever to wear the legendary leader's yellow jersey; after Tom Simpson managed it in 1962.
The rebels are reported to have fled into dense bushland after setting houses and farms alight.
"After Martina won I told her I was rooting for her to win the 10th title," said Fernandez, who is still on target to retain the women's doubles title with Natalia Zevereva of Belarus after reaching the semi-finals.
Five banned substances, all ephedrine-related, were found in Maradona's urine sample after last Saturday's 2-1 win over Nigeria qualified Argentina for the second round.
The 33-year-old Maradona had thrown himself into a desperate battle to get fit for this tournament after his latest club, Newell's Old Boys, had sacked him for not training.
He had vowed after leaving the Olympic stadium in Rome following the 1990 final defeat to Germany he would never play for Argentina again.
But he had been persuaded to return after Colombia won 5-0 in Buenos Aires in a World Cup qualifying game in 1993 to force the double world champions to play off against Australia.
Maradona, plagued by injury and banned for cocaine use for 15 months in 1991-92, is unlikely to play ever again after using an over-the- counter medicine for the common cold.
Rumours of drug-taking also surrounded the triumphant 1954 German team after their stunning 3-2 upset of hot favourites Hungary in the final in Berne.
Argentina won the 1978 tournament, beating Holland 3-1 in the final after extra time.
Traces of the banned substance fencamfamin were found after he took Reactivan decongestant tablets.
In 1986 Caldere's positive test came after the Barcelona midfield player missed their opening game against Brazil because of diaorrhea.
"It will help our own efforts to reach a peaceful resolution in the Mideast in general," ITAR-TASS news agency quoted Kozyrev as saying after the agreement was signed by Bassandawa and Mohammed.
The current conflict in Yemen broke out after the south again declared its independence on May 21.
However the main strong point of Thursday's agreement, obtained in record time after talks began Wednesday night, was that both sides actually signed it.
3: In view of the decision FIFA will make a ruling on the disciplinary aspects of the case after the World Cup.
Dogged Atherton frustrates Kiwis  MANCHESTER, England, June 30 (AFP)  A dogged innings by captain Mike Atherton frustrated New Zealand after the tourists had threatened to rip England apart here on Thursday.
But Atherton departed to a warm reception, unbeaten after six hours of steely determination and just four runs away from a century.
But after 46 minutes and with 37 runs on the board, he paid the penalty for over-confidence.
Meanwhile, Irish striker Tony Cascarino is hoping to be given the go- ahead to return to full training at the weekend after a scan on his torn calf muscle.
But these were the only amendments on which the CDU, the little Liberal party and the opposition Social Democrats (SPD) could agree, four years after Germany's reunification and at the end of two- and-a-half years of work in committee to update and modernise the constitution.
Reports earlier Thursday said Joly had ordered the raid after the taps led her to believe Tapie planned to flee to Rwanda.
"I was knackered physically and mentally after the US Open."
It was his first visit to the Jack Nicklaus-designed lay-out, and after turning in 34, he sparked into life with the only eagle of the day at the 549-yard 10th.
Cassells, 25, who has missed nine half-way cuts in 16 tournaments this season, was hoping just to break par when he set out after lunch, but produced the second-best round of his four-year tour career to move alongside Ballesteros.
"Death to Rabin" they chanted, after the premier warned of Jewish extremist attempts to provoke Arab-Israeli violence in the holy city.
The first protests came after the opposition appealed for a massive show of strength on Saturday night to defend Jerusalem, even though Arafat is not expected to try to visit the holy city.
Another happy man was Paul Lissek, the German coach, after his team had notched their first victory, a 4-0 win over South Africa.
Championship leaders Surrey clawed their way back into the contest against Durham after their batting had been demolished at Darlington.
The PLO's information office in Cairo said Arafat would arrive at the Rafah border crossing, on the Egyptian border with the Gaza Strip, at 2:30 p.m. (1130 GMT) on Friday, after leaving Cairo at 1:30 p.m. (1030 GMT).
Arafat's top advisor Nabil Shaath said the PLO leader would also visit the autonomous Jericho area in the West Bank after Gaza.
Two senior PLO officials in Tunis said Thursday Arafat could leave "definitively" for the autonomous territories on July 9, or even immediately after he returned from Paris, which he will visit on July 6.
"You have got to be Robocop to do this job," Parreira said after damning criticism was heaped on him by the press.
Romario levelled just after the break, but their performance was not the stuff of legends.
URGENT  COLORADO SPRINGS, Colorado, June 30 (AFP)  The US Figure Skating Association on Thursday pulled Tonya Harding's 1994 national championship title, which she won after an attack on Nancy Kerrigan.
But in 1989, after almost 15 years in prison, they were acquitted on appeal.
Harding stripped of title  COLORADO SPRINGS, Colorado, June 30 (AFP)  The US Figure Skating Association Thursday banned Tonya Harding from US competitions for life and pulled the 1994 national championship she won after an attack on Nancy Kerrigan.
Dozens of people lined up outside the building after 12:30 a.m. (730 GMT) hoping to get seats for the hearing, but there was room for only 10 members of the public.
Dollar mixed gold jumps  NEW YORK, June 30 (AFP)  The dollar continued its slide against the yen Thuor4by but was mixed against other currencies after Washington postponed action aimed at opening Japanese markets to foreign goods and services.
At about 5:00 p.m. (2100 GMT), the dollar was quoted at 98.47 yen from 98.75 Wednesday, after briefly hitting a new low of 98.40 yen.
Rockets slam into Aden 20 minutes after ceasefire takes effect  ADEN, Yemen, July 1 (AFP)  Northern and southern Yemeni forces fought on here early Friday despite the entry into force of a Russian-brokered ceasefire at 2100 GMT Thursday, correspondents said.
A volley of Katyusha rockets slammed into this southern stronghold 20 minutes after the truce was to take effect.
Residents of the western suburb of Mansoura, contacted by telephone, said several shells had fallen on their neighborhood after the ceasefire was to have taken effect.
Gunbattles had erupted in that region after the April 6 death of president Cyprien Ntaryamira, who was killed along with Rwandan president Juvenal Habyarimana in a suspicious plane crash at Kigali airport.
The Russian coach, Pavel Sadyrin, said Yuran had been dismissed after missing their training session on Wednesday, 24 hours after the 6-1 thrashing of Cameroon in their last Group B game.
Yuran, 25, came to the finals as Russia's chief goalscoring threat but was dropped after the 2-0 defeat by Brazil in their opening game.
Yuran was also in trouble with his club, Benfica, last season when he was suspended for a week after refusing to be a substitute.
Unlike the others, who stuck to their guns, Yuran finally agreed to come to the US after having his arm twisted by the Russian federation.
(new series) Rockets slam into Aden 20 minutes after ceasefire takes effect by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, Yemen, July 1 (AFP)  Northern and southern Yemeni forces fought on here early Friday despite the entry into force of a Russian-brokered ceasefire at 2100 GMT Thursday, witnesses said.
A volley of Katyusha rockets slammed into this southern stronghold 20 minutes after the truce was to take effect.
Residents of the western suburb of Mansoura, contacted by telephone, said several shells had fallen on their neighborhood after the ceasefire was to have taken effect.
Asylum-seekers in Cuba end occupation of Belgian mission  HAVANA, June 30 (AFP)  Seventy Cubans occupying the Belgian ambassador's residence left the compound after a monthlong standoff involving the largest of three groups of asylum-seekers, officials said Thursday.
   News agenda for Friday, July 1     GAZA STRIP:  PLO chief Yasser Arafat is to arrive after                  talks in Cairo with Egyptian President Hosni                  Mubarak.
"It's finished for me," said the Argentina captain who was suspended from football until his case is reviewed after the World Cup.
The Argentine Football Association withdrew the 33-year-old after he failed a drugs test for ephedrine.
URGENT  TOKYO, July 1 (AFP)  The dollar plunged to hit a new all-time low of 98.15 yen shortly after the opening here Friday.
Officials said the administration decided to sign the treaty, which takes effect in November, after amendments were made to take into account US objetions to provisions related to seabed mining.
Argentina scoreless against Bulgaria at half-time  DALLAS, Texas, June 30 (AFP)  Argentina, recovering from the shock of the expulsion from the World Cup earlier in the day of Diego Maradona after he tested positive for drugs, were tied 0-0 at half-time with Bulgaria here on Thursday.
Caniggia went off after 20 minutes to be replaced by Ariel Ortega.
Argentina scoreless against Bulgaria at half-time  DALLAS, Texas, June 30 (AFP)  Argentina, recovering from the shock of the expulsion from the World Cup earlier in the day of Diego Maradona after he tested positive for drugs, were tied 0-0 at half-time with Bulgaria here on Thursday.
Caniggia went off after 20 minutes to be replaced by Ariel Ortega.
Dollar hits new low of 98.15 yen in Tokyo  TOKYO, July 1 (AFP)  The dollar plunged to a new all-time low of 98.15 yen shortly after the opening here Friday, following US moves to postpone trade retaliatory measures against Japan.
Finidi rattled the bar after 21 minutes with a powerful drive from the edge of the area.
Amunike, who made the scoring pass to Finidi, almost scored himself after 26 minutes when he played a well-timed one-two with midfielder Daniel Amokachi but shot wide from the left of goal.
Greece were attempting to leave the World Cup with some pride, and pushed hard into attack, pressuring a corner after 11 minutes.
Argentina scoreless against Bulgaria at half-time  DALLAS, Texas, June 30 (AFP)  Argentina, recovering from the shock of the expulsion from the World Cup earlier in the day of Diego Maradona after he tested positive for drugs, were tied 0-0 at half-time with Bulgaria here on Thursday.
Caniggia went off after 20 minutes to be replaced by Ariel Ortega.
Estrogen is normally given to women to avert brittle bones or heart problems that often occur after menopause, a treatment known as estrogen replacement therapy.
Nigeria to face Italy  BOSTON, Massachusetts, June 30 (AFP)  Nigeria set themselves up for a second round meeting with Italy in Boston next Tuesday after beating Greece 2-0 here on Thursday to top Group D.
Finidi, the 23-year-old Ajax midfielder, also rattled the bar after 21 minutes with a powerful drive from the edge of the penalty area.
They return home after being the only team to lose all three games and fail to score a goal.
Argentina defeat sets up Nigeria-Italy clash  LOS ANGELES, June 30 (AFP)  Argentina will play Romania in the World Cup second round after losing 2-0 to 10-man Bulgaria in Dallas on Thursday.
Argentina were without the banned Diego Maradona in a World Cup game for the first time since 1978 and Claudio Caniggia had to go off after only 20 minutes with a toe injury.
LOS ANGELES, California, June 30 (AFP)  World Cup second round fixtures after Thursday's last first round matches in Group D: July 2 (Chicago): Germany v Belgium July 5 (New York): Mexico v Bulgaria Winners to meet in quarter-finals in New York July 2 (Washington): Switzerland v Spain July 5 (Boston): Nigeria v Italy Winners to meet in quarter-finals in Boston in (The winners of these first two quarter-finals play each other in the semi-finals in New York) July 3 (Los Angeles): Romania v Argentina July 3 (Dallas): Saudia Arabia v Sweden Winners to meet in quarter-finals in San Francisco July 4 (Orlando): Holland v Rep of Ireland July 4 (San Francisco): Brazil v USA Winners to meet in quarter-finals in Dallas (The winners of these quarter-finals play each other in the semi- finals in Los Angeles) rw94 
Hundreds of foreign medical specialists, mostly from Russia, Bulgaria and India, left Yemen after the civil war broke out on May 5 between forces loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh and those of his southern rival Ali Salem al-Baid.
He even provided live commentary on World Cup soccer matches after installing himself on police frequencies.
Nigeria to face Italy by Charles Whelan  BOSTON, Massachusetts, June 30 (AFP)  Nigeria's Super Eagles left the best till last in beating Greece 2-0 here Thursday to set up a second round meeting with Italy after topping World Cup Group D.
Greece return home after conceding 10 goals in three matches and scoring none, the worst record in the World Cup.
Midfielder Panagiotis Tsalouchidis was left totally alone in front of goal after 52 minutes, but the Olympiakos midfielder wasted his chance to equalise.
(BOSTON) It looked to be only a matter of time before they equalised, a richly deserved first World Cup goal after 4-0 humiliations at the hands of Argentina and a Bulgaria.
Finidi rattled the bar after 21 minutes of the first half with a powerful drive from the edge of the area.
Leonardo Rodriguez, taking over as playmaker from Maradona, found himself being tightly shadowed by Zlatko Yankov, and in the end he was pulled off midway through the second half after failing to ignite the Argentinian attack which was badly misfiring.
The conference was organized after a campaign was launched earlier this year by the Greek Church against satanic cults involved in a bizzare murder case.
In December, 117 GATT member countries reached a major agreement on reducing barriers to trade after seven years of negotiations, known as the Uruguay Round.
    LOS ANGELES, California, June 30 (AFP) - Final World Cup first-round  standings after Thursday's matches:     Group A                     P   W   D   L   F   A Pts     Romania         3   2   0   1   5   5  6     Switzerland     3   1   1   1   5   4  4     United States   3   1   1   1   3   3  4     Colombia        3   1   0   2   4   5  3     (Romania, Switzerland, USA qualify)     Group B                     P   W   D   L   F   A  Pts     Brazil          3   2   1   0   6   1   7     Sweden          3   1   2   0   6   4   5     Russia          3   1   0   2   7   6   3     Cameroon        3   0   1   2   3  11   1     (Brazil, Sweden qualify)     more 
Mohammad Raouf Arafat al-Koudwa, who was to become Yasser Arafat, was last in Khan Younes in 1967, when he paid a secret visit just after the Arab-Israeli war in June of that year.
His father -- a merchant -- had left the village for Cairo, where Arafat was raised, before coming home to die here after losing a long real-estate court battle in the Egyptian capital.
LOS ANGELES, California, June 30 (AFP)  World Cup goalscorers after Thursday's games: 6: Oleg Salenko (Russia) 4: Jurgen Klinsmann (Germany) 3: Gabriel Batistuta (Argentina), Martin Dahlin (Sweden), Romario (Brazil), Hristo Stoichkov (Bulgaria) 2: Fuad Amin Anwar (S Arabia), Daniel Amokachi (Nigeria), Georges Bregy (Switzerland), Jose Luis Caminero (Spain), Claudio Caniggia (Argentina), Luis Garcia (Mexico), Andoni Goikoetxea (Spain), Gheorghe Hagi (Romania), Hong Myung-Bo (South Korea),  Florin Raducioiu (Romania),  Adolfo Valencia (Colombia) 1: Philippe Albert (Belgium), John Aldridge (Ireland), Sami Al Jaber (S Arabia),  Emmanuel Amunike (Nigeria), Kennet Andersson (Sweden), Dino Baggio (Italy), Bebeto (Brazil), Dennis Bergkamp (Holland), Daniel Borimirov (Bulgaria), Tomas Brolin (Sweden), Mohamed Chaouch (Morocco), Stephane Chapuisat (Switzerland), Marc Degryse (Belgium), David Embe (Cameroon), George Finidi (Nigeria), Herman Gaviria (Colombia), Josep Guardiola (Spain), Ray Houghton (Republic of Ireland), Hwang Sun-hong (South Korea), Wim Jonk (Holland), Adrian Knup (Switzerland), Yordan Letchkov (Bulgaria), Roger Ljung (Sweden), Harold Lozano (Colombia), Diego Maradona (Argentina), Roger Milla (Cameroon), Hassan Nader (Morocco), Francois Omam-Biyik (Cameroon), Saeed Owairan (Saudi Arabia), Dan Petrescu (Romania), Dimitri Radchenko (Russia), Rai (Brazil), Kjetil Rekdal (Norway), Karlheinz Riedle (Germany), Brian Roy (Holland), Julio Salinas (Spain), Erwin Sanchez (Bolivia), Marcio Santos (Brazil), Seo Jung-Won (South Korea), Samson Siasia (Nigeria), Nasko Sirakov (Bulgaria), Ernie Stewart (USA), Alain Sutter (Switzerland), Gaston Taument (Holland), Eric Wynalda (USA), Rashidi Yekini (Nigeria) Own goal: Andres Escobar (Colombia) bdb94 
The agency, monitored here by the BBC, said the centers would shut down Friday after a 30-year-period of providing compulsory treatment for alcoholics.
A health ministry official said the patients should be given follow-up treatment after their release.
Honecker shocks Germans from beyond the grave with memoirs by Valerie Leroux  BERLIN, July 1 (AFP)  A month after his death, former East German leader Erich Honecker pulled off a final coup from beyond the grave as his memoirs were published Thursday, replete with potential embarrassment for Bonn.
Having come to power in 1982, Kohl made his first official visit to the East in December 1989, after Honecker was toppled.
He left for Santiago de Chile with his wife Margot after the trial was stopped on health grounds as the extent of Honecker's liver cancer became apparent.
At 10:30 a.m. (0130 GMT), the US currency was quoted at 97.90 yen, after briefly hitting 97.83 yen.
A majority of the tunes are expected to be delisted after a screening in July by a special panel, including broadcasters and music critics, the state advisory commission said Wednesday.
The announcement was made the day after the capitalist South and the communist North agreed to hold a historic summit in Pyongyang on July 25-27 with the hope of ending a half century of Cold War division.
It will be the first major step to ease the ban since some 500 songs were set free in 1987 and 1988 after president Chun Doo-Hwan's exit from power led to sweeping reforms.
A volley of Katyusha  rockets slammed into this southern stronghold 20 minutes after the truce was  to take effect.
Rene Degni Segui said the killing of Tutsi people at  the hands of the mainly-Hutu government forces and militia "appears to have  been programmed," as the massacres began only half an hour after the death of  Rwandan president Juvenal Habyarimana in a suspicious plane crash on April 6.
Marsinah's body was found May 8, 1993, four days after she took part with co-workers in a protest at the plant for higher wages.
Argentina had never lost to Bulgaria and when Tzanko Tzvetanov was sent off just after Hristo Stoichkov had opened the score the odds were on Argentina rallying for a draw.
The forward, who scored twice against Nigeria, had to go off after only 20 minutes with a toe injury.
Malaysia, a victim of the last yen surge in the second half of the 1980s, took steps to diversify its sources of foreign borrowing after the yen almost doubled in value between 1985 and 1987.
And Argentinian coach Alfio Basile had no doubts that the absence of their superstar played a major role in their shock defeat "The players' spirits were really low after what happened to Maradona.
Leonardo Rodriguez, taking over as playmaker from Maradona, found himself being tightly shadowed by Zlatko Yankov, and in the end he was pulled off midway through the second half after failing to ignite the Argentinian attack which was badly misfiring.
Caniggia left the match after less than half an hour with a toe injury.
For the 1990-1993 period, Europe was the second largest foreign investor in the Philippines, accounting for 23 percent of the total after Japan's 39 percent share, it added.
China cracks down on CD piracy  BEIJING, July 1 (AFP)  China announced the results of a major crackdown on compact disc piracy Friday, one day after the United States launched an investigation into Chinese violations of intellectual property rights.
The provision calls for a six-month investigation, with a possible 90-day extension, after which sanctions can be imposed.
Police seize Tamil rebel van-bomb in Colombo  COLOMBO, July 1 (AFP)  Sri Lankan police have discovered yet another attempt by Tamil guerrillas to cause mayhem in the capital after they seized a vehicle packed with explosives in the city on Thursday night, officials said.
World Cup statistics  LOS ANGELES, California, June 30 (AFP)  World Cup statistics after the first round: Attendances Group A: 497,541 (average 82,924) Group B: 472,080 (78,680) Group C: 364,020 (60,670) Group D: 332,230 (55,372) Group E: 392,573 (65,429) Group F: 361,653 (60,276) Total (after 36 of 52 matches): 2,420,097 (1,620,107 at same stage of 1990 finals in Italy.
Biggest win: Russia 6 Cameroon 1 (Group B) Top-scoring team: Russia 7 Leading scorer: Oleg Salenko (Russia) 6 Best individual performance: Salenko 5 v Cameroon (World Cup record) Penalties: 9 (all converted) Sendings-off after first round: 8 (8 in 1990) Bookings: 147 (97 in 1990)  (LOS ANGELES) Countries eliminated after first round: Colombia (Group A), Russia and Cameroon (B), South Korea and Bolivia (C), Greece (D), Norway (E), Morocco (F) str94 
"I never took any substance that has drugs in it," said the 33-year- old who earlier in the day was expelled from the World Cup after failing a dope test.
The random test was conducted after the Argentina-Nigeria match on Saturday and Maradona, who has played like a new man in this World Cup, was found to have five banned drugs in his system.
The Argentinian Football Association withdrew him from the tournament and FIFA, the sport's ruling body, banned him from any football worldwide until they set up a special disciplinary hearing after the World Cup.
The 33-year-old Maradona had thrown himself into a desperate battle to get fit for this tournament after his latest club, Newell's Old Boys, had sacked him for not training.
He had vowed after leaving the Olympic stadium in Rome following the 1990 final defeat to Germany he would never play for Argentina again.
But he had been persuaded to return after Colombia won 5-0 in Buenos Aires in a World Cup qualifier that forced the double world champions into a play off against Australia.
You never know what might happen after the World Cup," said a represenative of one major international sportswear company.
