Gold demand rises in major Pacific Rim developing markets  SINGAPORE, June 1 (AFP)  Gold demand in major developing markets in the Pacific Rim rose 10 percent to a record 98.4 tonnes during the first quarter over the same quarter last year, the World Gold Council said Wednesday.
The rise in consumption reflected growing interest in gold bars for investment as a haven for stock maket profits and brisk jewellery demand during the Lunar New Year and Moslem fasting month.
Taiwanese consumption rose 11 percent to 41 tonnes from 36.9 tonnes during the same period.
Twelve Israeli officials, including Uzi Netanel, the chairman of the Israel Export Institute, are to meet with Thai Board of Investment representatives and businessmen during their three-day visit, the official said.
Bottini said the data showed underlying business investment, a key element to sustained economic growth, was negative during the quarter.
Talks had been held at the weekend in Kampala between officials from SAA, Uganda Airlines and Tanzania Airways during which all parties committed themselves to launching AJAS as a "succesful and profitable joint international airline."
Wives are off limits for Bolivians  LA PAZ, June 1 (AFP)  Bolivia's World Cup players will be able to see their wives only occasionally during their United States campaign.
They agreed to cooperate with the UN in evacuating civilians and other humanitarian operations during their first face-to-face meeting at UN headquarters Monday.
Israeli troops wound 16 Palestinian protestors  RAMALLAH, West Bank, June 1 (AFP)  Israeli soldiers shot and wounded 16 Palestinians, four seriously, during clashes ignited by the killing of two wanted Moslem fundamentalists, witnesses said.
Bolivia's World Cup players will be able to see their wives only occasionally during their United States campaign.
Israelis seek Scud missile compensation  JERUSALEM, June 1 (AFP)  A group of 502 Israelis have filed for compensation from Iraq for death, injury and damage caused by Scud missiles during the Gulf War in 1991, the Justice Ministry announced Wednesday.
Indian software exports zoom  NEW DELHI, June 1 (AFP)  India's computer software producers earned a record 17.15 billion rupees (571.6 million dollars) in sales during fiscal 1993-94, growth fuelled by an overseas push, the industry said.
Police officers will be paying special attention to road circuits travelled by the Clinton motorcade during the official visit beginning Wednesday evening and ending Saturday.
The group was arrested Monday after Bosnian Serb troops said they had discovered large amounts of foreign currency on the four Bosnians during a routine search at a Serb-manned checkpoint near Sarajevo airport, the agency reported.
The parliament was to examine the Kravchuk proposal and render its verdict later during the day.
China signs up six billion dollar's of contract in trade fair  HONG KONG, June 1 (AFP)  China signed up a total of 474 contracts worth six billion US dollars during a just-concluded trade fair here, it was reported Wednesday.
In addition, a total of 45.8 million dollars worth of goods were traded during the Hong Kong '94 China Trade and Investement Conference, which opened on May 23, and attracted business groups from 24 Chinese provinces and cities and four ministerial trade entities, the China-backed Ta Kung Pao daily said.
Indian software exports zoom  NEW DELHI, June 1 (AFP)  India's computer software producers earned a record 17.15 billion rupees (571.6 million dollars) in sales during fiscal 1993-94, growth fuelled by an overseas push, the industry said.
Muluzi to Botswana after talks with Mugabe  HARARE, June 1 (AFP)  Newly-elected Malawian President Bakili Muluzi was due to leave for Botswana on Wednesday after a brief visit to Zimbabwe during which he held talks with President Robert Mugabe.
The Australian dollar rose to 1.3531 Australian dollars to the US dollar compared to 1.3540 at the close on Tuesday after publication of figures showing that Australian gross domestic product (GDP) had risen by five percent during the year to March.
The international community has pledged 613 million dollars for the Palestinian authority during 1994, according to the Palestinian Economic Council for Development and Reconstruction (PECDAR).
Diagne died a day after commanders of the mainly Tutsi RPF and the Hutu-led army agreed to cooperate with the United Nations in evacuating civilians and other aid operations during their first face- to-face meeting on Monday.
The pope, in an unusual move, said publicly that he planned to take a firm line on a host of social issues during the Vatican meeting with Clinton, who arrives in Rome early Thursday at the start of a European tour to mark the 50th anniversary of the allied landing in France.
Speaking about the pain he endured during his recent hospitalization for a broken leg, the pope said Sunday that suffering was the only argument he could put to "the powerful people of this world" to support his views.
Other issues to be discussed by the pope and Clinton during their talks in the Vatican library, Church officials said, include the Middle East peace process, the situation in former Yugoslavia the many crises in Africa, and scourges such as AIDS and famine.
Despite the White House's lack of sympathy so far, the pope will press home an appeal he made to Clinton and the American public during a visit last August to Denver, Colorado, Vatican officials said.
However neither that, nor a private meeting between with Clinton during the pope's US tour brought the desired results.
She will have made a rapid tour of the Sistine Chapel during their talks.
Israeli troops shoot 17 Palestinian protestors  RAMALLAH, West Bank, June 1 (AFP)  Soldiers on Wednesday wounded 17 Palestinians on the West Bank during clashes ignited by Israel's killing of two wanted militants from the Islamic Resistance Movement HAMAS, witnesses said.
Snell and roughly 20 other members of the British chamber of commerce travelled to Burma early last month for an unofficial trade mission during which Snell gathered figures from primary surveys and government statistics.
Kim was scheduled during his four-day visit to hold talks with President Boris Yeltsin, Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev, Defence Minister General Pavel Grachev and Economics Minister Alexander Shokhin.
The White House is also concerned about the touchy issue of Clinton's meeting with Berlusconi, whose government includes members of a neo- fascist party, during celebrations commemorating the defeat of the Nazis.
The accident occurred on Tuesday when three parachutists were dropped from a light aircraft during a carnival at Meyers Park primary school.
Home Affairs Minister Lesao Lehohla said the policemen had been granted indemnity from prosecution for the strike, but warned that this did not extend to criminal acts committed by police during the industrial action.
ETA is believed to have killed about 750 people, including 42 military and para-military officers, during its 25-year campaign for Basque independence.
Charlton has only two goalkeepers in his squad, but in the case of severe injury during the tournament there is special dispensation to call up a replacement and West Ham reserve keeper Gary Kelly will be on standby at home.
Palm, who is president of the central bank in the state of Baden- Wurttemberg told a press conference that "a critical eye should be cast over the relatively high monetary expansion during the last two and a half years in the context of its long-term links with the money supply, growth and inflation."
He said that "the extreme overshooting" of M3 in the short term during the last few months was not normal but had to be seen in the context of hesitant behaviour by investors on capital markets.
Investors should show less hesitancy about the trend for long-term instrumnets during tthe rest of the year.
Simon Nuttall, the Far East director of the EU general directorate for external economic relations, said he was disappointed with Japan's "inability to give specific information" on the measures during two days of talks here.
Nuttall said "permanent dialogue" had already been established to deal with a whole range of bilateral trade issues and that Brussels wanted to "share its own experience of deregulation" during the process of EU market integration.
He said that, during the two-day talks, Japan's International Trade and Industry Ministry had agreed to set up a trade cooperation committee with the EU to push its so-called "Gateway to Japan" program promoting European exports.
Brisbane lost stand-off Kevin Walters and centre Steve Renouf with ankle and knee injuries during the first half.
In the telegram, the king said Khmer Rouge nominal leader Khieu Samphan had told him during Cambodian peace talks in Pyongyang on Friday that the radical faction had not been responsible for the abductions.
Taiwan drug arrests up sharply  TAIPEI, June 1 (AFP)  Police have arrested some 60,000 people during a crackdown on drug use and smuggling during the past 16 months, Justice Minister Ma Ying-jeou said here Wednesday.
Taiwanese legislators arrive for compensation talks  TOKYO, June 1 (AFP)  A group of Taiwanese legislators arrived here Wednesday for fresh talks with Japanese counterparts on the issue of unpaid salaries for people serving in the Japanese Imperial Army during World War II.
The visitors will also meet Japanese parliamentary leaders during their stay through Sunday.
A group of Japanese legislators visited Taiwan last March for talks on unpaid salaries for Taiwanese serving the Japanese military before and during World War II.
The report pointed to the widening trade deficit, which amounted to 2.52 billion dollars during the first quarter, and the reduction of foreign investment in domestic stocks for the surge.
A total of 72 of the rockets would be sent up during the crucial third stage, which would involve construction of the station itself.
(AFP)     RAMALLAH, West Bank: Soldiers wounded 17 Palestinians on the West Bank  during clashes ignited by Israel's killing of two wanted militants from the  Islamic Resistance Movement HAMAS, witnesses said.
Hussein was abducted by Israeli troops in December 1987 during an attack on the Beaufort Castle, northeast of Tyre, and taken to Israel.
Lawmakers were to reconvene later during the day to examine the new resolution drafted by the commissions.
The president was scheduled during his four-day visit to hold talks with Russian counterpart Boris Yeltsin, Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev, Defence Minister General Pavel Grachev and Economics Minister Alexander Shokhin.
Moscow was also a strong ally of the Pyongyang regime during the Cold War era.
His role during World War II is still a controversial issue in Belgrade.
The White House is concerned about the touchy issue of Clinton's meeting with Berlusconi, whose government includes members of a neo- fascist party, during celebrations commemorating the defeat of the Nazis.
Fleming said the sale should be concluded during the summer.
(changing dateline) (picture) Northern warplanes raid Aden refinery  LITTLE ADEN, Yemen, June 1 (AFP)  Two northern fighter-bombers on Wednesday wounded a dozen civilians during their first raid on Aden's vital oil refinery, a senior security official at the scene said.
Lawmakers mandated three parliamentary commissions with the task of drafting a new resolution and were to reconvene later during the day to debate the new proposals.
Countries have cut military spending by about 3.6 percent a year since the Cold War began winding down in 1987 -- freeing up some 935 billion dollars -- but social spending rose only slightly or remained static during the period, the "Human Development Report 1994" said.
South Africa's peace-keeping force to be disbanded Thursday  JOHANNESBURG, June 1 (AFP)  South Africa's controversial peace-keeping force is to be disbanded Thursday, barely six months after it was set up during the transition to democracy, Defence Minister Joe Modise said Wednesday.
Failed peace-keeping force to be disbanded  JOHANNESBURG, June 1 (AFP)  South Africa's controversial peace-keeping force is to be disbanded Thursday barely four months (eds: correct) after it was set up to keep order during the country's transition to democracy, Defence Minister Joe Modise said Wednesday.
On April 21 the NPKF was consigned to "soft duties," which included tasks like escorting delivery vans into the crime-ridden townships and protecting schools and polling stations after hours during the election.
Charges against Alzanki's 21-year-old wife, Abair, were dropped during the trial when she gave birth.
Bosnian artillery shelled Duboj, a mainly Moslem town before the war, during the afternoon, the Bosnian-Serb news agency SRNA said.
Wheaton, who is 25 on Thursday, pulled out of the Beckenham grass court tournament during Wednesday's third round match with British player Andrew Richardson.
Martin Johnson, who partnered Bath's Nigel Redman at lock for most of last season, went home with a serious concussion sustained during the 24-21 defeat at the hands of Sprinbok captain Francois Pienaar's Transvaal side at Ellis Park last Saturday.
A UN Protection Force statement said Karadzic sent a letter to UN envoy Yasushi Akashi during the day guaranteeing the withdrawal from around the eastern Bosnian enclave, in line with a NATO ultimatum.
The trip to Italy, which comes during amid a frenzy of D-Day nostalgia in Europe and the United States, has a special sentimental value for Clinton whose father was serving in Italy during the Normandy landings.
She had revealed her sexual orientation to an investigator in 1989 during a security check when she sought to become chief nurse of the National Guard in Washington, D.C. 
Bosnian artillery shelled Duboj, a mainly Moslem town before the war, during the afternoon, the Bosnian Serb news agency SRNA said.
The affable 53-year-old West Point graduate was a master planner and an experienced campaigner and diplomat, but had held mainly staff, rather than command, positions in the US Army during peace time.
MONTGOMERY: Sir Bernard Law Montgomery was the British general who was commander-in-chief of land forces during D-Day.
The "bulldog" galvanised the British public in the face of all odds, notably during the Battle of Britain in August 1940 when Royal Air Force pilots, numbering four times fewer than the Luftwaffe, destroyed 700 German planes in 10 days -- a key factor in the later success of D-Day.
Thursday's opertion was the fifth missile attack on Aden since May 21 and followed a day of heaving fighting Wednesday during which southern forces launched a counter-offensive and northern warplanes struck Aden's oil refinery for the first time.
Thursday's opertion was the fifth missile attack on Aden since May 21 and followed a day of heaving fighting Wednesday during which southern forces launched a counter-offensive and northern warplanes struck Aden's oil refinery for the first time.
A spokesman for Hezbollah in Beirut said Israeli aircraft carried out a "series of attacks and raids during the night on Hezbollah positions" but he was unable to give any immediate reports of casualties.
He said the two ministers had agreed during their talks on "certain important issues which would hopefully bear fruit," but did not elaborate.
Israel is hoping he will provide information on missing airman Ron Arad, whose plane was shot down over south Lebanon during a bombing raid in 1986.
The April riots, in which Tibetan property and offices of the government-in-exile were attacked and damaged, erupted during the Dalai Lama's US visit.
In an unusual display of presidential partisanship during a primary race, Clinton took it upon himself to show personal support for Rostenkowski.
Israel is hoping he will provide information on missing airman Ron Arad, whose plane was shot down over south Lebanon during a bombing raid in 1986.
Willis defended his May 10 budget forecast that a "crucial" lift in business investment of 14.5 percent would appear during the 12 months to June 30, 1995.
Sixteen worshippers were hurt inside the mosque when the missile struck during dawn prayers.
It followed a day of heaving fighting during which southern forces launched a counter-offensive and northern warplanes tried to attack Aden's oil refinery for the first time, in a raid which wounded 12 civilians.
After recording annual growth of about eight percent during the protectionist 1980s, industrial production fell in fiscal 1991-92 and grew a meagre 1.8 percent the following year.
British Gas officials had told Trade Undersecretary Tomas Alcantara in discussions in Manila and Singapore during the past two weeks that British Gas would like to use Manila Gas to establish a presence in the Philippines, the statement said.
Airborne Israeli commandos snatched Mustafa Dirani from his home in the Bekaa Valley on May 21 to obtain information on missing Israeli airman Ron Arad, whose plane was shot down over south Lebanon during a 1986 bombing raid.
He said the two ministers had agreed during their talks on "certain important issues which would hopefully bear fruit," but did not elaborate.
Khabarovsk, where he will be staying several days, is the first of several stops during his trans-Siberian voyage that will end in early August in Moscow, where he plans to settle with his family.
Canada's deputy defence minister Robert Fowler was to leave Kigali after a two-day visit during which he toured a Red Cross hospital and met army commanders, a UN spokesman said.
Clinton, who was dogged during his election campaign by other charges of marital infidelity, has denied the new allegations.
Japan, US fail to reach insurance accord  TOKYO, June 2 (AFP)  Japan and the United States failed to reach agreement on improving foreign access to the Japanese insurance market during two days of bilateral talks, a US trade official said on Thursday.
The official said there had been "progress in understanding the positions of the Japanese side" during the discussions, part of the so-called framework talks which have just been revived.
38 WWII veterans arrive for historic jump  PARIS, June 2 (AFP)  Thirty eight US veterans arrived here on Thursday to relive their historic parachute jump into France during the Allied D-Day landings of Normandy 50 years ago.
It was to launch a rights issue during the day.
The Israelis were trying to obtain information on missing Israeli airman Ron Arad, whose plane was shot down over south Lebanon during a 1986 bombing raid.
Turkmenistan has gas reserves of 21 billion cubic metres (762 billion cubic feet), the third largest in the world after the Arab-Persian and Siberian regions, officials from that country said during a visit to Kuala Lumpur recently.
Japan, US fail to reach insurance accord despite progress  TOKYO, June 2 (AFP)  Japan and the United States failed to reach agreement on improving foreign access to the Japanese insurance market during two days of bilateral talks, negotiators from the two countries said on Thursday.
A US official said there had been "progress in understanding the positions of the Japanese side" during the discussions, part of the so-called framework talks which have just been revived after collapsing in February.
The Japanese official said much of the talks focused on Japan's efforts to liberalise the insurance sector since the negotiations collapsed in February during former prime minister Morihiro Hosokawa's visit to Washington.
They had lobbied congress for a longer period during which they could take advantage of lower taxes.
Unemployment plunges in Israel  JERUSALEM, June 2 (AFP)  The rate of unemployment dropped to 8.2 percent in Israel during the first three months of 1994 from 11.1 percent for the same period of last year, the Central Bureau of Statistics reported Thursday.
Extra coffins ordered for D-Day anniversary by Laurent Mennelet  CAEN, France, June 2 (AFP)  Normandy funeral parlours have increased their stocks of coffins in case ageing D-Day veterans pass away during weekend ceremonies marking the 50th anniversary of the Normandy landings.
In an unusual display of presidential partisanship during a primary race, Clinton took it upon himself to show personal support for Rostenkowski.
Sixteen worshippers were hurt when the missile struck during dawn prayers.
Clinton, who was dogged during his election campaign by other charges of marital infidelity, has denied the new allegations.
(AFP)     TOKYO: Japan and the United States failed to reach agreement on improving  foreign access to the Japanese insurance market during two days of bilateral  talks, negotiators from the two countries said.
A US official said there had  been "progress in understanding the positions of the Japanese side" during the  discussions but that no agreement had been reached and no date set for another  round of talks.
They said the clashes took place during a regular army crackdown against the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) in several regions including Hakkari, near the border with Iran and Iraq, Siirt, Diyarbakir and Sirnak, located near the border with Iraq and Syria.
On Wednesday the chief administrator of Diyarbakir, Unal Erkan, said that 1,168 rebels were killed during government raids in the last two months and 172 others have surrendered.
Prithvi, or Earth, which has a range of 250 kilometres (156 miles), would be tested during the next 48 hours, the Press Trust of India (PTI) quoted unnamed defence sources here as saying.
He expected this process to take around three years, during which bridging courses would be offered to soldiers with a background in non-statutory forces.
Meiring did not expect the new SANDF to suffer the same problems as the National Peacekeeping Force (NPKF), a failed attempt to merge the regular army, MK and the former homeland armies into a peace force to keep order during the historic April 26-29 all-race elections.
Velayati met Mussa during the Non-Aligned Movement's ministerial meeting, which opened in Cairo Tuesday.
Velayati is the highest-ranking Iranian official to visit Egypt since then, although Velayati and Mussa have held discussions during other international conferences, including the UN general assembly in New York last year.
The improvement had been particularly marked during the second half of the year.
The Airbus aicraft would be replaced during a period of 14 months from June 1995 until August 1996.
Former rebel soldiers mutiny in Mozambique camps  MAPUTO, June 2 (AFP)  Former rebels of the Mozambique National Resistance (RENAMO) brutally beat-up one of their own senior officers during a mutiny, diplomatic sources said Thursday.
Japan, US cite progress but no agreement in insurance talks  TOKYO, June 2 (AFP)  Japan and the United States failed to reach agreement on improving foreign access to the Japanese insurance market during two days of bilateral talks, negotiators from the two countries said Thursday.
A US official said there had been "progress in understanding the positions of the Japanese side" during the discussions, part of the so-called framework talks revived this week after collapsing in February.
The Japanese official said much of the talks focussed on Japan's efforts to liberalise the insurance sector since the negotiations collapsed in February during former prime minister Morihiro Hosokawa's visit to Washington.
US prison population booming government report WASHINGTON, June 2 (AFP) - The US prison population nearly tripled during the 1980s because of stiffer sentences produced by the war on drugs, but it has had little or no impact on the crime rate, government statistics show.
Analysts expect a weak climb in stock prices and low volume during the session as investors await the publication Friday of May unemployment figures.
The accord was signed during a visit to Beijing by Estonian Prime Minister Tiit Vahi.
Suit filed against Pinochet during his visit to Prague  PRAGUE, June 2 (AFP)  Former Chilean dictator General Augusto Pinochet had a suit filed against him Thursday by an Amnesty International member while on a private visit to the Czech Republic to negotiate an arms contract.
South Africa's peace-keeping force disbanded  JOHANNESBURG, June 2 (AFP)  South Africa's controversial peace-keeping force was officially disbanded Thursday, little more than four months after it was set up to keep order during the country's first non-racial election in April.
But the peace troops failed dismally in their task and were dogged by reports of drunkeness, insubordination and desertion during an eight- week training period and lack of discipline during a disastrous first and last deployment.
At least six civilians were injured during northern air raids on Aden Thursday, a southern military source said.
Muluzi said the mysterious death of Malawian journalist, Mkwapatira Mhango, resurfaced during his visit to Zambia on Wednesday.
Yeltsin said that he planned to hold a telephone conversation later during the day with US President Bill Clinton to discuss his proposal for a conference and the crisis in general.
But the Calgary Herald reported Thursday that members of the Royal Canadian Legion in Alberta will be allowed to wear their cowboy hats in legion halls next month, during the Calgary Stampede.
"It's very common in this part of the world to allow headdress during particular periods like rodeo weeks."
"Exploration teams in the ADNOC and joint venture concession areas, both onshore and offshore, were fully committed during 1993 to a drilling-testing programme which resulted in hydrocarbon discoveries in new structure and reservoirs," the state-controlled company said.
It said the level of drilling activity continued to increase during 1993, with 22 rigs operational by the year end, including 10 onshore and 12 offshore.
The young German fan at the Ernst Happel stadium was found stabbed in the chest after the match, during which police had arrested 20 rival supporters for fighting at half-time.
Malaysia suggested the idea of an international conference, and members of an OIC working group on Bosnia voted in favour during a meeting alongside the NAM meeting here, Arabi said.
Three more Cubans leave Belgian embassy  HAVANA, June 2 (AFP)  Three people left the Belgium ambassador's residence during the night, leaving 124 Cubans holding out inside in a bid to leave the country, Cuban officials said Thursday.
Kennedy, who spoke from the same hill during a visit in 1963.
These were denied during the day by a UN Protection Force spokesman in Sarajevo.
Player banned after jaw fracture  LONDON, June 2 (AFP)  Castleford's prop forward Dean Sampson was banned for four matches on Thursday after Wigan's Kelvin Skerrett suffered a double jaw fracture during the rugby league Premiership final two weeks ago.
At one point during the address a man climbed up a lamppost, started screaming and unfurled a banner that read in English, "Bill, Rwanda and Bosnia are burning, what are you doing?"
Kennedy, who spoke from the same historic hill during a visit in 1963.
Clinton, who was dogged during his election campaign by other charges of marital infidelity, has denied the allegations.
Police said that a total of 30 people were arrested during and after the match and that 10 police officers were injured.
Quoting doctors at the local hospital, it said Bosnian artillery had killed 18 people including five children and wounded 60 others during the past two months.
Berisha made his pledge during talks with Macedonian parliament speaker Stojan Andonov who arrived here Thursday for a two-day visit, Tirana radio said.
The official, speaking during a visit here by US President Bill Clinton, said Washington was on the point Thursday of calling on the Security Council to impose sanctions.
Clinton warned during the day Thursday that if Pyongyang did not provide the International Atomic Energy Agency with the necessary proof that its nuclear program was for purely peaceful purposes, he would seek UN sanctions.
We were prepared to deal with the matter in a low key, low profile," Hogg told reporters during a visit to Kuwait.
The former England and Derbyshire batsman, in his debut season with Durham, completed his first ton for the club during a stand of 186 with Stewart Hutton and went on to make an unbeaten 204 out of 365 for three.
The CIA conducted several experiments with LSD during the early '50s, using unwitting federal employees as guinea pigs.
Clinton warned during the day Thursday that if Pyongyang did not provide the International Atomic Energy Agency with the necessary proof that its nuclear program was for purely peaceful purposes, he would seek UN sanctions.
The woman did not say in her testimony that Berkowitz used force or that she screamed or resisted, but both she and Berkowitz testified that she continuously said "no" during the incident.
Miller made choking motions and several choice comments to Lee during his run of five 3-point shots in the fourth period Wednesday.
Remer, 81, left Germany in April to escape a 22-month prison sentence imposed after he publicly denied the existence of Nazi gas chambers and accusing Jews of lying and inventing the mass killings during Hitler's regime.
Albanian defense minister to make US visit next week  TIRANA, June 2 (AFP)  Albanian Defense Minister Safet Zhulali will meet US defense and foreign policy officials during an official visit to Washington Tuesday in a bid to strengthen military ties between the two countries.
Guerrillas fired three Katyusha rocket salvoes at northern Israel in the hours after the pre-dawn Israeli attack on the training camp, three more in the evening following Rabin's appeal to Syria on Israeli television, and a seventh during the night.
The CIA conducted several experiments with LSD during the early '50s, using unwitting federal employees as guinea pigs.
Four major celebratory events are scheduled during the weekend, but only one of them, a Saturday night dinner hosted by the queen and Major, will bring together all the luminaries under a single roof, along with some 500 D-Day veterans.
"It represents approximately the number of allied troops involved in Operation Overlord during the early days of the campaign," said a British Defense Ministry spokesman.
Highlights of the D-Day ceremonies  CAEN, June 3 (AFP)  Highlights of 21 public ceremonies to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Normandy landings on June 5 and 6: Sunday, June 5: Thirty-eight US veterans, aged from 68 to 83, repeat their historic parachute jump into France during the Allied D-Day landings of Normandy 50 years ago, landing over the first French town to be liberated from the Germans, Sainte-Mere-Eglise.
China pulls the plug on CNN for Tiananmen anniversary  BEIJING, June 3 (AFP)  The Chinese authorities have ordered all major hotels in Beijing to pull the plug on the US Cable News Network (CNN) during the fifth anniversary of the June 4 Tiananmen Square massacre.
Tourists had begun to return to the Moslem-majority Kashmir valley this summer after four years during which the picturesque region was transformed from a tourist paradise into a virtual ghost state by the Moslem insurgency.
Net foreign debt equalled 38.6 percent of the country's gross domestic product in the March quarter compared to 40 percent during the previous three months.
Shooting broke out during which a Hezbollah guerrilla was killed and a Fijian soldier wounded, he added.
Reassuring those who wonder if he would turn against the United States if he were reinstated -- his left-leaning policies during his six months in power distanced him somewhat from Washington, Aristide said he shared "mutual interests...not feelings" with the United States.
Ruble falls to 1,923 to U.S. dollar  MOSCOW, June 3 (AFP)  The ruble fell five points during trading on Friday and was quoted at 1,923 to the dollar on the Moscow interbank currency exchange.
He was to attend a ceremony at an American cemetery containing the graves of 7,862 soldiers killed during the battles of 1943 and 1944 for the liberation of Italy.
The fundamentalists seized several UN soldiers during the incident while the peacekeepers captured a number of guerrillas but the prisoners were all later released, police said.
Shooting broke out during which a Hezbollah guerrilla was killed and a Fijian soldier wounded, he added.
He was to attend a ceremony at an American cemetery containing the graves of 7,862 soldiers killed during the battles of 1943 and 1944 for the liberation of Italy.
"The non-diversion of nuclear material during the refueling is firmly guaranteed," he added.
Speaking to reporters during the march from his home to the main "martyr's graveyard," he said he would go without food until all "black sheep and criminals" were weeded out of the ranks of the Kashmiri separatist movement.
French seamen release P and O ferries after protest against Chinese  CHERBOURG, France, June 3 (AFP)  French seamen have released two British ferries which they had held in port here during the night in a dispute over the employment of Chinese seamen, port officials said on Friday.
A palace statement said Days Inn president John Russel informed President Fidel Ramos of his company's plans during a courtesy call here.
Ma Ai-chen from the ruling Kuomintang (KMT) was rushed to hospital with apparent heart problems after passing out in a shouting match with members of the opposition Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) during the melee.
"The non-diversion of nuclear material during the refueling is firmly guaranteed," he added.
The high point of his career came when he scored 232 points for France during their tour of Australia in 1951, the year when he was also voted sportsman of the year by French daily l'Equipe.
An Israeli army operation killed 120 people, most of them civilians, wounded hundreds and forced half a million to flee during a seven-day blitz of south Lebanon last July to halt the rocketing of northern Israel.
The cemetery swarmed with veterans, many wearing blue and white baseball caps with the name of the units they served in during the war.
Kim, whose principle aim during the visit is to develop economic ties with this Central Asian republic, will also discuss the possible return to Korea of members of the 200,000-strong Korean community, Korean Ambassador Keun Yi-Suh said.
"This field ran with the blood of those who fought to save the world," Clinton said during a ceremony at a US military cemetery holding the remains of 7,862 troops.
The cemetery swarmed with veterans, some using canes or wheelchairs, many wearing berets or blue-and-white baseball caps with the name of the unit they served in during the war.
Papandreou said he was certain the agreement could be signed during the summit meeting scheduled for June 24-25.
(picture) Scooter prices rev up after Vietnam bans imports  HANOI, June 3 (AFP)  Prices for Japanese-made scooters have rise by up to 20 percent in Vietnam during the past month, following a ban by the government on imported used cars and scooters.
"This field ran with the blood of those who fought to save the world," Clinton said during a ceremony at a US military cemetery holding the remains of 7,862 troops.
The cemetery swarmed with veterans, some using canes or wheelchairs, many wearing berets or blue-and-white baseball caps with the name of the unit they served in during the war.
A Filipino lawyer for the delegates to the Asia Pacific Conference on East Timor (APCET) and immigration officials reached the compromise during a meeting Friday, a joint statement said.
But Clinton, in an interview on the French TF1 programme Sept sur Sept broadcast during his current European tour, cautioned Moscow against setting conditions to the West on military partnership and on unilateral peacekeeping efforts in the former Soviet Union.
In an interview with the French TF1 television programme Sept sur Sept during a current European tour, Clinton said that while African countries would provide troops, "the United States will supply the airlift, the armoured personnel carriers and more funds to try to help solve that problem."
The Khmer Rouge were responsible for the deaths of some one million Cambodians during a four-year reign of terror that ended when Vietnamese troops invaded in late 1978.
Fujimori leaves on Asian trip  LIMA, June 3 (AFP)  President Alberto Fujimori left Friday for visits to Japan and China during which he is to encourage Asian investment in his country.
Ajello, who heads the UN peacekeeping operation in Mozambique (UNOMOZ) said the beating this week of a RENAMO senior official during a mutiny by troops at Mocubela assembly point, was just the worst in a long chain of increasingly ugly incidents.
Police returned fire after being hit and the militants "died during the gun battle," the source said.
 "This field ran with the blood of those who fought to save the world," Clinton  said during a ceremony at a US military cemetery holding the remains of 7,862  troops.
Koenitzer said an increase in bond interest rates after the jobless report could put pressure on the dollar during the session.
The dollar was expected to move between 1.6530 and 1.6650 marks during the rest of the session.
North Korea had lobbied hard during the four-day conference here to have the reference to the IAEA removed from the final Cairo Declaration.
They said that several potential donors were unable to announce aid figures during a meeting held in Paris at the same time as the current official visit to France by Kyrgyz president Askar Akayev.
"This field ran with the blood of those who fought to save the world," Clinton said during a ceremony at a US military cemetery holding the remains of 7,862 troops.
The cemetery swarmed with veterans, some using canes or wheelchairs, many sporting green berets or blue-and-white baseball caps with the name of the unit they served in during the war.
Clinton also added a personal note, about his father, William Blythe, who served near Naples as an army mechanic during the war but died in the United States before Clinton was born.
Yeltsin made the comment during a joint press conference with South Korean President Kim Young-Sam, here on a four-day official visit.
Leghari said that during talks with US leaders "it was agreed that we should try to overcome the hurdle posed by the Pressler Amendment through a process of diplomatic consultations which would be conducted without publicity and fanfare."
Specter said he had protested personally to Karimov, whom he met during the afternoon, and to the Uzbek government, adding: "I was informed that this follows a pattern where citizens were detained in the past to prevent similar meetings with high-level US visitors."
Commodities fluctuate during week on speculative investment By Olivier Thibault and Heather Prentice  LONDON, June 3 (AFP)  Most commodities fluctuated during the week on US investment fund speculation.
Like gold and silver, platinum rose and fell during the week for speculative and technical reasons.
Copper fell around 50 dollars during the week to about 2,200 dollars per tonne, generally pulling the rest of the complex with it.
Prices dropped around five dollars during the week, after rising on Monday, to end around 514 dollars per tonne as the metal generally followed copper and nickel in quiet trading.
Zinc fell around 10 dollars during the week to around 976 dollars per tonne.
Aluminium fell during the week by around 20 dollars, to a Friday figure of around 1,345 dollars per tonne.
For the first time since December, the price of cocoa remained above 1,000 pounds per tonne during the week, sustained by speculative interest.
World consumption should reach around 116.1 million tonnes in 1994-1995 compared with 114.9 million during the previous season.
The price of Brent crude North Sea oil varied little during the week, shortened by a British bank holiday on Monday, trading around 16.40 dollars on the International Petroleum Exchange -- the London market.
"The FDP intends to continue its successful coalition with the CDU-CSU during the next parliament on the basis of its liberal programme," Kinkel announced at the start of the congress.
Two other studies published in the same issue of Cancer Causes and Control, suggest children born to mothers who eat at least one hot dog a week during pregnancy have double the risk of having brain tumours.
Frankfurt bourse gains slightly during week  FRANKFURT, June 3 (AFP)  The Frankfurt stock marked managed a slight gain for the trading week in the wake of a sharp plunge the previous week, but analysts said Friday that the share market remains strongly influenced by uncertainties affecting the bond markets.
European Cup Winners Cup finalists Parma and UEFA Cup champions Inter Milan have also been fined 12,000 francs and 4,000 francs respectively for "missile throwing" during their finals.
Salzburg trainer Otto Baric also had a 4,000 franc fine for "unfitting conduct by an official" during the UEFA Cup final.
The Nigerian soccer team is supposed to train in the Dallas suburb of Addison during the upcoming games, but Dallas-area Nigerians have reportedly asked World Cup officials to find their team a new site.
Meanwhile the pro-Iranian Hezbollah group said Israeli soldiers shot dead three of its members during a clash near Rihan, in the middle of the Israeli-occupied "security zone" in southern Lebanon.
The three disappeared during the battle for Sultan Yaakub in the eastern Bekaa valley in July 1982.
He added the bodies had been buried during the fighting but only Abu Jihad, killed in Tunis in 1988, and five others knew where.
TV presenter suspended for gloves-on approach to debate  PARIS, June 3 (AFP)  A French television presenter was suspended Friday for offering boxing gloves to controversial interviewees Bernard Tapie and Jean-Marie Le Pen during a live debate.
Heath Davis, who launched his Test career with a booming leg-side wide and a no-ball, fixed the radar sufficiently for Stewart to mis-time an attempted drive to mid-on during the fifth over.
Atherton set the tone after lunch when taking three consecutive boundaries off left-arm spinner Matthew Hart during one woeful over.
Ganic was due to be joined later Friday by Bosnian premier Haris Silajdzic, who held talks during the day in Paris with French President Francois Mitterrand and Foreign Minister Alain Juppe.
SBCL laboratories will work around the clock during the 1996 Olympics to have results 24 hours after samples are taken.
Blue-chip stocks closed at 3,772.22, climbing 15.08 points (0.40 percent) during the week.
Traders generally ignored statistics published during the week in anticipation of May's employment figures.
For other experts like Robert Barr, one of the principal economists of the US Chamber of Commerce, the other statistics released during the week seem to indicate a let up of the economic crisis, and that should appease those who are concerned with inflation.
At one point it reached 7.5 percent during trading Wednesday.
Mansell comes back one week after suffering a concussion during a bizarre crash during the Indianapolis 500.
He was struck from behind by Dennis Vitolo during a low-speed caution period, with Vitolo's car landing atop the rear of Mansell's car.
Arafat appeared tired and coughed during the interview.
That alliance was initiated during the 1980 campaign, when Republicans mobilized masses of fundamentalist Christians -- particularly in the southern "bible belt" -- to get out the vote for Ronald Reagan.
But the partnership all but broke down in August 1992, when the religious right wing tried to dictate the party's platform during Republican Convention and President George Bush's failed reelection bid.
Under the Diversity Immigrant Visa Program or DV-1, USIS officials here said 55,000 immigrant visas would be made available during fiscal year 1995.
Indian pilot under cloud for letting pet dog into cockpit  NEW DELHI, June 4 (AFP)  An Indian Airlines pilot who let his wife and pet dog into the cockpit during a commercial flight has been removed as a trainer, the Asian Age reported Saturday.
North Korea's official media also denounced a special alert in South Korea during the current trip to Russia by South Korean President Kim Young-Sam and joint US-South Korean military maneuvers planned for August as moves to "drive the situation to the brink of war."
Meanwhile, the North Korean Workers Party newspaper denounced President Kim Young-Sam for putting the entire South Korean armed forces and police on heightened alert from May 31 to June 7 during his week-long state visit to Russia.
Major General Orlando Soriano, commander of southern forces, said the Abu Sayyaf group gunmen were killed during an air and ground offensive which began Friday in Patikul town on Jolo island, 900 kilometres (560 miles) south of Manila.
Soriano said he does not think the military operation would affect the peace talks with the MNLF, which has also pledged to oppose terrorism as a goodwill gesture during the talks.
Meanwhile, South Korean cabinet members who stayed behind in Seoul, led by Prime Minister Lee Yung-Duk, decided Friday to maintain a heightened state of military alert declared from May 31 during the president's Russian visit.
The observers said they believed there was a good chance the armed Serbs would all leave during the day.
A third US progam deals with "Amerasians" -- children of US servicemen born to Vietnamese mothers during the war.
The weather centre here predicted southern winds of up to 80 kilometres (50 miles) an hour gaining in strength during the morning, with gusts of up to 110 km/h along the coast of northwestern France.
The trial against 11 Iraqis and three Kuwaitis accused of plotting to kill Bush during a visit to the emirate opened on June 5, 1993.
The observers said they believed there was a good chance the armed Serbs would all leave during the day.
The trial on the alleged Iraqi plot to kill Bush during a visit to the emirate opened on June 5, 1993.
The group of around a dozen Sioux, children and grandchildren of men who died during the invasion, made the trip because they believe the soul of warriors killed in combat "continues to roam until it is fed and honoured on the spot where the body it inhabited fell," one of them said.
Scharping said the projected five year period during which the state must maintain a majority share in the three companies on the stock market or the Bundesrat (senior house of parliament where the SPD holds the majority) have a right of inspection should be increased to between eight to 10 years.
    KUWAIT CITY:   Five Iraqis and a Kuwaiti condemned to death for                    plotting to kill former US president George Bush,                    Baghdad's arch-foe during the Gulf war,                    in a Kuwait car-bomb attack.
The trial on the alleged Iraqi plot to kill Bush during a visit to the emirate opened on June 5, 1993, and was based on the testimony of a Kuwaiti intelligence officer.
Saudi Arabia had more than 120 billion dollars in overseas reserves during the oil boom of the early 1980s, but they are believed to have been more than halved due to withdrawals to finance the shortfall.
The market value of a company's shares will be calculated using its average price during the preceding six months at its main listing centre, the statement said.
Most dissidents were reportedly warned to move out of the capital during the sensitive period.
There has also been a visa clampdown during the anniversary period to stop journalists and foreign-based exiles getting into the country.
(picture) Six condemned to death for plotting to kill Bush by Mohammed Hasni  KUWAIT CITY, June 4 (AFP)  Five Iraqis and a Kuwaiti were condemned to death here Saturday for plotting to assassinate former US president George Bush, Iraq's arch- foe during the Gulf War, with a car bomb in April 1993.
The trial on the plot to kill Bush during a visit to the emirate opened on June 5, 1993, and was based mostly on the testimony of a Kuwaiti intelligence officer.
Their discussion came during an official visit to Moscow by South Korean President Kim Young-Sam.
But Hezbollah said SLA militiamen shot dead three of its members during a clash near Rihan, also in the security zone.
Dalai Lama to receive Four Freedoms Prize  MIDDELBURG, Netherlands, June 4 (AFP)  Tibet's spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, arrived here Saturday for a three-day visit during which he will meet Dutch ministers and receive the Roosevelt Institute's Four Freedoms Prize, officials said.
Communist Party (KPD) president Werner Schleese paid tribute to Honecker, who died in exile in Chile, for his time as East German head of state and for his role in the anti-Nazi resistance during the Third Reich.
The Sikh militant campaign for a separate state called Khalistan, or "Land of the Pure," in Punjab has left 25,000 people dead during the past decade but has been on the wane in recent years.
Jansher, 25, was plagued by sore throats and fever during the British Open in April and French Open in May, even though he went on to win both tournaments.
"I intend to train with vigour during July -- the off month in the circuit-- to win the World Open this year in a bid to create a new record of seven wins next year," he said.
Jahangir Khan, who retired from international squash last November, won the World Open a record six times during the 1980s.
Spain had led by 24 points during the second half, but the Koreans kept up a steady fusilade of three-pointers to narrowly go down.
Most dissidents were reportedly warned to move out of the capital during the sensitive period, and plainclothes police officers broke up gatherings of more than a few people at Tiananmen.
The PLO leader told CBS he had a cold, after coughing and looking tired during the television interview.
(AFP)     KUWAIT CITY: Five Iraqis and a Kuwaiti were condemned to death for  plotting to assassinate former US president George Bush, Iraq's arch-enemy  during the Gulf War, with a car bomb in April 1993.
The trial, relating to a  plot to kill Bush during a visit to the emirate, allegedly hatched by Iraqi  intelligence, opened on June 5, 1993.
Wendlinger emerges from coma  HINWIL, Switzerland, June 4 (AFP)  Austrian driver Karl Wendlinger has regained consciousness after more than three weeks in a coma since crashing during practice for the Monaco Grand Prix on May 12.
This might be raised during the meeting this afternoon."
More students arrested in Abidjan  ABIDJAN, June 4 (AFP)  An unspecified number of students have been arrested at the Yopougon university campus here during a police raid, student union officials said Saturday.
This might be raised during the meeting this afternoon."
Roush said he had been assigned to an LST landing craft during the D-Day invasion.
He spent two hours in the hotel, during which he was in contact with Washington.
Anani said Jordan had received signs that Israel "was ready to discuss these border questions" which Israel has evaded until now during bilateral talks.
Smith hit 10 boundaries during a near four-hour stay and, while never at his dominating best, did just the job England wanted.
Roush said he had been assigned to an LST landing craft during the D-Day invasion.
As a US Marine Corps lieutenant colonel serving on the National Security Council, North carried out secret and illegal White House activities to support anti-Sandinista forces in Nicaragua during the 1980s.
Boesel leads Indy-car qualifiers  MILWAUKEE, Wisconsin, June 4 (AFP)  Brazil's Raul Boesel took the pole position for Sunday's Milwaukee 200 Indy-car race during time trials here Saturday.
The KDP and the KPU accused each other of executing prisoners taken during the fighting.
Indian minister of state for commerce Kamaluddin Amad had discussions with industry minister Ahmad Nizam Eddin and planning minister Abdel Rahim as-Sibei during a visit in connection with the third session of the Indo-Syrian joint economic commission.
Chronic absenteeism during the weeklong plenary sessions each month also eroded its credibility.
A member of the team, Albert Lerigoleur, recalled that while those from Brittany did not know where they were to land, the Normans recognised the coast from models of the landing sites shown during briefings.
The ancient town, the only one in Normandy's Calvados department to emerge unscathed from allied bombing during and after D-Day on June 6, is home to the biggest British war cemetery in the province.
The shipment of peripheries, a major export item, fell 11.9 percent to 846 million dollars during the January-April period in 1994 from the corresponding period last year.
Samsung Eletronics, South Korea's top electronics maker, also saw its overseas computer sales fall in the past seven months, which Yoon called a transitional period during which the company was developing new models.
(AFP)     KUWAIT CITY: Five Iraqis and a Kuwaiti were condemned to death here for  plotting to assassinate former US president George Bush, Iraq's arch-foe  during the Gulf War, with a car bomb in April 1993.
Russian Premier Viktor Chernomydin promised during a visit here last month to review the decision to restrict border crossings.
Two Scud missiles fired at northern city, Sanaa says  SANAA, June 5 (AFP)  Southern forces fired two Scud missiles during the night at residential areas of Taez but the northern city's air defenses intercepted them, preventing casualties, a military spokesman said here Sunday.
Hanoi attacked the deal as "illegal" but Crestone said it has been promised the protection of the Chinese navy during exploration.
He was unsuccessful in his attempts to meet PetroVietnam chief Ho Si Thoang during a conference in San Francisco last week.
The agreement was signed by US Commerce Secretary Ron Brown and South African Commerce and Industry Minister Trevor Manuel during a conference in this southern state on democracy and economic development in South Africa.
The two leaders also exchanged their countries highest decorations during the signing ceremony late Saturday which will lead to "economic and social cooperation between two fraternal peoples."
The alliance, to be known as the United National Democratic Alliance (UNDA), was formed during a huge rally held at the historical Kamukunji grounds here Saturday, which was attended by 50 opposition members of parliament and their leaders.
Israel has granted nationality and refuge to several hundred families who collaborated during the occupation.
Palestinians murdered about 1,000 fellow Palestinians during the intifada which erupted in December 1987.
Geoghegan later rued missing out scoring in his third Test against Australia, but said: "The lads are disappointed today, but we are going to work very hard during the week and come out fighting in the second Test.
The Irish lost powerful second rower Michael Galway during the first half with an ankle injury, replaced by Denis McBride, and Ballymena flanker Brian Robinson battled on after being knocked senseless in an attempted tackle on the rampaging Tabua in the opening seconds.
The premier's younger brother was accused of plotting acts of sabotage as chief of the Al-Zulfikar Organisation (AZO) set up during the military regime of late general Mohammed Zia ul-Haq.
The premier's younger brother was accused of plotting acts of sabotage as chief of the Al-Zulfikar Organisation (AZO) set up during the military regime of late general Mohammed Zia ul Haq.
A curfew which had been lifted on Hebron after 37 Palestinians and four Israeli soldiers were injured during trouble on Saturday was quickly re-imposed Sunday.
Many rushed onto the streets in Taipei during the 30 second shock, witnesses said.
Israel and Jordan are due to meet in Washington on Monday to discuss the border issue which dates back to 1922 and the outlines drawn up during the British mandate over Palestine.
(changing dateline) (pictures) Fire rages after northern missile attack on refinery  LITTLE ADEN, Yemen, June 5 (AFP)  Northern warplanes firing a missile blew up two vast oil storage tanks during a raid on Aden's refinery on Sunday, officials said.
A ceremony took place at La Cambe in Normandy on Saturday to commemorate the German soldiers who died during the landings, in the presence of 300 German veterans and a representative of the German embassy in Paris.
Mizrahi expects fighting between Palestinian factions during autonomy for his business to boom.
"However, as soon as operation Overlord was launched, all eyes turned to five Normandy beaches, where the fate of the war would be sealed, where several thousand men succeeded in landing, soon to the be followed by tens of thousands of others; "but what anguish during the first hours, the first days, what prodigious acts of bravery and tenacity were accomplished by men to succeed in an undertaking that no-one had ever attempted before June 6, 1944.
More than 100 supporters chanted slogans and distributed sweets outside the court to celebrate the bail order, after having waited for hours during the court proceedings.
Murtaza was also charged with infiltrating Indian-trained saboteurs into Pakistan in 1992 during the government of then prime minister Nawaz Sharif, now the national opposition leader.
The earlier charges were laid against him during the decade-long rule of Zia, who died in a plane crash in 1988.
The ships were part of a large flotilla taking part in a wreath-laying ceremony for those who died at sea during the operation.
He had already dwelled on the theme during earlier legs of his D-Day tour, in Nettuno, Italy and Cambridge, England, where he was paying homage to the US war dead.
Two D-Day veterans dead after heart attacks  LONDON, June 5 (AFP)  A British veteran died of a heart attack on Sunday, during a gathering in southwestern England with his former comrades marking the 50th anniversary of the D-Day landings, his relatives said.
The two leaders also exchanged their countries highest decorations during the signing of the treaty, which JANA said would lead to "economic and social cooperation between two fraternal peoples."
Anti-EU movements scored 18.9 percent of the vote during the 1989 European elections.
Speaking during celebrations to mark 100 years of existence of this Zimbabwe's second city, Nkomo repeated his warning that Zimbabwe could be plunged into a civil war if some "undesirable elements" among the whites were allowed to perpetuate racial frictions.
The Zurich paper Sonntagszeitung said the ex-director, Manuel Frey- Wettstein, was sued last Wednesday by an advocacy group for people who contracted the Human Immune-deficiency Virus (HIV) during blood transfusions in 1985 and 1986, when a test to detect the virus was already available.
A World War II Lancaster bomber would then release a cargo-load of two million red poppies to commemorate those who died at sea during the operation.
Two D-Day veterans veterans died during the commemorations, it was learned Sunday, one in southwestern England and one in the Normandy city of Caen.
Simultaneous with the release of poppies, lines of ships representing each of the allied nations lined up in mid-channel and, as the Britannia steamed by, each cast a wreath on the waves in memory of those who died during the maritime phase of Operation Overlord, the campaign that began with the D-Day invasion and ended the German occupation of Europe.
(new series) Clinton evokes D-Day in call for unity among allies  PORTSMOUTH, England, June 5 (AFP)  President Bill Clinton cited the "almost unbelievable" military achievements of the D-Day landings Sunday as he appealed for enduring unity between the United States and its allies.
Recalling that his father-in-law had served with the US marines during the war while his father was an army mechanic during the allies' Italian campaign, he added: "This has been very emotional for Hillary and me."
Petoe, whose party finished second in the poll, told journalists: "We want judicial and political guarantees for conditions established during the negotiations, which will start Tuesday" and would be geared towards sealing a coalition accord.
SABA said the president had made the statement in a telephone conversation with Hussein during which he complained about what he termed "flagrant interference" in Yemen's affairs.
US Rangers again climb Normandy headland  CAEN, France, June 5 (AFP)  US Rangers, including a veteran of 72, scaled on Sunday the Pointe du Hoc headland near here where fierce fighting took place during the June 1944 landing in Normandy, French military sources said.
The disabled Sofia rolled after an engine was damaged on Saturday night during the height of the tropical storm.
Ruble falls to 1,928 to US dollar  MOSCOW, June 6 (AFP)  The ruble fell five points during trading Monday and was quoted at 1,928 to the US dollar on the Moscow Interbank Currency Exchange.
SABA said the president had made the statement in a telephone conversation with Hussein during which he complained about what he termed "flagrant interference" in Yemen's affairs.
The neighbouring Omaha Beach, where 3,000 American servicemen lost their lives during the landings, most of them on the first day, was to be the site of the main commemorative ceremony later in the day, in the presence of an array of world leaders.
The deputy premier is also scheduled to hold talks with Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad, his deputy Anwar Ibrahim and Defence Minister Najib Tun Razak during his two-day stay in Kuala Lumpur.
He sustained back injuries when his parachute twisted as he was coming down over Sainte-Mere-Eglise, the first village to be liberated during the D-Day allied invasion.
BAA, which provides goods and services to seven airports including the two largest London airports Heathrow and Gatwick, welcomed 82 million passengers during the year to March, a rise of 5.5 percent on the previous year.
One dead, one wounded in post office hold-up attempt  MARSEILLE, France, June 6 (AFP)  Gangsters shot and killed a postal employee and seriously wounded another Monday morning during a failed raid on a central Marseille post office, police said.
Karimov and Kim signed three agreements during the visit on establishing an air link between Tashkent and Seoul and on cooperation in agriculture and science.
Kim, who last week made a key visit to Russia, was to travel later during the day to the Russian Far East cities of Vladivostok and Khabarovsk before returning to Seoul.
Reagan recalls D-Day ceremonies 10 years ago  PARIS, June 6 (AFP)  Former US president Ronald Reagan, who spoke at Normandy's Pointe du Hoc during D-Day commemorative ceremonies 10 years ago, recalled in a French newspaper on Monday that the allied soldiers' exploit "changed history."
At the Pointe-du-Hoc on Monday, US President Bill Clinton laid a wreath at a monument to the 224-man Ranger unit that scaled the 30-metre (100 feet) cliffs under German fire on June 6, 1944, suffering heavy losses during the D-Day landings.
Murtaza, 38, was charged with infiltrating trained Indian saboteurs into Pakistan in 1992, during the government of former premier Nawaz Sharif, who is now the country's main opposition leader.
Graphic                    by Bertrand Bollenbach     BAYEUX,     France:        President Francois Mitterrand and Queen                    Elizabeth II lay wreaths at the British war                    ceremony in Bayeux at a solemn Franco-British                    ceremony honouring servicemen who fell during the                    Normandy landings exactly 50 years ago.
The right-wing opposition charged he was lying during a bitter debate.
Queen Elizabeth, Mitterrand honour Normandy dead  BAYEUX, France, June 6 (AFP)  Queen Elizabeth II and President Francois Mitterrand laid wreaths at the British war cemetery here Monday in a solemn Franco-British ceremony honouring servicemen who fell during the Normandy landings exactly 50 years ago.
Premiers John Major of Britain and Edouard Balladur of France, flanked by senior members of their governments, stood to attention during the ceremony attended by 6,000 veterans.
Bayeux, the only town in Normandy's Calvados department to emerge unscathed from allied bombing during and after D-Day, has historic ties with Britain.
Major, in the message personally delivered by Needham during a brief visit here on May 24, sought a long term framework providing for a mechanism to nip in the bud potential bilateral problems, Malaysian officials said.
Canadian PM pays tribute to D-Day victims  COURSEULLES, France, June 6 (AFP)  Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien and Canada's governor general, Ramon Hnatyshyn, on Monday paid tribute to Canadian soldiers who lost their lives on Juno Beach during the D-Day landings 50 years ago.
French Social Affairs Minister Simone Veil also attended the ceremony during which the Canadian leaders reviewed detachments of the Canadian 7th and 8th brigades, which landed on Juno 50 years ago.
Croatian officials said several cooperation agreements, notably in the maritime transport and investment protection sectors, would be signed during the Romanian leader's visit.
Pena, known as Ben-Ben, also charged that napalm was dropped during the raids.
At Bayeux, the British and French heads of state, their prime ministers, those of Australia and New Zealand, King Harald V of Norway and the Grand Duke of Luxembourg stood under a steady drizzle as wreaths were laid to honour servicemen who fell during the landings.
The right-wing opposition charged he was lying during a bitter debate.
The East African country will need to import 480,000 tonnes of cereals during the 1994/95 period, but the commercial sector will only be able to purchase some 66,000 tonnes, leaving 414,000 to be supplied as food aid, the World Food Programme (WFP) said in a statement released here.
Israel was angered by statements he made during visits to West Bank towns, allegedly calling for the fight against occupation to go on.
But it eased to 31.6 billion dollars in 1992 and 11.7 billion dollars in 1993 due to the end of the war-related financial burden and the return of large private funds that were transfered out during the crisis.
NOTTINGHAM, England, June 6 (AFP)  Scores following England's first Test victory over New Zealand by an innings and 90 runs during this fifth and final day Overnight: England 567-8 dec (G A Gooch 210, M A Atherton 101, R A Smith 78, P A J DeFreitas 51 no).
Luethold said the ICRC had visited "a four-digit number" of people detained during the conflict, and had set up a computer data bank on all those visited on both sides.
Dong, premier from 1954 to 1986, was omnipotent during the during the period of Soviet-Vietnamese brotherhood but later stepped aside to become a special advisor to the Communist Party Central Committee along with former president Vo Chi Cong.
He sustained back injuries when his parachute twisted as he was coming down over Sainte-Mere-Eglise, the first village to be liberated during the D-Day allied invasion.
Italian ace Baldasere Monti also is in a stable condition in the same hospital after suffering head injuries in a crash during practice, but Aberdeen rider Rob Mitchell is in a critical condition after crashing during practice.
Jackson has withdrawn after straining a hamstring during training on Sunday.
We were favourites and that gives you a different type of pressure than we experienced during the winter."
PLO trying to find bodies of Israeli MIAs, official says  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, June 6 (AFP)  The PLO is trying to find the bodies of three Israeli soldiers killed during the 1982 invasion of Lebanon, the justice "minister" of the Palestinian self-rule authority said Monday.
Zakaria Baumel, Zvi Feldman and Yehuda Katz died during the battle of Sultan Yaakub in the Syrian-controlled Bekaa Valley of eastern Lebanon.
The bodies were buried during the fighting," said Middain, a lawyer.
Analysts said that there would be little activity on the Wall Street market during the week in the absence of major economic indicators.
                   Text slug: China-crash                    85x115mm (3-1/4x4-1/2"), BW/C, GEN     AIR CRASH STATS (REFILED)                    Graphic showing the proportion of air                    crashes which take place during the                    different stages of a flight.
He has been in during the current Test at Trent Bridge."
Stercken, who hopes to lay the groundwork for a normalisation of relations between Bonn and Baghdad, told German radio he would be meeting Iraqi President Saddam Hussein during his visit.
Even US financier George Soros, who reported making one billion dollars during the 1992 sterling crisis, admitted losing 600 million dollars when a bet against the yen went sour.
He bitterly attacked Bhutto's policies and what he called the "corruption" of her husband Asif Ali Zardari during a news conference a day after his release on bail by a court after seven months in jail.
With the premiers of Australia and New Zealand, King Harald V of Norway and the Grand Duke of Luxembourg, they stood under a steady drizzle as wreaths were laid to honour servicemen who fell during the landings.
Akashi met during the day with the Serb delegation and with the Moslem-Croat side.
The United Nations has also devised a plan for positioning peacekeepers between rival armies during the ceasefire.
World Cup hotels begging for customers  WASHINGTON, June 6 (AFP)  Hotel managers in World Cup host cities are unhappy with unexpectedly low numbers of reservations during the tournament.
Wendlinger suffered severe head injuries in the smash during practice for the Monaco formula one grand prix on May 12.
French domestic airline Air Inter faces strike Tuesday  PARIS, June 6 (AFP)  French domestic airline Air Inter said on Monday it expects to run half of its daily 400-odd flights during a 24-hour strike on Tuesday.
"The fact that we had to get products into the country through so- called channels, we will admit," Moolman said, referring to South Africa's illegal purchase and export of armaments and weapons technology in defiance of a United Nations arms embargo during the apartheid period.
After the arms embargo, South Africa's arms industry flourished, producing weapons that received their battle colours during the white- minority government's bush war against its neighbours, Namibia and Angola.
Exports during the year amounted to 886 million rands (244 million dollars), up from 488 million rands (134 million dollars) the previous year and 794 million rands (218 million dollars) the year before that.
He added that the DAX might rise a score of points during the next few sessions, but would hit a resistance level at 2,180 points.
In future, cars are set to be banned from the city centre during peak hours, while in the suburbs they will have to carry at least two passengers, Laliotis said.
Recent statistics show critical pollution levels were exceeded on 109 days during 1992 and on 197 days in 1991.
The spokesman also said China's ambassador to the Netherlands had protested at the Dalai Lama's visit, during which he was awarded the Four Freedoms prize for his peaceful resistance to Chinese rule.
The report charges that Ali al-Khalifa al-Sabah, former oil and finance minister, lost millions of dollars of state money by ordering risky deposits of 213 million dollars in two troubled foreign banks during the Iraqi occupation of Kuwait, between August 1990 and February 1991.
The HRC said the country experienced 226 incidents of violence during May, the lowest level it has recorded since January last year.
The left-leaning organisation hailed the declining violence and death toll as a "clear signal" that the peace that prevailed during the country's first all-race elections in April had been maintained."
Brian Lara's record breaking day:  BIRMINGHAM, England, June 6 (AFP) - 111 Resumes with Warwickshire 210-2 in reply to Durham's 556-8 dec 148 Achieves highest score for Warwickshire, beating debut 147 versus Glamorgan at Edgbaston 150 Reaches 150 in 201 minutes off 193 balls with 22 fours 200 Reaches double hundred in 224 minutes off 220 balls with 30 fours and two sixes 248 Achieves highest score against Durham, beating Chris Lewis' 247 for Nottinghamshire at Chester-le-Street in 1993 250 Reaches 250 in 246 minutes off 245 balls with 37 fours and five sixes 278 Achieves highest score by Warwickshire batsman at Edgbaston, beating 277 by Roger Twose against Glamorgan earlier this season 285 Scores 174 in morning session, beating highest in a pre-lunch session for Warwickshire of 173 by Reg Santall against Northamptonshire in     1933 297 Shares in highest partnership against Durham during a stand of 314 in 55 overs with Trevor Penney (44) 300 Becomes first player to score a triple century at Edgbaston in either domestic or international cricket 300 Reaches triple hundred in 280 minutes off 278 balls with 44 fours and seven sixes 306 Sets new Warwickshire individual scoring record, surpassing the 305 not   out by Frank Foster against Worcestershire at Dudley in 1914 323 Achieves highest score by a West Indian in England, beating the 322 by Viv Richards for Somerset AGAINST Warwickshire at Taunton in 1985 325 Equals Don Bradman's 1938 achievement of 1,000 runs in just seven first     class innings.
Yeltsin's comments came during a ceremony to mark the 195th anniversary of the birth of Alexander Pushkin, Russia's most celebrated poet.
                   Text slug: China-crash                    85x115mm (3-1/4x4-1/2"), BW/C, GEN     AIR CRASH STATS (REFILED)                    Graphic showing the proportion of air                    crashes which take place during the                    different stages of a flight.
Akashi met during the day with the Serb delegation and with the Moslem-Croat side.
The United Nations has also devised a plan for positioning peacekeepers between rival armies during the ceasefire.
Latvian foreign minister resigns over KBG affair  MOSCOW, June 6 (AFP)  Latvian Foreign Minister Georgs Andrejevs resigned Monday after admitting he had contacts with the KGB during the Soviet era, ITAR- TASS reported.
But as Warwickshire's players toasted a record that may stand forever, the hero revealed just how much pressure he had been under during those final few seconds.
Kuwait commutes death sentences of 10 Palestinians  KUWAIT CITY, June 6 (AFP)  A Kuwaiti appeals court on Monday commuted the death sentences of 10 Palestinians convicted of collaborating with the Iraqis during the 1990-1991 occupation.
Baena Soares has insisted all along on using negotiation rather than force to roll back the September 1991 coup in Haiti, but his reiteration during opening ceremonies at the neo-Classical Peace Theater here carry special resonance because of persistent reports that the United States is considering an invasion.
Olajuwon scored 27.3 points and pulled down 11.9 rebounds during the season to earn league Most Valuable Player honors.
Alan Rothenberg said Monday at least some members of the Greek delegation must know details about items stolen from the Greek locker room during a tuneup match Sunday at nearby Giants Stadium.
The IMF and the World Bank were conceived in 1944 in Bretton Woods, New Hampshire, during the United Nations Monetary and Financial Conference.
Aden radio said south Yemen air defences shot down three northern warplanes Monday during attacks on "vital economic installations".
Saleh, who is not popular with his Gulf neighbours for what they judge to be his pro-Iraqi stance during the Gulf crisis (August 1990 to February 1991), has failed to rally support for his military campaign against south-based opposition forces.
Parachutists actually came down through the night sky over Caen, capital of the Normandy region, during this presentation of the allied invasion.
The spectacle ends two days of commemorations during which 19 heads of state and government, as well as some 30,000 D-Day veterans, attended a full schedule of national and overall celebrations.
Baena Soares has insisted all along on using negotiation rather than force to end the ongoing crisis in Haiti, but his reiteration during opening ceremonies at the neo-Classical Peace Theater here carry special resonance because of persistent reports that the United States is considering an invasion.
Germany will already take part in the 50th anniversary celebration of the May 8, 1945 anniversary of the unconditional surrender of the Nazis, and at a Franco-German summit in Mulhouse, eastern France, at the end of last month, Mitterrand announced he was inviting German troops to march down the Champs-Elysees during the annual Bastille Day parade on July 14.
A ceremony took place at La Cambe in Normandy on Saturday to commemorate the German soldiers who died during the landings, in the presence of 300 German veterans and a representative of the German embassy in Paris, as well as a number of French people.
Surveys conducted in the 1950s found that 75 percent of girls under 18 were still virgins, but there were no similar data for men during the period, according to the institute which is an affiliate of Planned Parenthood.
(AFP)     MOSCOW: Latvian Foreign Minister Georgs Andrejevs resigned after admitting  he had contacts with the KGB during the Soviet era, ITAR-TASS reported.
Jerusalem is due to be raised during negotiations on a permament settlement for the Palestinians, which start after two years of autonomy.
Kelly told AFP the strong demand had been evident from March this year and Chinese buying had been the mainstay of the market, continuing even during recent price rises.
US military sends home suspected remains of 16 MIAs  HANOI, June 7 (AFP)  US military on Tuesday sent home the suspected remains of 16 men who died during the war here in the largest repatriation since the United States and Vietnam began joint searches for those still missing in action.
The remains were recovered during the 29th joint mission between the US military and Vietnamese authorities to account for the 2,231 American servicemen still missing from the conflict in Indochina.
German jobless figure falls again  NUREMBERG, Germany, June 7 (AFP)  The number of people officially out of work in Germany fell during May by about 150,000 to 3.66 million, according to the Federal Labour Office Tuesday.
The MiGs, deployed actively by Russia during its invasion of Afghanistan in the late 1980s, is currently used by only one other country in Asia, India.
Numerous political killings carried out by white extremists and black radicals during 45 years of apartheid rule in South Africa, which ended with the historic all-race elections in April, remain unsolved.
Both former president Frederik de Klerk's National Party and President Nelson Mandela's African National Congress have been accused of human rights abuses during this period.
More than 19,000 cases of economic crime were reported during the January-April period, compared with 30,000 for all of 1994.
Sella sending off not justified says coach  AUCKLAND, June 7 (AFP)  Rugby's most capped player, French centre Philippe Sella, did nothing to deserve his ordering off in the international against Canada during the weekend, his coach said here Tuesday.
President Joaquim Chissano denied in a television interview that he and his party had been "laid back" and weak during years of one-party rule.
Husseini said the fate of the Palestinian headquarters would be decided during negotiations on a permanent settlement.
On a political level, Kiet was expected to discuss a pledge made by Foreign Minister Anatoly Zlenko during a visit to Vietnam in April to allow about 8,000 Vietnamese workers currently in Ukraine to remain there legally.
Unlike speeches he gave during his D-Day anniversary tour, largely honoring the sacrifice of fallen allied soldiers, Clinton's address here will be geared toward laying out his vision of Europe's future, White House aides have said.
Meanwhile the Federal Labour Office said the number of people officially out of work in Germany fell during May by about 150,000 to 3.66 million.
Economy Minister Guenter Rexrodt said the GDP figures were "a clear sign that the west German economy is beginning to make up for the losses in production during the preceding period of recession".
Numerous political killings carried out by white extremists and black radicals during 45 years of apartheid rule in South Africa, which ended with the April poll, remain unsolved.
Both former president Frederik de Klerk's National Party and President Nelson Mandela's African National Congress (ANC) have been accused of human rights abuses during this period.
He was speaking at a press conference during the IAEA council of governors meeting.
He was speaking at a press conference during a IAEA board of governors' meeting.
The watchdog agency has tried to sample fuel rods from the reactor during a refuelling programme, but says North Korea has stonewalled on access to the operation.
The Federal Labour Office  said the number of people officially out of work in Germany fell during May by  about 150,000 to 3.66 million.
Economy Minister Guenter Rexrodt said the figures were "a clear sign that the west German economy is beginning to make up for the losses in production during the preceding period of recession".
The watchdog agency has tried to sample fuel rods from the reactor during a refuelling programme, but says North Korea has stonewalled on access to the operation.
If the same women have been explosed to environmental tobacco smoke (ETS) during their childhood, their risk of lung cancer is twice as high, the study by Dr. Elizabeth Fontham of Louisiana State University Medical Center, in New Orleans, and colleagues.
The increase of lung cancer in women exposed to ETS during adult life in the household -- spouses and other family members -- is 24 percent, in occupational settings 39 percent, and in social settings 50 percent.
Israel kidnapped a pro-Iranian guerrilla chief, Mustafa Dirani, from his home in eastern Lebanon last month to gain information about Arad, whose plane was shot down over south Lebanon in 1986 during an Israeli bombing raid on a Palestinian refugee camp.
Some have taken to wearing gasmasks during the almost daily confrontations between soldiers and Palestinian activists.
While the week-long visit by the North Korean military chief is sure to focus on the nuclear question, Xinhua gave no indication that the issue was raised during the meeting, which was also attended by Choe's Chinese counterpart, General Zhan Wannian.
The statement alleged the government had managed to create a technical fault that caused the failure of one of the two engines of the aircraft during the flight.
Pakistan to play three Tests in Sri Lanka  COLOMBO, June 7 (AFP)  Pakistan will play three Tests and three one-day internationals during their five-week tour of Sri Lanka beginning in July, the cricket board announced here Tuesday.
 Speaking on arrival here at the beginning of France's New Zealand tour, he said it was the worst thing he had experienced during his rugby career in which he holds the world record for Test appearances.
Anglian said it expected to see financial benefits during 1994-1995 and by 1996-1997 to report savings in operating costs of more than 20 million pounds a year.
Yarov said a series of pacts on investment, tourism, information technology and the environment slated to be signed during Rao's trip would further strengthen close ties between the two nations.
Sarid, who was interviewed by state radio during a visit to the Golan Heights, did not elaborate.
Scot Mitchell, 33, crashed last Thursday during practice and suffered massive head injuries.
I will continue the negotiations till tomorrow morning if there is real hope," he said, during a break in the second day of talks here.
The commission warned that public health could be endangered by pollution in relatively stagnant streams and lakes during summer.
Unlike speeches he gave during his D-Day anniversary tour, largely honoring the sacrifice of fallen allied soldiers, Clinton's address here will be geared toward laying out his vision of Europe's future, White House aides have said.
Peres fends off "liar" tag  JERUSALEM, June 7 (AFP)  Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres defended himself during a stormy debate in parliament on Tuesday against accusations of lying about a written promise he gave to the PLO on Jerusalem.
Kaddumi, who also met President Ion Iliescu during his visit, signed a cooperation agreement between the Romanian government and the Palestine Liberation Organisation, the first of its kind reached with an East European nation, he said.
Top Exxon executives testified during the trial, which began May 2 here, that Hazelwood was monitored closely.
The fighting died down during the day in a city largely deserted by its inhabitants, where the rebels are pitted against the army and extremist Hutu militias who have holed up in the southwestern Nyamirambo district.
Pakistan reports recovery from economic setbacks  ISLAMABAD, June 7 (AFP)  Pakistan has recovered from serious economic setbacks to achieve four percent growth in its gross domestic product (GDP) during fiscal 1993-94, ending June 30, the government said Tuesday.
A "steep" decline of 15.72 percent in major crops during 1992-93 had been "almost arrested" in 1993-94.
Industrial investment in the manufacturing sector increased by 15.08 percent during 1993-94.
The survey said the stock market in the country "has remained in a bullish mood," with the foreign investment inflow increasing to 417.2 million dollars during July-March from 263.9 million during the same period last year.
The country's petroleum imports during July-March in the outgoing year amounted to 1,052.6 million dollars, down from 1,136.1 million dollars in the same period of the previous fiscal year.
Pakistan's own daily average oil production during 1993-94 stood at 57,880 barrels and that of natural gas at 1,724 MMCFD.
With the late David Mercer, during the late 1960s-early 70s heyday of the single play, Potter provided the nearest that the small screen has yet seen to an 'auteur' principle of television writing.
The "DPRK (North Korea) will never allow inspections on the two sites," Yun said, speaking at a press conference during an IAEA board of governors' meeting here.
to realize the potential of OECD economies" and ensure "an enduring decline in the number of jobless" even with an improving economic outlook.
She noted that the risk of lung cancer in women explosed to environmental tobacco smoke (ETS) during their childhood and by their spouses run double the risk of lung cancer.
She noted that the risk of lung cancer in women explosed to environmental tobacco smoke (ETS) during their childhood and by their spouses run double the risk of lung cancer.
Similar fears were raised before the 1992 America's Cup in San Diego, but no whales wandered into harm's way during that regatta.
The CAC 40 index opened with a 0.48 percent fall and the loss reached as much as 1.45 perecent during the session, but the index finished at 2,023.74 points -- off 0.66 percent on the day.
From more than 30 dollars a barrel during the oil boom, crude prices collapsed to below 10 dollars in 1986 before they recovered in the following years.
I will continue the negotiations till tomorrow (Wednesday) morning if there is real hope," he said, during a break in the second day of talks here.
India suspended tests of the Prithvi during Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao's visit to the United States last month, but Rao made it clear at the time that India would continue with its missile program.
Police earlier said Pineau-Valencienne had during the morning met Cofibel's deputy administrator Georges Vercautere.
Both the Belgian judiciary and the police remained silent on what had been discussed during the day.
The "DPRK will never allow inspections on the two sites," Yun said, speaking at a press conference during the board of governors' meeting.
Arafat, coughing and looking tired, said last week during an interview with the US television network CBS from the PLO headquarters in Tunis that he had a cold.
The PLO chief is scheduled to travel to Jericho in mid-June, for a visit during which a 24-member Palestinian authority headed by Arafat is due to be formally sworn in to run the autonomous areas.
The opening took place during a visit by Cuban Foreign Minister Roberto Robaina who said the two countries wanted to boost ties in all fields.
The book, by Washington Post assistant editor Bob Woodward of Watergate fame, says that in the early days of the Clinton administration, insistent advice from Greenspan led the president to concentrate on chipping away at the budget deficit, at the expense of populist economic pledges he made during the election campaign.
Sketching out the IMF's history since its conception during the Bretton Woods monetary conference in 1944, Camdessus denied that the Fund had become a development or aid agency.
The watchdog agency has tried to sample fuel rods from the reactor during a refuelling programme, but says North Korea has stonewalled on access to the operation.
Mandela promises maximum disclosure in Truth Commission  JOHANNESBURG, June 7 (AFP)  President Nelson Mandela said Tuesday his new government would ensure "maximum disclosure" of crimes committed during South Africa's apartheid rule through a Truth Commission to probe human rights abuses.
Numerous political killings carried out by white extremists and black radicals during 45 years of apartheid rule in South Africa, which ended with the April election, remain unsolved.
UN officials had almost five hours of talks with Ganic in the afternoon, and received the Bosnian Serb delegation under Radovan Karadzic during the evening.
The Bosnian government has said it does not want any renewable ceasefire to stretch beyond four to six weeks, fearing a longer period would serve to cement Serb territorial gains made during the two-year war.
The jacks are used to keep the carriages steady during loading then they are folded back during the journey.
The watchdog agency has tried to sample spent fuel rods from the reactor during a refuelling programme, but says North Korea has stonewalled on access to the operation.
Normandy veteran dies of D-Day wounds 50 years on: inquest  LONDON, June 8 (AFP)  A Normandy hero died from mortar wounds inflicted during the D-Day invasion of France, almost 50 years after he suffered them, a coroner's inquest in southern England heard Tuesday.
The Sankei newspaper said that either Pol Pot -- the fanatical Maoist blamed for the death of one million Cambodians during his rule in the 1970s -- or his deputy Nuon Chea was hospitalized in Beijing, quoting a diplomatic source in Phnom Penh.
Pol Pot was at the helm of the Khmer Rouge regime during its brutal rule over Cambodia in 1975-1979 when more than one million people perished.
Gulf War veterans seek damages for malady  HOUSTON, Texas, June 7 (AFP)  Twenty-six Gulf War veterans have filed a class-action lawsuit seeking compensation for disabilities from what they claim was exposure to biological and chemical weapons during the conflict in 1991.
A diplomat in the Indonesian capital said the man was a relative of another Vietnamese who burned himself to death during a recent protest against repatriation at the Galang boat people camp.
The CSHRS also pointed to the death of 130 people during an extreme cold spell in Washington D.C. on January 21 as an indication of the US government's lack of care for homeless and impoverished people.
Hundreds of people, maybe more, are estimated to have died during the five year conflict.
Their counterparts in the 40 to 50-year-old age bracket spent one hour and eight minutes on average with their families, and spoke to their spouses for 50 minutes and to their children for 24 minutes during a regular day.
It is the first trip by a Japanese monarch to the United States since 1975 when Akihito's father Hirohito, who commanded the Japanese Imperial Army during World War II, paid a visit.
Moody's noted that the attempt to securitise non-performing assets during the Latin American debt crisis of the 1980s "met with little investor enthusiasm" while limited attempts elsewhere have largely been confined to markets where securitisation has matured as a financing vehicle.
The report noted that the core of the asset quality problems at Japanese banks was the the real-estate bubble between 1987 and 1990 during which local real-estate prices soared to highly-inflated levels.
The move represents a further erosion of Japan's rigid and cumbersome lifetime employment system which has been increasingly criticised during the current recession for breeding corporate sloth and inefficiency.
(JAL), the nation's largest carrier, plans to start hiring temporary stewardesses for domestic flights during the 12-month period starting in April next year, a company spokesman said Wednesday.
Informed sources here said Demirel confirmed Tuesday during a visit to Afyon, 250 kilometers (150 miles) west of Ankara, that he wrote the Greek president that Turkey "has certain reports" about activities of the separatist Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) in Greece which "make us uncomfortable."
Little Aden is the site of the south's sole refinery, which officials here said was hit during northern air raids on Sunday.
Moscow chopped off 65 million dollars from the initial price tag and also agreed to part-payment in palm oil, a barter deal that prompted Deputy Prime Minister Oleg Soskovets to visit a Malaysian food institute during his visit there to figure out what to do with the product.
The latest controversy plaguing the arms industry comes as Russia is hoping to conclude agreements for fresh deliveries of military spare parts during the visit to Syria this week of Deputy Prime Minister Oleg Soskovets, Russia's chief arms peddler.
Rodber available for England despite sending off  JOHANNESBURG, June 8 (AFP)  England flanker Tim Rodber, sent off during Tuesday night's robust match against Eastern Province, will be available for the tourists' second and final Test against South Africa on Saturday.
Callard, with 25 stitches to the face and head and a swollen right eye after being trampled by an Easterns player during the match, said he came within centimetres of losing an eye.
Southern forces added that their anti-aircraft fire shot down a northern warplane during a failed raid against an "economic" target in Little Aden just outside of the main city, but there was no confimation from the north.
Yanai represented Japan during talks last weekend in Washington between US Assistant Secretary of State Robert Gallucci and Kim Sam Hoon, the South Korean special envoy for nuclear affairs, aimed at coordinating possible sanctions on North Korea.
After the signing, Kozyrev and his aides joined OECD ministers for an informal working luncheon during which they discussed the latest Russian economic trends and took stock of the progress of economic reforms.
50 wounded as artillery duels rock Kabul  KABUL, June 8 (AFP)  At least 50 civilians were wounded here Wednesday as artillery fire rocked the Afghan capital during daylight hours for the first time in about a month, doctors said.
The ordinance started exploding early in the morning, contrary to the warring factions practice of night-time attacks during the past month, they said.
Assad meets Russian army chief  DAMASCUS, June 8 (AFP)  Syrian President Hafez al-Assad met Russian army chief of staff General Mikhail Kolesnikov here on Wednesday during a visit to promote military cooperation between the two countries.
The accord was signed by Russian Vice President Oleg Soskovets during a visit to Damascus.
According to pacifist organisations, Switzerland sold Chili some 480,000 dollars worth of weapons during the first quarter of this year.
Fujimori ends Japan tour, heads for China  TOKYO, June 8 (AFP)  Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori left Tokyo for Beijing Wednesday after a four-day visit during which he sought Japan's support for Peru's bid to join the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum.
The Japanese newspaper Sankei earlier reported that Pol Pot, the fanatical Maoist blamed for the death of one million Cambodians during his rule in the 1970s, or his deputy Nuon Chea was hospitalized in Beijing.
Pol Pot led the Khmer Rouge during the 1975-1979 reign of terror when an estimated one million Cambodians perished.
Sectarian trouble usually erupts during the Shiite commemoration of the martyrdom of Prophet Muhammed's grand son Imam Hussain on the 10th of Muharram, the first month of the Moslem lunar calendar.
"The government will make use of all machinery at its command to frustrate such designs," she said urging rival sect leaders to avoid provocative speeches during Muharram.
Ramos's remarks came amid preparations for his trip to France, Belgium, Spain and Germany this September during which he is scheduled to meet with the heads of state and business people of these countries in a bid to attract more foreign investments.
She, however, sent a message read during the meeting denouncing Indonesia's alleged "terror" campaign in the former Portuguese colony, which Jakarta invaded and annexed in 1975 -- a move never recognized by the international community.
Tourists began to return to the Kashmir valley this summer after four years during which the picturesque region was transformed from a tourist paradise into a virtual ghost state by Moslem insurgency.
It said its Data Communications Group would achieve profit margins of well over five per cent on sales of over 400 million pounds during the coming year, with margins expected to improve 7.5 percent in the year to March 1996.
Racal shares rose nine pence to 247 on the Stock Exchange during the morning.
London stocks up 1.15 percent at noon-hour  LONDON, June 8 (AFP)  London stocks rose firmly during the first half of the Wednesday session in the wake of strong bond and futures markets and after a larger-than-expected increase in British industrial output in April.
It is expected to be privatized during the first half of next year.
Unlike Solzhenitsyn -- to whom he is related -- who tried to avoid becoming an American during his 18 years in exiled in Vermont, Rostropovich speaks English perfectly and has scheduled concerts here as late as September 1997.
"The heroic city of Aden will receive very special attention for reconstruction and we are sure the future of Aden will be brighter than it was before unification, or during the transition period, when the secessionists continued to rule Aden without any serious reconstruction efforts."
Santkin's protest led to an exchange of views about democracy during which Matteoli told his colleagues that the principles of freedom and democracy would never be questioned in Italy.
He said it had been a "difficult" year for the food industry in general with "food price deflation for the first time in living memory" and a supermarket price war which intensified during the second half of the year.
Shares on the Stock Exchange dipped three pence to 205 during the morning.
Tourists had begun returning to the Kashmir valley this summer after four bloody years during which the picturesque region was transformed from a tourist paradise into a virtual ghost state by Moslem insurgency.
However Goren is not a lone voice in Israel where former defence minister Ariel Sharon said Sunday he regretted that Arafat had not been killed when Israeli troops entered Beirut during the 1982 invasion of Lebanon.
Foreign ministry spokesman Grigory Karasin said Russia had also handed over to US officials all the necessary information concerning the incident during which Russian fighter planes forced a Lockheed C-130 cargo plane to land at the Adler airport near the southern resort town of Sochi.
The flight crew refused to acknowledge Russian air traffic controllers during their radio contacts, the Russians said.
Earlier during the day, the budget bill was rejected in a first round of voting, prompting Duma Speaker Ivan Rybkin to convene an emergency meeting of faction leaders to win over their support.
And for the first time, the two countries which have been in a state of war since 1948, also agreed to refrain from "actions or activities by either side that may adversely affect the security of the other" during peace negotiations.
Delegates from Israel and Jordan agreed on the border commission during bilateral talks in Washington on Monday and Tuesday.
The 20-month period remains one of the most controversial of Clinton's life, threatening at one time to cost him the presidency during his 1992 election campaign.
UN spokesman in Yemen Nejib Friji told reporters later that Brahimi had lunch with Foreign Minister Muhammad Salem Bassandawa, during which the UN envoy focused on the "tragic situation" in Aden.
Akashi said both sides would pursue  negotiations on a political resolution to the conflict during the month-long  truce.
Jean-Christophe Klotz, 32, who works for the French film agency CAPA was hit in the thigh as he went to the southwestern Nyamirambo district with a relief convoy during the first hours of an assignment here.
Southern forces added that their anti-aircraft fire shot down a northern warplane during a failed raid against an "economic" target in Little Aden just outside of the main city, but there was no confimation from the north.
UN spokesman in Yemen Nejib Friji told reporters later that Brahimi had lunch with Foreign Minister Muhammad Salem Bassandawa, during which the UN envoy focused on the "tragic situation" in Aden.
"We warn the government if any harm is caused to the two tourists during search operations, responsibility lies on the government," the statement said.
One killed, three injured as Russian prisoners take 17 hostages  MOSCOW, June 8 (AFP)  Four prisoners took 17 people hostage at a jail in Yekaterinburg in the Urals Wednesday, during which one hostage-taker was killed and three warders were injured, the Russian interior ministry said.
But sitting Democrats will be facing off against Republicans in November, and American voters traditionally go against the party which holds the White House during the mid-term legislative elections.
Italian Marco Pantani, who slashed over five minutes off Berzin's lead during the last two mountain stages, lost 1min 37sec to come third.
"The prime minister was commenting in private two months ago on something said during the Greek elections," Cetin said, adding that her comments had been distorted and given "a totally wrong interpretation."
Jean-Christophe Klotz, 32, who works for the French film agency CAPA, was hit in the thigh in the flashpoint southwestern Nyamirambo district where he had gone with a relief convoy during the first hours of an assignment here, said UN spokesman Philippe Gaillard.
Israel and Jordan agreed to set up the special commission to help resolve the border dispute during talks Monday and Tuesday in Washington.
The commission has conceded it does not have to hand the 200 million dollars in estimated payments needed to compensate victims in category A -- those forced to flee during the occupation -- and category C, who lost property valued in excess of 100,000 dollars.
Senna died from massive head injuries after crashing his Williams- Renault during the San Marino grand prix at Imola on May 1.
He was also seeking Ukrainian aid in modernizing ageing plants that had been built by Ukrainian experts during the Soviet years.
Speaking during the final day of campaigning for Thursday's elections to the European Parliament, British Prime Minister John Major said he "profoundly disagreed" with Kendall's proposal.
Later Brahimi met with acting prime minister Mohammed Said al-Attar and Foreign Minister Mohammed Bassandawa, the official agency SABA said without detailing what occurred during their talks.
Friji told reporters that Brahimi had lunch with Bassandawa, during which the UN envoy focused on the "tragic situation" in Aden.
The Khmer Rouge are held responsible for the massacre of a million people during their reign of terror in Cambodia from 1975 to 1979.
Shelly said the structure and operations of the office were still under discussion, but initially it is expected to serve as a center to compile data on atrocities committed during the Khmer Rouge's rule.
Arnold Kramish, a nuclear physicist whose experience in the nuclear weapons program dates from the Manhattan Project during World War II, expressed doubt that North Korea has the plutonium as feared by the IAEA and the United States.
"I think the Emperor and his wife probably may very well not be back here, (during the Clinton administration) so it is an opportunity for us to have a State Dinner," she added.
There has been little evidence that Akihito's visit will spark any major opposition in the United States short of protests planned by a group charging that Tokyo refuses to accept the truth about atrocities committed by Japanese troops during the Sino-Japanese War in the 1930s.
Rwandan leader seeks regional summit on crisis  TUNIS, June 8 (AFP)  A meeting of heads of state of countries bordering war-torn Rwanda could be held next week during the Organisation of African Unity summit here, a Rwandan leader said Wednesday.
The resolution warned that the Yemen conflict "could endanger peace and stability in the region," a point which Brahimi is likely to impress on Yemeni leaders during his crucial visit.
Iraq on its part wants Iran to return some 148 planes -- 115 military and 33 civil -- which were flown here for safety during the 1991 Gulf.
World Cup officials deny Greeks were robbed  TETERBORO, New Jersey, June 8 (AFP)  There is no evidence to support the Greek national football team's claim that they were robbed during a World Cup warm-up match against against Colombia, police said Wednesday.
Carl Williams, acting superintendent of the New Jersey State Police, said allegations that hotel keys, money and jewelry were stolen during the match on Sunday were unfounded and unsupported.
The tourists and their eight Chinese crew and guides died on March 31 during a pleasure boat cruise on Qiandao Lake in eastern Zhejiang province.
"My father is not suffering from any illness and is in good shape," she told the Youth Daily Wednesday during a visit to a charity, the Hope Project, which helps educate children in poor regions.
Philippines offers Israel a gateway to Asia-Pacific  JERUSALEM, June 9 (AFP)  Foreign Minister Roberto Romulo urged Israel to use the Philippines as a "gateway" for trade to the whole Asia-Pacific region and expressed interest in buying Israeli fighters during a five-day visit.
The US stand follows an AIEA inspectors' report that they could no longer guarantee that plutonium had not been diverted during the discharging of fuel rods from a five-megawatt reactor at Yongbyon.
Israel and Jordan decided this week during talks in Washington to set up a commission on boundaries, water, security and the enviroment.
The decision was conveyed by President Bill Clinton during a meeting Tuesday in Paris with French Prime Minister, Edouard Balladur, the daily said quoting American and French officials in Istanbul, where US Secretary of State Warren Christopher is to attend NATO meetings.
Ruble falls to 1,952 to the dollar  MOSCOW, June 9 (AFP)  The ruble fell by 11 points during trading on Thursday and was quoted at 1,952 to the dollar on the Moscow interbank currency exchange.
Manufactured output during the first quarter of the year was 3.7 percent higher than during the last quarter of last year and industrial output rose by 0.7 percent.
The ministry said that it expected industrial output to accelerate during the second quarter because a decline in the output of energy, reflecting the arrival of the spring, would cease to depress output.
Alcoholics said to kill and eat comrades  MOSCOW, June 9 (AFP)  Several alcoholics allegedly killed three of their friends, cooked and ate them during a mass drinking bout at Artem, near the far eastern Russian city of Vladivostok, ITAR-TASS news agency said Thursday.
Negotiations betwen the DPG union and employers about the status of employees once the postal and telecomunications services have been privatised next year broke down during Wednesday night.
Barcelona's star striker Romario bagged a hat-trick during his hour on the pitch while Bebeto, who plays for Barca's Spanish league rivals Deportivo La Coruna, struck twice as the two men linked up to perfection.
Colin Hawke saw nothing wrong with the English line-outs during the test, whereas they were constantly blown during the provincial matches.
The sources said the three Afghan employees were engaged in filling sand bags in the garage of the MSF office in northern Shahre Nau district late Wednesday when the building took a direct hit during rocketting of the Afghan capital.
The attack, during which 26 shells were fired from Afghanistan, lasted nearly three hours.
Two warplanes downed as UN peace envoy meets Yemen president by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, Yemen, June 9, (AFP)  Two northern Yemeni warplanes were shot down Thursday during raids on Aden airport despite a UN special envoy's call for an immediate end to fighting, witnesses said.
Athletes and spectators are expected to spend 110 million dollars in New York, about the same sum as spent during the US Open tennis championships.
URGENT  SANAA, June 9 (AFP)  President Ali Abdallah Saleh on Thursday declared a ceasefire in the civil war in Yemen during talks with UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi, the SABA news agency reported.
Saleh declares ceasefire  SANAA, June 9 (AFP)  President Ali Abdallah Saleh on Thursday declared a ceasefire in the civil war in Yemen during talks with UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi.
Chinese Foreign Minister Qian Qichen told Han during a working breakfast "we are not in favour of UN Security Council involvement in this issue.
More than 5,000 business surveyed during April and May said they would spend 634 billion dollars in 1994 on constructing and modernizing buildings and upgrading computers ad other equipment, the department said.
Nippon Life said it raised the ratio of lending and bonds in their portfolios during the year while reducing overseas securities investment.
The eight companies meanwhile suffered 377.7 billion yen in bad loans, during the year, with Chiyoda incurring 197.7 billion yen.
NATO says it wants better relations with Russia  ISTANBUL, June 9 (AFP)  The North Atlantic Treaty Organisation wants to deepen its relations with Russia, NATO said in a communique issued during a meeting of foreign ministers here Thursday.
Two jets were shot down by southern anti-aircraft fire during the first raid, witnesses said.
More than 5,000 businesses surveyed during April and May said they would spend 634 billion dollars in 1994 on constructing and modernizing buildings and upgrading computers and other equipment, the department said.
(new series) North declares ceasefire by Laurence Peter  SANAA, June 9 (AFP)  President Ali Abdallah Saleh on Thursday declared a ceasefire in Yemen's month-long civil war during talks here with UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi.
The announcement came after heavy fighting around the southern city of Aden, with reports of two warplanes being shot down during a raid on the airport and seven people killed and 72 wounded in shelling.
Chinese Foreign Minister Qian  Qichen told Han during a working breakfast in Beijing early in the day, "We  are not in favour of UN Security Council involvement in this issue ...
(AFP)     SANAA: President Ali Abdallah Saleh declared another ceasefire in the  civil war in Yemen during talks with UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi.
Earlier in the day two northern Yemeni were shot down  during raids on Aden airport, witnesses said.
A State Department spokeswoman told reporters in Washington Wednesday that the United States was in the process of setting up an office to look into the question of genocide during Khmer Rouge rule.
Around one million Cambodians died of starvation, illness or execution during the radical faction's 1975 to 1979 reign of terror.
Prince Sirivudh said he had raised the issue of military assistance with the respective governments during his European tour.
Colin Hawke saw nothing wrong with the English line-outs during the test, whereas they were constantly blown during the provincial matches.
Gokongwei told stockholders during their annual meeting that his diversified holdings firm, JG Summit Holdings Inc., had earmarked two billion dollars to finance the expansion.
Police probe nets 400 kg of heroin  MUNICH, Germany, June 9 (AFP)  German and Italian police seized some 400 kilogrammes (880 pounds) of heroin and arrested 25 suspects during a year-long undercover operation codenamed Mozart, Bavaria's regional police said here Thursday.
The haul was the total uncovered during the inquiry, police said.
Police added that some staff members of the bank branches searched during the probe are suspected of abetting the smugglers by laundering their proceeds.
The timing of the debate is all the more embarrassing for Clinton as it comes days after he told the European allies during a D-Day 50th anniversary tour of Europe of the need for united action on the Yugoslavian conflict.
Canada, the European Union, Russia, Saudi Arabia and the United States -- the main donor countries -- will examine in particular the planned expenditure of the Palestinian Authority during the closed-door meeting at the French finance ministry on Friday.
The timing of the debate is all the more embarrassing for Clinton as it comes days after he told the European allies during a D-Day 50th anniversary tour of Europe of the need for united action on the Yugoslavian conflict.
It is also seeking Ukrainian aid in modernizing ageing plants built by Ukrainian experts during the Soviet years.
Theories about the cause of the ailments include chemical weapons used by Iraq during the conflict, toxic smoke from the hundreds of burning oil wells and vaccines used to guard US troops against biological warfare.
Other reports said former Mozambique National Resistance (RENAMO) rebels at a UN-supervised assembly point brutally beat one of their senior officials during a mutiny over severance pay on June 1 at Mocubela, about 100 kilometers (62 miles) east of Mocuba.
By 6:00 p.m., 37.7 percent of eligible Danes had voted for 16 deputies, compared with 37.6 percent at the same stage during 1989.
In Britain, where just 38.2 percent voted last time around, a number of London polling stations stayed practically deserted throughout the morning, while in Glasgow, Scotland's largest city, just 19 people voted during the first hour of polling.
A "condominium" is a political term for dividing up a territory into spheres of influence, as Europe was divided into western and Russian halves during the Cold War.
Saleh announced a halt to hostilites in Yemen's month-old civil war during talks in Sanaa with UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi.
The official news agency SABA said Saleh had called the ceasefire during his talks with Brahimi.
Thursday's announcement came after heavy fighting around Aden, with reports of two warplanes being shot down during a raid on the airport and seven people killed in shelling.
The CAC 40 index was off 0.10 percent at the opening and was down as much as 1.5 percent during the session before ending at 2,028.39 points - off 0.90 percent by comparison with the Wednesday close.
The overall fiscal deficit, which had reached 7.9 percent of GDP in fiscal 1992-93, was brought down to less than six percent during 1993-94 by the present government, the minister of state said.
Shahabuddin said the government was aiming to achieve GDP growth of 6.9 percent during the next year, up from the current rate of four percent.
The growth rate had fallen to a record low of about three percent during fiscal 1992-93 because of flood damage to major crops and the adverse impact of a political crisis that led to the fall of the government in July last year.
He said the prosecutors office had told the association the initial report proved Madani died from injuries inflicted during torture, but would not give them any written statement.
He also called for 33 lawyers arrested during a May 17 rally to protest Madani's death to be freed.
BBC journalists and technicians held a series of strikes during several months of 1989 demanding pay increases which they were eventually awarded.
President Ali Abdallah Saleh announced a halt to hostilities in Yemen's month-old civil war during talks in Sanaa with UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi.
Ganic rules out separation of Bosnian foes  SARAJEVO, June 9 (AFP)  The Bosnian government Thursday ruled out the use of United Nations peacekeepers to separate forces on the ground during the one-month ceasefire agreed at UN-mediated talks in Geneva earlier in the week.
Defense Secretary William Perry, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff John Shalikashvili, and Deputy Secretary of State Strobe Talbott gave a joint briefing to more than 100 legislators ahead of Thursday's debate during which they urged them not to vote for a unilateral lifting of the embargo.
Clinton avoided serving in the military during the Vietnam war and protested against the conflict.
As well as providing for peacekeepers, the May 14 accord envisaged the return of more than 200,000 Georgian refugees forced to flee Abkhazia during the war.
It is a deserved reward for ex-Test skipper West, who has steered the champions to Premiership success and to a memorable World Club Challenge victory over Brisbane Broncos during his short spell in charge.
"For instance, one reason may be to employ a player who was getting himself back to fitness during the winter months.
Defense Secretary William Perry, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff John Shalikashvili, and Deputy Secretary of State Strobe Talbott gave a joint briefing to more than 100 legislators ahead of Thursday's debate during which they urged them not to vote for a unilateral lifting of the embargo.
Rival north and south forces moved swiftly to accuse each other of having broken the ceasefire called by President Ali Abdallah Saleh during talks with UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi.
Thursday's ceasefire came after heavy fighting around Aden, with reports of two warplanes being shot down during a raid on the airport and seven people killed in shelling and more than 70 wounded.
It was the first time the NADECO has identified itself with the CD's statement on Wednesday in which it said 'economic activities should be discontinued'' during the ''week of action'' starting on Monday - the day after the first anniversary of last June's ill-fated presidential poll.
SWITZERLAND: Switzerland's final preparations for their first World Cup since 1966 has been overshadowed by the debate that followed reports that manager Roy Hodgson had banned his players from having sex during the finals.
After their 5-0 thrashing of Argentina in Buenos Aires during the qualifiers, there is no team in the tournament that would relish facing the Colombians, who are hoping their elegant play will help transform the country's drugs-tainted image.
Stoichkov, rated one of the best five strikers in the world, clashed repeatedly with Penev during qualifying.
Main goal scoring responsibilities during the World Cup will likely rest with his younger teammates Saeed Owairan and Khalid al-Muwallid however.
Pyongyang has resisted efforts to allow inspections of the facility during the refueling process.
Canada, the European Union, Russia, Saudi Arabia and the United States -- the main donor countries -- will examine the planned expenditure of the Palestinian Authority during a closed-door meeting at the French Finance Ministry in Paris on Friday.
A settlement could be harder to reach because owners now require a three-quarter approval vote of labor deals during a strike instead of a majority vote.
Rival north and south  forces moved swiftly to accuse each other of having broken the ceasefire  called by President Ali Abdallah Saleh during talks with UN special envoy  Lakhdar Brahimi.
Portugal:  Record numbers of the country's eight million voters are forecast to stay away from the polls Sunday, which fall during a long weekend.
The last visit was made in 1975 by Akihito's father Emperor Hirohito, who commanded the Japanese Imperial Army during World War II.
Kinki Coca-Cola Bottling Co. said it is planning a 11 percent cut on 1.5-liter bottles to 290 yen also during the summer.
"I think the Emperor and his wife probably may very well not be back here, (during the Clinton administration) so it is an opportunity for us to have a State Dinner," she added.
The last visit to the United States by a Japanese monarch was made in 1975 by Akihito's father Emperor Hirohito, who commanded the Japanese Imperial Army during World War II.
There has been little evidence that Akihito's visit will spark any major opposition in the United States short of protests planned by a group charging that Tokyo refuses to accept the truth about atrocities committed by Japanese troops during the Sino-Japanese War in the 1930s.
(new series) Prisoner shot dead in mass jail break by Bryan Pearson  JOHANNESBURG, June 10 (AFP)  A prisoner was shot dead early Friday during a mass jail break by inmates who had ealier been holding a warder hostage at Boksburg's Modderbee prison, a Correctional Services spokesman said.
The new product, Rayosan, is similar to a colourless dye that absorbs ultraviolet radiation and is added to material during the weaving process.
An average adult shirt could be treated with Rayosan for 30 Australian cents (22 US cents) during manufacture, Thompson said.
Rival northern and southern forces accused each other of having broken the ceasefire called by President Ali Abdallah Saleh, a northerner, during talks with UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi.
But Ayton revealed an investigation was underway into a recent incident in which Collard alleged that a white officer had defecated in his coffee cup during a party at the Central Law Courts here.
Collard claims he was subjected to racist taunts and ignored by fellow officers at 10 separate postings during his career.
This is the third national-level meeting of the Congress party's leadership after Rao became the prime minister following the assassination of Rajiv Gandhi during an election rally in May 1991.
Rival northern and southern forces accused each other of having broken the ceasefire called by President Ali Abdallah Saleh, a northerner, during talks with UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi.
The decision to send Russian peacekeepers to the region comes during this week's visit by Russian Defence Minister General Pavel Grachev to Armenia, Georgia and Azerbaijan where he is pushing for Russian military retrenchment in the region.
Deng has not been seen in public since February when he was shown on television during the Chinese New Year accompanied by two of his daughters.
Sonia Gandhi, who holds Indian citizenship, sat impassively with her hands folded during her noisy welcome, and later listened attentively to Rao and other leaders.
NATO was hoping that Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev would signal Moscow's response to the offer during Friday's meeting.
NATO was hoping that Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev would signal Moscow's response to the offer during Friday's meeting.
The accord came during an hour-long phone call initiated by Kim, in which the two presidents also agreed that the United States, Japan and South Korea must continue cooperating closely to push for UN Security Council adoption of a resolution on sanctions, spokesman Choo Don Shik said.
Foreign Minister Han Sung-Joo will discuss strategy on sanctions during meetings with visiting US Undersecretary of State Peter Tarnoff and Japanese Foreign Minister Koji Kakizawa here this weekend.
Israel-Jordan accord sealed in secret London meetings  JERUSALEM, June 10 (AFP)  Israeli and Jordanian leaders hammered out the agreement announced this week during a series of secret meetings in London during May and June, Western diplomats said Friday.
"The agreement was prepared in its entirety during these meetings as well as by experts meeting at the same time and only had to be signed in Washington on Tuesday," one diplomat told AFP.
They said that by accepting borders drawn up during the British Mandate over Palestine, Jordan was "giving in to the West Bank being an occupied territory," harming Palestinian rights.
The measure referred to several recent scams during which Russians lost money in investment funds that promised extraordinary returns on initial payments.
Earlier, Correctional Services spokesman Brigadier Chris Olckers said a prisoner was shot dead at Modderbee during a mass jail break by inmates early Friday.
At J.C. Steyn prison on the outskirts of Uitenhague in Eastern Cape province, meanwhile, hundreds of prisoners Friday morning occupied a prison courtyard after using their beds to smash down cell walls during the night, Correctional Services spokesman Paul du Plessis said.
The prisoner referred to fears about contracting the virus which is the precursor of Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) or hepatitis through not using a condom during consensual sex or rape.
The first is to make the military activities of NATO and Russia more transparent, thus overcoming a tradition of suspicion developed during the Cold War.
Dealers are watchful in case a weak currency might be devalued during the two days when markets are closed.
Jennings also announced that the EPRFU had decided not to take any action against Easterns' flank Elandre van der Berg who allegedly trampled England fullback Jonathan Callard during the match, causing a gash which required 25 stitches.
North Korea's refusal to allow IAEA inspectors to take samples during the unloading of fuel from an experimental 5-megawatt nuclear reactor at Yongbyon has exasperated the IAEA.
The accord came during an hour-long phone call initiated by Kim, in which the two presidents also agreed that the United States, Japan and South Korea must continue cooperating closely to push for UN Security Council adoption of a resolution on sanctions, spokesman Choo Don Shik said.
She added that it was not the first report reaching the society "that soldiers used animals for target practice during exercises."
"I think this is a good decision not only for the US and the Royal Government, but also for other countries to understand what the Khmer Rouge did during their (1975-1979) reign and afterwards," Sar Kheng said on his return from an official visit to the United States.
A State Department spokeswoman told reporters in Washington Wednesday, that the United States was in the process of setting up an office to look into the question of genocide during Khmer Rouge rule.
Around one million Cambodians died of starvation illness or execution during the radical faction's reign of terror.
Wu Li-hung, 20, confessed to the crime at the intermediate people's court of Hangzhou, in Zhejiang province, during the first day of the hearing, the United Evening News and China Times Express reported.
The National Democratic Coalition (NADECO) a pro-democracy group which has been championing the cause of Abiola, has declared Saturday a national day of mourning for the "June 12 martyrs", a reference to hundreds of Nigerians who died last year during protests against the annulment of the presidential election.
Former defence minister Ariel Sharon admitted regretting that Arafat had not been killed when Israeli troops had him in their sights after entering Beirut during the 1982 invasion of Lebanon.
Saleh announced the ceasefire during talks with UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi and said his forces would "scrupulously " respect the halt in hostilities.
Born into a peasant family near Haifa in Breiqa village -- which was swept away with the founding of Israel -- he joined a tiny Islamic group during the Arab revolt against British rule in 1936.
Syria, Russia sign 12 military accords  DAMASCUS, June 10 (AFP)  Syria and Russia signed 12 accords on military cooperation during a visit here by Russian army chief of staff General Mikhail Kolesnikov, Russian sources said Friday.
The International Committee of the Red Cross will get 2.4 million dollars to buy food and medicines for the sick and injured in the embattled central African country, where an estimated 500,000 people have been killed in tribal massacres during the past two months.
"We will meet with President Bill Clinton soon to study the question again," he told a press conference, adding that the two men had discussed Bosnian during "a recent telephone conversation."
At J.C. Steyn prison on the outskirts of Uitenhague in Eastern Cape province, meanwhile, hundreds of prisoners Friday morning occupied a prison courtyard after using their beds to smash down cell walls during the night, Correctional Services spokesman Paul du Plessis said.
A price war betwen the two operators during the last 18 months had reduced revenue per passenger by 25 percent to 30 percent, Bonnet said.
The decision to send Russian peacekeepers to the region comes during this week's visit by Grachev, who is regarded across the Transcaucasus as Russia's "real foreign minister", to Armenia, Georgia and Azerbaijan where he is pushing for Russian military retrenchment in the region.
The Peruvian president said that during the meeting with Li he had expressed his regret over the three-year moratorium in allowing new partners to join the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC).
Violent artillery duals erupted on two fronts outside the southern stronghold of Aden late Thursday, about three hours after a ceasefire declared by President Ali Abdallah Saleh during talks with UN envoy Lakhdar Brahimi came into force.
Rival northern and southern forces accused each other of having broken the ceasefire called by President Ali Abdallah Saleh, a northerner, during talks with UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi.
Akihito and Empress Michiko were making the first Japanese imperial visit to the United States in nearly 20 years since the Emperor Hirohito, the commander of the Japanese army during World War II, came in 1975.
Official Angolan radio said clashes between the army and UNITA rebels at Kuito had left 476 dead and more than 500 wounded since May 26, with an upsurge in fighting during the past few hours.
The information given at the briefing included the number of additional flats to be supplied during the next six years, according to the South China Morning Post newspaper.
Sanaa radio said Brahimi felt he had made a "good start" during his three-day visit to the Yemeni capital but "we aspire for much more.
Copper soared during the week to around 2,425 dollars per tonne on Friday, a high since September 1992.
Zinc ended lower during the first half of the week, but then rose in line with copper.
Aluminium rose about 30 dollars during the week to end around 1,386 dollars per tonne.
Tin rose around 70 dollars during the week, ending at 5,690 dollars per tonne, as the metal also rose in copper's wake.
The price of wheat remained at around 110 pounds per tonne during the week, in limited trading.
Akihito, 60 and Empress Michiko, 59 were making the first Japanese imperial visit to the United States in nearly 20 years since the Emperor Hirohito, the commander of the Japanese army during World War II, came in 1975.
The 13-member committee held talks with Lebanese Prime Minister Rafic Hariri and Foreign Minister Fares Bweiz during their week-long visit that began on June 3.
Dealers are always worried that a weak currency might be devalued during a weekend.
London shares see ray of light  LONDON, June 10 (AFP)  After a particularly morose beginning to the year, the London stock exchange this week detected a ray of sunshine, rising during the week on the back of firmer futures.
Copper soars to 17 month high  LONDON, June 10 (AFP)  Copper soared on Friday to a high since September 1992, lifting to 2,425 dollars per tonne during the day, but closed lower after traders took profits, dealers said.
The proposal came after Saleh agreed to a ceasefire during talks Thursday with UN envoy Lakhdar Brahimi, but which collapsed around three hours later.
The new proposal came after Saleh agreed to a ceasefire during talks Thursday with UN envoy Lakhdar Brahimi, but which collapsed around three hours later.
                              But will the "Big One" strike during the World                               Cup?
Despite the demise of those leagues, Rothenberg is bullish on the subject of soccer in the United States, both during the World Cup and after.
Despite the demise of those leagues, Rothenberg is bullish on the subject of soccer in the United States, both during the World Cup and after.
World Cup organizers shake at thought of quake by Pierre Lesourd  LOS ANGELES, California, June 11 (AFP)  Los Angeles has hurried to erase outward traces of the deadly earthquake of January 17, but the thought of the "Big One" striking during the World Cup still makes football officials shake.
The Rose Bowl in nearby Pasadena will host eight matches during the month-long finals, including the final on July 17.
Damage ran into the billions of dollars, but casualties were relatively low because it happened on a bank holiday and not during a commuter rush hour.
Whether either of those temblors will occur during the 31 days of the World Cup, it's impossible to say.
The National Democratic Coalition (NADECO) protest group has declared Saturday a national day of mourning for the "June 12 martyrs," a reference to hundreds of Nigerians who died last year during protests against the cancellation.
The Campaign for Democracy, a NADECO affiliate, has also called for nationwide civil disobedience from Monday during a "national week of action."
Another police official, Nuhu Aliyu, said his men had not been given orders to "shoot on sight" during any possible clashes, saying they had "other ways to maintain order."
In a related development, UN officials said 38-year-old Canadian citizen Victor Edmunds was arrested, taken to an army facility east of the capital and beaten during his 48-hour detention, then released from custody Friday.
"I think the Emperor and his wife probably may very well not be back here, (during the Clinton administration) so it is an opportunity for us to have a State Dinner," she added.
(WASHINGTON) The last visit to the United States by a Japanese monarch was made in 1975 by Akihito's father Emperor Hirohito, who commanded the Japanese Imperial Army during World War II.
There has been little evidence that Akihito's visit will spark any major opposition in the United States short of protests planned by a group charging that Tokyo refuses to accept the truth about atrocities committed by Japanese troops during the Sino-Japanese War in the 1930s.
Saleh agreed to a ceasefire during talks Thursday with UN envoy Lakhdar Brahimi, but it collapsed around three hours later.
Clinton also spent almost an hour on the telephone with South Korean President Kim Young-Sam, during which the two agreed that because of North Korea's intransigence, UN sanctions were now inevitable.
New York committed five turnovers during the Houston hot streak, but settled down to take their first victory here since 1988.
Earlier in the week, Bicamumpaka said he had asked the OAU to hold a meeting of heads of state of the countries bordering Rwanda during next week's summit, and to to try to arrange direct talks between the two sides.
The victims were mostly pavement-dwellers either found dead on the streets or brought unconscious to hospitals with symptoms of sunstroke and dehydration during the afternoon, a police spokesman said.
Details of the letter containing the alleged defamatory remarks against Barker cannot be published unless they are mentioned in court during the proceedings.
US and Japanese officials are to exchange views on the proposals during vice-ministerial talks that started here Friday as part of US- Japan framework talks.
Mwanja, however, said a joint operations committee had agreed to resettle the refugees elsewhere, away from locals as with some one million Mozambican refugees who settled in Malawi during their country's 17-year civil war.
At the meeting, Hosokawa, leader of the Japan New Party, pledged to play a key role in reorganising the current political framework as part of reforms he had promised to complete during his eight-month term.
He added that talks to this end between UN and Bosnian Serb officials were expected to be held during the day Saturday.
They also asked school officials to exempt Moslem women from wearing shorts during physical education classes.
New York committed five turnovers during the Houston hot streak, but settled down to take their first victory here since 1988.
They also asked school officials to exempt Moslem women from wearing shorts during physical education classes.
He arrives in Chicago Saturday and will return here June 18, scheduling talks during his stay on enticing US-investment to Bolivia.
Yashin also told an interviewer from the "Sports in Russia" magazine from where the Vietnamese publication took its article that he would be travelling to the United States during the month-long finals to attend the presentation of a football award bearing his name.
On Wednesday, former president Valery Giscard d'Estaing questioned the wisdom of Mitterrand's decision, during a televised appearance.
Iryani said Brahimi did not put forward any new proposals during his visit, apart from those contained in the UN resolution, which called for an immediate ceasefire and resumption of dialogue between the warring sides.
He added that talks to this end between UN and Bosnian Serb officials were expected to be held during the day Saturday.
In a related development, representatives of the Bosnian government were due to meet Serb authorities at Sarajevo airport during the day Saturday to discuss prisoner releases agreed under the Geneva accord.
It was the first reported kidnapping attempt of a Westerner since the last Western hostage was released in 1991 following a wave of abductions during the Lebanese civil war.
It was the first reported kidnapping attempt of a Westerner since the last Western hostage was released in 1991 following a wave of abductions during the Lebanese civil war.
12 injured in youth-police clash in Pakistani Kashmir  MUZAFFARABAD, Pakistan-controlled Kashmir, June 11 (AFP)  At least a dozen people, including four policemen, were injured during a clash between Kashmiri youth and police here Saturday, police officials said.
Significant progress came during the past week after talks in Washington with Turkey's undersecretary for foreign affairs, Ozdem Sanberk, officials said.
Illingworth, the chairman of selectors, is known to rate him, while West Indies superbat Brian Lara reckons no bowler has given him more trouble during the early stages of the season.
Although they said they were ready for dialogue during talks last week with UN envoy Lakhdar Brahimi, officials in Sanaa have nonetheless rejected a rapprochement with Baid for whom they have issued an arrest warrant.
Germany, France, Spain to give EU new impetus: Kohl  BIELEFELD, Germany, June 11 (AFP)  Chancellor Helmut Kohl pledged Saturday that Germany, France and Spain would give the EU "new impetus" during the coming 18 months as incumbents of the rotating European Union presidency, a news report said.
He added that talks to this end between UN and Bosnian Serb officials were expected to be held during the day Saturday.
Limonov, a novelist who fled to the west in the 1970s during Soviet rule, said the meeting criticised leading opposition figures, such as former vice president Alexander Rutskoi, who led the October insurgency, and ultra-nationalist leader Vladimir Zhirinovsky, for "betraying the essential principles" of the struggle against the authorities.
87 prisoners at large after jailbreak  JOHANNESBURG, June 11 (AFP)  Eighty-seven prisoners were still at large Saturday after a jailbreak during riots at Modderbee prison just east of here, a Correctional Services spokesman said.
Two Florida residents filed a complaint June 1 against Jones for hindering the contract the president made with the voters during the election.
Armao was hired to accompany her during the visits.
Manfred Stolpe, minister-president of Brandenburg state, thanked the Russian officers for their policy of neutrality during the events that led to the collapse of the East German regime in the final months of 1989.
Valentim is the only person ignoring a press blackout imposed on the seven-month-long secret talks in the Zambian capital, "In the context of national reconciliation, all the first 70 deputies elected on the UNITA list during the September 1992 legislative parliamentary elections, shall, except in cases provided for under the 1992 law, be installed in their functions in the National Assembly," said Valentim.
Having missed the First Test thrashing at Trent Bridge because of a torn hamstring, their most experienced paceman began making up for lost time by yorking Simon Hinks during his first over for three weeks.
Yemen's northern President Ali Abdallah Saleh called a second ceasefire for Thursday during talks with Brahimi in Sanaa, and then declared another truce for midnight Friday.
The paper quoted Norman Covert, army spokesman at Fort Detrick, Maryland, as saying the defunct Biological Warfare Center spread zinc cadmium sulfide over Minneapolis and more than a dozen cities between 1950 and 1968 to learn how toxic chemicals would disperse during biological warfare.
Bosnian Serbs, Moslems begin talks on prisoner exchange  SARAJEVO, June 11 (AFP)  Bosnian Serbs and Moslems agreed to work out a timetable for prisoner exchanges Saturday during a meeting at Sarajevo airport, following a truce agreed in Geneva this week, an ICRC official said.
Drunk driver ordered to keep photos of victims  HOUSTON, Texas, June 11 (AFP)  A drunken driver who smashed into a family car, killing the parents and injuring two children, has been ordered to keep a photograph of his victims during his prison sentence.
Steinbrenner responded to an appeal from USA Baseball during US Olympic Committee meetings here, but backed away at the idea of giving up top major league players for the Summer Games in the middle of the US season.
A copy of the speech was obtained by AFP during Saturday night.
A copy of the speech was obtained by AFP during Saturday night.
A copy of the speech was obtained by AFP during Saturday night.
Last year, dozens of people were killed in clashes between demonstrators and soldiers or police during protests against the poll cancellation.
(AFP)     SARAJEVO: Bosnian Serbs and Moslems agreed to work out a timetable for  prisoner exchanges during a meeting at Sarajevo airport, following a truce  agreed in Geneva earlier in the week, an ICRC official said.
They are in billions of dollars because the infrastructure and public utilities have been badly damaged," Asnaj told AFP during a visit to Abu Dhabi.
The country's economic problems were further worsened during the Gulf crisis when Saudi Arabia expelled more than 700,000 Yemenis in retaliation for Sanaa's perceived sympathy with the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait in August 1990.
Harrison arrived in Beijing Saturday, ending a four-day visit to Pyongyang, during which he met with Kim.
But he said that the project had greater chances of success than efforts to develop a new variety that would hike rice harvests in the irrigated lands from 6.5 tonnes per hectare to 10 tonnes during the same time frame.
From 1985 to 1993, the rice production growth rate was at 1.4 percent annually, compared to population expansion during the same period of 1.8 percent, he said.
A spokeswoman for Future Television told AFP Saturday's order came after the station broadcast a "political information" during the evening current events program Alam al-Massa.
The government plans to announce a law regulating the media in Lebanon, where dozens of illegal radio and television stations sprouted up during the 1975-1990 civil war.
Official Israeli delegations went for the first time to Oman and Qatar during April for multilateral Middle East peace talks.
China and North Korea have had a long relationship, strengthened during the Korean War and enduring in a period when both countries feel somewhat isolated because of the collapse of communism elsewhere.
The mission is to report back Wednesday, and further missions will be organised during the week.
The mission is to report back Wednesday, and further missions will be organised during the week.
Schneerson urged Israeli forces to occupy Moslem West Beirut during the 1982 invasion.
Bertrand said that a number of incidents had occured during the exercise but these did not, he said, mean there would be further delays in opening up the tunnel to passenger traffic.
Iran bans Shiites from slashing heads in martyr ceremony  TEHRAN, June 12 (AFP)  Iran has banned the world's Shiite Moslems from cutting their heads during annual ceremonies to mourn a seventh-century religious leader killed in battle.
The interior ministry on orders from spiritual leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei outlawed the practice known as "qameh-zani" which takes place during the Ashura holiday, the official IRNA news agency said Saturday.
Four shells fall near Red Cross hospital in Kigali  KIGALI, June 12 (AFP)  Four shells fell within 10 metres (yards) of the hospital run by the Red Cross in central Kigali during heavy shelling Sunday, UN officials said.
David Zucker, head of the parliamentary law commission, said during a weekend debate on Israeli military radio: "With hindsight, I think this execution has somewhat concealed the horrors of the Shoah" or Holocaust.
Eichmann recommended ways to improve the efficiency of gas ovens used to kill Jews in concentration camps set up by the Nazis during the Second World War after he visited the Auschwitz camp in 1944.
Korean archer shoots perfect score SEOUL, June 12  (AFP) - Korean archer Han Seung Hoon set a world record with a perfect score over 30 metres during the elimination rounds of an international tournament here on Sunday.
Hariri publicly ruled out a separate peace deal with Israel late Saturday during a speech in Sidon and said Israeli attacks "will not force us to sign a separate peace with Israel or even consider discussing such a deal."
A 32-point peace agreement was worked out during talks from February 21 to March 2 at the cathedral in San Cristobal de las Casas, a provincial Chiapas city dating from the colonial era.
In July 1982, he urged Israeli forces to occupy Moslem West Beirut during the invasion of Lebanon.
The rate compared with 24.78 percent at the corresponding time during the previous 1989 Euro-vote.
In 1990, the GDP plunged by 10.4 percent due to the damage of the economies of Iraq and Kuwait during the Gulf crisis.
"But if we look back at the performance of Arab economies over the past years, we find that the high growth in the per capita income achieved during the 1970s has almost disappeared during the following decade."
China abstained during a vote at the IAEA in Vienna on Friday which led to the suspension of technical aid to North Korea.
Busy season for Indian cricketers  NEW DELHI, June 12 (AFP)  India will host a West Indies tour and take part in no fewer than five one-day tournaments during the 1994-95 season, the Indian Cricket Board announced here Sunday.
It was the first reported kidnap attempt of a Westerner since the last Western hostage was released in 1991 following a wave of abductions during the Lebanese civil war.
Abacha, during his address Sunday, made no specific mention of Abiola or recent events, but said his administration had "undertaken to lay a solid foundation for the growth of genuine democracy in our country" and was "determined to accomplish this historic task."
Overall participation in the west appeared well down on 1989, with just 20.2 percent of the electorate having voted during the morning.
Sidecar horror crash at Hockenheim  HOCKENHEIM, Germany, June 12 (AFP)  British motorcyclist Simon Prior and Austrian Christian Parzer were seriously injured in a horrifying sidecar crash during the German Grand Prix on Sunday.
Parzer and fellow countryman Klaus Klaffenboeck lost control of their sidecar at more than 200kmh (125mph) during the 14th lap of the high- speed circuit.
"I've done nothing wrong" he said during a sometimes testy interview on CBS television.
This compared with 24.78 percent at the corresponding time during the 1989 election.
Mandela meets Moroccan king on private visit  RABAT, June 12 (AFP)  South African President Nelson Mandela met with King Hassan II of Morocco here Sunday during his first trip abroad since taking office last month.
Mandela, here on a private visit, thanked the king for what he called Morocco's strong support for the African National Congress during its 30-year struggle to end apartheid.
South Africa, shunned by the OAU during the apartheid era, was recently taken in as a member following all-race elections in April that brought the ANC to power with Mandela as president.
Sidecar passengers fight for life  HOCKENHEIM, Germany, June 12 (AFP)  Britain's Simon Prior and Austrian Christian Parzer were fighting for their lives after a horrifying sidecar crash during the German Grand Prix here on Sunday.
But northern troops backing President Ali Abdallah Saleh shelled the port during the ship's four-hour berth.
With Brahimi flying in to Mukalla to meet Baid, the north offered a five-day period for dialogue and said it would not bombard the city during the envoy's visit.
Berzin said he felt the race was won on the hill climbs during the Aprica stage.
In addition, he said he believed that "during the Cold War, the role of the UN was underestimated.
Trouble continues in South African prisons  JOHANNESBURG, June 12 (AFP)  An inmate was killed Sunday during rioting in a jail near Cape Town, the latest flare-up of South African prison strife, officials said.
Two other prisoners at Modderbee jail near Johannesburg were killed during rioting and a mass escape on Thursday.
The prisoners have been demanding to be released under an amnesty alluded to by President Nelson Mandela during his inauguration on May 10.
They had been living in Ramadi, west of Baghdad, and some had been POWs during the 1980-1988 war between Iran and Iraq.
British rider fights for life  HOCKENHEIM, Germany, June 12 (AFP)  Britain's Simon Prior was fighting for his life after a horrifying sidecar crash during the German Grand Prix here on Sunday.
Bajamal, renewing charges against Riyadh linked to tension during the 1990-1991 Gulf crisis, said the government needed "a simple affirmation that Saudi Arabia has no interest in this."
asked the official, whose country voiced support for Iraq during the Gulf War.
Saddam, who was also appointed prime minister at the end of May, "gave instructions for an improvement in the standard of living for public sector workers" during a cabinet meeting, said INA, monitored at Nicosia.
In addition, he said he believed that "during the Cold War, the role of the UN was underestimated.
Unser led most of the race, but Tracy pulled close behind during a caution period for a crash by England's Nigel Mansell.
Opinion polls published during the election campaign had predicted a clear victory for the Socialists.
Moran became foreign minister in the Socialist government in 1982 but resigned three years later, considered too hostile toward NATO during Spain's referendum on joining the western security alliance and too independent for Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez.
He became active in Manuel Fraga's Popular Alliance during the 1970s, serving as a senator, deputy and vice-president of the alliance.
In vain, he tried to rally the forces of the left with his call for a "big bang" to unite centrists, ecologists and the left during the legislative campaign of 1993.
Mouskouri did not return to Greece during the reign of the junta, although her records were widely available -- unlike those of Melina Mercouri and anti-junta composer Mikis Theodrakis.
Transport minister in the outgoing government, Maij-Weggen caused a sensation at the start of her mandate by interrupting MPs during a parliamentary debate -- breaking with long-established political practice here.
A media darling, Monteiro's fiery rhetoric during the European Parliament campaign forced other parties to take notice and add a touch of nationalism to their platforms as well.
The joint venture was decided during an official visit here by Cuban government minister Arturo Guzman to restart bilateral economic cooperation.
Meanwhile the Haaretz newspaper reported that the government had decided not to allow Arafat to enter east Jerusalem during his visit to the autonomous Palestinian areas which is expected to take place sometime this month.
Asset sales spark new divisions in Australian government by Jack Taylor  SYDNEY, June 13 (AFP)  Divisions in Australia's governing Labor Party over privatisation re- emerged during party conferences which ended on Monday with demands for new taxes on the rich instead of an extension of state asset sales.
And left wing delegates to the New South Wales state conference in Sydney, urged the government, during often rowdy debate, to "oppose the sale of government-owned assets which provide service and equity to the community."
The rows evoked memories of battles over privatisation of nationalised enterprises, such as the national flag-carrier Qantas and the Commonwealth Bank, that bitterly divided the party during the 1980s.
Prime Minister Paul Keating has been the champion of privatisation since he persuaded the party in 1990 to abandon the concept of public ownership, enshrined as one of its most sacred and enduring policies since the 1920s.
Although a motion urging the party to oppose the sale of government- owned airports was defeated at the New South Wales conference, privatisation is set to dominate debate in the lead-up to and during Labor's national conference in September.
"Heavy trading losses incurred during the year (1993) by some corporate users of derivatives products added to concerns about the way in which these instruments had been used," the bank said.
The FEFC, which groups some one dozen shipping lines, half of which are active in the area affected by the Yemeni civil war, last imposed a war surcharge of several hundred US dollars during the 1991 Gulf War.
EMS bands likely to remain relaxed for some time Lamfalussy BASLE, Switzerland, June 13 (AFP) - The amounts by which currencies in the European monetary system (EMS) are permitted to fluctuate are unlikely to be reduced during the next few months, the president of the Bank for International Settlements (BIS), Alexandre Lamfalussy said here on Monday.
Lamfalussy said that the Austrian currency had filled the criteria to be one of the hard-core currencies in the EMS "during the last 15 years".
Excluding food, drink, tobacco and oil products, output prices rose by 0.1 percent last month and by 2.0 percent during the 12 months.
Gol, who was Belgian justice minister from 1982 to 1988, entered politics in 1962 after strikes in 1960-61 during which French-speaking Wallonia revolted against its declining industrial base and the perceived indifference in the ruling francophone elite in Brussels to its plight.
Price stability remains goal, but banks vary on rates: BIS  BASLE, Switzerland, June 13 (AFP)  Price stability remains the ultimate goal of the main central banks but they vary more now than before on interest rate policy during a recession, the central bankers' bank said here Monday.
That is England manager Jack Rowell's assessment of his team's performance during their four-week tour of South Africa in which they played eight matches, lost five and won three.
"We know what awaits us during the World Cup next year."
Ten worshippers were killed and 54 others wounded in the bombing of Our Lady of the Deliverance Church during a Sunday mass in the Christian heartland north of Beirut.
Gonzalez said only that he would "think about" the idea, while all the leading socialist ministers interviewed during the night ruled out drawing any hasty conclusions from Sunday's votes.
It said the road in question had been cleared and demined by the Jordanian UN battalion in the region during the day.
Liu made the comment during a meeting here with North Korean chief of staff General Choi Gwang, the official news agency said.
President Nelson Mandela formally brings South Africa into the OAU as its 53rd member during this week's summit.
Several babies were born during the festival and others were believed conceived during the three days.
One thousand security guards will be on duty during the concert.
The 13 defendants, mostly Pakistanis with British citizenship, were indicted on forgery and other charges last year but they have pleaded not guilty during the trial which opened in October.
"Even during the Gulf war, when traffic fell by 30 percent, we were told the Heathrow airport was over loaded."
Most British airlines have objected to the conditions that only four return flights a day may be operated and that no aircraft with fewer than 200 seats may use use the airport during rush hours from 1995.
Berlusconi was criticized during campaigning for the Euro-elections for having launched blanket advertising for his party on television channels, in particular ones owned by him, and in a nationwide poster campaign.
The statue ironically stands on a plinth with an inscription from Mao -- "Fire on the Headquarters" -- urging radicals to take action against bourgeois elements during the Cultural Revolution.
"We welcome you not as visitors, but as honored guests and old friends," Clinton said in the outdoor ceremony during a warm, humid morning.
Public transport was off the roads during the day-long protest which coincided with a similar strike in the Indian-controlled Moslem- majority Kashmir valley.
The agreement was signed Saturday during Defence Minister Pavel Grachev's visit to Baku, the capital of the Caucasian republic.
Zapatista rebels want to break the effective stranglehold on power that the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) has held for 65 years during which it has regularly been accused of election fraud and voter intimidation.
Significant progress came during the past week after talks in Washington with Turkey's undersecretary for foreign affairs, Ozdem Sanberk, according to US officials.
This reactor was destroyed during the nuclear disaster of 1986.
But in addition to his remark about free trade, Clinton recalled that during Akihito's first visit to the United States in 1953, the US hosts were proud to unveil "a brand new technology.
After the welcoming ceremony the Japanese imperial couple met with the US president and First Lady inside the White House before returning to Blair House, just across the road, where they are staying during the Washington leg of their US tour.
As the imperial car drove out of the White House gates it was faced with some 30 women shouting protests and holding a banner reading "Full redress for Japan's sex slavery," a reference to forced prostitution of Asian women during World War II.
Cellist Mstislav Rostropovich will perform during the dinner.
EU-Russia deal might not be ready on time, say diplomats  LUXEMBOURG, June 13 (AFP)  The European Union might not be ready to sign a partnership and cooperation agreement with Russia as scheduled next week, diplomats said during a meeting of EU foreign ministers here Monday.
In the first quarter of this year, it flew 18 percent more passengers than during the same period last year.
Dhlakama meanwhile counter-accused FRELIMO of using children not only in the war for national independence but even after taking power in 1975, adding that some government soldiers demobilised during the current peace process were under 15 at the time the accord was signed.
Top Exxon executives testified during the trial, which began May 2 here, that Hazelwood was monitored closely but presented no supporting evidence.
Responding to questions, Peres repeated Israel's insistence that the status of Jerusalem as an Israeli city was not up for negotiation during the first two years of the Israeli-Palestinian autonomy accord.
Clinton and Yeltsin discussed North Korea "at some length" during a 25-minute telephone conversation, White House spokeswoman Dee Dee Myers said.
The north is now advancing on Mukalla itself, but has given assurances it would not be attacked during Brahimi's mission.
He travelled to Finland and, passing himself off as a well-dressed, impeccably mannered businessman, lived a life of luxury during the period 1990-91 on fraudulently obtained goods and funds, prosecutors said.
Swiss posthumously rehabilitate their Schindler  BERN, June 13 (AFP)  The Swiss government Monday posthumously rehabilitated a former police commander who was sacked and prosecuted for saving 3,000 Jewish refugees during World War II.
His case received renewed attention with the release of the Holocaust film "Schindler's List," about German industrialist Oskar Schindler, who saved more than 1,000 Jews during the war.
Switzerland, determined to maintain its neutrality during World War II, discovered Grueninger's secret, dismissed him from the force and started legal proceedings against him.
Foreign ministers of other EU countries meeting here on Monday wanted to keep the Euro-parliament at arm's length during the committee's early work.
Seven killed during funeral in Iraqi Kurdistan  ARBIL, Iraq, June 13 (AFP)  Gunmen opened fire Monday on thousands of mourners at the funeral of a slain Kurdish official in northern Iraq, killing seven and wounding 47, a UN official said.
The official in this northern town, asking not to be named, said the attack took place in the town of Sulaymaniyeh during the funeral of Osman Qadir Munawar, a leader of the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP).
He was killed during fighting between the KDP and the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK), which have been locked in a violent power struggle since early last month.
But in addition to his remark about free trade, Clinton recalled that during Akihito's first visit to the United States in 1953, the US hosts were proud to unveil "a brand new technology.
After the welcoming ceremony the Japanese imperial couple met with the US president and First Lady inside the White House before returning to Blair House, just across the road, where they are staying during the Washington leg of their US tour.
The meeting was strictly private with an interpretor being the only other person present in the room, said Hideo Kagami, press spokesman for the imperial couple during their US trip.
As the imperial car drove out of the White House gates it was faced with some 30 women shouting protests and holding a banner reading "Full redress for Japan's sex slavery," a reference to forced prostitution of Asian women during World War II.
Cellist Mstislav Rostropovich will perform during the dinner.
The New York Times quoting senior administration officials reported Monday that some 30 Latin American and Caribbean countries had backed a plan during a meeting of the Organization of American States (OAS) in Brazil last week for a US military invasion of Haiti if the sanctions failed.
"We do not discuss details during the match, only after the game is over do we go over what went wrong," he said.
Baltic premiers demand withdrawal of Russian troops  TALLINN, June 13 (AFP)  The prime ministers of the three Baltic countries reaffirmed demands Monday for the unconditional withdrawal of Russian troops from Estonia and Latvia, during a meeting here in the Estonian capital.
But Castro, who has led Cuba during the last three decades, should also be prepared for plenty of criticism.
Clinton and Yeltsin discussed North Korea "at some length" during a 25-minute telephone conversation on Monday, Myers said.
Spokesman Miguel Alfonso said 17 men and three women had occupied the embassy in an "obvious provocation" aimed at embarrassing the Cuban government during an official visit by Mexican President Carlos Salinas de Gortari.
Mexican president calls for end to US embargo against Cuba  HAVANA, June 13 (AFP)  Mexican President Carlos Salinas de Gortari called for an end to the 32-year-old ban on trade with Cuba during his first official visit to the communist island nation on Monday.
(AFP) FIFA says drink up FIFA have dispelled rumours that players would be banned from drinking during matches.
"The FIFA medical committee encourages all players and team staff to drink liquids before, during and after matches," the sport's governing body said Monday.
(AFP) Sex please, we're American Unlike some of his counterparts, US manager Bora Milutinovic decided not to ban his players from having sex during the World Cup.
Clinton pledged during his 1992 election campaign that he would restore hope to people unable to escape the vicious cycle of poverty and government handouts.
They were brought together by President Gnassingbe Eyadema of Togo during the three-day summit, which opened Monday.
The emperor responded by saying that he had been deeply impressed so far during his US visit and that he and the empress looked forward to building their knowledge of the United States.
The 60-year-old emperor responded by saying that he had been deeply impressed so far during his US visit and that he and the empress, 59, looked forward to getting to know the United States better.
No mention of politics has been made during the visit, despite  thorny problems in trade talks between the two nations.
"If the police are still there Wednesday at 1300 GMT (9.30 p.m.) I will start a hunger strike," said Wang, who returned to Beijing on Sunday after spending time in Shangdon province, east China, to avoid trouble with police during the fifth anniversary of the June 4 Tiananmen massacre.
said Tuesday they had frozen monthly starting salaries, which now stand at a little less than 200,000 yen (1,900 dollars), during spring labor negotiations.
International Olympic Committee president Juan Antonio Samaranch told reporters during a recent visit here that Sydney was generally ahead of schedule for the staging of the Games.
The defendants, mostly Pakistanis with British citizenship, were indicted on fraud and other charges last year but had pleaded not guilty during the trial which opened in October.
The six lumberjacks told a press conference that they had to work for 16 to 22 hours a day during logging seasons, but added they were paid several times higher than in North Korea.
said on Tuesday that they had frozen monthly starting salaries, now standing at a little less than 200,000 yen (1,900 dollars), during spring labour negotiations.
Many of those companies are saying that starting salaries had been increased to unrealisitic levels during the years of the "bubble economy" in the late 1980s.
The message was conveyed by Foreign Minister Han Sung-Joo over a two- hour lunch here before Carter's departure Wednesday for a four-day visit to the North during which he will meet with 82-year-old President Kim Il-Sung.
Seshan's tough reforms, including limits on election expenditure and the banning of the use of graffiti and loudhailers during campaigns, have irked politicians from many parties.
"The hunting down of collaborators is contrary to the (autonomy) agreement and we will draw the necessary conclusions for everything which is linked to the question of prisoners," Rabin said during a visit to Vered Jericho, a Jewish settlement overlooking the self-rule enclave of Jericho.
The defence ministry says nearly 1,000 Palestinians were murdered as collaborators by fellow Palestinians during the intifada or uprising which began in December 1987.
Sarawak Industrial Development Minister Abang Johari Openg was quoted by Bernama news agency as saying late Monday talks with the Chinese company were held recently during the visit of a trade delegation to China and Hong Kong.
The agreement was reached during a 12-day fifth round of border talks between China and a joint delegation of four countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) -- Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan -- that ended here Tuesday, Xinhua said.
"Ma was nude during the gathering but his show was purely artistic and had no political message," one of the artist's friends said.
Chancellor Helmut Kohl had appealed for clemency for 59-year-old Helmut Szimkus during a meeting Monday with Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati, who is on a private visit to Bonn.
Tuesday, Velayati conferred with German Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel, a former BND intelligence agency chief who had given high priority to the Szimkus affair and had even visited the prisoner in jail during a trip to Iran in 1992.
Velayati, a pediatrician who still teaches at the Tehran medical school, is to attend a medical seminar during his German visit.
Seshan's tough reforms, including limits on election expenditure and the banning of the use of graffiti and loudhailers during campaigns, have irked many politicians.
Observers said results of the vote and Occhetto's ensuing resignation set up the stage for a tough leadership contest at a time when voters in Italy have swung to the center-right as demonstrated during the Sunday vote and general elections March 27-28.
He also said they all feared for their lives from acts of revenge by relatives of collaborators they had killed during the intifada, or uprising.
reopens (BONN) Government spokesman Hans-Dietrich Vogel said Kohl had been informed of the pardon Monday, but did not say whether the announcement was made during his meeting with Velayati.
London stocks up 0.4 percent at noon-hour  LONDON, June 14 (AFP)  London stocks made a modest advance during the first half of the Tuesday trading session, encouraged by a higher futures market, traders said.
(correcting first para)  reopens (BONN) Government spokesman Dieter Vogel said Kohl had been informed of the pardon Monday, but did not say whether the announcement was made during his meeting with Velayati.
Veteran wing John Kirwan and prop Richard Loe, who served a six month suspension for eye gouging during the 1992/3 season, have both been recalled to the team announced here Tuesday.
He speculated that the dollar could fall to 1.6380 marks during the session.
Zagorski predicted the market would continue to rally during the session but that trading would be moderate.
In the book, the second volume of a trilogy entitled "On Russia's Destiny," Zhirinovsky calls for Russia's borders to be enlarged by force, a call he also made during last December's electoral campaign.
The delegation told reporters during a stopover in Beijing on Tuesday that the Chinese source indicated the possibility of talks before the delegation left the Chinese capital for Pyongyang, the Japanese reports said.
Idris's KUBB outfit recorded a marginal increase in pre-tax profit to 15.5 million ringgit for calendar year 1992, from 15.2 million ringgit during the previous period.
Meanwhile, the French Vallourec firm, which specializes in seemless tubes, announced Tuesday that its turnover during the first five months of the year was 21 percent up on the same period last year.
Meanwhile the French Vallourec firm which specializes in seemless tubes Tuesday announced that its turnover during the first five months of the year was 21 percent up on the same period last year.
"Eighty percent of the city's infrastructure such as electricity, water, roads and telephone systems was destroyed during the Soviet invasion and the ensuing civil war," he said.
Rabin said the two countries otherwise enjoyed "good relations," during his meeting with Collenette at the defence ministry here.
Munawar was killed near the Iranian border during fighting between the KDP and the PUK, which have been locked in a violent power struggle since early last month.
The statement said US nationals faced more dangers during the rule of elected president Jean-Bertrand Aristide, who is living in exile in the United States and is backed by Washington.
The statement maintained that attacks during Aristide's seven-month rule "cost the liberty of about 10 US citizens who nearly died a tragic death by lynching" and said the violence was "inspired by the violent anti-American statements of president Aristide."
Brazilian coach Jose Candido was fired last October during the final Asian group qualifying after a draw with arch political enemies Iraq.
Speaking during the daily Question Period in the House of Commons, Chretien indicated that he had the support of both French President Francois Mitterrand and British Prime Minister John Major.
The Canadian leader met with both men during last week's D-Day anniversary celebrations, before he visited Canadian troops serving as United Nations peacekeepers in the former Yugoslavia.
Bates, 31, who needed on-court treatment during a 6-4, 1-6, 4-6 defeat said: "I'm sure it's not serious.
A Cuban Foreign Ministry spokesman said Monday the incident at the German mission was an "obvious provocation" aimed at embarrassing the Cuban government during a visit by Mexican President Carlos Salinas de Gotari and just before Castro's departure for the summit.
An underground production studio was shut down during the raids and 14 cinemas were closed last month for showing blue movies.
The allegations first surfaced during the High Court action between Sugar and former manager, and now England supremo, Terry Venebles, for control of the Club last Summer.
But the volatile 26-year-old did his image no good at all on Monday when he was at the centre of a stormy scene during a championship match against Somerset.
The dollar ranged from 1.6405 and 1.6465 German marks during the day and could soon hit 1.6380 German marks, said Frances Kirkland, a trader with American Security Bank.
(new series) Croatia, Bosnia pledge closer cooperation against Serbs  SARAJEVO, June 14 (AFP)  Croatia and Bosnia pledged closer cooperation Tuesday, including joint defence against Serb forces, during Croatian President Franjo Tudjman's first visit to Bosnia-Hercegovina since war broke out more than two years ago.
(AFP) Hidegkuti honoured for sportsmanship Nandor Hidegkuti, one of the great Hungarian team of the 1950s, has been nominated for the FIFA fair play award for his conduct during his playing career and later as a manager.
(AFP) Serbs stick together Los Angeles Lakers basketball star Vlade Divac tried his hand at a little goalkeeping during a visit to the US football team's training center.
The imperial couple took the day off from official Washington to close out their three days in the capital during which they studiously avoided any substantive comments other than to praise the US-Japan relationship.
That had been his message Monday at an official welcoming ceremony on the White House lawn during the morning and at the State Dinner in the evening attended by 180 of the biggest names in US politics, business and showbiz.
"In addition, any detainee can lodge a complaint with the judge responsible for considering the prolongation of his detention or during his trial."
A bloody glove found during a police search of Simpson's home matched one found next to the bodies of Nicole Simpson and Ronald Goldman discovered outside her condominium Monday, the Los Angeles Times and the Daily News reported.
Warring Rwanda factions agree to ceasefire, according to rebels by Marc Hutten  TUNIS, June 15 (AFP)  The warring parties in Rwanda have agreed to an immediate ceasefire in their two-month-old conflict, an official with the rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) announced here during a summit of African leaders.
The red-haired, mustachioed 23-year-old has been under contract to the US national team at its center in Mission Viejo, but he would like nothing better than to catch the eye of an overseas talent scout during the World Cup.
It does not want to be sidelined during Germany's six-month presidency of the European Union which begins July 1.
In the first-ever such testimony on television, the soldier said he would beat up between 10 and 15 prisoners a day during interrogations led by an agent of the Shin Beth secret service.
Two British soldiers killed during training in Canada  MEDICINE HAT, Canada, June 15 (AFP)  Two British soldiers were killed Tuesday while taking part in what was described as a routine training exercise at Canadian Forces Base Suffield in southern Alberta.
Last Thursday, another soldier, Private Mark Smith, died at the same base when a Land Rover collided with an armoured personnel carrier during a live firing exercise.
The Times and the Daily News reported Tuesday that a bloody glove found during a search of Simpson's home matched one found next to the bodies of Nicole Brown Simpson, 35, and Ronald Goldman, 25.
is to slash its head office staff by almost 20 percent during the next two years, cutting the number of employees by about 300 to 1,300, a newspaper reported on Wednesday.
The call came during a trade conference chaired by Hata which included 21 business leaders from Japan and three from the United States, Germany and Thailand.
As during Wednesday's exercise, a broadcast on a national hookup from South Korea's civil defense headquarters blared through all office blocks and shopping centers, reporting an imaginary bombing of petrochemical plants in the southern industrial complex of Yochon.
The policy-making central council of the bank, which meets every two weeks, is not due to meet during August.
Cabinet discusses Mitterrand visit  PRETORIA, June 15 (AFP)  South Africa's cabinet was Wednesday discussing the possibility of French President Francois Mitterrand addressing parliament during his expected visit on July 4 and 5, according to a government source.
The Belgian franc remained stable at 20.57 to the mark, reacting little to a decision by the Belgian central bank during the morning to cut its central rate from 5.10 percent to 5.05 percent.
OPEC confident of firmer oil prices by year end by Jan Kristiansen  VIENNA, June 15 (AFP)  Oil ministers of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) voiced confidence here on Wednesday that crude oil prices will continue to recover during the next few months.
The crackdown came after an investigation of several months during which authorities were assisted by Mafia turncoats who provided details on organized crime operations in northern Italy.
The FA on Tuesday banned the club from the FA Cup, fined them 600,000 pounds and will not count the side's first 12 points of the new season as punishment for financial irregularities during the late 1980s.
Ala Nimer el-Nimer took a bullet in the head during a demonstration in Gaza City two years ago.
He also helped popularize jitterbug dancing during World War II with his other million-seller, "Jumpin' Jive."
It is also concerned about the matches being shown during the night because of the time difference.
The US television network CNN, which has been allowed to accompany Carter, said the former president was to meet 82-year-old Kim during his four-day stay, although there was no confirmation that the talks had taken place by nightfall Wednesday.
Communist deputy Viktor Iliyukhin echoed Zolotukhin's comments and said the Duma planned to examine the decree closely and possibly debate it during the parliament session Friday.
He was a mechanical construction engineer and his release was announced Tuesday during a private visit to Bonn by Iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati.
They must also pay the costs of the FA inquiry and commission which found them guilty of irregular payments to players during the late 1980s.
Observers predicted Wednesday the deputy's role would be filled by Gabor Kuncze, the SZDSZ candidate for the premiership during campaigning for last month's general elections.
One useful tip from the headache federation: Migraines typically occur not during stress but after it.
His release was announced Tuesday during a private visit to Bonn by Iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati, where he met Chancellor Helmut Kohl.
"If Turkey is placed before an accomplished fact concerning the territorial waters, the outcome will be very grave," Demirel said during an interview on board the Turkish frigate Fatih, which has been carrying out routine maneuvers in the Aegean Sea for a week.
Sergei Vassiliyev, spokesman for the Federal Counterespionage Service (FSK), said the five were declared "personna non grata" for trying to acquire nuclear weapons-related materials and were expelled "during the spring."
Meanwhile, a therapist who met twice with Nicole Simpson during her 1992 divorce said that Simpson had beaten and stalked her, and told her: "If you ever try to leave me, I'll kill you."
The Times and the Daily News reported that a bloody glove found during a search of Simpson's home matched one found next to the two bodies.
Therapist Susan Forward said in an interview that Simpson beat his wife during thier seven-year marriage and stalked her after the divorce.
No violence was reported during the protests.
They said the gun battle took place during a raid on a Jehad Force hideout by Border Security Force troopers.
Manufacturers' inventories rose 0.2 percent during the same month compared with a decrease of 0.1 percent in March.
"We can have a show of force within 24 hours at places like the international terminal at the airport or at the Rose Bowl during the soccer game," said police union spokesman Geoffrey Garfield.
Union leaders have cautioned against a wildcat strike, but pamphlets have appeared urging officers to call in sick during the World Cup, a tactic called a sick-out.
Figures released during the day in the United States are rather good and in line with forecasts, so there's no basic reason to drive the dollar down".
The urgency of the measures was underlined during two days of talks.
Baroness Thatcher was prime minister during the 1982 Falkland Islands war in which Britain drove invading Argentine forces off the south Atlantic islands, over which Buenos Aires also claims sovereignty.
Earlier the prosecutor retained in custody 33 lawyers arrested during a rally organised by the bar association to protest the death in custody of colleague Abdel Hareth Madani, a legal source said.
The figures show that the US economy will no longer sustain five percent annual growth, as it did during the last six months of 1993, said Regalia.
Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan recently said during an international conference in London that inflationary pressures were under control.
Negotiators were also nearing agreement on a commission to investigate human rights commission during a 34-year conflict that has left 150,000 people dead or missing, the sources said.
The refugee issue is a sensitive one, and had already been addressed during three rounds of talks in Mexico City.
A dentist told how he had been plucked to safety moments before fierce flames reached a 19th floor ledge where he and three other people were trapped during the blaze.
The crackdown came after an investigation lasting several months during which examining magistrates were assisted by Mafia turncoats who provided details on organized crime operations in northern Italy.
Although labled a non-political tour to promote friendship, the emperor has encountered a few highly charged political moments during stops in Atlanta, Georgia, and Washington.
A therapist who met twice with Nicole Simpson during her 1992 divorce said that Simpson had beaten and stalked his ex-wife, telling her: "If you ever try to leave me, I'll kill you."
"He would follow her into bars and make scenes," said Susan Forward, referring to remarks during her sessions with Nicole Simpson.
Both the Los Angeles Times and the Daily News reported Wednesday that a bloody glove found during a search of Simpson's home matched one found next to the two bodies.
"Asians see US policy as often sacrificing long-term investments in building enduring relationships for short-term gains," Lord said.
At one point during his filming of the riots, Cable was heard to scream "get that (police) dog off my arse."
The Vietnam Veterans Memorial commemorates the 58,191 US servicemen who died during the Vietnam War or are listed as missing in action.
Temperatures near 100 degrees caused a handful of the 22,000 spectators to faint during Wednesday's final practice round here.
Although labled a non-political tour to promote friendship, the emperor has encountered a few highly charged political moments during stops in Atlanta, Georgia, and Washington.
Sergei Vassiliyev, spokesman for the Federal Counterespionage  Service, said the five were declared "personna non grata" for trying to  acquire nuclear weapons-related materials and were expelled "during the  spring."
Senior government officials will be visiting America during the tournament to try and drum up investment in Bulgaria, he says.
"There was sporadic firing during the night and a few rounds of artillery fire at five this morning (0300 GMT)," UN spokesman Pierre Mehu told AFP by telephone from Kigali.
"There was sporadic firing during the night and a few rounds of artillery fire at five this morning (0300 GMT)," UN spokesman Pierre Mehu told AFP by telephone from Kigali.
The defence ministry says nearly 1,000 Palestinians were murdered as collaborators by fellow Palestinians during the intifada or uprising which began in December 1987.
The government has introduced controversial increases in taxation to reduce the monthly deficit during the rest of the year.
The twice weekly "Football" newspaper is set to move to daily publication during the Cup, with a print run of two million instead of the current 1.3 million.
Tens of thousands of Koreans were conscripted or voluntarily came to work in Japan during the Japanese colonial occupation of Korea, which ended in 1945 along with World War II.
The government has introduced controversial increases in taxation to reduce the monthly deficit during the rest of the year.
"India should not forget the lesson of Afghanistan," the foreign office spokesman also said, referring to the use of jets by the army of the Soviet Union during their occupation of the neighbouring Moslem state.
Armed mujahedeen shot down scores of Soviet jets during the Afghan war until Soviet troops withdrew in 1989, leading to the fall of the Moscow-backed government to the mujahedeen in April 1992.
The talks followed news reports that Ichiro Ozawa, chief strategist for the ruling coalition, had asked the SDP to return to the coalition during a meeting with SDP legislators.
A defence lawyer told Judge Patel on June 6 that the accused feared they would not get a fair trial if he heard the case, citing his presence during the staging of Hindu religious rites in the court premises on May 16.
The conciliatory comments are a far cry from the recrimations traded by the two sides in the past two years during a row over democratic reform in Hong Kong and the latest sign that China and Britain are seeking to mend fences.
Police said the area was tense, however, following an exchange of fire during the night which left no casualties.
Police said the area was tense, however, following an exchange of fire during the night which left no casualties.
The ship had been stranded off Aden for 24 hours while it waited for a respite in the shelling of the besieged city, which hospital officials said killed 18 civilians during the morning.
Some 10 million mines were seeded in Afghanistan during the 10-year Soviet occupation which ended in 1989.
According to Tadashi Nakajima, a naval commander who wrote about his experiences as a kamikaze training officer after the war, the idea was conveyed during an inspection of the Tateyama airbase by Vice Admiral Shigeru Fukudome.
Meanwhile, an 18-year old neo-Nazi appeared in court Wednesday for doing the Nazi salute during the Magdebourg incidents.
The department said a total 348,000 initial claims were filed during the week ended June 11.
Munawar was killed near the Iranian border during fighting between the KDP and the PUK, which have been locked in a violent power struggle since early last month.
The Angolan army said meanwhile it had killed 10 UNITA fighters during continuing fighting around Kuito, in central Angola.
The son of Spanish guitarist Antonio Rayo and Japanese dancer Maeko Gibo, he won his first musical award at age nine during a competition organized by Italian television.
Investment in India hits 250 million dollars in first quarter  NEW DELHI, June 16 (AFP)  Foreign investment in India touched nearly 250 million dollars during the first four months of the year, the finance ministry said Thursday.
Some oil companies wanted at least the three qualifications for importers to remain in some form in order to ensure the security of oil supply to consumers as was demonstrated during the 1991 Gulf War, he said.
Three loans were approved during the first quarter, including 200 million dollars for the construction of a 4.8 kilometre (three-mile) bridge in Bangladesh and 100 million dollars for an irrigation project in Indonesia.
Total loans during the comparable 1993 period reached 721 million dollars.
Technical assistance grants during a similar period in 1993 totalled 7.2 million dollars.
The ADB also made a 746,000-dollar supplemental equity investment to the private sector in India during this year's first quarter.
The defence ministry says nearly 1,000 Palestinians were murdered as collaborators by fellow Palestinians during the intifada or uprising which began in December 1987.
Berlusconi said during a press conference before the meeting that he plans to propose the creation of an autonomous international taskforce on human rights that would be linked to the United Nations and other organizations.
The airliners are to be delivered from the last quarter of 1997 during a period of three to four years.
Kyodo news agency of Japan had reported Wednesday that a US official in Tokyo conveyed the Clinton administration's renewed rejection of the EAEC to the Japanese government after ASEAN officials had briefed Washington on the caucus during a dialogue last month.
On Monday another investigating judge, Joseph Freiha, indicted Geagea for his role in a February church bombing that killed 11 worshippers and wounded more than 50 others during Sunday mass.
Nujoma, who also heads the governing party in Windhoek, the South West Africa People's Organisation, will during his trip visit two provinces about 150 kilometres (90 miles) south of Tunis, Sousse and Monastir.
The department said a total of 348,000 initial claims were filed during the week ended June 11.
The summit was proposed by French Health and Social Affairs Minister Simone Veil during the 7th conference on AIDS in Africa in Morocco last December.
As an interim solution, the ministers asked Libya's oil minister Abdalla Salem El Badri, as OPEC President, to oversee operations at OPEC's Vienna headquarters during the second half of the year.
The trouble started when a well-known Hutu suspected of committing atrocities during Rwanda's 10-week ethnic and political bloodbath returned to the camp.
In a letter to Fowler, Major praised his "steady leadership during a difficult period for the party," saying his contribution had been "invaluable."
He infuriated Euro-rebels by publicly denouncing them during the bruising Maastricht Treaty negotiations last year.
Work was halted during the revolution and the 1980-1988 war with Iraq, when the plant was repeatedly bombed.
"We will have a major conference with them in Los Angeles during the final week of the World Cup.
The spokesman gave no details on whether Russia would formally join the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation partnership during the visit.
Andoni Zubizarreta was sent off during Spain's final qualifying match against Denmark last November and was automatically suspended for the next World Cup match.
Peres visits Babi Yar memorial  KIEV, June 16 (AFP)  Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres paid tribute Thursday to the dead of Babi Yar, visiting a mass grave that holds the remains of tens of thousands of Jews massacred during the Nazi occupation.
"The president left for a while and had to do some other meetings, and has sort of had to come in and out during various points," DeLaski said.
Mandela was sworn in as South Africa's first democratically-elected president on May 10 after four decades of apartheid during which the former white minority power went out of its way to destabilise its black neighbours.
If issues were raised during his talks with the two factions, which had still to be arranged, he would refer these to the three presidents.
Netanyahu, who heads the right-wing Likud party, told the prince during the meeting in a private house early in May that his party was firmly opposed to the Israel-Palestine Liberation Organisation accord on Palestinian self-rule signed May 4.
It was during these meetings that an Israeli-Jordanian agreement to set up a commission to resolve a dispute over its common border was hammered out, diplomats said.
Twose, inspired by the brilliant batting of his West Indian team-mate this season, and his opening partner Dominic Ostler were in control for the first half of the day during a stand of 196 in 59 overs.
The abstention rate in Colombia, traditionally high, hit 67 percent during the first round.
Recently during the crisis in Somalia, he said he was in frequent contact with Somali warlord Mohammed Farah Aidid during the dark days when American soldiers were getting caught up in battles in Mogadishu.
Aide pays 562 dollars to close case of missing towels  WASHINGTON, June 16 (AFP)  A White House aide paid the US Navy 562 dollars for towels and bathrobes that disappeared from an aircraft carrier on which President Bill Clinton stayed during his trip to Normandy, officials said Thursday.
The Navy had asked the White House for reimbursement for the items missing from the USS George Washington, which hosted Clinton along with 40 aides and 23 reporters during Clinton's visit to ceremonies marking the 50th anniversary of D-Day.
"As you know, the ship and US Navy served as our gracious hosts during this trip," the memo said.
Negotiators late Thursday continued working toward a final agreement on a commission to investigate human rights abuses during the 34-year conflict that has left 150,000 people dead or missing, the sources said.
The refugee issue is a sensitive one, and had already been addressed during three rounds of talks in Mexico City.
But Timofte said everything was falling into place during training.
But Hata said the two countries were expected to agree on "the overall direction" of the three issues during a planned meeting between Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata and US President Bill Clinton ahead of the G7 summit.
Matsushita earlier this week forecast a jump in its share of the world airconditioner market from 15 percent to 20 percent over the next five years with expectations that demand in China will surge 30 percent during the period.
Colosio was assassinated during a political rally in Tijuana in March, and Zedillo was picked as a replacement.
Salinas said that his governments would "continue abiding by the economic and social committments it made during the (peace) dialogue in San Cristobal (de Las Casas)," referring to the Chiapas capital where the peace talks were held.
Yamasaki, an MP from the opposition Liberal Democratic Party, told the agency by telephone that the offer was made by Kim Yong Sun, the secretary of the North Korean Workers' Party in charge of international affairs, during a four-hour meeting, Kyodo reported.
The Russian foreign ministry announced on Thursday that Kozyrev would go to Brussels on June 21 and 22 to discuss his country's joining the partnership, but refused to say whether Russia would formally announce its decision during the visit.
In Moscow, a spokesman for Kozyrev declined to say whether Russia intended to sign the partnership agreement during the Brussels visit.
The Russian foreign ministry announced on Thursday that Kozyrev would go to Brussels on June 21 and 22 to discuss his country's joining the partnership, but refused to say whether Russia would formally announce its decision during the visit.
Mark falls on profit taking, dollar higher  LONDON, June 17 (AFP)  The mark was weaker against the main European currencies on Thursday morning, falling as dealers took profits ahead of the weekend and after the currency registered sharp rises during the week.
Mandela told Springbok captain Francois Pienaar during a brief meeting at the president's office here on Friday that it was one of his "fondest wishes" to support the team in New Zealand, and he would see if his diary would allow him the necessary time.
Mark falls on profit taking, dollar higher  LONDON, June 17 (AFP)  The mark was weaker against the main European currencies on Friday (eds: correct) morning, falling as dealers took profits ahead of the weekend and after the currency registered sharp rises during the week.
The last LIRR strike in 1987 lasted 11 days and was settled during a 60-day cooling off period imposed by Congress.
The two UN officers, one from Bangladesh and the other from Uruguay, were hurt in what was believed to have been a grenade or mine explosion about 20 kilometres (12 miles) north-west of Kigali during a reconnaissance mission on the road to the town of Ruhengeri, UN military sources said.
It defied everyone to set the fastest time in the first practice and was still lying second during Thursday night's second session.
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher is due to hold talks with Kozyrev here during his visit.
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher is due to hold talks with Kozyrev during his visit.
Forty Katyusha rockets killed four more people and wounded about 20 during a four-attack here late Thursday, bringing the toll since Thursday to 28 civilians dead and 67 wounded, the hospital officials said.
Forty Katyusha rockets killed four more people and wounded about 20 during a four-attack here late Thursday, bringing the casualty toll since dawn Thursday to 28 civilians dead and 62 wounded, the hospital officials said.
Roldan had taken the identity of a Cuban, Enrique Ibanez, during his stay in the southwest African country, the newspaper said.
Paris stocks up 0.59 percent at noon-hour  PARIS, June 17 (AFP)  The Paris Bourse scored a moderate advance during the first half of the Friday trading session, as the CAC 40 index stood at 1,954.30 points in the early afternoon, up 0.59 percent from the Thursday close.
Hata made the remark during talks with Akira Yamagishi, president of the Japanese Trade Union Confederation, the nation's largest labour union, which supports the SDP.
Two UN officers, one from Bangladesh and the other from Uruguay, were hurt in what was believed to have been a grenade or mine explosion Friday about 20 kilometres (12 miles) north-west of Kigali during a reconnaissance mission on the road to the town of Ruhengeri, UN military sources said.
No evidence of fresh mines laid in cleared land: demining group by Kevin Barrington  PHNOM PENH, June 17 (AFP)  A British demining group said Friday there was no evidence to suggest new mines had been laid in cleared land during recent fighting between the Khmer Rouge and the government in northwest Cambodia.
Deminers and other aid officials had earlier expressed fears that land which had been painstakingly cleared of land mines may have been remined during battles in April in northwestern Battambang and Banteay Meanchey provinces.
Even during Lebanon's civil war from 1975-1990, the country came to attention when the World Cup was on and undeclared truces stopped the fighting to allow rivals to follow their favourite sport.
Kayruz won it along with Makram Haddad in a game show held over several weeks by the private television channel LBC, during which they were quizzed on a variety of topics, including football.
London stocks up moderately in quiet trading  LONDON, June 17 (AFP)  The London Stock Exchange chalked up a moderate advance during the first part of the Friday trading session, helped by stronger European and American bond markets, dealers said.
Vietnam's parliament is expected to ratify the UN maritime law during its session this month in a move seen as boosting Hanoi's legal arsenal in the dispute.
Proton said it expected its performance to remain sensitive to the fluctuation of the ringgit against the yen although it expected sales to improve during the current financial year on the back of Malaysia's booming economy.
The December 1 summit was proposed by Veil at the start of 1993 during the seventh international conference on AIDS in Africa held in Marrakesh, Morocco.
In what was probably her first appearance on Western television, the bespectacled North Korean first lady wore a light blue traditional Korean chima-chogori suit and a white handbag during the day cruise.
I hope to attain a good result during the year."
Several people fell sick during the voyage after the ship left Aden Thursday, and it was found the boat lacked drinking water supplies.
"Basically, nothing happened," said John Pullen, the senior attendant who supervised the zoo's heroic efforts to make a mama out of Ming Ming during her two-year breeding loan from Beijing.
Japan's Hajime Meshiai drank nearly two liters of water during his round.
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher is due to hold talks  with Kozyrev during his visit, including on the North Korean crisis.
Former social affairs minister Georgina Dufoix, former secretary of state for health Edmond Herve, and ex-premier Laurent Fabius gave evidence during the trial without their roles being questioned by the court.
WW II Western Allies set to stage last Berlin parade  BERLIN, June 17 (AFP)  Troops from Britain, France and the United States, Western Allies during World War II and stationed for 45 years afterwards in West Berlin will parade for the last time Saturday in the German capital.
Nujoma said here that his aim had been to thank Tunisia's President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali and "its people for their past support of SWAPO during its struggle for independence and to lay the foundations for a new cooperation."
Carter is officially in Korea on a private visit, but was fully briefed by US officials before he went and has been in close touch with the White House during his trip.
The price of gold remained comfortably above 300 dollars an ounce, rising during the week to around 386.5 dollars on a speculative lift from the New York market and reflecting gains registered throughout the complex.
Like gold, silver rose during the week, lifting to 5.58 dollars per ounce at its highest point, in line with the rest of the complex and on speculation.
The trio were detained Wednesday evening along with about 30 other suspects and witnesses during a police swoop.
Lead rose around 13 dollars during the week from the Friday close at 540.5 dollars per tonne, lifting with the complex and improved fundamentals.
Tin moved little during the week, rising 10 dollars to around 5,670 dollars per tonne.
Prices ended last week below 1,000 pounds per tonne, but rose steadily during the week to around 1,030 pounds per tonne.
The price of wheat rose over three pounds during the week to above 114 pounds per tonne on a cut in the supply available in Europe.
First-round leader Tom Watson stood at three-under after 11 holes during the second round of the 1.7 million-dollar event.
Aluminium rose 26 dollars during the day to end at 1,471 dollars per tonne -- a three-year record, on an encouraging 3,450 tonne-drop in stocks to 2,654,225 tonnes, as dealers said producer cutbacks were finally taking effect.
UN moderator Jean Arnaud said he hoped other donor nations would follow Norway's example during the two-month setting up period.
The refugee issue has been a sensitive one and had previously been addressed during three rounds of talks in Mexico City.
"It's the shelling which I'm most afraid of," he said, pointing to deserted houses reduced to rubble during the fighting.
The rebels created a diversion during the raid by firing at government forces, sparking fierce artillery and machine-gun battles.
It has already launched an offset venture in the UAE, a gas-powered central air conditioning fabrication facility, and is planning to build a residential complex in the capital to accomodate nearly 80 GIAT officials and their families during their 10-year stay in the Gulf country.
Both Avraam and Fagan received the maximum 30 years for using or carrying a firearm during the commission of a crime and the maximum 10 years for voluntary manslaughter.
Smith sentenced Graeme Craddock to the maximum 10 years for illegally possessing a grenade, but he received 10 years rather than the maximum 30 years for using or carrying a firearm during a crime.
Aliyu alleged the millionaire politician had planned to recruit local thugs, known as "area boys" to cause unrest during the general's visit, NAN added.
The newly renovated stadium, noted for the freezing winds that blow across it during the American football season from nearby Lake Michigan, was instead hot and humid on Friday.
He had taken the risk of heading his party's list and was considered to have performed weakly during the campaign.
He was a finance minister during Mitterrand's first term as president from 1981 to 1988.
Up to 2,000 troops needed to stop Rwanda killing: Juppe  ABIDJAN, June 17 (AFP)  "Between 1,000 and 2,000 men" would be needed to try to halt the genocide in Rwanda under a French proposal to lead a military intervention in the country, French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said Friday during a visit to Ivory Coast.
To avoid the spectacle of troops falling about during the traditional Bastille Day parade, the German troops would travel instead in light armoured vehicles, he added.
The communique said the international mission has received reports of 66 rapes during raids by the military or armed civilians since January 31.
"Children, brothers, sisters or cousins of activists (have been) targets in the absence of their family members or during their detention," the statement said.
But for that the big-serving Croatian, who fired down a record 206 aces during the 1992 Championships, will need to keep his volatile personality under strict control.
The royal couple had asked to visit the school because when the center was initially set up in 1952 it worked with people injured during World War II in Japan and the Korean war, center spokesman Glenn Goldberg said.
"Mr. Simpson is a fugitive of justice right now and if you assist him in any way, you are committing a felony," Garcetti said during a news conference.
Three other agreements on investment protection, fishing and agriculture were also signed during the three-day visit - the first by a Vietnamese leader since the disintegration of the Soviet Union.
Later Saturday, Carter was to meet with South Korean President Kim Young-Sam to brief him about his four-day Pyongyang visit, during which North Korean President Kim Il-Sung reportedly offerered concessions to resolve the region's nuclear crisis.
Delors, a finance minister during Mitterrand's first seven-year term from 1981, could certainly count on the support of the president, whose relations with Rocard are at an all-time low.
Between 200,000 and 300,000 bottles of Josacine in soluble powdered form were withdrawn from the shelves on Friday and thousands more were handed in by people alerted by a warning read on television during the evening news bulletin Thursday.
Bellon said "analyses carried out on bottles of the same batch and similar ones had shown no contamination" and had ruled out the poison being introduced during the production stage.
Emilie drank the mixture, given to the friend by the parents, during the meal which rounded off a mediaeval fete at an abbey near Le Havre.
They were then followed by a dozen police cars for hours in a chase covered live on national television before returning to Simpson's estate, where the football star remained in the car during apparent negotiations with police.
The prime minister made similar remarks during a session of a parliamentary committee earlier Friday.
Television reports said he was armed and suicidal during his more than nine hours at large, and wanted to speak with his mother.
However, such switches will not be allowed by FIFA during the World Cup although Baron said: "I think they should be encouraging such versatile players instead of holding them back."
At the same time, Li endorsed the call made by President Jiang Zemin during a speech at the conference's opening session that education "be truly given top priority."
Seoul's streets were deserted during the usual morning rush hour as the game was telecast live, with company employees screaming encouragement in front of TV screens.
The scoreline changed throughout the match, and New Zealand XV fullback Shane Howarth missed two penalties during the final 10 minutes.
For this last parade before they definitively pull out by September, the Allies -- 750 Americans, 600 Britons and 600 French -- marched without heavy weapons, saluted only by helicopters and an American Dakota, a symbolic reminder of the air bridge which supplied Berlin during the Soviet blockade from 1948 to 1949.
Some reports suggested that heavy rain during the night might have caused subsidence, triggering the collapse.
Police arrested 100 students after rescuing the captured officers in a three-hour operation during which students fought back with fire bombs, rocks and steel pipes, the news agency said.
The defendants are charged with criminal activities during the communist party's 40-year rule.
The court heard the testimony of some 50 witnesses during the trial that began May 21.
When asked about the possibility of another devaluation of the CFA franc during the upcoming summit, Gabonese President Omar Bongo told a local newspaper that he had been assured by France that such "rumors" were baseless.
Leave the kids alone," said a mother whose 14-year old son was wounded in the face by a stray bullet during one of the shooting incidents Friday, as he was heading home after a game of baseball.
Ireland's participation in the World Cup has created tremendous interest, and many members of the government, including Prime Minister Albert Reynolds, have discovered they have important business to attend to in the United States during the month-long competition.
For this last parade before their definitive pull out by September, the Allies -- 750 Americans, 600 Britons and 600 French -- marched without heavy weapons, saluted only by helicopters and an American Dakota, a symbolic reminder of the air bridge which supplied Berlin during the Soviet blockade from 1948 to 1949.
France has indicated it would assume the leadership of the operation, as the United States did during a UN-mandated humanitarian operation last year in Somalia.
The royal couple had asked to visit the school because when the center was initially set up in 1952 it worked with people injured during World War II in Japan and the Korean war, center spokesman Glenn Goldberg said.
Yeltsin was accompagnied by Interior Minister Viktor Yerin and Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev during the tour of the crack police forces, formerly called the Dzerzhinsky group, ITAR-TASS said.
Hundreds killed in China floods  BEIJING, June 18 (AFP)  Several hundred people have been killed in serious flooding in central and southern China during the past week, local press reports said Saturday.
Yeltsin to sign treaty with EU during Corfu summit  MOSCOW, June 18 (AFP)  Russian President Boris Yeltsin will sign a partnership and cooperation treaty with the European Union during the union's upcoming summit in Greece June 24, deputy prime minister Alexander Shokhin said Saturday.
But during their last meeting in Geneva from March 14-16, they finally agreed to commit two billion dollars in new funding for GEF for a three-year period beginning June 1994, with the US pledging 430 million dollars and Japan 400 million dollars.
                    by Andres Birukoff     BHAMDOUN,     Lebanon:        Thousands of Lebanese soldiers                     help Christian refugees return home                     11 years after they were driven out in                     a mass exodus during fierce clashes                     with Druze militiamen.
(picture) Army helps Christians end 11-year exile from mountain homes by Salim Yassine  BHAMDOUN, Lebanon, June 18 (AFP)  Thousands of Lebanese soldiers deployed Saturday to help Christians return home 11 years after they were driven out in a mass exodus during fierce clashes with Druze militiamen.
On Saturday during a 24-hour visit to Dakar, Juppe said the operation, which he estimated would require between 1,000 and 2,000 UN troops, might take place next week.
France has indicated it would assume the leadership of the operation, as the United States did during a UN-mandated humanitarian operation last year in Somalia.
The abstention rate in Colombia, traditionally high, hit 67 percent during the first round.
"Europe advances when men get together, and the same goes for the armed forces," Ruehe said during an international meeting of army reserves.
Ivory Coast, Togo and Senegal said during the day that they backed the proposal, and Foreign Minister Alain Juppe, currently in Dakar, said the operation could begin next week.
France has indicated it would assume the leadership of the operation, as the United States did during a UN-mandated humanitarian operation last year in Somalia.
(AFP) Etiquette lessons Two fans at Chicago's Soldier Field had to be asked to return balls kicked into the stands during Saturday's World Cup opening match between Germany and Bolivia.
The domed stadium was built to keep the chill winds out during the American football season, but turns steamy in Detroit's hot summer weather.
Shaath to visit Jerusalem Monday on first trip by senior PLO man  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, June 17 (AFP)  The chief Palestinian autonomy negotiator with Israel, Nabil Shaath, said he will pray at Al-Aqsa mosque on Monday during the first visit to Jerusalem by such a senior PLO official.
Ivory Coast, Togo and Senegal said during the day that they backed the proposal, and Foreign Minister Alain Juppe, currently in Dakar, said the operation could begin next week.
France has indicated it would assume the leadership of the operation, as the United States did during a UN-mandated humanitarian operation last year in Somalia.
Glamour Swiss striker Stephane Chapuisat was restricted to just three shots outside the area during the game with American central defenders, Marcelo Balboa and Alexi Lalas, proving uncompromising markers.
US says willing to talk if North Korea freezes nuclear program  WASHINGTON, June 18 (AFP)  The United States reaffirmed Saturday its willingness to hold a third round of talks with North Korea if Pyongyang freezes its nuclear program during the talks.
She said "diplomatic confirmation of North Korea's readiness to verifiably freeze its nuclear program during the talks" could provide the basis for a third round of talks.
                    by Andres Birukoff     BHAMDOUN,     Lebanon:        Thousands of Lebanese soldiers                     help Christian refugees return home                     11 years after they were driven out in                     a mass exodus during fierce clashes                     with Druze militiamen.
"The Arab countries which adopted an opportunist and reactionary stance against Iraq during the Gulf War are doing the same with Yemen because they are against the unification of the Arab nation," al-Kabsi charged.
Kiev won backing from the West and key guarantees from Russia for the respect of Ukraine's territorial integrity during the crisis, warding off the threat of a break-up.
(AFP)     BEIJING: Several hundred people have been killed in serious flooding in  central and southern China during the past week, local press reports said.
(AFP)     MOSCOW: Russian President Boris Yeltsin will sign a partnership and  cooperation treaty with the European Union during the union's upcoming summit  in Greece June 24, deputy prime minister Alexander Shokhin said.
Stetoslav, whose father was an Russian emigre nobleman who settled in India, was famous for his stark mountainscapes while the willowy, Swiss-educated Devika Rani made millions during a film career that started in the 1930s.
Her claim was immediately contested with allegations that Poonacha exercised unhealthy control over the ageing, ailing couple during their twilight years.
(picture) Qiandao Lake murderers executed  BEIJING, June 19 (AFP)  Three Chinese men found guilty of murdering 24 Taiwanese tourists during a pleasure-boat cruise in March in eastern Zhejiang province were executed Sunday, Xinhua news agency reported.
The intermediate court sentenced the trio to death one week ago after finding them guilty of theft and the murder of the tourists and eight Chinese crew during a boat trip on Qiandao Lake on March 31.
North Korean President Kim sought foreign aid for his country's light- water reactor projects during a meeting with Carter, while talks between Japan and North Korea on diplomatic normalization have been sunspended since November 1992.
Israeli warplanes wound three Hezbollah fighters  SIDON, Lebanon, June 19 (AFP)  Israeli warplanes wounded at least three Hezbollah guerrillas during a raid on their hideouts in south Lebanon on Sunday, a Shiite Moslem holiday, security and hospital officials said.
It was the fourth raid since June 2, when Israeli warplanes killed 32 Hezbollah fighters during an attack on a training camp near Baalbeck in Syrian-controlled eastern Lebanon.
There were no casualties during raids in the Iqlim at-Touffah area on June 8 and June 16.
Shiite Moslems are commemorating the martyr imam Hussein -- the son of imam Ali, the founder of Shiite Islam -- who was killed in the seventh century during the battle at Karbala, in present day Iraq.
At least one shell fell near the hotel during Sunday's bombardment, while rebels equipped with multiple rocket-launchers bombarded the centre of the city and a gendarmerie camp to the north, as well as a barracks of the presidential guard to the east, Plante said.
Wimbledon leaves Ivanisevic spitting mad  LONDON, June 19 (AFP)  Goran Ivanisevic, a finalist two years ago, looks to be a collision course with Wimbledon officials intent on enforcing the 'no spitting on court' rule during this year's tournament.
The intermediate court sentenced the trio to death a week earlier after finding them guilty of theft and the murder of the 32 people during a boat trip on scenic Qiandao Lake in eastern Zhejiang province.
The creation of the emergency reserve followed swelling arrears and alleged embezzlement of nearly 80 million dollars by former AMF chairman Jawad Hashem during his term of office in the early 1980s.
Some reports suggested heavy rain during the night might have caused subsidence.
Benazzi had walked on an opponent during France's opening Test match.
All players will be escorted to and from their matches by uniformed police if they request it, and chairs during changeovers will once again be placed sideways so that players do not have their backs to the crowd -- a move first introduced in 1993 in the light of the stabbing of Monica Seles on court in Hamburg.
Photographs of known troublemakers will be issued to gatemen, who have already been given portrait shots of Kay-Kurt zum Felde, the man who persistently heckled Graf during her matches here twelve months ago, and Anke Huber's unrelenting admirer Theo Dunkelberg.
The toll of wounded neared 200, including 15 nurses and patients hurt in a hospital during a missile attack late Saturday.
The container had been picked out Friday night by Dutch customs during a routine check in Rotterdam port.
Torey, who came to represent President Sani Abacha at a convocation ceremony, later addressed the students, promising that the government would address the issue of last June's annulled presidential election during a constitutional conference scheduled to begin June 27 in Abuja.
The White House Satuday reaffirmed its willingness to go to a third round of talks with North Korea if Pyongyang freezes its nuclear program during the talks.
The abstention rate in Colombia, traditionally high, hit 67 percent during the first round.
The RPF accuses France of backing and arming the regime of the late president Juvenal Habyarimana, particularly during the 1990-1993 civil war.
Two hairs will be destroyed during the tests and another preserved within the FBI archives.
The White House reaffirmed Saturday it was willing to hold a third round of talks with North Korea if Pyongyang froze its nuclear programs during the talks.
He also raised eyebrows in March by calling on the Jewish community of France not to take part in second-round local elections because the voting fell during Passover.
The team says they have developed a gel that will reflect sunlight and help keep the players' heads cool in a stadium where temperatures on the pitch are expected to reach 40 C during mid-day matches.
So they were overwhelmed by the support they got during their 1-1 draw with Switzerland in the Silverdome on Saturday.
PFLP member killed in car chase  JERUSALEM, June 19 (AFP)  A member of a radical Palestinian group was killed on Sunday when his car hit a wall and overturned during a chase with Israeli soldiers on the occupied West Bank, Palestinian sources said.
Borussia Dortmund's Chapuisat was restricted to just three shots outside the area during the game with American central defenders Marcelo Balboa and Alexi Lalas having the better of the contest.
Then an overhead kick from Sanchez, one of his trademarks during his outstanding spell with Real Madrid, went wide.
The traditionally high abstention rate in Colombia hit 67 percent of the 17 million eligible voters during the first round.
The traditionally high abstention rate in Colombia hit 67 percent of the 17 million eligible voters during the first round.
The traditionally high abstention rate in Colombia hit 67 percent of the 17 million eligible voters during the first round.
Then an overhead kick from Sanchez, one of his trademarks during a prolific career with Real Madrid, went wide.
The traditionally high abstention rate in Colombia hit 67 percent of the 17 million eligible voters during the first round.
However Rabin, who was chief of staff during the 1967 Middle East war, has always been sensitive to military arguments.
It is not, as it might have been during the Cold War with the West, a question of knowing the enemy, but of making captains of industry out of colonels and majors who have no future in armed forces being slashed from 4.5 million men to 1.5 million.
The Gallucci comments after the meeting, at which National Security advisor Anthony Lake was also present, were the most positive yet from the Clinton administration on Carter's just-completed trip to North Korea during which he also brokered the summit.
Operating profit during the period totalled 1.09 billion markka (198 million dollars), representing 12 percent of turnover, compared to 838 million markka (152.3 million dollars) and 9.2 percent for the same period last year.
All Black selector Earle Kirton alleged the French had played dirty during their 33-25 win over a New Zealand XV Saturday.
Banks, like money, were abolished during the Khmer Rouge's 1975-1979 reign of terror which saw the deaths by disease, starvation or exectution of one million Cambodians.
Moroccan in shooting drama  BRUSSELS, June 20 (AFP)  A young Moroccan suffered shotgun wounds at Verviers on Sunday during clashes involving up to 400 people following Belgium's 1-0 World Cup win over Morocco.
Other incidents between Belgians and Moroccan residents were reported in Antwerp, where 17 people were questioned, and Brussels, where police closed off a section of the city centre during the trouble.
Austrian Transport and Industry Minister Viktor Klima discussed OMV's agreement with IPIC during a visit to the UAE on Sunday.
U.S. companies were encouraged to quit the South African market during the apartheid years and many sold off their interests to local groups, which continued to market the products under franchise agreements.
Meanwhile Planning Minister Abdelkarim al-Iryani attacked Meguid for comments he made during a press conference in Sofia on Friday during which he warned Yemen could face international sanctions if it did not respect a ceasefire.
Pro-independence activists protest in front of presidential office  TAIPEI, June 20 (AFP)  Pro-independence activists demonstrating for a new flag for Taiwan scuffled with police Monday during a demonstration in front of the presidential office.
In a statement, Mrema said that police were hunting for 29 other co- operative officials implicated in the fake purchases of cotton during the 1993/94 season in the northwestern Shinyanga region.
Prime Minister John Major and his Irish counterpart John Reynolds are scheduled to meet during the European Union summit on the Greek island of Corfu Friday and Saturday amid concerns of new killings following the weekend slaugher of six Roman Catholics by Protestant extremists.
"We have specific concerns about a number of events where people are likely to congregate in numbers in specific places inlcuding, obviously, pubs during World Cup (soccer) matches."
BS said that the improvement in the British economic outlook "should impact favourably on British Steel's results, as will the full-year benefit of selling price increases implemented during the course of last year."
"The continuing recession in Western Europe meant that trading conditions during the year were never easy.
Emmanuelli said he would steer the party "sharply left," adding that he would defend the move at a special congress scheduled for the autumn during which the party would set out its new policies.
On his return Monday he called for the steel cage in which he had been sitting during his strike and once again took up position inside.
Hussein, the grandson of Prophet Mohammad, is a key figure in the Shiite branch of Islam, created during the split with the Omayid dynasty.
BS said the continuing recession in Western Europe meant that trading conditions during the year were never easy.
The meeting of ministers from the United States, Russia and the European Union now take place "during the first three days of July," he said.
A total of 160 billion yuan will be spent on the sector during the term of the ongoing five-year plan, from 1991 to 1995, while between 1996 and 2000 some 360 billion yuan is to be invested, he said.
A special body assigned to recover wealth stolen by Marcos and his cronies during his 20-year reign, said in a statement that the US court of appeals decision last Thursday "will not affect the 356 -million-dollar Swiss accounts frozen at the moment in Swiss banks."
In February 1994 a Honolulu district court awarded 1.2 billion dollars to 10,000 Filipinos who claimed they were victims of abuses committed during the Marcos rule.
On his return Monday he called for the steel cage in which he had been sitting during his strike and once again took up position inside.
Troops stand by to prevent sectarian trouble during Shiite rites  ISLAMABAD, June 20 (AFP)  Troops and security agencies have been mobilised in Pakistan to prevent sectarian violence as Shiite Moslem religious ceremonies near a climax, officials said Monday.
In Punjab province, troops and police have warned people to stay indoors and not to climb onto roofs during the processions, sources said.
Aznar, head of the right-wing Popular Party (PP), was speaking during a meeting of his party's leadership which for the first time was open to the media.
Gonzalez's Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) suffered its first electoral defeat in 12 years during the European elections held June 12.
He was speaking during negotiations with the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation ahead of a ceremony on Wednesday when Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev will formally sign Russia up to NATO's partnership for peace programme.
Els and Montgomerie reached just two of five, even though the Scotsman had hit the most greens during the tournament.
Three people were wounded in an Israeli raid on the heights on Sunday during ceremonies to mark the Shiite day of Ashura commemorating the death of Imam Hussein, grandson of the Prophet Mohammed in the 7th century.
British Prime Minister John Major and his Irish counterpart Albert Reynolds are scheduled to meet to discuss the violence during the European Union summit on the Greek island of Corfu Friday and Saturday.
On April 22, a gunman shot and wounded a Moslem prayer leader at a mosque in Mashhad in the first such attack on an imam during a religious service in Iran.
Mashhad was the scene of riots in May 1992, during which hundreds of government buildings and shops were looted or set on fire.
Auto stocks were among the main victims during the official session, BMW giving up 30.50 marks to end at 747 and VW 8.50 to 448.50.
Prime Minister Edouard Balladur, from the same conservative Rally for the Republic (RPR), had been due to appear on television at the same time but he withdrew from the unprecedented scheduling clash during the day.
It was the first attack against an Iranian religious official during a religious ceremony.
The 43-year-old Liberal Party economist has billed himself as a refreshing alternative from Colombia's traditional ruling class during the long and bitter race which ended in his victory Sunday.
The new president is likely to face some formidable opposition during his four years in office.
The meeting of ministers from the United States, Russia and the European Union will now take place during the first three days of July, a Russian diplomat said.
The Defense Department unveiled a bronze statue of a Doberman Monday in honor of the hundreds of dogs who served in the armed forces during the war, including 465 attached to the marines.
On April 22 this year, a gunman shot and wounded a Moslem prayer leader at a mosque in Mashhad in the first such attack on an imam, or prayer leader, during a religious service in Iran.
Greece, not known for aggressive attack, played zonal defence and left a lone striker up front during most of their World Cup qualifying campaign.
Charlton, the Republic's manager, fears similar casualties among his squad at the even hotter Citrus Bowl in Orlando if the system of getting water to the players during matches is not improved.
The referees want continuous play but we're not asking for anything great, just for the referee to stop play and walk to the touchline two or three times during the game, have a drink of water himself and let everybody else have one too."
"We are very happy the way the cup has kicked-off," said Blatter here on Monday during a review of the first week of the tournament.
FIFA officials say the referees have been told to be on the look-out during the third and final first round matches for excessive rough play.
But President Bill Clinton pledged during his 1992 campaign to support the tax method, and his administration told the court it had no opposition to the tax system.
People were asked not to gather together during bombardments, to reduce risks and to allow emergency services to get through.
She said only that progress was made during the meeting, adding that "they generally agreed on a general direction."
WHO said there could be an explosion of tuberculosis in eastern Europe during the next 10 years.
The 43-year-old Liberal Party economist billed himself as a refreshing alternative from Colombia's traditional ruling class during the long and bitter race which ended in his victory Sunday.
The new president is likely to face some formidable opposition during his four years in office.
The project would begin during fiscal year 1995, on April 1.
"We had 24 strikes at goal, that is a record during my two and a half years as national coach.
Ruble down to 1,971 to U.S. dollar  MOSCOW, June 21 (AFP)  The ruble fell four points during trading Tuesday and was quoted at 1,971 to the U.S. dollar on the Moscow Interbank Currency Exchange.
Tordo, a former captain of the national team, suffered a pinched nerve in his lower back last week during a training session on a scrum machine.
Fighting broke out afresh in the capital Tuesday after Monday's lull which enabled about 600 civilians to be evacuated, but it was less heavy than during the weekend.
Talks between the UDF and AFORD on forming a coalition government failed twice during the past four weeks, forcing AFORD to consider this new initiative.
Ethiopia, according to its ambassador here, Fantahum Michael, has made several requests to have Mengistu extradited to be tried for crimes committed during his 17-year rule, but without response from the Zimbabwe government.
TASS said last week that a small detachment of naval vessels from the Black Sea fleet would be dispatched to Corfu to guard Yeltsin during the trip.
But housing expenditure, virtually the sole engine behind the economy in recent quarters, dropped 5.2 percent, reversing an increase of 1.8 percent during the previous three months.
The 2.04 metre tall Olivier Brouzet could also press his claims Wednesday against favourites Olivier Roumat, the former captain dropped during the Five Nations campaign letting in Brouzet for his debut, and Olivier Merle for a second row job.
Japanese economic data signal worst of recession is over by Peter Starr  TOKYO, June 21 (AFP)  Japan's economy posted its strongest quarterly growth rate in three years during the March quarter in the latest sign that the worst recession in post-war history is nearing an end, the government said Tuesday.
Speaking at a press conference during a two-day visit to Belgium, Tutu called for a six-month suspension of debt repayments to give poor countries time to improve their human rights records and to move towards democracy.
Two of Fichou's hairs will be destroyed during the tests and another preserved within the FBI archives.
An auction of Napoleonic items is also planned during the congress.
At least six people were killed in clashes between Sunni demonstrators and security forces in Zahedan in February during a protest against the destruction of a Sunni mosque in Mashhad by the town council to clear the way for development projects.
Shells continued to fall on northern suburbs during the morning and several exploded at the city airport, throwing up clouds of dust and sand.
Fighting broke out afresh in Kigali on Tuesday after Monday's lull which enabled about 600 civilians to be evacuated, but it was less heavy than during the weekend.
Patricio said he also signed papers conceeding 30 million dollars in credit to develop the rich and expansive Pande gas field in southern Inhambane province that lay virtually untapped during Mozambique's 17-year long civil war, which ended with a peace pact signed in October 1992.
Since 1990, the authorities have abandonned long sentences in favour of shorter administrative detention without recourse to trial, during which sect members are bound, beaten with electric batons and gagged "if they continue to call on Jesus," it said.
The 11 manufacturers will have to boost purchases a further 22 percent to reach the goal of 19 billion dollars they offered to work towards during a visit to Tokyo by former president George Bush in January of 1992.
The 11 manufacturers will have to boost purchases a further 22 percent to reach the goal of 19 billion dollars they offered to work towards during a visit to Tokyo by former president George Bush in January of 1992.
Most of the 120,000 or so Tajik opponents who left the country during the civil war have since returned.
Greece also alienated itself from its neighbors by implicitly siding with the Serbs -- traditional orthodox allies -- during the Bosnian war, and has practically severed relations with Turkey and Albania.
Greece during the summit will also play host to Russian President Boris Yeltsin who will be there to sign an economic treaty with the EU.
A general strike to protest the slaying of Qazi Nissar paralysed the Kashmir Valley, as eight others including four Moslem insurgents died in separate incidents in Kashmir during the past 24 hours, police said.
Yonhap said Kim made the comment during a training lecture at the DLP headquarters in Eastern Seoul on Tuesday, a day after a special presidential committee had asked the North for a meeting to prepare for the summit.
Purchases on foreign markets -- shares and bonds -- by US investors reached 26.9 billion dollars for the first quarter, against 30.3 billion dollars during the fourth quarter last year.
Foreign investment on the US markets rose to 9.2 billion dollars during the quarter, against eight billion dollars in the last three months of 1993.
"They are invading the country," Ben Rugandazi of the mainly Tutsi rebel RPF said Tuesday during a press conference in Johannesburg.
As the fighting raged on, the peace talks in the Zambian capital Lusaka resumed Tuesday after a week's break during which UN special envoy Alioune Blondin Beye met leaders of both factions in their Luanda and Huambo headquarters.
French premier outlines conditions for Rwanda intervention  PARIS, June 21 (AFP)  Prime Minister Eduard Balladur outlined five stiff conditions for military intervention in Rwanda during a meeting with parliamentary colleagues Tuesday, making the prospects for unilateral French action less likely.
McAteer first caught Charlton's eye during Bolton's run to the English FA quarter-finals last season when his central midfield play bemused Premier League opponents like Everton, Arsenal and Aston Villa.
Salama said post-war recovery covered most sectors, with the Lebanese pound, which had lost most of its value during the war, rising 40 percent against the US dollar and the reserves of the Central Bank jumping from 400 million dollars in September to 2.03 billion dollars currently.
Fighting broke out afresh in Kigali on Tuesday after Monday's lull which enabled about 600 civilians to be evacuated, but it was less heavy than during the weekend.
Roldan has been on the run since April after being charged with fraud and embezzlement of public funds, one of a series of scandals which helped undermine support for Spain's ruling Socialists during European elections this month.
Clinton wants to verify the claim by Carter during his visit to Pyongyang last week that North Korea would suspend its nuclear program in return for high-level talks with the United Sates on bilateral relations.
An Israeli soldier was killed and four others were wounded on Monday during a rocket attack in the security zone, a spokesman said in Jerusalem.
The left-armer was reported to the Test and County Cricket Board after an incident during a championship match between Yorkshire and Somerset at Bradford.
I would be willing to" meet with the Israeli leadership, King Hussein said during an unofficial visit in Washington.
(WASHINGTON) The king also responded to charges that Syria reportedly believes Jordan has moved too fast on diplomatic contacts with Israel, saying his government has "always been in touch" with Syria during the peace process.
The Guatemalan government and the insurgents disagree over the composition of the Truth Commission that will investigate human rights crimes committed during the civil war in which an estimated 100,000 people died.
Zico's final Japanese warning  TOKYO, June 21 (AFP)  Brazilian football legend Zico fired blanks during the last game of his career -- but still left the spotlight with his head held high.
Under the subsequent system of floating rates, the yen's value closely followed the fortunes of the dollar which plunged towards 250 yen during the oil crisis of 1973 and hit 176 yen under President Jimmy Carter in 1978.
(TOKYO) The Japanese currency skyrocketed and doubled its value during the following year, crippling many Japanese export industries and forcing the economy overall to rely more on domestic -- rather than external -- demand to stimulate growth.
Fighting broke out afresh in Kigali on Tuesday after Monday's lull which enabled about 600 civilians to be evacuated, but it was less heavy than during the weekend.
FIFA find plastic solution for drinks  DALLAS, Texas, June 21 (AFP)  Team officials will be allowed to throw plastic bags full of water onto the pitch so their players can drink at any time during World Cup games.
Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin sought Tuesday to play down the fighting in southern Lebanon a day after an Israeli soldier was killed and four others wounded during a rocket attack in the security zone claimed by Hezbollah.
Graeme Hick was extracted by the West Indian quick bowler John "The Dentist" Maynard at Lakenham during the match between Norfolk and Worcestershire.
The Love Canal area near Niagara Falls became a dumping site during World War II.
Clinton has said he wants to verify the claim by Carter during his visit to Pyongyang last week that North Korea would suspend its nuclear program in return for high-level talks with the United Sates on bilateral relations.
Far from it, it is our intention that the conference will debate the fundamental issues that will enable us to move forward in unity and harmony, with justice and equity", he said during a meeting with politicians and "leaders of thought".
Fighting resumed in Kigali on Tuesday after a lull Monday which enabled about 600 civilians to be evacuated, but it was less heavy than during the weekend.
This would be shortsighted, he said, since Europe has a poor record of creating jobs even during periods of economic recovery because of outdated labour laws and high social charges on businessmen.
Management of the state-owned Railtrack revealed plans to run twice as many trains Wednesday as during the first strike on June 15, when all but 500 of the normal 15,000 passenger services were halted.
Such delights as massage with fragrant oils at the airport, onboard champagne -- served occasionally by Branson himself -- individual videos and a soon-to-be-installed in-flight casino pamper passengers during their journey.
But woe betide any player who misses a shot at goal during practice, or who passes wide.
He fears their pace in launching attacks down both wings through outstanding midfielder Emilio Sanchez, the Platini of Bolivia, and the pace of striker William Ramallo, who scored seven goals during Bolivia's qualifying campaign.
There have also been fears on both the Japanese and the US side that Akihito and the empress could be badly embarrassed by a small but vociferous group of mainly Chinese- and Korean-American demonstrators who have doggedly followed the tour to protest what they allege is Japan's failure to fully atone for atrocities its armed forces committed before and during World War II.
That legacy will again be a factor during the final leg of the 16-day, 11-city tour when Akihito and Michiko leave here for Hawaii where he is due to say some words at a cemetery for the war dead within full view of Pearl Harbor.
Each one of them should spend on average of 600 dollars during their stay," added John Skorburg, a Chamber of Commerce planner.
Vietnam enjoys good winter-spring rice harvest  HANOI, June 22 (AFP)  Vietnamese farmers produced 11.6 million tonnes of non-husked rice during the last winter-spring harvest, the agriculture ministry said Wednesday.
Almost 2.4 million hectares (5.9 million acres) were devoted to rice throughout the country during the last harvest.
Vietnam exported 750,000 tonnes of rice during the first five months of this year, down slightly from the same period of 1993.
Klinsmann, 29, has already announced he will be leaving Monaco a year ahead of schedule and has therefore put himself in the shop window during the World Cup.
Israelis will be prevented from entering Jericho during the visit and roads through the surrounding Jordan valley and the northern sector of the Dead Sea will be closed.
Hour of horror -- patient was awake during hip surgery by Jack Taylor  SYDNEY, June 22 (AFP)  Everybody's worst nightmare came true for Ivars Parums as he woke up -- paralysed -- under the surgeon's scalpel on the operating table of an Australian hospital.
Expenditure on a national health insurance project, relief funds for farmers after the island is admitted into the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, and millions of dollars in compensation for the families of victims of a 1947 massacre during spontaneous rioting put down by police and troops, were expected to further strain government finances.
Petitions distributed by journalists during the protests said the ban breached constitutional guarantees of freedom of expression.
Israeli soldiers on Monday stopped chief Palestinian negotiator Nabil Shaath at checkpoints twice during a visit to Jericho.
Navarro said the proposal was taken up during the ASEAN senior economic officials' meeting in Jakarta earlier this month, and would be considered at the economic ministers meeting in Thailand later this year.
Ramos recalled that during his meeting with Suharto last year in Jakarta both leaders agreed "that fixing our boundaries, and thus the reduction of the area for potential conflict, are of primary concern."
He said the corrective movement could continue during the day, but that the dollar could slump further if central banks did not quickly organise a concerted intervention attempt to support the US currency.
"It's an attempt to continue annexing whatever they can during that period," he added.
The post-independence Awami League government of assassinated president Sheikh Mujibur Rahman had cancelled Azam's citizenship for his alleged collaboration with the Pakistani army during Bangladesh's war of independence from Pakistan in 1971.
Following the end of the last search, the US repatriated the presumed remains of 16 of its soldiers killed during the Vietnam War.
Four sets of remains were returned by the local villagers, while the 12 others were dug up during excavations.
Soviet coup plotter sheds light on attempted putsch  MOSCOW, June 22 (AFP)  Valentin Varennikov, the former Soviet deputy defense minister accused of taking part in the aborted August 1991 putsch, shed some light Wednesday during court testimony on the dramatic moments of the coup.
Gorbachev has said he would testify during the trial.
Israeli soldiers on Monday stopped chief Palestinian negotiator Nabil Shaath at checkpoints twice during a visit to Jericho.
Israelis will be prevented from entering Jericho during the visit and roads through the surrounding Jordan valley will be closed.
Japan, formerly Burma's largest aid donor, joined other major donor nations in suspending economic aid after the bloody 1988 coup, during which thousands of pro-democracy protesters were killed.
Peng then planned to sue to recover the shares, but on October 13, during a business trip to Macau, police raided his hotel room -- ostensibly looking for "illegal immigrants" -- then handed him to Chinese police at the border.
"The political leaders exchanged views during their friendly conversation on the course of democratic reforms in Russia and in Belarus, and on prospects for political cooperation in the framework of the Commonwealth of Independent States," Kostikov said.
Balladur plans to address the French national assembly on Rwanda later Wednesday during the regular session of questions to the government.
Pakistan produces record one million tons steel  KARACHI, June 22 (AFP)  State-owned Pakistan Steel Mills (PSM) produced a record one million tons of steel during fiscal 1993-94 -- the highest since it was commissioned in 1985, officials said Wednesday.
Children will be employable from the age of 14, occasionally 13, for "light work" but the hours and times of day will be strictly regulated, especially during term time.
France will have to amend its legislation to reduce the number of hours children are allowed to work during the school holidays from 39 hours to 35, with two days off a week against one under the existing rules.
Shelton admitted that he had made the most of some of Stich's outbursts during the match.
They also agreed that the EFTA Surveillance Authority and the EFTA Court will be kept operational during a transitional period in order to safeguard the rights of individuals and economic operators.
Judge Duncan Tambala said he was satisfied that there were "serious irregularities" during voting.
The dealer, who expected the dollar to fluctuate between 1.5880 and 1.6120 marks during the day, said the dollar could be subject to intervention by the central banks if it falls below 1.5880.
The agreements, signed during an official visit by Vietnamese Deputy Prime Minister Phan Van Khai, envisage expanding economic cooperation, especially in energy, telecommunications, information technology, agriculture, food processing, construction, transportation and aerospace, said Canadian officials.
The question came to a head after UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali called for Germany's "real participation on the ground" in January last year during a visit to Germany, the United Nations' third largest financial contributor.
He said the summit, and a Yeltsin-Clinton meeting scheduled during a summit of the G-7 group of industrialised nations in Italy next month, constituted "major milestones in the Russia-US partnership."
Kozyrev was speaking during a meeting with US Secretary of State Warren Christopher after he signed Russia up for the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation's Partnership for Peace Programme of military cooperation.
Rebels could resume fighting in August, Subcommandante Marcos says  MEXICO CITY, June 22 (AFP)  Guerrilla warfare could flare during Mexico's presidential elections in August because the government has failed to meet rebel demands, the leader of Zapatista National Liberation Front warned in a newspaper interview.
Ansi ruled out the possibility that UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi -- who failed during a 10-day mission to bridge the gap on the monitoring issue -- would return to the region.
Brazil and Pakistan also expressed reservations during the consultations, diplomat said.
Mohammad is also demanding the release of 24 lawyers arrested in May during a rally to protest Madani's death.
Oldrich Cernik, former reform leader, injured in road accident  PRAGUE, June 22 (AFP)  Oldrich Cernik, who introduced some anti-communist reforms as prime minister during the 1967 "Prague Spring," has been seriously injured in a road accident, CTK news agency reported Wednesday.
Cipollini, who also missed last month's Tour of Italy, has not fully recovered from a bad fall during the Tour of Spain in April, when he broke a rib.
Roadside police checkpoints inspected 1,053 vehicles at 43 locations in Moscow and authorities recovered 23 stolen cars during the operation.
The report said that a total of 292 crimes were discovered during the sweep and of those 219 led to arrests.
Russian cosmonaut Alexandre Serebrov offered Gore a glove that he wore during his 182 days aboard the Mir, which he concluded in January.
In exchange, the vice president gave the Russians a glove worn by an astronaut during the mission in December to repair the Hubble space telescope.
The dollar was up Wednesday and continued to firm during the day.
(AFP) Pure genius Jack Charlton has complained about players not receiving enough water during matches played in mid-day heat, but at his hotel in Orlando, Florida, the Ireland manager has a choice of beverages.
In April of 1992, Sweden had a current account deficit of 2.9 billion kronor (376.6 million dollars), while during the last 12 months Sweden has registered a current account deficit of 1.8 billion kronor (233.7 million dollars).
The headquarters of Ostankino television, which broadcasts throughout the former Soviet Union, was also the site of a night of bloody fighting between pro- and anti-government forces during the armed revolt last October.
"North Korea delivered this very day not only Scud-B and Scud-C missiles to Syria, but also the technology to produce these weapons," Rabin said during a political meeting here.
"The quantity of surface-to-surface missiles that Iraq had during the Gulf War seems ridiculous compared to stocks of Scud missiles in Syria today."
"The presidency is in your hands," Giraldo told one of the Orejuela brothers during one recorded conversation released Wednesday by the newspaper El Tiempo.
The United States sent a letter to North Korea on Monday asking for clarification of proposals the Pyongyang government made to former US president Jimmy Carter during a visit to North Korea last week.
But that task has been made more difficult because the Kremlin has been seeking every opportunity to demonstrate its independence since the strong nationalist push during Russian legislative elections last December.
Norway are swathing themselves in plastic during training to acclimatise themselves.
But Belgian coach Paul Van Himst said he would be happy to stay in tropical Orlando through the second round, even though the temperature in the Citrus Bowl reached 43 C during Belgium's 1-0 victory over Morocco.
UN weapons inspectors satisfied with Iraqi cooperation  MANAMA, June 22 (AFP)  UN weapons inspectors said Wednesday they were satisfied with Iraq's cooperation during their nine-day fact-finding mission there.
Christopher and his Polish counterpart Andrzej Olechowski agreed to meet with the foreign ministers of Albania, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Macedonia, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia during talks here.
The meeting, to be chaired by Olechowski and Christopher, will take place during a visit here by US President Bill Clinton.
By selling weapons to the Turkish government, the United States is contributing to the execution of Kurds during Turkish raids against their camps, Schultz said.
"The presidency is in your hands," Giraldo told one of the Orejuela brothers during one recorded conversation released Wednesday by the newspaper El Tiempo.
But that task has been made more difficult because the Kremlin has been seeking every opportunity to demonstrate its independence since the strong nationalist push during Russian legislative elections last December.
"Fear of central bank intervention put a floor under the dollar," Newman said, adding that the dollar should keep its edge in trading on Asian markets during the night.
The number of Hispanics living below the poverty level fell during the 1980s but rebounded at the beginning of the 1990s, according to the report.
The alliance, which has doggedly mounted protests wherever the emperor has gone, including outside the White House, alleges that the Japanese are rewriting text books to conceal the full extent of the atrocities their armed forces carried out during the Sino-Japanese war.
Turning to the Honolulu protest Saturday at the East-West Center, Ding said that there would be three main groups of demonstrators -- his own group, American war veterans angry over the decision to cancel the USS Arizona event and Korean-Americans campaigning for full compensation for Korean women forced to become sex slaves to Japanese troops during World War II.
It was unclear whether he would speak during the ceremony and cemetery director Gene Castagnetti would only say that the event would be "short, dignified and majestic."
"I did not play Okocha against Bulgaria because he had got a slight injury during training, but I hope to bring him back for Maradona."
US President Bill Clinton announced Wednesday formal confirmation from Kim Il-Sung that Pyongyang would freeze its nuclear program during the third round of talks.
Clinton said that efforts to impose UN sanctions against North Korea would be suspended during negotiations, which the official said would continue "so long as they are productive."
He told a radio interviewer Thursday he could not remember making the alleged slur during a private conversation in December 1990, when he was Hawke's treasurer.
"The full compliance with the NPT and safeguards accords will call on North Korea to guarantee transparency of its nuclear past," Han said, referring to the plutonium North Korea might have diverted during a 1989 closure of its five-megawatt reactor in Yongbyon.
"The quantity of surface-to-surface missiles that Iraq had during the Gulf War seems ridiculous compared to stocks of Scud missiles in Syria today."
Prosecutor Sudiro Husodo said the three unidentified men, aged from 18 to 22, took part in a protest aimed at discrediting the Indonesian government during the visit of foreign journalists in Dili last April -- a charge that can carry a maximum penalty of seven years imprisonment.
The three were among some 150 people who demonstrated in front of a hotel in Dili during the visit by foreign journalists.
Delaware executes convicted double murderer by lethal injection  SMYRNA, Delaware, June 23 (AFP)  A man convicted of stabbing to death an elderly couple during a drinking binge was executed by lethal injection early Thursday, hours after the Supreme Court rejected two stays of execution.
Several protests have been planned by Chinese-Americans charging Japanese revisionism over the 1937 Nanjing massacre, American war veterans over the cancellation of plans for the emperor to visit Pearl harbor and Korean-Americans demanding full compensation for Korean women forced to be sex slaves to Japanese soldiers during World War II.
The number of guard agencies has increased ninefold since 1972 while the number of their employees has multiplied by seven or eight times during the same period.
Jiang, during a tour this week of southern Guangdong province, said the early 1980s decision to establish SEZs as experiment grounds for China's economic reforms had been "correct," the newspaper reported.
The SEZs have accumulated valuable experience, Jiang said, expressing the government's determination for their role to remain unchanged in leading the way during China's shift to a socialist market economy.
And in a totally unofficial way...I just presented his policy without any distortions to it," the former president said referring to the talks he held during his private mission to end the crisis.
Clinton announced Wednesday formal confirmation from North Korean President Kim Il-Sung that Pyongyang would freeze its nuclear program during the third round of talks.
Clinton said he would suspend efforts to seek UN sanctions during the talks.
The workers offered little resistance during the raid, but thousands of others, including locomotive engineers, staged an indefinite walkout in protest, plunging South Korea's state-run railroad into the worst paralysis in decades.
The mark has risen strongly during the last few weeks because of sentiment that the next change in German interest rates might be upwards.
"Our suffering during the Gulf War will seem like child's play compared with what awaits us in a war with Syria."
"The quantity of surface-to-surface missiles that Iraq had during the Gulf War seems ridiculous compared to stocks of Scud missiles in Syria today."
The police have issued warnings to families of the hundreds of people killed for allegedly collaborating with Israel during the intifada or uprising not to seek revenge.
According to the Israeli army nearly 1,000 Palestinians were murdered by fellow Palestinians during the intifada, but most were not collaborators, rather common criminals, prostitutes, drug addicts and dealers or just vendetta victims.
Other opposition leaders arrested during a month of growing resistance to General Sani Abacha's regime have been detained in Lagos and charged with treason in the federal high court.
The price, which had again fallen sharly during the last few days to a record low point of 23.85 francs, firmed by 1.80 percent in early trading on Thursday to 25.45 francs in busy trading.
Iryani will meet UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi, who failed to broker a truce between the warring parties during a 10-day mission to the region that ended Sunday.
The proposals will be made during a meeting in Geneva in early July of the so-called contact group mediating in the Bosnian conflict, involving Russia, the United Nations, United States and the European Union.
In press statements, the four groups demanded the swift punishment of police and prison guards alleged to have beaten Vietnamese refugees during the April 7 clearance of Section 10 of the Whitehead Detention Center.
Two civilians were killed and five injured in crossfire during a subsequent gunbattle, an Indian military spokesman said.
In another development, Lal Krishna Advani, leader of the main opposition Bharatiya Janata Party (Indian People's Party, BJP), was arrested Thursday during a protest march in Kashmir's winter capital Jammu.
(picture) Taiwanese parliamentary committee passes nuclear budget  TAIPEI, June 23 (AFP)  A Taiwanese parliamentary committee passed a 112.5 billion Taiwan dollars (4.16 billion US) budget to finance the construction of the island's fourth nuclear power plant, during a rowdy session Thursday.
He also served in 1988-1989 as Moscow's ambassador to Afghanistan during the withdrawal of Soviet troops from that country.
    June 23 (AFP) - We will move the following ahead of the Corfu European  summit:     BRUSSELS:       Jacques Delors, the president of the                     European Commission whose successor is                     due to be chosen this week, is known as                     "Mr. Europe" because he has so profoundly                     changed the European Union during his                     10 years in the job.
After 10 years of Delors, Europe is a different place by Graham Brown  BRUSSELS, June 23 (AFP)  Jacques Delors, the president of the European Commission whose successor is due to be chosen this week, is known as "Mr. Europe" because he has so profoundly changed the European Union during his 10 years in the job.
But 71 percent of them had expressed the view that the recovery would be "weak" during the second half of the year.
Only 11 percent of business leaders expected to increase the number of people they employed during the second half of the year, while 73 percent did not expect to make any change and 16 percent expected to shed labour.
It sought "exceptional arrangements" to encourage investment, holding that these might be introduced during the summer, particularly if an increase in long-term rates continued.
Despite continued and rapid industrial economic growth, including a 14.6 percent increase in industrial output during the first four months of this year, the city's speculative real estate projects are buckling under the effects of a nationwide credit crunch.
Norman Givant, a Shanghai-based lawyer specialising in commercial law, said Beijing's economic retrenchment policies had created a "cooling period during which huge sums of money have been pulled out of circulation."
Several protests have been planned by Chinese-Americans charging Japanese revisionism over the 1937 Nanjing massacre, American war veterans over the cancellation of plans for the emperor to visit Pearl harbor and Korean-Americans demanding full compensation for Korean women forced to be sex slaves to Japanese soldiers during World War II.
Originally the meeting was to be in Japan during the Asian Games in Hiroshima in October, but North Korea advanced the time to accelerate preparations.
The calming process which had affected international markets during the last two days would continue and this would mean that the trend of long-term rates in Germany would change direction.
The Bundesbank had not made any decisions regarding the terms for repurchase arrangements during the next few weeks.
Questioned about the liklihood that the lowest repurchase rate might be reduced by about five basis points each week during the next few weeks, as has been the case since the middle of May, the chief economist at the bank, Otmar Issing, said: "It would be absurd to extrapolate."
President Bill Clinton on Wednesday said North Korea had assured the United States that, during the talks, it would not refuel a five- megawatt reactor at Yongbyon, north of Pyongyang, that the United States suspects is a nuclear bomb factory.
It also pledged not to process enriched uranium in order to extract weapons-grade plutonium during this period.
There are some suspicions that some of the fuel at Yongbyon may have been diverted during a reactor shutdown in 1989.
Iryani will also meet UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi who failed to broker  a truce during a 10-day tour of the region.
Abiola had pledged to some 2,000 cheering people that he would present a government, during his first public appearance since giving police the slip and declaring himself president and commander-in-chief of the armed forces on June 11.
Other opposition leaders arrested during a month of growing resistance to General Sani Abacha's regime have been detained in Lagos and charged with treason in the federal high court.
Housego said that he and Mackie had never been separated during the 17 days they were in the hands of the guerrillas and had been accompanied by up to 20 militants most of the time.
The slick, which is 800 metres (2,640 feet) long and 200 metres (660 feet) wide, has occurred during peak breeding season and conservationists fear for the lives of the colony's 10,000 penguin chicks.
"Our priority is to save the adults so that at least they can replenish themselves during the next season."
Krige said it would take three weeks to rehabilitate the penguins once they had been cleaned, adding that the birds are particularly vulnerable to disease during the process.
All publicly denounced and abandoned their aim of setting up an Islamic state and urged their comrades to do the same during conferences attended by government-appointed Islamic clerics in Cairo's Tora prison.
He was tailed during his fourth visit to India after a random check on foreign tourists by drug officials indicated he could be a smuggler and a narcotics abuser.
(new series) US optimistic about reaching nuclear accord with North Korea  VIENNA, June 23 (AFP)  Assistant US Secretary of State Robert Galluci was optimistic about the outcome of negotiations with North Korea over the nuclear issue during working-level talks with the IAEA Thursday, diplomats here said.
They said Galluci during the talks briefed Hans Blix, director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), on North Korea's promise to freeze its nuclear programme.
Joulwan, who also commands US forces in Europe, will hold talks with Russian Defence Minister Pavel Grachev during his stay.
Israel has agreed to hand over by the end of 1994 all the antiquities unearthed during the occupation of the Sinai from 1967 to 1982.
The dollar was expected to move between 1.5980 and 1.61 marks during the session, the trader added.
Housego said that he and Mackie had never been separated during the 17 days they were in the hands of the guerrillas and had been accompanied by up to 20 militants most of the time.
Kurds call on EU leaders to stop weapon sales to Turkey  ATHENS, June 23 (AFP)  The Kurdistan National Liberation Front (ERNK) called on the 12-nation European Union Thursday to ban weapons sales to Turkey during the union's two-day summit on the Greek island of Corfu.
Tas Sabri, the head of the ERNK office in Athens, told reporters during a press conference that EU leaders meeting Friday and Saturday in Corfu should adopt a resolution banning the sale of weapons to Turkey.
Iryani will also meet UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi who failed to broker  a truce during a 10-day tour of the region, the official Saba agency said.
1978 ZAIRE: Six hundred Foreign Legionnaires parachute into Kolwezi during a new Shaba rebellion to repatriate 2,700 European expatriates.
For sale: title to become next British monarch's right-hand man  LONDON, June 23 (AFP)  A title conferring the right to be the next British monarch's right- hand-man during his coronation will be up for grabs next month for an estimated 60,000 pounds (90,000 dollars).
"Norway has historic obligations in Guatemala during the coming years, but the real efforts to secure peace and democracy rest with the people of Guatemala," Norwegian Foreign Minister Bjoern Tore Godal said.
The call was apparently directed at anti-fundamentalist parties and groups which accused him of committing war crimes during Bangladesh's violent war of independence from Pakistan in 1971.
Bangladesh's Surpreme Court Wednesday upheld last year's lower court verdict restoring Azam's citizenship, stripped in 1972 by the then government for his alleged collaboration with the Pakistan army during the nine-month-old war.
The government ordered for his arrest in 1992 following popular unrest during protests against his election to the head his party while his petition to restore his citizenship was still pending.
Two Marseille men -- then general manager Jean-Pierre Bernes and midfielder Jean-Jacques Eydelie -- allegedly tried to bribe three Valenciennes players to take it easy during the game.
An estimated half-a-million Rwandans have been killed and seven million displaced during the past 10 weeks following the death of President Juvenal Habyarimana in a mysterious plane crash in Kigali in April.
"I would be better news for Mexico alive than dead," Harp said in the nearly five-minute videotape in which he explained his silence during the captivity as motivated by fears of adding "another destablizing factor" to the country.
Reports circulating at the Silverstone circuit during a Formula One test session there said an agreement had been reached between Mansell and Williams.
Other opposition leaders arrested during a month of growing resistance to Abacha's regime have been detained in Lagos and charged with treason in the federal high court.
The slick has occurred during peak breeding season and conservationists fear for the lives of the colony's 10,000 penguin chicks.
"Our priority is to save the adults so that at least they can replenish themselves during the next season."
Labor deputy Alan Williams has called the cost ludicrous and said it might be justified during the days of the British Empire but not today.
Sadyrin substituted Yuran and Radchenko during Russia's 2-0 loss to the tournament favourites in San Francisco last Monday, but Russia must beat Sweden at the Pontiac Silverdome here Friday to stay in contention for the second round.
"On the supply side, it is unlikely that production of the newly mined gold in the West will increase materially in the future, and certainly at nowhere near the rate of increase seen during the 1980s," he said.
The pact signed during the third meeting of the Russian-US commission would end the production of all plutonium by 2000.
Asked during a news converence in Washington at the end of two days of meetings by the US-Russian commission, Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin said, "I can't tell anything because we are not concealing anything at all."
The Iraqi spokesamn said the Iranian authorities had lied during the war to the Iranian people and the ICRC by saying that "thousands of Iranians had been taken prisoner, whereas in reality they died in fighting."
Several hundred protestors were expected to hound Akihito during his two-day stay in the Pacific Ocean state, which has the highest percentage Japanese-American community in the union at around 30 percent.
The protesters represent Chinese-Americans who accuse Japan of revisionism aimed at concealing the true extent of atrocities carried out by imperial troops, Korean-Americans demanding full compensation for Korean women forced to become sex slaves to Japanese soldiers during World War II and US war veterans angry over the Pearl Harbor cancellation.
There were no plans for Akihito to say any words during the 20-minute ceremony which would be "short, dignified and majestic" according to Punchbowl director Gene Castagnetti.
The army statement said 47 northern troops had been killed in the previous 48 hours during two "resistance" operations in the Lahaj region, some 100 kilometres (60 miles) north of Aden.
Iryani will also meet UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi who failed to broker  a truce during a 10-day tour of the region, the official Saba agency said.
US senator declared persona non grata in Haiti  PORT-AU-PRINCE, June 23 (AFP)  The military-backed regime in Haiti declared a US senator persona non grata Thursday after he called for an armed invasion of the Caribbean nation during his visit there last week.
The pact, signed during the third meeting of the Russian-US commission, aims to end production of all plutonium by 2000.
The other three countries must still ratify membership in referendums during October and November, and the result is far from a foregone conclusion.
Football is above money, says Milla  SAN FRANCISCO, California, June 23 (AFP)  Cameroon's most famous player, Roger Milla, said on Thursday that money was never a reason to boycott matches during a World Cup campaign.
Sadyrin has criticised the form of strikers Sergei Yuran and Dimtri Radchenko, whom he substituted during the second half against the Brazilians.
Team-mate Gueorgui Gueorguiev said that during the build-up they had been forced into a two-day strike over pay.
They will stay there during the two-day visit to the Pacific Ocean state before flying back to Tokyo on Saturday.
They will stay there during the two-day visit to the Pacific Ocean state before flying back to Tokyo on Saturday.
The protestors represent Chinese-Americans who charge Japanese revisionism aimed at concealing the true extent of atrocities carried out by imperial troops, Korean-Americans demanding full compensation for Korean women forced to become sex slaves to Japanese soldiers during World War II and American war veterans angry over the Pearl Harbor cancellation.
There were no plans for Akihito to say any words during the 20-minute ceremony which would be "short, dignified and majestic" according to Punchbowl director Gene Castagnetti.
The Morning Post reported that Deng -- last seen publicly on a visit to Shanghai during the Lunar New Year in February -- had been in China's biggest city in late April, and that he was "fit enough to do short-term travelling."
The dollar, having opened at 101.11 yen from 101.40 in New York late on Thursday, moved narrowly above 101 yen in quite trading during the morning.
The dollar ranged from 100.35 yen to 101.15 yen during trading.
Kasrils, who wrote a best-seller about his life on the run as an ANC fighter, led the charge of ANC supporters during a march in September 1992 on the capital of the former black homeland of Ciskei, which led to the deaths of 29 people when the homeland soldiers opened fire.
Mieno says currency swings are 'disturbing' for Japanese recovery  TOKYO, June 24 (AFP)  Currency instability is "disturbing" fragile recovery of the Japanese economy, the governor of the Bank of Japan Yasushi Mieno said on Friday at the end of a week during which the dollar fell to below 100 yen.
Ruble falls to 1,979 to dollar  MOSCOW, June 24 (AFP)  The ruble lost two points in value against the dollar during trading on Friday and was quoted at 1,979 on the Moscow interbank currency exchange.
Seizures during the first three months included more than one tonne of heroin and 476 kilograms (1,050 punds) of opium, the China Daily quoted Zhuo as saying.
"I would be better news for Mexico alive than dead," Harp said in the nearly five-minute videotape in which he explained his silence during the captivity as motivated by fears of adding "another destablizing factor" to the country.
Agriculture Commissioner Rene Steichen reacted by withdrawing concessions which he had made to ministers during four days of negotiations, and condemned demands by France for additional aid in the wheat sector.
A meeting of agriculture ministers, which had begun on Monday, considered a proposal by the administrative commission that an additional cut be made in the intervention price of butter during the next two years.
Steichen, who had made significant concessions to the ministers during the negotiations, expressed evident disappointment at the outcome.
Principal among these was agreement to maintain milk quotas at their current amounts during the next two sdeasons, to reduce a cut in the intervention price for butter in 1994-95 by three percent and in 1995-96 by one percent, and to increase rights to premiums available to beef farmers.
Of the 614 workers rounded up during the raids, a total of 534 were released as of mid-Friday in return for a promise to get back to work, but eight were formally arrested for incitment and others were still under questioning.
The treasury said that the figures confirmed that the recovery of the economy had continued during the first quarter and reflected an increase in output in all of the main sectors.
Amid rising international tensions over North Korea's suspected nuclear weapons program, Japanese Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata said last week that while Japan was capable of building nuclear bombs it would never do so, especially following the two nuclear bomb attacks on Japan during World War II.
But this year, the watchers say there are few signs of preparations for the "Hate" month, and attribute the lack of fanfare to Kim Il- Sung's hopes of improving ties with the United States during talks in Geneva set to start July 8.
Greek Prime Minister Andreas Papandreou, chairman of the summit, said Friday that the democratic and human rights traditions of Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden had been an example for Greece during its military dictatorship.
EuroDisney leads stocks gloom  LONDON, June 24 (AFP)  Share prices fell in London and Paris on Friday, and the EuroDisney fell by 20 percent under heavy selling during an operation to raise capital.
The capitalistion of the London stock market here fell by six billion pounds (nine billion dollars) during the morning.
The CBI report showed that a growing number of British companies expected to increase prices during the next four months.
The price of shares in EuroDisney fell by 20.31 percent to 12.75 francs during morning trading.
Industry Minister Vito Gnutti then warned Italians that they would "all be hit with austerity measures," while Berlusconi's Forza Italia had given the impression during its electoral campaign that "austerity can be accompanied by tax cuts."
Of the total, 106 had received operating licences during the last six months, it said.
French presidential spokesman Jean Musitelli said Yeltsin had expressed disappointment at the refusal during a dinner he attended with EU leaders here on Thursday ahead of a two-day EU summit which started on Friday.
Rebels and government forces fought ferocious artillery battles overnight, and sporadic smalls arms and mortar fire continued during the day, Mehu said.
Israeli soldiers shoot dead Palestinian teenager in West Bank  NABLUS, West Bank, June 24 (AFP)  Israeli soldiers shot dead a Palestinian teenager during clashes here on Friday, witnesses said.
He toned down his rhetoric during the election campaign, calling instead for closer ties with Russia, Ukraine and other former Soviet states, but his pro-Russian bent is clear -- a position he shares with Kebich.
Sheikh Muhammad Muneer, President of the Federation of Pakistan Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FPCCI), alleged at a news conference here that federal Finance Secretary Qazi Aleemullah "misbehaved" with delegation members during Thursday's meeting in Islamabad.
Paris stocks down more than one percent  PARIS, June 24 (AFP)  Paris stocks were hit by a downtrend during the first half of the Friday trading session in a market worried about the weak dollar, traders said.
Elf Group expects drop in operating result  PARIS, June 24 (AFP)  French group Elf should find its operating result before exceptional factors falling by 20 percent during the first half this year from the same period last year, but the net result should fall more because of the growing weight of financial charges, it was learned Friday.
Yesterday's hero forced to quit  LONDON, June 24 (AFP)  Danish hero Kenneth Carlsen, who put third seed Stefan Edberg out of Wimbledon on Thursday, was forced to retire himself Friday when he was taken ill during his match against Sweden's Jonas Bjorkman.
Ramos to meet Pope during Italy visit  MANILA, June 24 (AFP)  Philippine President Fidel Ramos is to meet Pope John Paul II during a visit to Italy in September as part of a five-nation European tour, official sources said Friday.
Otherwise, he warned, thousands of rival soldiers could be in dangerous limbo during October's first post-war elections.
CERN president Hubert Curien said there were "a few problems to resolve" regarding the budget, but stressed that the decision in principle to build the accelerator, designed to recreate the conditions that existed during the first million millionth of a second of time, had been agreed.
French Chunnel train cuts out Calais to thwart terrorists  PARIS, June 24 (AFP)  The high-speed train from Paris to London will not stop at Calais during the first few months of operation to thwart any terrorist planning to plant a bomb and then leave the train, an official said here on Friday.
Initially services on the Paris-London and Brussels-London routes are to run once a day and during the first month seats will be available by invitation only.
Despite the latest Fed intervention, the dollar was continuing to lose ground regained during the first interventions.
Despite the latest Fed intervention, the dollar was continuing to lose ground regained during the first interventions.
The outlawed union alliance called for the dismissal of Home Minister Choi Hyung-Woo and demanded an immediate release of railway workers arrested during police actions against railway unionists across the country on Thursday.
Of the 614 workers rounded up during Thursday's raids, a total of 534 were released as of mid-day Friday in return for a promise to go back to work, but eight were formally arrested for indictment and others were still being questioned.
In 1989, he pleaded no contest to charges he beat Nicole Brown Simpson during a particularly violent row in which he threatened to kill her.
Issued Thursday by the Institute for International Affairs in Pyongyang, it alluded to the mobilisation of Japanese experts in germ warfare during the war, according to the official North Korean news agency, monitored here.
Black has denied any such suggestion, holding that the decision to reduce the price of the newspaper had been taken on June 10 in the light of circulation figures for The Times during May.
He told the Financial Times newspaper that at the time of the sale of the shares, no special arrangements had been made regarding management of The Telegraph during the summer.
Still no catching Schumacher  SILVERSTONE, England, June 24 (AFP)  Michael Schumacher and Benetton-Ford proved yet again to be the fastest combination in Formula One during this week's testing session here.
Members of the HAMAS armed wing Ezzedin al-Kassam fired dozens of shots into the air during the march, and the police fired a 21-gun salute to honour Saluha as he was buried.
The groups asked the Austrian government to raise the question of human rights and treatment of Tibetans, who live under harsh Chinese rule, during their contact with the Chinese delegation.
The succession issue is to be discussed during a dinner meeting of all the EU leaders Friday.
Fighting continues in Angola  LUANDA, June 24 (AFP)  At least nine civilians were killed Friday when shells hit a medical clinic during fighting between government troops and UNITA rebels in the central city of Kuito, government radio reported.
Prices started the week off at a high 1,021 dollars a tonne, but prices slipped during the week to end at around 1,005 dollars in light trading.
Among stocks featuring during the week, Eurotunnel lost eight pence on the week to end at 280, though rallying a bit late in the week on the results of its cash call.
Prices fell from the very high prices attained during the previous week.
Danish hero Kenneth Carlsen, who put third seed Stefan Edberg out 24 hours earlier, was forced to retire himself on Friday when he was taken ill during his match against Sweden's Jonas Bjorkman.
But during the 1991 Gulf war, US undercover agents found that a number of German firms had illegally helped Baghdad obtain arms.
He took 93 strokes to complete 17 holes of the course in this western Paris suburb, but after five more strokes at the 18th, during which he lost his final two balls, Forsbrand ran out ammunition.
State television meanwhile has been running daily spots aimed at stirring up nationalist sentiment and fears by showing images of civilians who were killed during the 1989 US invasion of Panama.
Danish hero Kenneth Carlsen, who put third seed Stefan Edberg out of the tournament 24 hours earlier, was forced to retire himself when he was taken ill during his match against Sweden's Jonas Bjorkman.
Hull said this was in addition to the estimated 16 billion dollars (11.5 billion US) that Hibernia will cost to operate during its anticipated 19-year lifespan.
Angola, Brazil, Cape Verde, Guinea-Bissau, Mozambique, Portugal and Sao Tome e Principe had been expected to sign a declaration setting up a community of Portuguese-speaking countries during the summit.
It was yet another low point in a professional career spanning nearly 20 years, during which he has played in Spanish, Italian and Argentinian clubs and rowed with almost all of them.
Barely containing his anger during a radio interview broadcast in St. Louis, Missouri, Clinton said that the Republican Party's religious right wing had made him the victim of the basest attacks in modern times.
State television meanwhile has been running daily spots aimed at stirring up nationalist sentiment and fears by showing images of civilians who were killed during the 1989 US invasion of Panama.
Black has said the decision to reduce the price of the newspaper had been taken on June 10 in the light of circulation figures for The Times during May.
Team-mate Gueorgui Gueorguiev, who plays with Mikhailov for the French club Mulhouse, said that during the build-up they had been forced into a two-day strike over pay.
Mutegi Njau was charged with subversion in April after he wrote a story quoting an eyewitness as saying he had seen a helicopter transporting warriors in the Burnt Forest area of western Kenya, during an eruption of tribal clashes there earlier this year.
France's TF1 launches 24-hour news channel  PARIS, June 25 (AFP)  France's most popular television channel TF1, a private company, has launched a 24-hour news service on the lines of the US network CNN, which was hugely popular here during the Gulf War.
Some 20 people have been injured, one seriously, during police charges on demonstrators since they first started their action at dawn on Friday, blocking the main southern route into the city.
Organisers said they expected more than 50,000 people during the day.
Former chief justice and now leader of the main opposition Forum Party of Zimbabwe (FPZ), Enoch Dumbutshena, responded by urging his supporters to keep axes and spears at home to defend themselves in case they were provoked during the door-to-door election campaign.
According to the southern authorities, nearly 400 civilians have been killed and about 900 wounded in and around Aden during intensive shelling by northern forces in the past two weeks.
Southern officials say Saudi Arabia cut off funding for it in protest at Yemen's position during the Gulf crisis which followed Iraq's August 1990 invasion of Kuwait.
Schwantz, Doohan's main challenger for the title and who injured his wrist during a crash on Thursday, needed a specially-designed left hand grip to race.
The EU summit, conducted on this Greek Mediterranean island during Greece's six month presidency of the European Council, failed to find a new chief executive after Britain blocked Belgian Prime Minister Jean-Luc Dehaene.
As many as 15 traffickers were killed or wounded during the raid in the region of Saravan in Sistan-Baluchestan province bordering Pakistan, IRNA said without giving further details The narcotics were destined for Turkey, Iran's western neighbor, it said.
Europe backs French mission in Rwanda but offers little aid  CORFU, Greece, June 25 (AFP)  European Union leaders backed the French intervention in Rwanda during their summit meeting in Corfu which ended Saturday, but did not offer the extra troops and help which Paris wants so badly.
The sum pledged by the EU includes a loan of 400 million ECUs and a gift of 100 million ECUs. The summiteers agreed during the two-day meeting on the necessity of closing down Ukraine's dangerous Chernobyl nuclear reactor.
In the letter, he charged that the DYP's "negative attitude" during debates in parliament made it impossible to set up a rights ministry.
(AFP)     CORFU, Greece: European Union leaders backed the French intervention in  Rwanda during their summit meeting in Corfu which ended Saturday, but did not  offer the extra troops and help which Paris had hoped for.
In early April, several Kurds set fire to themselves during violent demonstrations in Germany to mark the Kurdish new year.
Several PKK emblems cropped up during the demonstration here but police failed to intervene.
Mike Procter, South Africa's coach, said his players were keen to get their tour under way after two warm-up one-day games during the past week.
Baresi, the Italian captain and defensive lynchpin, underwent 20 minutes of keyhole surgery on Friday night to remove fragments of cartilage after he tore the meniscus in his right knee during Thursday's 1-0 win against Norway.
Abdelaziz Abdelghani, a member of Yemen's Presidential Council, said he would discuss "recent regional and international developments" with Sultan Qaboos during his two-day visit.
Sanaa fears further measures will be taken when the Security Council meets next week to examine a report by UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi, who failed to broker a ceasefire during a 10-day tour of the region.
50,000 hold "march for Jesus"  BERLIN, June 25 (AFP)  Some 50,000 Christians of various denominations staged a "march for Jesus" here Saturday and organizers said millions of people would make similar demonstrations of their faith worldwide during the day.
Similar marches were to take place in almost 650 towns worldwide during the day, with a total of some 15 million people expected to participate, the Berlin organizers said.
Milosevic urges mediators to extend Bosnia truce  BELGRADE, June 25 (AFP)  Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic called Saturday for an extension to the one-month Bosnia truce during talks with the co-chairmen of the Geneva peace conference on former Yugoslavia, the Tanjug agency said.
Violence has become a permanent threat for visitors to Florida, several tourists having been killed, and police have stepped up security during the World Cup.
The Security Council is due to meet next week to discuss a report from UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi, who failed to broker a ceasefire during a 10-day mission to the region.
"FIFA's disciplinary committee banned Charlton from sitting on the bench for the next game as a result of his constant misbehaviour during the first two games," said FIFA spokesman Guido Tognoni.
FIFA, have instructed their referees to cut out any time-wasting to ensure there is at least 60 minutes continuous play in every 90 during this tournament.
Charlton also crossed swords with FIFA over the tackle-from-behind ruling and giving players drinks during matches.
FIFA, have instructed their referees to cut out any time-wasting to ensure there is at least 60 minutes continuous play in every 90 during this tournament.
Christians stage "marches for Jesus"  LONDON, June 25 (AFP)  More than 100,000 Christians of mixed denominations staged "marches for Jesus" Saturday in three European cities, as organisers said millions would make similar demonstrations of their faith worldwide during the day.
Similar marches were to take place in almost 650 towns worldwide during the day, with a total of some 15 million people expected to participate, the organisers of the Berlin event said.
At one stage during the match Zoecke equalled the all time service speed record set by Switzerland's Marc Rosset, when he sent an effort screaming over the net at 134 miles per hour (215kms per hour).
Charlton also crossed swords with FIFA over the tackle-from-behind ruling and giving players drinks during matches.
FIFA, have instructed their referees to cut out any time-wasting to ensure there is at least 60 minutes continuous play in every 90 during this tournament.
Fifteen traffickers were killed or wounded during the raid in the region of Saravan in Sistan-Baluchestan province bordering Pakistan, IRNA said.
The emperor has made no public pronouncements during his two-day Hawaii visit but in a toast he made at a dinner late Friday he said in Japanese that Hawaii was "a place where the people of many lands join hands to create prosperity."
The emperor said no words of remorse for Japanese military aggression during World War II as many had hoped having also scrapped plans to visit Pearl Harbor with the government under pressure from Japanese nationalists.
Mohammad is also demanding the release of 24 lawyers arrested in May during a rally to protest Madani's death.
Milosevic called for an extension to the one-month Bosnia truce during talks with the two mediators, the Tanjug agency said.
Heavy fighting kills 30 Somalia  NAIROBI, June 25 (AFP)  At least 30 people have been killed during heavy factional fighting in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, during the last two days, United Nations sources in Nairobi said Saturday.
The US recalled its troops, sent to Somalia in December 1992 to stop armed gangs looting food aid for the starving, after Aidid's militiamen killed 18 Americans during an abortive October 3 attempt to capture him.
He was suspended for what FIFA described as his unsportsmanlike conduct during Ireland's 2-1 defeat to Mexico.
Charlton also crossed swords with FIFA over the tackle-from-behind ruling and giving players drinks during matches.
Strunz suffered a recurrence of a thigh injury during a light work-out Saturday morning before the team left for Dallas.
(AFP)     NAIROBI: At least 30 people have been killed during heavy factional  fighting in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, during the last two days, United  Nations sources in Nairobi said.
The dissident had organised a strike at the Xian publishing house where he was chief editor and openly supported deposed Communist Party chief Zhao Ziyang during the pro-democracy demonstrations that were brutally suppressed in 1989.
With the arrival of television in most urban homes, streets are quieter than during previous World Cups when half the people in the street used to cluster around television sets belonging to their wealthier neighbors and comment on the proceedings and roar at the action.
There were some protests, especially outside the White House and in Los Angeles and San Francisco notably from Chinese-Americans who claim that Japan is trying to conceal the truth about war atrocities and Korean-Americans who are demanding full compensation for Korean women forced to become sex-slaves to Japanese troops during World War II.
An opinion poll conducted during the imperial visit found that less than one percent of Americans could name the Japanese prime minister.
Keating, meantime, is facing a growing storm here over a claim by former prime minister Bob Hawke -- whom he ousted in a party room coup -- that he described Australia as "the arse-end of the world" during a conversation in 1990.
Worse still, the Samoans, who produced their trademark ferocious tackling during Saturday's match, could have turned the hefty defeat into a slaughter, after wasting four golden try chances against the Five Nations champions.
Other opposition leaders arrested during a month of growing resistance to Abacha's regime have been detained and charged with treason.
Murtaza starts political campaign in Bhutto's province  KARACHI, June 26 (AFP)  Braving scorching heat and police tear gas, thousands of people lined railway tracks to greet Murtaza Bhutto during his maiden tour of Sindh after 16 years in self-exile.
The report was presented to the Israeli cabinet meeting during the morning, before publication.
The UN Security Council is due to consider a report in the next few days drawn up by UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi, who failed to broker a truce during a 10-day tour of the region.
Bahram Abbaszadeh was arrested Thursday accused of planning to plant a bomb in Maki mosque in Zahedan, Sistan Baluchestan province, during Friday prayers, it said, quoting intelligence ministry officials.
He made a big impression on his international debut a month ago, when he took two wickets and bowled with great fire during England's one- day series win against New Zealand.
The 24-year-old Salisbury played the last of his six Tests at Trinidad during the winter tour of the West Indies and has recently recaptured form after a patchy start to the domestic season.
Many of the massacres carried out by Hutu government troops during the conflict occurred in churches and parishes in this region where Tutsi refugees thought they would be out of harm's reach.
Earlier workers at the Al-Jumhuriya hospital said 12 dead civilians and 25 wounded had been admitted during the bombardment Sunday.
Many of the massacres carried out by Hutu government troops during the conflict occurred in churches and parishes in this region where Tutsi refugees thought they would be out of harm's reach.
ATP tries to pep up men's tennis  LONDON, June 26 (AFP)  Umpires at this year's Wimbledon championships may be asking spectators for quiet during rallies for the last time.
A rule change announced here on Sunday by the governing body of men's professional tennis, the ATP Tour, will allow "spectators to spontaneously react during a point as long as it is not intended to distract players".
The other changes, endorsed by Player and Tournament Councils, reduce the time between points from 25 to 20 seconds, allow microphones to pick up conversations between players and officials and permit spectators in the upper tiers of stadia to to move in and out during play.
Bahram Abbaszadeh was arrested Thursday and accused of planning to plant a bomb in Maki mosque in Zahedan, Sistan Baluchestan province, during Friday prayers, intelligence ministry officials quoted by the radio said.
A contact group formed by the United Nations, United States, Russia and the European Union aims to present its partition plan to the Bosnian and Serb sides by the truce expiry date of July 10, during the Naples summit of the Group of Seven industrialised nations, which Russia is also to attend.
The sum pledged by the EU during its two-day summit in Greece includes a loan of 400 million ECUs (European Currency Units) and a gift of 100 million ECUs to help shut down the plant which was the site of the world's worst civilian nuclear accident in 1986.
Joulwan was due to meet Russian Defence Minister Pavel Grachev and army chief of staff General Mikhail Kolesnikov during his three-day visit, as well as visit a unit of the 27th Russian Motorised Division.
Britain's Simon Lessing, one of the pre-race favourites, was forced to abandon after puncturing a tyre during the cycling event.
US ambassador wants normal Greek-Albanian relations  ATHENS, June 26 (AFP)  The United States wants the currently strained relations between Greece and Albania to go onto a normal footing and is prepared to help towards this end, the US ambassador to Athens said during a weekend visit to the frontier.
The northern Yemeni cabinet held a special meeting Sunday to discuss the ceasefire, Sanaa radio said, but ministers learned of the renewed fighting during the meeting.
An Arab League mission failed to halt the fighting during a visit to Yemen in May.
Parma club officials said he signed the four-year contract in New York this week, but there was supposed to be a moratorium on transfers during the World Cup.
Hospital workers said dead and wounded southern soldiers were admitted during the fighting, but no immediate casualty figures were available.
The UN Security Council is to meet in the next few days to examine a report by UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi, who failed to broker a ceasefire during a 10-day visit to the region.
10 Moslem rebels killed in Kashmir  SRINAGAR, India, June 26 (AFP)  Ten Moslem rebels were killed Sunday during a raid in the southern Kashmir town of Anantnag, where the assassination of a top Islamic cleric last week sparked general strikes, police said here.
Five Kashmiri militants, four Afghan mercenaries and a Pakistani died during a raid on a rebel hide-out, they said.
The big left-hander has had a lean summer and although he made 84 he never looked in command during his three and a quarter hours at the crease.
"My biggest fear is we might be taken for a ride and they might be buying more time and when it's all over we might not gain anything," said Dole, a Kansas Republican, during a taped C-SPAN television interview.
He scored 96 during a second wicket stand of 141 with Adam Seymour, and Worcestershire reached 242 for four.
"The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries are eager to see Yemeni brothers put an end to their destructive war," Abdallah said during a stopover in Abu Dhabi.
The Security Council is to meet in the next few days to examine a report by UN special envoy Lakhdar Brahimi, who failed to broker a ceasefire during a 10-day mission to the region.
The dead and wounded were taken to Aden's main Al-Jumhuriya hospital, which admitted a total of 14 dead civilians and 94 wounded during the day.
Hospital workers said dead and wounded southern soldiers were admitted during fighting at the Hisswa power station and Aden Radio station about 10 kilometres (six miles) from the city centre.
Unemployment is expected to fall during the next two years by more than a full percentage point to around seven percent, the university says.
"Movie and TV production was the leader in job growth during 1993, and it will probably continue to carry its share of the load in 1994," said Jack Kyser, director of Los Angeles County's Economic Development Corporation.
The leftover issues include the fate of Palestinians prisoners, the size of the Jericho enclave, the border crossings and how to spread autonomy through the West Bank, all of which defied agreement during months of talks.
He fell on his hand during the Russian match, but he had it X-rayed and there's no fracture," Svensson said Sunday.
The Irish are still smarting at being tagged the bad boys of the World Cup by FIFA after a one-game touchline ban on manager Jack Charlton following his row with a linesman and a FIFA official during the defeat by Mexico.
It is the unanimous feeling in the Irish camp that FIFA threw the book at them because of embarrassment over Charlton's fierce public campaign to ensure his players are allowed sufficient opportunities to drink water during matches being played in the severe heat and humidity.
Coach Alfio Basile said four or five of his players were "beat up" during the game, which Argentina wrapped up 2-1 after going 1-0 down in the first eight minutes.
Three Nigerians were booked during the game, but Caniggia said: "That was not enough.
Yeltsin received a warm welcome during a January 1993 visit to India.
Bhatia said Rao, who went to the United States last month, will also discuss cryogenic technology with Yeltsin during his June 29 to July 2 trip.
President Daniel arap Moi has been spearheading KANU's campaign trail in western Kenyan during the past week.
Dollar rallies weakly in Europe  LONDON, June 27 (AFP)  The dollar opened very weak in Europe on Monday but it managed to rally slightly from depths reached during trading on Asian markets.
The dollar firmed in Paris from low points reached during the night to 5.4175 French francs and 1.5802 marks.
It had earlier shown a loss of 31.9 points in response to a fall on wall Street on Friday and a further fall of the dollar in Asia during the night.
"The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries are eager to see Yemeni brothers put an end to their destructive war," Abdallah said during a stopover in Abu Dhabi.
"We feel that we will soon return to the market," Habubi told the specialist newsletter published in Cyprus during an interview in Vienna.
"We can also resort to exporting by trucks through Turkey and Jordan, as we did during the eighties.
Hence the fact that we cannot use the Iraqi-Saudi pipeline will not affect our export capacity during the initial export stage."
Habubi said Iraq would "give priority to those companies which have held negotiations with us during the embargo," after sanctions were lifted.
The brewery conversion, announced by Aden television Monday, was also aimed at pleasing conservative Gulf monarchs who have looked favourably on the south during the two-month-old civil war, the sources said.
Jeremy Hawkins, economist at the Bank of America predicts the US currency could fall to new lows during the week to 98 yen and to 56.50 against the mark.
Mint robbers net collector's coins  MOSCOW, June 27 (AFP)  Thieves broke into the government mint here during the weekend and escaped with gold and silver coins from commemorative collections valued at over 23,000 dollars, Interfax news agency said Monday.
The mint was protected by guards subordinate to the finance ministry, but the building was empty during the weekend and police said they were not sure on exqctly which day the coins were stolen.
Four former Bapindo executives testified during Tansil's trial last month that pressure from the two ministers made them issue the credit.
Eight lawyers freed, six in hospital after hunger strike  CAIRO, June 27 (AFP)  Eight Egyptian lawyers arrested during a demonstration have been freed, while six others on hunger strike have been taken to hospital, the bar association said Monday.
The two were released during the afternoon after HAMAS leaders met top police officers.
Dollar keeps falling  NEW YORK, June 27 (AFP)  The dollar kept falling against other major currencies Monday during light trading in New York.
The two discussed bilateral ties, the Lockerbie bombing case and the Yemeni conflict during Mubarak's 24-hour visit, delegation officials said.
It was not for massage but he was having his legs stretched backwards and forwards and that is not allowed during a toilet break."
Rusedki was fined 500 dollars (330 pounds) for throwing his racket in anger in his second-round doubles match with Britain's Chris Bailey against Swedes Jan Apell and Jonas Bjorkman, And Mark Knowles faced an identical fine for abusing the umpire during another men's doubles match.
General Joulwan, supreme commander of NATO forces in Europe, discussed "interaction in peacekeeping operations" between the alliance and Russia during talks with General Mikhail Kolesnikov, chief of the Russian army general staff.
The dollar's rocky road downwards to record lows  LONDON, June 27 (AFP)  Since the beginning of the year, the dollar has followed a rocky path downwards to its current record post World War II lows, registering a decline of 10 percent against the yen and the mark during the period.
The dollar, however, falls three pfennigs during the rest of the week following the US futures market which feared a return of inflationary pressures.
Turdzhanzadeh said: "Summer is the season during which the opposition can intensify its actions against the regime across the whole country."
Kinkel will also meet with Prime Minister John Major, who vetoed the nomination of Belgian Prime Minister Jean-Luc Dehaene to head the commission during the European Union summit on the Greek island of Corfou last weekend.
Coach Alfio Basile said four or five of his players were "beat up" during the game which Argentina wrapped up 2-1 after going 1-0 down in the first eight minutes.
(BOSTON) Three Nigerians were booked during the game, but Caniggia said: "That was not enough.
Germany returns art works seized during World War II  BERLIN, June 27 (AFP)  Germany Monday returned to France 27 works by master painters which had disappeared during World War II and resurfaced in the 1970s in what was then East Germany.
24,059 Swedish passports were reported missing or stolen during the period July 1993 to June 1994, a sharp increase from last year.
The record is one person who reported 12 missing passports during a short period," he said.
The brewery conversion was also aimed at pleasing conservative Gulf monarchs who have looked favourably on the south during the two-month- old civil war, the sources said.
Speaking to the House of Commons after he used Britain's blocking power during a weeekend summit of European Union leaders in Corfu, Greece, Major assailed the process followed for choosing a successor to commission president Jacques Delors as "unsatisfactory."
"Malawians have the right to know what happened to the four people," Muluzi said during Monday's ceremony.
Muluzi has said more enquiries will be launched on several other Malawians who were killed during Banda's era.
"The procedures used for this decision, before and during the Council, were not satisfactory," Major said.
The 20-centimeter (eight-inch) utensil was used to feed Maori tribesmen during a ritual in which their faces were cut.
Referring to the army of admirers who have followed his every move during the Championships, Agassi said: "I think it's great that they have been supporting me like this.
"The procedures used for this decision, before and during the Council, were not satisfactory," Major said.
Kuwait claims 94 billion dollars in Iraqi war damages: KUNA  KUWAIT CITY, June 27 (AFP)  Kuwait claimed on Monday 94 billion dollars in war damages incurred during the seven month Iraqi occupation making an official request to the UN compensation commission, the agency KUNA said.
Clinton has denied Jones' allegations that he asked for sex in a Little Rock hotel room during a state agency conference.
People have begun to be more optimistic "but a new hope for France and the French people should be defined during the presidential election," he said.
Its new box office hit, "The Lion King," brought in 42 million dollars during its opening weekend.
Fighting has flared up in the region with a British UN soldier killed Sunday during attacks on peacekeepers in the eastern enclave of Gorazde.
Climber Pantani, meanwhile, a balding 24-year-old barely known outside his native Italy, caused a sensation in the Dolomites during the Giro, taking more than five minutes off leader Berzin in just two stages and leaving Indurain, Bugno and Chiappucci puffing in his wake.
THE WILD CARDS  MARCO PANTANI The Italian 24-year-old burst onto the scene in the Giro during a spectacular two days in the Dolomite mountains, taking a huge five minutes off big names Yevgeni Berzin, Miguel Indurain, Gianni Bugno and Claudio Chiappucci.
The congenial and well-spoken son of Italian immigrants, Panetta developed a reputation as a tough negotiator, a talent which served him well during his tenure as chairman of the House of Representatives budget committee between 1989 and 1993.
"We only had three friendly games in preparation for this World Cup against not very strong teams (El Salvador, Honduras and Canada), but the expectations are that the team will build up much better during the competition."
Star striker Caniggia, who needed two pain-killing injections during the match after injuring a foot in the 57th minute, is a certain starter.
The same toe was stamped on during the game, but Caniggia said: "It is not as bad this time.
reopens (SEOUL) The proposed summit was brokered by former US president Jimmy Carter during a visit to Pyongyang earlier this month.
His appeal was repeated by imams, or prayer leaders, in Sanaa mosques during Friday prayers.
Germany hardly had a shot during the second half as the Koreans laid seige to the world champions' goal.
South Korea wants a date set for the second summit during the current talks.
Jiang also emphasised that every effort should be made to ensure that state property maintains or increases its value during the process of reforming state-run enterprises.
Michel not impressed by referees  SAN FRANCISCO, June 27 (AFP)  Cameroon's French coach Henri Michel feels referees have been unduly harsh on his side during the World Cup.
We have talked about it, everyone is aware of the problem," he said during an interview in Washington.
South Korea wants a date set for the second summit during the current talks.
The proposed summit was brokered by former US president Jimmy Carter during a visit to Pyongyang in mid-June amid US-led pressure for sanctions against North Korea's refusal of international inspections of it nuclear facilities.
They include the fate of the last 7,000 Palestinians prisoners, the size of the Jericho enclave, the border crossings and how to spread autonomy through the West Bank, all of which defied agreement during months of talks.
Observers said although the current frontlines reflect recent gains by pro-Rabbani forces, they are in fact only a return to the respective positions held by these rivals during their first major battle in August 1992.
The Peace House has been the main venue of inter-Korean talks during the 44-year-long truce that followed the 1950-1953 Korean War.
We have talked about it, everyone is aware of the problem," he said during an interview in Washington.
South Korea agreed with the North that a decision on a followup summit in Seoul, would be made during the first summit in Pyongyang, pool reports said.
They include the fate of the prisoners, the size of the Jericho enclave, the border crossings and how to spread autonomy through the West Bank, all of which defied agreement during months of negotiations.
South Korea agreed with the North that a decision on a followup summit in Seoul, would be made during the first summit in Pyongyang, pool reports said.
"The Kurils are our Russian islands," Speaker Ivan Rybkin said during a visit to Iturup, one of the islands in the contested chain.
But Grachev was cautious, warning that in Russian there were "still forces that have not tired of the confrontation with the West that prevailed during the 1970s.
Busek said he "will not participate in any of the meetings scheduled during Li's visit," because of comments made by Li that the question of human rights in China was not the business of foreigners.
The transfer of the pace-maker activities owned by Siemens to St Jude was expected to occur during the fourth quarter of the 1993-94 year before September 30.
The report however gave no details on the content of the accord, expected to be finalized during Qian's visit.
A southern officer told AFP that 1,000 shells were fired during the advance.
They also include the size of the Jericho enclave, Palestinian elections and how to spread autonomy through the West Bank, all of which defied agreement during months of negotiations.
Seven demonstrators reported injured by gunfire in Lagos  LAGOS, June 28 (AFP)  Seven women demonstrators were wounded by gunfire and hundreds of people arrested during a rally in support of opposition leader Moshood Abiola, the committee for the defence of human rights said on Tuesday.
He also stressed that the government had made a commitment during the talks to take steps towards freeing political prisoners and granting amnesty to opposition leaders.
The second meeting will be held in Seoul, and the date of that meeting will be decided by the two leaders during the first meeting (in Pyongyang).
The ban was to avert a possible "showdown" Thursday during a general strike called by fundamentalists demanding punishment for fugitive feminist writer Taslima Nasreen, accused of blaspheming Islam.
Busek said late Wednesday he would "not participate in any of the meetings scheduled during Li's visit" to contest China's position on human rights.
Britain will continue to support dollar: Clarke  LONDON, June 28 (AFP)  Britain will continue to support the dollar and cooperate with its Group of Seven partners "during times of uncertainty in financial markets," Chancellor of the Exchequer Kenneth Clarke said Tuesday.
Speaking at a news conference after the figures, Clarke said Britain would continue to support the dollar and cooperate with its Group of Seven partners "during times of uncertainty in financial markets".
SDP and coalition leaders also confirmed they would make the "utmost effort" to find a new prime minister by Wednesday, although no specific candidate was proposed during the talks, coalition sources said.
He told journalists that the ban could be extended, but he hoped that during the initial six months, the European Commission would take measures of its own.
The proposed summit was brokered by former US president Jimmy Carter during a visit to Pyongyang in mid-June, amid US-led pressure for sanctions against North Korea's refusal of international inspections of its nuclear facilities.
Kadhafi told journalists late Monday that he had agreed with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak "to transfer the two suspects to Egypt" during meetings between the two leaders in Libya.
Police said to have wounded seven women demonstrators in Lagos  LAGOS, June 28 (AFP)  Police shot and wounded seven women demonstrators in Lagos and arrested hundreds more during a series of rallies in support of jailed opposition leader Moshood Abiola, the committee for the defence of human rights said on Tuesday.
And during 1993 the company had experienced the worst recession for 10 years, he said.
The two countries agreed to set up the commission to resolve the border dispute -- seen as the biggest obstacle to peace -- during bilateral talks in Washington earlier this month, which led to the June 7 signing of a detailed agenda for further peace talks.
Around one million Cambodians died of starvation, sickness or were put to death during the radical faction's reign of terror.
(AFP)      LAGOS: Police shot and wounded seven women demonstrators in Lagos and  arrested hundreds more during a series of rallies in support of jailed  opposition leader Moshood Abiola, a human rights group said.
The 368 delegates, who are to discuss the country's return to civilian rule, Tuesday morning held a short debate during which several complained about lack of preparation for the meeting, according to several participants.
Satellite dishes mushroomed in Saudi Arabia during the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait in August 1990 which led to the Gulf war from January to February 1991, as Saudis followed the action on the American station Cable News Network (CNN).
Busek said he would "not participate in any of the meetings scheduled during Li's visit."
Several vowed to stage demonstrations during Li's visit.
Qichen told a news conference that the date of the visit was set during talks with his Russian counterpart Andrei Kozyrev and President Boris Yeltsin.
The Hmongs were recruited by the United States for special operations against communist insurgents during the Vietnam War, and continued their fight as guerrillas operating from Thai soil after the communists came to power in Vientiane in 1975.
Holderbank said that it was offering 35 percent more than the last quoted price of the shares and 42 percent more than the average price during the last 12 months.
The agreement was brokered by former US president Jimmy Carter during a visit to Pyongyang in mid-June, amid US-led pressure for sanctions prompted by North Korea's refusal to meet UN demands to allow inspections of its nuclear facilities.
He had been dropped on several occasions by Cruyff during the season.
 reopens (LONDON) He was fined 1,000 dollars (660 pounds sterling) on Monday for illegally receiving physiotherapy treatment as he took a toilet break during a tough third-round match against Javier Frana of Argentina.
It said: " Adoption should not be considered unless a reasonable time (normally at least two years) has passed during which all feasible steps to trace the parents or other surviving family members have been taken."
Paul Barril, one-time commander of France's elite GIGN unit, refused to confirm during an appearance on French television that he had the missing black box from a French-built Falcon 50 which crashed outside the Rwandan capital Kigali on April 6, killing Rwandan President Juvenal Habyarimana and Burundian President Cyprien Ntaryamira.
On Monday, Dassault Falcon Service said it had never seen a black box during annual services of the Falcon 50, but that the late president could have added one himself.
Most of the arrests were made during the night.
The by-election was the result a successful petition to the Kenyan high court against the election of another opposition candidate, Macharia Muraya of FORD-Asili, during the 1992 first multi-party poll in Kenya in 26 years.
Clinton to visit Germany July 10-12  BONN, June 28 (AFP)  US President Bill Clinton will have stopovers in Bonn and Berlin during his first official visit to Germany next month, officials said here Tuesday.
The Yorkshire slow left-arm spinner, 26, was found guilty of using crude and abusive language to Somerset batsman Mark Lathwell during the county championship match at Bradford on June 13.
The opera's budget also increased, from 2 million to 11.5 million dollars, during his tenure.
Good US economic figures announced during the day did not help the dollar, and actually they caused a new decline of the bond market, which has been destabilized by the fear of inflation and a rise in interest rates Sterling firmed a bit against the mark after having reached its lowest point since mid-October.
He recalled that during the Gulf War unleashed by the invasion, National Alliance chief Gianfranco Fini "found a way to pay (Iraqi leader) Saddam Hussein a visit."
Caldera, 78, who first served as president during better economic times from 1969-1974, returned to govern February 2 with the economy in relatively sorry shape.
Twenty four hours earlier, the 26-year-old German, the youngest-ever champion when he took the title as a 17-year-old back in 1985, was fined 1,000 dollars (660 pounds sterling) for illegally receiving physiotherapy treatment when he took a toilet break during a tough third-round match against Javier Frana of Argentina.
An Argentine photographer working for the US news agency Associated Press was shot and wounded in the city during Tuesday's clashes.
Dutch show up Malaysia  AMERSTDAM, June 28 (AFP)  The Netherlands exposed Malaysia's limitations here on Tuesday during a 7-0 thrashing in the Seven Nations Trophy hockey tournament.
He was also found guilty of attacking a girlfriend who stood as witness during the trial, which opened April 20.
"At no time during the meeting we had on Monday night did Stefan show any sign of being sorry," added Vogts.
Two years ago he had a showdown with Lothar Matthaus, the German captain in the US, during a tour of South America.
They dominated the first half and the final ten minutes, during which they could have scored three times.
Three-times champion Boris Becker, under fire after being fined for off-court treatment during a third-round match and then accused of deliberately trying to put off an opponent with delaying tactics, opens the number-one court programme against Sweden's Christian Bergstrom.
The money was paid out because they died during their voluntary service, the military said.
Caldera, 78, who first served as president during better economic times from 1969-1974, returned to govern February 2 with the economy in relatively sorry shape.
Brown, who did not speak with the media during his short stop in the Brazilian capital, stressed in stops in Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paolo that the United States wanted to make Latin America a top trade priority.
Speaking to members of the General Council of the Judicial Power, which oversees Spain's courts, Belloch said abortions should be more freely available during the first twelve weeks of pregnancy.
Downing Street refused to be drawn on whether or not it believed there was a connection, but said Germany's actions would be raised during Thursday's visit to London by Klaus Kinkel, the German foreign minister.
Parreira hauled off midfielder Mauro Silva during the interval, strengthening the defence with Mazinho and pushing Leonardo more forward in attack.
URGENT  VIENNA, June 29 (AFP)  Writer Jack Unterweger, who was jailed for life on Tuesday for the murder of nine prostitutes was found dead in his cell during the night, the Austrian justice ministry said Wednesday.
He thanked the media for their support during his ordeal, adding that a video tape the kidnappers sent them last week was cut off after he began criticizing the methods of his captors.
Writer-killer found hanged in prison cell  VIENNA, June 29 (AFP)  Writer Jack Unterweger, who was jailed for life on Tuesday for the murder of nine prostitutes hanged himself in his prison cell during the night, the Austrian justice ministry said Wednesday.
He was also found guilty of attacking a girlfriend, who gave evidence for the prosecution during the trial, which opened on April 20.
His mission came after President Ali Abdallah Saleh complained to his Egyptian counterpart Hosni Mubarak during a telephone conversation Tuesday about southern efforts to internationalize the war.
"The federal government will during our presidency accord particular importance to a close and trustful cooperation between council, commission and parliament," he said.
The 73-year-old premier, who holds the defence portfolio, will also discuss cryogenic rocket engine technology with President Boris Yeltsin during the second meeting between the two leaders in 17 months, they said.
Miller received 128 stitches during plastic surgery to repair the ear, which was virtually severed from his head, the newspaper said.
Having suffered military setbacks and the loss of some territories, Baku has on several occasions asked for Iranian help to win the war, notably during a trip to Azerbaijan by Rafsanjani last October.
Unterweger attempted suicide several times during his remand in custody but appeared calm when the jury gave its verdict after nine hours of deliberation at the end of a 10-week trial.
A talented writer according to his admirers, a sadistic monster in the view of his detractors, Unterweger was born from an affair between an Austrian prostitute and an American GI during the country's occupation by Allied forces.
It's that close," Liberal Party deputy leader Selina Chow told AFP during a break in the proceedings.
It comes after 24 Taiwanese tourists were robbed and killed during a pleasure boat fire on Qiandao Lake in eastern China on March 31.
DASA sheds 10,300 jobs  BREMEN, Germany, June 29 (AFP)  The German aerospace group DASA is to shed 10,300 jobs by the end of 1996 under an agreement reached with employees during Tuesday night, the company said on Wednesday.
Four killed in rebel attack on military installation  PORT-AU-PRINCE, June 28 (AFP)  Two rebels and a civilian were killed during an attack last week on a military outpost 200 kilometers (125 miles) south of here, military sources told Radio Metropole.
One rebel was killed and one soldier was inujured during the attack.
He failed to convert the Mongols, though he was allowed to give communion or to baptise the children of Christian slaves captured during Mongol raids in Europe and Asia Minora.
URGENT  ALGIERS, 29 juin (AFP)  Some 15 demonstrators were injured here Wednesday when bombs exploded during a protest marking the second anniverary of the assassination of president Mohamed Boudiaf, an AFP correspondent reported.
Arafat last set foot in the West Bank and Gaza Strip during a clandestine trip shortly after Israel captured those territories in the 1967 Arab-Israeli war.
"The federal government will during our presidency accord particular importance to a close and trustful cooperation between council, commission and parliament," he said.
Crowe was unable to bat during the tourists' last match against Derbyshire and he has also not been able to take a full part in the pre-Test practice sessions.
15 injured in bomb attack on Algiers demonstration  ALGIERS, 29 June (AFP)  Bomb blasts injured around 15 demonstrators Wednesday during a protest marking the second anniverary of the assassination of president Mohamed Boudiaf, an AFP correspondent reported.
After wading through mud puddles in a howling, icy wind, Mandela said he and his entourage of cabinet ministers had seen much suffering during their tour of the squatter camps and that his government would seek a long term solution "to end the hardships such as what occurred this week."
Arafat last set foot in the West Bank and Gaza Strip during a clandestine trip shortly after Israel captured those territories in the 1967 Arab-Israeli war.
The central region served as Dhlakama's guerrilla stronghold during the war and he hopes it will now become his political base.
The Finn had a bad crash at Silverstone during January testing, and returned Le Grand Prix de France, septieme epreuve du Championnat du monde de Formule Un, dimanche sur le circuit de Nevers/Magny-Cours, marquera un anniversaire po111ur Jean Alesi (Ferrari).
(BRUSSELS) In Paris, foreign ministry spokesman Richard Duque confirmed that a "precise map" had been agreed during Tuesday's Paris meeting of the contact group, and "will be presented at the appropriate moment to the parties" in conflict.
Arafat last set foot in the West Bank and Gaza Strip during a  clandestine trip shortly after Israel captured those territories in the 1967  Arab-Israeli war.
(AFP)     NYARUSHISHI, Rwanda: French troops in Rwanda will not become a "buffer  force" between the warring Rwandan government and rebel forces, French Defence  Minister Francois Leotard said during a visit to a refugee camp 15 kilometres  (10 miles) inside western Rwanda.
Arafat last set foot in the West Bank and Gaza Strip during a clandestine trip shortly after Israel captured those territories in the 1967 Arab-Israeli war.
Chinese Ambassador Wang Yanyi warned Austrians not to demonstrate, in an interview with the national news agency APA, and recalled that Vranitzky "was well treated in China" during an official visit in April 1993.
Several vowed to stage demonstrations during Li's visit.
Becker beat Christian Bergstrom 7-6 (7/5), 6-4, 6-3 in 2hrs 13mins, but he clearly upset the Swede on the final point of the first-set tie-break by raising his hand during a rally.
Becker had already come under fire on Tuesday when he was fined 1,000 dollars (600 pounds) for receiving medical treatment during a supposed toilet break from a tough third-round match against Javier Frana of Argentina.
The Finn had a bad crash at Silverstone during January testing, and returned for San Marino -- only to be shunted from behind on the starting grid by Pedro Lamy's Lotus.
The two countries were expected to sign a series of agreements during Rao's stay, including accords on space research and military-technical assistance and bilateral trade.
Khalida Messaoudi, 39, the president of the Independent Association for the Triumph of the Rights of Women, was among the victims after one or possibly two bombs exploded during a demonstration here, her family said.
The official noted the possibility of the two countries reaching a trade agreement was "delicate," even during the administration of former prime minister Tsutomu Hata.
Settlers to protest non-stop during Arafat's trip  JERUSALEM, June 29 (AFP)  Jewish settlers announced Wednesday they would hold non-stop demonstrations during the three-day visit by PLO chairman Yasser Arafat to the self-rule areas from Friday.
"If this big assassin is authorized to come to Temple Mount (in Jerusalem) we will gather near the Wailing Wall in the Old City during the whole sabbath to block him."
The two countries were expected to sign a series of agreements during Rao's stay, including accords on space research and military-technical assistance and bilateral trade.
"We believe a stronger dollar is better for our economy and better for the world's economy," he said during a speech in New York.
They did not have confidence in me, even here during the World Cup."
"Mutisunge was as well dead by now if it was during the era of Kamuzu," the clerk said.
Arafat last set foot in the West Bank and Gaza Strip during a clandestine trip shortly after Israel captured those territories in the 1967 Arab-Israeli war.
Chinese Ambassador Wang Yanyi warned Austrians not to demonstrate and said Vranitzky was well treated in China during a visit in April 1993.
Shaath said he would probably also visit the autonomous enclave of Jericho on the West Bank, during a three or four day trip.
Opposition leader escapes bomb attack, 51 injured by Hassen Zenati  ALGIERS, June 29 (AFP)  Two bombs exploded during a demonstration in Algiers Wednesday, injuring 64 people, security forces said.
Following their concerted intervention last Friday, central banks were not in evidence on Wednesday, though the Bank of Japan intervened again during the Asian night.
The three-times champion, who scored a 7-6 (7/5), 6-4, 6-3 victory over Christian Bergstrom, upset his Swedish opponent by raising his hand during an important rally on set point for the first set.
Becker came under fire on Tuesday when he was fined 1,000 dollars (600 pounds) for receiving medical treatment during an alleged toilet break from a tough third round match against Javier Frana of Argentina.
"Mutisunge was as well dead by now if it was during the era of Kamuzu," the clerk said.
ABC, CBS, NBC, and Fox chose the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA) Center for Communication Policy to monitor violence during the 1994-95 and 1995-96 broadcast seasons because it proposed to use a qualitative approach, CBS Senior Vice President Martin Franks said at a news conference.
Two militants and two civilians died in separate incidents, while 53 suspected Moslem guerrillas have been detained by troops during the past 24 hours in Kashmir, India's only Moslem-majority state, PTI said.
Pakistan played an active role in Afghanistan during the 12-year occupation of the country by the Soviet Army, and is now urging an end to the internecine fighting between rival mujahedeen groups.
The seven-member delegation, led by the commander of China's Shandong military region, held meetings with senior members of Burma's military regime, including its leader, General Than Shwe, during the visit, the radio said in a broadcast monitored here.
Barkley's choice means enduring another season of pain brought on by years of bumps, bounces and physical play under the basket.
"Up until the Olympics, I had never touched a basketball during the summer," Barkley said.
"I don't believe in working out during the summer.
Koken Nosaka, head of the SDP parliamentary steering committe, was quoted by Jiji Press as saying the three party leaders agreed to reconvene parliament during the summer recess if necessary to finalise political reform bills.
Murayama, Kono and Takemura also agreed during their meeting to complete tax reforms begun by the previous two coalition governments by the end of the year, the Japan Broadcasting Corp.
Bosnian Serb military officials cited here by the BETA news agency said large numbers of reinforcements had arrived during the day to push back attacks by the forces of the Croat-Moslem federation northwest of Mount Ozren.
Federation troops were forced to retreat from a number of positions they had won during an offensive lasting more than 15 days, the agency said.
French troops are "already saving many people" from ethnic slaughter inside Rwanda, but the scale of the problem was "so immense that we need other countries, African and European," Leotard said during an inspection of the French force.
Gallucci said the United States will also call on North Korea during talks that begin July 8 in Geneva to stop building graphite nuclear reactors and exporting ballistic missiles and to account for the plutonium it separated in 1989.
Fuel rods removed from its nuclear reactor and placed in pools could deteriorate, forcing the North Koreans to choose between reprocessing them, during which plutonium could be removed, or to find another way to store them.
But a southern official said the warplane was one of the three shot down during the raid on the refinery.
Stoichkov has been protected during training, usually working out lightly by himself instead of taking part in the normal strenuous session.
Thursday's 32-24 passage of Patten's electoral reform bill, during a marathon debate that stretched 18 hours, came three years and a day before Hong Kong's return to China.
Self-restraining Germany takes over EU presidency by Graham Brown  BRUSSELS, June 30 (AFP)  Self-restraint is shaping up as the dominant theme during Germany's six-month spell as president of the 12-nation European Union that starts on Friday.
But diplomats here say Bonn is unwilling to use its muscle, given Europe's long memories of previous German attempts at European hegemony that led to two world wars during the first half of the 20th century.
But a member of the Palestinian Authority told AFP the PLO leader would stay at the hotel during his three-day visit.
Arafat also had close brushes with death in an Israeli air raid on his Tunis headquarters in 1985 as well as in a plane crash during a sandstorm in the Libyan desert in 1992.
(AFP)     ALGIERS: Two bombs exploded during a demonstration in Algiers, injuring 64  people, security forces said.
The debt burden was not mentioned in the communique but was frequently raised during the summit, the subject of "frank" and "lively" discussions, African diplomats said.
Germany expelled Stefan Effenberg on Tuesday for an obscene gesture to fans during the defending champions' match with South Korea on Monday.
But Police Minister Moshe Shahal said 8,000 Israeli policemen would be deployed across the country during what is expected to be a three-day visit by Arafat.
Sinatra, who collapsed onstage during a recent US concert, slept away the morning as his son faced the press ahead of his two remaining dates which end Friday.
The Israeli-Palestinian coordinating committee was set to meet during the day at the Erez crossing into the Gaza Strip to coordinate the visit, military officials said.
The unit, called Naamat in Hebrew, receives about 5,000 calls a year from battered wives, but daily calls have dropped to 15 during the soccer festival.
The number of calls tends to increase during Jewish holidays, she said.
If the vessel is seized by Norwegian authorities during the operation, according to Watsons, Ursfjord could face a prison sentence.
Whales Forever has been attacked during previous operations, not only by whaling vessels but by the Norwegian maritime police as well.
Rao, on his first visit to Russia as Indian premier, arrived here Wednesday for four days of meetings with government officials during which he was to sign several trade and political agreements.
Rao, on his first visit to Russia as Indian premier, arrived here Wednesday for four days of meetings with government officials during which he was to sign several trade and political agreements.
His only concern is the fitness of lock Olivier Roumat, who left the field with a bruised thigh during Wednesday's shock 25-30 loss here to second division Hawkes Bay.
(picture) At least 150 hurt in communal clashes by Nadeem Qadir  DHAKA, June 30 (AFP)  Around 150 people were injured Thursday in and around the Bangladesh capital in new clashes between Islamic fundamentalists and secular rivals during a nationwide strike.
Other groups -- backed by the main opposition Awami League (AL) -- called a counter strike to protest against rising fundamentalism and for the trial of fundamentalists for crimes allegedly committed during the independence war.
Ruble rallies to 1,989 to the dollar  MOSCOW, June 30 (AFP)  The ruble rallied by three points to 1,989 to the dollar on Thursday during trading on the Moscow interbank currency exchange.
Meanwhile, the ruble strengthened on the money market and was quoted at 1,989 on the Moscow interbank currency exchange from 1,992 fixed during Wednesday's trading session.
Shares are hesitant in London  LONDON, June 30 (AFP)  Share prices, which had risen during the last three sessions, were hesitant here early on Thursday before the publication of US statistics later in the day, dealers said.
Three killed in water queue as north advances on Aden by Maher Chmaytelli  ADEN, Yemen, June 30 (AFP)  Northern forces battled their way to within two kilometres (a mile) of the besieged city of Aden Thursday, as three civilians were killed and eight wounded queuing for water during the night.
Hospital officials said the three civilians were killed as they queued during the night at one of the city's wells in the western suburb of Mansura.
Last year bilateral trade was over 11 billion schillings (916 million dollars.) Li had a meeting Thursday morning with Austrian President Thomas Klestil during which he accepted an invitation from Chinese President Jiang Zemin to visit China.
The Israeli-Palestinian coordinating committee was set to meet during the day at the Erez crossing into the Gaza Strip to coordinate the visit, military officials said.
Dutch-born Verwoerd, who survived an assassination attempt in 1960, was prime minister of South Africa from 1958 until his death during which time he constitutionally entrenched apartheid.
The dollar rallied against the mark to 1.5945 marks from 1.5840 and seemed set to rise above 1.60 marks during the day, an analyst at the Industrial Bank of Japan, Eric Fishwick, said.
Dealers were inclined to cover their positions in dollars to protect themselves against any surprises during a three-day weekend in the United States which would cover a holiday for Independence Day on Monday July 4.
Aliyev made his plea during a meeting here with his Iranian counterpart Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani.
Settlers put 30,000 dollar price on Arafat's head  JERUSALEM, June 30 (AFP)  Jewish settlers on Thursday put up a 30,000 dollar reward for the capture of PLO chairman Yasser Arafat, dead or alive, during his three-day visit to Gaza.
Settlers announced they would hold non-stop demonstrations during Arafat's visit to the autonomous Gaza Strip expected to take place on Saturday.
The clash left at least eight officers injured, and more than ten protesters were hurt, with some bleeding from their heads during the clash, witnesses said.
Last year bilateral trade was over 11 billion schillings (916 million dollars.) Li, who arrived here Wednesday, had a meeting early Thursday with Austrian President Thomas Klestil during which he accepted an invitation from Chinese President Jiang Zemin to visit China.
Romania does not make chemical weapons  BUCHAREST, June 30 (AFP)  The Romanian defence minister said Thursday his country neither makes nor possesses any chemical weapons, indirectly answering queries raised during a visit to the United States.
The retail trade had felt the effects of recession later than had other sectors and would recover later "doubtlessly during the next few months", he said.
He also expected sales and profits of the computer-equipment subsidiary Vobis Microcomputer AG, which had opened 11 shops during the first half of the year, to improve during the whole of the year.
Perry said that during that same war computerized global positioning systems that allowed soldiers to pinpoint their position at all times cost the taxpayer 34,000 dollars for each seven-kilo (15-pound) unit which took 18 months to deliver.
Freight shuttles, from coast to coast, were being put into service, and a request for an operating certificate for shuttle passenger-car services would be lodged during the second half of July.
Dutch-born Verwoerd, who survived another assassination attempt in 1960, was prime minister of South Africa from 1958 until his death, during which time he constitutionally entrenched the now defunct system of apartheid.
London, Paris stocks down 0.8 percent at noon-hour  LONDON, June 30 (AFP)  London and Paris stocks suffered a marked fall during the first part of the Thursday trading session, as London's Footsie index was off 24.1 points or 0.8 percent in early afternoon to stand at 2,922.2 as trading continued.
"The regime is going to be very repressive if this law is adopted," the controversial minister said, adding that the move would lead to "a witch-hunt" ten times worse than the anti-communist clampdown during the McCarthy era in the United States.
The Israeli planes fired five air-to-surface missiles at Hezbollah bases in the Iqlim al-Tuffah heights during two raids, Lebanese police said.
One killed in strike shooting  DHAKA, June 30 (AFP)  An Islamic fundamentalist was killed and 160 people were injured Thursday in clashes between fundamentalists and secular rivals during a nationwide general strike in Bangladesh, police and witnesses said.
- June 1983: Expelled during a visit to Syria, marking a break with his former ally.
However, the company had emerged from a loss-making performnance during the first half of 1994 and would show an operating profit for the whole of the year.
Growth during the next few years was likely to be "timid", he said.
Although the controversy over the straits was not on the BSEC agenda, it was raised by Popoullias and Russian delegates during the meeting.
The districts concerned include Maringue, where the opposition Mozambique National Resistance had its headquarters during Mozambique's 17-year civil war.
UN sources say the police are simply too frightened to enter RENAMO's wartime strongholds, but RENAMO leaders allege that they are deliberately delaying registration to put the opposition at a disadvantage during the elections.
Although the controversy over the straits was not on the BSEC agenda, it was raised by Papoulias and Russian delegates during the meeting.
Other opposition leaders arrested during a month of growing resistance to Abacha's regime have been detained in Lagos and charged with treason in the federal high court.
An interior ministry delegation returned from a visit to Switzerland last week during which the two sides concluded a cooperation agreement that will be signed by the head of Swiss police, Arnold Coller, during his scheduled visit to Russia this fall.
(pictures) One killed in shooting, 160 injured in Bangladesh strike  DHAKA, June 30 (AFP)  One activist was killed and 160 were injured Thursday in clashes between Islamic fundamentalists and secular rivals during a nationwide general strike in Bangladesh, police and witnesses said.
Police in eastern Kishoreganj district said a 16-year-old boy, possibly a pro-fundamentalist activist, was killed and five persons were injured in a gun battle with police during the stoppage.
Across Bangladesh, some 155 people were injured in clashes between the rival groups, as well as with police, during the stoppage, the first called by fundamentalist groups on religious grounds since this South Asian nation's independence in 1971.
A heavy downpour lashed the western state of Gujarat, where 63 people have died in flood-related accidents and house collapses during the past few weeks, the news agency said.
For in spite of "a steady deceleration in projected output growth to about 2.5 percent during the second half of 1995, the unemployment rate may continue to fall to around 5.75 percent by end-1995."
109 Burmese guerrillas surrender to Rangoon authorities  BANGKOK, June 30 (AFP)  A total of 109 anti-Rangoon insurgents surrendered to Burmese government officials during May, state-run Radio Rangoon reported Thursday.
The new council will have broad powers to regulate the banking system and to direct the flow of currency and bank deposits to ensure it has funds to keep the banking system running during the financial emergency, according to a presidential decree.
Caldera, 78, who first served as president during better economic times from 1969-1974, returned to govern February 2 to find the economy in sorry shape with Venezuelans growing impatient with failed efforts to correct it.
Known as Leningrad under the communists, the city does not have the money it needs to restore many of the 18th- and 19th-century treasures, Manevich told the city council during a meeting on Saint Petersburg's existing privatisation programme.
He said extremists could try to storm ministry buildings on Sunday during the weekly cabinet meeting and launch violent protests in east Jerusalem, home to 150,000 Palestinians.
The report released Thursday winds down the Washington phase of the investigation during which Fiske interviewed the president and Hillary Clinton and summoned a dozen top aides before a grand jury.
Riina, jailed since early 1993, received three life sentences during a mass mafia trial in 1987 for murders committed between 1980 and 1990.
Agnelli sees Fiat profitable this year, after big 1993 losses  TURIN, Italy, June 30 (AFP)  Italy's big Fiat Group, socked by heavy losses last year, expects to return to profitability this year, Fiat chairman Giovanni Agnelli told correspondents during a stockholders' annual meeting in Turin on Thursday.
The previous record low was set during the night on the Asian market at 98.50 yen to the dollar.
During the day Thursday, the dollar got up to almost 1.60 marks thanks to covering purhases by operators wanting to be prepared during the impending US three-day weekend for Independence Day.
Trade in invisibles was 158 million dollars in the red, while transfers were 29 million dollars in the black during the January-May period.
Punched a photographer during the three-million dollar reception.
General Abdel Razek Yehya, Palestinian member of the joint liaison committee on security, met his Israeli counterpart General Yom Tov Samia, who offered the use of Israeli army communications equipment to ease contacts during Arafat's visit, the sources said.
In Tunis a Palestine Liberation Organisation spokesman said Arafat would chair a meeting of the Palestinian Authority during his visit.
The defense will attempt to undercut the state's evidence during the hearing.
Simpson looked alert, yet subdued, during the proceeding.
Airbus crashes on test flight takeoff, as many as seven killed  TOULOUSE, France, June 30 (AFP)  An Airbus A330 crashed on takeoff during a test flight here Thursday, killing as many as seven people, officials said.
The dollar had fallen to an all-time low of 98.40 against the yen during the morning session, and traders were expecting US Trade Representative Mickey Kantor to announce retaliatory measures against Japan to pressure Tokyo to open its markets, a Credit Lyonnais analyst said.
Ex-POWs to sue Japan for compensation: report  TOKYO, June 30 (AFP)  Ten former prisoners of war detained by the Japanese during World War II will sue Japan for compensation, a news report said Thursday.
The 10 -- from Australia, Britain, New Zealand and the United States -- will seek 22,000 dollars each in compensation from the Japanese government for their suffering during the war, the Kyodo News Service, quoting the group's lawyers, said.
Robin Smith survived Nash's hat-trick ball but seldom looked comfortable during an hour of crease occupation.
But before the 1-1 World Cup draw in Palermo four years ago, they had only met once during Charlton's eight-year reign -- a 1-0 defeat for the Republic in the 1988 European Championships in Germany.
The 51-year-old entrepreneur told France 2 that police had "forced" the door of his plush mansion in Rue des Saint-Peres, Paris, and used their car "as a battering ram" during the dawn raid.
He said extremists could try to storm ministry buildings on Sunday during the weekly cabinet meeting and launch violent protests in East Jerusalem, home to 150,000 Palestinians.
Earlier a Palestine Liberation Organisation spokesman said Arafat would chair a meeting of the Palestinian Authority during his visit.
   Argentina Rally standings     CORDOBA, Argentina, June 30 (AFP) - Standings during Thursday's first day  of the Rally of Argentina here (after seven of the day's 11 special stages):     Standings     1.
Harding pleaded guilty to conspiracy in the January 6 attack in which Kerrigan was clubbed on the knee during a training session ahead of the US championships.
Simpson looked alert, yet subdued, during the proceeding.
Plan to assassinate president foiled  GUATEMALA CITY, June 30 (AFP)  Security forces foiled an attempt Thursday to assassinate President Ramiro Leon de Carpio during a military parade, police said.
Daradangwe added that the assailants belong to gangs that were operating in various neighborhoods of the Burundian capital Bujumbura, especially the Kamenge district, and who were disarmed during a military crackdown several weeks ago.
"Turkey is given favorable treatment while it violates the Council of Europe's basic norms of democracy," the Cypriot deputy Alexis Galanos told the assembly during a debate on the issue.
They said foreign ministers from the contact group, made up of Russia, the United States, the European Union and the United Nations, would evaluate reaction to their plan during the Group of Seven summit of leading industrialized nations in Naples on July 8-10.
"Most of our patients were hit by missiles or shrapnel during air raids in the Aden area," said doctor Ibrahim El-Robai, director of the national military medical services.
Galbraith made the comment during a visit of several days to the eastern town of Osijek, part of which has been under Serb control since the Yugoslav war erupted in 1991.
Five young men were charged in that case for allegedly raping and killing two women during sorcery sessions near Athens.
They even doubt he will come to visit them during his brief stay on the Gaza Strip.
reopens (PANMUNJOM) The South Korean side proposed to eliminate the use of national symbols -- flags and anthems -- during the summit in view of the special circumstances of the divided peninsula seeking peaceful reunification, the South's national news agency Yonhap reported.
All have alleged they were tortured during investigations into the killing to force them to confess.
Marsinah's murder was raised during a visit to Surabaya by a four- member team from the US Trade Representative Office last year.
