"But we have to wait for a couple of weeks, before we can relax," Dai warned, pointing to isolated cases of gastroenteritis, hepatitis, dysentery, epidemic encephalitis and cholera in Guangdong and Guangxi provinces.
I was worried before the game because they were relaxed and there was no tension."
It looked to be only a matter of time before they equalised, a richly deserved first World Cup goal after 4-0 humiliations at the hands of Argentina and Bulgaria.
All four BHP divisions -- steel, minerals, petroleum and service companies -- reported improved profits before abnormals as the group's operating revenue climbed 2.4 percent to 17.084 billion dollars.
Lower global interest rates also sliced the group's interest expense by 17 percent to 462.0 million dollars in 1993-94 from 556.5 million dollars the year before, the company said.
The group's steel division lifted profits before abnormals by 121.5 percent to 537 million dollars.
Earnings per share totalled 96 cents before abnormals in 1993-94 from 93 cents the year before.
Belgium looked poised to carry off their group after 1-0 wins over Morocco and Holland, before they surprisingly went down by the same margin to Saudi Arabia, relegating them from first to third on goal difference.
Germany fell behind early to Spain before scraping a 1-1 draw and then took a 3-0 lead at half time before just staving off South Korea in the Texas heat earlier this week.
The US-sponsored resolution extends UNMIH's mandate to July 31 and calls on the UN Secretary General, Boutros Boutros-Ghali, to report back to the council before July 15, "with specific recommendations on the strength, composition, cost and duration of UNMIH, appropriate to its expansion and deployment after the departure of the senior Haitian military leadership."
(LOS ANGELES) Belgium's give-nothing-away approach won two matches before Saeed Owairan scored a Maradona-type goal to put Saudi Arabia into a second round match with Sweden.
Bulgaria had never won a finals match before and never beaten Argentina before.
Groups of settlers burnt tyres, strewed nails and tried to throw wet concrete over the road, causing traffic hold-ups before police managed to clear the road.
He left Tunis early Friday for Cairo, where he is to hold talks with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak, before heading to Rafah.
They were the favourites before the World Cup began and they still are.
The attack came only hours before PLO chairman Yasser Arafat was due to make a historic visit to the Gaza Strip.
The Palestinian knifeman broke into a house in the northern Netafim settlement and stabbed a settler, in his 30s, and his wife before fleeing the scene, the military sources said.
Dollar closes at 98.78 yen in Tokyo  TOKYO, July 1 (AFP)  The dollar hit a new all-time low of 97.68 yen before closing at 98.78 yen, down 0.17 yen on Friday from the previous day's close here of 98.95 yen, despite reported Bank of Japan's intervention, dealers said.
Groups of settlers burnt tyres, strewed nails and tried to throw wet concrete over the road, causing traffic hold-ups before police managed to clear the road at some points.
He left Tunis early Friday for Cairo, where he is to hold talks with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak, before heading to Rafah.
The owner said Simpson had it sharpened before he left the shop.
He would pass through Rafah, Khan Yunes, Deir al Balah and Nusseirat, where reception committees await before he reaches Gaza City.
Some brought chairs, others climbed on rooftoops hours before the estimated arrival time.
Arafat was due to meet Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak Friday, before heading to Gaza.
Despite reported intervention by the Bank of Japan Friday, the yen kept renewing record highs against the dollar, which hit a new post- war low of 97.68 yen in the afternoon before closing at 98.78 yen.
Herzog, 60, took the oath before government ministers and deputies in the Reichstag building in Berlin, after an outgoing speech from Weizsaecker, 74, who had been president since 1984.
"We would like to make efforts to get understanding of Asian countries," before making such a bid.
The contact group had hoped to reach a global peace accord before the Group of Seven summit in Naples, Italy on July 10.
                    Arafat-return,                     700 words around 1145 GMT                     by Mona Salem     CAIRO:          An emotional PLO leader Yasser Arafat shares                     his last thoughts before his return to                     Palestine after a 27-year exile.
It had fallen on Thursday to 3.4370 which was well above its former European monetary system band before the arrangements were relaxed on August 2.
In Paris, the dollar was higher in what dealers said was technical trading before the long weekend and the G7 summit, dealers said.
Twenty-four members of the US Congress wrote to Lord before the visit asking him to raise human rights and several specific cases during his talks with Vietnamese Foreign Minister Nguyen Manh Cam.
"It is a very important day for me to return to Palestine," Arafat said with tears in his eyes shortly before boarding a plane for the Sinai where a motorcade would take him to Gaza for his first visit in 27 years.
Colonel H, in charge of the Israeli side, met briefly with Palestinian police chief general Nasser Yussef on Friday after a liaison committee ironed out arrangements the day before.
Arafat was to pass through Rafah, Khan Yunes, Deir al Balah and Nusseirat, where reception committees were waiting before he reached Gaza City.
"Some quick measures are called for before the summit but we don't have any at the moment," the new finance minister reportedly said.
The 60-year-old former chairman of the constitutional court, who succeeds Richard von Weizsaecker, was sworn-in for a five-year term before a joint session of the upper and lower houses of parliament in the Berlin Reichstag building.
The comment appeared here to revise a remark Herzog made shortly before being elected in May, to the effect that those who chose not to take German citizenship should be expected eventually to leave the country again.
The discoveries could shatter Hungarian claims to have been in Transylvania before the arrival of Magyar tribes, who are known to have moved into the region in the ninth century.
Yen surge continues almost unabated before G7 summit  TOKYO, July 1 (AFP)  The yen ended another record-shattering week on Friday and there were signs that the Bundesbank had joined the Bank of Japan in supporting the dollar against the Japanese currency.
In heavy trading in Tokyo on Friday, the dollar hit yet another post- war low point of 97.68 yen before rebounding sharply to close at 98.78 yen.
But dealers in Tokyo said that the late recovery of the dollar partly reflected short-covering before a holiday in the United States on Monday and the summit of the Group of Seven (G7) industrialised countries in Naples at the end of next week.
"Some quick measures are called for before the summit but we don't have any at the moment," the new finance minister reportedly said.
Meanwhile, just before celebrating the second anniversary of the Sarajevo airlift operation, the UN High Commissioner for Refugees said from its Swiss headquarters that it might have to end its humanitarian operations in former Yugoslavia because it was short of money.
Martinez, who has won Hilton Head as well as the Italian Open so far this year, has never been in a Grand Slam tournament singles final before.
- 1969: Weapons from the Soviet Union, the eastern bloc, China and Vietnam flow to the PLO, which builds up its strength in Jordan before expanding into Lebanon.
Craig White faced just nine balls before being caught at third slip off Michael Owens, without adding to his overnight score of 42.
Lukashenko, who claims to have escaped a first attempt on his life before the first round of the election on June 23, said Tuesday he had been attacked the evening before by police when he tried to enter the government building in Minsk.
- October 1991: Palestinian delegation attends Madrid peace conference before heading for first Arab-Israeli negotiations in Washington.
The animals must also have been vaccinated against rabies over six months before travelling, and posses health and vaccination certificates.
Arafat calls for Palestinian unity  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 1 (AFP)  PLO chairman Yasser Arafat urged Palestinians to unite in his first speech Friday before thousands of cheering men, women and children in the heart of the capital of the Gaza Strip.
After a warning light showed a fault in the right engine of the Japanese-made YS-11, the pilot shut it down before landing shortly after 4:00 p.m. (0700 GMT).
Platinum floated around 400 dollars per ounce during the week, before climbing on Friday in the wake of its sister-metal palladium, which lifted on a shortage in supply.
Picture                      by Uncas Fernandez     LOS ANGELES:     A fragment of a knife found in a Chicago                      airplane waste collection tank appears to be                      unrelated to a large folding knife allegedly                      bought by double-murder suspect O.J. Simpson                      six weeks before the slayings of his ex-wife                      and a male friend.
Some tried to throw wet concrete over the road, causing traffic hold-ups before police managed to disperse them.
Only hours before Arafat arrived a knife-wielding Palestinian man stabbed and seriously wounded a Jewish settler and his wife at a settlement in the occupied West Bank in the home in Netafim.
Picture                      by Uncas Fernandez     LOS ANGELES:     A fragment of a knife found in a Chicago                      airplane waste collection tank appears to be                      unrelated to a large folding knife allegedly                      bought by double-murder suspect O.J. Simpson                      six weeks before the slayings of his ex-wife                      and a male friend.
After beginning the week at around 17.40 dollars per barrel, the price of Brent crude North Sea oil fell to 17 dollars on poor US stocks figures, before rising on fears of strikes in the North Sea.
Skipper Atherton, just before his dismissal, had also been involved in a lengthy discussion with umpires Barry Lambson and David Shepherd, along with Kiwi captain Ken Rutherford, on why Martin Crowe had left the field.
England's last pair added a further 10 runs before Fraser skied left- arm spinner Hart to extra cover on the stroke of tea.
Arafat pleads for Palestinian unity  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip, July 1 (AFP)  PLO chairman Yasser Arafat made an impassioned plea for Palestinians to unite in his first speech Friday before thousands of cheering men, women and children.
Thursday, investment managers sold shares to raise liquidities before issuing reports to their investors, according to Janney, Montgomery Scott's Eugene Peroni.
"What counts is unity, unity, unity," Arafat said in his first speech before thousands of cheering men, women and children in the heart of the capital of the Gaza Strip.
Bakker left the prison before dawn and went directly to a halfway house in North Carolina where he will spend the remaining five months of his sentence working during the day.
The commission will be charged with compiling cases on all those suspected of organising the killings and making proposals on how they could be brought before an international tribunal, French foreign ministry spokesman Richard Duque said.
Under a Russian-brokered ceasefire agreement, Georgian refugees were to return to Abkhazia before talks on Abkhazia's political status were to begin.
At the close of trading, shortly before the announcement, Lasmo was up 1.5 pence to 136 while Enterprise dropped 9.5 pence to 398.5. 
"We will not leave before finishing the entire Lusaka peace package but we will not be forced to rush irresponsibly," Valentim stressed.
Dollar rallies slightly before new week of uncertainties  LONDON, July 1 (AFP)  The dollar rallied slightly on Friday ahead of a week rich in uncertainties that led operators to follow a cautious line a few days ahead of decisions to be made by the German and US central banks and a Group of Seven summit meeting in Naples.
The dollar was up to 1.5954 marks in the morning before easing in late afternoon to 1.5925 against 1.5855 Thursday evening.
"They were the favourites before the World Cup began and they still are.
Many however also wanted a touch of the man they had only ever watched before on a television screen.
Police and bodyguards fought amicably but fiercely to keep the throng back and Arafat even lost his cool before the speech as he was buffeted back and forward like a buoy on the waves.
He extended his sixth-wicket partnership with the veteran Kirsten to 173 before his partner, on 130, skied off-spinner Nicky Phillips to deep mid-wicket just before lunch.
South Africa then quickly lost Richard Snell for five, smartly stumped by Peter Moores off Carlos Remy, but Liebenberg continued to bat forcefully and he and Pat Symcox added 42 in five overs before the declaration.
The trial is  not expected to start before early 1995.
Two Marseille men -- then general  manager and defender Jean-Jacques Eydelie -- have been accused of trying to  bribe three Valenciennes players before a league match two seasons ago.
DeFreitas' 69 included eight fours before he played on against Owens, while Gough found the boundary ten times with his 65, only to eventually drive Chris Pringle to substitute Heath Davis at extra cover.
Kosmina, who played for Australia in two World Cup campaigns, added: "He must have known he would be a target for testing after he had already served time for another offence before this."
"He's staying till Tuesday and in the meanwhile he probably will go one day to Jericho and back," Shaath said just before Arafat convened his first "cabinet" meeting in Gaza City.
He goes on to Ukraine on Saturday, before spending several days in Russia and winding up his European tour in Austria on July 5.
The fossilised remains will be removed from the quarry along with the earth and rocks they have rested in for the past millenia before being dusted out, cleaned and exhibited at Bristol Museum.
"Nobody ever served like that against me before.
The minister most likely to be dismissed is Luis Carlos Palacios, who briefly served as industry and trade promotion minister before moving just over a month ago to the head the economic planning ministry.
I have to consider a lot of things before signing a new contract."
They were beaten 5-0 one month before the tournament by England, who failed to make the grade.
The Red Sox had also lost 12 straight home games before winning Thursday, ending their longest home drought since 1926.
Durham's Chris Scott hit the first century of a 13-year career before leaders Surrey fought back at Darlington.
However Israeli leaders, facing a backlash from right-wingers and settlers, have said a trip to the holy city by Arafat would require far more advance notice than the two days he gave before arriving Friday in Jericho.
"He's staying till Tuesday and in the meanwhile he probably will go one day to Jericho and back," Shaath said just before Arafat convened his first "cabinet" meeting in Gaza City.
Blue chips up on Wall Street  NEW YORK, July 1 (AFP)  Blue chip stocks rallied in light trading Friday, rebounding from a sharp decline the day before.
Just two hundredths of a second separated the first four and there was a lengthy wait before Christie learned that his 100 per cent record for the season was intact.
Jan Christensen, the Danish cook of the Greenpeace vessel MV Solo, was dragged from near the whaling vessel's harpoon before being thrown into the sea.
Bell spoke before a UN committee to present the worldwide campaign "One Goal: Human Development," launched in conjunction with the United Nations Development Program and "Survie," a non-governmental French agency.
Mubarak said the last hours before Arafat's historic crossing into the strip from Egypt were marked by intense contact between Egypt and Israel to remove any obstacles, including a last-minute call by Mubarak to Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin.
The proceedings opened Thursday with witnesses testifying that Simpson bought a large knife about five weeks before the killings.
For maximum impact, such a television program would have to air before the House of Representatives and Senate debate the health care reform bills, probably in late August, which means Perot and the Republicans will have to come to an agreement soon.
Much of the trading involved portfolio squaring before the end of the second quarter June 30.
Delay expected in strike date decision  WASHINGTON, July 1 (AFP)  Don Fehr, the chairman of baseball's player union, doubts a strike date will be set 10 days from now when union executives meet before the All-Star Game.
The court refused Wednesday to rule on the case, brought by the European Commission, saying it wanted to study the matter in depth, but Gligorov said the expected delay of up to two years before a definitive ruling was too long.
Maradona wants to stay in touch with team  BOSTON, Massachusetts, July 1 (AFP)  World Cup outcast Diego Maradona was apparently still in Boston Friday evening, but hoped to link up with the Argentine team before their second round match in Los Angeles.
Germany and Belgium pull down shutters before showdown by Robert Smith  CHICAGO, Illinois, July 1 (AFP)  European rivals Germany and Belgium turned introspective on the eve of their World Cup second round match at Soldier Field here.
The epicenter of the quake, which struck shortly before 8 a.m. (2300 GMT), was in Hokkaido Prefecture, the agency said, adding that there was no fear that the tremor had triggered a tsunami tidal wave.
Caniggia has had a pain-killing injection for a cracked bone in his right big toe before every match so far but he could only last 20 minutes against Bulgaria on Thursday.
He feels he can carry on for another few years at the top, preferrably in a European setting, before handing the gloves to someone else.
The delegation, the most senior to visit Vietnam since the lifting of the US trade embargo in February, is to visit an excavation site near the central city of Danang before travelling on to Ho Chi Minh City.
Collection of early books sells for 4.8 million dollars  LONDON, July 2 (AFP)  One of the finest collections of incunabula -- books printed before 1500 -- including the first example of printing in Vienna, sold at Sotheby's London for 3.2 million pounds (4.8 million dollars) Friday.
But at mid-morning Arafat was still asleep, according to PLO officials, after he appealed for Palestinian unity, held his first "cabinet" meeting in Gaza and a press conference which ended just before two a.m..
However Israeli leaders, facing a backlash from right-wingers and settlers, have said a trip to the holy city would require far more advance notice than the two days Arafat gave before arriving Friday.
The delegation, the most senior to visit Vietnam since the lifting of the trade embargo in February, is to visit an excavation site near the central city of Danang Sunday before travelling on to Ho Chi Minh City.
New Finance Minister Masayoshi Takemura would have liked to see "quick measures" taken before the summit but admitted there were none around.
However Israeli leaders, facing a backlash from rightwingers and settlers, have said a trip to the holy city would require far more advance notice than the two days Arafat gave before arriving Friday.
The fires overnight Friday were brought under control before they spread, police said.
that there will before long be accepted not only the desirability, but the inevitability, of effective mass communication, and full and open political and cultural expression," Evans said.
The North had insisted that only a single advance party could come three days before the summit.
"He's going to go to Jabalia," Arafat's spokesman Marwan Kanafani told reporters just before the PLO leader emerged from a small villa, crossed the road and went into his temporary headquarters at the seafront Palestine hotel.
However Israeli leaders, facing a backlash from right-wingers and settlers, have said a trip to the holy city would require far more advance notice than the two days Arafat gave before arriving Friday.
"The Bosnian government agreed to a request from the childrens' parents and decided to repatriate them," the Yugoslav ambassador to Libya told JANA before the children left Friday.
He said that this would examine "the necessary adaptations necessary before enlargement" of the European Union, which is to expand to 16 members on January 1 with the admission of Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden.
The PLO leader was due to visit the Jabalia refugee camp in the Gaza Strip Saturday, and Shaath said Arafat would probably go to the self- rule enclave of Jericho in the West Bank Monday before leaving Tuesday for Paris.
In the parliamentary poll 1,136 candidates representing eight parties are fighting for 100 seats in the national assembly, which had existed before with only indirectly elected representatives.
Kiwis face follow on  MANCHESTER, England, July 2 (AFP)  New Zealand look set to be asked to follow on by England captain Mike Atherton, after being bowled out for 151 just before lunch on the third day of the third Test here on Saturday.
However Israeli leaders, facing a backlash from rightwingers and settlers, have said a trip to the holy city would require far more advance notice than the two days Arafat gave before he arrived Friday in Gaza.
The 27-year-old Escobar, who played in Colombia's three World Cup matches before it was eliminated, scored a goal against his own team in the match against the United States June 22.
The law must be signed by the head of state before becoming law and parliament would need to muster a two-thirds majority to overrule a presidential veto.
"Thanks for the own goal," one man said before the assailants opened fire on the Colombian player, according to the witnesses.
Hours before the match, Colombian coach Francisco Maturana had received death threats against his family if he did not pull another player, Gabriel Jaime Gomez, from the lineup.
The FBI chief was to hold talks with Ukrainian Interior Minister Andrei Vassilishin and officials of the justice, security and foreign ministries, before travelling on to Moscow a few hours later, ITAR- TASS said.
The motorcade took a wrong turn and became bogged down in the narrow alleys of neighbouring Jabalia village before finally finding the UN school where Arafat began to give a speech.
"This is the great challenge, our very survival is at stake," he said before a large crowd at the UN school.
The Ankara meeting came before the visit by Turkish President Suleyman Demirel to Zagreb and Sarajevo July 15.
(MEDELLIN) Hours before the match, Colombian coach Francisco Maturana received a telephone call warning him that his home would be dynamited if another player, Gabriel Jaime Gomez, were not pulled from the line-up.
His presidency, which came at the height of nationwide anti-government pro-democracy demonstrations, lasted for just one month before the military stepped in on September 18, 1988.
After the end of the war he attended Rangoon University and studied law in England, the Netherlands and the United States before being appointed assistant attorney general under the military care-taker government in 1958.
The next day, militiamen came and took away Tutsi patients who had been treated the day before and killed them, almost in front of us," Sister J.
Half an hour before closing down, the radio broadcast a live message from Arafat's top political advisor Nabil Shaath in Gaza.
Abu Ayash said he expected the radio and television to function fully after moving to main studios in a building in Ramallah which was a radio station under Jordanian rule before Israeli occupation in 1967.
Hours before the match, Colombian coach Francisco Maturana received a telephone call warning him that his home would be dynamited if another player, Gabriel Jaime Gomez, were not pulled from the line-up.
Italian coach Arrigo Sacchi continues to insist it is only a matter of time before Baggio clicks into the kind of brilliance he displayed in Italy's crucial qualifying matches.
But FIFA are unlikely to allow them to realise their dream -- to ride their motorbike round the Cotton Bowl pitch before the game.
After soldiers caught a boy and beat him, scores of refugees joined the battle and two army jeeps drove into the self-rule area before turning back under a hail of stones.
Troops used sound grenades and tear-gas before Palestinian police arrived.
Created in 1948, the CFA franc held a fixed parity of 0.02 for one French franc before being devalued on January 11 1994 to a parity of 0.01 French francs.
"You get strength before such a great adventure.
The Chinese leader was later to make a private visit to Salzburg before leaving the country Sunday for the start of visits to Germany and Romania.
Pakistan manager Zakauddin gambled on several positional changes Saturday and they paid off handsomely with four goals in the space of 12 minutes before the shell-shocked Australians could mount any sort of response.
In the 17th minute inside right Muhammad Shahbaz dribbed through a host of defenders to score the third  and only three more minutes elapsed before Rahim Khan netted the fourth.
It took several more minutes before the Australians regained their composure sufficiently for outside right Stephen Davies to pull one goal back in the 29th minute.
The Russian prime minister's visit comes before the second round of presidential elections in Belarus, due on July 10, which set Kebich against populist deputy Alexander Lukachenko.
The plunge sent food flying across the cabin and threw passengers about before the crew managed to stabilize the aircraft 17 seconds later, he said.
The G7 group -- which comprises the United States, Canada, France, Britain, Germany, Italy and Japan -- should also ensure that the proposed peace plan provides for "the withdrawal of the aggressor from territories which, before the war, were inhabited by a Moslem or Croat majority."
Klinsmann had gone close on another two occasions in the second half before Weber's penalty appeal.
Peres says "three or four" autonomy issues to be settled  JERUSALEM, July 2 (AFP)  Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres said Saturday that "three or four points" remained to be settled before talks could begin on spreading autonomy through the West Bank.
Arafat called Friday for the Israeli army to pull out of Palestinian population centres on the West Bank before August to allow the organisation of elections "as soon as possible."
Police said it was stolen several hours before the killing, giving weight to suspicions the attack on Escobar was premeditated.
(MEDELLIN) Hours before the match with the United States, Colombian coach Francisco Maturana received a telephone call warning him that his home would be dynamited if another player, Gabriel Jaime Gomez, were not pulled from the line-up.
"It had never happened to me before, as an amateur or as a professional, and it occurred right at the most important moment for Colombian football."
Faldo also picked up shots on the fifth, eighth, 10th, 11th, where he almost holed in one, and 14th before his one mistake, a pitch over the green for a bogey six on the long 17th.
Detectives were late Saturday examining a video film made by one of the wedding guests shortly before the attack.
Terry and his captain Mark Nicholas added a further 65 for the third wicket before fast-medium pace bowler Richard Snell returned to dismiss Nicholas for 33, and then ended Terry's four-hour innings to a catch at first slip by Kepler Wessels.
(LONDON) It left Warwickshire needing 180 to win and openers Andy Moles and Roger Twose reduced the target by 32 before the close.
The Sanaa spokesman said all southern attacks on northern positions around Aden failed and accused the secessionists of continuing to violate a ceasefire, announced in Moscow on Thursday which collapsed after several hours like five others before it in the two-month civil war.
Fewer than two months before the August 21 presidential election, Zedillo's party Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) is looking to add some sparkle to its candidate's image.
Police said it was stolen several hours before the killing, which could support the idea of a premeditated attack on Escobar.
Hours before the match with the United States, Colombian coach Francisco Maturana received a telephone call warning him that his home would be dynamited if another player, Gabriel Jaime Gomez, were not pulled from the line-up.
"It had never happened to me before, as an amateur or as a professional, and it occurred right at the most important moment for Colombian football."
The Swiss had just made their second substitition, introducing Nestor Subiat, but before he had touched the ball they were 2-0 down.
Some 100,000 Palestinians worked in Israel before the 1991 Gulf War, more than 60,000 from Gaza.
 (CHICAGO) Matthias Sammer, nullifying Belgian midfield threat Enzo Scifo, Hassler and Helmer had superb matches while Klinsmann, who claimed his goal off a Voller lay-off, could have scored a hat-trick before he was replaced by Stefan Kuntz with four minutes left.
The DC-9 had taken off from Columbia, South Carolina, before the crash, she said.
Matthias Sammer, nullifying Belgian midfield threat Enzo Scifo, Hassler and Helmer had superb matches while Klinsmann, who claimed his goal off a Voller lay-off, could have scored a hat-trick before he was replaced by Stefan Kuntz with four minutes left.
Ikpeba, the 1993 Belgian player of the year before his move from Liege to Monaco, admitted there had been problems.
Switzerland's hopes had been hit just before kick-off when they were forced to bring in Bickel for Alain Sutter.
Caniggia had a pain-killing injection for a cracked bone in his right big toe before the first three matches but had only lasted 20 minutes against Bulgaria when he pulled a thigh muscle.
She said the FAA had "no idea of any problem" before the DC-9 plane crashed just before 7 p.m. (2300 GMT).
She said the FAA had "no idea of any problem" before the aircraft crashed at 6:40 p.m. (2240 GMT).
US demands further MIA progress before relations can improve  HANOI, July 3 (AFP)  The United States is demanding that Vietnam step up its efforts to find missing American servicemen before relations between the former enemies can develop further, US officials said Sunday.
France is also hoping to regain the position as a leading supplier to the South African military that it held before an international arms embargo was imposed on the former white minority regime.
She said the FAA had "no idea of any problem" before the aircraft crashed at 6:40 p.m. (2240 GMT).
Parreira said the reminder was particularly poignant since his players had met Senna just two weeks before his death.
The Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) attacked the Cacyicu gendarmerie base at around 4:00 a.m. (0200 GMT), before daybreak.
It also left the Kiwis' World Cup hopes in disarray, with coach Laurie Mains facing a major inquest into the team and his own future with less than a year to go before the 1995 tournament in South Africa.
US demands further MIA progress before relations can improve by Robert Templer  HANOI, July 3 (AFP)  Vietnam should delve still further into its archives to dig out information on missing US servicemen and step up search efforts before relations with the United States can move ahead, officials said Sunday.
It also left the Kiwis' World Cup hopes in disarray, with coach Laurie Mains facing a major inquest into the team and his own future with less than a year to go before the 1995 tournament in South Africa.
His charge ended in a ruck, scrum-half Guy Accoceberry releasing number 10 Christophe Deylaud before blindside flanker Abdel Benazzi smashed on.
His openside colleague Laurent Cabannes linked up before slipping an inside pass to centre Yann Delaigue and Accoceberry took the ball right to the line before shovelling the final pass to Sadourny.
The New Zealanders were level two minutes later through Matthew Cooper and edged 6-3 ahead before Cooper hit a post.
A salesman and one of the owners of "Ross Cutlery," a Los Angeles knife store, have testified that Simpson bought a large folding knife worth 80 dollars six weeks before the crime.
It also left the Kiwis' World Cup hopes in disarray, with coach Laurie Mains facing a major inquest into the team and his own future with less than a year to go before the 1995 tournament in South Africa.
His charge ended in a ruck, scrum-half Guy Accoceberry releasing number 10 Christophe Deylaud down the right before blindside flanker Abdel Benazzi smashed on.
His openside colleague Laurent Cabannes linked up before slipping an inside pass to centre Yann Delaigue and Accoceberry ran right to left across the posts, taking the ball right to the line before shovelling the final pass to Sadourny.
The Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) attacked the Cacyicu gendarmerie base at around 4:00 a.m. (0200 GMT), before daybreak.
Sniping continues, despite the ceasefire, but less so than before.
A "Turist Menu" costs 25 German marks, which he says is no different from what he charged before the war.
"Life's not like before, but it's better than during the war," she says.
Ex-East German agents said to finance mafia crime  LONDON, July 3 (AFP)  Former East German secret service agents are using billions of marks, stolen before Germany's reunification, to fund mafia crime, The Observer newspaper reported Sunday, quoting a top German police investigator.
A confidential German police report written by Kittlaus "says Stasi officers stole at least 26.5 billion DM (16.6 billion dollars) before German unification and are recycling it both through 'legitimate' new businesses and crime linked with the Russian mafia."
The Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) attacked the Cacyicu gendarmerie base at around 4:00 a.m. (0200 GMT), before daybreak.
He served as Ghana's permanent representative to the UN in New York from 1980 to 1990 and before then to the European office of the UN in Geneva from 1978 to August 1980, where he chaired various UN committees.
He is to go on to Finland before returning to Beijing.
The northern spokesman also accused the southern forces loyal to Ali Salem al-Baid of receiving supplies of sophisticated modern weapons, such as MiG-29 warplanes and self-propelled guns, which the former South Yemen armed forces did not possess before.
The Puerto Rican, who won the crown in 1992, had his opponent in trouble during the first round and floored him twice in the second before the referee stopped the bout.
I want to defend my title twice more before moving up a category to featherweight."
A press conference for foreign correspondents also died a quiet death as Arafat preferred to pursue meetings with delegations before a session with cadres from his Fatah movement.
The gunman had spent the day drinking at a nearby bar before he burst in on the party Saturday night, the paper said.
This is the first step for us," he said before apologizing for losing his voice.
Kabul quiet ahead of OIC peace missions visit by Terence White  KABUL, July 3 (AFP)  After a week of fierce fighting and massive exchange of heavy artillery fire, Kabul was unusually quiet Sunday, a few days before the expected visit of a peace mission from the Organisation of Islamic Conference (OIC).
But Berbizier admitted he had suffered before the match-winning try, when they trailed 20-16.
"You must remember it was Sharon who ordered the evacuation of Yamit," a Jewish settlement destroyed by the Israeli army before the Sinai was returned to Egypt in 1982.
"I believe that we can reach a breakthrough," Murayama said after appointing his cabinet, referring to his expected meeting with Clinton before the summit.
Chiluba is yet to respond to Mwanawasa's resignation letter which was handed to him an hour before he made it public but an official source indicated that the president would accept it.
But Lombi made it 3-1 for Argentina in the 63rd minute after combining well with Falcheto, before Clark, back from suspension, scored South Africa's second from another Pullen pass.
We are waiting for our adopted children to finish their university exams before we leave," she said.
The DC-9 carrying 51 passengers was trying to land when it smashed into trees and sheared off the top of telephone polls before hitting the ground and breaking into three pieces, officials said.
"To see that we had so many survivors is a miracle," Pena told CNN before a meeting of National Transportation Safety Board investigators looking into the cause of the crash.
The Federal Aviation Administration "had no idea of any problem" before the aircraft crashed at 6:40 p.m. (2240 GMT), said Kathleen Bergen, an FAA spokeswoman at Atlanta, Georgia.
Some people, already tanned, have obviously been here before.
The match was being played in fierce sunshine and before 15,000 spectators on the centre- court.
Ivanisevic was then in immediate trouble in the very next game and trailed 15-40 before recovering to make it 4-4.
In the parliamentary poll 1,136 candidates representing eight parties are fighting for 100 seats in the national assembly, which existed before with only indirectly elected representatives.
The Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF), which controls more than half the country, attacked the Kacyiru gendarmerie base before daybreak in violent artillery and small arms exchanges lasting almost two hours.
The Pakistanis missed three clear scoring chances early in the first half and it was the Germans who finally broke the deadlock with a field goal by Christoph Bechmann a minute before haf-time.
The two then lead a short-lived seccessionist movement in eastern Cambodia before retreating into the political wilderness.
The first drama came after the 20th lap, when the rear end of Alessandro Zanardi's Lotus burst into flames and the Italian swept round the circuit belching fire before track officials brought out the extinguishers.
But earlier in Hanoi, Gober told a press conference that Vietnam should delve further into its archives in the hunt for documents that could help find those still missing before the United States would move ahead and improve relations.
The DC-9 carrying 57 people aboard was trying to land when it smashed into trees and sheared off the top of telephone polls before hitting the ground and breaking into three pieces, officials said.
"To see that we had so many survivors is a miracle," Pena told CNN before a meeting of National Transportation Safety Board investigators looking into the cause of the crash.
The Federal Aviation Administration "had no idea of any problem" before the aircraft crashed at 6:40 p.m. (2240 GMT), said Kathleen Bergen, an FAA spokeswoman at Atlanta, Georgia.
Schwantz led for the first four laps, after a flying start from the second row on the grid, before being chased down by Doohan and Cadalora.
Graves damaged at Innsbruck Catholic cemetery  INNSBRUCK, Austria, July 3 (AFP)  Some 40 graves were damaged by unknown attackers before dawn Sunday at a Roman Catholic cemetery in this western Austrian town, police said.
Clinton is scheduled to stop Wednesday in the Lithuanian capital of Riga, then in Warsaw, before heading to Naples for the two-day summit Friday and Saturday of the world's seven richest industrialized countries.
Arafat vows to pray in Jerusalem soon  RAFAH, Gaza Strip, July 3 (AFP)  PLO chairman Yasser Arafat swore Sunday before a rally of 10,000 Palestinians that he would soon pray in Jerusalem, the third holiest site in Islam.
France came to the aid of the Hutu-led government twice before in 1990 and 1993 to help prevent a takeover by the RPF.
He did not see any new measures being introduced before then.
He joked: "I can't remember making a start like that before.
"I have never heard these words before," Parreira said.
Moroccan debacle  RABAT, July 3 (AFP)  Morocco's World Cup squad, eliminated after losing all their first- round matches, returned home to total difference on Sunday but with the country's sports ministry under pressure from one opposition party to explain before parliament the side's "humiliating debacle" in the USA.
No sex before marriage: pope  VATICAN CITY, July 3 (AFP)  Pope John Paul II emphasised Sunday the Roman Catholic church's opposition to sex before and outside marriage.
They will first stop over in Djibouti before leaving again Tuesday for Cyangugu, Rwanda.
It included a six and 13 fours before off-spinner Shaun Udal had him caught at mid-wicket.
The tourists slumped to 228-9 but Tim Shaw and Allan Donald put on 36 before captain Kepler Wessels declared on 264-9, a deficit of 36 on Hampshire's first innings.
Qian, who came here from Estonia, said that Russia should withdraw all of its remaining troops from the Baltic countries before the end of August.
Logistical problems plague Bissau polls  BISSAU, July 3 (AFP)  Guinea-Bissau's first multi-party elections Sunday were plagued by logistical problems, with some polling stations yet to open two hours before the scheduled end of voting, reports said.
But with most stations not equipped with electric light, it was unclear whether all electors could be processed before sunset, the officials said.
In the parliamentary poll 1,136 candidates representing eight parties are fighting for 100 seats in the national assembly, which existed before with only indirectly elected representatives.
Hours before the ill-fated match with the United States, Colombian coach Francisco Maturana received a telephone call warning him that his home would be dynamited if another player, Gabriel Jaime Gomez, were not pulled from the line-up.
Colombia was one of the favorite teams before the World Cup began and was eliminated in the first round of the monthlong gournament being played in the United States.
Caniggia, who scored twice against Nigeria in Argentina's second group game, had had a pain-killing injection for a cracked bone in his right big toe before every game.
"We have one month before us to get this international mobilisation which is the only way of decisively stabilising the situation," he said, noting France's promise to pull out of Rwanda "by the end of July or early August."
"I will consult my players before I announce the team (for Italy)," said Westerhof.
Shortly before the truce declaration, the "presidential council" of the YDR called for international help and warned the war has begun to take "a dangerous turn."
France came to the aid of the Hutu-led government twice before in 1990 and 1993 to help prevent a takeover by the RPF.
(new series) Guns fall silent in Aden ceasefire  ADEN, July 4 (AFP)  The guns fell silent in Aden late Sunday, shortly before a southern- declared ceasefire came into effect, and no shooting was reported one hour after the midnight (2100 GMT) deadline.
In the fighting before the guns stopped around 11:30 p.m. (2030 GMT) Sunday 13 civilians, including a number of children, were reported killed by northern shelling of Aden and 52 wounded.
He ran half the length of the field before playing the ball inside two defenders for Hagi to score with a rising shot with his right foot, the one he normally uses just for standing on.
However, he also stressed that "great care should be taken before unusual actions are taken" to try to reverse the dollar's course.
The DC-9 was trying to land at Charlotte-Douglas International Airport when it smashed into trees and sheared off the top of telephone polls before hitting the ground and breaking up, officials said.
"To see that we had so many survivors is a miracle," Pena told CNN before a meeting of National Transportation Safety Board investigators looking into the cause of the crash.
Tyndall said Captain Michael Greenlee had more than 1,900 hours in DC- 9s and First Officer James Hayes had more than 3,100 hours in DC-9s The Federal Aviation Administration "had no idea of any problem" before the aircraft crashed at 6:40 p.m. (2240 GMT), said Kathleen Bergen, an FAA spokeswoman at Atlanta, Georgia.
"We could not come here like this before, it was not safe."
In Aden an official spokesman said Sunday that engineers would try Monday to reach Bir Nasser to evaluate the damage "caused by the north" before beginning repairs.
The advantage is that it gives Matthaus a chance to recover and the disadvantage is that we have a long time to wait before we play again.
After his suspension ended Caniggia had three specially-arranged matches in nine days before the World Cup but needed a pain-killing injection for a cracked toe before every game in the US.
Hobday hobbles home  PINEHURST, North Carolina, July 3 (AFP)  South African Simon Hobday blew it once, then blew it again before emerging as the US Senior Open champion here Sunday.
Rodriguez said however that authorities were less than convinced by Munoz's story that his car had been stolen four hours before the killing, and that he was held captive by the killers until two-and- one-half hours after it.
Hours before the ill-fated match with the United States, Colombian coach Francisco Maturana received a telephone call warning him that his home would be dynamited if another player, Gabriel Jaime Gomez, were not pulled from the line-up.
Colombia was one of the favorite teams before the World Cup began and was eliminated in the first round of the month-long tournament being played in the United States.
Tuesday's match falls six days before his 36th birthday, but he is in no hurry to head back south across the Rio Grande.
(AFP)     ADEN: The guns fell silent in Aden shortly before a southern-declared  ceasefire came into effect.
But Police Inspector Hernan de Soto told AFP they would have to wait for the body to float before they could file infanticide charges against the mother.
The group announced net profits Friday for the year to May 31 of 1.284 billion Australian dollars (937 million US) after abnormals, up 7.5 percent from 1.194 billion dollars the year before.
The guns had fallen silent late Sunday, half-an-hour before the southern-declared ceasefire came into effect at midnight, and the night was calm.
"We will vote to put the Khmer Rouge outside the law this morning," said a government spokesman before parliament convened.
"We will vote to put the Khmer Rouge outside the law this morning," said a government spokesman before parliament convened.
Mitterrand and Mandela inspected the guard of honour before departing.
Institutional investors stayed on the sidelines before Tuesday's meeting in the United States of the Federal open market committee.
Many people had to spend the night clinging to rooftops before being rescued by soldiers.
Wu will go to France a week before Jiang starts an official visit.
"Few new buildings will be completed before early 1995."
However, sites on the waterfront Bund, which was the East Asian equivalent of Wall Street before the Communists took power in 1949 takeover, would probably command top prices.
Sipahioglou was shot as he was getting in his car just before 9:00 a.m. to drive to Athens from the Kallithea district, between Athens and the port of Piraeus.
Other wells went through their meagre, often sandy, water supply just as fast before tapping sea water.
A southern official spokesman said engineers would try to reach Bir Nasser Monday to evaluate damage "caused by the north" before carrying out repairs.
These had been brought forwards before a week marked by holidays at the end of the month, the official said.
The guns had fallen silent late Sunday, half-an-hour before the southern-declared ceasefire came into effect at midnight, and the night was calm.
Dollar is little changed before Fed meeting  LONDON, July 4 (AFP)  The dollar was little changed against the main European currencies in early trading on Monday before a meeting of the US Federal Reserve open market committee on Tuesday which might increase interest rates, dealers said.
"But I don't think Sin Song is coping with reality," Sok An said as the coup came just before members of parliament were expected to formally outlaw the Khmer Rouge.
The city has been without running water since the pumping station was destroyed in fighting Tuesday, a day before northern troops took control of Bir Nasser.
At a news conference just before departure for a one day state visit to neighbouring Malawi, Chiluba said he had dismissed Legal Affairs Minister Ludwig Sondashi for "impropriety and miscounduct in office".
After further glorious weather on Sunday, the rest day, weather conditions changed abruptly overnight and, with rain still falling steadily, there was little prospect of play before lunch.
Epoca recalled the episode but will not say for certain that the diaries have never been seen before.
"Everybody is equal before the law and it does not recognise the status of the accused," he said reacting to the judge's order.
He was arrested the following month and detained for 16 days before being given bail.
Arafat had arrived at the prison with an escort of three police cars before holding a three-hour meeting with Palestinian police and security chiefs there.
The arrest took place several minutes before the PLO chief left the prison to visit the former palace of the Egyptian governor of Gaza, later used by Israeli authorities.
Bacre Waly N'Diaye, special rapporteur on disappearances, extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions, met interim Indonesian Minister of Foreign Affairs Susilo Sudarman, said ministry spokesman Irawan Abidin He will also meet other government and army officials before leaving Wednesday for Denpasar, in Bali, seat of the military commander of the former Portuguese colony of East Timor, Irawan said.
N'Diaye, from Senegal, will visit Timor from July 7 to July 11, before heading back to Jakarta and leaving the country on July 13.
moral and intellectual courage to dominate your immediate history (in achieving) liberation without revenge," adding: "You have a magnificent task before you: Building a rainbow nation."
Mandela and Mitterrand will host a joint press conference here before they fly to Johannesburg, where they will together visit the Soweto black township.
Mitterrand will attend a reception hosted by Tokyo Sexwale, premier of the greater Johannesburg-Pretoria area, and meet South Africa's French community before returning to Paris Tuesday night.
Pre-tax profits before exceptional items were 63 percent higher at 68.2 million pounds from 42.4 million pounds in 1992, boosted by profits of 19.6 million pounds from the sale of its stake in Carpetright.
"The MFI formula of value for money merchandise is more relevant today than ever before, and we are confident that we can capitalise upon this strength in an improving market."
He said the guerrillas attacked the field while soldiers were relaxing and had it under their control for at least 30 minutes before retreating.
Ahmad, 47, managing director of Malaysia's biggest bank, Maybank, before taking up his new post at Bank Negara on May 1, said he was "tightening the nuts and bolts that may have come loose along the way in an effort to strive for continued improvement."
He was held in custody for six nights before being released on bail.
During a short visit Arafat will preside over the swearing-in of the new Palestinian self-rule authority in Jericho before returning to Gaza in the afternoon.
Several MPs expressed their unease at appearing before Saturday's rally under a banner calling for Arafat's death.
News reports said that Hashimoto and Kantor were expected to meet one day before the Group of Seven (G7) industrialized countries starts a three-day summit in Naples Friday involving the leaders of Britain, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan and the United States.
The two-day meeting will discuss the ministry's proposal before coming up with a decision.
Hezbollah said its guerrillas "controlled" the field for at least 30 minutes before retreating.
Investigator John Hammerschmidt said the control tower had issued a "wind shear alert" just before the DC-9 with 57 people aboard barreled into a field near the airport.
But the jet smashed into trees and telephone polls before hitting the ground and breaking up, officials said.
Northern forces occupied part of Mukalla's port before moving into other areas of the city, the official said.
The loophole, however, could be closed by countries such as Germany, which want the currency union criteria rigidly applied so that individual economies are properly harmonised and healthy before their currencies are fused.
Abdujaparov, nickmamed the "Tashkent terror", was looking for his second in in a row but he angrily waved his hand in the air and gave up in the final metres before the line when he realised Van Poppel and German Olaf Ludwig were too strong.
Just before Durand and Swart were caught with 22km to the finish, they shook hands and shrugged their shoulders with a rueful smile as they realised their break was doomed.
Northern forces occupied part of Mukalla's port before moving into other areas of the city, the official said.
North Korea replaced around 8,000 fuel rods in the reactor core before IAEA inspectors arrived, sparking fears that Pyongyang was diverting enriched plutonium from the facility for a secret nuclear bomb-making programme.
Judge Tajudeen Odunowo immediately summoned Attorney-General Olu Onagoruwa to appear before him Thursday "to show why he should not be dealt with according to the law for his repeated failure to comply with the order of this court".
Judge Tajudeen Odunowo immediately summoned Attorney-General Olu Onagoruwa to appear before him Thursday "to show why he should not be dealt with according to the law for his repeated failure to comply with the order of this court."
"The majesty of the law lies in the principle that no one is above law," judge Patel said before sending the stunned actor to jail.
Dutt was arrested in April and detained for 16 days before being given bail.
But he angrily waved his hand in the air and gave up in the final metres before the line when he realised Van Poppel and German Olaf Ludwig were too strong.
(BOULOGNE-SUR-MER) Just before Durand and Swart were caught with 22km to the finish, they shook hands and shrugged their shoulders with a rueful smile as they realised their break was doomed.
It was unknown whether Suard would appear before D'Huy at the end of the custody period.
Shaath did not say when Arafat would be back either, but Freih Abu Midden, justice "minister" in the new Palestinian Authority, said Arafat will not be back before July 12 or 13.
The plan would probably have to be discussed by the parliament and maybe by the Moslem assembly in Sarajevo before an answer could be given, Muftic also said.
A judge will hear the request before deciding whether to issue an international arrest warrant on Craxi over the scandal-tainted Rome metro project.
A northern military official, who asked not to be named, said northern forces controlled part of the port at Mukalla before moving into other areas of the city.
To enthusiastic cheers, Mitterrand threw the switch for the first phase of the electrification of the ramshackle township's 65,000 homes -- a project involving France's EDF, Britain's East Midlands Electricity and South Africa's Eskom -- before visiting one of the wood and tin huts newly linked to the power line.
"We cannot afford to wait until there is a successful diversion of a significant amount of nuclear material (...) The time to develop such a plan of action is now, before that dreadful incident occurs," he said in a speech at the Russian Interior Ministry training centre.
In Hanoi on Sunday, the delegation leader, Assistant Secretary for Veterans Affairs Hershel Gober, said that Hanoi would have to boost its efforts, researching archives for any information, before Washington would take further steps to improve relations.
At a press conference before leaving for Laos, Lord said there "were still no plans" for a visit by Secretary of State Warren Christopher, despite speculation he would stop over in Hanoi after the ASEAN Regional Forum in Bangkok.
Maradona's fate to be decided next month  DALLAS, Texas, July 4 (AFP)  Diego Maradona's football fate will be decided by a special FIFA meeting to be held before the end of August, the governing body's general secretary Sepp Blatter said here on Monday.
Tens of thousands of Tutsis fled amid ethnic strife when the central African country's Hutu majority ended traditional Tutsi monarchical rule in 1959, before independence from Belgium.
When he met one UN official about a month before the latest conflict broke out, he made it clear that the presence of the United Nations in Rwanda was not much use in his opinion, because "genocide" by the Hutus had already been committed.
The CAC 40 index was up as much as 1.7 percent to 1,906.59 points just two hours before the finish, but Alcatel-Alsthom, with the second- biggest market capitalization on the Bourse, plunged 8.31 percent on the day to end at 541 francs, its lowest value of the year.
Wendlinger vows to return  VIENNA, July 4 (AFP)  Formula One driver Karl Wendlinger, badly injured hi a practice session crash before the Monaco grand prix, vowed on Monday to return to the track.
Authorities said the Miskitos belonged to a group known as Yatama, which led the 1980's ethnic uprising on the country's Caribbean coast against the Sandinista government, before demobilizing and taking part in the 1990 general elections.
After the meeting Chalker said she would send a team of experts to the war-ravaged central African country before the end of this week to "assess the humanitarian needs" and to meet "all ...
But Old Trafford's brolly-brandishing faithful would tell you they have heard that all before.
Judge Tajudeen Odunowo immediately summoned Attorney-General and Justice Minister Olu Onagoruwa to appear before him Thursday "to show why he should not be dealt with according to the law for his repeated failure to comply with the order of this court."
In a reference to the pro-democracy activities of Onagoruwa before he was appointed justice minister last year, the judge added that his refusal to obey the order "defies my comprehension."
The District and Sessions Judge in nearby Rawalpindi asked Sharif to appear before the court on July 21, court officials said.
A five-judge inquiry commission was set up after Sharif accused Leghari of receiving 500,000 dollars from Habib before becoming president in November.
Bonner's error ensured the Dutch created a two-goal buffer four minutes before half time.
And Belgian Foreign Minister Willy Claes said the summit would not be necessary if EU leaders managed to settle the row by telephone or in bilateral contacts before July 15.
Hezbollah said its guerrillas "controlled" the field for at least 30 minutes before retreating.
That's been true before and no doubt it will be true again.
"I am glad we do not have to play before Sunday.
Spain drew 1-1 with Germany, were held 2-2 by South Korea, and beat Bolivia 3-1 in group games before taking out the Swiss 3-0 in the second round in Wahington on Saturday.
Monday the team is resting, taking in a downtown show before joining in July 4 celebrations.
A northern military official, who asked not to be named, said northern forces controlled part of the port at Mukalla before moving into other areas of the city.
Just before he was sent off Leonardo tested Meola with a stinging shot from 20 metres.
But Bonner produced the biggest clanger four minutes before half time when he failed to get behind a 30-metre drive from Jonk to allow the ball to slip through his hands into his net.
After the meeting Chalker said she would send a team of experts to the war-ravaged central African country before the end of this week to "assess the humanitarian needs" and to meet "all ...
He was away from the circuit en route to his private jet heading for Florida before the race ended.
In total, some 9,915 hectares (24,500 acres) of rugged brush and forest land have fallen before the advancing flames in southern California.
He had wasted four chances before he slipped a perfect pass through to Bebeto in the penalty area for a shot under defender Alexi Lalas' challenge and into the far corner of the net.
Independent external pathologists were helping with the review, and checks were being made on tests carried out before 1991, he said.
Leonardo was shown the red card for the foul shortly before half-time.
Solari apparently hesitated before accepting, but performances in the United States should give a tremendous shot in the arm tor football in Saudi Arabia, where the sport really took off after the country's qualification for the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics.
"We were the only team who analysed them beforehand," said Swedish coach Tommy Svensson.
In raw figures, the value of retail trade rose 2.2 percent to 8.326 billion dollars in May from 8.146 billion dollars the month before and by 4.4 percent from May 1993's total of 7.971 billion dollars.
Nabil Shaath, minister for occoperation, accompanied the PLO leader who reviewed a police honour guard before climbing aboard the helicopter which was to fly over Israel and the West Bank down into the Jordan valley.
Nabil Shaath, minister for cooperation, accompanied the PLO leader who reviewed a police honour guard before climbing aboard the helicopter which was to fly over Israel and the West Bank down into the Jordan valley.
"They came just a few days before (the coup attempt) that is why we investigate," deputy minister of information Khieu Kanharith said during a break in Tuesday's session of parliament, where members were debating a bill outlawing the Khmer Rouge.
"It must be conducted according to the law and we must have enough proof and evidence before we say anything," Hun Sen told reporters outside parliament.
He added that it was unlikely a decision would be taken before the weekend summit.
Peres was expected to spend only several hours in the former Soviet Moslem republic before heading back home to Israel.
A command performance is expected of the giant Queensland centre when he lines up before a Sydney crowd for the last time as Australian captain.
Northern forces occupied part of Mukalla's port before moving into other areas of the city, said the official requesting anonymity.
Three policemen were treated in hospital before being released.
Arafat was later due to swear in the "ministers" who will serve the new Palestinian Authority before returning to Gaza City.
Touvier had spent four decades on the run and was twice condemned to death in absentia before he was arrested at a Catholic priory in Nice on May 24, 1989.
Murayama leaves for Italy on Wednesday to join government leaders and heads of state from Britain, Canada, France, Germany, Italy and the United States, most of whom had not heard of him before last week.
Tokyo press reports have said that the foreign ministry has tried to set up a first meeting with other G7 leaders before the summit gets underway.
Dollar firms before US Federal Reserve meeting  LONDON, July 5 (AFP)  The dollar firmed slightly early on Tuesday before a  meeting of the open market committee of the US Federal Reserve later in the day, and after overnight intervention by the Bank of Japan, dealers said.
Dealers said that the volume of trading was small before several key meetings this week: these were the meeting of the open market committeen, a meeting of the central council of the Bundesbank on Thursday, and the G7 summit in Naples beginning on Friday.
In Paris, currencies were calm, moving little in technical trading, before the series of meetings.
Longuet said that China had now promised to resume buying the amounts of cereals, about 800,000 tonnes, which it had been purchasing before the dispute..
Shares dip in Paris and London  LONDON, July 5 (AFP)  Share prices fell slightly in Paris and London in early trading on Tuesday on losses in futures before a meeting of the US Federal Reserve's open market committee later in the day.
Poland says it wants to join NATO by decade's end  BRUSSELS, July 5 (AFP)  Poland wants to join the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation before the end of the decade, deputy Polish defence minister Jerzy Milewski said here Tuesday.
Insider trading charge against Bank of Spain adviser: sources  MADRID, July 5 (AFP)  The stock market commission here has accused a former adviser to the Bank of Spain of insider trading by selling shares in the Banesto bank the day before the bank was put under administration, stock market sources said on Tuesday.
The report alleged that he had admitted having sold in good faith 2,388 shares which he held in Banesto on December 27, a few hours before trading in the shares was suspended and the bank was put under administration on December 28.
Only hours before formally adopting the plan at 1300 GMT in Geneva, Moscow expressed misgivings over the use of some sanctions intended to force the parties to the two-year conflict to lay down their arms.
Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic rejected the proposal as "humiliating" before he had even looked at it in detail, saying it destroyed all chances of survial for the Serbs.
Bosnian Moslem leaders also expressed serious reservations and were in pessimistic mood before leaving for Switzerland.
"The Arabs will have to drive over us to go and meet the assassin," shouted Boaz Halevy before he was dragged off the tarmac with his terrified daughter in his arms.
Christopher was due to hold 30 minutes of talks with the delegation before meeting Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev at the nearby Russian mission.
The two men are due to meet briefly before welcoming their European counterparts from Britain, France and Germany.
Both before and during the siege, Croat forces expelled Moslem civilians from their western-held part of town, sometimes shooting at them to force to cross no-man's-land to the Moslem side.
One UNHCR field worker reported seeing an elderly Moslem woman, whose gold teeths were ripped out and her hip broken by Croat soldiers, before she was evicted from her flat in the western part of town.
On Tuesday, Juppe said France was determined to carry out the Rwanda operation as it was originally conceived and to stick to the deadline - before the end of July - for withdrawal.
Security forces discovered and defused the bomb before it could be taken inside the shrine in southern Tehran, IRNA said without giving further details.
Dion Nash joined Matthew Hart but only one more run was added before rain arrived again to drive the players off.
Clinton will speak to the Polish parliament Thursday to renew the call for closer political, military, economic cooepration in Europe which he made before the French National Assembly on June 7 during his last European swing.
At a press conference on the second day of his week-long trip, Longuet said Beijing had promised to resume buying cereals at the same level -- around 800,000 tonnes -- before sales were halted in 1993 in a Beijing protest over French arms sales to Taiwan.
Aircraft manufacturer Aerospatiale, was also to open an office, the minister told the press conference held shortly before he left for Shanghai.
Kozyrev met Christopher on the steps of the building before going in for private talks.
China announced last week -- just days before a June 30 US deadline for Beijing to take effective action to stem widespread violations of patents and copyrights -- that it had increased the maximum penalty stipulated in the draft regulation from five to seven years.
Divorce lawyer shoots dead his wife, judge in courtroom drama  TEHRAN, July (AFP)  A lawyer went berserk in a divorce court in the Iranian capital on Tuesday shooting dead his wife and the judge before turning the gun on himself, Tehran radio said.
He pulled out a revolver and shot his wife at point blank range, before killing the judge and then himself.
Vietnamese participants had been involved in working groups in PECC's fisheries and mineral and energy programmes even before its formal admission to the group, PECC officials said.
BR reported that its flagship business -- InterCity -- was in profit for the sixth year running, showing an operating profit of 97.9 million in 1993, compared with 65.1 million the year before.
But BR Chairman Sir Bob Reid said that now the railways were privatised, the private sector had to play a bigger part than before in railway investment.
Poland says it wants to join NATO by decade's end  BRUSSELS, July 5 (AFP)  Poland is planning to join the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation before the end of the decade, deputy Polish defence minister Jerzy Milewski said here Tuesday.
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher arrived for brief face-to- face talks with Kozyrev shortly before the ministerial meeting opened and following a meeting with senior Bosnian officials.
On Wednesday, Chretien flies to Rome where he will meet with the Pope on Thursday before flying on to Naples Friday for the summit with the leaders of Britain, France, Germany, Italy, Japan and the United States.
A record number of 8,346 competitors and officials have been entered for the games but the number will be reduced to around 7,300 before countries send final lists by September 2.
reopens (PARIS) Tuesday afternoon, Pierre Fleuriot, managing director of the market watchdog agency, Commission des Operations de Bourse, said that the monitoring of Alcatel-Alstom stock prices did not show any particular concentration of orders on Monday before publication of an AFP dispatch reporting that Suard had been taken into custody.
Tuesday afternoon, about two hours before the Paris Bourse's close, Alcatel-Alsthom stock was up 5.4 percent on the day to 570 francs on about a million shares changing hands.
Museeuw dashes Boardman dream  EUROTUNNEL, France, July 5 (AFP) Johan Museeuw's GB-MG won the 66.5km team The result meant Englishman Chris Boardman lost his overall lead the day before the race transfers to his native country for the first time in 20 years.
The plan, laid out before a gathering of western and Moslem diplomats by the Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front (JKLF), calls for putting all of Kashmir under UN control for five years.
But before leaving for Geneva, Kozyrev expressed misgivings over the use of some sanctions intended to force the parties in the two-year conflict to lay down their arms.
US Secretary of State Warren Christopher arrived for brief bilateral talks with Kozyrev shortly before the ministerial meeting opened and after meeting senior Bosnian officials.
Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic rejected the proposal as "humiliating" before he had even looked at it in detail, saying it destroyed all chances of survival for the Serbs.
Bosnian Moslem leaders also expressed serious reservations and were in pessimistic mood before leaving for Switzerland.
Judge Tajudeen Odunowo summoned Attorney-General and Justice Minister Olu Onagoruwa to appear before him Thursday "to show why he should not be dealt with according to the law for his repeated failure to comply with the order of this court."
(EUROTUNNEL) Things then got worse when teammate Greg LeMond was hit by mechanical problems before struggling to stay in touch.
"Why not make arrangements before issuing threats," he asked.
The dealer estimated the Fed would have to wait at least until Friday when US unemployment figures for June are to be released, before deciding whether to intervene.
Just before the Kuwait meeting Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Mussa acknowledged there were differences between the eight on the Yemen conflict, but said he hoped to arrive at a "more harmonious" position during the talks.
Right-hand on the Koran, the Islamic holy book, Arafat said: "I swear before God to be faithful to the homeland, to defend the holy sites, to defend the national heritage and to obey the law."
Delors told the joint press conference he was certain that there would be an agreed candidate on July 15, and in a German television interview he hinted that an agreement could come before then, making the summit unnecessary.
According to the SAT-1 station, Kohl is hoping that an agreed candidate could be confirmed in time to allow the cancelling of the summit in the interest of saving costs, even at one hour before it was convened.
A week before polling, the IFP abandoned its boycott and entered the contest.
The Egyptian state prosecutor charged that the militants dogged Fakhry Sirgus, the principal of a Suez language school, for days before stabbing him to death on October 23, 1993.
"Why not make arrangements before issuing threats?"
On Tuesday, Juppe said France was determined to carry out the Rwanda operation as it was originally conceived and accepted by the United Nations and to stick to the deadline - before the end of July - for withdrawal.
It was released two weeks before his arrest.
He was arrested the following month and detained for 16 days before being given bail.
Even before the war broke out on May 5, Yemen had one of the highest infant mortality rates in the world, with 100 out of every 1,000 children never reaching adulthood.
The republics declared their independence before the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991, but the presence of Russian troops is still a bone of contention.
Bosnian Moslem leaders also expressed serious reservations and were in pessimistic mood before leaving for the talks in Geneva.
Sugar's adviser, Nick Hewer, said: "The legal arguments are over and Alan Sugar will stand before the commission and make a layman's plea for leniency."
"We are going to show the world what we can do," he said before going to see Nigeria's second-round match against Italy in Boston.
Forget, once ranked seventh in the world before his stay on the sidelines saw him slump to 1,130th, said: "It seemed that his forehand was not as effective as before, so that's what I went for."
Forget is now back at 213 in the world after winning at Eastbourne and reaching the fourth round at Wimbledon before running into Goran Ivanisevic.
Lawyer kills three, commits suicide in courtroom drama  TEHRAN, July 5 (AFP)  A lawyer went berserk in a divorce court in the Iranian capital on Tuesday shooting dead his wife, mother-in-law and the judge before turning the gun on himself, the official agency IRNA said.
He pulled out a revolver and shot his wife and her mother at point blank range, before killing the judge, Mahmud Mussavi.
Maldini had almost put the Italians ahead seconds before the Nigerian goal when Signori hit a free-kick from the right deep towards goal and the defender only just failed to get a touch.
There has been speculation the envelope might contain a folding knife witnesses have testified O.J. Simpson bought at a Los Angeles cutlery shop a few weeks before the crime.
And it took a spectacular diving catch from Graham Gooch to dismiss Parore, who had scored 71 in a stand of 141 with his mentor before square cutting from DeFreitas Crowe, who blew a kiss to his watching wife, Simone, on reaching three figures on Tuesday morning, said: "It was very special to me to score a century."
He is also due to meet the regional Brandenburg premier Manfred Stolpe before returning to nearby Berlin.
Li Peng is due to continue his journey Thursday to Weimar in eastern Germany and Munich, where he will meet Bavarian premier Edmund Stoiber, before flying to Romania on Saturday.
Security forces discovered and defused the bomb before it could be placed inside the shrine.
The Fed might even decide to wait for such an action by the Bundesbank and the Japanese central bank, and see the reaction of investors toward the dollar before taking any action itself, some analysts say.
But he also stressed that "great care should be taken before unusual actions are taken" to try to reverse the dollar's course.
Speaking before the plan was formally endorsed by the contact group, Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic said in Geneva that it "wouldn't be wise to reject the plan fully.
Clinton emphasizes unity before G7 meeting  WASHINGTON, July 5 (AFP)  President Bill Clinton said Tuesday he would stress the need for economic cooperation at this week's summit of the Group of Seven leading industrialized nations in Naples, Italy.
"We will only act effectively if we act together," he said in a speech several hours before his departure for Europe where he will participate in a G7 summit at Naples.
COSATU said that if Keys was aware before the historic all-race elections in April of the problems which caused him to resign, he should not have accepted such a responsible and sensitive position.
His body will be taken to the Israeli-occupied West Bank on Wednesday before a funeral and burial in Jerusalem, the source added.
Security forces discovered and defused the bomb before it could be placed inside the shrine.
"The prime minister made a point of this before the National Assembly," Giscard said in reference to premier Edouard Balladur.
Originally a Moslem, Dibaj converted to Christianity at 19 and was later imprisoned for nine years before being released on a warning in January.
Chretien leaves Bonn late Wednesday for Rome where he will meet Pope John Paul on Thursday, before going to Naples on Friday for the G7 summit.
Traders had been anticipating the Fed will raise interest rates to bolster the dollar but the market now expects it to wait at least until the latest jobless figures come out Friday before taking the step.
They said the designation, which can be done even 10 years before they acquired the land, infringes their constitutional rights prohibiting compulsory acquisition of any property and guaranteeing privacy.
On Tuesday, he visited sprawling Soweto black township south of Johannesburg, where he inspected an Alliance Francaise-sponsored training centre before laying a wreath on the grave of Hector Pietersen, the 12-year-old who was the first to fall to police bullets in the Soweto uprising of 1976.
There has been speculation the envelope might contain a folding knife witnesses have testified Simpson bought at a Los Angeles shop a few weeks before the crime.
Forget, once ranked fourth in the world before his stay on the sidelines saw him slump to 1,130th, said: "It seemed that his forehand was not as effective as before, so that's what I went for."
Forget is now back at 213 in the world after winning at Eastbourne and reaching the fourth round at Wimbledon before running into Goran Ivanisevic.
Authorities said the Miskitos belong to a group known as Yatama, which led an ethnic uprising on the country's Caribbean coast in the 1980s against the Sandinista government, before demobilizing and taking part in the 1990 general elections.
Mikhailov, who had lied spread-eagled on his back with a towel over his face to concentrate before the shoot-out, stopped penalties from Marcelino Bernal and Jorge Rodriguez.
Bulgaria had never won a World Cup match before they beat Greece 4-0 and Argentina, without the suspended Diego Maradona, 2-0 following a 3-0 defeat to Nigeria in the group games.
Kostadinov headed just over ten minutes before he was denied his penalty and Yordan Letchkov was pulled down by Garcia Aspe just as he looked like breaking through the Mexico back four.
Just before the Kuwait meeting Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Mussa acknowledged there were differences between the eight on the Yemen conflict, but later denied it.
"The fact that I visited the president before I left showed the importance of this to the president," said Ray Mabus, a former governor of Mississippi.
As president of the EU council, Kohl is preparing the ground for a decision at or before a special Brussels summit on July 15 which was called to settle the question.
Authorities said the Miskitos belong to a group known as Yatama, which led an ethnic uprising on the country's Caribbean coast in the 1980s against the Sandinista government, before demobilizing and taking part in the 1990 general elections.
Bulgaria had never won a World Cup match before they beat Greece 4-0 and Argentina, without the suspended Diego Maradona, 2-0 following a 3-0 defeat to Nigeria in their first group match.
Some have speculated from the size of the envelope that it could contain a knife two men said last week Simpson bought six weeks before the murders.
When he had it braided into plaits weeks before the World Cup -- defying clear instructions to the contrary from his mother -- it served only as confirmation that this was going to be his tournament.
Speaking before leaving at the end of a two-day visit to South Africa with President Francois Mitterrand, Alphandery outlined a series of measures agreed in talks with South African President Nelson Mandela and members of the country's first democratically elected government.
"It's the happiest day of my life," Mikhailov, who lay spread-eagled on his back with a towel over his face to concentrate before the shoot-out, said.
Speaking before his departure, Arafat said he would raise with Rabin such questions as the continued release of Palestinian prisoners held by Israel and some unresolved matters in the autonomy accord.
Two Israeli officers on the helicopter pad on the southeastern edge of Gaza were seen to check the passports of some of the people accompanying Arafat before the dawn takeoff.
Right-hand on the Koran, the  Islamic holy book, Arafat said: "I swear before God to be faithful to the  homeland, to defend the holy sites, to defend the national heritage and to  obey the law."
During his stay the PLO chief never went to bed before 4:00 a.m., holding meeting after meeting with Palestinian delegations, leaders of his Fatah faction, PLO staff or the heads of the Palestinian police.
Murayama will be meeting with US President Bill Clinton Friday before a session of all G7 leaders - Britain, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan and the United States.
"The aim of the meeting is to investigate and possibly arrest other people involved in the coup," a senior government official said, adding that all officials attending the meeting were asked to hand over their personal firearms to military police beforehand.
The ambassador is due to meet Deputy Prime Minister Sethy Regenvanu, Economic Affairs Minister Serge Vohor and the heads of foreign diplomatic missions here before returning to Suva next Saturday, officials said.
Foreign ministers from the group will meet before the end of July to discuss the belligerents' response to their proposal.
A year before that, net purchases by the 11 city banks, seven trust banks and three long-term credit banks came to 500 billion yen.
Market players were cautious about action to be taken by central banks of the Group-of-Seven (G7) industrial nations before their annual summit in Naples at the weekend, traders said.
Speaking before his dawn departure from Israel, Arafat said he would raise with Rabin issues such as the release of Palestinian prisoners still held by Israel.
Two Israeli officers on the helicopter pad on the southeastern edge of Gaza were seen to check the passports of some of the people accompanying Arafat before takeoff.
"We will seek confirmation on this from the Cambodian government before we decide on the next course of action," said Anwar.
At a news conference, Gandois also said that an attempt to place half of the Pechiney group with big French investors had failed and a new effort to privatise the company would not be possible before 1996.
Gandois said that he had tried to place half of the capital of the group with big French investors before the company was privatised.
Wattana, deputy leader of the opposition Chart Thai party, denounced the US allegations as "groundless" during a televised speech before the House Wednesday.
The Thais arrived in Cambodia Friday and were welcomed by Sin Song's secretary the day before government forces prevented some 200 rebel soldiers, travelling in a convoy of 12 armoured personnel carriers and five trucks, from advancing on the capital.
The question is are they ready to sign a peace agreement with Israel before the other Arab states?"
He was released on a warning in January, several days before the murder of his supporter Hovsepian.
Anwar said Kuala Lumpur would seek confirmation of the prince's denial with the Cambodian government and King Sihanouk before "we decide on the next course of action."
Dibaj, who converted from Islam to Christianity, had been imprisoned for nine years for an "offence against Islam" before his release in January.
Further, the group said the two factions "lured underage boys to Ethiopian refugee camps before 1991 for 'education', where they were held separate from their families in order to train them as soldiers."
"The question is are they ready to sign a peace agreement with Israel before the other Arab states.
At S.G. Warburg and Co. GmbH, Stefan Schneider said that the Bundesbank "does not want to reduce its repurchase rate in an aggressive way before the summer holiday because it does not want to provoke speculation about a cut in key rates".
If the repurchase rate fell markedly until it was close to the discount rate, the Bundesbank would have to reduce the discount rate for technical reasons at one of the two meetings of the central council of the bank which are to be held before the summer holiday, he said.
Schneider said that the bank was unlikely to cut the discount and Lombard rates before the summer holiday because a reduction would be difficult to justify in view of the rate of growth of the M3 money supply.
During their occupation of the building, which lasted nearly 15 hours, they freed most of the 23 employees, before giving themselves up after negotiating with Kohl's top aide for the security services, Bernd Schmidbauer.
He worked for General Motors in New York before serving in the navy in World War II.
The president of the Thomson group Alain Gomez said that he had suggested to the governmment that Thomson CSF, which makes professional and military electronic equipment, and Thomson SA, be merged before the group was privatised.
Gomez told a meeting of analysts that a merger would not be possible before "an improvement in the situation of the balance sheet of TCE Thomson Consumer Electronics".
The president of the Thomson group Alain Gomez said that he had suggested to the governmment that Thomson CSF, which makes professional and military electronic equipment, and Thomson SA be merged before the group was privatised.
Gomez told a meeting of analysts that a merger would not be possible before "an improvement in the situation of the balance sheet of TCE Thomson Consumer Electronics."
Patnaik said Japan was soon to build a plant in New Delhi to give vapour heat treatment to the fruit before it is put on ships.
Clinton, who has been suitably vague on the subject of the US currency's fortunes, assured the markets that he was not leaning on the dollar, but he also warned that "great care should be taken before unusual actions are taken."
"The mission to Europe on which I embark tonight is simple: to create jobs in a world of prosperity," Clinton said before his departure Tuesday from Washington.
But shortly before Clinton's arrival, his Russian counterpart mooted further delays in the withdrawal of his forces from Estonia and Latvia, warning the pullbacks would only take place when the rights of Russian speaking minorities there were guaranteed.
The republics declared their independence before the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991, but the presence of Russian troops is still a najor bone of contention.
That last meeting was in Cairo before a crowd of 2,000 invited guests.
Issues not resolved before the Cairo signing were expected to be on the agenda Wednesday in the French capital.
"The question is are they ready to sign a peace agreement with Israel before the other Arab states.
The Russian lost the first set before winning 2-6, 6-2, 6-3 and now plays Austrian hard-man Thomas Muster, who saw off Javier Sanchez of Spain 6-4, 6-0.
Shortly before he arrived, his Russian counterpart mooted further delays in the withdrawal of troops from Estonia and Latvia, saying it would only take place when the rights of Russian-speaking minorities there were guaranteed.
The republics declared their independence before the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991.
Kuala Lumpur said it would seek confirmation of the prince's denial with the Cambodian government and King Sihanouk before deciding on the next course of action.
In a brief speech before the contingent left, Iddrisu urged the men to uphold the high standards set by Ghana in UN peace-keeping missions.
reopens (PARIS) The "Pechiney affair" became public in early 1989, when it was learned that a handful of insiders has bought large number of shares, at 10 dollars apiece, in US firm Triangle just a few days before Pechiney Group - interested in Triangle's packaging subsidiary - bought Triangle shares for as much as 55 dollars each.
Benaziza, a member of the local NPR branch in Annaba, was sitting with friends at a terrace cafe when several men shot him to death before fleeing, the newspaper said.
Cosmetics, frowned upon before China launched its economic reforms in 1979, are now increasingly popular.
Heilbronner had forecast in February that net profits would exceed 700 million francs (125 million dollars) in 1994, and in June, shortly before he was replaced by Bonnaud, he had spoken of a "notable increase" in profits this year.
Yates then stopped by the side of the road to embrace members of his waiting family before setting off again.
That last meeting was in Cairo before a crowd of 2,000 invited guests.
It will stop in Camp Lejeune, North Carolina to pick up 1,800 soldiers before it arrives in Haiti sometime early next week to join eight other US Navy vessels already there.
"We are on the verge of starting serious negotiations between the two concerned parties soon, during this month," King Hussein told a news conference before leaving Alexandria.
Westerhof has never used Efan Ekoku, the forward who plays for Norwich City of England, or Monaco's Victor Ikpeba, Belgian player of the year before his move from Liege.
The RPF has said it intends to clean up the city before allowing people to return to their homes.
If the High Court believes there is a case to answer, which Eurotunnel must establish, the case will then go "straight to the European court", said the spokewoman, adding the preliminary hearing would take place before the end of next week.
Four US amphibious ships departed Wednesday from Norfolk, Viriginia with 1,800 sailors aboard before stopping in Camp Lejeune, North Carolina to pick up 2,000 marines and then heading on to Haiti.
Abiola's lawyer Alao Aka-Bashorun demanded that the court respect two injunctions produced by the federal high court which demanded that Abiola be brought before it.
Dollar at 1.5665 marks - lowest in a year and a half  LONDON, July 6 (AFP)  The dollar sagged on Wednesday to its lowest level against the German mark in a year and a half, trading briefly at 1.5665 marks before rallying slightly to 1.5680 in late afternoon compared with 1.5840 marks Tuesday evening in London.
The Coleccion Deportiva newspaper said 63 per cent of 209 first division players interviewed believed drug-taking was widespread, although only three per cent said they had actually taken stimulants before a match.
The Italian coach admitted he had begun to think about going home before Baggio finally lived up to his billing as the world's number one player.
"I never thought about it during the match but just before the goal it passed through my mind and I felt very sorry because we would not have deserved to have been eliminated."
Iraq must recognise Kuwaiti borders before sanctions lifted: UN  KUWAIT CITY, July 6 (AFP)  UN disarmament chief Rolf Ekeus said Wednesday that international sanctions against Iraq would stay in place until Baghdad recognised Kuwait's sovereignty, the official Kuwaiti news agency KUNA said.
Called before the National Assembly by the Socialists, Pasqua said he had ordered an investigation and would take "whatever measures are warranted" by the results of the probe.
Prosecutors argued that between 9:40 and 11:00 p.m. Simpson went to the nearby home of his ex-wife Nicole, where he fatally stabbed her and her friend, Ronald Goldman, before returning home in time to catch a limousine to the airport.
In Berlin Wednesday evening, Berlin's mayor Eberhard Diepgen told the premier before he signed the book for honoured guests: "Without free will and freedom of opinion there can be no free market."
In its report on North America, Amnesty raised questions about Washington's refusal to allow Haitian asylum-seekers to have their cases heard before sending them back.
Dibaj, who converted from Islam to Christianity, had been imprisoned for nine years for an "offence against Islam" before his release in January.
Some analysts believed the Fed might act at the meeting to raise short interest rates to offset the dollar's slide, but most now regard US action on interest rates unlikely before the start of the Group of Seven summit in Naples Friday.
In another sign of pressure, four US amphibious ships departed Wednesday from Norfolk, Viriginia with 1,800 sailors aboard before stopping in Camp Lejeune, North Carolina to pick up 2,000 Marines and then heading on to Haiti.
England players Martin McCague and Craig White both played for Australia's Under-19 side before coming to this country to appear at senior international level.
The decision was taken before then, and Lambson will be able to continue umpiring on an international basis until the end of September.
He is replaced by fellow countryman Cyril Mitchley - and it will be a busy time for the ICC panel with 36 Tests and 71 one-day internationals scheduled before the beginning of the next English season.
Some analysts believed the Fed might act at the meeting to raise short-term interest rates to offset the dollar's slide, but most now regard US action on interest rates unlikely before the start of the Group of Seven summit in Naples Friday.
The government however suggested a thorough review of BBC finance before 2001 and strongly recommended it develop its commercial activities, especially the sale of programmes abroad.
Thorpe, out of favour for the test series with New Zealand, hit an unbeaten 145 as Surrey piled up an impressive 343 for six before Lancashire slumped to 218 all out with more than 10 overs remaining.
Mark Lathwell and Marcus Trescothick gave Somerset a brisk start and put 24 runs on the board before a thunderstorm forced the tie into a second day.
The record-breaking West Indian, given the last nine days off for tiredness, hit three boundaries before chipping Alan Mullally straight to mid-wicket.
Benson and Hedges Cup finalists Worcestershire, facing Warwickshire in Saturday's Lord's showdown, reached 36 for one before rain washed out play for the day after just 17.1 overs in their tie against Nottinghamshire at New Road.
The weather also played havoc at Cardiff with Glamorgan reaching 162 for three against Essex before rain halted play after 36.4 overs.
Youngsters Tim Hancock and Matt Windows also had trouble against the pace pair before Hancock fell to Shaw with Matthews holding a falling catch at deep mid-off.
Burns, aged 37, won a host of honours with Celtic before moving to Kilmarnock where as player-manager he guided the side into the Premier League and then to a Scottish Cup semi-final last season.
Some analysts believed the Fed might act at the meeting to raise short-term interest rates, but most now regard US action on interest rates unlikely before the start of the Group of Seven summit in Naples Friday.
In an incident before the banquet senior US officials, including White House adviser David Gergen, had to intervene when a Polish official snatched the accreditation of two US photographers and tried to stop them passing.
The two photographers had been involved in a row with a local cameraman before the press conference and been manhandled by Polish security.
"Without the supply of arms to warring factions, it is impossible for them to continue to prosecute the war," said the Anglican archbishop of southern Africa at Monrovia airport shortly before leaving the war- ravaged state.
Tutu said before returning to his home in South Africa that he had received "special commitment from Taylor for an immediate ceasefire" and "a person-to-person meeting with Kpormakpor as soon as possible to discuss urgent state matters."
He urged that training sessions be open at least once before their quarter-final matches in the competition.
Meanwhile, Simpson's longtime friend who drove him in the low-speed police chase on Los Angeles freeways on June 17 before the football star surrendered is due in court July 15 when prosecutors will decide whether to press charges against him.
The talks, following negotiations earlier in the day, began shortly before midnight and were due to be joined by Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin later, the sources said.
In Berlin itself city mayor Eberhard Diepgen also told the premier before he signed the book for honoured guests: "Without free will and freedom of opinion there can be no free market."
Despite the increased jobless rate, the number of people in employment rose by 19,000 to an adjusted 7.882 million in June from 7.863 million the month before.
The proportion of people of working age who have a job or are looking for one increased to an adjusted 62.9 percent in June from 62.6 percent the month before, the bureau said.
They peaked in the late 1970s before declining rapidly in the 1980s, coinciding with the use of unleaded petrol.
There is a high possibility that Japan-South Korea summit talks will take place before (the) inter-Korean summit," he said.
But Parreira had to backtrack before their July 4 second round match against the United States.
Dollar rises in Tokyo  TOKYO, July 7 (AFP)  The dollar rose on the Tokyo foreign exchange market on Thursday in quiet trading before the summit of the Group of Seven (G7) industrialised nations in Naples.
Investors stayed on the sidelines before the summit meeting of the G7 countries -- Britain, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan and the United States.
Authorities said the plane flew too close to a burning hill and failed to gain height before crashing.
But Russia had already made great strides "and things are half as bad as they were before," he said.
He will also meet with President Roman Herzog before making a private visit to Bavaria next week.
These committees "did not exist before and will advance the second stage of the Palestinian question," Rabin said without giving details.
But he said the Bapindo executives should have closely examined the credit proposals before issuing such a huge loan.
He asserted that Nasreen was a fugitive and "it is for her to prove her innocence before a court of law."
Dollar remains weak before Bundesbank meeting  LONDON, July 7 (AFP)  The dollar remained vulnerable, particularly against the mark, on Thursday morning because investors were reluctant to buy it before a Bundesbank meeting later in the day and the start of the G7 summit, dealers said.
Acting chairman Oscar deBrum confirmed the tribunal does not have enough money to satisfy all claims before it.
It added that the decision to dismiss both men was taken before the completion of an investigation into the matter.
Called before the National Assembly by the Socialists Wednesday, Interior Minister Charles Pasqua said he had ordered an investigation and would take "whatever measures are warranted" by the results of the probe.
Balladur greeted Arafat on the steps outside the residence, shaking the PLO leader's hand before the two went inside for discussions.
he demanded before the line was cut.
Witnesses said northern troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh had disarmed the southern policemen in the area and taken down their badge numbers, before letting them go if they offered no resistance.
Quoting a Shenzhen official, it said the blaze at the Hualian Products factory in the Pinghu industrial area flared shortly before dawn and spread quickly through the three-storey plant.
The parliamentary meeting will come one day before the warring parties -- the Moslem-Croat federation and the breakaway Bosnian Serbs -- give their formal answer to the peace package put together by the United States, Russia and European countries.
he demanded before the line was cut.
Witnesses said northern troops had disarmed the southern policemen in the area and taken down their badge numbers, before letting them go if they offered no resistance.
PAL Employees Association (PALEA) president Mario Santos told AFP the union filed a strike notice with the Labor Department, as required by law, which provides a 15-day "cooling-off period" before industrial action can be taken.
But he said the union would wait for the Labor Department's ruling before setting a date for the start of the strike.
Clinton began the day with his usual jog before laying wreaths at the tomb of the unknown soldiers and at the memorial to the insurgents of the Jewish ghetto in Warsaw in 1943.
(changing dateline) Japanese premier plans to visit South Korea: reports  TOKYO, July 7 (AFP)  Japan's new prime minister Tomiichi Murayama plans to  visit South Korea on July 16 for talks with President Kim Young-Sam a week before the inter-Korean summit, reports said Thursday.
There is a high possibility that a Japan-South Korea summit will take place before the inter-Korean summit," the spokesman Choo Don-Shik said.
Japanese reports also said Murayama is planning to visit Southeast Asia in September and later the United States before attending the UN General Assembly in New York, also in September.
Only last week in France did Hill look like offering any challenge to Schumacher, running close behind him for the first third of the race, before being beaten by Benetton's better refuelling tactics.
Damon's late father, world champion Graham Hill, "never won a British Grand Prix because of bad luck," he said, and he would like to remedy that for the Hill family - especially as he led last year's race before retiring.
"I am hopeful that Garry will also come to India so that a summit meeting can be organised," said Sanghi, adding he had consulted FIDE before launching his peace moves.
He invested 100,000 thousand dollars he had saved before 1990 in the construction of a rather unimposing three-storey hotel on a small plot of land he says is worth 200,000 dollars.
he demanded before the line was cut.
Witnesses said northern troops had disarmed the southern policemen in the area and taken down their badge numbers, before letting them go if they offered no resistance.
Full deployment was not expected before next week, Commander Eric Chaperon added.
It stressed that both men were being transferred even before the conclusion of an official inquiry into an alleged spying incident last month which is causing controversy in France.
Summoned to appear before the National Assembly -- parliament -- by the Socialists on Wednesday, Interior Minister Charles Pasqua said he had ordered an investigation and would take "whatever measures are warranted" by the results of the probe.
These committees "did not exist before and will advance the second stage of the Palestinian question," Rabin said without giving details.
Charlton and his squad were to be brought by two helicopters to Phoenix Park, where they will be greeted by President Mary Robinson before going on stage to receive around 100,000 fans' acclaim.
Most financial experts were not expecting another cut in the German rates, but are unsure what the Bundesbank will do at its next meeting on July 21, the last one before the summer break.
"It must be understood that we are not starting a new peace initiative," he said minutes before meeting separately with the presidents of Angola, Zaire and Mozambique.
"Nevertheless, last year we won NatWest games away to both Lancashire and Essex before messing up things - at home - to Sussex in the Quarter-Final.
The parliamentary meeting will come one day before the warring parties -- the Moslem-Croat federation and the breakaway Bosnian Serbs -- give their formal answer to the peace package put together by the United States, Russia and European countries.
World leaders to focus on trade, dollar before admitting Yeltsin by Denis Demonpion  NAPLES, Italy, July 7 (AFP)  Unemployment, trade and the dollar are set to dominate the G7 summit opening here on Friday which will admit Russia for the first time to political talks on Bosnia and other international issues.
He disagreed with legislator Marvin Cheung's fear of "possible chaos and a vacuum of power" in the weeks immediately before the handover.
"For me to give them up before five years are over would not be the right thing to do, would not be widely understood in Hong Kong or beyond, and would involve me in breaking my word to the people of Hong Kong," he said.
Israel and the PLO finally agreed to recognise each other before the Declaration of Principles was signed in Washington on September 13, 1993.
One would examine issues unresolved before the Cairo agreement, such as the release of the Palestinian prisoners still in Israeli jails.
The officials said that in talks with the United States on controlling trade in strategic products late last month, Washington requested that Taipei enforce restrictions before the end of this year.
The 29-year-old Frenchman, who reached a career-high fourth in the world rankings before the onset of knee problems, came through 4-6, 6-3, 6-2 and now faces compatriot Arnaud Boetsch on Friday.
Progress since has been rapid, with the Swiss-based player reaching the quarter-finals at Wimbledon before being knocked out by eventual finalist Goran Ivanisevic.
Boon, meanwhile, clarified reports that the firms already had firm estimates of the oil, gas and condensate reserves in the Camago- Malampaya field, saying that Shell was still waiting for the results of the drilling of a crucial fifth well, Malampaya 4, before coming up with exact figures.
The session will come one day before the warring parties -- the Moslem-Croat federation and the breakaway Bosnian Serbs -- are called on to give their formal response to the peace package put together by the United States, Russia and European countries working through a contact group.
He will also meet with President Roman Herzog before making a private visit to Bavaria next week.
Mieno will also visit France and the Czech Republic before returning to Tokyo on July 15, the officials said.
However, the number of people in employment rose by 19,000 to an adjusted 7.882 million in June from 7.863 million the month before.
The proportion of people of working age either in a job or actively looking for one increased to an adjusted 62.9 percent in June from 62.6 percent the month before, the bureau said.
he demanded before the line was cut.
Witnesses said northern troops had disarmed the southern policemen in the area and taken down their badge numbers, before letting them go if they offered no resistance.
The two sides, composed of roughly 15 members each, will face off again Saturday morning at the US mission before taking a break on Sunday.
he demanded before the line was cut.
Witnesses said northern troops had disarmed the southern policemen in the area and taken down their badge numbers, before letting them go if they offered no resistance.
But the leader's yellow jersey stayed with compatriot Flavio Vanzella at the end of the Tour's two-day run through the English countryside, before the race returns to France.
Coach Kelly makes a quick exit  GOTHENBURG, July 7 (AFP)  Swedish basketball champions Kaercher have lost their American coach Jim Kelly before he even had a chance get mad at anyone.
The president said it was just a matter of time before NATO took in more members, and that when it does, "a democratic Poland will have placed itself among those ready and able to join."
But the parliamentary session will be held on July 18, only one day before the warring parties are to report to the international contact group on whether they accept peace terms or reject them and face sanctions.
People of the opposition movement remember that the East German regime of Erich Honecker, before it was swept aside by the tide of opposition, approved the crushing of the student- and worker-led movement in Tiananmen Square.
reopens (PORTSMOUTH) The riders had the briefest of views of the Solent before heading for the picturesque village of Southwick where Montgomery and Eisenhower planned the D-Day invasion.
When coup leaders came to see him at his vacation residence in the Crimea the night before the revolt, Gorbachev said he told them, "this is silly, you are going to put yourselves and the whole country in danger."
"Market sentiment is still unfavorable to the dollar - but nobody wants to be caught off base before the G7 in case, though it is unlikely, the participants agree to support the dollar", said Gunner.
Summoned to appear before the National Assembly by the Socialists on Wednesday, Pasqua stressed that "this is an isolated, individual initiative, and I deplore it."
Prosecutors argued that between 9:40 and 11:00 p.m. Simpson went to the nearby home of his ex-wife Nicole, where he fatally stabbed her and Goldman, before returning home in time to catch a limousine to the airport.
His ouster before the quarter-final was the first suffered by a seeded player in the five-day 180,000-dollar tournament which features some 300 world-class shuttlers.
The team had finally come before personal glory.
Even before the team was finalised, Romario tried to have Bebeto dropped, wanting instead his best friend Edmundo playing alongside him.
Hill pointed out that in France last weekend he outqualified Nigel Mansell "and the year before I beat Alain Prost I came closer to beating Michael Schumacher than anyone else all year except Ayrton Senna".
he demanded before the line was cut.
Witnesses said northern troops had disarmed the southern policemen in the area and taken down their badge numbers, before letting them go if they offered no resistance.
The provisional squad will be updated throughout the season, based on fitness and form, beforeit is pruned to a likely 26-man squad for the World Cup next summer.
In a solid workout for Saturday's Benson and Hedges Cup final, Hick hammered 97 out of a total of 263 for six before Nottinghamshire were shot out for 174 at New Road.
Coach Berti Vogts dropped the 33-year-old Brehme for the second round match with Belgium, but Matthaus had told Vogts beforehand that if he could not finish the game then Brehme would take over as sweeper.
Diego Maradona had been set to play a record-breaking 22nd game against the Bulgarians in Argentina's last group game before he was suspended for drugs.
Another 156 Ghanian UN troops are due to arrive over the weekend, though the full reinforcements promised by the UN Security Council to the UN mission are not expected to arrive before September.
Francois Karera, the prefect of Kigali, said between 200,000 and 300,000 people fled the capital overnight Sunday before its capture by the RPF and tens of thousands of them had headed for Rushashi.
But when Cruyff backed out over money the federation had to go cap in hand to Advocaat just before Christmas.
"They say that before treatment should take place -- and this was approved by parliament - the child's welfare must be considered, including the need of that child for a father.
The drugs from Turkey, which were seized while being openly sold, were stored in Romania before being sent to Germany by lorry, via Hungary and the Czech Republic, said German police.
Britain announces further cut in Gibraltar military presence  LONDON, July 7 (AFP)  Britain is to make greater-than-expected cuts in its military presence in Gibraltar before the end of the decade, the Defence Ministry announced Thursday.
The Pentagon would not comment on the exercises by the Navy Seals and Army Rangers, who carried out similar maneuovers before the US invasion of Panama in 1989.
The Pentagon would not comment on the exercises by the Navy Seals and Army Rangers, who carried out similar maneuovers before the US invasion of Panama in 1989.
In September 1972, both sides engaged in a month's armed conflict, before the Arab League stepped in to broker a peace accord, which was coolly received by the pro-Saudis in the north.
In January 1986, the south was rocked by a failed coup, before Ali Salem al Baid took office.
The DTI spokesman said the matter was being handled "in accordance with normal practice" in such cases and the DTI would await the report of the inspectors -- an independent lawyer and accountant -- before taking a decision on further action.
Filming starts in August, nine months before Tyson's scheduled release from an Indiana prison on a rape conviction.
I just want it out of the way before we get down to business."
"I've never made 11 birdies in a round before.
If documents are not produced individuals are taken before the local militant leader.
"Military activity in Bosnia over the past month has on several occasions reached the same level as that observed before the ceasefire," Chaperon said.
Baid declared a separate state on May 21 but is reported to have fled the country before the north triumphed on Thursday.
Money was provided to "various terrorist groups in Iraq...to encourage such strife before the Gulf War," and "to Egypt and other Gulf countries in an effort to support anti-Semitic attacks and activities against Jewish settlers in Israel and major Jewish organizations within the United States," the affidavit added.
Wildes said the Federal Bureau of Investigation was investigating Khilewi's allegation that a Saudi agent visited him after his May 17 letter offering him a bribe before telling him that his wife and children would be in danger if he did not meet with Bandar.
Jovanovic will meet Nzo's deputy, Aziz Pahad, and officials from the ruling African National Congress before leaving.
South Africa established diplomatic relations with Yugoslavia, which now consists of Serbia and Montenegro, in April 1992, two years' before the historic all-race election that ended white rule.
Dollar weak ahead of US employment data  LONDON, July 8 (AFP)  The dollar remained weak in thin nervous trading on foreign exchange markets early Friday, with few investors willing to take positions before publication of US June employment figures, dealers said.
He is due to meet Korean President Kim Young Sam on Monday, two weeks before the summit between the leaders of North and South Korea, and will also meet Trade Minister Kim Chul-Soo and Foreign Minister Han Sung-Joo in Seoul.
The boat driver lost control and the wave smashed the boat against the concrete pillar, breaking it in two before it sank with most of the passengers, she was quoted as saying.
Shares higher as market holds breath for US figures  LONDON, July 8 (AFP)  Share prices in Paris and London were slightly higher on Friday morning, firming in quiet trading before the release of the US June employment data, dealers said.
(incorporating G7-US) Clinton meets Murayama for trade talks by Graham Brown  NAPLES, Italy, July 8 (AFP) US President Bill Clinton met the Japanese Prime Minister, Tomiichi Murayama, here Friday for the first time for talks on bilateral trade problems before the opening of a Group of Seven summit.
The US president was also scheduled to meet Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien and British Prime Minister John Major before the dinner marking the opening of the summit.
He also began fighting corruption before he was voted out of office by the republic's conservative parliament in a no-confidence vote on September 21.
After 30 years as a communist apparatchik in Ukraine, Kravchuk held down the job of ideology chief before becoming the republic's effective leader in July 1990 as chairman of the Kiev parliament.
The Levine visit coincides with the opening of talks in Geneva Friday between Washington and Pyongyang on the North Korean nuclear standoff, and comes less than three weeks before the first-ever summit between North and South Korea, scheduled for Pyongyang July 25-27.
They were speaking several hours before the opening Friday evening of a summit of seven leading industrialised countries (G7) here, at which the recent fall in the value of the dollar was expected to be discussed.
The FAO said that even before the outbreak of war in April, Rwanda's food deficit for 1994 was assessed at about one million tonnes, due to drought and population displacement following earlier conflicts.
They were speaking hours before the opening of a summit of seven leading industrialised countries (G7) here at which the recent fall in the value of the dollar was expected to be discussed.
Soft, long-term loans, tax breaks, duty exemption on technology imports, subsidies on the manufacture of solar, biomass (using vegetable matter as a source of energy) and wind energy systems, as well as a return of 12 percent on investment, are all being dangled before entrepreneurs.
Not long ago large firms used to send out their own head-hunters to universities before the end of the year in search of promising young talent to fill vacancies, but this has changed.
The parliamentary assembly which opened Tuesday is to adopt a declaration on security, human rights, the former Yugoslavia and economic issues before ending later Friday.
UN seeks to renew Bosnia ceasefire on eve of expiration by Francis Curta  SARAJEVO, July 8 (AFP)  With only 24 hours to go before the end of a month-long ceasefire in Bosnia, UN officials Friday were urgently seeking its extension as UN soldiers continued to monitor its countless violations.
Despite current ceasefire violations, notably in the north of the country, "we have less military activity than before the agreement," according to UN Protection Force spokesman (UNPROFOR) Commander Eric Chaperon.
The regions, or laender, have already banned all slaughter of British cattle imported before July 1, 1990, when a ban on feed containing suspect animal matter went into force in Britain.
One senior US official who declined to be named said that one option for consideration was the launch of a new round of multilateral trade negotiations among the G7 countries or a broader group of industrialised countries before the matter was taken to all of the GATT contracting parties.
Japan calls for forex action, but US is cool by Graham Brown  NAPLES, Italy, July 8 (AFP)  Japan called for joint action to stabilise exchange rates but a senior US official said that the G7 summit would take no decisions on coordinated action, in remarks on Friday hours before the summit began.
INRO's members are scheduled to meet in Kuala Lumpur from July 12 to July 14 in a last ditch bid to narrow their differences before negotiating on the new accord in Geneva in October.
It was holding about 220,000 tonnes before Friday's sell-off.
"We're not particularly close off the field but on it we know each other like brothers," the FC Porto striker who is set to move to Atletico Madrid before the start of next season, said.
Li will begin meetings with leaders here on Monday and will sign bilateral accords Tuesday before his departure.
The 150.7-tonne 88 Princess, based in Cebu, sank before dawn Thursday in rough waters in the Mindanao Sea between Negros and Siquijor islands with a cargo of flour and animal feed.
Balladur would also hold talks beforehand with UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali.
Vladimir Mukusev became a household name during the perestroika period just before the collapse of communism, when he worked for the popular television show Vzgliad.
She said he called her Wednesday, an hour before he was due to meet with his sources and said he was being followed but was going to the meeting anyway.
   Friday, July 8 (since 0300 GMT)     NAPLES, Italy: Japan called for joint action to stabilise exchange rates  but a senior US official said that the G7 summit of leading industrialised  nations would take no decisions on coordinated action, in remarks hours before  the summit began.
(AFP)     SARAJEVO: Less than 24 hours before the end of a month-long ceasefire in  Bosnia, UN officials sought its extension as UN soldiers continued to monitor  its countless violations.
The two leaders had held their first meeting earlier on Friday before the opening of the summit of seven leading industrialised countries later in the day.
The DTI spokesman said the matter was being handled "in accordance with normal practice" in such cases and the DTI would await the report of the inspectors -- an independent lawyer and accountant -- before taking a decision on further action.
He was speaking after a meeting between US President Bill Clinton and Japanese Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama before the opening of a summit of the seven leading industrialised countries (G7) here.
Aluminium jumped to a 39-month closing high, since March 1991, on Monday at 1,520 dollars per tonne, but fell during the week before rising on Friday on a substantial 20,125 tonne downdraw in weekly stocks to 2,587,750 tonnes.
Under that agreement, all of the peninsula's artefacts were to be returned to Egypt before the end of 1994.
An official statement said Balladur would also hold talks beforehand with UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali.
Murayama, in one of his first statements after becoming prime minister, had said that forign policy would be continued along the same lines as before.
He said that nothing should be done with interest rates which might impede economic recovery, in remarks shortly before the opening of the summit of leading industrialised countries (G7) here.
He urged that last year's Uruguay Round agreement of GATT trade talks should be implemented before the end of the year.
US President Bill Clinton, speaking just before the start of a Group of Seven (G-7) summit of industrialised countries, said it would be a mistake to over-react to the current weakness of the dollar against the yen.
An official statement issued Friday said Balladur would also hold talks beforehand with UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali.
The route paid homage to the Allied D-Day landings, passing the Normandy beaches after the start at Cherbourg, before heading west to Rennes.
He said before the G7 meeting to start in the evening that "I urge my G7 colleagues to review and analyze the remaining trade and investment barriers, and to report back to the United States in Halifax next year" at the next Group of Seven summit parley - to be held in Canada.
But certain operators saw such statements as a possible trap aimed at lulling (or gulling) operators before a G7 declaration of support for the dollar followed by massive market intervention as of Monday morning.
Arafat to visit Saudi Arabia  TUNIS, July 8 (AFP)  PLO chairman Yasser Arafat will travel to Saudi Arabia late Friday for his last foreign visit before returning "definitively" to the self- rule territories of Gaza and Jericho, a Palestinian official said here.
A special FIFA committee will meet in Geneva before the end of August to consider what further action should be taken against Maradona who has been banned from football until the hearing.
Security fears before the start of the World Cup USA 94 have proved unfounded said Blatter.
On the plane from Sweden, Dahlin said, flight attendants kept calling him O.J. And that was before the dramatic Los Angeles car chase that ended in Simpson's arrest on charges he murdered his wife and a male friend.
"I hadn't really thought about it beforehand.
The United States has asked that Taiwan send a tariff item list to parliament for review before October 1, and that reductions be implemented before next January.
Procter, who had no wish to be drawn into a row against the county he played for between 1965 and 1981 said: "We need to get in more batting before we fly up to Scotland.
Voller, at 34 the oldest player in Germany's squad, had time to rest his legs before their quarter-final against Bulgaria Saturday.
The bond market will have to rally before the dollar can rise, she said.
He will also meet Israeli President Ezer Weizman, before returning to Cyprus by sea Wednesday, CNA said.
"No agreement on defence exists between us and neither government has shown interest in inking such a deal," Moravcik told reporters before his departure later Friday.
Despite regular ceasefire violations since then, notably in the north of the former Yugoslav republic, "we have less military activity than before the agreement," UN Protection Force spokesman (UNPROFOR) Commander Eric Chaperon said earlier Friday in Sarajevo.
The president was speaking shortly before leaders of the Group of Seven (G7) leading industrialised nations began their annual economic summit with a dinner hosted by Italy's new Premier Silvio Berlusconi.
UN special envoy to the former Yugoslavia Yasushi Akashi, who travelled Friday to Mostar and Pale for separate talks with Bosnian federation and Bosnian Serb leaders, was to spend the night in Sarajevo before resuming talks in Mostar on Saturday, the official said.
Organisers, hopeful the county will settle the problem, said they will wait until January before making a final decision about the venue.
Barbados Prime Minister Erskine Sandiford had said before the meeting of the Caribbean Community (Caricom) that leaders would take "strong" position on ending the crisis in Haiti, which began with the 1991 coup.
"This time we want the quarter-finals," he said before USA '94.
He also urged them to study new ways of lowering barriers to trade and investments, plus telecommunications, over the coming 12 months before the next G7 summit of leading industrialised nations in Halifax, Canada.
A British official said US officials had discussed the "Open Markets 2000" initiative with Britain before making it public.
He said it would be better to properly apply the Uruguay Round of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) before starting a new trade initiative.
Analysts said employers were still nervous about the recovery and wanted to wait before making permanent hires.
We're not going to do anything stupid the night before a match, but it is also important to relax."
The factory, located in the Mansurah district in northwestern Aden, was first hit by several rockets before being burned to the ground.
The brewery, which opened in 1981 with the assistance of the now defunct East German government, employed 200 people and produced a million half-litre bottles per month, under the label Seera, before civil war broke out May 5.
All the clergy who left made funding claims under measures approved last year -- including resettlement payments, housing subsidies and other grants -- before the ordination of the first women priests this spring.
The plane unloaded two of the seven bodies in Trapani, Sicily, before flying on to Naples' military airport where President Oscar Luigi Scalfaro, Foreign Minister Antonio Martino and the families of the five other victims were present.
Earlier this week, the defense gave the judge a sealed envelope which some speculated might contain a knife Simpson bought six weeks before the murders.
"This team has been much stronger mentally than Swedish teams before.
"It's what the team wants before every game."
He left the dining room of Naples' Palazzo dell'Ovo more than an hour before the dinner ended, and was examined by a doctor on standby.
The Japanese leader left the dining room of Naples' Palazzo dell'Ovo more than an hour before the three-hour dinner ended, and was examined by a doctor on standby.
The Prime Minister left the dining room of Naples' Palazzo dell'Ovo more than an hour before the G7 leaders ended their three-hour dinner, hosted by Italy's Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.
Christian-Jaque -- real name Christian Maudet -- collapsed shortly before lunch and failed to regain consciousness.
Saleh, a member of the powerful northern Hashed tribe, was leader of conservative and tribal North Yemen for 12 years before it was merged with the former Marxist South Yemen.
Regarded as pro-Saudi, Saleh was appointed chief-of-staff before being elected head of state by a constituent assembly on July 17, 1978.
(NEW YORK) German captain Lothar Matthaus, who needed a pain-killing injection for a stitched right instep before his last two games, was ready to play.
Diego Maradona had been set to play a record-breaking 22nd game against the Bulgarians in Argentina's last group game before he was suspended for drugs.
All the clergy who left made claims under measures approved last year, including resettlement payments, housing subsidies and other grants, before the ordination of the first women priests earlier this year.
Russia's President Yeltsin was to join the summitteers for dinner talks before attending the non-economic part of the meeting on Sunday, in what has been billed as a historic step in Russian integration into Europe.
Kim's death came 17 days before he was to have met with South Korean President Kim Young-Sam at a historic first-ever inter-Korean summit in the North Korean capital of Pyongyang.
"It's a very troubling thing, particularly given Algeria's history and strategic location," Clinton told a press conference here before the summit opened.
The couple went on to produce a film which took top honors at a Moscow film festival before they escaped back to the South.
There is no change in the government's position on securing peace," the South Korean president said before chairing the security council meeting.
(pictures) Kim Il-Sung dead -- South Korean military on full alert by Zeno Park  SEOUL, July 9 (AFP)  North Korean President Kim Il-Sung, 82, the world's last hardline Stalinist leader, died early Friday of a heart attack, 17 days before he was to have held a first-ever summit with South Korea, Pyongyang Radio announced.
Kim's death came amidst an international standoff over suspicions that the North was developing nuclear weapons, and less than three weeks before he was to have met with South Korean President Kim Young-Sam at a historic inter-Korean summit in Pyongyang.
They posed for photographs before entering into talks.
The other track is an unprecedented all-Korean summit set before Kim's death for July 25-27, the first since the Korean ended in 1953.
Kim Young-Sam expresses regret, shock at Kim Il-Sung's death  SEOUL, July 9 (AFP)  South Korean President Kim Young-Sam expressed shock and regret Saturday that his North Korean counterpart Kim Il-Sung had died before they could hold the first-ever intra-Korean summit later this month in Pyongyang.
Despite regular violations since then, notably in the north of the former Yugoslav republic, Chaperon on Friday said "we have less military activity than before the agreement."
Bomb defused in front of Milan stock exchange  MILAN, Italy, July 9 (AFP)  A bomb placed in front of the Milan stock exchange was defused minutes before it was set to explode Saturday, police chief Michele Serra announced.
There were several scuffles between settlers and security forces before an agreement was reached between the settlers' council and military officials.
G7 foreign ministers to discuss North Korea  NAPLES, Italy, July 9 (AFP)  Foreign ministers of the Group of Seven industrial nations meeting here Saturday are to discuss the situation in North Korea following the death of its veteran communist leader Kim Il Sung the day before, a British spokesman said.
French President Francois Mitterrand called Friday for a post-Uruguay Round "pause" before any new trade initiatives were launched.
But government officials did not rule out the possibility that Kim Il- Sung's death might have been the result of a power struggle, pointing to the fact that Kim died the same day that US-North Korea high-level talks resumed and only 17-days before he was to have held an historic summit with the South.
Only a few months (before the summit proposal) ago it would have been the opposite.
Japanese Socialist Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama sent his condolences, while South Korean President Kim Young-Sam expressed regret and shock that Kim had died before the summit could take place.
Only a few months (before the summit proposal) ago it would have been the opposite: the hard-liner, the man with the Bomb."
Williams-Renault's British driver Damon Hill came third in 1:26.891 before Sunday's race.
Arafat would return to the PLO's Tunis headquarters Sunday and attend an official farewell ceremony Monday before leaving the same day for the self-rule areas of Gaza and Jericho, where he will head the Palestinian Authority, Tunisian officials said.
But he rediscovered some form at Wimbeldon, reaching the quarter- finals before losing to eventual finalist Goran Ivanisevic.
All southern leaders covered by amnesty: Iryani  DUBAI, July 9 (AFP)  All southern separatist leaders are covered by a general amnesty announced by the authorities in Sanaa, including 16 who were excluded before, Yemeni Planning Minister Abdelkarim al-Iryani said in a statement published Saturday.
Japanese Socialist Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama sent his condolences, while South Korean President Kim Young-Sam expressed regret and shock that Kim had died before their summit could take place.
Only a few months (before the summit proposal) ago it would have been the opposite: the hard-liner, the man with the Bomb."
According to the Star, Lange told business partner Hugo Grobler three months before his death that he feared he would be "eliminated," but did not elaborate.
But he rediscovered his form at Wimbledon, reaching the quarter-finals before losing to eventual finalist Goran Ivanisevic.
South Korean President Kim Young-Sam  expressed regret and shock that Kim had died before their summit could take  place.
   (correcting ex-Sarajevo)     In our Yugo-Bosnia-truce,lead, ex-Sarajevo, please read in first para X X  X UN-mediated talks on renewing the ceasefire in Bosnia continued Saturday the  day before a month-long truce was due to expire X X X (sted as sent).
(corrected repetition) UN talks on Bosnia ceasefire continue, truce period ends by Francis Curta  SARAJEVO, July 9 (AFP)  UN-mediated talks on renewing the ceasefire in Bosnia continued Saturday the day before a month-long truce was due to expire, with both of the warring sides reported to favour an extension.
That means the 34-year-old will not face Burrell before the Goodwill Games in St Petersburg on July 25.
But he said the two inspectors on a mission to North Korea that began in May, were continuing work at two sites at Yongbyon, 90 kilometres (56 miles) from the capital, Pyongyang, Referring to a 5-megawatt reactor where the North Koreans removed 8,000 fuel rods before the arrival of the inspectors around two months ago, the spokesman said "They make sure the removed bars are not reprocessed and are adequately stored."
Yeltsin, speaking before leaving for Naples where he is to attend the G7 summit of leading industrialised countries, noted that he had known Kim personally and said his first reaction was one of "condolence and regret."
Italian sailors bound hand and foot before being killed  ROME, July 9 (AFP)  Seven Italian sailors killed Wednesday night in an Algerian port were bound hand and foot and gagged before their throats were slit, Italy's ambassador in Algiers said in statements to Italian newspapers on Saturday.
The president also expressed regret that his North Korean counterpart had died before they could hold the first-ever inter-Korean summit later this month in Pyongyang.
The president also expressed regret that his North Korean counterpart had died before they could hold the first-ever inter-Korean summit later this month in Pyongyang.
Shaath later left Cairo for Jeddah in Saudi Arabia to join Arafat, who was on his last foreign tour before returning definitively to the self-rule areas next week.
But European diplomats said the initiative was ill-advised, ill- prepared and prematurely sprung on Washington's trade partners just 10 days before the three-day summit which started here on Friday.
French President Francois Mitterrand earlier called for a post-Uruguay Round "pause" before any new trade initiatives were launched.
Dallaire, accompanied by Major Franck Kamanzi of the victorious Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF), said the troops were resuming posts occupied before the start of the current flare-up of civil war that began in April.
Saturday's announcement, which is due to be ratified before the end of the year, brings French aid to the same level as 1992.
Then Jose-Luis Caminero, back from a one-game suspension, broke up an Italian attack and exchanged passes with Jose-Maria Bakero before sending Ferrer away down the right.
But European diplomats said the initiative was ill-advised, ill- prepared and prematurely sprung on Washington's trade partners just 10 days before the three-day summit which started here on Friday.
Chinese premier arrives in Romania  BUCHAREST, July 9 (AFP)  Chinese premier Li Peng arrived from Germany on Saturday in the Romanian Black Sea resort of Constanza, where he is due to rest before holding talks with Romanian leaders early next week.
A number of political and trade agreements are expected to be signed by the two leaders Tuesday before Peng's departure.
Arafat was to return to the PLO's Tunis headquarters Sunday and attend an official farewell ceremony Monday before leaving the same day for the self-rule areas of Gaza and Jericho, where he will head the Palestinian Authority, Tunisian officials said.
Luis Enrique started the move 40 metres out and exchanged passes with Sergi before Ferrer stepped over the winger's low cross for Caminero to send a looping shot over Pagliuca.
Some three months before being elected to the presidency in 1981, Mitterrand, then head of the Socialist Party, spent 24 hours in North Korea in February following a visit to Beijing.
Italy drag out suspense  BOSTON, Massachusetts, July 9 (AFP)  Triple champions Italy left it agonisingly late yet again here on Saturday before they overcame a resilient Spanish side 2-1 to reach the World Cup semi-finals.
But the prince said the three religions should come to an agreement over Jerusalem before international guarantees were discussed.
Bowe to shape up before London fight  NEW ORLEANS, Louisiana, July 9 (AFP)  Mackie Shilstone, the fitness trainer who kept Riddick Bowe in shape during his heavyweight championship days, will return as the boxer gears up for another title run.
I am cured," before returning to his hotel.
Nagaoka said he was hoping for between 200 to 300 more newt eggs before scheduled touchdown at Cape Canaveral July 22.
G7 leaders said were encouraged by progress in the reform process in Russia, whose President Boris Yeltsin joined them for a dinner Saturday before taking part in Sunday's scheduled G7 politicial consultations.
Marcio Santos went close with a header four minutes from time and seconds before the final whistle Romario burst through.
An inch-perfect 30 metre pass from Aldair to Bebeto on the left caught the Dutch defence flat-footed and before they knew what was happening the ball was at the feet of Romario who shot past a helpless Ed De Goey.
McCumber missed a four-foot par put on the final hole that would have put him even with Lohr before his late collapse.
An inch-perfect 30 metre pass from Aldair to Bebeto on the left caught the Dutch defence flat-footed and before they knew what was happening the ball was at the feet of Romario who shot past a helpless Ed De Goey.
Scampering on to Berti's pass, Guiseppe Signori drew the last defender before clipping the ball over him to put Baggio in on Andoni Zubizaretta.
Only Gianluca Pagliuca's outstretched left leg stopped Julio Salinas scoring five minutes before Baggio applied his deadly touch.
Tested to the limit four times, Sacchi's squad have come through on each occasion, despite an incredible run of injury bad luck that has forced wholesale changes to be made before each encounter.
Sacchi's selection of 72 players before settling on his squad was denounced as pointless chopping and changing.
I said before that it would be a great game, one of the most open of the tournament.
For the first time in so many years Brazil is back in the semi-final of the World Cup," said Parreira, who was roundly booed by the Brazilian fans before the match.
An 30-metre pass from Aldair to Bebeto on the left caught the Dutch defence flat-footed and before they knew what was happening the ball was at the feet of Romario who shot past a helpless Ed De Goey.
Bergkamp and Winter pulled Holland level and Bebeto had already hit the post before Branco struck.
The Reverend Martin Smyth, Ulster Unionist MP for Belfast South, described the news as "par for the course in so far as prisoners were consulted before the Downing Street declaration," which provides for republicans joining the peace process if the IRA and Sinn Fein renounce violence.
The Dutch clawed back from 2-0 down to be level with 10 minutes left before  left-back Branco smashed in a 30-metre free-kick winner.
Nagaoka said he was hoping for between 200 to 300 more newt eggs before scheduled touchdown at Cape Canaveral July 22.
UN chief Boutros-Boutros Ghali, US President Bill Clinton, China's President Jiang Zemin and Russian President Boris Yeltsin all expressed shock at Kim's death -- only 17 days before he was to have to hold a first ever summit with South Korea.
He said the state-owned nuclear power supplier had four new reactors under construction as part of plans drawn up in 1987, before the NPC was transformed into a state-owned corporation from a government department.
The government had placed orders for 10 new reactors before the NPC was set up which would have taken supply to 7,000 megawatts by 1999, he said.
Xinhua said the political panel of the preparatory committee agreed that only "leading officials" of the Hong Kong bureaucracy will be replaced in 1997, and a new chief executive must be selected before the July 1, 1997, turnover.
Chinese Foreign Minister Qian Qichen said Beijing's preparatory committee agreed that only "leading officials" of the Hong Kong bureaucracy would be replaced, and a new chief executive must be selected before the 1997 turnover.
"Such a meeting can only advance the peace process," Beilin said before leaving for Tunis to attend a meeting of the steering committee of the multilateral track of the peace negotiations.
The Workers Party Central Committee and the Supreme People's Assembly is likely to name Kim Jong-Il as the new general secretary of the party, as well as the country's new president -- two top posts his father held before his death early Friday, NSP officials said.
(changing dateline) (pictures) North Korean mourners weep before Kim Il-Sung's giant statue by Tiffany Bown  BEIJING, July 10 (AFP)  Thousands of weeping mourners gathered around a giant statue of late president Kim Il-Sung in Pyongyang to pay homage to North Korea's founding father as a sombre mood descended on the capital, residents said Sunday.
on Sunday, showed mass mourning at the 20-meter (70-foot) statue as people knelt down and wept before the image of the Great Leader.
But it is a problem to be overcome before stepping back into the ring for phase two of his exhausting programme, against Ireland's Sam Storey in Cardiff on August 27.
Arafat was to return to the PLO's Tunis headquarters Sunday and attend an official farewell ceremony Monday before leaving the same day for Gaza and Jericho, where he will head the Palestinian Authority, Tunisian officials said.
A Bangladesh foreign ministry spokesman said last week that Nasreen was a fugitive and "it is for her to prove her innocence before the court of law."
The Central Committee and the Supreme People's Assembly is likely to name Kim Jong-Il as the party's new general secretary as well as the country's president -- two top posts his father held before his death, NSP officials predicted.
Fewer Asians competed on the tour this year than ever before.
"I've had obscene telephone calls before," she said.
His group is due to hold talks with South African political and business leaders and will visit Johannesburg, Pretoria, Durban and Cape Town before departing on July 15.
Philippe said Serbs fired on the industrial zone of Bihac before attacking from the southeast to try and take a hill about three kilometres (two miles) from the town.
It added that people from all walks of life were laying wreaths and bouquets of flowers before the statue.
RI JONG-OK, 78, vice-president, is a career administrator who started his career as textile factory manager before the peninsula was divided in 1945.
The junior Kim may force them to read between the lines even more than before.
Named supreme military commander in 1991, he intoned: "Glory to the officers and men of the heroic Korean People's Army," before an armed forces day parade in 1992.
Only a few days before the senior Kim's death, the Korean Central News Agency reported the sighting of a "triple rainbow" over North Korea's sacred mountain Paektu as "praise of (the junior Kim's) brilliant revolutionary feats by nature."
It was his first appearance before parliament since Israel and Jordan signed a detailed agenda for talks in Washington on June 7.
"It could even take place before, if developments dictate it."
He succeeded in "convincing the US administration of the need to negotiate before signing a peace treaty, as it asked him to do in January."
The capital had a population of 25,000 before the inter-ethnic warfare began.
The chairman of the Group of Seven summit, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, said: "We urge them to do so before July 19.
The chairman of the summit, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said: "We urge them to do so before July 19.
Kebich's press spokesman said he would spend the day in Minsk and did not plan to vote before the end of the afternoon.
But Kebich, who has headed the government since 1990 -- before the break-up of the Soviet Union -- has a reputation for stability on his side in contrast to his challenger's unpredictablity.
The chairman of the summit, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said: "We urge them to do so before July 19.
Arafat was to return to the PLO's Tunis headquarters Sunday and attend an official farewell ceremony Monday before leaving the same day for Gaza and Jericho, where he will head the Palestinian Authority, Tunisian officials said.
We urge them to do so before July 19th.
 "We urge them to do so before July 19.
 "We urge them to do so before July 19.
Bruguera, currently ranked fourth in the world and who also reached the fourth round at Wimbledon before going down in three sets to Michael Chang, now boasts 13 ATP titles.
It was his first appearance before parliament since Israel and Jordan signed a detailed agenda for talks in Washington on June 7.
"It could even take place before, if developments dictate it."
He succeeded in "convincing the US administration of the need to negotiate before signing a peace treaty, as it asked him to do in January."
Bruguera, currently ranked fourth in the world and who also reached the fourth round at Wimbledon before going down in three sets to Michael Chang, now boasts 13 ATP titles.
Meanwhile Ali Nasser Mohammad, former president of South Yemen which existed before the merger with the north in 1990, said "there is no solution in Yemen other than union and dialogue."
Phra Suvit Wangka and the boy, Prasit Boonmee, volunteered to climb the 15 metre tower when the television signal at Tai Temple deteriorated shortly before the Italy-Spain match, military-run Channel 7 said Sunday.
    (AFP) - News calendar from Monday July 11 to Sunday August 7     Monday July 11     CAIRO:         Israeli-Palestinian negotiations on extending                    Palestinian autonomy resume     NEW YORK:      French Premier Edouard Balladur and his foreign                    minister, Alain Juppe, appears before the                    UN Security Council to discuss Rwanda     BRUSSELS:      Meeting of EU economy and finance ministers.
The G7 leaders also called on all UN members to pay outstanding arrears and dues to the world body and stressed that mandates must be issued by the UN before peacekeeping troops can use force beyond the requirements of self-defense.
"We cannot affort to wait until there is a successful diversion of a significant amount of nuclear material before we develop and implement an international law-enforcement plan to address this grave threat," Freeh said at the time.
"The time to develop such a plan of action is now, before that dreadful incident occurs."
(changing dateline) Arafat stops over in Cairo  CAIRO, July 10 (AFP)  PLO leader Yasser Arafat stopped in Cairo airport Sunday on his way back to Tunis from Saudi Arabia to prepare for a final farewell before returning for good to Gaza and Jericho on Monday.
URGENT  SILVERSTONE, England, July 10 (AFP)  Damon Hill won the British Grand Prix before an ecstatic home crowd here on Sunday.
It was his first appearance before parliament since Israel and Jordan signed a detailed agenda for talks in Washington on June 7.
Libya has proposed to surrender the two Lockerbie bombing suspects for trial before Scottish judges at the International Court of Justice in the Hague, but refuses to hand them over for trial in either Britain or the United States.
Philippe said Serbs fired on the industrial zone of Bihac before attacking from the southeast to try and take a hill about three kilometres (two miles) from the town.
The quartet had broken away from the peloton and built up an eight- minute lead before finishing some two minutes clear at the line.
His group is due to hold talks with South African political and business leaders and will visit Johannesburg, Pretoria, Durban and Cape Town before departing on July 15.
Only three overs were possible, with South African openers Gary Kirsten and Andrew Hudson reaching six before rain forced the match to be abandoned.
The tourists need as much time out in the middle as they can get before next week's First Test against England at Lord's.
Hill wins British Grand Prix  SILVERSTONE, England, July 10 (AFP)  Damon Hill halted Michael Schumacher's victory march for the second time this season when he won the British Grand Prix before an ecstatic home crowd here on Sunday.
"It's a dream come true," said Hill, who had been leading last year's race before retiring with engine trouble.
Johnny Herbert's Lotus then failed to get off the grid for the second circuit before the start and Eddy Irvine's broke down before getting round.
Brundle's Peugeot engine was already smoking badly before the green light and as soon as the race began the rear of his car was enveloped in flames and he pulled off the track immediately.
(AFP) Bossy, maybe Spanish coach Javier Clemente ran afoul of his nation's press several times before his side were eliminated in the World Cup quarter-finals.
Kuchma, 55, was formerly director of the world's largest missile factory at Dniepropetrovsk before his brief and failed term as premier which ended last year.
Baid left Aden for the eastern port of Mukalla soon after the civil war erupted on May 5, and fled to Oman when Mukalla was captured last week, days before Aden fell to northern forces on Thursday.
He said Serbs fired on the industrial zone before attacking from the southeast to try and take a nearby hill.
The minister, who took office in the new coalition headed by Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama only a few days before the summit, added that the yen "has been on an upwards course for too long."
But EU diplomats said Santer did not have the support of Britain or Italy, and that Denmark might also swing behind Schlueter, a conservative who was Danish premier for 10 years before his coalition government fell last year.
The quartet had broken away from the peloton and built up an eight-minute lead before finishing some two minutes clear at the line.
But before then, I need 12 hours' sleep."
"We urge them to do so before July 19.
He said Serbs fired on the industrial zone before attacking from the southeast to try and take a nearby hill.
Just before Balakov hit the post he had got in behind the German defence and only Bodo Ilgner's interception prevented Emil Kostadinov pouncing on his cross.
Moller, recalled for the injured Matthias Sammer, unleashed a fierce drive that was bound for the back of the net before it collided painfully with Trifon Ivanov's groin.
Zlatko Yankov tested Ilgner from long range five minutes before the interval.
The capital had a population of 250,000 before the warfare began.
Tunis to lay on farewell ceremonies for Arafat  TUNIS, July 10 (AFP)  Tunis will bid a final farewell to Yasser Arafat on Monday with two official ceremonies before the PLO leader heads for the self-rule areas of Gaza and Jericho, a presidential spokesman said Sunday.
The two men will exchange decorations and speeches in a ceremony before invited journalists.
Clearly enjoying his new status, Yeltsin said Russia was not in a hurry to join the economic part of the annual G-7 summits before its own economy had achieved western free market standards.
Lukashenko, head of parliament's anti-corruption committee, was almost unknown before the campaign but has built up his image as "defender of the people" ready to fight graft and state intervention and restore ties with Russia.
Kebich's press spokesman said he would spend the day in Minsk and did not plan to vote before the end of the afternoon.
Bauer, who pulled out of the race before the fifth stage on Thursday, needed a general anaesthetic for Friday's operation on his right thigh, according to a spokesman for his Motorola team here.
Bulgaria had never won a World Cup match before beating Greece in a first-round game two weeks ago and the last time they beat Germany was in 1960.
The Bulgarians, who had never won a World Cup match before coming to America, now face Italy in next Wednesday's semi-finals.
Just before Balakov hit the post he had got in behind the German defence and only Ilgner's interception prevented Emil Kostadinov pouncing on his cross.
Moller, recalled for the injured Matthias Sammer, unleashed a fierce drive that was bound for the back of the net before it collided painfully with Trifon Ivanov's groin.
Zlatko Yankov tested Ilgner from long range five minutes before the interval.
They then beat Greece 4-0 and Argentina 2-0 before overcoming Mexico on penalties to reach their first World Cup quarter-final.
Clinton visited the Baltics before coming to Naples, calling for a swift Russian withdrawal.
They hammered 94 runs off eight overs before Benson was caught behind for 38 while Hartland went on to make an unbeaten 80, including two sixes and nine fours.
Johnny Herbert's Lotus then failed to get off the grid for the second circuit before the start and Eddy Irvine's broke down before getting round.
Brundle's Peugeot engine was already smoking badly before the green light and as soon as the race began the rear of his car was enveloped in flames and he pulled off the track immediately.
The Bulgarians, with no World Cup wins before coming to the United States, were stacked up against the tournament's aristocrats.
Tunis to lay on farewell ceremonies for Arafat  TUNIS, July 10 (AFP)  Tunis will bid a final farewell to Yasser Arafat on Monday with two official ceremonies before the PLO leader heads for the self-rule areas of Gaza and Jericho, a presidential spokesman said Sunday.
The two men will exchange decorations and give speeches in a ceremony before invited journalists.
The PLO leader was due to meet Arab ambassadors during the night to say his goodbyes, before meeting journalists later.
Hill brought his Williams-Renault home before a euphoric home crowd, after world championship leader Michael Schumacher and Benetton-Ford had paid the price for breaking the rules at Silverstone.
Schumacher will be performing before his own home crowd in the German Grand Prix at Hockenheim on July 31.
Schwartz received a yellow card for a foul on Hagi two minutes before the interval.
First official results were not expected before early Tuesday, according to the electoral commission in Kiev.
Speaking to reporters before returning home, Bentsen insisted central bank intervention could be "effective under proper conditions" and there were "other things that governments can do."
Not since 1978 have the Germans been eliminated so early and in the Bulgarians, who had never won a World Cup match before coming to America and only qualifed through a last minute goal against France, they could not have had more unlikely conquerors.
Immediately before the cross, Kohler had tracked Stoichkov out of the box to leave the gap that Letchkov, who scored Bulgaria's winning penalty in the second round against Mexico, brilliantly exploited.
Minutes before the equaliser, Andreas Moller's 30-metre drive came back off the post and Rudi Voller was ruled offside after netting the rebound.
Just before Balakov hit the post he had got in behind the German defence and only Illgner's interception prevented Emil Kostadinov pouncing on his cross.
The lively Hassler, Germany's most dangerous player with his constant switching from the right to left flanks, set up a fierce Moller drive in the 32nd minute that was bound for the back of the net before it collided painfully with Trifon Ivanov's groin.
Alvarez told Listin Diario that he asked his children and a household employee to leave before the ceremony, but his wife Deysi Burdie claims she also was at what would be the US entertainment industry's wedding of the century.
Bulgaria, who had not won a World Cup match before this tournament, which started for them with a 3-0 defeat to Nigeria, face Italy.
McCumber sank a 20-foot chip from the edge of the green on the 15th hole just before a thunderstorm halted play with him three strokes ahead.
"I had thought of doing it before," he said.
"I said before the game to our players that what we are playing for today is to play Brazil in the World Cup semi-finals and that is great thing for a player from Sweden.
"I've been in these kind of situations before but not in the quarter- finals of the World Cup," said Ravelli who denied he had tried to psyche Hagi out during the shoot-out.
Now the squad, the first German side to lose before the World Cup semi-finals since 1978, will leave New York on Monday at 6:00 p.m. (2200 gmt).
Alvarez told Listin Diario that he asked his children and a household employee to leave before the ceremony, but his wife Deysi Burdie claims she also was at what would be the US entertainment industry's wedding of the century.
First official results were not expected before early Tuesday, according to the electoral commission in Kiev.
"I had thought of doing it before," he said.
"I said before the game to our players that what we are playing for today is to play Brazil in the World Cup semi-finals and that is great thing for a player from Sweden.
"I had made the decision to quit already before, but I wanted to leave with another World Cup title.
No losing team has ever reached the playoffs before.
Philippe said Serbs fired on the industrial zone of Bihac before attacking from the southeast to try and take a hill about three kilometres (two miles) from the town.
Lukashenko, head of parliament's anti-corruption committee, was almost unknown before the election campaign but has built up his image as "defender of the people" ready to fight graft and state intervention and restore ties with Russia.
reopens (TOKYO) The dollar hit a new record post-war low of 97.55-60 yen at one point in early Monday morning trading in Wellington before the Tokyo opening, due to the dollar's weakness against the German mark, a dealer with a Japanese bank said.
Lukashenko, head of parliament's anti-corruption committee, was almost unknown before the election campaign but has built up his image as "defender of the people" ready to fight graft and state intervention and restore ties with Russia.
Shoot-out denies Romania again by Mark Oakley  SAN FRANCISCO, California, July 10 (AFP)  Yet again, Romania exited the World Cup on a penalty shoot-out, but not before they had a chance to show just how far Romanian football has come in four years.
Alvarez told Listin Diario that he asked his children and a household employee to leave before the ceremony, but his wife Deysi Burdie claims she also was at what would be the US entertainment industry's wedding of the century.
His road to the top mirrors that of so many other typical Soviet party apparatchiks before him.
He was a member of the Komsomol communist youth movement while a history student, before becoming a political commissar in the Red Army.
Polls before the first round election showed he had particularly strong backing among pensioners, peasants and the working class and unemployed.
Capitalising on the name he has made for himself in the fight against corruption and the general ill-feeling towards those in power -- Kebich took over as premier in 1990 before the Soviet Union crumbled --, Lukashenko forced his way to the top of the polls.
(AFP)      TUNIS: Tunis will bid a final farewell to Yasser Arafat on Monday with  two official ceremonies before the PLO leader heads for the self-rule areas of  Gaza and Jericho, a presidential spokesman said.
Some analysts say relations between the two half-brothers are so bitter that Kim Pyong-Il has been forced into virtual exile, serving as an ambassador in Eastern Europe for several years before before being appointed ambassador to Finland.
Chinese president, Cambodian king pay homage to Kim Il-Sung  BEIJING, July 11 (AFP)  Chinese President Jiang Zemin and Cambodian King Norodom Sihanouk paid their last respects Monday to late North Korean president Kim Il-Sung, laying wreaths before his portrait at the embassy here.
It is identical to one given by Hitler to Stalin just before Germany invaded the Soviet Union during World War II.
Parents were the killers in 57 percent of murders of children under the age of 12, with 79 percent of youngsters suffering some form of violence before their slaying.
Havenlange was ordered to appear before a court here on August 10.
Arafat was due Monday to travel to Egypt, where new PLO-Israeli talks are to be held on spreading autonomy from Jericho to the rest of the West Bank, before moving permanently to the Gaza Strip to head the self-rule authority.
It was his first appearance before parliament since Israel and Jordan signed a detailed agenda for peace negotiations in Washington on June 7.
The first official results were not expected before late Monday or early Tuesday, electoral commission officials said.
Some analysts say relations between the two half-brothers are so bitter that Kim Pyong-Il has been forced into virtual exile, serving as an ambassador in Eastern Europe for several years before before being appointed ambassador to Finland.
The biggest increase came at the grasscourt event at Halle in Germany, a warm-up tournament before Wimbledon, where 130,000 spectators attended compared to 82,000 in 1993.
Jiffri, speaking from Jeddah in Saudi Arabia, said many "of our weapons were hidden in the south's interior, shortly before we left Aden."
(picture) Chinese president, Cambodian king pay homage to Kim Il-Sung  BEIJING, July 11 (AFP)  Chinese President Jiang Zemin and Cambodian King Norodom Sihanouk paid their last respects Monday to North Korean leader Kim Il-Sung by laying wreaths before his portrait here.
Jiang, accompanied by some 12 senior Chinese leaders, called on the North Korean embassy Monday morning, bowing three times before a portrait of the "Great Leader" in the main hall and writing a message in the condolence book, an embassy spokeswomen said.
We will have to wait for a while before we can see the real impact," a rubber broker said.
shares which soared in heavy volume Monday before the company announced the results of test drilling in Vietnam, a news report said.
Jiji Press said the exchange suspected that inside information about the results of the test had been leaked before the announcement was made.
"It is not a perfect plan from anyone's point of view," Hurd told reporters in Naples late Sunday before returning to London.
British Prime Minister John Major called the Hurd-Juppe mission "the last throw before chaos."
Negotiators would discuss transferring powers in the West Bank to the self-rule authority whose members were appointed by PLO chief Yasser Arafat before tackling procedures for elections to a self-rule council, he said.
Polls before the first election round in June showed he had particularly strong backing among pensioners, peasants and the working class and unemployed.
He was a member of the Komsomol communist youth movement while a history student, before becoming a political commissar in the Red Army.
Polls before the first election round in June showed he had particularly strong backing among pensioners, peasants and the working class and unemployed.
He was a member of the Komsomol communist youth movement while a history student, before becoming a political commissar in the Red Army.
"Traffic across the bridge is the same as before and we haven't been given any warnings about not going so close to the other bank," said Chen, a member of Dandong's sizeable Korean minority.
Jiffri, speaking from Jeddah in Saudi Arabia, said many "of our weapons were hidden in the south's interior, shortly before we left Aden."
Northern troops loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh marched into the eastern port of Mukalla, the headquarters of southern leader Ali Salem al-Baid, last week before seizing control of Aden on Thursday.
It was his first appearance before parliament since Israel and Jordan signed on June 7 a detailed agenda for peace negotiations which are set to start on July 18 along the ceasefire line between the two neighbours.
Arafat bids farewell to last home in exile by Hamida Ben Salah  TUNIS, July 11 (AFP)  PLO chief Yasser Arafat bade a formal farewell Monday to his Tunisian hosts and last home in exile before returning for good to the Gaza Strip to run Palestinian autonomy.
"We want to learn how you have managed to overcome, how you have managed to turn sand into productive earth," Chiluba said before signing the accord for economic, agricultural and technological cooperation.
"It is not a perfect plan from anyone's point of view," Hurd told reporters in Naples late Sunday before returning to London.
British Prime Minister John Major called the Hurd-Juppe mission "the last throw before chaos."
Asked about a peace map put forward in Geneva, Ganic, for his part, said the international community had to provide guarantees on implementation of human rights throughout the country before the government would agree to its partition.
"It is only a lull before another storm, probably."
President Jiang Zemin, accompanied by some 12 senior Chinese leaders, called at the North Korean embassy Monday morning, where he bowed three times before a portrait of the "Great Leader" in the main hall and wrote a message in the book of condolence, an embassy spokeswomen said.
Just before that, on March 28, an employee at the Russian embassy was killed in Saoula near Algiers and on December 5, 1993, a Russian woman married to an Algerian was assassinated while shopping in a suburb of Algiers.
North  Korea made its first contact with the South since Kim's death last Friday,  shortly before its top decision-making bodies reportedly began a meeting  expected to name Kim Jong-Il, 52, as the next leader.
(AFP)     TUNIS: PLO chief Yasser Arafat bade a formal farewell to his Tunisian  hosts and last home in exile before returning for good to the Gaza Strip to  run Palestinian autonomy.
Ken Kerr, a leading member of the UDP said the killing amounted to "a final fling" by the IRA, "a final show of strength and a final bloodbath before Sinn Fein (the IRA's political arm) goes to the talks table.
Philippe said Serbs fired on the industrial zone of Bihac before attacking from the southeast to try and take a hill about three kilometres (two miles) from the town.
Negotiators would discuss transferring civilian powers in the West Bank to the self-rule authority whose members were appointed by Arafat before tackling procedures for elections to a self-rule council, he said.
But a second place behind Boardman in the prologue made them think again -- and they were tearing up their predictions long before the Spaniard finished on Monday.
(BERGERAC) Rominger's misery was complete when he was forced to change his bike, losing precious seconds, when he punctured just before halfway.
He had passed American world champion Lance Armstrong, who had begun two minutes before him, by the 15km, hurtling past along the melting roads through the vinyards.
Frenchman Armand De las Cuevas, the man who beat Indurain in the Tour of Italy prologue, was overtaken by the Spaniard 15kms from the end after starting four minutes before him.
The only other time trail of this year's race takes place two days before the finish, a 47.5km run between Cluses and Mozine Avoriaz on July 22.
"At Tunis, we learned to stop at red lights, to wait in queues, to pay fines to women police officers," said one Palestinian official before heading with Arafat on Monday for the autonomous Gaza Strip and Jericho.
Arafat snubbed Tunisia for a while before returning to his headquarters, then at Hamman-Shott, a modest suburb in southern Tunis.
Called to head the Ukrainian government by President Leonid Kravchuk in October 1992, he helped launched privatisation and a campaign against corruption before resigning in September 1993 in the face of opposition from the conservative parliament.
Polls before the first election round in June showed he had particularly strong backing among pensioners, peasants and the working class and unemployed.
He was a member of the Komsomol communist youth movement while a history student, before becoming a political commissar in the Red Army.
Kuchma spent the day at his stronghold in the southeast industrial city of Dniepropetrovsk, site of the former Soviet Union's largest missile factory that he headed before being named prime minister by Kravchuk in 1992.
Just before that, on March 28, an employee at the Russian embassy was killed in Saoula near Algiers and on December 5, 1993, a Russian woman married to an Algerian was assassinated while shopping in a suburb of Algiers.
The number of births was still far below the more than 700 a month registered at his hospital in 1991, the year before the war broke out, Simic said.
Abortions remained the main form of contraception, Simic said, much as before the war.
The poor diet of citizens trapped in Sarajevo meant however that the number of babies delivered underweight had shot up from 5 percent before the war to 12 percent now, he added.
Reynolds was to have breakfast Tuesday with Minnesota Governor Arne Carlson before meeting local politicians.
On Wednesday, Reynolds was to visit St Thomas's University and the Minnesota World Trade Centre before addressing a seminar on the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.
(LONDON) Rank Organisation rose by 12 pence to 374 pence before publishing interim results on Thursday.
(LONDON) Rank Organisation rose by 12 pence to 374 pence before publishing interim results on Thursday.
The 37-year-old Spaniard was quoted in some British newspapers before he arrived as saying: "I don't think I will ever play again the way I did 10 years ago.
"My desire is not as strong as before.
There will certainly be some weeks when I am as good as I was before.
Boardman may choose, however, to try his hand in the Pyrenees mountain stages before bowing out.
"As long as I'm having fun, and even now I'm having fun, and as long as I like my work, I will continue," Vogts said on Monday just before the German party left their New Jersey hotel.
But Arafat acknowledged before he left that he faced an uphill task to build Palestinian self-rule in the Gaza Strip and Jericho.
(LOS ANGELES) It was all too much for Choi, who before the finals had been widely praised for his sharp vision and anticipation.
Following his very public loss of face the 32-year-old decided enough was enough and announced his retirement even before the plane had taken off for Seoul.
The German jinx also struck Belgium's Michel Preud'homme who only days before had saved his team by holding the Dutch at bay with a masterly performance of goalkeeping.
Isoor Pokshrel, Nepal Communist Party-United Marxist and Leninist (NCP-UML) central committee member and general-secretary, said the party was very surprised to learn of the king's call for polls nearly 18 months before routine elections were due in 1996.
Club chairman Martin Edwards refused to get involved in a race for the 21-year-old player's signature after Norwich said he was available at a British transfer record price -- but only if offers were made before Friday.
Edwards added: "Another thing which makes it difficult is the fact that Norwich want other clubs to agree to pay that much, before speaking to the player and that is not helpful.
The day before that, a house belonging to the moderate opposition figure Justin-Marie Bomboko was hit by a grenade.
But Dominican tourist ministry officials told reporters May 26, before the alleged ceremony was disclosed this weekend, that Jackson was in the country at the time for a few days.
Alvarez told Listin Diario he asked his children and a household employee to leave before the ceremony, but his wife Deysi Burdie claims she also was at what would be the US entertainment industry's wedding of the century.
They tied her up, drove her 300 kilometres (180 miles) to a forest, poured petrol over her and set her alight before running away, police said.
Van der Bergh originally appeared before an Eastern Province disciplinary committee but no action was taken after a touchjudge claimed the stamping on Callard had been unintentional.
It was his first appearance before parliament since Israel and Jordan signed on June 7 a detailed agenda to solve a long-standing dispute over their common border and for peace negotiations set to start on July 18 along the ceasefire line between the two neighbours.
The bus driver lost control of the vehicle, which ran off the road before overturning.
Douglas, 34, who beat Mike Tyson in Tokyo in February 1990 before losing to Evander Hoyfield, was hospitalised last week.
Shaath told journalists the committee discussing issues unresolved before the May 4 autonomy accord agreed there were "certain priorities."
Arafat left the PLO's Tunis headquarters Monday and arrived in Egypt where he was to spend the night before entering Gaza via the Rafah border crossing, Palestinian sources said.
Negotiators would discuss transferring civilian powers in the West Bank to the self-rule authority whose members were appointed by Arafat before tackling procedures for elections to a self-rule council, he said.
"They are more power laden than before, but hopefully we will be able to turn the tide and win one," said NL starting shortstop Ozzie Smith of St. Louis.
"When Romania went one up and we had Stefan (Schwarz) sent off I thought 'This is the end.' Luckily the lads never gave up," added the player who completed a move from Napoli to Roma just before the tournament started.
"We had practised that move behind closed doors but knew we could only try it once in a match before it lost its element of surprise.
Andersson, a second-choice before the finals, has made a name for himself with four goals, including the equaliser against Romania which sent the game into a shoot-out.
They start before the match, entering the the teams, the officials and the weather.
They were tied at 4-4 after five scheduled kicks, before Henrik Larsson sank the first sudden death penalty to the right of Florin Prunea.
The vote count was suspended before it was completed after the country's electoral tribunal found irregularities had taken place at some polling stations and promised to investigate.
Adrian Brooks, 36, a father-of-three, will appear before magistrates in Nottingham, central England, Tuesday.
He added that they had reviewed the tapes 10 times before reaching their decision.
Arafat acknowledged he faced an uphill task before he left Tunis, saying a very busy schedule awaited him in Gaza.
Hong Kong professionals rush for final British passports  HONG KONG, July 12 (AFP)  There has been a mad rush for the last British passports alloted for Hong Kong inhabitants before the territory returns to Chinese rule in 1997, a report said Tuesday.
"There are adjectives that can be added to your name, something like infamous, notorious, greedy, dishonest, even stupid," said Judge Philp Abraham told Shawn Eckhardt before announcing the sentence.
Andersson, a second-choice before the finals, has made a name for himself with four goals, including the equaliser against Romania which sent the game into a shoot-out.
If Bulgaria, who had never won a World Cup match in 16 attempts before USA 94, can overcome the Italians in Giants Stadium they will have accounted for three teams who between them have won eight of the 14 trophies that have been handed out.
Bulgaria, whose preparations have followed their tried and trusted formula (a slow recovery from celebrating their last win with some light elbow work at the hotel bar before getting down to the serious business of lounging around the pool all day) will field three veterans of the sides' only previous World Cup meeting.
Despite early battles with his team mates before the tournament, especially with the mild mannered Bebeto, has kept his word to Parriera to behave himself.
San Francisco star Barry Bonds of the rival National League saw Thomas, dropped to his knees before him, extended his arms and yelled, "We're not worthy.
The event allows players to smack as many homers as they can before failing 10 times.
Colombian gunman before pumping 12 bullets in Colombian defender Andres Escobar.
Mild played on the Swedish championship winning IFK Goteborg teams of 1990, 1991 and 1993 before moving to Servette in Switzerland last season.
Leonardo, arguably the man of the match against the USA in the second round before being sent off for elbowing American Tab Ramos in the left temple.
He was a second-choice striker before the finals but would not have made the 22 in Sweden's squad before mid-February.
The president of the NC, Krishna Prasad Bhattarai, said: "I was never consulted by Prime Minister Koirala before he advised the king to dissolve the parliament and hold snap polls on November 13.
With three games to play before the all-important second test in Wellington, McIntosh has room to tinker with positions and combinations.
Immediately before his death, he was monitoring North Korea following the weekend announcement of Kim's death, police said.
North Korea went out of its way to offer footage to US and Japanese television showing Kim Jong-Il with some 100 top military officials and party cadre, bowing before Kim Il-Sung's body laid in a glass coffin.
The shooting came just hours before the scheduled arrival of PLO chairman Yasser Arafat who is due to settle permanently in Gaza City to take over the running of the autonomous authority.
All the participants at the latest rally were taken to the armed forces headquarters where they were photographed before being released, the witness said.
Shortly before closing, the greenback hit 97.05 yen, the lowest ever quoted here.
Foreign Minister Guido di Tella, however, voiced pessimism over the talks last week and warned that if Britain insisted on acting unilaterally on the Falklands oil issue "Argentina would defend its rights before the international courts."
Ruling Malawi with an iron fist and with a long-running record of human rights abuses before losing power to Muluzi in the May polls, Banda was quoted as saying the alliance would put opposition politics on a solid foundation and would guard against the abuse of power by those in authority.
Arafat acknowledged he faced an uphill task before he left Tunis, saying Gaza was close to famine, its infrastructure destroyed and more than half the people unemployed.
Dollar hits record local low of 97.05 yen  TOKYO, July 12 (AFP)  The dollar hit a record local low of 97.05 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market Tuesday before recovering slightly to close at 97.07 yen, down 1.48 yen from the previous day's finish of 98.55 yen.
North Korea wants meeting with South before summit  BEIJING, July 12 (AFP)  North Korea wants another meeting with South Korea before the two sides sit down to a summit delayed by the death of Kim Il-Sung, a Japanese international affairs specialist said here Tuesday after returning from Pyongyang.
"He told me that North Korea wanted a new preparatory meeting, at the level of deputy prime minister or vice president, before the summit," she said, adding that North Korea wanted to be represented by Kim Yong-Sun, its principal summit negotiator.
Although the 53-year-old general said it was "a little early" to predict when he would meet with the dissident, unidentified diplomats and Burmese officials told the daily it would not happen before a national constitutional convention reconvened in September.
Nomaza Paintin, was the first person to vote in the South African elections in a special voting station set up in New Zealand before the polls opened in South Africa in April.
Previous challenges to these so-called "out of area" missions before the Constitutional Court last year failed to get the missions suspended, and in interim rulings they were allowed to go ahead pending a definitive ruling, as handed down Tuesday.
Despite efforts by specialists, the little boy, whose story had not been reported before, still cannot speak and has made no friends among the other children in the home.
Van der Bergh originally appeared before an Eastern Province disciplinary committee but no action was taken after a touchjudge claimed the stamping on Callard had been unintentional.
"Orient House was set up under the framework of the peace process started in Madrid nearly three years ago, well before the agreement on Palestinian autonomy was reached in Oslo last year," Husseini told Israel radio.
Previous challenges to these so-called "out of area" missions before the Constitutional Court last year failed to get the missions suspended, and in interim rulings they were allowed to go ahead pending a definitive ruling, as handed down Tuesday.
In an interview with Agence France-Presse, Leotard said France would provide part of the equipment and logistical support for a new UN peacekeeping force, to be composed mainly of African troops, which would be in place before the end of the month.
Arafat passed through the Rafah border post from Egypt before driving on to Gaza City, but there was no repeat of the mass welcome when he arrived for a five-day trip on July 1.
Graphic                     by C.W. Lim     BEIJING:        A Japanese specialist, returning from Pyongyang,                     quotes a top-level source as saying North Korea                     wants another meeting with South Korea before                     the two sides sit down to a summit delayed by                     the death of Kim Il-Sung.
                    Germany-military,3rdlead                     600 words around 1100 GMT     BERLIN:         US President Bill Clinton delivers a                     speech at the Brandenburg Gate,                     located inside East Germany before                     the fall of the Berlin Wall, at the                     end of a visit focusing on European                     integration.
In an interview with Agence France-Presse, Leotard said France would provide part of the equipment and logistical support for a new United Nations peacekeeping force, to be composed mainly of African troops, which would be in place before the end of the month.
Kuchma was spending the day at a family home 200 kilometers (125 miles) outside Kiev and was not expected to speak publicly before Wednesday.
Meanwhile, jsut hours before Arafat arrived, Palestinian gunmen shot and slightly wounded an Israeli civilian in a car near the town of Khan Yunes, military officials said.
Previous challenges to these so-called "out of area" missions before the Constitutional Court last year failed to get the missions suspended, and in interim rulings they were allowed to go ahead pending a definitive ruling, as handed down Tuesday.
Pyongyang also floated a favorable signal Tuesday, indicating that it wants a new round of talks with South Korea before the two sides could sit down for an historic summit.
She said she had been informed by a high-level communist party official in Pyongyang that North Korea wanted "a new preparatory meeting, at the level of deputy prime minister or vice president, before the summit."
The month before, on April 12, the Soviets had sent the first man into space, Yuri Gagarin.
In January 1984, before the thawing effects of perestroika opened relations between the superpowers, US president Ronald Reagan urged the construction in 10 years of a manned US space station, which he proudly baptized "Freedom."
They added they believed that Le Van Than (eds: correct), who was of Vietnamese origin and born in Ho Chi Minh City, had poisoned or asphyxiated the children - four boys and two girls aged between 18 months and 18 - before hanging himself.
The evacuation has originally been slated for Saturday, but was put back to Monday before being cancelled because of the Serb refusal to let them fly, Janowski said.
Immediately before his death, he was monitoring North Korea following the weekend announcement of Kim's death, police said.
A spokeswoman for the ministry said she had not heard of the association before.
A second joint committee will deal with transferring civilian powers in the West Bank to the self-rule authority whose members were appointed by Arafat, before tackling procedures for elections to a self-rule council.
This committee "will begin by studying the education dossier," Shaath said, before it moves on to taxes, tourism, social affairs and water.
North Korea wants meeting with South before summit by Gilles Campion  BEIJING, July 12 (AFP)  North Korea wants another meeting with South Korea before the two sides sit down to a summit delayed by the death of Kim Il-Sung, a Japanese international affairs specialist said here Tuesday after a trip to Pyongyang.
"He told me that North Korea wanted a new preparatory meeting, at the level of deputy prime minister or vice president, before the summit," she said, without identifying the source.
The wild chase, which saw the 1.2-metre (four-feet) creature hurdle several police cars, finally ended when the bear -- a rare species threatened with extinction -- was shot before dawn.
The bear thwarted the attempt by jumping on the cars before escaping again.
Other dealers believe a slightly correction is in order before the US currency can slide further, towards the key support levels of 1.50 marks and 95.00 yen.
The first fragment, one of the smallest, will strike Jupiter at a speed of 60 kilometers (38 miles) per second just just before 2000 GMT July 16.
Burns, 37, originally joined Celtic in 1974 and shared in many trophy triumphs before joining then second division Kilmarnock for 50,000 in December 1989.
As for Algeria's foreign community, which numbered about 30,000 before the militants warned all foreigners to leave the country last September, it now has been reduced to a few hundred, most of them diplomats and official employees.
(AFP)     BEIJING: North Korea wants another meeting with South Korea before the two  sides sit down to a summit delayed by the death of Kim Il-Sung, a Japanese  international affairs specialist said after a trip to Pyongyang.
Francisco Cabello of Spain won in Brighton after a 180km escape, while the seventh stage was enlivened by a 180km solo ride from Italian Eros Poli which saw him forge a lead of 18-and-half minutes before he was caught.
The centre interviewed 1,974 Palestinians on June 30, a week before it was revealed that a Palestinian suspect died in the police custody in Gaza.
The shooting came just hours before PLO chairman Yasser Arafat arrived in the Strip to settle permanently in Gaza City and take over the running of the autonomous authority.
Lister, playing in her fourth World Cup, said: "Everyone is fit and we're better prepared than ever before.
He also accused southern troops of " torching and destroying" public buildings before their defeat, especially the headquarters of Aden radio.
They said the US Federal Reserve was now unlikely to raise the short- term Fed Funds rate before the policy-making Open Market Committee meets on August 16.
Delegates next week "will begin by studying the education dossier" and direct taxation before moving on to 22 or 23 other dossiers, Shaath said.
Benn's last defence was an impressive points victory over York's Henry Wharton and, before that, he looked to be unlucky to be given only a draw in his re-match with Eubank at Old Trafford.
   News agenda for Wednesday, July 13     SEOUL:     Update on Kim Il Sung succession     SARAJEVO:  British Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd and his                French counterpart Alain Juppe hold talks with                Bosnian President Alija Izetbegovic before                meeting the Bosnian Serb leader, Radovan                Karadzic, in Pale.
At Indosuez bank dealer Annie Green said that the fall of the dollar was becoming "dramatic" and might go as far as 1.49-1.50 marks before the end of the week if international monetary authorities did not respond.
Kennedy Airport here Tuesday, but not before logging 30,000 miles in the air.
Singh's sea swinger  TURNBERRY, Scotland, July 12 (AFP)  Fijian big-hitter Vijay Singh sized up an unorthodox target here on Tuesday -- a lighthouse -- before getting the British Open championship in his sights.
But, just hours before the central bank announcement, all of Canada's major commercial banks announced they were cutting their prime lending rate -- effective Wednesday -- by one quarter of a percentage point to 7.75 percent.
Van den Berg was initially cleared by an Eastern Province disciplinary committee, who said it had been accidental, before the South African Rugby Football Union (SARFU) reopened the affair.
The Englishman, who won the title in 1992, spoke of the trials of the past 18 months as he broke off between practice rounds before the start of the championship here on Thursday.
Playing only his second game of the season, the former England left- hander survived for 147 balls and hit eight fours before edging Brian McMillan to first slip.
Chris Scott also chipped in with a spirited 53 before McMillan polished off the tail to finish with four for 47.
Nasreen, 32, who worked as a gynecologist before becoming a writer, is currently living in hiding in Dacca.
The suspects were arrested Sunday in the town on the German border after the 25-year-old woman gave police a description of her assailants before being taken to hospital with burns over 60 percent of her body.
They raped  her, bound her and poured petrol over her, before setting her alight and leaving her for dead in a forest.
"I am confident that my sitting on those cases did not represent any conflict of interest," said Breyer, raising the issue himself before the 18-member Senate Judiciary Committee.
Sweden, a finalist 36 years ago, and Bulgaria, who hadn't won a match at the World Cup in 16 attempts before arriving in the USA, have already exceeded their objectives.
"I said before the game to our players that what we are playing for today is to play Brazil in the World Cup semi-finals and that is great thing for a player from Sweden.
Khalid Gharib, 41, is slated to appear before a Dusseldorf court in the autumn on charges of hostage-taking and interrupting air traffic, Dusseldorf prosecutor Hans-Martin Blaskowitz said.
Perry, who was defending the Pentagon's 1995 budget proposal before a Senate subcommittee, said the current US deployment was not adequate to cope with a military conflict.
"We will pull out roughly 300 soldiers before July 31, a withdrawal which will be followed by the arrival of African soldiers," he told French television.
Leotard said France would provide part of the equipment and logistical support for a new UN peacekeeping force, to be composed mainly of African troops, which would be in place before the end of the month.
White House seeking to establish code of business principles for China by Karen Lowe  WASHINGTON, July 12 (AFP)  The White House wants to craft a statement of principles for doing business in China before Congress considers two bills that would slap sanctions on some of China's exports, a senior advisor said Tuesday.
Lukashenko told a press conference here that he would take the oath as president on July 20 before parliament and would "perhaps" use the occasion to propose his prime minister.
The US currency hit a new post-war intra-day low of 96.60 yen in London on Tuesday before regaining the 97-yen level in New York later Tuesday.
Although the 53-year-old general said it was "a little early" to predict when he would meet with the dissident, unidentified diplomats and Burmese officials told the daily it would not happen before a national constitutional convention reconvened in September.
On Tuesday, the dollar was traded in Tokyo as low as 97.05 yen -- a new record intra-day low here -- before closing at 97.07 yen.
forecast on Tuesday that Japan's invisible trade deficit of 5.8 billion dollars in the year to March, would be halved to three billion dollars in the current fiscal year, before posting a surplus of 500 million dollars in fiscal 1995.
If Bulgaria, who had never won a World Cup match in 16 attempts before USA 94, can overcome the Italians they will have accounted for three teams who between them have won the World Cup eight times.
The radio broadcast did not, however, mention the titles per se, and analysts here said it was probable the titles would not be officially used before Kim Il-Sung's funeral on July 17.
Five rockets will be launched from southern Japan over a period of five years, each placing a capsule in orbit for about a week before re-entering the atmosphere and touching down by parachute at Woomera.
The NL stars were two outs from defeat before pinch-hitter Fred McGriff slammed a two-run home run that evened the score to force extra innings.
Fans jeered every introduction of Bonds, a hero here before departing the hometown Pirates for more money in San Francisco.
The NL stars were two outs from defeat in the ninth before he slammed a two-run homer to even the score and force extra innings.
A sellout crowd of 59,568 jeered every introduction of Barry Bonds, a hero here before departing the hometown Pirates for more money in San Francisco.
North Korean television has broadcast abroad scenes of mass mourning before the colossal statue, built in 1972 for Kim Il-Sung's 60th birthday.
The company plans to sell 300,000 24-can cases of Classic through three affiliated companies around Tokyo areas before expanding its sales.
Hurd and Juppe were to hold talks here Wednesday morning with Bosnia President Alija Izetbegovic before going on to nearby Pale, in the early afternoon, for talks with Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic.
Meanwhile in Paris Defence Minister Francois Leotard said late Tuesday that France "will pull out roughly 300 soldiers before July 31, a withdrawal which will be followed by the arrival of African soldiers."
He added that France would provide part of the equipment and logistical support for a new UN peacekeeping force, to be composed mainly of African troops, which would be in place before the end of the month.
"The Hutu-Tutsi problem has often been used as a screen to settle a complicated political situation," he said, before adding that "now, every Rwandan citizen will have the same rights and the same duties."
The Rafah border post, where senior PLO officials were expected to cross into Gaza legally later Wednesday, was re-opened before midday after being shut for several hours.
Like the French before, the Springboks were heavily penalized for not retreating 10 metres on a penalty, and in the 14th minute Taranaki's veteran fullback Kieran Crowley took points to tie up the match.
Kim Il-Sung held all three posts, and analysts here said the titles, in any case, were unlikely to be officially bestowed on him before Kim Il-Sung's funeral on Sunday.
came late Tuesday, hours before the boards of broadcast network owner CBS Inc.
Sophisticated shortwave sets can get around government jamming, but as in Indonesia in the 1970's with Radio Beijing, Moscow only a few years ago with VOA and Radio Free Europe and countless other Cold War examples, there is a simple caveat: don't let your neighbours hear you! Only two weeks ago -- before Kim Il-Sung died but while arrangements were in full swing for the unprecedented North-South Korean summit -- the government told parliament that it was not yet time to lift the tough National Security Law.
He cautioned that the problem should be resolved before the PAP 'pledging session' in Paris on July 21 and 22.
Twagiramungu was in Tanzania Tuesday before flying to Kigali Wednesday for his first visit to the country since being named last week as prime minister of a future government proposed by the RPF.
The Rafah border post, where senior PLO officials were expected to cross into Gaza legally later Wednesday, was re-opened before midday after being shut for several hours.
Sophisticated shortwave sets can get around government jamming, but as in Indonesia in the 1970's with Radio Beijing, Moscow only a few years ago with VOA and Radio Free Europe and countless other Cold War examples, there is a simple caveat: don't let your neighbours hear you! Only two weeks ago -- before Kim Il-Sung died but while arrangements were in full swing for the unprecedented North-South Korean summit -- the government told parliament that it was not yet time to lift the tough National Security Law.
"We are all the more pleased to hear from President Izetbegovic and his colleagues that they are going to recommend the plan for acceptance by their parliament on the 18th of July," the day before the international deadline set for a decision on the plan from both sides, Hurd added.
French Defence Minister Francois Leotard said Tuesday 300 of the 2,500 French troops involved in its intervention in Rwanda would start to pull out before July 31.
"The Hutu-Tutsi problem has often been used as a screen to settle a complicated political situation," he said, before adding that "now, every Rwandan citizen will have the same rights and the same duties."
The latter used to belong to the East German army before being recuperated by the German army when Germany unified in 1990.
Economists here said that the bank did not want to reduce the repurchase rate unduly quickly so as not to cause expectations that it would reduce the discount and Lombard rates when the central council meets on July 21 for the last time before the summer holiday.
Li, who had returned only hours earlier from a European tour, bowed three times before a portrait of Kim.
A flourishing black market has sprung up with stolen booty fetching prices double those before May 5 when the war erupted between rival northern and southern troops.
And later in the night the premises of the daily Sawt al-Ummal, run by trade unions close to the southern Yemen Socialist Party, was turned over, before being torched.
McMullan said the summit of the Group of Seven industrial countries in Naples, Italy, last weekend had done well to avoid discussion on a new round of trade talks before the implementation of the Uruguay Round of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.
He attempted to collect samples of lunar debris while Aldrin filmed the scene, before joining his fellow astronaut on the moon's surface.
Their task completed, Armstrong and Aldrin reboarded the module for an obligatory rest before leaving the moon.
The Bosnian parliament will vote on Monday, a day before the deadline set by world powers for agreement or rejection of the peace blueprint drafted by an international contact group made up of the United States, Russia, European countries and the United Nations.
Much lobbying and pressure took place before the appointments were made notably because Berlusconi himself owns three private television channels.
Judge Abdallah Bitar questioned Geagea five hours before issuing the indictment, they added.
Kim Il-Sung held all three posts, and analysts here said the titles, in any case, were unlikely to be officially bestowed on him before Kim Il-Sung's funeral on Sunday.
The mountain was traditionally worshipped before the Korean peninsula was divided by the superpowers at the end of World War II.
Only a few days before the senior Kim's death, KCNA reported a sighting of a "triple rainbow" at Paektu as "nature's praise of (the junior Kim's) brilliant revolutionary feats."
They were arrested at Chah Bahar airport, on the Oman Sea, before taking a flight to Tehran, it added.
Switzerland sees German heavy hand in bid for World Trade body  GENEVA, July 13 (AFP)  Switzerland accused Germany of using economic and political muscle in the competition to provide a home for the new World Trade Organisation (WTO) on Wednesday two days before the outcome was to be announced.
Comcast's offer was made late Tuesday, hours before the boards of broadcast network owner CBS Incorporated and QVC Incorporated were to vote separately on their merger agreement.
UN spokesman regrets inability to probe massacre report  WASHINGTON, July 13 (AFP)  A United Nations human rights monitor lamented Wednesday that his team could not investigate reports of a massacre of 12 Haitians before it leaves under orders of the military government.
Comcast's offer was made late Tuesday, hours before the boards of broadcast network owner CBS and QVC were to vote separately on their merger agreement.
The millionaire politician, who is widely presumed to have won a 1993 election whose results were shelved by the military, is due to appear before the Abuja court Thursday.
Schumacher and Hill called to account  PARIS, July 13 (AFP)  Michael Schumacher and Damon Hill, along with Mika Hakkinen and Rubens Barrichello, have been summoned to appear before Formula One's ruling body, following incidents at Sunday's British Grand Prix.
The International Automobile Federation said Wednesday that the four drivers, along with clerk of the course Pierre Aumonier, have been summoned before a specially convened meeting of the FIA World Motor Sport Council.
World championship leader Schumacher overtook Hill during the warm-up lap before Sunday's race at Silverstone.
When Schumacher did eventually stop, the delay helped the Englishman to win the race before an esctatic home crowd.
Indurain and Leblanc eventually caught Pantani before Leblanc won the sprint, while Rominger, who had started the day 2mins 28secs behind, crawled in over two minutes behind, clearly devastated.
The only people pulling their hair out on Wednesday were Rominger -- and the sponsors, who saw a nicely-balanced event all but decided before the halfway mark.
"We are only partly ready," chief-of-staff of the armed forces General Klaus Naumann said Wednesday in a television interview, indicating it would take four or five years before they were fully operational.
Falling short of rejecting the plan outright, he said the Bosnian Serb assembly would vote on the blueprint on Monday -- a day before the deadline set by the international community for the parties to agree on the plan -- and that legislators would be entitled to make up their own minds.
But the craft were forced to land in Serb-held territory to be checked before going on to Sarajevo and the Serbs have since refused all helicopter evacuation of civilians.
The Italian players recieved a telegram from Rome before the game which read 'Win or die'.
But the singer will go ahead with her planned performance at the Rose Bowl before the World Cup final on Sunday.
for their own benefit," Caldera said during a speech before the Fedecamaras business association late Tuesday.
Despite calls from the Duma to speed the process up, it is likely to be six months to a year before the bill finally appears before parliament.
The bill sets out "a different hierarchy from before: it recognises the primacy of the individual over society and over the state," said Sidorenko.
Ignoring marshal George Sloan's protest that the tee was not to be used before the tournament, Daly told him: "Well, I'm  playing in the tournament!" Typically, Daly struck a seven-iron to within six feet for a birdie two, leaving the marshal shaking his head.
(TURNBERRY) "We won enough so my wife can go to the tent and buy half a sweater," said Nicklaus, in a side-swipe at local prices that have threatened to empty the on-site bank before even the first round gets under way on Thursday.
De Waal also said Armscor sales to the Rwandan government were halted in September, "before any requests by other countries" were received to stop south Africa selling weapons to the war-torn central African state.
But De Waal said the government would be severely embarrassed if it tried to force corporation officials to testify before a Truth Commission for crimes committed during the years of exclusive white rule.
"If the government wants to be embarrased, we will go before a Truth Commission and talk about the countries South Africa dealt with," he said.
Williams also ruled out reports that UNPROFOR would pull out of Croatia before the end of its mandate on September 30.
Comcast's offer was made late Tuesday, hours before the boards of broadcast network owner CBS and QVC were to vote separately on their merger agreement.
Syria demands a total Israeli withdrawal from the Golan Heights, seized in the 1967 Middle East war, while Israel wants a prior pledge from Damascus to normalise relations before any withdrawal.
The pair eventually overhauled Pantani, who became famous overnight during the Giro when he took five minutes off Indurain and eventual winner Evgeni Berzin during two stages in the Dolomites, before Leblanc won the sprint in a final time of 6hr 58min 4sec.
Thursday is a rest day before the race moves to the 204.5km 12th stage between Lourdes and Luz-Ardiden, containing four climbs including the infamous Col de Peyresourde and Col du Tourmalet.
Norwich chairman Robert Chase said two clubs had met his asking price before Wednesday's deadline.
Security Council calls for a meeting of Liberian factions  UNITED NATIONS, July 13 (AFP)  The Security Council urged Liberia's transition government Wednesday to call a meeting of the warring factions before July 31 to accelerate the disarmament process.
That means it will be March before the UN team will be able to report to the council on the results of its labors.
The Security Council is expected to re-examine the sanctions before Monday but has ruled out any immediate modifications in the sanctions regime, Western diplomats said.
Ekeus said that uncertainties persisted about Iraq's military programs before the Gulf War since Baghdad has insisted that paperwork on the programs was destroyed.
French Defence Minister Francois Leotard said Tuesday 300 of the 2,500 French troops involved in its intervention in Rwanda would start to pull out before July 31.
They will be brought before a judge on Friday.
Moore estimated the greenback could gain as much as a pfennig against the mark, before retreating again.
He hit an 88th minute winner against Spain in the quarter-finals, and a last minute leveller against Nigeria in the second round, before converting the penalty winner in extra time.
He curled a shot into the far corner out of Bulgarian keeper Boris Mikhailov's reach, and then latched onto a Demetrio Albertini chip over the Bulgarian defence before cracking the ball past Mikhailov.
Mathier said that his committee had reviewed the videotape 10 times before reaching its decision.
In Sofia, Bulgarian newspapers had said before the match that they had no chance of winning because the referee was French.
Hristo Stoichkov's penalty just before the break ensured the overwhelmingly pro Italian crowd was not released from its tension until Joel Quiniou blew the final whistle.
Sirakov's weavy run drew Alessandro Costacurta into a clumsy tackle a minute before half-time to give Stoichkov the chance to score his sixth goal of the tournament.
In Sofia, Bulgarian newspapers had said before the match that they had no chance of winning because the referee was French.
The result was that the US Army helicopters, accustomed to operating independently of the air force, entered the no-fly zone before it had been swept by F-15s, standard procedure for fixed wing aircraft.
Man United star Eric Cantona arrested before Brazil-Sweden semi-final  LOS ANGELES, July 13 (AFP)  Manchester United star and French international Eric Cantona was handcuffed and taken away by police following an argument with officials before the Brazil-Sweden World Cup semi-final here Wednesday.
Shortly before the kick-off a security guard told him to take his seat.
Such changes, considered unthinkable before, quickly spread to music, literature and other areas.
Brazil had a more nervewracking time before posting a 1-0 victory over another upstart team, Sweden, at the Rose Bowl.
Teledyne called the latest charges unfounded and said the company had received a US government export license before the shipment.
No strike deadline was set, but most players said they wanted to delay a walkout until September 30, two days before the scheduled end of the season.
Although Hristo Stoichkov's penalty just before the interval kept the overwhelmingly pro-Italian Giants Stadium crowd on its toes until Joel Quiniou blew the final whistle, the solid Italian defence never looked like allowing a second.
The signal that this was to be their maestro's day unleashed wave after wave of Italian attack that could easily have yielded two more goals before Baggio notched his second.
Nasko Sirakov's weavy run drew Alessandro Costacurta into a clumsy tackle a minute before half-time to give Stoichkov the chance to score his sixth goal of the tournament from a penalty.
Ravelli did well to block another superb shot from Mazinho in the area before half-time.
But the referee gave Brazil a free-kick and before the Swedish defence could re-organise, the ball was moved across field for Bebeto to send Jorginho into space.
The spokesman, quoted in a Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) dispatch monitored here, said: "We will receive with warm compatriotic feelings mourning groups or mourners from South Korea who come to Pyongyang to express condolences before the bier of respected president Kim Il-Sung and attend the national memorial service."
Although Hristo Stoichkov's penalty just before the interval kept the overwhelmingly pro-Italian Giants Stadium crowd on its toes until Joel Quiniou blew the final whistle, the solid Italian defence never looked like allowing a second.
After two days of talks in Beijing, Goodlad will leave for Shanghai and Guangzhou on Saturday, before flying to Hong Kong on Wednesday for talks with Patten.
"The best days were during the British mandate of Palestine," recalled Abu Hassira, speaking of the 1920-1948 period before the creation of the state of Israel.
"Some people are more afraid now than before," said Abu Hassira, adding that the practice of fishing in the neighboring waters is not new.
The next resistance levels were seen at 98.60 yen, but no significant moves were expected in the absence of any market-moving news before the publication of US industrial production data on Friday.
Tigers to boycott polls, peace talks later: report  COLOMBO, July 14 (AFP)  Tamil Tiger guerrillas have decided to boycott next month's general elections and ruled out peace talks before a new administration is set up in Colombo, the state-run Daily News said Thursday.
Since his appointment as governor in 1992, Patten, 48, has riled Beijing by proposing to broaden democratic rights in the colony before China assumes control.
"The dollar could still rise to 1.55 marks during the day, but if nothing happens soon, it could slump through the 1.5370-mark and 97.75-yen level before this evening," he said.
In Paris, meanwhile French Cooperation Minister Michel Roussin said Thursday that France was equipping a 500-strong inter-African force which would take part in the French-led operation before joining the UN Assistance Mission in Rwanda (UNAMIR II).
Mitterrand centred his traditional Bastille Day message to the army -- his last before leaving office next year -- on the twin themes of European construction and the allied landings in France in 1944 that finally drove the German Nazi forces out.
"I swear before God to uphold the interests of the Palestinian people, to obey the orders of the legitimate authority and to carry out my duties with discipline," they intoned together in the ceremony at Gaza City's football stadium.
"Witnesses reported seeing a blue flame a second before hearing a blast and yesterday repairs were carried out in the cafeteria during which gas pipes could have been damaged," a police official said.
The helicopters had to land in Serb-held territory to be checked before going on to Sarajevo.
They said that confessions from suspects revealed that 27 men were flown to Islamabad from Bombay on flag-carrier Pakistan International Airlines a month before the bombings.
"But if there was an object out of the other 95 percent we have yet to discover then the first we would know of it would be when it enters the atmosphere maybe two or three seconds before it hits the ground.
"But if there was an object out of the other 95 percent we have yet to discover then the first we would know of it would be when it enters the atmosphere maybe two or three seconds before it hits the ground.
The first of 21 fragments from comet Shoemaker-Levy-9 will smash into the far side of Jupiter Saturday, just before 2000 GMT.
Israel, Jordan argue about talks before they start by Randa Habib  AMMAN, July 14 (AFP)  Israel and Jordan are arguing over procedures for next week's negotiations along their common ceasefire line, their first bilateral talks in the Middle East, an official spokesman said here Thursday.
 (GAZA CITY) Mamduh Nofel told journalists before leaving Cairo that he had not sneaked into Gaza.
"It is a serious violation of the autonomy accord," he told journalists before leaving for Jericho to take up his post in the Palestinian Authority.
But the resolution has to be ratified by President Elias Hrawi within a month and published in the official gazette before private radios and televisions can resume broadcasting news programmes.
In June, on the day before the anniversary of the election, Abiola declared the military regime which took power last November to be illegitimate and pronounced himself head of state.
The helicopters had to land in Serb-held territory to be checked before going on to Sarajevo.
Sharif, who was handcuffed throughout his court appearance, has leave to appeal before the supreme appelate tribunal within a week.
"I have never started that early in the British Open before and I had cobwebs in my head all morning."
The comments came before the expected arrival Monday of US Secretary of State Warren Christopher who will resume his peace shuttle mission between Jerusalem and Damascus.
"WFP foresees acute food needs in the before the end of this month", the statement added.
Gana said that since Abiola's case was already before the court, his release would have to go through the judiciary process.
The comments came before the expected arrival Monday of US Secretary of State Warren Christopher who will resume his peace shuttle mission between Jerusalem and Damascus.
Israel demands a Syrian commitment to full peace with open borders before negotiating the scale of a phased withdrawal.
But Mitterrand dismissed Pasqua's comments during his annual July 14 television interview -- his last before leaving office this year -- saying it represented a voice from the past.
But Mitterrand dismissed Pasqua's comments during his annual July 14 television interview -- his last before leaving office this year -- saying it represented a voice from the past.
Chrysler, which posted a strong gain of 2.35 dollars per share against 1.69 dollars a year before, earned 5/8 to hit 51-1/2.
The fifth-largest US bank announced decreased profits of 1.73 dollars per share from 2.12 dollars per share a year before.
"I have never started that early in the British Open before and I had cobwebs in my head all morning."
Chrysler, which posted a strong gain of 2.35 dollars per share against 1.69 dollars a year before, earned 5/8 to hit 51-1/2.
The fifth-largest US bank announced decreased profits of 1.73 dollars per share from 2.12 dollars per share a year before.
Bosnian Serb leadership asks for more details on Geneva plan  SARAJEVO, July 14 (AFP)  The Bosnian Serb leadership wants more details on the proposed Geneva peace plan before it votes on the package, Radio Pale reported Thursday.
The comments came before the expected arrival Monday of US Secretary of State Warren Christopher, who will resume his peace shuttle mission between Jerusalem and Damascus.
Israel demands a Syrian commitment to full peace with open borders before negotiating the scale of a phased withdrawal.
The helicopters had to land in Serb-held territory to be checked before going on to Sarajevo.
Of the more than 1,000 RENAMO guerrillas now said to be in Dombe, only 240 were registered before the incident.
One of the four, Mamduh Nofel, told journalists before leaving Cairo that he had not sneaked into Gaza.
The fibres have not been damaged but we cannot give an exact recovery time," Ferretti said just before the Italian squad flew out to Los Angeles.
"It definitely needs 48 hours of rest and we will wait until the very last minute before making a decision."
Italy, who have consistently announced their teams 24 hours before each match in USA '94, will also have to wait until the last minute to see if Franco Baresi, who had knee surgery on June 24, can return in place of the suspended Alessandro Costacurta.
The Italians were due in Los Angeles only 72 hours before the final, giving them precious little time to cope with Wednesday's match, Thursday's early start, a six hour flight and a three hour time difference.
The day before, it was Rwandan government army soldiers that were robbing the refugees of their last possessions, several said.
"Some people are very optimistic and see the dollar at 1.5650 German marks before the weekend, but personally I think that 1.56 marks and 99 yen is already optimistic," the Credit Lyonnais dealer said.
"We hope we'll get it before the end of July," said Small.
"I heard a huge explosion and when I looked out of the window there was no retirement home left," a neighbour said, while other witnesses spoke of seeing a blue flame just before the blast.
She saw a man, Vincenzo Taccardi, one of the workers who had been working on drains the day before, thrown into the air by the explosion.
Brothers Kieran, Justin and Dominic Walsh bargained with several different touts before buying three 90-dollar tickets for 50 dollars apiece.
The franc was boosted by the strength of the French bond and stock markets Wednesday and rose Thursday to 3.4270 francs for one mark from 3.4370 francs the day before.
Israel demands a Syrian commitment to full peace with open borders before negotiating the scale of a phased withdrawal.
(LOS ANGELES) Romario's far-post header in the 80th minute was all Brazil could manage although Romario, twice, and Bebeto, should have already scored before Jorginho dropped a perfect cross onto Romario's head.
They had three wickets left and were 63 in front with three overs to go before the final hour.
With only a week to go before the first Test at Lord's, Donald was still struggling to find a consistent line and finished with two for 118 from his 28 overs.
Fifteen wickets fell at Portsmouth where Gloucestershire were put on the rack by Hampshire before fighting back.
Wickets also tumbled at Canterbury as Worcestershire were hustled out for only 202 before tea before Kent replied with 95 for three.
"I have never started that early in the British Open before and I had cobwebs in my head all morning."
    July 14 (AFP) - The 2100 GMT news advisory:     WASHINGTON:     Exiled president Jean-Bertrand Aristide                     calls for "swift and definitive action" to remove                     Haiti's military leaders, but key US congressional                     figures urge President Bill Clinton to think twice                     before opting for an invasion.
In a separate development, KCBS-TV of Los Angeles broadcast a tape of assistant prosecutor Marcia Clark walking on Simpson's property, saying it was was taken 17 minutes before a judge signed a search warrant.
In a separate development, KCBS-TV of Los Angeles broadcast a tape of assistant prosecutor Marcia Clark walking on Simpson's property, saying it was was taken 17 minutes before a judge signed a search warrant.
Ulmanis refused to sign the bill into law and President Boris Yeltsin hinted last month that his troops might not leave unless the future of Latvia's Russians were guaranteed, before giving assurances that they would indeed pull out.
Baggio one match from sainthood by Erskine McCullough  LOS ANGELES, July 15 (AFP)  For a man who prefers to shun the limelight, Roberto Baggio has an amazing knack of finding himself in center stage, and always before a packed house.
Already a star before the World Cup finals began here the 26-year-old Juventus striker is now only one game away from sainthood.
Dino, like Roberto, has also had to overcome a serious knee injury that threatened to halt his career before it had really started.
Brazil had about eight central defenders before the event, and all would not have looked out of place in a world championship winning team.
Ricardo Rocha hurt his groin during the first match against Russia on June 20 and was substituted by Aldair 22 minutes before the end.
"Team spirit is good because they did not have to suffer the weight of expectation heaped on them by the Brazilian press before the event," said Polis.
Mention of Parreira's name before World Cup matches here is greeted with boos and derision by the Brazilian fans.
But before the second round match against the US Zinho said: "The press is speculating but the final decision is down to the coach.
At Santa Clara University on July 2, two days before their second round game against the US, midfielders Rai and Zinho were moved to the second team during a run out.
"In that match we equalised just before half time and at that moment we really believed we were in with a chance," recalled Riva, who is now 50.
This Brazil team has suffered under the weight of expectations since well before the Cup began.
At 27, the Juventus forward can reasonably expect to pass Riva before he ends his international career, although by then the chances are he will have played twice the number of matches Riva managed before injury brought his career to a premature end.
He scored in Italy's 10-man victory over Norway in the first round, gave Italy an early lead against Spain and worked effectively in midfield before being substituted against Bulgaria.
He scored in Italy's 10-man victory over Norway in the first round, gave Italy an early lead against Spain and worked effectively in midfield before being substituted against Bulgaria.
Despite early battles with his team-mates before the tournament, especially with the mild mannered Bebeto, has kept his word to Parriera to behave himself.
The African peacekeepers would join France's ongoing Operation Turquoise before transferring to the United Nations Aid Mission to Rwanda (UNAMIR), he said in an interview with AFP Thursday.
Khair was minister of government affairs before switching to become governor of Darfur, a post he lost with the division of the country into 26 states last January.
The Taiwanese bring the textiles, the designs and the machines in, and then pay the factory for the use of its premises and workforce -- one of the cheapest in Asia -- before re-exporting the finished products.
We have to learn to walk before we can run," Chinh said.
It had been prepared long before the death on July 8 of North Korean President Kim Il-Sung.
Ma, 60, who took up his London post in 1991, is expected to replace the current Xinhua director Zhou Nan before the end of the year, the English language Eastern Express said.
The memo said Washington should seek "reliable assurances" from Bogota and Lima before resuming cooperation.
The memo said Washington should seek "reliable assurances" from Bogota and Lima before resuming cooperation.
It is to begin broadcasting before the end of 1996 and be in full operation in mid-1997.
However, while admitting that some disputes had led to actual work stoppages this year, he stressed that the number was "very small" as most had been settled through arbitration before reaching such a drastic stage.
It had been prepared long before the death on July 8 of North Korean President Kim Il-Sung.
The visit to the Bosnian capital Friday was cancelled for security reasons, Anatolia news agency quoted Demirel as saying before his departure.
He accepted team advice not to ride after a fitness test carried out an hour before Friday's start.
Two days before Kim's funeral, a manhunt order was issued for some 100 activist students in the southwestern city of Kwangju, where a police raid into a university campus led to the discovery of an altar to honour the dead president, police said.
The two Koreas reached a tacit agreement to stop personal attacks on each other's leadership to create a favorable atmosphere before a first-ever inter-Korean summit between Kim Il-Sung and Kim Young-Sam.
Israel demands a Syrian commitment to full peace with open borders before negotiating the scale of a phased withdrawal.
Officials who refused to be named said the delegation would meet Jordanian counterparts in a hotel on the Jordanian banks of the Dead Sea to iron out last-minute differences and return home before sundown.
"There are some problems, mostly technical, to be sorted out before the talks start, but the atmosphere is very constructive and everything will be settled," one official said.
Bastille Day firecracker heads into crowd, injures nine  CLERMONT-FERRAND, France, July 15 (AFP)  A firecracker shot sideways into a crowd of people watching a Bastille Day fireworks display in central France, exploding and injuring nine onlookers before anyone had a chance to flee, police said.
The 44-year-old, who has spent 23 years on the Tour, had four birdies on the front nine and went 15 holes before making consecutive bogeys, finishing with two more birdies.
Rwanda's UN Ambassador, Jean Damascene Bizimana, was appointed in January, three months before civil war broke out.
Marker said that before the UN General Assembly convenes in September, two things could happen: either Rwanda would appoint a new ambassador to the United Nations or the country would decline to head the Security Council, leaving the post to another member.
Israel demands a Syrian commitment to full peace with open borders before negotiating the scale of a phased withdrawal.
The greenback was being traded at 1.5508 marks from 1.5540 at the Thursday close, but remained higher than levels reached before Bentsen's comments at 1.5465 marks.
The officials said that the strength of the yen tended to boost the surplus in the short term before cutting it back as exports became more expensive and imports cheaper, a process referred to by economists as the J-curve effect.
The RPF is demanding an end to the massacres of the civilian population and the arrest of former officials of the regime of the late president Juvenal Habyarimana before declaring a ceasefire.
In one sign of the positive new atmosphere, China gave a low-key reaction to the Hong Kong legislature's passage earlier this month of Patten's reform bill, which expands the franchise in Hong Kong's final elections before 1997.
Beijing simply reiterated its intention to replace the existing political structure when it takes over, without resorting to the kind of public attacks that had characterised Sino-British relations before the recent thaw.
Goodlad is to leave here Saturday for Shanghai and then the southern city of Guangzhou, before flying to Hong Kong on Wednesday for talks with Patten.
The Palestinians, arrested at construction sites and factories, each had to pay a 250-shekel (75 dollar) fine before being sent back to the West Bank or Gaza.
The RPF is demanding an end to massacres of the civilian population and the arrest of former officials of the regime of the late president Juvenal Habyarimana before declaring a ceasefire.
The two Koreas reached a tacit agreement to stop personal attacks on each other's leadership to create a favorable atmosphere before a first-ever inter-Korean summit between Kim Il-Sung and Kim Young-Sam.
He broke again for 3-1 in the second set and took a 2-0 lead on sets after Krajicek saved a trio of set points before hitting a backhand out.
And now Atherton must decide if and where the axe is to fall before South Africa's historic return to Lord's next Thursday.
With Andy Caddick and Chris Lewis both fit again and among the wickets, Angus Fraser's place could be under threat before this summer finishes.
Decision next Friday on WTO site  GENEVA, July 15 (AFP)  The winner of the Swiss-German battle to host the headquarters of the future World Trade Organisation will not be known before the end of next week, trade officials said here Friday.
"As of January 5, I will activate my ideas box, not before," he said in June following a meeting with Balladur.
He broke again for 3-1 in the second set and clinched the second set after Krajicek saved three set points before hitting a backhand out.
The president of the European Parliament, Egon Klepsch, said during the meeting that Santer, 57, would appear before the Euro-assembly next Thursday to present his ideas and policies.
Courier beat big-serving Richard Krajicek in straight sets 6-4, 6-3, 6-3, before Sampras crushed Jacco Eltingh 6-2, 6-2, 6-0.
Kagame said the rebels were consolidating their position after taking Ruhengeru in the north before continuing to Gisenyi, the government's retreat base near the Zairean border.
US cuts diplomatic ties with Hutu government in Rwanda  WASHINGTON, July 15 (AFP)  The United States will no longer recognise the government of Rwanda and will wait a while before resuming diplomatic ties, Secretary of State Warren Christopher said Friday.
The president of the European Parliament, Egon Klepsch, said Santer, 57, would appear before the Euro-assembly next Thursday to present his policies, and that the Euro-MP's would probably vote on his nomination later in the day.
EU Trade Commissioner Leon Brittan, who had himself been a candidate before the first round of voting on Delors' successor, said he "warmly congratulated" Santer.
Eltingh was broken twice per set and saved one match point before falling to the Sampras juggarnaut.
US cuts diplomatic ties with Rwanda  WASHINGTON, July 15 (AFP)  The United States will no longer recognise the government of Rwanda and will wait before resuming diplomatic ties, Secretary of State Warren Christopher said Friday.
"It is a clear case of breaking Romanian law on adoptions," said a police spokesman, adding that the case would be submitted to the courts "before the end of the month."
Parnevik explained: "Three years ago I was practising in Florida before the European Tour and wanted some sun before I came back to Europe.
The populist priest was elected in 1990 and served less than a year before the military rulers sent him into exile.
Against the yen, it traded at 98.25 yen, up from 97.97 in the morning and 98.55 the night before.
Braun responded with coaches and other advice, but he never expected the Bulgarians, who had never before won a World Cup match, to knock Germany out in the quarter-finals.
George Magnus, an economist at the merchant bank SG Warburg, said dealers were waiting on US Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's speech to the US Congress Wednesday and the meeting of the Bundesbank council Thursday before deciding which way to send the greenback.
"I've the feeling that if the Fed does not raise rates this week, it won't do it before its next meeting on August 16," Magnus said.
On Friday she took part in a public debate before taking tea with Havel in the gardens of Prague Castle.
The Frenchman broke him against in the third game of the second set, but Holm fought back hard in the third set, before capitulating in the 12th game.
His comments on South Korea came two days before the funeral of North Korean leader Kim Il-Sung.
Cowlings had called police from a car phone to tell them Simpson was in his car and that he only wantED to talk to his mother before surrendering.
Greenspan wants federal spending cuts, says US can't manipulate dollar  WASHINGTON, July 15 (AFP)  Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Friday that federal spending cuts are the only way to prevent budget deficit growth before the end of the decade.
In his first testimony before the panel, Greenspan said the US economy's recent "ideal combination" of rising growth, declining employment and low inflation should not prevent officials from addressing the problem of the budget deficit "head on."
"A certain category of magistrates have acquired enormous popularity and are disappointed not to see their faces on television any more," he said, before appealing for "the closing of the chapter of Italy's moral crisis."
Trading volume rose to 31.4 billion marks from 24.7 billion the week before.
by the office of the military prosecutor not to permit a team of international medical experts to examine defendants before the military court who allege that they were tortured and forced to sign confessions of guilt."
Human Rights Watch identified the eight defendants and said they were on trial "before military courts on charges related to their 'dealings with the Israeli enemy'."
That was part of my game I was struggling with before."
The fire then spread to within three kilometers (two miles) of Machu Picchu, a massive 13 square kilometer (five square mile) site built and abandoned by the Incas before the Spanish arrived in Peru in 1532.
Although issues discussed when he met General Abacha and Chief Abiola were not disclosed, sources said Anyaoku proposed to both men ways in which the current political crisis can be checked before it "goes completely out of hand."
The summit, to discuss progress on achieving a solution to the political future of Northern Ireland, had been scheduled to be held before the end of this month.
A summit before the end of the month would have coincided with the response by Sinn Fein, the political wing of the Irish Republican Army, to the Downing Street Declaration signed last December.
Rebel forces took over the south and east of the country before being pushed back in 1993.
The populist priest was elected in 1990 and served less than a year before the military rulers sent him into exile.
Meeting deals double injury blow to British hopes  LONDON, July 15 (AFP)  Linford Christie and Colin Jackson fell victim to a double injury blow at Crystal Palace Friday, just three weeks before the European Championships.
Close friend Jackson withdrew before the start of the 110m hurdles with a groin strain.
Borton called the floods of refugees "massive movements of population on a scale not seen before in this century."
Bosnia tops agenda of Central European summit  TRIESTE, Italy, July 16 (AFP)  The crisis in Bosnia-Hercegovina tops the agenda of a summit of 10 central European countries to be held here Saturday, three days before the deadline for the belligerents to approve an international peace plan.
If everybody sticks to the script, Hungarian referee Sandor Puhl will be calling a wrap on a Brazilian win shortly before 6:00 p.m. and the titles will go up with either Dunga or Rai hoisting Brazil's fourth World Cup trophy towards the heavens.
Brazil had about eight central defenders before the event, and all would not have looked out of place in a world championship winning team.
(LOS ANGELES) Ricardo Rocha hurt his groin during the first match against Russia on June 20 and was substituted by Aldair 22 minutes before the end.
(LOS ANGELES) "Team spirit is good because they did not have to suffer the weight of expectation heaped on them by the Brazilian press before the event," said Polis.
At Santa Clara University on July 2, two days before their second round game against the US, midfielders Rai and Zinho were moved to the second team during a run out.
Mention of Parreira's name before World Cup matches here is greeted with boos and derision by the Brazilian fans.
Baggio one match from sainthood by Erskine McCullough  LOS ANGELES, July 16 (AFP)  For a man who prefers to shun the limelight, Roberto Baggio has an amazing knack of finding himself in center stage, and always before a packed house.
Already a star before the World Cup finals began here the 26-year-old Juventus striker is now only one game away from sainthood.
Dino, like Roberto, has also had to overcome a serious knee injury that threatened to halt his career before it had really started.
"In that match we equalised just before half time and at that moment we really believed we were in with a chance," recalled Riva, who is now 50.
This Brazil team has suffered under the weight of expectations since well before the Cup began.
At 27, the Juventus forward can reasonably expect to pass Riva before he ends his international career, although by then the chances are he will have played twice the number of matches Riva managed before injury brought his career to a premature end.
Despite early battles with his team-mates before the tournament, especially with the mild mannered Bebeto, has kept his word to Parriera to behave himself.
He scored in Italy's 10-man victory over Norway in the first round, gave Italy an early lead against Spain and worked effectively in midfield before being substituted against Bulgaria.
He runs a department store in the Hungarian country town of Eger and before these finals described his biggest job as refereeing the World Cup qualifying play-off between Australia and Argentina in Sydney.
Zhang Junsheng, deputy director of Xinhua News Agency, told reporters late Friday that the report that Ma, 60, was to replace current Xinhua director Zhou Nan before the end of the year, was "totally untrue."
"But if there was an object out of the other 95 percent we have yet to discover then the first we would know of it would be when it enters the atmosphere maybe two or three seconds before it hits the ground.
The summit had been set to take place July 25-27 in Pyongyang before Kim died.
Qian told journalists before entering talks with Goodlad that "comprehensive cooperation in all areas" was required if they were to work together after two years of wrangling over electoral reform in Hong Kong, which reverts to China on July 1, 1997.
China gave a low-key reaction to the Hong Kong legislature's passage earlier this month of Governor Chris Patten's controversial reform bill, which expands the franchise in the final elections before 1997.
Lebanon refuses to disband Hezbollah before Israel complies with UN Security Council Resolution 425 to evacuate a "security zone" in south Lebanon, a move which would also pave the way for setting up a joint military commission.
The child was found before dawn "in suspicious circumstances" at an address in Nottingham, central England, less than a mile (less than two kilometers) from the Queen's Medical Centre from where Abbie was kidnapped, said a police spokesman cited by British television newscasts.
But one official said that problems might develop over "readjustment of the government hierarchy" which should be completed before the funeral.
Senior NATO, UN commanders discuss Bosnia crisis  ZAGREB, July 16 (AFP)  Senior NATO and UN commanders were to meet here Saturday to discuss the Bosnian crisis, four days before an international deadline for acceptance of a peace plan runs out.
They were speaking shortly before the announcement of the first ever summit meeting between Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and Jordan's King Hussein in Washington on July 25.
Israel meanwhile demands a Syrian commitment to full peace with open borders before negotiating the scale of a phased withdrawal.
They were speaking shortly before the announcement of the first ever summit meeting between Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and Jordan's King Hussein in Washington on July 25.
Israel meanwhile demands a Syrian commitment to full peace with open borders before negotiating the scale of a phased withdrawal.
Hoch was less happy after having been five under on the front nine before slipping on the way home.
He said the Jordanian negotiators knew their Israeli counterparts well, since they had met at bilateral peace talks in Washington before the February 25 Hebron mosque massacre caused their suspension.
Only 75 of the 183 companies listed in Shanghai and Shenzhen before the end of 1993 have submitted to the China Securities Regulatory Commission annual reports that meet the watchdog's standards, a CSRC spokesman said, adding that 14 companies had not provided anything at all.
Some companies have simply handed over copies of newspapers that carried their annual reports, as was the practice before the CSRC was set up last year, the spokesman said.
It set off several land mines which were planted around the prison compound before the 1979 Islamic revolution, and burned trees in the courtyard.
                    Italy-politics                     by Olivier Baube     SUTHERLAND,     South Africa:   International astronomers at a                     hilltop observatory near this icy Karoo                     semi-desert town fear the leading                     fragment of the comet Shoemaker-Levy-9                     will break up before colliding with                     Jupiter and reduce what they are hoping                     will be an almighty explosion into                     little more than a shotgun blast.
"I note that Assad is just as obstinate as before," Peres told the radio.
Israel meanwhile demands a Syrian commitment to full peace with open borders before negotiating the scale of a phased withdrawal.
He was rushed to a hospital in Le Mans, before being transferred to Paris later in the day.
(picture) "Nightwatchmen" jittery ahead of cosmic collision by Bryan Pearson  SUTHERLAND, South Africa, July 16 (AFP)  International astronomers at a hilltop observatory near this icy semi- desert Karoo town were fearful Saturday that the leading fragment of the comet Shoemaker-Levy-9 would break up before colliding with Jupiter.
"There's a very good chance the fragment will shatter before impact," said South African Astronomical Observatory (SAAO) spokesman David Laney.
Sekiguchi spent much of Friday night photographing the planet so that comparisons can be made before and after impact.
Kraft tool returned  TURNBERRY, Scotland, July 16 (AFP)  American Greg Kraft was reunited with his lost talisman before he started his third round in the British Open Championship on Saturday - and promptly hit four birdies in his first 11 holes.
"I just can't get the feel right at all," he had lamented, before a verging- on-the-tearful reunion with his old friend.
The continued fighting came as senior UN and NATO commanders met in Zagreb to discuss the Bosnian crisis, four days before an international deadline for acceptance of a peace plan runs out.
Ambrosio has been arrested twice before, last October in connection with the huge Enimont corruption scandal, and in May for allegedly bribing a banker to secure favourable loan terms.
                  Yugo-Bosnia-money                   700 words by Francis Curta     NEW DELHI:    Indians who marry before coming of age will be                   barred from highly-prized jobs in the government                   and armed forces under a national population policy                   suggested by experts to stop a ceaseless baby boom.
Tears poured down his face even before Arafat shook his hand.
Independent sources in the enclave told AFP that army regulars had been blocked in the town while fighting raged for more than four days before being expelled by the separatists.
Rominger had been struggling at the very back of the peloton, before he finally got off his bike and into a team car.
Hansie Cronje and Wessels added 34 before seamer Mark Bowen gave Northants their third success of the morning.
Indurain's pre-Tour rival, Toni Rominger, abandoned before the end of the stage.
He will meet Turkish President Suleyman Demirel and Deputy Prime Minister Murat Karayalcin on Monday, before returning to Istanbul to meet business leaders.
                    Korea-Kim,roundup, moved     SUTHERLAND, South Africa:                     International astronomers at a hilltop                     observatory near this icy semi-desert Karoo town                     are fearful that the leading fragment of the                     comet Shoemaker-Levy-9 will break up before                     colliding with Jupiter.
Picture                     600 words around 1615 GMT                     by James Mannion     SUTHERLAND,     South Africa:   International astronomers at a hilltop                     observatory near this icy semi-desert Karoo town                     are fearful that the leading fragment of the                     comet Shoemaker-Levy-9 will break up before                     colliding with Jupiter.
South Africa's problems began before start of play when senior opener Andrew Hudson was denied pre-Test practice by a back injury.
It was believed to have rounded Jupiter for a century before being pulled in too close during its last visit July 7, 1992 and smashed into pieces by the planet's immense gravitational pull.
Swede Jesper Parnevik, who had shared second place with Faxon after Friday's round was out of luck, however, dropping shots at the fifth and sixth before a birdie at seventh took him back to five under.
Mostar, a historic Moslem enclave in a mainly Croat area, has been the scene of violent conflicts between Bosnian Moslems and Croats before they agreed to a joint federation.
The Geneva talks got underway shortly before North Korea announced Kim Il-Sung had died suddenly of a heart attack in Pyongyang on July 8.
Spanish tennis, currently riding the crest of the wave since Sergi Bruguera and Arantxa Sanchez brought home the singles titles from Roland Garros and Conchita Martinez plundered the Wimbledon crown, this time takes centre-stage at Frankfurt's Waldstadion where 32 nations meet for the last time before the competition adopts its new Davis Cup-style format in 1995.
Interior Minister Yahia al-Moutwakel announced the same day that 200 looters had been arrested in Aden, and said they "should be tried before a military tribunal."
(FRANKFURT) It is not the first time the French squad has been beset by off-court controversy before a ball has been hit.
The Danes secured one title even before the finals Sunday with the mixed doubles event an all-Danish affair.
One of the tanks got out of the compound before Ukrainians troops guarding them blocked the gate with a truck, preventing three more tanks from escaping.
The Serbs then drove the three tanks around the compound before surrendering them.
The summit came three days before the deadline for approval of an international peace plan on Bosnia proposed by a contact group of experts from the European Union, Russia and the United States.
Silajdzic confirmed his government would recommend acceptance of the plan to the Bosnian parliament before the deadline date.
Bogies at the fifth and sixth holes reduced him to four under before bounced back with five birdies alongside a further bogey at the 13th.
I played early on Thursday and early yesterday afternoon before it got cold and I played in the sun today.
The dreadlocked forward pushed the ball round Borislav Mikhailov, before rolling in Sweden's third.
There were no immediate signs of Shoemaker-Levy-9's impact at the predicted time of 2159 GMT, nor within the 11 minutes error margin before or after.
Jordan and Israel are to begin bilateral talks on Monday on their common ceasefire line, before holding trilateral talks with US Secretary of State Warren Christopher on Wednesday.
Stobie said the lack of any observable sign of the impact could mean that the lead fragment of the comet broke up before entering the Jovian atmosphere or was far smaller than originally estimated.
Parma's 24-year-old man-of-the-match got in front of Bulgarian defender Zlatko Yankov before heading into an empty net.
Stobie said the lack of any observable sign of the impact could mean that the fragment broke up before entering the Jovian atmosphere or was far smaller than originally estimated.
Laney said the images would have to be processed further before an assessment of what was observed could be made.
Philadelphia had allowed Abbott to leave their top development club before this season began to play for the Kinetsu Buffaloes in Japan.
Police found the baby, whose kidnapping four hours after her birth on July 1 made headline news, before dawn Saturday at a house in a suburb of Nottingham, close to the hospital from which she disappeared.
Atwood was to arrive in Goma, Zaire Monday where he was to visit several refugee camps before meeting with officials from the United Nations and many non-governmental organizations, the statement said.
One western source said that Croatia was also helping Abdic but less than before, following an agreement between the Bosnian Croats and Moslems to form a federation.
It was believed to have rounded Jupiter for a century before being pulled in too close during its last visit July 7, 1992 and smashed into pieces by the planet's immense gravitational pull.
It was believed to have rounded Jupiter for a century before being pulled in too close during its last visit July 7, 1992 and smashed into pieces by the planet's immense gravitational pull.
They will be followed by three-way talks with US Secretary of State Warren Christopher in a Jordanian hotel on Wednesday, before the landmark Hussein-Rabin meeting on July 25.
Two months later he was shot dead, but not before leaving copies of the file with reliable people in Little Rock, the Sunday Telegraph said.
Latvian president to name new premier within a week  MOSCOW, July 17 (AFP)  Latvian President Guntis Ulmanis is to name a new prime minister before July 24, following the resignation of Valdis Birkavs Wednesday, ITAR-TASS news agency reported, quoting the president's office.
Needing to make a splash to snowball support, Team USA aroused their largely sceptical home audience with a fighting 1-1 draw with Switzerland, crowned by a rousing 2-1 triumph over Colombia before 93,000 fans at the Rose Bowl.
Russia had to do without the services of Igor Shalimov, Igor Dobrovolsky, Igor Kolivanov, Sergei Kiriakov, Vassili Koulkov, and Andrei Ivanov following major player unrest before the tournament.
Basque coach Xavier Azargorta worked on overcoming the traditional inferiority complex amongst his players before boarding the flight for America.
They beat Mexico on penalties in the second round before upending the Germans 2-1 in the quarters with a goals from Stoichkov and Yordan Letchkov.
Stoichkov converted a penalty just before half-time, but that was the closest Bulgaria got to the three-time champions.
Coach Alketas Panagoulias, who promised before the tournament that his team would provide a few surprises, turned on them quickly.
Once again they looked condemned but Nigeria had not reckoned with Roberto Baggio, anonymous for three matches and 88 minutes before suddenly bursting into life with the goal that kept Italy alive.
Yemen warring parties to meet in Paris  SANAA, July 17 (AFP)  Senior officials from northern and southern Yemen are to meet in Paris before the end of the month to discuss reconciliation in the wake of the destructive civil war, a Sanaa government source said Saturday.
"We've never seen this before.
It was believed to have rounded Jupiter for a century before being pulled in too close during its last visit July 7, 1992 and smashed into pieces by the planet's immense gravitational pull.
The Geneva talks got underway shortly before North Korea announced that Kim Il-Sung had died of a heart attack, and the North Korean delegates returned home for the funeral, without setting a date for a resumption but asking the US team to stay in place.
Wahab had been arrested several times before, but had always managed to escape.
The Economic Daily, the main business paper in Seoul, said the ceiling would be raised by between two and three percentage points but that no change was likely before October.
Israel meanwhile demands a Syrian commitment to full peace with open borders before negotiating the scale of a phased withdrawal.
On Saturday Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres said Syrian President Hafez al-Assad was "just as obstinate as before."
After India, Qian will make an official visit to Nepal before flying to Thailand where he will attend the 27th conference of foreign ministers from the Association of Southeast Asian nations (ASEAN).
The independent daily El Watan speculated that it might be linked to the war in Yemen, alleging that the abducted Yemeni ambassador had been a "separatist" and that Oman had supported secessionists in Aden before its fall.
Tanzanian AIDS patient dies at airport  KARACHI, July 17 (AFP)  A Tanzanian suffering from AIDS died at Karachi airport hours before his scheduled deportation, newspapers reported Sunday.
The airlift to the town on the border with Rwanda was due to have got under way Saturday but only one plane, from a church aid group, was able to land at the border town's airport before Sunday, UN officials here said.
Now Bugno quits  CASTRES, France, July 17 (AFP)  Italian Gianni Bugno quit the Tour de France here on Sunday before the start of the 14th stage.
They will be followed by three-way talks with US Secretary of State Warren Christopher in a Jordanian hotel on Wednesday, before the landmark Hussein-Rabin meeting on July 25.
Indurain crushes old guard as Bugno quits  CASTRES, France, July 17 (AFP)  Miguel Indurain ground the last of his old rivals into the dust here on Sunday when Italian Gianni Bugno quit the Tour de France before the start of the 14th stage.
Of the 4.3 million people living in Bosnia-Hercegovina before the war, some 31 percent were Serb, 17 percent Croat and 43 percent Sunni Moslem.
Wahab had been arrested several times before, but had always managed to escape.
The Goma airlift was due to get under way Saturday but only one plane, from a church aid group, was able to land at the town's airport before Sunday, UN officials here said.
David Chappell, father of Dominic, told AFP here before Evans spoke that he had not given up hope.
But in London a Foreign Office spokesman said, also before the Canberra statement, that there was "substantial circumstantial evidence to suggest the hostages may have been murdered."
A long history of secret Jordan-Israel contacts by Marius Schattner  JERUSALEM, July 17 (AFP)  Israel and Jordan, which open formal peace negotiations on Monday, have a tradition of secret meetings which historians say began even before the creation of the Jewish state in 1948.
She made a second trip to Jordan on May 10 the following year but the clandestine mission before she became prime minister failed and the Arabs declared war on the new state of Israel just five days later.
According to the Israeli news agency ITIM, Shamir met the king himself in 1987 and again in January 1991 just before the Gulf War.
Israel meanwhile demands a Syrian commitment to full peace with open borders before negotiating the scale of a phased withdrawal.
Doohan, starting from pole, allowed his factory Honda to jerk forward before the green light and then totally misjudged the first corner and bouncing across the gravel.
Reigning champion Schwantz, clearly hampered by a painful left wrist which he broke before the Dutch Grand Prix last month, looked set for fourth on the twisting Bugatti circuit.
Trouble erupted before dawn as thousands of Palestinians, many of whom had work permits, tried to force a passage through to Israel.
It is at least two years before young oysters, which are hung from ropes, can be seeded.
Fourth-seeds Germany, led by world top 20 players Anke Huber and Sabine Hack in the absence of Steffi Graf, who wanted a break to recharge her batteries before the United State Open after her shock defeats at Roland Garros and Wimbledon, take on modest Colombia whose best-ranked player is Carmina Giraldo at 410th.
Rwandan army chief of staff Major-General Augustin Bizimungu, who met Saturday with the commander of the UN Assistance Mission in Rwanda General Romeo Dallaire, told reporters that the RPF had "set down conditions" before any ceasefire took effect.
The Californian maverick twice landed his ball into the burn that runs along the front of the green, before finally holing the par four with his eighth shot.
Just before the prime minister resigned, 86 members, including leftist groups, had voted against his government's annual programme, while 43 other members were absent during the vote.
Trouble erupted before dawn as thousands of Palestinians, many of whom had work permits, tried to force a passage through to Israel at Erez.
Israeli troops opened fire on rioters at the Erez checkpoint before Palestinian police, Israeli soldiers and Jewish settlers then became embroiled in prolonged exchanges of fire, correspondents at the scene reported.
But with the petition by opposition legislators hanging like a sword over the offering, many analysts are concerned potential investors might take a wait-and-see position before cashing in on the so-called "mother of all IPOs."
That result looked a certainty when the 31-year-old Stephens lost patience as the two men slowed right down just before the finale, eyeing each other warily.
He made his break but misjuded his effort as Sorensen sat on his wheel before pulling out and passing the Australian for his first stage win in the event.
Earlier Abdoujaparov's teammate, Gianni Bugno, the former double world champion in 1991 and 1992, quit before the start.
That result looked a certainty when the 31-year-old Stephens lost patience as the two men slowed right down just before the finale, eyeing each other warily.
He made his break but misjuded his effort as Sorensen sat on his wheel before pulling out and passing the Australian for his first stage win in the event.
Earlier Abdoujaparov's teammate, Gianni Bugno, the former double world champion in 1991 and 1992, quit before the start.
The independent daily El Watan speculated Sunday that the abduction might be linked to the Yemen war, charging that the Yemeni ambassador had been a "separatist" and that Oman had supported secessionists in Aden before its fall earlier this month.
The trouble erupted before dawn as thousands of Palestinians, many of whom had work permits, tried to force a passage through to Israel at Erez.
Israeli troops opened fire on rioters at the Erez checkpoint before Palestinian police, Israeli soldiers and Jewish settlers then became embroiled in prolonged exchanges of gunfire.
China to loan Vietnam 170 million dollars for steel plant  HANOI, July 17 (AFP)  China is to lend Vietnam 170 million dollars to renovate and expand an obsolete steel mill in what would be the largest economic venture between the former enemies since before 1975, a report said Sunday.
The loan, to be paid back over 10 years, would be the largest project between the countries since before 1975.
The explosion of violence, which ignited before dawn as thousands of desperate workers tried to break through Israeli lines, led the army to seal off Gaza indefinitely.
Parson Brinckerhoff International, the largest US transportation construction firm, has asked local authorities to carry out the project under build-operate-transfer (BOT) terms that would allow the firm to operate the rail link for a set period before handing it over to the government.
Zoeller, nine under after the third round, started briskly, gaining two strokes in the first two holes, only to bogey the sixth and ninth before a birdie 11th brought him back into contention.
The Californian maverick nicknamed "Wild Thing" twice landed his ball into the burn that runs along the front of the green, before finally holing the par four with his eighth shot.
He was one of the three founders of the Pujangga Baru (New Author) literary movement in the 1930s, which promoted modern Indonesian literature long before the country became independent from the Dutch in 1945.
The International Committee of the Red Cross received 17 tonnes of supplies Sunday on top of 13 tonnes the day before, including plastic sheets, ICRC official Johanna Grombach said.
Mao's policies killed up to 80 million Chinese: Washington Post  WASHINGTON, July 17 (AFP)  As many as 80 million Chinese were killed by the repressive and radical economic policies pushed by Mao Zedong in the decades before his death in 1976, the Washington Post reported Sunday.
The clashes which erupted before dawn were the worst bloodshed in Gaza since self-rule was launched on May 4.
"Brazil is going to win," the nervy keeper said before adding: "Italy has had a lot of luck in getting through.
They beat Czechoslovakia 2-1 for their first win, before overcoming the might Magyars of Hungary 4-2 four years later to retain the trophy.
He said the White House would work closely with Congress on the issue, but skirted a question whether it would seek formal congressional approval before moving troops into Haiti.
Raymond Mabus has taken over from Charles Freeman whose posting finished at the end of August 1992 several weeks before Bill Clinton won the presidential elections.
Qian is to call on Indian President Shankar Dayal Sharma and Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao Monday before opening bilateral talks, in which the Indian delegation will be led by Commerce Minister Pranab Mukherjee.
Qian will also meet other Indian leaders before leaving Tuesday for Nepal and Thailand, where he will attend two meetings of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN).
After five successive defeats -- to France, India, Hungary, Portugal and now Romania -- it will be 1997 at the earliest before Britain can rejoin the world elite.
According to witnesses, the grey Peugeot 205 car drove twice by the spot at an estate in Croix-Tienac on Saturday evening before its occupants shot at the passers-by a third time around.
The poll also showed that nearly two-thirds of those interviewed felt Washington should give economic sanctions more time to work before taking any further action to chase Haiti's ruling junta from power.
He then bogied the 15th, recovered the shot at the 16th and birdied the 17th before his final hole error.
The Californian maverick nicknamed "Wild Thing" twice landed his ball into the burn that runs along the front of the green, before finally holing the par four with his eighth shot.
The poll also showed that nearly two-thirds of those interviewed felt Washington should give economic sanctions more time to work before taking any further action to chase Haiti's ruling junta from power.
He said the White House would work closely with Congress on the issue, but skirted a question whether it would seek formal congressional approval before moving troops into Haiti.
Imagine the media fuss if a serving minister is called before the judge, for whatever reason," he said.
Roberto Baggio was lurking close to the goal and nearly managed to get to the ball before Taffarel gathered it.
The ball spun across the goal mouth and as Pagliuca dived to collect it Romario got a toe and freed the ball loose but before he could get a second stab at it Pagliuca managed to pull it in.
"Getting the confidence going before the US Open is key for me," Agassi said.
But the 27-year-old, who had been doubtfull before the match because of a hamstring injury, shot high over the bar and the cup was on its way back to Brazil for the first time in 24 years.
A joint statement issued here before the second round of talks adjourned on May 21 said the pro-Islamic military government and the mainly Christian southern rebels had agreed on an agenda for Monday's talks.
Earlier, before the second round of talks opened, the Sudanese government, the rebels and the United Nations signed an agreement here under which relief convoys would be allowed into Sudan's war-torn south, where fighting has continued despite the onset of the rainy season which turns most of the vast, undeveloped region into swamp and marsh.
Seats were filled more than two hours before the match began.
When he talked to Italian goalkeeper Gianluca Pagliuca before the shoot-out: "We are great friends so we walked together toward the goal.
I put my faith in god before it happened and vindication was not something I was concerned about.
On why he steps back in the goal before a penalty: "It really was a way for me to step back at that moment to breath deeply and to really prepare myself a little more."
He was going to win a fourth world title before he crashed."
Seats were filled more than two hours before the match began.
Sixty percent of those questioned in a survey by CNN television and Time magazine agreed that sanctions should be given more time to work before taking any further action to drive Haiti's ruling junta from power.
But before the new policy had been widely understood, more than 20,000 refugees had fled, and that, coupled with the US inability to get the Haitian military to knuckle under, helped boost political pressure for an invasion.
The 34-year-old Baresi, who only played the first two group matches against Ireland and Norway before damaging his knee, kept the central route into Italy's penalty area almost permanently closed.
Dunga, who is is far from being "Dopey" -- the translation of his nickname in Portuguese -- said before the match the ends would justify the means.
On Sunday, Roberto Baggio passed a fitness test only hours before the match and injuries to Roberto Mussi and Dino Baggio during the match used up both Sacchi's substitutes, when a pair of fresh legs up front might have made the difference at the end.
Nigeria went to within two minutes of knocking them out in the second round before Roberto Baggio scored twice.
It should be another eight to 10 months before remedial steps are put in place," he added.
The radio asked members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) and other Asian countries to "block US interference in time, before it can trigger a new war in Cambodia."
He could not confirm who made the threats, but his lawyer reportedly argued before the refugee board that they were politically motivated and suspected they came from China.
"I will visit South Korea soon" as part of this effort, Murayama said in his inaugural speech before the Japanese parliament.
"I will visit South Korea soon" as part of this effort, Murayama said in his inaugural speech before the Japanese parliament.
Christopher, who arrived at dawn, meets Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and Foreign Minister Shimon Peres during the afternoon before flying to Damascus on Tuesday.
He returns to Israel on Thursday and sees Rabin in Tel Aviv before a ground-breaking trip to Gaza for talks with PLO chairman Yasser Arafat.
"They set fire to the position before returning to their bases."
Ret-Ser to lay off 3,000 employees before privatization  TAIPEI, July 18 (AFP)  The state-run Ret-Ser Engineering Agency plans to lay off 3,000 employees, one-third of its work force, over the next two-and-a-half years before the construction firm becomes privatized, Ret-Ser President Tseng Yuan-yi said Monday.
"We need to reach a high before the test match and that's our main aim."
There were no flags fluttering around the site as the two sides had agreed in detailed preparations before the talks got underway, which even decided that unlabelled water jugs and bottles should be used.
Police said a total of 67 AK-47 assault rifles, three SAM-7 missiles, six rocket-propelled grenade launchers and three pistols were seized before and after the arrests.
Examining magistrate Eva Joly summoned Tapie the day before he was due to take up his mandate as a Euro-MP after his triumphant election last June 12.
Baid fled to Oman just before northern Yemeni troops captured the southern cities of Aden and Mukalla ending the two-month bitter civil war.
Dealers were waiting for statements later this week by the chairman of the US Federal Reserve, Alan Greenspan, to a congressional commission on Wednesday and Friday, and for the last meeting before the summer holiday of the central council of the German Bundesbank bank on Thursday.
One witness said the victims were so panicked after the attack that it took some minutes before rescuers could convince them to unlock the doors of the pub.
Christoper returns to Israel on Thursday and sees Rabin in Tel Aviv before a ground-breaking trip to Gaza for talks with PLO chairman Yasser Arafat.
The bill will not go to parliament before the end of the month.
"They set fire to the position before returning to their bases."
Apart from the two Palestinians killed in the clashes which erupted before dawn between Palestinians, including Gazan police, Israeli soldiers and Jewish settlers, a PLO official said 75 Palestinians were wounded.
"We have alerted the owners and the problem should be settled before the end of the day," a spokesman said.
No one in Italy appears to deny the fact that something must be done about the length of time, often many months, people are spending in jail before being charged.
The comments came just before Christopher held talks with Israeli leaders in Jerusalem at the start of his five-day Middle East tour.
Japanese international Kazuyoshi Miura, who will join Italian side Genoa this month, was unlucky with several shots before Takeda made it 2-0 in the 34th minute.
Up to 200,000 women, mostly from the Korean peninsula but also from Taiwan, Indonesia, the Phillippines and the Netherlands, worked in frontline brothels set up by the Japanese army before and during the war.
"The plume from fragment G just overwhelmed anything we had seen before.
UNOSOM's mandate is scheduled to end in September and the UN Security Council is to meet in August to review the mission's progress before voting on whether to prolong or end it.
Zaza spent ten months in jail in France between May 1993 and March 1994 before being extradited to Italy.
The Italian giant, tears of joy streaming down his face well before the finish, scaled the 1,909-metre sun-baked summit which cost British rider Tom Simpson his life 27 years ago before hurtling to a memorable victory.
Pantani was eventually hauled in but the peleton had given up the chase well before Poli's triumphant entry.
Only 137 of the original 189-strong field began the race, with world champion Lance Armstrong, a stage winner last year, quitting before the start.
"All these issues have to be negotiated and therefore before we will reach agreements in principle on the package ...
Christopher will be back in Israel on Thursday to see Rabin in Tel Aviv before a ground-breaking trip to Gaza for talks with PLO chairman Yasser Arafat who returned last week from exile to head the Palestinian authority for the newly-autonomous territories.
The war ended when northern troops captured the southern stronghold of Aden, which used to be the capital of the former Marxist South Yemen before it merged in May 1990 with the tribal, conservative North.
No one in Italy seems to deny the fact that something must be done about the length of time, often many months, people are spending in jail before appearing in court.
Truche, who is also prosecutor for France's supreme court, the Cour de Cassation, was acting on complaints for complicity in poisoning brought before the Republican Court against the three former ministers.
Dow Jones dips nearly four points  NEW YORK, July 18 (AFP)  Blue chips fell slightly by 3.88 points in quiet trading early Monday as traders remained hesitant ahead of the Federal Reserve chairman's appearance Wednesday before the Senate.
Traders were cautious ahead of Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan's planned appearance Wednesday before the Senate to discuss the central bank's view of the economy, analysts said.
The decision was revoked briefly, before football federation chief Amir Abedini said women would after all be allowed to attend the elimination round of the championships.
"Our answer will be a clear yes to peace, but the plan remains ambiguous," Bosnian UN ambassador Mohamed Sacirbey told AFP before the vote was announced.
Poli, tears of joy streaming down his face well before the finish, scaled the 1,909-metre sun-baked summit which cost British rider Tom Simpson his life 27 years ago before hurtling to a memorable victory.
Astonishingly, the 6ft 4ins rider, hardly designed for the hills, was better known for his riding on the flat before Monday and was as surprised as anyone by his unlikely triumph.
Pantani was eventually hauled in but the peleton had given up the chase well before Poli's triumphant entry.
Only 137 of the original 189-strong field began the race, with world champion Lance Armstrong, a stage winner last year, quitting before the start.
Perry was due to continue to Bulgaria, Macedonia, Greece, Albania and Turkey before visiting Croatia and Bosnia itself on Friday, returning to the United States from a NATO airbase in Italy Saturday.
Mazowiecki was due in the Croatian capital Zagreb for talks with Foreign Minister Mate Granic, before continuing to Sarajevo later Monday, it said.
The Irish held out for 26 minutes before Sally Carbon opened the scoring when she deflected in a quickly-taken long corner.
SmithKline Beecham fell by six to 394 the day before publishing interim results.
Tarabini beat Yoanis Montesinos 6-4, 6-2 and Labat defeated Belkis Rodriguez 6-1, 6-0 before they won the doubles against Montesino and Yamile Cordova 6-1, 6-4.
Analysts held that the dollar might now be relatively steady until the chairman of the US Federal Reserve Alan Greenspan addressed a congressional commission on Wednesday and until the central council of the German Bundesbank met on Thursday for the last time before the summer holiday.
Under the plan before deputies Serbs would be handed 49 percent of the territory in the disputed former Yugoslav republic, and 51 percent would go the the new Croat-Moslem federation.
The gain added five cents per share to the company's stock value, compared with a loss of 23 million dollars (38 cents per share) a year before.
"The plume from fragment G just overwhelmed anything we had seen before," astronomer Imke de Pater at the Keck Observatory in Hawaii told reporters here at the Goddard Space Flight Center via telephone.
Norwegian Per Spook saw his couture house wound up by his financiers only weeks before the collections with losses of 8.5 million dollars.
Northants, who had only lost five of their first innings before declaring, had wobbled at 36 for three in their second by tea.
"But he had a break before this tour and has come back very fresh."
Dozens of settlers squatted several of the empty apartments in the new Givat Yitzhak district on July 8 in protest at the killing of a 17 -year-old girl from Kyriat Arba the day before.
The team first touches down in the northeastern city of Recife before going on to Brasilia where President Itamar Franco, who gave federal employees the morning off to celebrate, will decorate each player with a medal.
There is widespread agreement however of the need to tackle the length of time, often many months, accused spend in jail before appearing in court.
He stressed "the need to clarify certain unresolved questions before continuing bilateral cooperation" between Jordan and the PLO.
The majority of Americans quizzed before the finals did not even know the tournament was being played in the United States.
Mandingo followers of nominal ULIMO leader Alhaji Kromah attacked rival Krahn forces before dawn Sunday at Combat Camp, 25 kilometers (15 miles) west of Monrovia.
"The plume from fragment G just overwhelmed anything we had seen before," astronomer Imke de Pater at the Keck Observatory in Hawaii told reporters here at the Goddard Space Flight Center via telephone.
Gunnell failed to lift national morale following a spate of injury worries just before next month's European Championships by losing out to American Kim Batten in their 400m hurdles clash.
Traders were cautious ahead of Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan's planned appearance Wednesday before the Senate to discuss the central bank's view of the economy, said Alfred Golamn of A.G. Edwards and Sons.
Dollar edges lower; gold climbs  NEW YORK, July 18 (AFP)  The dollar fell slightly against major currencies except the yen Monday as traders awaited Federal Reserve chiarman Alan Greenspan's testimony before Congress Wednesday.
"The plume from fragment G just overwhelmed anything we had seen before," astronomer Imke de Pater at the Keck Observatory in Hawaii told reporters here at the Goddard Space Flight Center via telephone.
Top players are concerned about salaries and the level of play in the MLS, and are waiting to see how the first season goes before committing themselves.
"We decided we had to make an example of him," said Disciplinary Committee chairman Marcel Mathier, whose panel reviewed the videotape 10 times before reaching its decision.
FIFA trumpeted that never before had referees been more intensively drilled in preparation for a World Cup.
Owairan began the move inside his own half, beat four opponents before shooting past the advancing Michel Preud'homme from 12 metres.
In particular they criticized the government of Chancellor Helmut Kohl for paying tribute to soldiers who had previously supported the nationalist aims of the Nazi leader before turning against him.
UNOSOM's mandate is scheduled to end in September and the UN Security Council is to meet in August to review the mission's progress before voting on whether to prolong or end it.
The massive deployment came after 600 police raided the Hanyang University campus here before dawn and arrested 39 students in what was described as a "pre-emptive raid."
He then tried to set up the deal for weeks before Elders finally agreed to obtain the drugs for him.
He said he believed his daughter had suffered a break-down, prompting her to disguise herself as a nurse and take Abbie, born just four hours before, from the maternity ward at the Queen's Medical Centre, Nottingham, central England.
"The plume from  fragment G just overwhelmed anything we had seen before," astronomer Imke de  Pater at the Keck Observatory in Hawaii told reporters at the Goddard Space  Flight Center via telephone.
Huge numbers of North Koreans, many crying uncontrollably, lined the streets of the procession before the funeral of the 'great leader', Nigerian ambassador O.A. Ashiru told CNN in a telephone interview.
It went around the square before going toward the Pyongyang Theatre."
The publisher, Pak Bo-Hi, president of the conservative Segye Times, was shown on Pyongyang television last week standing before Kim Il- Sung's bier along with Americans of Korean origin.
Gallucci to visit Seoul before high-level talks with Pyongyang  SEOUL, July 19 (AFP)  US Assistant Secretary of State Robert Gallucci will visit South Korea July 20-22 for strategic coordination on high-level talks between Washington and Pyongyang, officials here said Tuesday.
I've fought many before and I'll fight many more.
He will be back in Israel on Thursday to see Rabin in Tel Aviv before a ground-breaking trip to Gaza for talks with PLO chairman Yasser Arafat.
Although a futures contract is pegged to the raw material, traders who have bought or sold contracts usually take opposite positions before the expiry of the contract to avoid delivering or taking delivery of the physical commodity.
It went around the square before going toward the Pyongyang Theatre."
Witnesses in Pyongyang said before Tuesday's procession that labourers have been working for three nights in an official building in Kim Il- Sung square, which might serve as a mausoleum.
Syria has dismissed the statement as nothing new and reiterated its demand for a full Israeli withdrawal from the Golan before making any commitment to total peace, as requested by Israel.
Talking to reporters before he boarded a flight to Maine, Clinton said "there's no indecision" regarding US policy towards Haiti.
Bernard Debre, one of the surgeons who operated on the 77-year-old president Monday, said Mitterrand would not leave Cochin Hospital in Paris "before the end of the week."
With his initial surgery for prostate cancer on September 11, 1992, Mitterrand was hospitalized for six days and spent three weeks recovering before resuming full duties.
Woolsey said that before Ames was promoted to counterintelligence some of his colleagues in the Latin American division had raised questions about his "suitability and performance," but that such concerns were not shared outside the division.
Christopher returns Thursday to Israel for talks with Rabin before a ground-breaking trip to Gaza to meet PLO chief Yasser Arafat, who last week returned to head the Palestinian authority for the autonomous regions.
Kim Jong-Il inherits his father's monarchist title  SEOUL, July 19 (AFP)  North Korea's designated leader, Kim Jong-Il, on Tuesday inherited the monarchist title of "Great Patriach" which his charismatic father had held before his funeral, South Korean monitors said.
Geldenhuys initially did not leave the field and play continued for a minute before he was persuaded to go.
It was half an hour before South Africa won their first lineout and at the interval, Manawatu were well worth their 16-16 scoreline.
Jason Holland drop-kicked an early goal for Manawatu but South African fullback Theo van Rensburg kicked two penalty goals, before Holland levelled the scores again with a 24 metre penalty.
Juppe recognises RPF victory, says France out by mid-August  PARIS, July 19 (AFP)  Foreign Minister Alain Juppe on Tuesday recognised the Rwandan Popular Front's (RPF) victory in Rwanda and said France's Operation Turquoise would leave the country "before mid-August."
Wellcome rose by five pence to 634 before publishing interim results on Thursday following a favourable study on the use of AZT and an anti-herpes drug for the treatment of AIDS.
SmithKline Beecham fell by one to 393 before it published interim results later in the day.
Juppe recognises RPF victory, says France out by mid-August  PARIS, July 19 (AFP)  Foreign Minister Alain Juppe on Tuesday recognised the Rwandan Patriotic (eds: correct) Front's (RPF) victory in Rwanda and said France's Operation Turquoise would leave the country "before mid- August."
Urologist Bernard Debre, one of the surgeons who operated on the 77 -year-old president Monday, said Mitterrand would not leave Cochin Hospital in Paris "before the end of the week."
After his first operation for prostate cancer on September 11, 1992, under general anaesthetic, Mitterrand was hospitalized for six days and spent three weeks recovering before resuming full duties.
The central council of the Bundesbank is to meet on Tbursday for the last time before the summer holiday.
"The diplomatic corps have been invited to go to a stand put up on Kim Il-Sung Square before 9.30 a.m. (0030 GMT)," said the diplomat, contacted by telephone from Beijing.
Six federalist Northern League deputies from Italy joined the Liberal grouping at the last minute before Tuesday's final deadline.
The Bundesbank would see no reason to rush to cut rates before the summer holiday, they said in comment on Tuesday on provisional figures from the bank showing that the German M3 money supply had shown a rate of growth of 11.3 percent in June.
France seeks pullout talks with new Rwandan regime by Geoffrey Varley  PARIS, July 19 (AFP)  France recognised the Rwandan Patriotic Front's victory on Tuesday and said it would seek talks with the new Rwandan government on winding up the French military operation in the central African country before mid-August.
Parliament will then have to decide whether the decree is constitutional before Thursday.
Fifty dollars, for example, will buy an opportunity to step off a platform perched at the tip of a steel crane some 70 feet (23 meters) above the largest of the Chaika's four pools for a bungee-jump before scores of spectators.
She hopes for a ruling before the end of the year, but knows her return to Kyrenia is still little more than a dream.
When a Turkish plane dropped parachutists over the family's village of Skilloura, his policeman father just had time to pack him, his brother and his seven-months-pregnant mother on to a coach before he went off to fight.
Kim Jong-Il, the dictator's bespectacled and reclusive son and heir- apparent, dressed in a somber Mao suit, a black mourning band on his arm, officiated at the last rites before the bier emerged from the gloom of the hall into the streets.
One, Seoul's Hanyang University was raided before dawn and 39 students arrested, books and posters were seized and student association offices ransacked for "subversive" material.
The death of the 82-year-old Stalinist leader July 8, only 17 days before a scheduled first-ever inter-Korean summit, threw South Koreans into deep shock by dashing long-stifled hopes of moves towards reunification of the peninsula, divided by the Cold War since 1945.
France on Tuesday recognised the RPF victory and said it would seek talks with the new Rwandan government on winding up the French military operation in the central African country before mid-August.
Self-styled Information Minister Miroslav Toholj, waving the pink envelope in which the decision was contained, told reporters its contents would be made public in Geneva before the members of an international contact group which outlined the plan.
Haensch, who spoke shortly before his election as head of the European assembly, said it all depends on how the Luxembourg premier presents his programme to parliament.
Self-styled Information Minister Miroslav Toholj, waving the pink envelope in which the decision was contained, told reporters its contents would be made public in Geneva before a meeting of the international contact group on Bosnia.
Speaking to German radio moments before his election, Haensch cast doubt on the confirmation Thursday of Luxembourg's Prime Minister Jacques Santer as president of the European Commission by saying it was not a "given" that the new enlarged assembly would approve the nomination.
I have never played this amount of cricket before, and it is telling at the moment.
He is due then to travel to Damascus and Cairo as part of a tour just before King Hussein of Jordan is to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin in Washington on Monday for a historic summit.
Bosnian Serb "Information Minister" Miroslav Toholj, waving the pink envelope in which the decision was contained, told reporters its contents would be made public in Geneva before a meeting of the international contact group on Bosnia.
Karadzic told reporters before the talks reopened Tuesday that "we have not yet taken a decision, but I hope that in a certain fashion we shall accept the plan of the contact group", adding that the parliament could vote its accord "with certain conditions."
Self-styled  Information Minister Miroslav Toholj, waving the pink envelope in which the  decision was contained, told reporters its contents would be made public in  Geneva before a meeting of the international contact group on Bosnia.
The trend gained momentum in the aftermath of the 1990-1991 Gulf war, when oil prices shot above 40 dollars before they languished at several dollars below OPEC's benchmark of 21 dollars a barrel.
The Washington event was his first hardcourt test before he defends his US Open title at Flushing Meadow from August 29.
The 25-year-old, who starred in the World Cup before the United States were knocked out by eventual winners Brazil, has signed a contract with the New York Jets for the coming season but will have to prove his worth in training.
Mandela, who will be in Mozambique just three months before elections there, will hold talks with President Joaquim Chissano Wednesday evening and will meet the head of the opposition RENAMO, Afonso Dhlakama on Friday before returning home.
Clarke was attacked in parliament Monday by his opposition Labour Party counterpart Gordon Brown over a letter he wrote last May, before he became chancellor, in which he said he had "always thought we exempt far too many goods and services from VAT in this country."
His four days of hearings before the panel had been largely uneventful as Breyer sounded a liberal note on separation of church and state and affirmative action but more conservative on crime.
"Our answer will be a clear yes to peace, but the plan remains ambiguous," Bosnian UN ambassador Mohamed Sacirbey told AFP before Monday's parliamentary vote.
Mary Joe Fernandez struggled in the second set but completed a relatively easy 6-2, 6-4 win over Petra Langrova while big-hitting Lindsay Davenport, had an up and down match before scowling her way to a 4-6, 6-1, 6-4 victory over Ludmila Richterova.
The decree lifted magistrates' powers to detain corruption suspects pending their trial and barred reporters from identifying suspects before judicial probes are complete.
Most arrived in early May from Egypt, Iraq or Jordan where they had been members of the Palestine Liberation Army before the peace accords.
The Cairo talks are to lead to Israel's withdrawal from large West Bank population centres before elections to an autonomy council.
Amnesty said Burma's claims before a United Nations human rights conference last year that it had improved its human rights record "do not ...
Addressing delegates from the Khartoum government and the two factions of the Sudan People's Liberation Army (SPLA) at State House here before declaring the talks open, Moi warned that the people of Sudan had had enough troubles and now deserved to have peace.
Tinebra said that the day before Borsellino was killed, Riina's people had intercepted a telephone call from the judge to his mother telling her he planned to visit.
They parked it in front of the building where the judge's mother lived, and were guaranteed a parking space because they had left another car there the night before.
Bosnian Serb "Information Minister" Miroslav Toholj, waving a pink envelope in which the decision was contained, told reporters its contents would be made public in Geneva before the Bosnia contact group's meeting Wednesday.
The decree notably abolished magistrates' powers to detain corruption suspects pending trial and barred reporters from identifying suspects before judicial probes are complete.
Christopher returns Thursday to Israel for talks with Rabin before a ground-breaking trip to Gaza to meet PLO chief Yasser Arafat, who last week returned to head the Palestinian authority for the autonomous regions.
Earlier Tuesday, urologist Bernard Debre, one of the surgeons who operated on the president Monday, said Mitterrand would not leave the hospital before the end of the week.
After his first operation for prostate cancer on September 11, 1992, under general anaesthetic, Mitterrand was hospitalized for six days and spent three weeks recovering before resuming full duties.
The chamber must then follow suit, which it is expected to do before the end of the week.
He added that separate cooperation agreements could be reached before signing an overall treaty.
The German central bank holds its next council meeting on Thursday,its last before a mid-year break, and Lambert said there was a "20 to 30 percent chance that it would announce a cut in rates," at the meeting.
French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe on Tuesday said Paris recognised the RPF military victory announced Monday, and said it would seek talks with the new government on winding up the French military operation in the central African country before mid-August.
In the end, the Clinton administration decided to back off saying it would not conduct a "strong public education program," before proceeding further.
Slater also said it appeared that Americans were unwilling to give up their familiar English measurements which have been in use since long before the highway system was set up.
Bosnian Serb "Information Minister" Miroslav Toholj, waving a pink envelope in which the decision was contained, told reporters its contents would be made public in Geneva before the Bosnia contact group's meeting Wednesday.
Tapie, who is also a French National Assembly deputy, was pursued by the press each time he left the chamber, missing his parliamentary group's morning press conference, but finally broke his silence before lunch following the election of German Socialist Klaus Haensch as the new parliamentary speaker.
A day before taking up his Euro-mandate, Tapie was called for questioning in Paris over his yacht Phocea by examining magistrate Eva Joly.
Speaking to the governors before Clinton, Bob Dole, Senate minority leader and possible Republican candidate for the White House in 1996, criticized the project as "too complicated."
It was destroyed by German soldiers on January 24, 1945, before the advance of the Soviet Red Army, leaving only ruins.
Kim Jong-Il, 52, inherited the title of "Great Patriach" which his charismatic father Kim Il-Sung had held before his funeral, South Korean monitors said.
He said that on July 3 he "came face to face with two men who had clearly never seen a white man before."
But in between he experimented with far more luxurious fabrics and techniques than before.
It called for the creation of transitional institutions and the disarming of warring factions before the holding of free elections, scheduled for September 7.
Led by Corporal Foday Sankoh, the rebels launched their uprising in 1991, its forces conquering the south and east of the west African country before being pushed back in 1993.
The decree abolished magistrates' powers to detain corruption suspects pending trial and barred reporters from identifying suspects before judicial probes are complete.
The next step is for the full chamber to vote on the decree, probably before the end of the week.
"By removing the testosterone producing organ, the testicles, he has got levels of testosterone which are what they would be before puberty and he has virtually no sex drive," he said.
The demonstrators, mostly youths, damaged cars and lit bonfires on roads before police dispersed them with teargas, residents said.
Cambodia should train army before receiving US military aid  WASHINGTON, July 19 (AFP)  Cambodia should reform and train its army before receiving US military aid to combat Khmer Rouge guerrillas, a top US official said Tuesday.
On Wednesday he is to visit the Albanian capital Tirana before travelling to Turkey on Thursday.
On Friday he is to visit the Bosnian capital Sarajevo before returning to the United States.
The die had been cast five days before.
The police arrived at the headquarters just before Delpe and Paul, a supporter of president Jean-Bertrand Aristide who was ousted by the military in 1991.
The one rule that is observed by almost all residents here, and emphasised in embassy advisories, is to only travel in daylight hours whenever outside large towns, and be off the roads before late afternoon.
The farmer held three secretaries but released all of them at intervals before giving himself up.
Rescue workers pulled 14 bodies from the wreckage before nightfall forced them to suspend the operation until Wednesday, according to Guardia.
His trip comes amid uncertainty following the funeral of Kim Il-Sung, the North Korean leader who pledged before he died to resume the nuclear talks with Washington and hold a first-ever summit with South Korea.
Gallucci will meet Thursday with South Korean Foreign Minister Han Sung-Joo and Unification Minister Lee Hong-Koo before departing early Friday, a ministry statement said.
Then they danced the ground-shaking "nasal" dance , hammering small sticks together and pounding the earth with their feet, before moving on to the "nao" and the "kausasivo" dances, in which they beat the ground with bamboo sticks.
Villagers said they would have to wait until the pig population recovered before they could stage another Nekawiar.
Toilet first before tying the knot  JAKARTA, July 20 (AFP)  Couples wishing to wed in the eastern Indonesian island of Lombok will have to aquire a toilet before tying the knot, the Antara news agency reported here Wednesday.
Mahathir said Malaysia would await the outcome of the bank's probe before making any further comment.
Xinhua also pointed out that the report had been broadcast days before US President Bill Clinton announced his decision on May 26 to renew China's most-favoured-nation (MFN) trading status with the United States.
Some 60,000 Gazans were employed in Israel before the 1991 Gulf War.
Donor countries promised the Palestinians 720 million dollars for 1994 but have paid out only 47 million dollars so far, demanding open accounting procedures before handing over more.
Goodlad, British foreign office minister with responsibility for the region, was to spend a day in Hong Kong in meetings with Governor Chris Patten, his advisors, legislators and business leaders before flying on to London in the evening.
Menem criticised opponents of the idea who before the bombing "spoke of a totalitarian and anti-democratic government and now...
"It is conceivable that Jordan could sign before Syria, but that will of course depend on the results of the negotiations underway with Israel," the crown prince told the daily Haaretz.
They also held that the bank was unlikely to reduce its key Lombard and discount rate when the central council met on Thursday for the last time before the summer holiday.
The talks were expected to run until 1200 GMT and the Russian delegation leader, deputy Foreign Minister Vitaly Churkin, would give a news conference at Helsinki airport before leaving for Moscow, the spokesman said.
After a first operation for prostate cancer on September 11, 1992, under general anaesthetic, Mitterrand was hospitalized for six days and spent three weeks recovering before resuming full duties.
In Seoul, Gallucci will meet Thursday with South Korean Foreign Minister Han Sung-Joo and Unification Minister Lee Hong-Koo before departing early Friday.
These two factors led some dealers to think that the Bundesbank might reduce its key rates on Thursday when the central council met for the last time before the summer holiday, Hayward said.
In the pharmaceutical sector the price of shares in Wellcome fell by seven pence to 624 on profit taking from recent gains and before the publication of interim results on Thursday.
Hours before the annoucement, Alcan Australia had unveiled interim net profits for the first half of 1994 totalling 9.43 million dollars, compared to a loss of 2.95 million dollars in the corresponding previous period.
Sales edged up by 0.8 percent to 186,540 vehicles, exceeding the year- before level for the first time in 15 months.
Sales edged up by 0.8 percent to 186,540 vehicles, exceeding the year- before level for the first time in 15 months.
The meeting was held a few hours before a meeting of all ministers in the government on projected expenditures for the draft budget for 1995.
Under the Declaration of Principles signed by both sides in Washington last September powers are due to be transferred to the Palestinians in the West Bank in five areas -- education and culture, health, social affairs, direct taxation and tourism -- before an autonomy council is elected to rule the territory.
Israel and the PLO can also negotiate the transfer of other powers before elections take place.
Ndwedwe has been the scene of some of the worst fighting in Natal, where the IFP and President Nelson Mandela's ANC waged a virtual civil war before the all-race elections in April swept the ANC to power.
Shortly before the election, seven ANC members conducting voter education programmes in Ndwedwe were murdered in a pre-dawn attack on the house where they were sleeping.
The NADECO wants first to meet Abiola, detained in Abuja, before meeting military leader General Sani Abacha.
"It is an extremely important step forward," he said shortly before another first -- open talks between Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres and his Jordanian counterpart Abdel Salem Majali on the Jordanian side of the Dead Sea.
Diplomatic sources said the contact group -- which has threatened reprisals -- would have to sort out whether the Serb answer was a "no in disguise," though the contact group's final decision was not expected before the end of the month.
The hardships and tedium of life in the camps, where soldiers can spend several months before being demobilised or inducted into the new army, have led to outbreaks of unrest in both government and RENAMO assembly areas.
For four months he sat on death row in Torgau jail, expecting every dawn to be dragged out for execution, before his sentence was commuted to one of forced labour.
Fathi said at least one prisoner confessed to murder in the name of Islam before being sentenced to death after a trial.
The decree published last Wednesday abolished magistrates' powers to detain corruption suspects pending trial and barred reporters from identifying suspects before judicial probes are complete.
However, Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd testified before a parliamentary committee earlier this year that there had, in fact, been a temporary linkage between arms and aid in the form of a protocol signed by Younger, which was subsequently withdrawn.
The committee said the Ministry of Defense had been "reprehensible" in its failure to liaise adequately with the Foreign Office before the arms sale negotiations with Malaysia in 1988.
"It is an extremely important step forward," he said before opening three-way talks between Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres and his Jordanian counterpart Abdel Salem Majali on the Jordanian side of the Dead Sea.
"Our target should be that before the end of the 20th century we will face a new political and economic landscape," he said.
"Even before the sunset of this century we can together reclaim land lost to desert.
Moments before his speech, police removed about 30 demonstrators shouting "Nazis out" at the memorial site.
Protestors accused the center-right government of Chancellor Helmut Kohl for paying tribute to soldiers who had previously supported the nationalist aims of the Nazi leader before turning against him.
Under the Declaration of Principles signed by both sides in Washington last September powers are due to be transferred to the Palestinians in the West Bank in five areas -- education and culture, health, social affairs, direct taxation and tourism -- before an autonomy council is elected to rule the territory.
Israel and the PLO can also negotiate the transfer of other powers before elections take place.
Taiwan, which has applied to join GATT before it is reorganized as the World Trade Organization next year, is holding talks with various countries under the GATT framework in order to secure membershipy.
He added that before the Palestinian revolt erupted in 1987, some 47,000 Gazans had work permits for Israel.
Goodlad, British foreign office minister with responsibility for the region, was to spend Wednesday in Hong Kong in meetings with Patten, his advisors, legislators and business leaders before flying on to London in the evening.
The movement is one of the signatories to the July 1993 inter-Liberian peace accord signed at Cotonou in neighbouring Benin, which called for the creation of transitional institutions and disarmament of armed factions before free elections.
Speaking at the airport in the Finnish capital before returning to Moscow, he said the main "sticking point" was over guarantees demanded by Russia on the rights of retired Russian military officers in Estonia.
The public prosecutor is to take the case to court before the end of the month and Adrian and Bernadette Mooney's trial should begin "shortly after", Emil Dinu, the case prosecutor, told AFP.
They are already the parents of a Romanian child legally adopted before a 1991 law made international adoptions more difficult by giving priority to Romanian families.
His remarks were published the day before the central council of the Bundesbank was to meet on Thursday for the last time before the summer holiday to review its target of 4.0-6.0 percent for growth of the money supply.
The NADECO wants first to meet Abiola, detained in Abuja, before meeting Abacha.
Kim, top ranked in  the Workers' Party and supreme commander of the People's Army, made no speech,  standing tightlipped and apparently emotionless before a hundred thousand  military officers and civilians in the vast Kim Il-Sung Square.
The French say the Gabrielle was inspected five times before setting sail and its equipment was found to be in order.
Four minutes before half time, Tina Cullen, who had sent in the cross for the second goal, again delivered the ball for Sixsmith to dive in and touch the ball in at the near post.
But the problems of Palestinian refugees and the status of Jerusalem would have to be resolved before such a peace could be established in the region, he warned.
Security forces carried Wijetunga to a nearby building after the stage broke just before he was to address a crowd of about 20,000 people that had assembled in Kolonne for the election rally.
Some corpses get common graves, others get their own plot, but none are given a funeral ceremony before the burial.
"Our target should be that before the end of the 20th century we will face a new political and economic landscape," he said.
The ban was first lifted on July 9, and then briefly reimposed before being overturned again.
Wanted writer must appear in court before leaving Bangladesh  DHAKA, July 20 (AFP)  Fugitive writer Taslima Nasreen will only be allowed to leave Bangladesh after facing justice, a minister said Wednesday rejecting European appeals to guarantee her safe passage out of the country.
"Why should she not at least go before a court."
Nasreen would have to appear before a preliminary hearing that would decide whether she should face a full trial.
The C-141 planes usually fly in from Frankfurt, Germany, with one cargo and then go on to Split to pick up a secondary load for Sarajevo, before returning home.
Moments before Kohl's speech, police removed about 30 demonstrators shouting "Nazis out" at the memorial site.
The protestors accused Kohl's centre-right government of paying tribute to ultra-conservative soldiers who had previously supported the nationalist aims of the Nazi dictator before turning against him.
His country had left the Commonwealth in 1961, he said, and squandered its wealth during years of apartheid oppression before coming "back to her senses."
"South Africans," he said, had "seen a veritable miracle unfolding before our very eyes.
The ships will then have their names changed before they pick up fresh cargo elsewhere.
Diplomatic sources said the contact group would have to sort out whether the Serb answer was a "no in disguise," though the contact group's final decision was not expected before the end of the month.
Maelk strongly criticised Grachev, for indicating the talks were in trouble before they had even begun.
Johnson, who took over as premier and Liberal Party leader in January following the resignation of Robert Bourassa, has used most of his time in office travelling throughout Quebec trying to drum up support before the official election announcement.
Al-Islah, which is part of the ruling coalition, had close links with Saudi Arabia before the war.
But there will be no peace without security," he said, stressing Israel wanted the chance to see that ties had been normalised before completing a withdrawal from the Golan.
"Perhaps the answer will be to give her a hitting session just before she is due to play so that she is fully warmed up when she comes out."
On Wednesday, the home side struggled on centre-court before beating the Slovak Republic -- Sabine Hack dropping a set before beating Radka Zrubakova 6-2, 4-6, 6-3, and Anke Huber having to save two set points in a dramatic first set before clinching a nervous 7-6 (8/6), 7-5 win over Karin Habsudova.
The meeting is the last before the bank takes a summer break.
In Frankfurt, the DAX index rose 0.46 percent to 2,138.65 points in quiet trading, closing before Greenspan warned of a possible rise in US rates.
Under the Declaration of Principles signed by both sides in Washington last September powers are due to be transferred to the Palestinians in the West Bank in five areas -- education and culture, health, social affairs, direct taxation and tourism -- before an autonomy council is elected to rule the territory.
Israel and the PLO can also negotiate the transfer of other powers before elections take place.
Egyptian Foreign Minister Amr Musa said he would meet Shaath Wednesday, before a visit by Peres to Cairo set for Thursday.
Christopher was due to return to Amman late Wednesday before going back to Israel on Thursday on the next stage of his peace shuttle between Israel and Syria.
Dollar, gold down  NEW YORK, July 20 (AFP)  The dollar slipped against other major currencies Wednesday but was boosted from its morning lows by cover-buying during Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's testimony before a congressional panel.
The dollar had slipped to 1.5575 German marks before Greenspan told the Senate Banking Committee that the dollar's recent plunge left the US economy subject to inflation.
"I would have liked to get more, but I have a few more weeks before the Open."
"It definitely made a difference that he had played in it before," Ferreira said.
He played at Newport two weeks ago, then in a tournament in England before coming here.
His country had left the Commonwealth in 1961, he said, and squandered its wealth during years of apartheid oppression before coming "back to her senses."
"South Africans," he said, had "seen a veritable miracle unfolding before our very eyes.
Dealers were meanwhile waiting for Thursday's meeting of the Bundesbank council, the last before the summer break.
The French say the Gabrielle was inspected five times before setting sail and its equipment was found to be in order.
Earnings fell to 3.50 dollars per share, against 4.33 dollars per share the year before.
The GATT council also approved a report of a working group on the admission of Slovenia as a full member -- the last stage before its admission to the organisation, a GATT spokesman said.
The 39-32 percent margin will comfort Republicans 3-1/2 months before congressional elections.
"We have never seen this before.
"It has happened before, but not for such a long period of time," Edberg said.
"I went to places where I hadn't been before, taking a trip to the beach, enjoying the sights and just enjoying hardly doing anything for a week," Edberg said.
Edberg had never played here before, making his only prior visit to the US capitol as a tourist.
Taft said that two days before his arrest Simpson offered to provide investigators with leading homicide experts to help in the case but that the offer was rejected.
Dollar, gold down  NEW YORK, July 20 (AFP)  The dollar slipped against other major currencies except the pound Wednesday weakened by Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's testimony before a congressional panel.
Israeli embassy spokesman Dien Haima said there had been no warnings or threats before the explosion, and said suggestions of a bomb attack had not been confirmed.
And if Vietnam has its way, it will transform its observer status into full membership in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) before the end of 1995, officials say.
But for us, the prices have to go up dramatically before we can think of another course," a member of the Colombo tea Trader's Association said.
US Assistant Secretary of State Robert Gallucci met with Foreign Minister Han Sung-Joo to discuss ways to cement the freeze on North Korea's nuclear program promised by Kim Il-Sung before he died July 8, officals here said.
He will also meet President Kim Young-Sam and Unification Minister Lee Hong-Koo and Chung Chong-Wook, top presidential secretary on security, later Thursday, before departing early Friday.
Four days before her body was found, Marsinah had joined co-workers in a labour protest to demand better wages.
Ho Chi Minh City, which was called Saigon before 1975, was known as a "vice capital".
The poll was carried out on July 13, 14, a week before US Secretary of State Warren Christopher began another shuttle mission to try to bring peace to Israel and Syria.
"At this moment it still looks as if it is very much on the knife edge, but I think it is moving in favor of rejection here," said British MEP Pauline Green told BBC Radio hours before the scheduled vote by the parliament's 567 members in Strasbourg.
Liberals, Greens and several smaller groups had come out against Santer's nomination, she said, adding it was "not very likely" that his scheduled speech before Thursday's vote would reverse the opposition.
Business slumped in sea food restaurants as health authorities reminded the public to thoroughly clean and cook fish before eating.
The rules -- issued Wednesday by the State Bureau of Technical Supervision, the Ministry of Construction and four other government departments -- set safety standards for design and production of amusement park rides and demand strict checks before and during operation, the report said.
Israel wants a Syrian commitment to total peace with open borders before any withdrawal.
After a first operation for prostate cancer on September 11, 1992, under general anaesthetic, Mitterrand was hospitalized for six days and spent three weeks recovering before resuming full duties.
Dollar falls before Bundesbank meeting  LONDON, July 21 (AFP)  The dollar continued to fall in early trading on Thursday as the central council of the Bundesbank was preparing to hold its last meeting before the summer holidays.
Llewellyn said that the market had the impression that it now knew less about the direction of US monetary policy than it had before.
Liberals, Greens and several smaller groups had come out against Santer's nomination, Green said, adding it was "not very likely" that his speech before Thursday's vote would reverse the opposition.
Israel wants a Syrian commitment to total peace with open borders before any withdrawal.
Ulundi was the former capital of KwaZulu black homeland, the powerbase of the IFP, before it was incorporated into Natal province after all- race elections in April.
Ndwedwe has been the scene of some of the worst fighting in Natal, where the IFP and President Nelson Mandela's ANC waged a virtual civil war before the elections swept the ANC to power.
Shortly before the election, seven ANC members conducting voter education programmes in Ndwedwe were murdered in a pre-dawn attack on the house where they were sleeping.
He has also asked Thailand's foreign minister to make a formal protest and has brought the matter before parliament.
Vatana earlier asked the US House Foreign Affairs Committee to invite Lambertson to appear before it on July 6, but the ambassador did not do so.
Police spokeswoman Janine Smith said that after acting on a tip-off, police found gold worth about one million rands (277,000 dollars) in the 46-year-old Greek national's luggage at Jan Smuts Airport shortly before he was about to board a plane bound for Switzerland.
A host of South African VIPs, led by Deputy President Thabo Mbeki, Cricket Board President Krish Mackerdhuj and managing director Ali Bacher were introduced to the crowd shortly before start of play.
Chissano has opposed the announcement of a government of national unity after the elections before the election results are declared.
Blair rose rapidly through the Labour ranks to shadow home secretary before being named by a party leadership conference here Thursday to replace John Smith, who died of a heart attack in May.
"I have absolutely no illusions at all as to the cacophany of abuse that will come from Conservative quarters," he said before his nomination.
"We will look at all the possibilities in connection with the follow- up of the present situation," he told reporters before flying to New York for talks with the UN chief.
The minefield is surrounded by fields of maize and returning refugees were waiting to move in and plant food where only mutilation lay before.
But ironically, the once phosphate-rich island of Nauru may be re- mined before the planned rehabilitation gets off the ground.
Residual and secondary phosphate can be re-mined from the phosphates before rehabilitation, the study says.
The study group will consider quality and market demand before making any decision on what to do with the pinnacles.
It was the last meeting of the central council before the summer holiday.
The emir has rejected similar proposals before.
Echoing themes developed by Delors during his 10-year presidency, Santer said before the vote: "a Union which does not respond to people's expectations is doomed to unsurmountable hurdles."
The dollar was being quoted at 1.5575 marks from 1,5625 marks 10 minutes earlier before the Bundesbank had announced the outcome of its last council meeting before the summer holiday.
Egyptian officials said Peres, who became the first Israeli leader to enter Jordan officially on Wednesday, was due to see his Egyptian counterpart Amr Mussa before meeting Mubarak.
Japan, US seen resuming talks in Hong Kong as sanctions deadline looms  TOKYO, July 21 (AFP)  Japan and the United States are reportedly preparing to resume trade talks in Hong Kong this weekend, a week before the expiry of Washington's latest deadline on whether to impose sanctions against Tokyo.
French deputy Bernard Tapie, who supported the "no" vote, pointed out in the debate before the ballot that Santer's role at the head of the European Commission would be called into question if he was elected "by forceps."
On the day before the anniversary of the election last month, Abiola declared Abacha's regime illegal and proclaimed himself acting head of state.
"We will look at all the possibilities in connection with the follow- up of the present situation," he told reporters before flying to New York for talks with the UN chief.
Christopher later left for Tel Aviv and more talks with Rabin before flying Friday to Damascus for another round of meetings with Syrian leaders.
The South African Airways flight is heading for Wisconsin, where it will take part in an air show at the end of the month, before returning to Johannesburg.
Led by Salim Malik, Pakistan will play three Tests and three one-day internationals against Sri Lanka before a four-nation limited overs series here also involving India and Australia.
Frenchman Armand de las Cuevas, 17th overall, pulled out before the start, suffering from bronchitis.
Ugrumov takes stage, Indurain retains lead  CLUSES, France, July 21 (AFP)  Russian Piotr Ugrumov, denied victory the day before, won the 18th stage of the Tour de France here Thursday.
Frenchman Armand de las Cuevas, 17th overall, pulled out before the start, suffering from bronchitis.
Peres was speaking before meetings with Mussa and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak, whom he was due to brief on his landmark peace talks Wednesday in Jordan.
Christopher met with Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin in Tel Aviv Thursday before holding talks with PLO chairman Yasser Arafat during his first visit to the newly-autonomous Gaza Strip.
Mbeki, Cricket Board president Krish Mackerdhuj and managing director Ali Bacher were then among a party of dignitaries introduced to the crowd shortly before start of play.
Leg spinner Ian Salisbury had posed few problems, but the introduction of Hick earned England the breakthrough 40 minutes before tea.
He said priority would then be given to rebuilding schools and hospitals before winter and assisting the elderly.
                    Argentina-blast                     500 words around 1630 GMT                     by Oscar Martinez     GREENBELT,     Maryland:        Astronomers, scrambling to snatch up data                      before the window shuts on this week's Jupiter                      comet crash say the last impact of fragment W                      on Friday could give home viewers a real show.
Jupiter comet show to wind down with bonus for backyard astronomers  GREENBELT, Maryland, July 21 (AFP)  Astronomers, scrambling to snatch up data before the window shuts on this week's Jupiter comet crash, said Thursday the last impact of Fragment W on Friday could give home viewers a real show.
However, she added researchers must still go through all the data before drawing strong conclusions.
Christopher went back to Tel Aviv for more talks with Rabin in the evening before flying Friday to Damascus for another round of meetings with Syrian leaders.
Martinez dropped a set in a tough two-hour match against plucky Patricia Tarabini before coming home 6-3, 6-7 (6/8), 6-2 while Sanchez saw off Florencia Labat 6-1, 6-4.
Livermore, who played 16 first team games for Liverpool before moving to Norwich in November 1970 for 22,000 pounds, was confirmed as number two to Anfield manager and former reserve team mate Roy Evans.
Jupiter comet show to wind down with bonus for backyard astronomers by John Zollinger  GREENBELT, Maryland, July 21 (AFP)  Astronomers, scrambling to snatch up data before the window shuts on this week's Jupiter comet crash, said Thursday the last impact of Fragment W on Friday could give home viewers a real show.
US demands shutdown of pirate CD industry as price for re-entering GATT by Giles Hewitt  BEIJING, July 21 (AFP)  The United States Thursday demand that China shutdown its pirate CD industry and take tougher action on copyright violations before it can rejoin the GATT world trade body.
French deputy Bernard Tapie, who supported the "no" vote, pointed out in the debate before the ballot that Santer's role at the head of the European Commission would be called into question if he was elected "by forceps."
Otto was found the next day but escaped again before being brought back on Tuesday.
Medvedev, at 19 the youngest player ranked in the ATP's Top 10, hopes that a week's break from the tour before resuming in Cincinnati will give the injury a chance to heal.
Ugrumov's victory in Thursday's 175km (108 mile) Alpine stage from Moutiers is just reward for his efforts on the day, and the day before at Val-Thorens.
Hick justified the England selectors' decision to forego Shaun Udal and use his occasional off-spin foil to Ian Salisbury's leg spin, by taking the wicket of Peter Kirsten 40 minutes before tea for a Test best 72.
The market closed before the Bundesbank announced its decision to maintain its key interest rates unchanged.
(changing dateline) Japan, US seen resuming talks in Hong Kong as sanctions deadline looms  WASHINGTON, July 21 (AFP)  Japan and the United States will hold preliminary discussions to trade talks in Hong Kong this weekend, a week before the expiry of Washington's latest deadline on whether to impose sanctions against Tokyo, US sources said Thursday.
The fight was scheduled to take place at the Mirage hotel in Las Vegas, but was called of after Chavez suffered a cut during training eight days before the fight.
Trainer Henry Cecil has been anxious about the likely firm ground at Ascot, and will wait until the last possible moment before deciding whether to declare the colt for the midsummer showpiece.
On Thursday he met with Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin in Tel Aviv before visiting PLO chairman Yasser Arafat in the newly- autonomous Gaza Strip.
He was expected to return on Friday to Damascus where he already met with Syrian President Hafez al-Assad on Tuesday, having held talks with Rabin the day before when he started his hectic peace shuttle in Israel.
The resolution is similar to one approved before the US strike against Iraq to end its invasion of Kuwait in 1990.
But 100 US lawmakers signed a letter which would force Clinton to seek congressional approval before sending troops to the impoverished nation.
In London, the dollar rose to 1.5815 marks before slipping back to a close of 1.5755 marks, its highest close since July 5.
Medvedev, at 19 the youngest player ranked in the ATP's top 10, hopes that a week's break from the tour before resuming in Cincinnatti will give the injury a chance to heal.
On the day before the anniversary of the election last month, Abiola declared Abacha's regime illegal and proclaimed himself acting head of state.
"We want this to be a great occasion," said Bacher, managing director of the South African United Cricket Board, after talks with Illingworth, chairman of the England selectors, before the start of play in the First Test against England.
Ballesteros revealed he had undergone two treatment sessions in the European Tour's travelling physiotherapy unit after Wednesday's pro- am, and another before attempting to play the opening round of a tournament with which he has a special affinity.
"I got a bit nervous at Turnberry because I had not been in that position before," said the 22-year-old who was runner-up in last month's French Open.
Yeltsin's spokesman reiterated hours before Solzhenitsyn's arrival that the president would like to meet with the writer.
Earlier before meeting President Hosni Mubarak and his Egyptian counterpart Amr Mussa, Peres said there was no sign of an end to the impasse in talks with Syria, despite Christopher's latest peace shuttle.
Mandela said that, if advised to do so by Maputo authorities, he would be happy to meet RENAMO leader Afonso Dhlakama before leaving the country Friday.
Hitting a dozen boundaries, he coaxed his side to 228 before Winston Benjamin bagged two for 16 to leave the hosts on 43 for two at the close.
But the Red Rose outfit then fought back, getting Desmond Haynes, Mike Gatting and Mike Roseberry out before the close to leave them on 62 for three at stumps.
Jon Ander Solabarrieta, the captain of the Francisco y Begonia, was ordered to pay 100,000 francs (18,867 dollars) before being allowed to leave port here as well as 400,000 francs in compensation and 30,000 francs in costs, judicial officials said.
Reynolds also defended his government against anyone who depicted it as "potential territorial aggressors," and compared the situation in Ireland with Germany before reunification.
Not only does the White House say it wants to give economic sanctions a chance to work -- which would suppose a delay before it turns to other methods -- but the administration and its allies are far from speaking in one voice.
Traders expected the market to open on a note of hesitation Friday, when Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan is to testify before Congress.
In the meantime, the international community is to consider tougher sanctions, after the Serbs imposed a stream of conditions they wanted fulfilled before they would accept the plan.
However, the poll also suggests Labour has a long way to go before convincing voters it is fit to lead the country.
The findings are based on research carried out last weekend before a Tory cabinet reshuffle Wednesday, designed to boost the party's fortunes, and before the announcement Thursday that the "modernising" Tony Blair had, as long predicted, won the Labour leadership contest.
Lawmakers in Convergence, comprised of dissident Christian-democrats who support Caldera, and the leftist Socialist Movement withdrew from the session before the vote.
"Once we have reached an agreement on this subject, the second stage will be to put it into effect even before we sign a peace treaty," he added.
There is talk of a cholera epidemic, and Francois makes everyone wash their hands with soap in a bucket before meals.
It only takes ten minutes in the dump's vicinity before one begins to suffer from headaches and dizziness, along with an unpleasant dryness of the mouth.
Kim Il-Sung issued unification instruction before death: NKorean radio  SEOUL, July 22 (AFP)  The late North Korean leader Kim Il-Sung issued a "precious instruction" concerning the reunification of the two Koreas, just hours before he died on July 8, official southern monitors quoted North Korean radio as saying Friday.
"Kim Il-Sung gave the precious instruction only hours before his heart stopped beating," the monitors quoted the broadcast as saying, adding that the radio did not elaborate on the date, time and content of the "instruction."
North Korea has said that Kim, who had long set 1995 as a date for the reunification of the peninsula, died of a heart attack brought about by stress days before he was to have held an historic first-ever summit with South Korea.
The latest rows revolve around US allegations over Beijing's failure to protect its intellectual property rights and over US calls for further market opening by China before it is readmitted to the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.
ASEAN's secretariat is eager to see how Vietnam copes as a partner in the working groups it joined earlier this year before moving to full membership, which would involve officials from Hanoi in about 200 meetings a year.
"Once we get an application, we will set in train various procedures for Hanoi's membership," a senior Filipino official said, adding that Vietnam which now has observer status, could be a full member before the next ASEAN summit scheduled for late next year.
Two masked gunmen broke into the home of the couple and gunned down the 44-year-old businessman in front of his girlfriend before fleeing on foot, a police spokesman said.
The attraction was mutual, but Devi took her time before accepting his proposal.
Speaking before the Friday prayers at Tehran University, Besharati added 90,200 kilograms (198,440 pounds) of various drugs had been seized in the same period.
Row erupts over Melbourne exhibition tournament plans  MELBOURNE, July 22 (AFP)  A row has erupted over plans to hold an exhibition tournament here the week before the Australian Open which would clash with the New South Wales Open in Sydney.
International mediators have convened a meeting in Geneva for July 30 to consider reactions to the Serb rejection which could include slapping tougher sanctions after the Serbs imposed a stream of conditions they wanted fulfilled before they would accept the plan.
and isn't just talking about cooperation," Patten told reporters a few hours before his departure for London.
He was planning to spend four days in the British capital next week reviewing Hong Kong issues with Prime Minister John Major and Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd, before spending August on holiday, including a spell in France.
Skies over Cape Canaveral, however, were clear an hour before the original landing time at 6:47 a.m. (1047 GMT).
Negotiations for the sale of broadcast rights to the 2000 Games could be held before or after Atlanta, Payne said.
The former American football star already appeared before a municipal judge July 8, who deemed there was enough evidence to put him on trial for the June 12 stabbing deaths of his ex-wife Nicole Brown, 35, and her friend Ronald Goldman, 25.
Civilians are very rarely considered for the honour, which had never before been bestowed on someone with a criminal record.
Officials here said the king would make a stopover in London at the weekend before flying on to Washington for the summit on Monday with Rabin, their first public meeting together.
A resolution of the strikes could be found if government "made concessions by accepting at least the principal demands of the oil workers," Wariebi Kojo Agamene, president of the National Union of Petroleum and Gas Workers (NUPENG), told AFP minutes before the talks began.
Voter education in a country which has never before had an election is carried out along with registration by mobile brigades in even the most remote areas of this huge southeast African nation of some 15 million people.
If they have no documents, two witnesses have to vouch for them before their picture is taken with a Polaroid camera and they are presented with a voter registration card.
The secretary had been expected to give a press conference at the end of his talks but he emerged from the meeting and headed straight to the US embassy before going to the airport to catch his plane to Washington.
The statistical office said that total GDP was now 1.5 percent higher than it had been in the second quarter of 1990 just before the economy had gone into recession.
The secretary had spoken of "new hope" for Syria-Israeli peace after he began his Middle East peace mission in Israel on Monday and before meeting Assad on Tuesday.
Perry was due to visit an American military hospital near the Zagreb airport before flying on to the NATO airbase in Aviano, Italy and returning to the United States.
Brian McMillan followed him back to the pavilion for 29 just before lunch, flicking Fraser down the leg side and into Rhodes' gloves.
It said Abdallah Ghanemi, 30, had kidnapped the girl and "raped her until she died" before disposing of the body in an abandoned house.
Christopher held three hours of discussions with Assad -- their third round of talks in a week -- before boarding the plane which US officials said was taking him back to Washington.
Attempting to catch up in the fight against heroin, France will also step up its methadone substitution programme providing 1,645 beds before the end of the year, compared with 500 at present.
Total output has not yet recovered to levels achieved before the recession but has risen continuously since November.
INSEE has warned that the total is unlikely to stabilise before the end of the year.
Yeltsin met the president of the Duma, Ivan Rybkine, before signing the decree, presidential spokesman Viatcheslav Kostikov said.
Christopher held three hours of  discussions with Assad before boarding a plane for Washington, US officials  said.
Couple, two children held hostage in Georgia  TBILISSI, July 22 (AFP)  Four armed men held hostage a couple and their two children in an apartment in the centre of the Georgian capital for several hours demanding 5,000 dollars before releasing them unharmed, the interior ministry said.
Soldiers defuse bomb on pipeline serving Turkish-US base  ANKARA, July 22 (AFP)  Turkish soldiers on Friday defused a time-bomb placed on a fuel pipeline serving the Incirlik air base in southern Turkey only two minutes before it was due to explode, the Anatolia news agency said here.
Greenspan was appearing before Congress for the second time this week, amid indications the Fed could again hike interest rates to ward off inflation.
Graham Gooch started his 200th Test innings by pushing a single off McMillan before England retreated to the pavilion.
The French Open champion was forced to move up a gear before gratefully clinching the 6-3, 2-6, 8-6 victory which put Spain into the semi-finals.
Ugrumov produced a superhuman performance to win the rainy 19th stage, two days before the 1994 race comes to an end on the Champs Elysees, with Indurain as the almost certain victor.
He added that he expected the court -- officially known as the International Tribunal for the Prosecution of War Crimes in former Yugoslavia -- to charge its first defendants before the end of 1994.
Dixon claimed NPFL forces attacked AFL positions shortly after dawn Tuesday and the fighting lasted two hours before AFL forces repelled the NPFL.
"I think that there is always a black sheep in all families," his father said in a BBC television interview aired Friday before the court ruling.
Aden's port installations were hit during an intense month-long bombardment by northern forces loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh before they captured the city on July 7.
The refinery, which processed 140,000 barrels of oil per day before the war, was seriously damaged by northern warplanes.
Yemen produced 350,000 barrels of oil per day before the war, more than half of it from the Maareb field.
The talks in Hong Kong come only a week before the expiry of Washington's latest deadline on whether to impose sanctions against Tokyo for failing to expand its procurement of foreign telecommunications and medical equipment.
(new series) No new action over Bosnia before contact group meeting: Perry  ZAGREB, July 22 (AFP)  The international community will take no new action over Bosnia until after the scheduled July 30 meeting of the contact group which drafted the peace plan, US Defence Secretary William Perry said here Friday.
Sanchez wins without her racquets  FRANKFURT, Germany, July 22 (AFP)  Spanish number-one Arantxa Sanchez, who put Spain into the semi-finals of the Federation Cup here on Friday when she won a marathon singles against Japan's Kimiko Date, later revealed that her racquets were stolen before the match.
The talks in Hong Kong come only a week before the expiry of Washington's latest deadline on whether to impose sanctions against Tokyo for failing to expand its procurement of foreign telecommunications and medical equipment.
Lawmakers in Convergence, comprised of dissident Christian-democrats who support Caldera, and the leftist Movement Toward Socialism withdrew from the session before the vote.
Yellen frightened the markets by backing "growth and jobs, before talking abour price stability and defence of a strong currency," Thorsten Neufeld of Deutsche Bank said.
In Paris, the dollar closed at 1.5965 marks from 1.5765 Thursday and 5.4680 French francs from 5.3610 the day before.
At 1715 GMT, the dollar was at 1.5963 German marks against 1.5900 German marks at Thursday's close and at 98.83 yen against 99.05 yen the evening before.
Horta said an Australian colleague, Margherita Tracanelli, was interrogated by Thai immigration officials for several hours on Thursday before being expelled Friday.
His forceful response contrasted with Simpson's appearance at his first arraignment before Municipal Court, when he was under a suicide watch and appeared to be under sedation.
The next step will be a pre-trial hearing July 29 before Ito.
Aden's port installations were hit during an intense month-long bombardment by northern forces loyal to President Ali Abdallah Saleh before they captured the city on July 7.
The refinery, which processed 140,000 barrels of oil per day before the war, was seriously damaged by northern warplanes.
Yemen produced 350,000 barrels of oil per day before the war, more than half of it from the Maareb field.
The three-month price jumped Tuesday to 609 dollars per tonne, its highest level for 20 months, before slipping back slightly.
Prices were steady at the London tea auctions with the best African teas finding buyers at slightly lower prices than the week before while medium range teas rose in price.
US budget deficit reaches 15.2 billion dollars in June  WASHINGTON, July 22 (AFP)  The United States saw its budget deficit reach 15.2 billion dollars in June against 11.1 billion the year before, the Treasury Department announced Friday.
France, who have been semi-finalists at the event five times, are hoping they can go further than ever before.
She needed a time-out after suffering from stomach pains in the sixth game of the second set but fought all the way before going down 7-6 (8/6), 4-6, 4-6 in a 2hr 36min marathon.
Against the titleholders, Japan's fifth-ranked Kimiko Date fought back superbly in a thrilling 2hrs 13min marathon but failed to upset battling Arantxa Sanchez who had to move up a gear before gratefully pocketing a 6-3, 2-6, 8-6 victory.
Lara, who hit 70 in the championship game against Essex at Edgbaston on Thursday, managed only nine in his second innings before being trapped lbw by Ronnie Irani.
Acting skipper Tim Munton claimed six for 89 to dismiss Essex for 215 before Roger Twose and Andy Moles carved out a century opening stand as Warwickshire reached 156 for three at the close, giving them a 146-run first innings lead.
US budget surplus reaches 15.2 billion dollars in June  WASHINGTON, July 22 (AFP)  The United States saw its budget surplus reach 15.2 billion dollars in June against 11.1 billion dollars the year before, the Treasury Department announced Friday.
Tapie was removed after eight years as Olympique Marseille president and the club demoted to the second division after being implicated in bribing three Valenciennes players before a match which helped clinch Marseille's fifth successive league title.
Caldera's coalition allies withdrew from the session before the vote, handing the opposition a lopsided victory.
Jordan nabs wife-killer suspect upon US request  AMMAN, July 22 (AFP)  Jordan Friday nabbed a fugitive, suspected of strangling his 40-year old wife in the United States before fleeing to the kingdom.
Sampras, Becker pull out of Canadian Open  TORONTO, July 22 (AFP)  World number one Pete Sampras has pulled out of next week's Canadian Open, the third seed to withdraw in the final week before one of the major warm-ups for the US Open.
Pernfors, the surprise winner of the Canadian Open last year in Montreal, announced before organisers began the seedings that he would not be back this year.
Caution was the order of the week as Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan appeared before Congress to detail the central bank's expectations for the US economy and Lawrence Summers, the under secretary of the treasury for international affairs, issued a semi- annual report on the global economy and exchange rate policies.
The organisation added that less than a day before Gyaw's speech in Bangkok, 360 soldiers from the "tatmadaw" entered a camp, populated by civilian refugees from the Mon ethnic minority.
Shoemaker said an Earthbound comet could be detected two years before it collided.
The 1994 budget, still under discussion, has been limited to 11 million US dollars, more than 96 percent lower than levels before the war (293 million dollars).
Caldera's coalition allies withdrew from the session before the vote, handing the opposition a lopsided victory.
It has worked before."
Stoltenberg had played in five straight ATP events before taking a rest last week.
It was the foreign minister who sparked optimism when he declared a couple of days before Christopher arrived in the region that Israel recognized Syrian sovereignty over the Golan Heights.
Hans Koschnick of Germany, who takes on the position of EU administrator in the town from Saturday, made his arrival conditional on the demilitarisation being complete before he took up his post.
Mostar was for almost a year the scene of violent clashes between Croats and Moslems, before the two sides buried the hatchet and formed a federation following a March accord signed in Washington.
He then visited the National Cemetery to lay a wreath at the tomb of the unknown soldier, before heading straight for the presidential Blue House for talks with President Kim Young-Sam.
Prime Minister Murayama will also attend an official dinner at the Blue House and hold a working breakfast with Kim Young-Sam Sunday before he leaves for home.
The talks in Hong Kong come only a week before the expiry of Washington's latest deadline on whether to impose sanctions against Tokyo for failing to expand its procurement of foreign telecommunications and medical equipment.
Northern Ireland referee Brian Stirling was unsighted and took no action, but Roux is expected to be called before a discplinary committee because the incident was so widely seen.
The All Black pack pushed six metres before Brooke touched down with the helpless South Africans left spectating.
Speaking here after two days of talks in Beijing, she left no doubt that Washington expects China to give significant ground on thorny trade issues before it can hope to join to the world trade body.
A few hours before their escape was announced, NBI chief Epimaco Velasco said they were following a hot lead on their whereabouts.
EU close to cooperation accord with Vietnam  HANOI, July 23 (AFP)  The European Union is expected to sign an economic cooperation agreement with Vietnam before the end of the year after resolving problems on the wording of a human rights clause, commissioner Hans van den Broek said Saturday.
He is to leave for Ho Chi Minh City Saturday before travelling on to the ASEAN conference in Bangkok.
Northern Ireland referee Brian Stirling was unsighted and took no action, but Roux is expected to be called before a discplinary committee because the incident was so widely seen.
After a first operation for prostate cancer on September 11, 1992, under general anaesthetic, Mitterrand was hospitalized for six days and spent three weeks recovering before resuming full duties.
Nasreen, 32, went into hiding hours before the warrant was issued under the existing law which provides punishment for upsetting the sensitivities of any religious group.
Nasreen would have to appear before a preliminary hearing first, which would then decide if a full trial was warranted.
Kim also stated that pledges made by his father to Carter when the latter visited Pyongyang shortly before Kim's death would "remain in effect," Pak said.
The demilitarisaton of the town, a condition set by Koschnick before he would take up his post as EU administrator, went ahead as planned and was completed by midnight (2200 GMT) Friday.
Abdullah, in Bangkok for meetings of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), said no date had been set for the prince's departure but it would be before a visit to Malaysia of Cambodia's co- premiers in August.
The demilitarisaton of the town, a condition set by Koschnick before he would take up his post as EU administrator, went ahead as planned and was completed by midnight (2200 GMT) Friday.
At the start of the trouble inmates climbed onto the roof of the main building but then dispersed into the prison yard, before starting several fires simultaneously in the prison compound.
He later attended an official dinner at the Blue House and will hold a working breakfast with Kim Young-Sam Sunday before he leaves for home.
For the moment, the Simpson case comes before EVERYTHING.
The total amount of output has not yet recovered to the amounts achieved before the recession but has risen continuously since November.
The talks in Hong Kong came only a week before the expiry of Washington's latest deadline on whether to impose sanctions against Tokyo for failing to expand its procurement of foreign telecommunications and medical equipment.
Gough, also deciding that attack was the best policy, reached 12 off 15 balls before returning a sharp catch to Donald, giving him his fifth wicket.
He said the situation of the Rwandan refugees "was a catastrophe without precedence" for Goma which before the refugee crisis had a population of 200,000.
Race leader Miguel Indurain of Spain cruised home, 24 hours before his triumpant ride through Paris.
Had the militias been disarmed before April, the subsequent death toll would have been lower, he added.
Asked how long his his unelected government would rule before elections, Bizimungu predicted five years, due to the enormous tasks facing his administration.
Ousterley's camera and passport were missing from the houseboat where he was staying before his death.
They lost Andrew Hudson -- trapped lbw by a Fraser delivery that stayed ominously low from England's point of view -- before lunch.
After a first operation for prostate cancer on September 11, 1992, under general anaesthetic, Mitterrand was hospitalized for six days and spent three weeks recovering before resuming full duties.
Naqvi attended the former hearings before being extradited to the United States in May to stand trial on charges related to the BCCI collapse.
Abu Dhabi, the main oil-producing emirate in the UAE, owned 77 percent of BCCI, which was one of the biggest financial institutions in the world before it was shut down in July 1991 amid allegations of massive fraud.
Abu Dhabi has offered 1.8 billion dollars in compensation for BCCI's nearly 250,000 depositors, but the plan has to be approved by courts in Britain, Luxembourg and Grand Cayman before disbursements start.
After a first operation for prostate cancer on September 11, 1992, under general anaesthetic, Mitterrand was hospitalized for six days and spent three weeks recovering before resuming full duties.
Darren Gough struck a couple of defiant boundaries before becoming Donald's fifth victim, the South African fast bowler finishing up with five for 74 - his fourth haul of five or more wickets in his 15th Test.
Andrew Hudson fell leg before in the third over to a ball from Fraser which shot through low, but the younger Kirsten and Hansie Cronje ensured there would be no further alarms.
Cronje was removed for 32 in mid-afternoon, hooking at Gough, before England's spinners settled into a probing partnership.
Jimenez is determined to make amends for his play-off defeat in the Hamburg tournament in June, and is one of the freshest players in the field after taking a three-week enforced rest before the Open championship.
The demilitarisation of the town, a condition set by Koschnick before he would take up his post, was completed before midnight Friday.
Greek Foreign Minister Carolos Papoulias, speaking in Athens before his arrival in Mostar, had claimed the European tutelage of Mostar as a success of Greece's EU presidency.
Spain, bidding for a third title before the competition format is changted in 1995, were clearly overconfident when they came out to face a home team playing without world number-one Steffi Graf.
And the strong lineup of Gigi Fernandez and Zina Garrison were given a good pre-final work-out by Nathalie Tauziat and Halard before scoring a 3-6, 6-1, 6-2 win.
Pierce, who lives at the Bollettieri Tennis Academy in Florida, plans to appear in only one tournament (Montreal) before the final Grand Slam tournament of the year at Flushing Meadow.
He shared in a 166-run opening stand with Marcus Trescothick, hammering 13 fours and a six before falling caught and bowled to Franklyn Stephenson.
But he added that he still wanted to see the Bundesliga club before making a final decision.
Rolf Sorensen makes it a Danish double after Bjarne Riis' stage win the day before.
They nurse him back into the race before he counter-attacks to finish third in the bravest ride of the Tour.
About 200 rare books dating before 1600 were believed lost.
About 200 rare books dating before 1600 were believed lost.
Suspects, whether they killed under extenuating circumstances or willingly, would stand trial, probably before both Rwandan and foreign judges.
Moussalli said in an interview the UN had been hamstrung by the need to seek the authority of the government of the day before acting.
Liberal Party of Quebec president Jacques Lamoreux said Johnson met with the party leadership here for the last time before launching the election campaign.
Southern Yemeni official insists on full amnesty  DUBAI, July 24 (AFP)  A southern Yemeni official insisted Saturday that the north, victorious in a two-month civil war, grant a "general and total amnesty" to the defeated southerners before a scheduled bilateral meeting in Europe in the next few days.
Saleh Mohammed, a presidential council member of unified Yemen before the war broke out, said both sides would meet in Geneva on July 28 and not Paris as earlier forecast.
Baid fled to Oman just before the end of the war, which erupted after months of tension between Aden and Sanaa.
Southern Yemeni official insists on full amnesty  DUBAI, July 24 (AFP)  A southern Yemeni official insisted Saturday that the north, victorious in a two-month civil war, grant a "general and total amnesty" to the defeated southerners before a scheduled bilateral meeting in Europe in the next few days.
Saleh Mohammed, a presidential council member of unified Yemen before the war broke out, said both sides would meet in Geneva on July 28 and not Paris as earlier forecast.
Baid fled to Oman just before the end of the war, which erupted after months of tension between Aden and Sanaa.
The paper said it has seen the minutes of secret meetings between military officials from both Saudi Arabia and Kuwait in the desert in 1989, just a year before Iraq marched into Kuwait, proving Riyadh's financing of Baghdad's nuclear programme.
Both sides described the talks as constructive however and said they had agreed to meet again before next Saturday's deadline set by Washington for market opening measures in purchases of medical equipment and telecommunications.
"It's worse than before, and even then it was bad," said Khaled Radwan, a house painter who had to make it to Ashkelon, some nine miles (15 kilometers) away.
After Israel demanded stricter Palestinian checks before reopening Erez, more Palestinian police were on duty than usual.
But Israeli leaders have met the king secretly several times before, despite their continued state of war since Israel's creation in 1948.
But Israel wants a Syrian commitment to full peace with open borders before any withdrawal from the Golan.
"Most of the unversity students here have come to get the feel of the place before they commit themselves to regular classes," said a third- year law student.
The bank and donors have demanded the Palestinians establish open accounting procedures before paying out more money.
Saddam also called for a ministerial commission to be set up to prevent illegal speculation on medical supplies and waste of them before they reached the people.
Iraq was one of the biggest oil producers in the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) before the invasion.
But Israel wants a Syrian commitment to full peace with open borders before any withdrawal from the Golan.
Foreign Office staff have nicknamed the new building the "El Alamo," a reference to fort where a handful of American volunteers fought a heroic battle against the Mexican army before being overwhelmed.
Instead, they find themselves in the same jobs, earning the same wages and being discriminated against to the same extent as they were before the election.
An answer is not expected before late Sunday evening.
It will be the autumn before London and Dublin try to lure Ulster's political parties around the negotiating table with a follow-up formula.
Contacts were stepped up when Yitzhak Rabin took power in 1974 and the two leaders met six times before the right wing won elections in May 1977 and opposed any territorial concessions.
The morning session was a minor victory for the home team, who denied Kepler Wessels the chance to unleash his pace attack before lunch.
The driver of a Ford Sierra with Hungarian number-plates seen near the church just before the explosion Saturday was found by police but released when he supplied a valid alibi, MTI said.
Manila warns US of possible trade violation  BANGKOK, July 24 (AFP) - The Philippines said Sunday that a bill before the US Congress amounted to trade protectionism and could touch off an international battle which would undo the Uruguay Round agreement of the GATT.
(changing dateline) Tribal militants massacre 50 in India  GUWAHATI, India, July 24 (AFP)  Suspected tribal militants shot dead 50 sleeping Moslems in a refugee camp in the northeastern Indian state of Assam before dawn on Sunday, prompting demands for the government's resignation.
The third absent defendant is former chief executive Mohammed Swaleh Naqvi, a Briton, who was extradited to the United States nearly a month before he was sentenced by the Abu Dhabi court to 14 years, the longest jail term against a BCCI defendant.
Abu Dhabi, the main oil-producing emirate in the UAE, owned 77 percent of BCCI, which was one of the biggest financial institutions in the world before it was shut down in July 1991 amid allegations of massive fraud.
                    Caribbean-Colombia                     450 words around 1745 GMT     GUWAHATI, India:                     Suspected tribal militants shoot dead 50                     sleeping Moslems in a refugee camp in the                     Indian state of Assam before dawn, prompting                     demands for the government's resignation.
The morning session had been a very minor victory for England, who denied Kepler Wessels the chance to unleash his pace attack before lunch.
He had even toppled the Spaniard as the world number one just before the start -- only to be ground into the dirt in the mountains, theoretically his strongest discipline and where he was favoured to outperform Indurain.
However, plans were altered several times before the communist regime in former Czechoslovakia fell in 1989.
It's not the exact figure, but before we start the regular procedure we agreed on that figure," he said.
Christopher said Israel and Syria are talking "more seriously, more substantively than ever before."
The freeze was declared by then-president Kim Il-Sung before his death on July 8.
In that case the prisoners were protesting what they said were long periods of detention before expulsion, and they blamed Algerian bureaucratic red tape, according to police.
But Israel wants a Syrian commitment to full peace with open borders before any withdrawal from the Golan.
"I did not play well at the Open but I had a lesson from my brother before I came here and it made all the difference to my driving.
In that case the prisoners were protesting what they said were long periods of detention before expulsion, and they blamed Algerian bureaucratic red tape, according to police.
Lancashire's chance of keeping the pressure on Warwickshire lasted just 12 overs at Old Trafford before rain ruined their game against Middlesex and Surrey were also denied by the weather against Nottinghamshire.
Atherton admitted he made a mistake by keeping dirt in his pocket to dry his fingers before handling the ball.
Christopher said Israel and Syria are talking "more seriously, more substantively than ever before."
The governments are not expected to devise such a formula before September or October.
"There are two weeks until harvest time, if the Rwandans have not returned home before then, we will need to help them for a year," he added.
On the eve of the summit, Christopher said Israel and Syria were talking "more seriously, more substantively than ever before."
But Israel wants a Syrian commitment to full peace with open borders before any withdrawal from the Golan.
In that case the prisoners were protesting what they said were long periods of detention before expulsion, and they blamed Algerian bureaucratic red tape, according to police.
    GUWAHATI, India:                     Suspected tribal militants shoot dead 50                     sleeping Moslems in a refugee camp in the                     Indian state of Assam before dawn, prompting                     demands for the government's resignation.
The president posed for pictures with former classmates and mingled before taking to the dance floor.
In June, weeks before the massive exodus of Rwanda's majority Hutus to Zaire, Fleischman deplored what she termed Washington's indifference to massacres that cost the lives of about 500,000 minority Tutsis.
Additionally, Argentina's ambassador to the United States, Raul Granillo Ocampo, will testify August 1 before the US Congress on the attack in an effort to gain more US support for the investigation into the bombing.
Additionally, Argentina's ambassador to the United States, Raul Granillo Ocampo, will testify August 1 before the US Congress on the attack in an effort to gain more US support for the investigation into the bombing.
Additionally, Argentina's ambassador to the United States, Raul Granillo Ocampo, will testify August 1 before the US Congress on the attack in an effort to gain more US support for the investigation into the bombing.
Ng Po-keung, who owns a Japanese language school, has put the plate up for sale before emigrating to the United States and before China takes back control of Hong Kong in 1997.
Theft of electricity was one of the problems in the city, Ne said in an interview with the Lao Dong newspaper, before accusing power company officials of complicity in diverting power illegally.
They tried to torch the camp before escaping.
Under international telecommunications union rules, Beijing was supposed to ask Tokyo's permission before launching the satellite to an orbit close to the exsisting Japanese satellite.
In that case the prisoners were protesting what they said were long periods of detention before expulsion, and they blamed Algerian bureaucratic red tape, according to police.
Bahr said HAMAS would not take part in elections under autonomy which are expected before the end of the year.
He was caught in Jerusalem in 1949 and hanged in Amman, exactly 45 years before the first official summit meeting between the leaders of the two countries, the daily said.
Bokai managed to send back only one letter before his death.
The helicopter, which was carrying three doctors, three pilots and an officer, slammed into a rock before exploding, the agency said, quoting the northern fleet general staff.
He warned that troops loyal to the deposed regime had probably regrouped inside Zaire to "carry out harrassment attacks" on the new government, "just like the RPF (Rwandan Patriotic Front) did before from Uganda."
The army "feels that it represents an ethnic majority, the Hutus," who made up around 85 percent of the population before up to a million people were butchered as Rwanda slid back into civil war in April.
Rabin, Hussein and Clinton were then to deliver brief speeches before holding three-way talks.
Jaycox was due to arrive in Ivory Coast's economic capital Monday afternoon and hold meetings with President Henri Konan Bedie, Prime Minister Daniel Kablan Duncan and principal opposition leader Laurent Gbagbo, before leaving again on Wednesday.
The minister said he would meet unspecified "presidents and defence ministers" and the commander-in-chief of Bosnian Serb forces, Radko Mladic before returning to Moscow Wednesday.
However, plans were altered several times before the communist regime in former Czechoslovakia fell in 1989.
Sciascia was immediately brought before judge Antonio Di Pietro.
"We understand that the Zairean authorities have placed obstacles to the return of refugees and we think it is in the interest of security of both countries that the problem is solved," Bizimungu told reporters just before he took off in a private aircraft at Kigali airport.
Le Roux was not available to comment on the ban, but he told Television New Zealand before the hearing he was bitter at the way he has been abandoned by the South African management.
The market feared that the United States might launch trade sanctions against Japan if an agreement were not found before Saturday and that could push the yen upwards, Luxton said.
The 21-year-old, a French Open finalist before going down to compatriot Sergi Bruguera, clinched Spain's sixth men's title of 1994.
This is the practice by dealers of buying or selling for their own account in the knowledge of, but before executing, orders for clients.
As soon as a member of the ring had knowledge that a client wanted to place a big order to buy stock which was likely to push up the price of the share involved, he informed the other members who bought beforehand to realise significant profits later.
Velasco said the Chinese, from China's Fookien province, arrived in the Philippine capital on July 11 and stayed at a downtown hotel before attempting to board their flight.
One of the Russians peers through his binoculars at the Afghan river bank and says that "the Afghans guarding the bridge opposite are the same ones who were there before the 'bearded lot' took Kabul.
Salvatore Sciascia was immediately brought before judge Antonio Di Pietro, the star of the anti-corruption campaign, to face charges of tax evasion in a probe into alleged collusion between leading companies and finance police, Milan judicial officials said.
"Many of these films have never before been broadcast in countries within Star TV's satellite footprint," the News Corp.
But Israel wanted Syria to agree on the principle of total normalization before the signing of a declaration of principles.
Additionally, Argentina's ambassador to the United States, Raul Granillo Ocampo, will testify August 1 before the US Congress on the attack in an effort to gain more US support for the investigation into the bombing.
Malik's 125-ball innings, including eight fours, helped Pakistan total 250 for six wickets before they declared at the tea interval.
Rwandan President Pasteur Bizimundu, a moderate politician from the Hutu majority, on Monday called on the United States to base its aid operation in Kigali, before leaving the Rwandan capital to discuss the refugee crisis with Zairean leader Mobutu Sese Seko.
The town's new centrist major Harry Grape denied being responsible for the hoax, telling the paper the procedure -- introduced by local Social Democrats in 1991 -- "was passed before my term in office."
The baby has to be nurtured a little before it can walk and run," a Canadian official commented.
The jet was to make its first flight to the region on Monday, transporting 40 to 50 tonnes of powdered milk, sugar and blankets to Bujumbura, capital of neighbouring Burundi before being taken to camps by the Caritas charity.
Rwandan President Pasteur Bizimundu, a moderate politician from the Hutu majority, on Monday called on the United States to base its aid operation in Kigali, before leaving the Rwandan capital to discuss the refugee crisis with Zairean leader Mobutu Sese Seko.
The national anthems of all three countries were played before each leader made a brief statement against a backdrop of their national flags.
Burge repeated that neither he nor the umpires found any evidence that the state of the ball had been altered on Saturday, when Atherton gave rise to suspicions of ball-tampering by dipping his hand into his pocket before polishing the ball.
Oil prices had dipped to as low as 13 dollars a barrel early this year before they recovered to around 17 dollars this month.
In the Fininvest case, central financing director Salvatore Sciascia appeared before anti-corruption judge Antonio Di Pietro to face charges of tax evasion connected to alleged collusion between leading companies and finance police.
But Israel wants a Syrian commitment to full peace with open borders before any withdrawal from the Golan.
This is the practice by dealers of buying or selling for their own account in the knowledge of, but before executing, orders for clients.
As soon as a member of the ring had knowledge that a client wanted to place a big order to buy stock which was likely to push up the price of the share involved, he informed the other members who bought beforehand to realise significant profits later.
Clinton, outlining details of the document on the South Lawn of the White House before the three leaders signed it, said that it aimed to end "generations of hostility, blood and tears."
The Scottish champions fielded a much weaker side than their regular first team and the game was played before only a handful of people.
 As this century draws to a close, a new era of peace opens before us in ancient lands as brave men choose reconciliation over conflict.
The US president, outlining details of the document at the signing ceremony, said "a new era of peace opens before us in ancient lands as brave men choose reconciliation over conflict."
He claimed the club had not backed down over Hagi's salary before adding: "I'm sure Cruyff will be asking me for another player."
Additionally, Argentina's ambassador to the United States, Raul Granillo Ocampo, will testify August 1 before the US Congress on the attack in an effort to gain more US support for the investigation.
The indictment, on July 18, the day before Tapie benefitted from European parliament immunity when he took up his mandate as a Euro-MP, says the cash-strapped businessman billed one of his companies for inflated "consultancy fees" on behalf of his Groupe-Bernard-Tapie (GBT) in 1992.
One portfolio manager said: "The stock market, which has been correcting excessive losses registered in recent months, should continue to test the 2,050 point in the next few weeks before rebounding on a lasting basis if there is no bad news."
Libya sheltered 1,040 Bosnian children for 18 months before they sailed home at the beginning of July.
In the Fininvest case, central financing director Salvatore Sciascia appeared before anti-corruption judge Antonio Di Pietro to face charges of tax evasion connected to alleged collusion between leading companies and finance police.
But Israel wants Syria to agree on the principle of total normalisation before any pull-out.
At the first hearing before trial Judge Lance Ito, the defense was seeking portions of blood samples police gathered at the murder scene of Simpson's former wife Nicole Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman.
But Wariebi Kojo Agamene, the outspoken president of the National Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG), one of the striking unions, told AFP just before he drove off the meeting had been a "complete failure".
He added that in future, the C-130 transport planes would fly in line astern over the drop zone, and not in triangle formation as before, an apparent admission that some of Sunday's supplies had been dropped off target.
Zairean troops broke up a press conference exiled Hutu premier Jean Kambanda was holding in Goma Monday, demanding that he seek permission from the Zairean authorities before talking to reporters, an AFP correspondent said.
The bill will go before the European Parliament for approval in a second reading in October.
Discussions on the US resolution should continue in the coming days between the members of the Security Council and the United States with the aim of adopting a resolution before the end of the week, Albright said.
The device was thrown into the building in the Catholic Lansdowne Road just before 11 p.m. (2200 GMT), police said.
"Ballots before strikes and for union elections, restrictions on mass and flying pickets -- those things are here to stay," he said.
In August 1944, Stalin, who wanted to eradicate the backbone of the Polish independence movement, halted the advance of the Red Army at the gates of Warsaw, giving the Nazis time to exact terrible vengeance on their opponents in the ghetto before razing the city to the ground.
The government has a 600 million Hong Kong dollars (77 million US) scheme to help former Special Branch members to leave the territory before 1997.
Rabin and Hussein will appear before both houses of Congress later Tuesday, before giving a joint press conference with Clinton.
Rwanda, Africa's most densely populated country before genocidal massacres started in April, is totally dependent on agricultural for its food, jobs and its economy.
He had also called the Syrian leader before announcing the first public summit between Rabin and King Hussein on July 15.
US officials were pleased to note that the Syrian president had also made a public commitment to go ahead in the peace process before the end of the year, as did Clinton and Rabin.
Israel wants a guaranteed peace before relinquishing all or part of the Golan Heights it occupied in 1967, while Syria refuses to make any move before Israel promises to return the entire strategic plateau.
Luyt said he had warned Le Roux about foul play before the team left on the New Zealand tour.
"Le Roux has been in a number of incidents before and I have had to speak to him on a number of occasions," he said.
Washington and Yzaga were extended to three sets, both dropping the first before settling down.
Other sources said Galeano may have talked to a group of Iranians arrested in Caracas before the expulsion last week of the Iranian ambassador and four diplomats the UNHCR suspects were involved in the kidnapping of a family of Iranian refugees from Cuba.
Additionally, Argentina's ambassador to the United States, Raul Granillo Ocampo, will testify August 1 before the US Congress on the attack in an effort to gain more US support for the investigation.
But Israel wants a Syrian commitment to full peace with open borders before any withdrawal from the Golan.
Van den Broeck said cholera was "endemic around Monrovia," and his agency "took precautions before the rainy season but our stocks have run out."
The federal court also decided Tuesday that shootings before 1976 could lead to criminal proceedings because they violated the UN Human Rights Charter of 1948.
Relief agencies estimate that the conflict has displaced some 3.9 million people, about half the size of the estimated population before the massacres, inside and outside the country.
Signs that the South is backing away from an early summit, which before Kim Il-Sung's death on July 8 had been scheduled for July 25-27, have been increasing over the past week.
Government officials have said that Seoul wants to wait until the leadership role of Kim Jong-Il, the late North Korean leader's eldest son and heir apparent, is clarified before agreeing to meet him.
Security forces told passers-by near the Central Bank of Nigeria and in adjoining streets to raise their arms in the air before they went about their business Tuesday, to ensure that they were not armed, witnesses said.
He was also due to appear before a tribunal after being accused of stopping during his victory lap to pick up a Union Jack flag.
Inexplicably, Ohn Gyaw left before a planned meeting with EU officials which would have been the highest-level talks since 1988, when Burma's military cracked down on the opposition and the EU suspended economic assistance.
Former England opener Geoff Boycott also believes Atherton should go "before his life is ruined".
"The goal is to have, before the end of August, a force capable of covering the (security) zone held by the French in Rwanda, to have a sufficient force available to hold the ground," the official said.
Shaath held intense 90-minute talks with Israeli delegation head General Danny Rothschild, then the rest of the Israeli team before his own delegation members joined him.
In a statement published Tuesday by the Greek arm of the organisation, it said the Sirius was first seized on July 10, before being returned to Greenpeace, and then seized again on July 20.
Ayala-Lasso was speaking to reporters before ending his visit which included meetings with Prince Ranariddh, acting head of parliament Loy Sim Chheang, and other senior officials.
Signs that the South is backing away from an early summit, which  before Kim Il-Sung's death on July 8 had been scheduled for July 25-27, have  been increasing over the past week.
Japan, US hope to hold more trade talks before Sunday deadline  WASHINGTON, July 26 (AFP)  The United States and Japan hope to meet again to try to resolve their dispute over government procurement before Sunday's deadline but no meeting has been finalised yet, officials said here Tuesday.
The two sides hope to hold another meeting before Sunday, but "I don't think it has been finally determined" when and where talks would be held, a US Trade Representative's office (USTR) spokeswoman said.
Knox was scheduled to appear Tuesday before an immigration adjudicator who would rule on whether he could be held in detention until a full deportation hearing next week.
With general elections due before March next year the government will be sorely tempted to keep on spending in an attempt to woo the voters back onside.
It was the first time two foreign heads of state had appeared together before a joint session of Congress and they were greeted with a lengthy standing ovation as they advanced to the podium, smiling broadly.
"There is no doubt in my mind that we face a wave of extreme Islamic radical terrorist movements in the Arab Moslem countries," Rabin said in a television interview Tuesday before his Congressional appearance.
Damascus wants Israeli withdrawal from all occupied Arab land, including the Golan Heights, but Israel wants a Syrian commitment to full peace with open borders before any withdrawal from the Golan.
During said the killings occurred in the years of political violence before all-race elections swept the ANC to power in April, and were probably ordered from a "high level."
It was the first time two foreign heads of state had appeared together before a joint session of Congress and they were greeted with a lengthy standing ovation as they advanced to the podium, smiling broadly.
"There is no doubt in my mind that we face a wave of extreme Islamic radical terrorist movements in the Arab Moslem countries," Rabin said in a television interview Tuesday before his Congressional appearance.
Ngarukiyinwali, a member of the National Republican Movement for Democracy, (MNRD) Rwanda's government before the country plunged into an ethnic bloodbath in April, said he was resigning in protest at the new government's "determination to exclude certain political forces from playing a part in shaping Rwanda's future".
US military sources said that Nix also went southwards to Bukavu, another Zairean town where aid operations have been centred, before returning to Entebbe in Uganda, where he was to dine with the chief of the UN Assistance Mission in Rwanda (UNAMIR), General Romeo Dallaire.
The United Nations estimates that from 15,000 to 20,000 troops fled before the advancing RPF, which seized capital Kigali early in July.
Only a trickle of the mainly Hutu refugees in Zaire have so far been prepared to overcome their fears of massacres by the Tutsis, who formed some 15 percent of the population of around eight million before the bloodshed broke out when president Juvenal Habyarimana was killed on April 6.
The House Banking Committee skirmished before testimony began over whether it would hear evidence on rumors that White House aide Vince Foster was murdered.
Rabin, Hussein address joint session of Congress by Sue Kendall  WASHINGTON, July 26 (AFP)  Jordan's King Hussein and Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin reaffirmed their commitment to peace in an unprecedented appearance before a joint session of Congress here Tuesday, a day after signing an historic document ending 46 years of hostilities between their countries.
It was the first time two foreign heads of state had appeared together before a joint session of Congress and they were greeted with a lengthy standing ovation as they advanced to the podium, smiling broadly.
"There is no doubt in my mind that we face a wave of extreme Islamic radical terrorist movements in the Arab Moslem countries," Rabin said in a television interview Tuesday before his Congressional appearance.
Argentina's ambassador to the United States, Raul Granillo Ocampo, will testify August 1 before the US Congress on the attack in an effort to gain more US support for the investigation.
BAT rose by 11 pence to 443 and Reuters by 15 to 480 before publishing results later in the week.
"We have had England captains pushed too far by the media before.
Former England opener Boycott also believes Atherton should go "before his life is ruined".
Yen rises strongly as US-Japan trade deadline approaches, lira falls  LONDON, July 26 (AFP)  The yen rose strongly Tuesday two days before the United States and Japan are to resume negotiations to increase access to the Japanese market for technical equipment.
Under current Estonian law, Russians can obtain permanent residence only if they were born before 1930, retired from the army before August 20, 1991, have a spouse or children holding Estonian residency and whose presence in Estonia is deemed "necessary" by the government.
But he had more trouble with the name of the monarch of the Hashemite kingdom, getting as far as "The king of" and breaking off several times before finally managing to get out the phrase "the king of ...
Damascus wants Israeli withdrawal from all occupied Arab land, including the Golan Heights, but Israel wants a Syrian commitment to full peace with open borders before any return of the Golan to Syria.
The real damage was done by former England seam bowler Gladstone Small, who ripped out Somerset openers Marcus Trescothick and Mark Lathwell before limping away with a groin injury.
He said the woman left a grey Audi with false license plates in a car park next to the embassy minutes before the bomb exploded.
Tucker said the woman left a grey Audi with false license plates in a car park next to the embassy minutes before the bomb exploded.
Kigali airport, which was heavily shelled just after the plane carrying former president Juvenal Habyarimana crashed before landing, would have to be refurbished if it was to be made the hub of humanitarian operations.
But police lost track of the group before they arrived at the former Nazi camp near the town of Weimar, 200 kilometers (120 miles) southwest of Berlin.
The ban was imposed shortly before Adams had been due to visit Britain, at the invitation of Labour MP Tony Benn, to discuss the situation in Northern Ireland with parliamentarians.
But Beirut would not sign a peace treaty with Israel before Syria, a major power-broker in Lebanon.
Kigali airport, which was heavily shelled just after the plane carrying former president Juvenal Habyarimana crashed before landing, would have to be refurbished if it was to be made the hub of humanitarian operations.
Kigali airport, which was heavily shelled just after the plane carrying former president Juvenal Habyarimana crashed before landing, would have to be refurbished if it was to be made the hub of humanitarian operations.
Jackson is expected to hold a news conference in Lagos before returning home, the presidency source said.
Earlier in the day the Israeli and Jordanian leaders reaffirmed their commitment to peace in an unprecedented appearance before a joint session of Congress which was frequently punctuated by applause and several standing ovations.
US fans might walk out before players  CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 26 (AFP)  North American baseball supporters are organizing a walkout of their own to protest the strike threatened by major league players.
"Strike 3, The Fans Are Out" of New York had started plans to boycott games on August 5 before switching dates for a unified effort.
Bosnian prime minister Haris Silajdzic called the Serb decision "a sabotage of the peace-process just before the Geneva meeting (of the contact group ministers)".
Argentina's ambassador to the United States, Raul Granillo Ocampo, will testify August 1 before a US congressional panel on the attack in an effort to gain more US support for the investigation.
The blast is reported to have taken place shortly before 1:00 am (0000 GMT).
Police said they could not confirm details but were investigating the blast in High Road, north Finchley, north London, shortly before 1:00 am (0000 GMT).
Tucker said the woman left a grey Audi with false license plates in a car park next to the embassy minutes before the bomb exploded.
Police said they could not confirm details but were investigating the blast in High Road, north Finchley, north London, shortly before 1:00 am (0000 GMT).
Tucker said the woman left a grey Audi with false license plates in a car park next to the embassy minutes before the bomb exploded.
Tucker said the woman left a grey Audi with false license plates in a car park next to the embassy minutes before the bomb exploded.
The defense minister launched his sharp attack on the United States during a speech before several thousand spectators and in the presence of President Castro, who watched on without commenting.
The LRA rebels, led by former Roman Catholic catechist Joseph Kony, are remnants of the Holy Spirit Battalion of voodoo priestess Alice Lakwena, who fled to Kenya in December 1987 after her forces collapsed before an NRA military onslaught.
Jo Myong-Chul, who had taught the economics at Kim Il-Sung University in the North, was studying at a university in Tianjin, China, before he took asylum in the South this month.
Tucker said the woman left a grey Audi with false license plates in a car parked next to the embassy minutes before the bomb exploded.
Tucker said the woman left a grey Audi with false license plates in a car parked next to the embassy minutes before the bomb exploded.
The Indonesian air force Turbo T-34C plane was seen on fire shortly before it crashed on a small roadside restaurant near the temple on Tuesday, witnesses said.
    Similarly in 7th para please read it X X X    In August 1944, Stalin, who  wanted to eradicate the backbone of the Polish independence movement, halted  the advance of the Red Army at the gates of Warsaw, giving the Nazis time to  exact terrible vengeance before razing the city to the ground.
Charlotte's Alonzo Mourning and Larry Johnson, playing before a home- court crowd, had different results.
Both titles were held by Kim Il-Sung before his death July 8, but there has been no sign to date that they have been officially conferred on his eldest son and heir-apparent.
"We are going to show our bottom line" at the Geneva talks, which begin Friday, Miao said, citing Beijing's demands that it be readmitted to the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) before year's end and be accorded "developing country" status.
Kim Il-Sung held both titles before his death July 8, but there has been no sign to date that they have been officially confered on his son.
"North Korea is now seeking to produce five more this year before it declares the possession of nuclear weapons," Kang said.
The detention request must be approved by the judge who handles preliminary investigations before any move can be made against the premier's younger brother.
The lioness first lunged at Flores' neck, then, as he lay unconciouss, it clawed him in the arm and chest before helpers wielding whips and chairs forced the animal back into its cage.
"We are going to show our bottom line" at the Geneva talks which begin Friday, Miao told reporters, citing Beijing's demands it be readmitted to the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) before year's end and be accorded "developing country" status.
Miao's insistence on early GATT readmission appeared to contradict MOFTEC officials, who said last week before leaving to attend the Geneva working party talks that the re-entry date could be postponed until next July.
China, which was a founding member of GATT but withdrew after the communists came to power in 1949, has made clear it attaches great political significance to being readmitted before January 1, when GATT will be replaced by the World Trade Organisation (WTO).
"North Korea is now seeking to produce five more this year before it declares the possession of nuclear weapons," Kang said.
But just before halftime Wilson put one over to give Otago a halftime 10-5 lead.
Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev warned hours before the Yeltsin-Meri talks began that Estonia should "not rely too much" on Western support as a bargaining chip in the talks.
Speaking at a news conference here, Ouellet said he would await the outcome of a foreign policy review before deciding how much Ottawa would allocate for official development assistance (ODA) now totalling 2.1 billion Canadian dollars (2.9 billion US) annually.
Ouellet said that he had invited the ASEAN foreign ministers to a meeting in Canada before Ottawa hosts the next meeting of the Group of Seven industrial nations.
Ng wants to sell the licence plate before he emigrates to the United States and before Hong Kong reverts to Chinese rule in 1997.
Boutros-Ghali believed "that they should have before them a refresher of what is his own thinking regarding the UN involvement," De Soto said.
"North Korea is now seeking to produce five more this year before it declares the possession of nuclear weapons," Kang said, adding that the North was also developing long-range missiles.
Yields fell to 5.89 percent on 180-day bills from 6.07 percent shortly before the inflation data, while 10-year bond yields rallied six points to 9.48 percent.
Janakantha newspaper said that before Tuesday's rally, security officials had discussed whether to ban public gatherings but decided not to, even though six police were injured Monday during clashes with students.
Officials Wednesday refused to comment on the report or on the case of the police officers, who have threatened to make further disclosures in retaliation for being left out of a government scheme which provides passports and resettlement in Britain before 1997 for people in sensitive jobs.
He indicated that the committee would also have the task of nominating an interim president to replace Rabbani before the ballot.
David Tucker, commander of Scotland Yard's Anti-Terrorist Squad, said security had been tight around the embassy before the bombing.
Damascus wants an Israeli withdrawal from all occupied Arab land, including the Golan Heights, but Israel wants a Syrian commitment to full peace with open borders before any return of the Golan to Syria.
"North Korea is now seeking to produce five more this year before it declares the possession of nuclear weapons," he said, adding that the North was also developing long-range missiles.
Instead, they find themselves in the same jobs, earning the same wages and being discriminated against to the same extent as they were before the election.
The yen was firm before the expiry on Saturday of a deadline set by the United States for an agreement giving greater access to Japanese markets for technological equipment.
Speaking at a news conference here, Ouellet said he would await the outcome of the review before deciding how much Ottawa would allocate for Official Development Assistance (ODA) now totalling 2.1 billion Canadian dollars (2.9 billion US) annually.
Ouellet said that he had invited the ASEAN foreign ministers to a meeting in Canada before Ottawa hosts the next meeting of the Group of Seven industrial nations.
Instead, they find themselves in the same jobs, earning the same wages and being discriminated against to the same extent as they were before the election.
The reference was the first time both titles held by Kim Il-Sung before his death July 8 had been used to describe his son, southern monitors said.
The soldiers would help: - "stop the dying", - "in moving the refugees back to Rwanda", - "stabilise the situation so the refugees stay" in the country, - work in close cooperation with the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) before handing "control back to UNHCR).
The other two Saar 5 boats are due for delivery before the end of next year.
Concrete evidence is required before action can be taken, Zhang stressed, while calling on US firms to follow set legal procedures if they believe their copyrights have been violated.
He said the goverment was not interested in detaining any citizen, including Abiola, but indicated that before the junta could release the Moslem millionaire, prominent Nigerians who have sought to resolve the dispute would have to obtain guarantees from him.
He said the regime was "ever ready to consider such appeals", but added that it was yet "waiting for definite assurances (from the affected detainees) before further action can be taken on these appeals".
Senior party and government officials, soldiers, workers and students laid wreaths before the statue of the Kim Il-Sung in Pyongyang Wednesday to mark the anniversary, KCNA said.
The parliament select committee will deliberate on the bill and amend it over the next few months while considering the public's views before it is sent back to the House for the third and final reading.
Thai government puts mass transit project on hold  BANGKOK, July 27 (AFP)  The Thai government put a Bangkok mass transit project on hold the day before construction was to begin because the contractor submitted a traffic management plan too late, a government spokesman said Wednesday.
Abhisit said the government's Land Traffic Management Committee decided last April that companies must submit a traffic control plan 60 days before starting work on any project that would affect traffic in the heavily congested capital, and Tanayong had done so only last week.
US, Japan to hold trade talks Thursday  WASHINGTON, July 27 (AFP)  US and Japanese trade negotiators are due to meet here Thursday to try to resolve a dispute over government procurement before Sunday's deadline for a US decision on sanctions, a US official said Wednesday.
The German company Siemens started building the power station, the first in Iran, before the revolution which toppled the pro-Western shah.
"North Korea is now  seeking to produce five more this year before it declares the possession of  nuclear weapons," Kang said.
Peter Hansen, the UN under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs, told journalists before leaving Kigali after a visit Wednesday that Britain had on Tuesday promised 250 engineering personnel and trucks, and Australia 250 medical staff.
Evans asks ASEAN to get concessions from Burma  BANGKOK, July 27 (AFP)  Australian Foreign Minister Gareth Evans Wednesday urged ASEAN to seek political concessions from Burma before granting any additional recognition to the junta in Rangoon.
The US arrest warrant out for Knox claims he fled his native Chicago before being jailed for an embezzlement conviction.
"When we have studied the full text of the decision, we shall consider whether to challenge it before the European court of justice."
"North Korea is now seeking to produce five more this year before it declares the possession of nuclear weapons," Kang said, adding that the North was also producing long-range missiles.
Han, speaking at a news conference here, said Seoul was holding North Korea "to the spirit and principle" of the agreement for North-South talks, reached with Pyongyang before the death of North Korean leader Kim Il-Sung.
The guerrillas then boarded the train and robbed passengers of their belongings, before marching more than 200 passengers -- including three foreigners -- off into the nearby jungle around Phnom Voar, he said.
For the first three quarters Disney posted a net profit increase of 18 percent at 884.5 million dollars (1.62 dollars per share) against 749 million dollars (before provisions for accounting modifications) during the same period last year.
Describing the decision regarding Air France as "deplorable," he said: "When we have studied the full text of the decision, we shall consider whether to challenge it before the European court of justice."
In Belgrade Russian Defence Minister Pavel Grachev told the Tanjug agency that results of talks between Karadzic and Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic over the partition plan would be known before Saturday.
Police said they were seeking an elegantly dressed middle-aged woman who drove the grey Audi sedan into the compound, parked it right outside the embassy building and walked away into a crowd of tourists and shoppers minutes before it exploded.
The guerrillas then boarded the train and robbed passengers of their belongings, before marching more than 200 passengers -- including three foreigners -- off into the nearby jungle around Phnom Voar, he said.
In Stuttgart, Joulwan said the US mission was to help stop the deaths, move refugees back to Rwanda, bring about stability to encourage them to stay and work in close cooperation with the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) before handing control back to the UN body.
Peter Hansen, the UN under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs, told journalists before leaving Kigali Wednesday that Britain had on Tuesday promised 250 engineering personnel and trucks, and Australia 250 medical staff.
The park has been beset by problems since it was opened on April 12, 1992 and came close to collapse at the beginning of this year before a major recapitalisation and restructuring.
Other analysts have noted that despite the arrival of Saudi Arabian investor Prince Al Walid Ben Talal Ben Abdulaziz who has agreed to acquire 13-24 percent of part of the capital structure, the company has a debt-equity ratio of 250 percent even after a rights issue of six billion francs and does not expect to  make a profit before 1996.
Deputy prime minister Murat Karayalcin, who heads the SHP, announced the reshuffle of all 11 SHP-held portfolios Saturday, but Cetin and Otkay insisted on remaining in office until Wednesday to protest against his failure to inform them of the shake-up before he told the prime minister, their aides said.
Rabin took every opportunity to appeal for economic aid for Jordan during White House receptions, at the State Department and before Congress, Jordanian delegation members said.
"The cancellation of 30 percent of this debt will be announced in a week, the rest -- spread out over two years -- will be decided before the end of August," the senior Jordanian official said.
Robson is now awaiting a work permit from the British government before Moreno, rated at 500,000 pounds by his Bolivian club, FC Blooming, can play any more matches.
He had held back to talk to his lawyer before finally agreeing the loan deal.
Police said they were seeking an elegantly dressed middle-aged woman who drove the grey Audi sedan into the compound, parked it right outside the embassy building and walked away into a crowd of tourists and shoppers minutes before it exploded.
After 28 overs the Welshmen were 61 for five, and a large home crowd had resigned themselves to defeat long before their team was bowled out for 161 with 4.2 overs left.
In reply, Stewart and Darren Bicknell took 17 overs to put on 23 before Bicknell was bowled behind his legs.
Officials said they were waiting for the results of the investigation into the bombing before apportioning blame, but the Iranian ambassador here has been summoned by the foreign minister twice in the past 24 hours to discuss the allegations.
A further 34 AWB members are awaiting trial for a series of bomb blasts that killed 21 people in the three days before South Africa's historic all-race election in April.
The tourists reached a commanding 327-6 in record time on the opening day of the three-day match, before declaring.
The yen was firm before the expiry on Saturday of a deadline set by the United States for an agreement giving greater access to Japanese markets for technological equipment.
British Airways lost three pence to 426 after the European Commission said that Air France could receive state rescue aid of 20 billion francs (3.75 billion dollars) and ICI shed seven pence to 833 before the expected publication of six-month results.
Kang added, "North Korea is now seeking to produce five more this year before it declares the possession of nuclear weapons."
Lanxade was due to visit French corpse-clearing teams Thursday in refugee camps inside Goma, before leaving by helicopter for Rwanda itself to assess the French mission in central and southern regions.
Damascus wants an Israeli withdrawal from all occupied Arab land, including the Golan Heights, but Israel wants a Syrian commitment to full peace with open borders before any return of the Golan to Syria.
Officials said they were waiting for the results of the investigation before laying blame, but the Iranian ambassador here has been summoned by the foreign minister twice in the past 24 hours to discuss the allegations.
Balladur's tour will take him to the Ivory Coast and Gabon before he gets a chance to see the Rwandan refugees Saturday.
He said the government was not interested in detaining any citizen, including Abiola, but indicated that before the junta could release the Moslem millionaire, prominent Nigerians who have sought to resolve the dispute would have to obtain guarantees from him.
Denouncing the massacres in Rwanda as "genocide", which had to be punished by bringing the perpetrators before an international court, Atwood said it was necessary "to put the blame where the blame lies."
In the absence of a compromise before Monday on the issue, Kantor will give President Bill Clinton a list of recommendations on sanctions on wheat imported from Canada, the official said.
Nevertheless, the official expressed optimism than an agreement could be reached before Monday.
"The freanic reactions of various Israeli officials in blaming others including Iran, without a shred of evidence, before any investigation could even commence are quite suspicious," Kharrazi said in the letter.
The paper estimated he laid out between 10 and 13 million dollars, raking in about nine million dollars in small wins before hitting the jackpot.
The government has announced the abolition of its much-criticized, more than four decades old tobacco and wine monopoly system, before the end of June 1995.
The ministry said production, as measured by its index of mining and manufacturing, was expected to mixed in the following months, falling three percent in July before recovering 0.3 percent in August.
It said the secret trial of the "Beijing 15" which began this month had been twice postponed -- once after its schedule became known in September 1993, and again in April, just before Clinton's annoucement.
It was served the day before Tapie, a deputy for Marseille in the National Assembly, took up his new mandate as a Euro-MP and thus began to benefit from European parliament immunity from prosecution.
The ministry also said that production, as measured by its index of mining and manufacturing, was expected to be mixed in the following months, falling three percent in July before recovering 0.3 percent in August.
"Clearly, the fact that they have withdrawn from the agreement over the freeodm of movement across the airport has put Sarajevo back in the position it was before the ceasefire of Feburary 10," Rose said.
It was served the day before Tapie, a deputy for Marseille in the National Assembly, took up his new mandate as a Euro-MP and thus began to benefit from European parliament immunity from prosecution.
He won his first set 7-6 against Amos Mansdorf of Israel then lost the second 6-3 before retiring.
One of the lawyers, Vittorio Virga, said Paolo Berlusconi was ready to go before the judge.
"In Argentina it was so good to see that I was absolutely on the pace with them and I am just as hungry and just as fast as before."
The event starts in Manukau, south of here, and stretches across the North Island to Gisborne on the east coast before returning to an Auckland finish Sunday.
The Age's cricket writer, Peter McFarline, alleged in the article that Bedi used to rub dirt on the ball before bowling.
Witnesses said the demonstrators included sympathisers, political associates and pro-democracy groups, notably members of the opposition National Democratic Coalition (NADECO) who gathered in Abuja before the trial was scheduled to open on Thursday morning.
Jackson, a special envoy of US President Bill Clinton, was scheduled to hold a press conference here Thursday before leaving the country.
Abiola is at the centre of the current strike by oil workers who are demanding his unconditional release and installation as president before they can call off their industrial action underway since July 4.
Union sources said they were awaiting the outcome of Abiola's court appearance before deciding their next move.
Even before the crisis MMM and its glitzy advertising campaign had been the target of bitter attacks from opponents across the political spectrum.
Brian Atwood, head of the US Agency for International Development, denounced the Rwandan bloodshed as "genocide," whose perpetrators must be punished before an international court.
The dollar fell against the mark before the publication on Friday of figures for the growth of US goss domestic product in the second quarter.
The market appeared to be calm three days before the expiry on Saturday of a deadline set by the United States for agreement for an improvement in acess to the Jpaanese market for technological equipment.
Marshall said BA lawyers would sift through the commission's "far too lenient" decision to see if there was scope for a challenge before the European Court of Justice.
Paolo Berlusconi to appear before judge Thursday: lawyer  ROME, July 28 (AFP)  Paolo Berlusconi, the Italian prime minister's brother who was still at large early Thursday despire a warrant for his arrest on corruption charges, will appear before a magistrate during the day, one of his lawyers said.
German businessman Joachim Schoenfeld, whose great uncle, a wine trader, regularly travelled to Georgia before the revolution to buy Georgian wine for discerning customers back in Bremen, opened an office for the German international forwarding company Militzer and Muench in Tbilisi last March.
"We must fight corruption and cheating before it happens.
Tawfiq, appointed head of the National Palestinian Drama troupe by Arafat in 1991, said before autonomy he had confrontations with Israeli censors over his plays attacking Israeli border measures in "The Checkpoint", and the occupiers' attempts to recruits agents in "Patience".
Sir Colin said BA lawyers would sift through the commission's "far too lenient" decision to see if there was scope for a challenge before the European Court of Justice.
Belgium sends diplomat to Kigali ahead of naming new envoy  KIGALI, July 28 (AFP)  A veteran Belgian diplomat arrived here Thursday to assess the situation in Rwanda before Brussels names a new ambassador to its former colony.
The tornado, spawned from a massive rain storm that swept up the east coast, flattened 15 homes and badly damaged 15 others in the suburb of Limerick just before midnight Wednesday.
Witnesses said  the demonstrators included sympathisers, political associates and members of  the opposition National Democratic Coalition who gathered in Abuja before the  trial was scheduled to open on Thursday morning.
The group consisting mainly of women, children and elderly men, had all their belongings taken from them before they left, said Jones.
The assimilation of the guerrillas, some 27,000 from the ANC and 6,000 from the PAC, started just before the April all-race election that ended white rule and is expected to be completed by 1995, Venter said.
Ranatunga, a left-hander, was twice hit by deliveries from Akram -- he left the field for treatment after scoring 52 and was felled again just before the close.
A western diplomat blamed authorities for "proceeding in a manner as deplorable as two years ago despite all efforts made to try and introduce change and above all to make sure the camps are prepared before people are taken there."
The decline in capital spending by manufacturers is expected to slow from nine percent in the June quarter to seven percent in the September quarter before accelerating to 9.9 percent in the December quarter.
The agency added that the fall in spending by non-manufacturers was expected to jump from 1.7 percent in the June quarter to 6.4 percent in the current quarter before slowing to 0.9 percent in the three months to December.
Disease-ridden camps around the Zairean border town are packed with an estimated 1.2 million weak and hungry refugees, whom the international community and overstretched aid agencies are desperate to see return home before the death toll there reaches catastrophic proportions.
They were not checked for cholera before entering Kigali, raising fears that they might bring the disease currently raging in the Goma camps into the capital.
British Airways (BA) chairman Sir Colin Marshall said that BA lawyers would sift through the commission's "far too lenient" decision to see if there was scope for a challenge before the European court of justice.
It was served the day before Tapie, a deputy for Marseille in the National Assembly, took up his new mandate as a Euro-MP and thus began to benefit from European parliament immunity from prosecution.
Canadian court clears way for ice hockey pros to get their pensions  OTTAWA, July 28 (AFP)  Canada's Supreme Court on Monday ordered the National Hockey League to repay millions of dollars to the pension funds of players who retired before 1982 -- and to stop arguing about it.
The league must now repay this money to players who retired before 1982.
Canadian court clears way for old ice hockey pros to get their pensions  OTTAWA, July 28 (AFP)  Canada's Supreme Court on Monday ordered the National Hockey League to repay millions of dollars to the pension funds of players who retired before 1982 -- and to stop arguing about it.
The league must now repay this money to players who retired before 1982.
On Saturday he will meet businessmen in Paphos on the west coast before leaving for Israel late in the evening.
They flew the helicopter with some of the hostages aboard to the tiny, strife-torn republic of Chechnya, abandoned the aircraft and tried to escape before being captured.
The bill, whose final version must be submitted to both houses before being sent to Clinton's desk, includes 10.7 billion dollars to boost the number of state and local law enforcement officers by 100,000 or some 20 percent.
US human rights campaigner Jesse Jackson, who delivered a message from US President Bill Clinton to General Sani Abacha early Thursday expressing concern about the political crisis, also met Abiola before the trial opened.
Jackson was scheduled to address a news conference Thursday in Lagos before departing.
"It would be tragic if we do not have the troops to put in before the French withdraw," he told a news conference.
Annan said the departure of French troops before the UN troops could replace them would create a climate of insecurity in Rwanda "and we may see additional movement of 800,000 to a million people going into Zaire."
Jones is going back to the United States to raise funds having spent 200,000 dollars already this year, but will return before the end of the summer.
The BAA company which manages airports fell by nine to 973 before the publication of quarterly results and Lloyds Bank, which was to announce half-time results, fell by 12 to 562 pence.
ICI chemicals, which had announced interim results before tax anmd after exceptional items, of 240 million pounds (369 million dollars) in line with forecasts by analysts, rose by four to 837.
The dollar rose to 1.5810 marks from 1.5765 on Wednesday and to 99.10 yen from 98.15 the day before the publication of figures for growth of US gross domestic product in the second quarter.
Jordan will have no advanced US aircraft before peace treaty: Christopher  WASHINGTON, July 28 (AFP)  The United States will not provide Jordan with advanced fighter aircraft before a "full peace treaty" is signed with Israel, Secretary of State Warren Christopher said Thursday.
Christopher also said while testifying before the House Foreign Affairs Committee that annulling Jordan's nearly 700 million dollar debt to the United States was also subject to the signing of a peace treaty.
Early Thursday Virga said that the issue would be settled and that Paolo Berlusconi would appear before a magistrate later in the day.
The Yemeni government was represented by Planning Minister Abdelkarim al-Iryani, while the southern side was represented by Haidar Abu Bakr al-Attas, who headed the Aden government before the northerners' military victory.
The diplomats had said Iryani was to brief Brahimi on the Sanaa government's conditions for the resumption of dialogue, before leaving without meeting the southern delegation.
The circuit also has had some safety modifications, notably altering the last chicane before entry to the stadium section.
Piggott, who had been riding Coffee and Cream in the Ralph Hubbard Nursery Handicap, regained consciousness before arriving at St Richard's Hospital, Chichester, and was not thought to be seriously injured.
Damascus wants an Israeli withdrawal from all occupied Arab land, including the Golan Heights seized in 1967, but Israel wants a Syrian commitment to full peace with open borders before any return of the Golan to Syria.
China wanted in particular to be allowed special dispensations on its balance of payments before it agreed to rejoin, he said.
I certainly have not experienced anything like it before," Mansell said.
Players set walkout date of August 12  NEW YORK, July 28 (AFP)  The Major League Baseball Players Association executive board set August 12 as a strike date, leaving just two weeks before they begin the sport's eighth work stoppage since 1972.
"It would be tragic if we do not have the troops to put in before the French withdraw," he told a news conference.
Annan said the departure of French troops before the UN troops could replace them would create a climate of insecurity in Rwanda "and we may see additional movement of 800,000 to a million people going into Zaire."
He also met Abiola before the trial opened and was scheduled to address a news conference Thursday in Lagos before departing.
Damascus wants an Israeli withdrawal from all occupied Arab land, including the Golan Heights seized in 1967, but Israel wants a Syrian commitment to full peace with open borders before any return of the Golan to Syria.
Sanaa was represented by Planning Minister Abdelkarim al-Iryani, while the southern side was represented by Haidar Abu Bakr al-Attas, who headed the Aden government before the northerners' military victory.
The West Indian world number one batsman reached a century before lunch against Derbyshire at Chesterfield, on a green pitch in conditions in which no other batsmen reached 50.
Russia said last month the troops could not be pulled out before 1998 and any withdrawal would hinge on the fate of ethnic Russians in Moldova.
Agassi, after dropping the first set, breezed through the second, but needed to win the tense tie-breaker before overcoming his formidable opponent.
The news that the investigation was under way broke shortly before Prime Minister John Major announced his cabinet reshuffle earlier this month.
Sanaa was represented by Planning Minister Abdelkarim al-Iryani, while the southern side was represented by Haidar Abu Bakr al-Attas, who headed the Aden government before the northerners' military victory.
Yemeni diplomats had said Iryani was to brief Brahimi on the Sanaa government's conditions for the resumption of dialogue, before leaving without meeting the southern delegation.
The group would then be expected to approve the plan before it was submitted to the UN Security Council later in the day, dipolmats said.
Mass demonstrations of peasants and sit-ins in front of voting stations are planned before the August 21 vote to choose a president, legislature and local officials, according to the report.
Jackson also held a two-hour meeting with Abiola in jail before the politician was taken to court for his treason trial.
Volume was low with traders staying on the sidelines before the release Friday of second quarter figures on gross domestic product, which analysts expected to show an annualized 3.6 percent growth, up from 3.4 percent in the first quarter.
It will be based in Geneva and should report on its findings before November 30.
The Mariners would need to sweep American League West rivals Texas and California to close a gap before August 12, the date union officials named Thursday when they will go on strike unless a settlement is reached with owners.
The Kingdome has been closed since July 19, when four tiles crashed down into the stands from the ceiling hours before a scheduled game against Baltimore.
Barshefsky warned shortly before her dinner meeting with Japanese Deputy Foreign Minister Sadayuki Hayashi that Washington would not grant a further postponement for the decision on whether to impose sanctions.
Czechoslovakian-born Ruzena Stanley, 75, escaped from Prague after the German occupation and fled to Palestine before coming to Britain at the end of the Second World War.
She had swallowed painkilling tablets before placing a plastic bag over her head.
The US team had won 13 in a row before that streak began.
A first tranche of 193 million dollars will be canceled before the end of August and tranches of 250 million dollars each will be canceled in 1995 and 1996, Jordanian officials said.
The magistrate said he would first have to interview Berlusconi before deciding whether he should be held pending further inquiries, judicial officials said.
They were reported to have stoned the offices before torching the building with petrol bombs after overpowering two police guards.
Two thieves broke into the gallery shortly after it closed at 10:00 p.m. (2000 GMT) and hid themselves before overpowering the night watchman, a police spokesman said.
The pair handcuffed the watchman and covered his head with a hood before locking him in an adjoining room and making off with the paintings, worth millions of dollars.
Profits before tax were up at 111 million pounds, compared to 100 million for the same period last year.
The line will start in Nushki in Pakistani Baluchistan and pass through Afghanistan's Farah and Herat regions before ending in Kushka in the Central Asian republic of Turkmenistan, he said.
Her family and the surviving women are suing the doctor, who is also scheduled to appear before the New South Wales Medical Tribunal in September.
His appointment follows a string of setbacks for the SOCOG including the decision of one candidate six weeks ago to pull out the day before his appointment was to be announced.
Police said three mortars were fired just before 9.00 a.m. (0800 GMT).
While Otago beat a middling Springbok side, Canterbury have drawn very close to the probable test side in the final Saturday match before the third test against the All Blacks.
Firecrackers went off, eggs flew and group fights erupted among assembly members until the debate wound up before dawn, with 220 members, mostly from the ruling Kuomintang (KMT), voting to pass the amendments.
KMT secretary general Hsu Shui-teh, who reconciled conflicting views of party members before the final vote, said "the reform program on presidential election was finally achieved smothly."
They noted that the NSPA had held the defector under custody for two months before it produced him on Wednesday at a press conference, as Pyongyang and Washington were getting ready to resume talks in Geneva on August 5.
But Washington wants to resolve the nuclear issue before the end of August, when the controversial nuclear fuel rods North Korea had extracted from a five-megawatt reactor in Yongbyon will be cool enough to be reprocessed into weapons-grade plutonium, the analysts said.
Extracts from the files, published in four local newspapers Friday, draw the veil on South Africa's security war against the ANC before the organisation was unbanned after 30 years in 1990.
She scored a five-under-par 67 after a three-hour rain delay before teeing off.
She took seven months off before her second daughter, Cori, was born last March 25.
Police said three mortars were fired just before 9.00 a.m. (0800 GMT).
Paolo Berlusconi turns himself in before premier's Fininvest presser by Jean-Louis de la Vaissiere  ROME, July 29 (AFP)  The fugitive brother of embattled Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi turned himself over to corruption probe magistrates Friday as the media magnate prepared to announce plans to separate his business interests from his job as premier.
However, Di Pietro said he would first have to interview Berlusconi before deciding whether he should be held pending further inquiries, judicial officials said.
He also said he was preparing a bill to put before the government and then parliament.
Two thieves broke into the gallery shortly after it closed at 10:00 p.m. (2000 GMT) and hid themselves before overpowering the night watchman, a police spokesman said.
The pair handcuffed the watchman and covered his head with a hood before locking him in an adjoining room and making off with the paintings, worth millions of dollars.
He also said he was preparing a bill to put before the government and then parliament.
US Ambassador before the United Nations, Madeleine Albright, is expected to sign the set of amendments on Friday, and the US Senate is scheduled to vote on the treaty later on this year, The Washington Post said Friday.
They noted that the NSPA had held the defector in custody for two months before it produced him on Wednesday at a press conference, as Pyongyang and Washington were getting ready to resume talks in Geneva on August 5.
But during a four-day attempt to escape Russian authorities, the kidnappers tossed some two million dollars of their ransom money from their helicopter out over Chechnya before being caught.
They flew their helicopter to Chechnya, abandoned the aircraft and tried to escape before being caught.
On Saturday Peres will meet businessmen in Paphos on the west coast before leaving for Israel late in the evening.
The British Airports Authority, which announced an 11 percent increase in before tax profit for the first quarter ending in June, lost 5 pence at 968.
Lloyds Bank, which announced before tax profits of 605 million pounds, up 21.5 percent on last year, lost seven pence at 555, reflecting the market's disappointment with the performance.
"It would be tragic if we do not have the troops to put in before the French withdraw," he told a news conference.
Annan said the departure of French troops before the UN troops could replace them would create a climate of insecurity in Rwanda "and we may see additional movement of 800,000 to a million people going into Zaire."
Firecrackers went off, eggs flew and fights erupted among assembly members before the debate wound up before dawn, with some 220 members, mostly from the ruling Kuomintang (KMT), voting in favor.
"But we see a bigger crisis after the consitutional amendment than before," he said, citing the opposition's refusal to accept the vote By approving direct election of the president and vice president, the members slashed one of the main functions of the assembly, whose other role is to amend the constitution.
Police said three mortars were fired just before 9.00 a.m. (0800 GMT).
The premier said he would "freeze his interests" in Fininvest and separate himself from them, and a bill was being prepared to go before the government and then parliament at the end of August of beginning of September.
Fleiss reported income of 33,000 dollars for 1992, the indictment says, before accusing her of concealing the rest by making substantial cash payments for goods, services and gambling debts.
"It has happened four times before (in the same area) but this time it was big news because foreigners were involved," he said.
A third painting by German artist Caspar David Friedrich was also stolen by thieves who hid in the gallery before it closed.
Two thieves entered the gallery shortly before it closed at 10:00 p.m. (2000 GMT) and hid themselves before overpowering the night watchman, said Karlheinz Gemmer, the Frankfurt police chief.
The pair handcuffed the watchman and covered his head with a hood before locking him in an adjoining room and making off with the paintings.
Klinsmann began his career with Stuttgarter Kickers and also played for Stuttgart before moving to Italy to join Inter Milan, where in 1991 he won UEFA Cup winner's medal.
Sadako Ogata, the head of UNHCR, is scheduled to visit the Goma region on Sunday and Monday before going to Kigali, Wilkinson said.
President Lee Teng-hui welcomed the reforms, which stripped the  assembly of the power to name the head of state as an electoral college, but  Firecrackers went off, eggs flew and fights erupted among assembly members  before the debate wound up before dawn mostly from the ruling Kuomintang  (KMT), voting in favor.
UNITA spokesman Jorge Valentim told journalists before the talks resumed that in Huambo the movement's political commission, presided over by rebel leader Jonas Savimbi, met to analyse the "evolution of the peace negotiations in Lusaka as well as the political-military situation inside Angola."
But there is then a 60-day consultation period, during which the two sides could continue talks, before sanctions are finally announced -- and even then they would not take effect for a year.
Balladur was due to meet Ivorian Prime Minister Daniel Kablan Duncan Friday afternoon, before reaching Gabon's Libreville in the evening.
Bahaa al-Din told the daily Al-Akhbar that under the controversial "school dress code decree" issued in May, girls had to have permission from their parents before wearing the veil.
Less than two weeks before, Roland Ratzenberger and Ayrton Senna died at the San Marino grand prix.
Police said three mortars were fired from the back of a truck parked a few hundred metres (yards) from the police station just before 9.00 a.m. (0800 GMT).
But there is then a 60-day consultation period, during which the two sides could continue talks, before sanctions are finally announced -- and even then they would not take effect for a year.
GOLD Rise before fall.
"I wish to stress that the object of the exercise is not to conduct a witchhunt or to haul violators of human rights before the court to face charges," Omar said.
White extremists that engaged in a bombing campaign that killed 21 people in the three days before the April election have demanded that they also be given amnesty.
Hansen, speaking before the meeting set for August 2 of donor countries, said there were three urgent priorities: to overcome cholera in Goma, get the UN mission on site and allow the refugees to return to Rwanda before September to avoid a famine.
Schumacher made a particularly good start in the French Grand Prix from the second row of the grid, passing the two front-row Williams's before the first corner.
Piggott was admitted to hospital in Chichester, Sussex but discharged himself, spending the night in the Goodwood area before being driven home by his daughter Maureen Haggas.
Petersen, who played for Dutch club Ajax last season, was waiting for the official departure of Germany's Jurgen Klinsmann to England's Tottenham before sealing the deal.
reopens (LONDON) Dumitrescu, arriving in London for his medical, revealed he had rejected approaches from Bari, Padova, Monaco and Atletico Madrid before accepting the offer from Spurs' Argentinian manager Ossie Ardiles.
The two sides met for 2-1/2 hours before breaking, but there was no word on the content of their discussions.
But there is then a 60-day consultation period, during which the two sides could continue talks, before sanctions are finally announced.
The 34-year-old Englishman, who won the title in January 1993, failed to defend it before the expiry of a deadline set by the Commonwealth Boxing Council.
Under the bill, which is to be put before the government and to parliament at the end of August or beginning of September, such industrial assets are to be removed from the owner and placed in the hands of an independent and unconnected authority.
In London, the greenback ended the day at 1.5875 German marks from 1.5810 marks the day before, though down from a high of 1.5960 reached immediately after the publication of the output figures.
The French franc was firm, trading at 3.4139 francs for one mark from 3.4150 francs the day before.
Trading volume on the market fell to 33.2 billion marks from 34.738 the week before.
He played more than five seasons with the Los Angeles Clippers before being traded to Atlanta for Dominique Wilkins, now with Boston.
He said the lawyer was depressed, distracted and worried before his death but gave no sign that Whitewater played a part.
In an extraordinary scene on Thursday, 10 top White House aides testified en masse before the House committee and denied -- sometimes in chorus -- that they tried to influence the probe.
There is then a 60-day consultation period, during which the two sides could continue talks, before sanctions are finally announced.
He will be the 108th justice to sit on the court, the top legal authority in the United States which rules on many of the leading controversial issues before the country.
He had 26 homers before the corking incident in Chicago.
He will be the 108th justice to sit on the court, the top legal authority in the United States which rules on many of the leading controversial issues before the country.
Those bad investments, Lugar said, would make Breyer a liability by forcing him to recuse himself from handling numerous cases that may come before the Supreme Court involving toxic waste and asbestos.
The FIA issued the text of the report to its World Motor Sports Council before it fined Benetton US dollars 100,000 last Tuesday, officially for the delay in providing the original computer program to the FIA for examination.
Schumacher made a particularly good start in the French Grand Prix from the second row of the grid, passing the two front-row Williams's before the first corner.
Northants lost their first three batsmen before overhauling Hampshire's lead of 65 but had reached 130 for three by the close.
They slumped to 38 for four, in reply to 405, before Daley and Chris Scott, with 66 not out, put on 131 for the sixth wicket to steer them to 256 for six at the close.
From a Xavier Gravelaine corner, Sauzee headed home from the far post a minute before half-time.
Then, eight minutes before time, Strasbourg's Pascal Baills was sent off, but the Alsace side hung on for the draw.
Breyer will be the 108th justice to sit on the court, the top legal authority in the United States which rules on many of the leading controversial issues before the country.
Those bad investments, Lugar said, would make Breyer a liability by forcing him to recuse himself from handling numerous cases that may come before the Supreme Court involving toxic waste and asbestos.
Argentine Foreign Minister Guido Di Tella accused Hezbollah, a Lebanese-based Shiite Moslem group, of the Buenos Aires bombing in a speech prepared for delivery before the Security Council.
Testifying before a congressional committee, Christopher said Hezbollah's responsibility was a "fair assumption" in the London bombings "and perhaps in all of them."
Abortion opponent kills doctor, escort at clinic  PENSACOLA, Florida, July 29 (AFP)  A former church minister and anti-abortion militant shot and killed a doctor wearing a bullet-proof vest and his escort Friday before he was chased down and arrested, officials said.
There is then a 60-day consultation period, during which the two sides could continue talks, before sanctions are finally announced.
He was trapped in his car for 15 minutes before being freed by safety crews.
Zoeller, 42, has struggled with a back problems for several years before rallying in 1993.
But the two sides will meet again early Saturday to try to resolve the dispute before Monday.
One year after EMS collapse, optimism reigns for monetary union by Herve Rouach  BRUSSELS, July 30 (AFP)  One year after the forced collapse of the European Monetary System (EMS) on August 2 1993, Eurocrats here have renewed confidence that a single European currency will exist before the turn of the century.
Money markets seem to reflect the calm that reigned before last August's storm.
Finance ministers spent hours arguing what drastic measures should quickly be taken before the foreign money markets opened.
The two sides then held separate consultations for eight hours before resuming their marathon effort to beat the Sunday deadline.
Under the bill, which is to be put before the government and to parliament at the end of August or beginning of September, such industrial assets are to be removed from the owner and placed in the hands of an independent and unconnected authority.
Medecin's lawyer Philippe Fortabat-Labatut said the Appeals Court had voted on the extradition earlier in the week before a key witness had made a statement saying the money he gave to Medecin was for election expenses and covered "both by an amnesty and the statute of limitations".
Washington and Ferreira had met just twice before and the result was the same -- a Washington victory.
(AFP)     PENSACOLA, Florida: A former church minister and anti-abortion militant  shot and killed a doctor wearing a bullet-proof vest and his escort before he  was chased down and arrested, officials said.
They are working ahead of a Sunday deadline to agree on ways to boost Japanese government purchases of foreign telecommunications and medical equipment before a decision is taken on imposing US sanctions.
The judges adopted the tribunal's first annual report which will be submitted to the United Nations Security Council and General Assembly before being made public.
Chalker, who was visiting Uganda, before setting off on a reconnaissance visit to Rwandan refugee camps, was on an internal flight, together with British High Commissioner Edward Clay and president Yowen Museveni, when the wheels of their Cessna aircraft became entangled in long grass on take-off and the plane bumped the ground heavily.
Washington had wanted the resolution adopted before Friday but it has met with numerous objections from several Security Council members.
(new series) No agreement yet in last-ditch US-Japan trade talks by Sue Kendall  WASHINGTON, July 30 (AFP)  US-Japanese negotiations were set to go into a second day here Saturday in a marathon effort to resolve a key trade dispute before a Sunday deadline.
The deadline, originally set for April 30, has been extended twice, but US officials stressed before the talks began that Washington was not prepared to postpone it further.
(WASHINGTON) There is then a 60-day consultation period, during which the two sides could continue talks, before sanctions are finally announced.
211,000 young people publicly take a vow of chastity before marriage  WASHINGTON, July 30 (AFP)  A total of 211,163 young Americans of both sexes took a public vow of chastity before marriage Friday by planting signed cards proclaiming their sexual abstinence on the lawn of the Mall in Washington.
Three quarters of all young people in the United States have sexual intercourse before leaving secondary education and 40 percent are sexually active when they enter ninth grade, at age 14 to 15, according to a study published in 1990 by the Centers for Disease Control.
With their first game adjourned and the second drawn, Timman and Salov battled for 62 moves before agreeing to adjourn the third game.
But he acknowledged his team still had a lot of work to do before the third and last test against New Zealand next Saturday.
An advance team led by three-starred General Daniel Schroeder flew into Kigali on Saturday morning to assess needs, which include power and security, before troops and aircraft and cargo handling equipment start to be flown in Saturday afternoon.
"My mission here is to establish a 24 hour operation at the airfield," said General Schroeder, in charge of the US humanitarian operation to Rwanda, before going into a meeting with United Nations officials here.
Instead, they find themselves in the same jobs, earning the same wages and being discriminated against to the same extent as they were before the election.
The bill is to go before the government and parliament at the end of August or early September.
The police questioned him for half an hour on Thursday before allowing the Moslem activist into the country.
An advance team led by three-starred General Daniel Schroeder flew into Kigali on Saturday morning to assess needs, including power and security, before troops and aircraft and cargo handling equipment start to be flown in Saturday afternoon.
"My mission here is to establish a 24 hour operation at the airfield," said General Schroeder, who is in charge of the US humanitarian operation to Rwanda, before going into a meeting with United Nations officials here.
Women have been allowed into soldiers' rooms since December 22, 1993 whereas before they were only allowed into the library and canteen.
The Board XI in their second essay were 64-2 when the teams agreed to call off the match half an hour before the scheduled close.
Pakistan play a limited overs game against another Board XI side in Colombo on Monday before confronting Sri Lanka Wednesday in the first of three one-day internationals.
Balladur: international community should find 2,000 troops by August 22  LIBREVILLE, Gabon, July 30 (AFP)  French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur said Saturday it should "be possible" for the international community to "find 2,000 men before August 22" to replace French Operation Turquoise troops.
King Hussein of Jordan, which controlled East Jerusalem and the West Bank before 1967, signed the declaration with Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin formally ending the state of war between their countries.
The German is appealing against a two-race ban for ignoring a black flag at the recent British Grand Prix and is allowed to continue racing until the case goes before international jurists.
Only a third of the soldiers have been exhumed and the work will not be completed before the end of the century, Wang said.
"The thieves will do anything, but since they remain somewhat superstitious, they kneel before the tomb and ask their ancestors for forgiveness, before they gorge themselves," Wang said.
Balladur: international community should find 2,000 troops by August 22  LIBREVILLE, Gabon, July 30 (AFP)  French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur said Saturday it should be possible for the international community to "find 2,000 men before August 22" to replace French Operation Turquoise troops.
The 31-year-old now with second division Istanbulspor fled to Macedonia before an arrest warrant could be issued and is believed to be in the Macedonian capital Skopje, training with the local club Vardar Skopje.
An  advance team led by three-starred General Daniel Schroeder flew into Kigali to  assess needs, including power and security, before troops and aircraft and  cargo handling equipment start to be flown later in the day.
Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev had asked for a two-week delay for the Bosnian Serbs before sanctions were imposed, meeting little support for this from his partners, the diplomats said.
He suggested that soldiers provide precise operational plans before a decision was made to extend the exclusion zones.
Warsaw uprising commander's ashes buried at Polish cemetry  WARSAW, July 30 (AFP)  The ashes of the commander-in-chief of the World War II Warsaw uprising were buried at Powazki cemetery here Saturday, two days before 50th anniversary celebrations of the heroic uprising against the Nazis.
The German is appealing against a two-race ban for ignoring a black flag at the recent British Grand Prix and is allowed to continue racing until the case goes before international jurists.
Clinton's red cap went flying and he slightly injured his left knee and right elbow before aides helped him back on to his feet to complete his run.
MMM Chairman Sergei Mavrodi appeared briefly before the crowd and predicted shares would regain their original value within three months.
Israel wants Damascus to commit itself to full peace with open borders before any return of the Golan to Syria.
Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev had asked for a two-week delay for the Bosnian Serbs before sanctions were imposed, meeting little support for this from his partners, the diplomats said.
US, Japan trade talks resume  WASHINGTON, July 30 (AFP)  Negotiators from Japan and the United States met for a second day of talks here Saturday in a marathon effort to resolve a key trade dispute before a Sunday deadline.
The Japanese side, led by Deputy Foreign Minister Sadayuki Hayashi, arrived at the offices of the United States Trade Representative shortly before midday (1600 GMT), but made no comment.
The deadline, originally set for April 30, has been extended twice, but US officials stressed before the talks began that Washington was not prepared to postpone it further.
Another session went on long into the night and eventually broke up just before midnight.
Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev had asked for a two-week delay for the Bosnian Serbs before sanctions were imposed, but got little support for that from his partners, the diplomats said.
In a state of shock, she reversed through the crowd, sending more flying, before a guest ended the nightmare by removing the ignition key through an open window.
Instead, they have found themselves stuck in the same jobs, earning the same money, and being discriminated against to the same extent as they were before the election.
But Shilowa said Saturday that he was hopeful that the strike would be averted and that the labour disputes would be resolved before COSATU took such drastic action.
Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev asked for a two-week delay for the Bosnian Serbs before sanctions were imposed, but met little support for this from his partners, the diplomats said.
Israel wants Damascus to commit itself to full peace with open borders before any return of the Golan to Syria.
Rolling Stones hit the road by Stephane Bentura  WASHINGTON, July 30 (AFP)  The Rolling Stones rock back onto the road this week for a 60-show, 43-city US tour -- before heading to Europe next year -- with the years beginning to thin their own ranks.
South Africa, without a tour win before the Lord's Test, now look odds-on for their third victory in a row.
Balladur says international community should replace French troops  LIBREVILLE, July 30 (AFP)  French Prime Minister Edouard Balladur said Saturday it "should be possible" for the international community to find 2,000 men before August 22 to replace French troops in Rwanda.
The grand jury was shut down just before the preliminary hearing that bound the ex-football star over for trial.
(LONDON) Mark Alleyne and his Gloucestershire captain Courtney Walsh gave Kent a scare before the visitors left Cheltenham with a 50-run win.
The Australian lost the first set of the match 6-3 but came back to win 11 games in a row to take the second set 6-0 and move to 5-0 in the third before finishing the American off with 6-1 third set.
But Israel wants Syria to commit itself to full peace with open borders before any return of the Golan to Syria.
American comedians Bill Cosby and Alan King will serve as masters of ceremony for the August 28 event, which comes one day before the start of US Open play at the US Tennis Center here.
Ripken has started every game and departed before the end only 58 times.
"I have gotten a lot of run support this year that I haven't had before.
He helped Toronto win their first World Series title two years ago before departing for more money in New York.
The nearby village of Kani-Masi was entirely inhabited by Christians before its destruction by Iraqi troops in 1987.
They stressed that talks would continue during the 60-day consultation period before a formal sanctions announcement is made under the sanctions process due to begin Sunday.
The two sides agreed to break off the talks a day ahead of the deadline though Deputy Secretary of State Strobe Talbott and Japanese Foreign Minister Yohei Kono had agreed in a telephone conversation before the negotiations began Friday that they were prepared to talk through the weekend to reach a deal.
The deadline for the sanctions announcement, originally set for April 30, has already been postponed twice and Barshefsky said before this weekend's talks opened that there would be no further extensions.
The 24-year-old challenger had no answer to 6ft 1in Pep's non-stop punching and was sent down for two counts before referee John Coyle stepped in for the first round stoppage.
They stressed that talks would continue during the 60-day consultation period before a formal sanctions announcement is made under the sanctions process due to begin Sunday.
The two sides agreed to break off the talks a day ahead of the deadline though Deputy Secretary of State Strobe Talbott and Japanese Foreign Minister Yohei Kono had agreed in a telephone conversation before the negotiations began Friday that they were prepared to talk through the weekend to reach a deal.
The deadline for the sanctions announcement, originally set for April 30, has already been postponed twice and Barshefsky said before this weekend's talks opened that there would be no further extensions.
But Israel wants Syria to commit itself to full peace with open borders before any return of the Golan to Syria.
In Jericho on the West Bank, which was administered by Jordan before Israel seized the territory in 1967, old Jordanian laws still applied although they had been modified in Jordan itself.
Ashrawi, who turned down calls to join the new leadership in favour of leading a human rights commission, said a new legal system should come before elections, which have been delayed and are now not due until December.
Washington had wanted the resolution adopted before Friday but it has met with numerous objections from several Security Council members.
He seemed in control in the second set leading 4-2, but the South African fought back to go ahead 5-4 before falling to Agassi's late onslaught.
Asked about Stoltenberg, Agassi said: " We've played twice before and I've come out on top.
He's played Agassi twice before, losing both times.
"The deadline is tommorrow" before Washington decides whether to start the clock on a two-month period during which the two parties can resolve their differences before sanctions are imposed, said White House spokeswoman Dee Dee Myers.
Negotiators stressed that talks would continue during the 60-day consultation period before a formal sanctions announcement is made under the sanctions process due to begin Sunday.
The two sides agreed to break off the talks a day ahead of the deadline though Deputy Secretary of State Strobe Talbott and Japanese Foreign Minister Yohei Kono had agreed before the negotiations began Friday that they were prepared to talk through the weekend to reach a deal.
The deadline for the sanctions announcement, originally set for April 30, has already been postponed twice and Barshefsky said before this weekend's talks opened that there would be no further extensions.
The office of US Trade Representatives will  announce Sunday whether it will start the clock running on a two-month period  during which the two parties can resolve their differences before sanctions  are imposed.
The talks ended in failure in Washington Saturday, one day before the deadline for a compromise, opening the way for US sanctions to try to force Japan to open its government procurements to foreign suppliers.
Both sides stressed that talks would continue during the 60-day consultation period before a formal sanctions announcement is made under the sanctions process due to begin Sunday.
Recent oil finds by Japan's Mitsubishi Oil and Malaysian firm Petronas Carigali have stirred up growing interest in off-shore fields, but many oil executives insist that it could be another two years before they will have a better idea of Vietnam's reserves.
A Kuwaiti MP said his country had received assurances from Britain and the United States, the two other permanent members of the Security Council, that nothing would change before Iraq recognized Kuwait's sovereignty and borders.
Polling booths will be protected from two days before the election.
Schumacher warms up  HOCKENHEIM, Germany, July 31 (AFP)  Forumla One championship leader Michael Schumacher headed the final session of unofficial practice here before Sunday's German Grand Prix.
Syria demands a prior Israeli commitment to total withdrawal from the heights which were captured in 1967 before negotiating a peace treaty.
"I will not end my hunger strike nor take medicines until the bunkers around the holy shrine are lifted," he told reporters before entering the complex.
The Japanese, who narrowly defeated the South Korean to take the title in December last year, sent him onto the canvas for the fifth time before American referee Lou Filippo stopped the fight.
Meanwhile, three armed and masked men held up five German tourists overnight at a camp site at La Chiappa, near Porto-Vecchio, on the eastern side of the island, stealing their money before making a getaway.
Arafat's mainstream PLO movement Fatah issued a strongly-worded statement against An-Nahar and a pro-Jordanian weekly, Akbar al-Balad, whose owner decided to close down on Friday before being closed down by the authority.
Syria demands a prior Israeli commitment to total withdrawal from the heights, which were captured in 1967, before negotiating a peace treaty.
The French premier was taken by helicopter to the French base at Goma before setting off by helicopter for Kibuye and Cyangugu, southern Rwanda, where he is to inspect French troop positions and visit camps for displaced Rwandans in the French safety zone set up under Operation Turquoise.
On Saturday in the Gabonese capital Libreville Balladur said it "should be possible" for the international community to find 2,000 men before August 22 to replace France's Rwanda contingent.
Sunday afternoon he was to give a press conference at Goma before returning to France via Libreville.
Instead, they find themselves in the same jobs, earning the same wages and being discriminated against to the same extent as they were before the election.
Taiwan is racing to join the world trade body before it is reorganized as the World Trade Organization next year.
Taiwan has committed itself to remove restrictions on imports of cars and 16 kinds of fruit and plans to adopt the Japanese model in opening its rice market by allowing imports of 68,000 tonnes of rice before 1995, 136,000 tonnes before 2000 and removing all restrictions after 2000, reports said.
Syria demands a prior Israeli commitment to total withdrawal from the heights, which were captured in 1967, before negotiating a peace treaty.
He also played three seasons for minor county Staffordshire before breaking into county cricket at the age of 27.
The people involved are "foreign traffickers who have double and triple citizenship," said Rainsy, adding that action must be taken "before the mafia becomes entrenched like in Italy".
Kuwait's budget deficit has led the government to draw on its reserves abroad, which have diminished to 35 billion dollars compared with 100 billion before the Gulf crisis.
Carnage at German grand prix  HOCKENHEIM, Germany, July 31 (AFP)  The German Grand Prix opened in chaos here Sunday with almost half the field eliminated before the first bend.
Two pile-ups forced 12 cars out of the race before the first bend in a chaotic start.
Two pile-ups forced 12 cars out of the race before the first bend in a chaotic start.
Arafat's mainstream PLO movement Fatah issued a strongly-worded statement against An-Nahar and a pro-Jordanian weekly, Akbar al-Balad, whose owner decided to close down on Friday before being closed down by the authority.
"We need to do so now, before old habits become new habits," he wrote.
Ogata was inspecting relief operations here before she left for the eastern Zairean town of Goma, the hub of international humanitarian efforts for more than a million Rwandans who fled ethnic carnage and civil warfare after the death on April 6 of Hutu president Juvenal Habyarimana.
German World Championship leader Michael Schumacher in a Benetton- Ford, racing under appeal against a two-race ban, challenged Berger hard in the opening laps but was forced to retire before half-way with engine problems.
Syria demands a prior Israeli commitment to total withdrawal from the heights, which were captured in 1967, before negotiating a peace treaty.
Singh ends chances of Swedish home victory  STOCKHOLM, July 31 (AFP)  Fiji's Vijay Singh ensured Sweden will have to wait at last one more year before celebrating a home victory in the Scandinavian Masters after winning by three strokes.
"I had to have an injection before I could play here and my back was too sore to allow me to play in the pro-am last Wednesday."
Singh kept going aided by a double dose of pain-killing tablets each day and will now miss this week's BMW Open in Germany in order to rest before the US PGA championship in Oklahoma.
On Saturday in the Gabonese capital Libreville, Balladur had said it "should be possible" for the international community to find 2,000 replacement troops before August 22.
The United States has extended the deadline twice since April, but warned before this weekend's talks began that there would be no more postponements.
Syria demands a prior Israeli commitment to total withdrawal from the heights, which were captured in 1967, before negotiating a peace treaty.
De Villiers helped dismiss Leicestershire for 167, finishing with six for 67, before South Africa's bid for a second successive county scalp was held up by rain.
Meanwhile, three armed and masked men held up five German tourists overnight at a camp site at La Chiappa, near Porto-Vecchio, on the eastern side of the island, stealing their money before making a getaway.
"We call on the criminals to come and demonstrate repentance before us, to allow us to be sure that justice will be done," Sendashonga told AFP during a visit to the northern border town of Gisenyi after a meeting with his Zairean counterpart Maluba M'Bangula.
"I hope we can reach a resolution before the end of this year," he added.
Syria demands a prior Israeli commitment to total withdrawal from the heights before negotiating a peace treaty, while Israel wants a prior commitment for full peace with diplomatic relations and open borders.
The three drivers were punished for leaving the circuit before reporting to officials on the accident they were involved in at the start.
In the past ten years, before President Nelson Mandela and his ANC swept to power in elections at the end of April, more than 10,000 people have been killed in political clashes between the two parties.
"My people will choose death before slavery under the Russians," he said.
They piled up 239 against Derbyshire at Chesterfield but saw the match abandoned before the home side could begin their reply.
Hampshire, chasing 192, had reached 170 with two overs remaining before Cook took a hand.
Mario Andretti, in his final superspeedway race, dropped out midway through the race with engine trouble after a pit stop in which his car pulled away before a hydraulic jack had disengaged.
The law stipulates a 60-day consultation period to try to resolve the problem before Washington goes ahead with sanctions.
"Last year I worked harder than I ever had before," Thomas said.
"I hope we can reach a resolution before the end of this year."
Syria demands a prior Israeli commitment to total withdrawal from the heights before negotiating a peace treaty.
Assad said of the Arab-Israeli peace process: "Certain countries have failed Arab coordination and unity, they will take responsibility before their people and Arab masses."
Syria demands an Israeli commitment to total withdrawal from the Golan Heights, captured in 1967, before negotiating a peace treaty.
Israel wants a prior commitment from Syria for full peace with diplomatic relations, open borders and trade before it pledges any withdrawal from the strategic plateau.
The police then seized Seselj and took him to Pejakovic before putting him on a Montenegrin government plane for Belgrade, Tanjug quoted Seselj as saying.
