(On Southwest Airlines, the average passenger gets a free trip after 7,104 miles because freebies are awarded by that carrier after eight round trips rather than a mileage minimum.) Blyskal says his accounting system gives airlines the benefit of the doubt in every aspect and was based on the programs as they stand now  -- before the program devaluations most airlines plan starting next year.
Ask about Comfort Class before making a reservation.
(Begin optional trim) Up Main Street we streamed, past street lamps still lit from the night before.
Some books may be in stores before their official publication date.
But before they retire, the kids talk Dad into reading them a story.
Participants also will see Antarctic glaciers, the Strait of Magellan, Chilean fiords and the Andes Mountains, before transiting the Panama Canal.
After the eclipse, participants will continue by train to the small village of Huatajata on the shores of Lake Titicaca for an overnight at the Hotel Inca Utama, then cruise by hydrofoil to Copacabana, Sun and Suriqui islands before returning to La Paz.
A notoriously passionless public speaker, Eckert once began delivering remarks to an audience of baseball officials before realizing the speech was intended for the Retired Airline Pilots Association.
Kajsa Agostini was born in France and spent 15 years with the French Government Tourist Office in California before striking off on her own last year.
Andre Buys, an executive for Armscor, told Defense News last month that ``we expect that by 1996 (arms) exports will at least double, and possibly quadruple.'' Like Vaclav Havel of Czechoslovakia before him, Mandela may find that his humanitarian impulses are not strong enough to resist the financial attractions of the arms trade.
But states like Rwanda before its present crisis would still be able to legally buy arms.
``Reynolds Price,'' he told himself, ``is dead.'' And asked himself: ``Who can you be?'' The answer is: a writer and a teacher as before, only now with the patience and watchfulness born of suffering, and the blessing of whole days of focused energy undiluted by the distractions of the able-bodied.
Making his first appearance in relief on July 9, he was the man who brought black vaudeville style to white sport, decades before the high five, the monster jam and the end-zone dance.
The first major-leaguer who tried to hit the Hesitation Pitch lunged and swung before the pitch was half-way to the plate, his bat flying 40 feet up the third-base line.
Growing up in Wisconsin, I was teased about my eponymous meteorological event, though in fact my parents had already settled on my name before the hurricane was a cloud in the sky.
   MIDEAST -- JERICHO, West Bank -- PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat, asserting Palestinian authority, cancels the military orders issued during 27 years of Israeli occupation of Jericho and reinstates laws in effect before the 1967 Middle East war.
 In what may be a new record, the most recent U.S. policy on Haiti, whose centerpiece is tougher sanctions, was declared futile even before it came into effect on May 21.
Supporters of Jean-Bertrand Aristide, who only a few weeks before were fiercely urging tighter sanctions, agreed.
His recitation before thousands of people at the Memorial Day concert could be an emotional challenge.
Durning and Chris Koch talked for several hours beforehand about Durning's experiences.
``We picked the 29th because they had never been in combat before,'' said Chris Koch.
For the experiment, agencies would convert contracts that offer ways to measure before-and-after results, and move from cost-reimbursement contracts to fixed-priced contracts.
Right now, the prevailing wisdom seems to be that the Czechs, formerly part of Czechoslovakia before it split into separate Czech and Slovak republics in January 1993, are a special case, with a prime minister who has devised a unique approach.
By contrast, the reform process in Hungary and Poland was underway for years and affected their Communist parties as well before non-Communists finally took power in the 1989-90 general upheaval.
At least theoretically, Arafat probably does not want to give up any cards or leverage before those negotiations by dismantling the camps now.
While the formulas are complex, Dale McDaniel of the Federal Aviation Administration says that, in terms of total noise impact on a community, ``you could have 10 Stage 3 operations before it would equal one Stage 2.'' In 1990, 2.7 million people were exposed to an average of 65 decibels or higher over a 24-hour period.
This week's New Yorker brings the first truly heavyweight piece on the First Lady, but before we get to that, a few tips on how to prepare for reading it.
For one thing, this is where Storaro's photography and James Acheson's production and costume design are at their best, making good use of the never-before-seen streets of Bhutan and creating opulent set pieces.
Senior administration officials described the meeting as ``friendly and non-confrontational.'' They said there was none of the bombast or harsh rhetoric that had been feared before Grachev's arrival at the headquarters of an alliance created 45 years ago to contain Soviet expansionism.
But U.S. officials sounded a note of caution, saying they wanted to hear the specifics of the proposal Grachev promised to lay before the ministers Wednesday.
Those in the old Civil Service Retirement System, mostly people hired before 1983, can contribute 5 percent of salary.
The notice announced reinstatement of ``all the regulations, laws and orders'' that were in effect before the June 1967 war in which Israel captured the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
Palestinians assert that Israelis coming into the autonomous areas may not carry weapons, and Palestinian police in Jericho briefly detained five armed settlers Tuesday before releasing them, reportedly with apologies.
A spokesman for Fox estimated it will take 1 to 1½ years before all of the new stations that were reeled in this week are lined up for the network.
But he demanded that the United States issue a clear statement of its intentions before his mostly Muslim cabinet approves the plan.
The Hanoi government will get back a single property, the building that served before the end of the war as South Vietnam's embassy in Washington.
When Japanese officials went to the United States last weekend, they expected at least one more round of preliminary negotiations before the pivotal framework talks could restart.
What they found instead, said a participant in the negotiations, was ``that the atmosphere was far more conciliatory, and far less confrontational and hawkish'' than before.
Even if Grachev and the ministers reach agreement in principle Wednesday, officials say it is unlikely that NATO would act on the application before early June, when NATO's foreign ministers are scheduled to meet in Istanbul, Turkey.
Administration and Capitol Hill officials now have set July 1 as the ``final'' target date for getting bills out of committee, so the legislation can be considered on the floor of both bodies before the Aug.
When Congress returns in September, it will have barely a month before adjournment and the closing phase of midterm election campaigns to get final agreement on a measure.
He doesn't have to pay the $7 million because the state deadline for gross-negligence claims expired even before federal regulators took over the thrift.
Ogilvy, with $5.8 billion in billings, 270 offices and 7,000 employees in 59 countries, did not work for IBM before.
Administration officials also successfully argued that the House would appear to be dictating Bosnia policy to Clinton and constraining his options just days before he visits Europe with the opportunity to persuade allied nations to join in lifting the arms embargo.
Salameh, like the other defendants, said in remarks before sentencing that the months-long jury trial had been infected with bias because of unfair treatment by ``the media in the United States and Europe.'' He and his accomplices also objected that after firing their court-appointed lawyers two months ago, Duffy prohibited them from retaining famed civil rights lawyer William Kunstler to handle their appeals.
Ajaj was convicted of carrying bomb-making manuals into the country several months before the blast.
Clinton said he will announce his decision before he leaves for Europe June 1.
Aides said the announcement probably would come by Friday because of Congress' strong desire Congress to discuss the issue publicly before the Memorial Day recess, which begins Friday.
The nationally televised speech before a joint session of the multiracial National Assembly and Senate in the Parliament building in Cape Town set a healing tone and a moderate course for the new democracy as it struggles to shed the social and economic inequities of apartheid.
de Klerk a day before the elections and was reported by a local newspaper Friday.
In the Senate, Republicans were threatening to force a vote on hearings before the end of the week if behind-the-scenes negotiations between party leaders fail to resolve a long-running partisan dispute over the timing and forum for a congressional probe.
If no agreement is reached by Wednesday, they said, Republicans might try to force a Whitewater vote before lawmakers leave town for a weeklong Memorial Day recess.
Clinton told reporters he would make an announcement before departing for Europe June 1 -- by law his deadline is June 3.
But he argued that in the case of the Jones lawsuit, the fact that the alleged conduct took place 20 months before Clinton took office and that she waited an additional 16 months before bringing suit should be factored into that decision.
This case was brought on the 364th day of the third year'' -- the last day before it would have been barred under the Arkansas statute of limitations.
Some black customers, for example, said they were asked to prepay for meals or pay cover charges before they were seated.
The accused assassin's father now says that his son knew the two security agents and met with them two months before the March 23 assassination, said Jorge Mancillas, a University of California, Los Angeles, professor and adviser to the family.
Until Tuesday, it appeared that at least one of the panels -- the Senate Labor and Human Resources Committee -- stood a chance of passing a bill to overhaul the United States' health care system before Congress adjourns for the weeklong recess.
But even before the new administration came to office, the Air Force had planned to use four-by-four-inch LCD panels -- primarily on F-15 Eagle fighters -- to replace horizontal indicators, a vital cockpit display that shows whether the plane is going up or down.
At SAIC, Kull said the controversy involved a legitimate dispute with the Air Force over a difficult development project that ran out of federal support before the cockpit displays were workable.
Speaking before a New York City gathering of the Irvington Trust, an investment banking group that funds medical research, Scharff said patients who undergo cancer chemotherapy, transplant surgery, radiation or who have AIDS commonly die of what, for other people, are fairly benign fungal and bacterial infections -- including staphylococcus, meningococcus, pneumococcus and cryptococcus.
In the the 1920s and 1930s, before the discovery of antibiotics, physicians treated such problems with antisera created by injecting samples of the bacteria plaguing their patients into a horse.
Villafana, a friend at Montebello High School, to claim the winning ticket in return for half the $1,000 weekly before-tax proceeds.
He has also learned that one of its exports is sex talk --  which his roommate's girlfriend apparently imported liberally through an international ``party line'' that bypassed the 900 call-blocking service he signed up for the month before.
Telephone company officials say they have heard relatively few complaints about international sex lines so far, but they are worried they could grow into a problem as serious as 900 lines were before call-blocking and other protections were introduced.
Just before his death, Mohammad had spoken of this reunion as a dream more distant only than the dream of living together with his exiled father and four half-brothers in a liberated Palestinian land.
``Oh, it's still moving,'' Couric said, then wittily joked: ``Can't you give him sleeping pills or something before you cut him up?'' After the mirth subsided, it was time to add wine and tomato sauce in preparation for cooking the lobster for 10 to 12 minutes.
But Hillary Clinton had to face such questions before and after her husband came to office.
The newly restored painting is being displayed in a before-and-after exhibition called ``Restoring a French Masterpiece: Poussin's `Crucifixion.''' Installed in the second-floor Connector Gallery, it runs through July 31.
X-ray photos, infra-red photography, blown-up photos of microcosmic areas of the canvas and, of course, a color photo of the painting before it underwent conservation are part of the exhibition and give it an almost clinical ambiance.
20 to April 16 before its return to Hartford.
He should, for example, avoid direct sunlight during the middle of the day, use protective clothing, such as hats and shirts with long sleeves, apply a sunscreen before going out into the sun and, of course, avoid sunlamps and tanning booths.
President Clinton has become particularly dependent on Rostenkowski because his political future is staked on matters that must pass through Ways and Means before they become law.
It soon will select sites for clinical trials required by the Food and Drug Administration before the drug can be made available to the public.
They can throw away junk faxes before they're committed to paper.
You are allowed to deduct certain expenses from this total before you arrive at the amount used for calculating federal estate tax.
Although one could wish Seagal had delivered his message with a less heavy hand, he is on target in his sentiments and quite possibly will be reaching audiences who never thought about the environment before.
Using Holly Hunter and Harvey Keitel in ways never seen before, writer-director Jane Campion has given a sweepingly romantic 19th century tale an almost avant-garde edge.
In other words, if you retire at age 62, this rather sizable nest egg runs out eight years before the actuarial die.
But in a tax-deferred account, you'll accumulate $297,000 before taxes and $231,000 after taxes.
``I am afraid we need a financial crisis before Washington moves on this,'' said one source.
 National:    GULFWAR -- WASHINGTON -- Pentagon officials testify before Congress on reports that shipments of biological-warfare materials to Iraq by U.S. companies may have contributed to health problems experienced by Gulf war veterans.
   HEALTH -- WASHINGTON -- President Clinton goes to Capitol Hill to schmooze Democrats on health care as the see-saw battle to get something passed before the November elections continues.
   DERIVATIVES -- WASHINGTON -- Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan, Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Arthur Levitt and Comptroller of the Currency Eugene Ludwig testify before a House subcommittee on derivatives.
Things start going wrong on the little island in the Venice lagoon, Riva di Pignoli, like objects tossed around before a storm, like the rumbling before an earthquake.
The Dodgers say they reached a monentary settlement with Strawberry, who admitted the day before the season began that he had a substance abuse problem.
And as with generations going before, we must often be willing to pay the price of time, sometimes the most painful price of all,'' he said.
is that many of these conflicts will rarely submit to instant solutions.'' Clinton paid tribute to the World War II veterans who stood for recognition in the vast stadium and said to the graduating class, the grandchildren of those veterans, that their challenge ``is to remember the deeds of those who served before you, and now to build on their work'' in protecting and expanding democracy and freedom.
The day before she was let go, Feb.
Although Clinton has made that point several times before, his sharpened rhetoric marked an escalation of the war of words over Bosnia policy.
And coffee experts say prices could double again before it's over.
``What matters right now is there aren't enough beans, and the growers won't be able to recoup before 1995 or 1996,'' says Ganes.
Wednesday's hearing before the House subcommittee on Energy and Commerce chaired by Rep.
Pentagon officials, testifying before the Senate Banking Committee Wednesday, said that even though they have no evidence of gas attacks during the Gulf War, as-yet-unproved contact with chemical- or biological-warfare agents remains on the long list of possible causes of the mysterious malady.
The new report contains narratives of 16 of these events, which are often characterized by missile attacks followed by gas alarms, strange smells and various symptoms in the minutes before soldiers were fully suited in their protective gear.
Mitterrand went to Sarajevo to ``bear witness with his solidarity, to shake the world's consciousness and to permit President (Alija) Izetbegovic to speak before the world media.'' The controversy emerged after the screening of ``Bosna!'' (Bosnia!), a documentary film directed by French philospher Bernard-Henri Levy that is fiercely critical of official French policy favoring partition of Bosnia-Herzegovina.
But after analyzing and rejecting other possible explanations, they stated ``we are unable to offer any other plausible explanation for the lack of odd-eighth quotes.'' (Optional add end) They noted that in rare instances when the stocks were quoted at such prices, the prices typically were posted for less than two minutes before being removed.
The council will be the focus of a hearing Thursday before Waxman's House subcommittee on health and environment.
Rothschild later testified for the industry before Congress, according to the documents, which include a 1978 journal article, co-authored by Rothschild, that criticized as dubious such advice from doctors as ``the complete elimination of cigarettes.'' ``I don't think there were any restrictions placed on what we found,'' Rothschild said in a telephone interview Wednesday when asked about his special project funding.
In that vein, Boutros-Ghali's comments illustrated the difference between his view of the United Nations as a political first-aid agency that must rush to help ailing nations, and the Clinton administration's new concept that a long list of safety conditions must be in place before the United Nations should intervene.
The Security Council voted May 16 to set up the force, but the United States cast some doubt on the mission by insisting that the council review the decision before the bulk of the troops are deployed.
There is a moral responsibility.'' The Clinton administration, in policy guidelines published early this month, insisted that a cease-fire must be in place and that troops and resources must already have been pledged for a peacekeeping mission before the United States would support it.
Last December, an academy graduate fatally shot his former fiancee and her boyfriend -- who both also attended the academy  -- before killing himself at the U.S. Naval Amphibious Base in Coronado, Calif.
 Official: U.S. Troops Were Near Iraqi Chemical Weapons Depot (Washn)  WASHINGTON Despite prior claims by Pentagon officials that there were no Iraqi chemical weapons near the Persian Gulf war battlefields, a senior U.S. military-intelligence official testified before Congress Wednesday that U.S. troops conducted operations near an Iraqi chemical-weapons storage site.
The report also said that several years before the war, the U.S. government shipped materials to Iraq that its leader, Saddam Hussein, used to develop chemical weapons.
The actress will convalesce at her Los Angeles home for a few weeks before traveling to her summer home in Ireland.
(Optional add end) On a more positive note for the administration, a second House subcommittee managed to approve a version of the Clinton plan shortly before the president arrived on Capitol Hill.
``In humanitarian terms it would be morally irresponsible to create a large magnet by effecting this change in policy before it can be fully implemented,'' said a senior administration official.
One such case is now pending before the FTC.
``We're losing focus, really, on the issue that's before the committee,'' Ford said.
I've seen our government lie to us before in other war situations.'' Army chemical data included in the Senate report indicates that U.S. chemical detectors may not have been sensitive enough to register very low levels of certain agents, such as the nerve gas Sarin, which can still be harmful if soldiers are exposed to it over long periods.
If the ranking member gets the nod, he would be entitled to a separate up or down vote before any alternative was considered, Foley said.
``Somebody said it must have been like Jackie Kennedy's apartment when people came to visit the day before she died.'' Clearly, there was that same sense Wednesday of losing someone larger than life.
But sometime within a few days, and almost certainly before Congress returns from its Memorial Day recess, Rostenkowski and his lawyers are expected to reach a decision that will take him out of the action.
``It's gone off before, but only for 20 minutes or so, then it stops,'' said Joan Sheppard, one of the neighbors.
RTC officials said Ludwig apparently gave away much of his money before he died in August 1992, and his estate was worth less than the RTC had hoped.
Three weeks before the games begin, unlicensed T-shirts, bumper stickers, key rings, soccer balls, shawls, posters, caps and sun visors are selling rapidly.
If they don't comply with the terms of the order, more steps can be taken, but Bloom said most cases are settled within weeks before reaching court.
``I've been living happily ever after.'' In the months before D-day, Americans seemed to be everywhere in southern England: the troops who would land on the beaches of Normandy; the supply corps to back them up; the sailors to ferry them across the English Channel; the airmen to support them from above.
The murder plan was foiled before an attempt was made.
Malki -- from another group at odds with Arafat, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine -- said it is telling that Arafat installed a security apparatus even before a civil government is formed.
From the left, Maurice Paprin, head of the liberal-oriented Fund for New Priorities, left a recent White House briefing convinced that U.S. policy toward Haiti is ``as unclear and muddy as it was before.'' The president seemingly raised the political stakes for his Haiti policies recently when he offered a detailed justification for U.S. invasion of that strife-torn island nation if economic sanctions do not force the military government from office.
The still photographs flash before us -- child equestrian, debutante, adoring wife, glamorous first lady, grieving widow, international swinger, stoic single mother, accomplished professional, proud grandmother.
The hardest part was to hear him say, `I wish you and me and Daddy all lived together.' '' It took nine months before she would even agree to talk with Geoff.
Almost always a lie, and you will find that out 30 minutes before bedtime.
Quickly -- and in major defiance of every mom's maxim: Gee, honey, maybe you should get to know this person you're about to marry before you actually get married.
Noting that she and Thomas had not so much as cohabited before their marriage, Barrymore said at the time of her wedding, ``I guess we're doing it the old-fashioned way.
When Midler and Martin von Haselberg reconnected in October 1984, after having met briefly once before, sparks flew.
``These are the kinds of marriages we suspect won't last very long,'' Goldbart said, because as soon as they polish off the wedding cake, ``they're off to the next impulse.'' But Kate Wachs would hardly have thought of herself as impulsive, a woman who waited 40 years before pledging her troth and who has made a comfortable living running the ``Dr. Kate Relationship Center,'' arranging matches and offering ``A-to-Z'' love advice to men and women.
``There is some research that points out that if you also can resolve the dispute in front of the child, it can teach conflict resolution, and also that anger isn't toxic or lethal but natural and can be worked through, and people still love each other when it ends.'' -- Avoid explosive anger by dealing with problems before they become overwhelming.
bc-news-advisory-lat-wp    Editors, Managing editors:    The following features on the 50th anniversary of the D-Day invasion of Europe are tentatively scheduled to move before the June 6 anniversary date.
Like ``The Addams Family'' before it, this is one of those clever, lively and ultimately wearying pieces of showy Hollywood machinery where a glut of creativity has gone into the visuals with only scraps left over for the plot and the dialogue.
He takes pains to distinguish Ultrazone from an early '80s game called Photon, also a form of light-based tag, which achieved fad status in some cities before vanishing.
Less than a week before the scheduled March 1 bash, Mayer, Brown was forced to cancel and uninvite some 600 guests.
Once a thriving manufacturer of shampoos, lipsticks, skin care products and the like, the company's sales had fallen from $60 million a year before East Germany's collapse to $4 million in 1992.
The petition comes a week before the fifth anniversary of the crackdown, the most sensitive period on China's political calendar.
'' Glenn dismissed the papers as ``ancient history'' that occurred long before he was involved with the group.
In one case, said Robert Kesting, an archivist at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington, 11 captured African American soldiers were humiliated by S.S. officers and forced to carry them on their backs before they were tortured, executed and mutilated.
Other black soldiers were forced to dig their own graves before they were executed.
Republican sources said GOP senators dropped earlier plans to start offering amendments before the recess when Dole assured them he was making progress in his talks with Mitchell and believed agreement was near.
She said Clinton had never before seen them.
Blair, who urged Clinton to enter the high-risk futures market and ordered most of her trades, said in a recent interview that he ``talked her into'' her first futures trade in October 1978 before paperwork on her account was completed.
She liquidated that position the next day, making a $7,250 profit overnight, before paying commissions.
The father has said that, before the shooting, his son met with a federal security agent who was arrested at the scene and later released.
Dating back to the early years of the Cambrian period -- up to 400 million years before the dinosaurs -- the beast was a 6-foot-long ocean-dwelling predator with formidable front pincers.
``Intolerance and prejudice are abhorrent to our deepest values as individuals and as a community.'' Some black students fought to keep the mural, twice rescuing it from campus paint crews before it was finally sanded off the wall of the student union.
Plutonium poses ``significant dangers to national and international security'' because of the possibility that it could fall into the wrong hands and be fashioned into a nuclear bomb, Energy Under Secretary Charles Curtis said in testimony before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee.
In a White House briefing after the president's appearance, national security adviser Anthony Lake disclosed that Clinton had decided ``some weeks ago,'' even before he had the verdict on China's human rights record, to stop holding the issue of trade over Beijing's head.
One was a trip in 1960 when he visited Pearl Harbor before the memorial to the battleship Arizona and its crew was built.
During the June trip, the imperial couple will visit 11 cities --  including Atlanta, Washington, Los Angeles, San Francisco and Honolulu  -- before returning to Tokyo on June 26.
That, along with Thursday's report from the Labor Department that the number of workers filing initial claims for unemployment benefits is rising, is likely to figure prominently when Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan testifies before the Senate Banking Committee.
``They've had shake-ups before but every time things -- as we say in this office -- returned to abnormal.'' Each day, the postal service is blamed for something else, from the lack of an audience for the Bozo TV show -- hardly anyone got tickets --  to the decision of a mail-order cosmetics firm to move out to the suburbs.
Speaking in Anchorage, Alaska, moments before he boarded an Alaska Airlines plane that would fly him back home, the 75-year-old writer praised Cavendish.
   Cols 5-6: Less than two weeks before the primary election for California governor, Kathleen Brown maintains a comfortable 12-point lead over John Garamendi among likely Democratic voters, according to The Los Angeles Times Poll.
The central bank also wanted to slow the tidal wave of money inflating stock and bond prices, before U.S. markets began to look like a rerun of Japan, 1989.
Foley, D-Wash., said that the House would conduct no Whitewater hearings before late July.
But Wilhelm said it was simply ``a wake-up call'' that should propel Democrats to enact a health care package before going home to campaign.
Now administration officials figure congressional committees must finish their work by July 1 so the House and Senate can vote before they adjourn in mid-August for summer recess.
How long can it be before the school board down in Tavares, Fla.
 LOOKING BACK Speaking of Memorial Day, I checked back to see where the Dow Jones industrial average closed on the day before the end-of-May holiday in past years.
Used blindly by a fund manager, they certainly can increase the risk of a mutual fund investment.'' (Financial World ) Ticker suggestion: Ask a lot of questions and read the prospectus carefully before buying any bond fund.
Therefore, even if the recent low of 177.04 turns out to be the final low for the Dow Jones utility average, the Dow industrials will likely decline another 1,062 points to a final bottom of 2,598 in late July before the bear market is over.'' (Michael O'Higgins, O'Higgins Asset Management, in Barron's, May 23) SUN ALSO RISES -- ``The aggressive growth sector of the market is presently making a very significant bottom, and this should set up a very nice advance in that area -- and the market as a whole -- this summer.'' (Walter Deemer's Strategies and Insights) ...
``There has always been anti-Semitism, but now they dare to say it out loud and dare to throw bombs.'' About half a million Jews lived in Germany before the Nazis were voted into power in 1933.
Should CBS make a run on the ABC or NBC affiliates, whichever network is dislodged would also likely go after KPHO-TV before seeking the UHF independents in the market.
The tapes also showcase a slew of young stand-ups -- including Leno, Letterman and Garry Shandling -- before they became major stars.
He was anti-Clinton before there was an anti-Clinton movement.
Right before he implies that Clinton might have some connection to a drug-smuggling ring, he strongly suggests Clinton may have been involved in what he calls --  get ready -- countless murders.
The Normandy campaign itself was marred by sins of omission and commission: intelligence shortcomings, questionable generalship, internecine bickering and friendly-fire casualties on a scale unseen before or since.
-O-  A generation before Normandy, Sir Edward Grey had likened the United States to ``a gigantic boiler: once the fire is lighted under it there is no limit to the power it can generate.'' By 1944, the boiler had been stoked again.
A week before the invasion, Churchill warned Eisenhower's deputy, ``You are piling up an awful lot of hatred.'' Also harassing the Germans was the French Resistance.
At the same time, the Allied high command in Italy was determined to grab world attention in the hours before the landings in France would wipe the Italian campaign off the front pages.
During secret negotiations that summer, the Allies agreed to drop the U.S. 82nd Airborne Division on Rome hours before Allied forces began the invasion of Italy at Salerno 200 miles south of the capital.
At midnight, a few hours before Ridgway's scheduled takeoff from Sicily, Taylor woke up the new head of government, Marshal Pietro Badoglio.
``France is going to be invaded, and we've got to get this in the papers before then.'' When a unit commander insisted his men would need the rest of the day to overcome German artillery, Keyes told him, ``That will not do.
As copies rolled off the presses, we grabbed them and stood out on the broad, sunny boulevards of the Eternal City, handing them out to surprised GIs. Before the last German was gone from Rome, we had published the first issue of the Rome edition of Stars Stripes, under the headline, in big type, ``WE'RE IN ROME.'' The next day, June 6, world headlines exploded with Normandy landings, and our Stars Stripes, in type twice as big as the day before, screamed, ``INVASION.'' In those heady days it seemed reasonable to link the double Rome-Normandy punch to a quick end of the war.
He assured the president and Hillary Rodham Clinton in separate conversations this week that he would set aside his own views on reforming the health care system and vigorously push for passage of the president's plan before Congress adjourns this fall.
Weary of worrying about withdrawal charges if you want to leave your fund before you've been in there for five or six years?
The A share, which is the traditional front-end ``load'' share, comes with the unnerving sight of a broker slicing off a 4 or 5 percent commission before money is even invested.
The amount is deducted before the money is invested.
However, an investor who leaves the fund before the end of six years will pay a declining withdrawal charge, which starts at 4 percent and goes down to zero.
Fred, enjoying a life of unprecedented luxury, is obliged to fire Barney (Moranis) and watch his friend sink into poverty before realizing his mistakes.
Some 40 minutes before the session was to begin, we were ushered into a large and tastefully opulent room where the green carpet was offset by a high ceiling of polished blond cedar and walls made of rice-paper shoji screens that muted the sunlight outside to the soft glow characteristic of older Japanese homes.
``My family was Democratic going back to the days before the big Depression.
``I'm the guy who first signed her papers (to enter competition) and I intimidated the other two guys to sign, so I have always been for women's rights, before it was politically correct.'' The Thurman-Garlits contest is an extreme example of the slow transformation of the Democratic and Republican parties, as the increasing influence of values, education and gender are working in overlapping ways to weaken the image of a working-class Democratic Party battling a management and Wall Street-dominated GOP.
Lasorda's appearance shows how far colleges will go to entertain and inspire their charges before sending them off into the cruel world.
The spokesman added that even before the Justice Department made its appeal, the panel had not contemplated asking Ames to appear until after the government had concluded its questioning and the committee staff reviewed the results.
Boren's assessment was made as Congress slowed its earlier fast pace of action, sending lawmakers home for their 10-day Memorial Day recess without final action on any of the major bills that congressional leaders hoped to send to President Clinton before the holiday.
We can see his energies draining away as he tries to do more and more,'' one cardinal was heard to observe after Easter Mass, three weeks before John Paul's latest fall.
it could go on for a quite a long period of time, provided that inflationary imbalances don't emerge.'' Since February, the Fed has raised short-term interest rates four times in a controversial effort to cool the economy before it gets so overheated that it begins to generate a surge in inflation.
Fed officials are now convinced they kept interest rates too low for too long as the economy began to recover last year, and that before they acted in February the economy was growing at a pace that was too rapid to be sustained without a run-up in prices.
Patrick said that Harcourt cooperated fully to settle the complaint, entering into negotiations promptly after being notified of its alleged violations and implementing many of the new procedures months before the final settlement.
An advertising executive in Little Rock, Ark., before joining the White House staff, Watkins is worth more than $1 million, according to his financial disclosure statement.
   Col 4: With less than two weeks before the June 7 primary, an overwhelming number of California voters still have not made up their minds on six contested statewide offices, a Los Angeles Times Poll finds.
Clinton had talked to Watkins on the telephone before the press conference and met with him for about 15 minutes afterwards.
Bingaman and the five-member Federal Communications Commission also must weigh in before BT puts up the remaining $3.4 billion.
Fred, enjoying a life of unprecedented luxury, is obliged to fire Barney (Moranis) and watch his friend sink into poverty before realizing his mistakes.
Rob Annink has begun each daily briefing for the past week by describing the situation in Bosnia-Herzegovina as ``stable,'' while subsequently reporting the following incidents: -- Serbs fired at least 500 artillery shells into the mostly Muslim enclave of Bihac, another U.N.-protected area, in the 24 hours before Thursday morning.
That afternoon, three SWAT squads, hundreds of other police officers and FBI agents descended on a 54th Street home where they expected to find members of the Symbionese Liberation Army, the group that had kidnapped heiress Patricia Hearst a few months before.
Just before the Clinton decision, China eliminated 195 quota and license regulations in preparation for joining the World Trade Organization -- a step toward drawing closer to the international community in other productive ways.
The Royal Horticultural Society has been swamped with letters protesting buying-in since the practice became known just before this year's show opened on Monday.
Roy Stevens, now 74, remembers speaking with his twin brother, Ray, before splitting up on the landing boats.
``None of them made it.'' He also remembers Earl Parker staring at his little girl's photograph the night before D-day, and his misgivings about the invasion.
Fellers, before the war a state highway foreman in Bedford, skipped out of an Army hospital to make the landing.
That makes the 23-year-old Baltimore woman one of a fast-growing number of Americans who, even before enactment of national health care reform, are losing the freedom to choose their own doctors.
In all, as many as 95 percent of Americans with private insurance are subject to some form of utilization review, possibly leading to a denial of coverage either before or after a specific treatment, according to Lewin-VHI Inc., a health care consulting firm.
A central hallmark in such arrangements is the ``gatekeeper,'' a primary care physician whose permission is needed before a patient may consult with a specialist.
The conversation occurred eight days before the cocaine arrived in the United States.
After serving a total of 40 months (including time served before his conviction), Bueso became eligible for parole and was released in May 1989, according to Bureau of Prisons records.
Like many Russians, he appeared shocked by the high prices in comparison to 20 years ago and seemed less impressed that so much more is available now than before.
Before Clinton took office, President Bush had repeatedly vetoed legislation that would have required China, before winning a renewal of its trade privileges, to make progress not only on human rights but also on curbing its arms exports and reducing its trade imbalance with the United States.
Instead of going up to the director's office on the sixth floor, the overloaded elevator sank part way between the lobby and the basement and stuck there for 15 minutes before a mechanic came to the rescue.
But before that, he says, he would like to help clean out the police.
key chains, books'' and ``clocks, magnifying glasses, picture frames, cameras, albums and some luggage.'' House leaders ordered gift items removed from the stationery store in 1992, but before that time members were allowed to charge them to their accounts and later pay for the purchases, plus a 10 percent surcharge.
The contradiction between Rota's initial denial and subsequent court admission gives defense lawyers a chance to challenge his truthfulness before jurors, lawyers close to the case say.
He is also known to be a diffident individual who appears nervous in the public spotlight, as was evident when he made his pleading before Judge Norma H.
 When the President Is Sued  The following editorial appeared in Sunday's Washington Post: The sexual-harassment lawsuit filed by Paula Jones against President Clinton is a case of first impression -- no one has ever brought a civil suit against a sitting president for alleged conduct that occurred before he took office.
The allegations against Clinton, of course, arose out of conduct that occurred long before he became president and certainly involved no actions that were part of his official duties.
In a speech this month before a joint session of the U.S. Congress, Indian Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao emphasized the new economic ties between Washington and New Delhi.
Committee Chairman Daniel Patrick Moynihan, D-N.Y., and ranking minority member Bob Packwood, R-Ore., agreed before the break to have their aides work out language embodying areas of agreement and have it ready for consideration when Congress returns June 8.
A draft that cleared one of its subcommittees just before the recess is described by critics as ``Clinton-Plus,'' promising even more benefits and imposing even more regulatory burdens than the White House plan that has failed to enlist moderate Democratic or Republican support.
But they also cautioned against assuming that it will be easy to bridge the differences on mandates, cost containment and other intractable issues before Congress takes another break on July 1.
The balance in this case -- in which Paula Corbin Jones waited three years before bringing suit and has no urgent need for recompense --  tips in favor of forcing her to delay her lawsuit until the end of Clinton's term, Cutler said on the MacNeil-Lehrer News Hour.
Because Jones is complaining about Clinton's conduct before he became president, Clinton will not be able to argue that the court should shield him in order to preserve his ability to exercise his authority and judgment as president.
Chater told the Senate Appropriations subcommittee on human services that Thompson's award was based on his work at Social Security and his ``exemplary performance'' at the General Accounting Office for the nine months he served there before transferring agencies.
Some agencies, such as the Agriculture Department and the U.S. Information Agency, revamped their bonus programs before the administration asked for its review.
The London rally, planned before Major made his comments, was intended to commemorate the 600 people estimated to die on Britain's streets every year.
The pages passing beneath the camera lens range from the prosaic to the sinister: Heinrich Himmler's expense accounts; Nazi Party membership card No. 899,895, belonging to one Adolf Eichmann; Josef Mengele's dental records and membership sheet in the Nazi Physicians Professional Association; Hermann Goering's suicide notes, scribbled before he swallowed cyanide in 1946.
Nothing has been announced, but chances are that he will go to Hanoi before or after that meeting.
And now the Capitol's police force is investigating whether some lobbyists are getting in illegally by paying friendly congressional staff members, who have keys to the House and Senate office buildings, to go inside before the buildings are open to the public and stand in line for them.
Honecker, who ruled for 18 years before the collapse of communism, had lived in Chile with his wife and his daughter's family since January 1993, when Berlin judges ruled he was too ill to stand trial in connection with shootings at the Berlin Wall.
Although Honecker led the Communist East German state between 1971 and 1989, he will be remembered most for what he did long before --  building the Wall.
Honecker was driven from power three weeks before the Wall's collapse in November 1989 in a series of events that heralded the fall of Soviet bloc communism itself.
 Capitalist Ambitions Reflected in Ancient City (Shanghai)  SHANGHAI Percy Chu's eyes glisten as he recalls Shanghai in the decades before the 1949 communist revolution, when it was ``the Paris of the East,'' pulsating with Jazz Age energy.
Chung Shing Textile Co., whose late founder fled Shanghai for Taiwan, has formed a joint venture with the Shanghai apparel factory it had owned before the plant was nationalized by the communists.
``When I took over,'' he said, ``we quit using the terminology `neighborhood-oriented policing.' Instead, I declared that we were going to make it as tough on the criminals as we possibly could.'' Just a few years ago, before Lanier and Nuchia moved into their jobs, Houston was considered a model for community policing -- a concept that has caught on in other big cities looking to rebuild public trust in their police departments.
The chief and the mayor suggested that Los Angeles, which appears to be going the opposite direction, also might be better served by increasing its police force before embarking on new community programs.
The pages passing beneath the camera lens range from the prosaic to the sinister: Heinrich Himmler's expense accounts; Nazi Party membership card No. 899,895, belonging to one Adolf Eichmann; Josef Mengele's dental records and membership sheet in the Nazi Physicians Professional Association; Hermann Goering's suicide notes, scribbled before he swallowed cyanide in 1946.
 Border States Must Improve Infrastructure, Governments Say (Phoenix)  PHOENIX Border states and cities will have to come up with innovative ways to finance infrastructure improvements in the region before they can fully realize the jobs and economic benefits expected from increased U.S.-Mexico trade.
A crowd surrounded the gunman in the parking lot outside a university auditorium where Muhammad had spoken, and beat him before authorities could break up the fight.
 Financial:    NAFTA -- PHOENIX -- Border states and cities will have to come up with innovative ways to finance infrastructure improvements in the region before they can fully realize the jobs and economic benefits expected from increased U.S.-Mexico trade, U.S. government officials say.
 Financial:    NAFTA -- PHOENIX -- Border states and cities will have to come up with innovative ways to finance infrastructure improvements in the region before they can fully realize the jobs and economic benefits expected from increased U.S.-Mexico trade, U.S. government officials say.
They rated a Time magazine cover before degenerating into swap-meet fodder.
A spacious home in an upscale, secluded setting near jogging trails conjured up phrases like ``executive living,'' ``sports enthusiasts take note,'' ``quiet neighborhood.'' But that was before the ``red-light words.'' Duffy Real Estate now avoids the term ``executive''; it could be racist, since most corporate executives are white.
Sometimes when a case is settled before the class is certified by the judge, the notice and claim form are combined, and an investor may opt out at that point, Toll said.
There are about 6,600 members of this unique and exclusive group; to qualify, an applicant must provide irrefutable evidence her ancestors were early colonizers of what became Texas in the years before 1845.
In the book, Gordievsky said he was mysteriously ordered back to Moscow from London on May 17, 1985, four weeks before the FBI has Ames turning over his list.
``He would have had my blood, too, had I not managed to escape before the KGB had any evidence, other than Ames's tip-off, against me.'' Some British intelligence officials, although accepting the CIA's apology, have come to believe that Gordievsky was uncovered by the KGB's own counterintelligence work and that Ames's information only confirmed an existing suspicion.
The average cost per retiree was $2,735 in 1993, compared with $2,534 the year before.
He first covered the California congressional delegation before his beat was expanded to include all of Congress.
He was an avid sportsman who enthusiastically pursued tennis, golf and body surfing, and, in fact, scored 81, with two birdies, in a golf match four days before entering the hospital for the last time this month.
Most were in their 20s, or teen-agers, when they came to work before D-Day.
All the club members were on the job before President Clinton was born, before TV or CDs or PCs, and when the outcome of World War II was still in doubt.
(Begin optional trim) Like the British before them, many of India's high and mighty fled the burning plains of northern India for the cooler hills.
The weatherman's outlook was bad news for people across North India, who must expect another month of intense heat before the arrival of the cooling rains of the monsoon, expected to reach Delhi June 29.
You can replace all other components quickly and go on as before.
Diplomats had called these talks the Somali factional leaders' last chance to reach a compromise and set up a government before the Security Council voted to shorten the mandate of the U.N. mission to just six more weeks.
He returned to the United States in 1990 as a university chaplain in California, but before long, he said, he grew tired of church politics there.
Inside the structure, they built three floors where before there had been soaring space and stained-glass windows, and they stacked shelves with documents and books.
He calls his program ``new and vigorous,'' although each of the individual points has been debated or acted on before.
``Go back to Oxford, you traitor, draft-dodger,'' a man yelled from the rear of the white marble amphitheater before being hurried out.
After returning safely home, he was killed in a car accident six months later, three months before Clinton was born.
 U.S. Aims to Head Off Threat of African Famine (Addis Ababa)  ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia A high-level U.S. aid delegation said Monday it aims to mobilize an urgent global response to food shortages in eastern Africa before they grow into full-blown famine.
Still, it could be weeks before the details are worked out.
My conscience is clear and my 42-year record as an elected official is one I am pround to once again run on.'' The statement by Rostenkowski, chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, came the day before sources have said United States Attorney Eric H.
Olsen recited a list of nurses who had served in U.S. wars, beginning with Clara Barton in the Civil War and ending with Frances Slanger, a little-known nurse who was killed in Belgium before the Battle of the Bulge.
``It's an honor and a privilege to be there when you open your eyes and say, ``Hiya, babe.' '' Clinton's speech in the cemetery's Memorial Amphitheater came just before noon.
Earlier in the morning, before placing a wreath on the Tomb of the Unknowns, he and First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton had been the hosts for a breakfast for World War II veterans and leaders of veterans organizations.
Although the chairman had agonized over the choice before him, the idea of pleading guilty had gone against all his instincts, friends said.
But diplomats said the measure would likely be the last the Security Council will take before considering sanctions, if North Korea continues to unload fuel from the Yongbyon reactor without oversight by the International Atomic Energy Agency.
The United States opted for a ``last-minute appeal rather than a warning,'' a U.S. official said, to secure the cooperation of China before the council is forced to debate punitive sanctions.
In her second marriage, to TV news executive Van Gordon Sauter, she detoured to New York as a corporate wife and Fordham law student before returning west to claim her political heritage.
The day before, an international flotilla with several of the Navy ships will escort England's royal yacht with passengers President Clinton and Queen Elizabeth II from Portsmouth, England, across to the Normandy coast.
``I really wanted to have a book before I was 40,'' Amar recalls him saying.
But by contrast with several past Republican nominees, who had staked out clear ideological positions before being chosen, Breyer has made almost no public comment on constitutional law or on such controversial topics as abortion or privacy rights or affirmative action.
Ordinarily, radishes and onions are pulled before they bloom.
These recipients continue to collect what they were receiving before, but no more.
In the few months you will have the wine before it's consumed, nothing will happen to it if it's kept relatively cool (70 degrees is fine) and out of direct light.
And I do suggest buying at least a case of wine to be sure you'll get good wine before it all sells out, and to have a few extra bottles around in case of emergencies, such as friends popping by unexpectedly, which always seems to happen.
-- Prepare coals well in advance so they have time to reach the correct temperature before the food is cooked.
Count the number of seconds you can hold your hand there before the heat is so uncomfortable you have to pull it away (to count seconds, count one-one thousand; two-one thousand, etc.).
Wash utensils and surfaces that touch raw food with hot soapy water before using them for anything else.
``The night before I wash it and dry it and make sure there are no scales left on it, then I open it up and fill the interior with a paste made of honey and brown sugar.'' You can also put in sprigs of fresh herbs -- dill, tarragon or thyme all work well, she says.
Cherry is also nice.'' With fresh ham, she says, ``before I cook it, I rub it with a combination of freshly grated horseradish and honey.'' The heat from the coals dries out the glaze, and when the ham is sliced, ``you get little tastes of it'' with each slice, she says.
Return to room temperature before cooking.
Narrated by Jane Fonda, ``Century of Women'' utilizes diaries, letters and personal memoirs, never-before-seen archival footage and photographs and interviews with the women who have made a difference.
You work or you don't.'' And he worked, beginning as a ``go-fer'' on ``The New Dick Van Dyke Show,'' shot at his father's small production studio in Arizona, where the elder Van Dyke had decided to ``retire'' before being persuaded to return to television.
After walking to the corner of Jenckes Street, where residents have barricaded their houses with stones against the danger of runaway trucks coasting down the San Francisco-style hillside, you could turn uphill for a few blocks before turning right onto Prospect Street.
It took two operations and weeks of therapy before Lukins was able to leave a wheelchair.
``When you put yourself before the public and say, `this is my work, here it is,''' she says, ``I think they look hard.'' With her book in the stores and more reviews to come, Lukins can only wait and see what the consensus on her solo project will be.
Patients are supposed to receive treatment before entering the United States, said Dr. John Trautman of the National Hansen's Disease Center, but the long incubation period and lack of a simple detection method makes the disease hard to spot.
The fresh mint stirred in just before serving adds not only color but great flavor.
Be sure to make the jerk sauce at least an hour ahead so the flavors can meld before marinating.
``This is why we must take action before a major nuclear incident occurs.'' The action he contemplates is establishing an FBI office in Moscow itself, there to work with Russian police and security officials to combat a wave of criminality engulfing the states of the former Soviet Union.
Freeh's outspoken warnings before a Senate subcommittee mark a shift in the Clinton administration's handling of this scary matter.
With its stealthy 10-year latency, that means thousands infected by the HIV virus in the mid-1980s, before they learned how to protect themselves, will soon start to develop symptoms and die.
But those new to Grisham might want to preview his earlier work at the library before investing $25 in a new hardcover.
``But I still love that wall,'' he whispered to the moon just before he fell asleep.
No way can the Barney people sew up the whole idea of being a purple dinosaur, but how close to Barneyness can you get before you cross some kind of line?
(Please note that some books may be in stores the month before their official publication date.) BIOGRAPHY, MEMOIRS: ``All's Fair: Love, War and Running for President'' by Mary Matalin and James Carville with Peter Knobler (Random House, August) is a joint memoir by the now-married political rivals who were on opposite sides of the campaign fence during the 1992 presidential election.
He writes: ``There were days during this time (before Gary was executed) that I wanted to kill the world.
``Winnipeg is like nowhere you've ever been before,'' promised information director Mike O'Hearn.
Environmentalists have proposed putting fluorescent leggings on local cows so motorists will able to moo-ve over before they hit them.
WASHINGTON The fight for a tougher human-rights policy toward China was lost long before President Clinton announced surrender last week.
It was Turing, building on cryptanalytic breakthroughs made before the war by a band of brilliant Polish mathematicians, who led the frenzied intellectual scramble at Bletchley Park, aided by several thousand tireless young female clerks and the army of abstract academics one clerk remembers as ``just absolute boffins.
Nearly one-fifth of the workers arrived in the final few months before the invasion, as the code-breakers geared up for the blizzard of messages anticipated as the destruction of German land lines would force more and more Wehrmacht communiques onto the airwaves, and as the code-breakers raced to read them in time to give them tactical value.
Any landing anywhere else before that would probably be just a feint.
Several weeks before D-Day, Foot, an intelligence officer with the British Army's Special Air Services Brigade, was ordered by his commanding officer to prepare a deception of his own.
Levy said the American Academy of Pediatrics is promoting these principles: Be certain youngsters are in good physical condition before playing ball, are aware of proper nutrition and know the importance of warm-up and stretching exercises.
I phoned and faxed Italy weeks before I left home, but failed to book a seat until the last minute -- and then only after I showed up at the box office.
If you want to reserve seats before you depart, at least four U.S.-based organizations book shows in Great Britain, France, Russia and elsewhere in Europe.
Even if the box office is sold out, you may be able to buy from a ticket holder on the street, and many theaters sell standing-room tickets an hour or two before performances and, at the last minute, reserved tickets that have not been picked up.
He had turned 17 the day before.
   DDAY-PLANS -- BLETCHLEY, England -- At an estate near London, an anonymous army of 7,000 worked to confuse Hitler and his forces just before the secret D-Day attack.
For instance, the American Automobile Association estimated before the holiday that 25 million people used a car, light truck or recreational vehicle to drive more than 100 miles from home this weekend, while another 3.5 million traveled that distance by airplane, train or bus.
Over carry-out pizzas in Blinder's quarters in the Old Executive Office Building one night shortly after the inauguration, they estimated that the economy's growth rate cycle eventually would reach 3.3 percent in 1994 before settling down to a comfortable noninflationary growth rate of 2.5 percent in 1996 and the years beyond.
``I am doing exactly what the Good Witch Glinda advised Dorothy to do in her quest to find the Wizard of Oz. It is always best to start at the beginning.'' So first he will build the four-story ``Whitewater Inn.'' Then he will expand with the construction of six-, 10-, 20-story and larger structures, before going public with a stock offering to raise the money for the Trail of Tears Tower.
Trinsey acquired the land for his Rebel Hill development, near Philadelphia, in 1959, and did manage to build a few town houses before facing foreclosure on a $7 million loan.
Clinton represented McDougal's S L in 1985 before the state securities commissioner (appointed by her husband, then the governor) on a plan that would allow the thrift to sell preferred stock to boost its capital reserves and meet federal regulators' demands.
10, 1983, letter obtained by the RTC, Giroir wrote McDougal that he was submitting a new bill ``pursuant to your discussions with Hillary Rodham Clinton.'' While the savings and loan matter was pending before the state commission, McDougal indicated an interest in ways Mrs.
``I need to know everything you have pending before the Securities Commission as I intend to get with Hillary Clinton within the next few days,'' McDougal wrote to Madison President John Latham in a July 11, 1985, internal Madison memo obtained by the RTC.
Now it's become: ``I'm gonna turn on my PC or Mac and scan through my mail.' And there's 300 messages, and a lot of it is junk and a lot is hidden, and you might delete some accidentally, and before you know it, it's 10 a.m.'' VanBelleghem says he's attempting to limit his morning mail call to 45 minutes.
As it is, Sagansky, like NBC's Brandon Tartikoff before him, may be jumping ship at the right moment.
But it remains to be seen whether Thai authorities could try him based on foreign evidence for offenses committed before a new Thai conspiracy law took effect.
Suchinda's accession to the premiership then prompted massive protests in which hundreds of democracy demonstrators were killed by the army before Suchinda was forced to resign.
If the crew did all their drinking on the ground before the more than three-hour flight, the copilot would have had a blood alcohol content nearing 0.1, considered legally drunk in many countries.
Some officials would like to see a greater American involvement, although Rabin has made clear he wants to get the Gaza-Jericho agreement with the Palestinians implemented before pressing ahead with territorial concessions on the Golan Heights.
Even before Tuesday's indictment, incumbents were nervous about the voters' mood this year.
Consumers, on balance, remain fairly confident.'' However, somewhat fewer respondents described business conditions as ``good'' and a few more said they were ``bad'' than the month before.
Blackmun, wrote in a dissent that the majority view ``underestimates the importance of freedom of speech for the more than 18 million civilian employees of this country's federal, state and local governments, and subordinates that freedom to an abstract interest in bureaucratic efficiency.'' Yet, O'Connor's opinion does offer government workers more protection than they had before Tuesday's ruling in Waters v.
Some spoke of a virtual division of labor between Gibbons and Rostenkowski while others predicted the Floridian, who even before Rostenkowski's indictment publicly expressed his eagerness to take over, will reject any notion of power-sharing.
(End optional trim) The Chicago congressman had few peers when it came to taking free trips to make speeches before special interest groups at locations conveniently close to a golf course.
Officials say that, at this rate, it could be only days before the evidence is destroyed.
``He understands juries here, and he certainly understands politicians,'' says a former colleague on the Washington, D.C., Superior Court, where Holder served five years before President Clinton appointed him as Washington's top prosecutor last July.
``The ruling shows that water quality and water quantity are strictly intertwined, and have to be treated together under the Clean Water Act,'' said Katherine Ransel of American Rivers, a watchdog group that brought the case before the Supreme Court.
They point to the fact that Gibbons has already told the Ways and Means Committee staff it will remain intact and it is expected to continue working on the bill Rostenkowski has been fashioning even in the final days before his criminal indictment.
In a compromise, Council members voted 15-0 to the four-month extension instead of the previous six-month periods and to reassess the mission before the end of July.
But Somalia has forced the United Nations to ponder how long it should wait for warring leaders to settle their differences before U.N. officials pull back their support and conclude they have done all they can.
In their absence, approvals can come from officials of the White House counsel's office -- but no longer, as before, by the chief of administration.
(Optional add end) Holder expected an arraignment before Johnson in about 10 days, but he said a trial date would be hard to predict because defense motions could cause long delays.
Rostenkowski is expected to plead not guilty before a federal judge here within the next 10 days.
In September 1993, the employee was asked to testify before a grand jury investigating Rostenkowski.
``The engraver (employee) went to see the congressman's administrative assistant in Washington, who had earlier told him that Rostenkowski's campaign committee was paying for lawyers for people called before the grand jury,'' Holder said.
Rarely have Rostenkowski's legendary deal-making skills been more sorely needed than now, when Clinton is asking a Democratic Congress to take a risky leap on health care reform shortly before an election when many political futures are at stake.
Last September the engraver was subpoenaed to testify before the federal grand jury looking into Rostenkowski.
What we're dealing with is, why?'' (Optional Add End) Bess was arraigned Tuesday afternoon before Riverside Municipal Court Judge Gary Tranbarger.
