The number of dollars spent to earn a domestic freebie -- usually available after flying 20,000 miles -- typically ranges from $3,626 to $6,555, he said.
(On Southwest Airlines, the average passenger gets a free trip after 7,104 miles because freebies are awarded by that carrier after eight round trips rather than a mileage minimum.) Blyskal says his accounting system gives airlines the benefit of the doubt in every aspect and was based on the programs as they stand now  -- before the program devaluations most airlines plan starting next year.
 TRAVEL NOTES: Island Crime, Legroom Aloft, Shipshape  The State Department is taking a wait-and-see attitude after an American tourist was seriously injured in an attack May 10 by a man with a machete on a remote stretch of beach in the Cayman Islands.
Boy, after 45 minutes, those endorphins were really flowing.'' The idea is that endorphins are chemicals that, under certain circumstances, begin squirting out of somewhere inside your head and making your brain feel better.
One hour after the parks open to the general public, major attractions have major lines.
It reminded me of the racetrack at Saratoga -- all red turrets and Victorian balustrades -- after Mary Poppins had taken over and banned all the betting.
Burton points out that between 1957, after ``West Side Story '' opened, and 1971, when his ``Mass'' had its premiere at the Kennedy Center in Washington, Bernstein managed just two works: the ``Kaddish'' Symphony and ``Chichester Psalms.'' The two works together total less than an hour of music.
The United States designed the trials in the heady days after World War II.
Like the United Nations and the World Bank, the Nuremberg trials were an integral part of the postwar new world order that the wise men of the American establishment attempted to create after 1945.
As Persico puts it, Speer presented himself to the court ``not as a man pleading for his life, but as one who had something valuable to tell them, someone with a vision born of redemption after immersion in evil.'' Indeed, as Speer had correctly calculated, his contrition contrasted starkly with the stonewalling of his colleagues.
(Begin optional trim) For instance, he sheds a different sort of light on Kenesaw Mountain Landis, the iron-willed judge credited with bringing baseball back from the brink after the 1919 Black Sox scandal.
718-855-3878, fax 718-855-3687.) Shaw, who was born in Rome and lived in Italy for more than a decade, started her consulting business in 1988 after spending four years leading walking tours through the country.
I learned that the Amish (pronounced AH-mish, after founder Jakob Ammann) are descendants of German-speaking Anabaptists, who believe the decision to be baptized should be made as an adult.
27, 1777 -- when Congress stopped there after fleeing from Philadelphia.
It is the gray in the face of a professional entertainer the morning after a late night.
And then, after a couple of centuries, they were gone; leaving behind a fragmented culture resting on a jumbled, conflicting, half-dreamed past.
Presented as the events unfolded, the movie begins soon after Kristin, a star athlete and straight-A student, disappeared on April 20, 1993, and follows her parents, Nancy and Larry Coalter, on an emotional ride for nearly seven months.
In Rwanda's killing fields, such grenades and automatic rifles have been weapons of choice, after machetes.
But last year, after the country split into the Czech Republic and Slovakia, both renewed sales.
On page after page, we are confronted by the downright ugliness of suffering, its senselessness.
``A Whole New Life'' is Price's candid account of his ordeal, written, he announces, to furnish others in similar trouble ``a companionable voice that's lasted beyond all rational expectation.'' He has written it years after the white heat of the events and from the vantage of the crippled survivor.
He must know that two-thirds of the American people oppose such a step; that with the first American casualties there will be a clamor for withdrawal of U.S. forces; that the last time Marines marched ashore in Haiti, in 1915, they were there 19 years, and after taking 126 combat and non-combat casualties left behind a trained -- and oppressive -- military.
Paige was at least 42 (some say 44 or even 48) when Cleveland Indians owner Bill Veeck finally brought him to the big leagues in 1948, a year after Jackie Robinson broke the color barrier.
(Child protection authorities did this once after Vanity Fair reported she had used heroin while pregnant.) Harrison posted a copy of the letter he sent the White House describing his proposal for a ``Kurt Cobain Foundation for Suicide Prevention'' and asked that he be invited to meet with the president and Chelsea to discuss the details.
Only after I had my visa could I proceed through immigration to baggage claim and customs.
Queen Victoria, after reading ``Alice's Adventures in Wonderland,'' said she wanted to read Carroll's next book, which turned out to be a treatise on simultaneous linear equations.
While acetominophen is safe and easily administered to newborns, the researchers said, ``the pain of circumcision is too severe to be controlled by a mild analgesic.'' Acetaminophen (the active ingredient in Tylenol) does seems to work against persistent discomfort at six hours after circumcision, however, according to a study by University of Rochester School of Medicine and Dentistry researchers.
The new study, in line with previous research, concluded that circumcised newborns do experience great and persistent pain during and after the surgery, based on crying, increased heart and breathing rates and other measurements.
Breast-milk GnRH may be especially important to a newborn rat, since rat brains are still largely undeveloped even after birth.
 Financial:    TRADE -- WASHINGTON -- Three months after U.S.-Japanese ties stumbled to a new low point, negotiators on both sides agree to resume trade talks, with White House officials painting a bright picture.
A few months after that, he was taken prisoner at the Battle of the Bulge, survived a massacre of other prisoners, then had to return to help identify the bodies.
Less than five years after the fall of the Berlin Wall sent the Communist regimes of Eastern Europe tumbling like dominoes, both Poland and Lithuania have put former Communist parties back into office, and Hungary is about to follow suit, with the Socialist Party poised for a commanding victory in runoff elections there May 29.
He said women entering the country on a ``fiancee visa'' must be married within 90 days, and they are granted permanent resident status after two years.
Titled ``Hillary the Pol,'' this exhaustively researched piece portrays her basically as the CEO of the Clinton political partnership, the shrewd operator who resurrected his (and their) career after he lost the Arkansas governorship in 1980, and who in many ways still guides it today.
In one instance, she describes how, after Bill's gubernatorial defeat, Hillary set out to neutralize an Arkansas newspaper columnist who had been an antagonist of Bill's.
This week, after two years in the lab -- two years of careful cleaning, high-tech examination and painstaking repair -- it goes on view again.
His beatific demeanor changes only after he gets a letter saying that the reincarnated spirit of his late teacher, Lama Norje, has been located.
When Axel gets to Beverly Hills this time around, he's chasing a gang of cop killers who eluded him in Detroit after an opening shootout that's a good example of both false advertising -- the action's never this hot again -- and director John Landis' debauched way with movie violence.
Resolving some of the recent ambiguity about the Russian government's relations with the Atlantic alliance, Grachev said after meeting with NATO defense ministers that Russia would definitely join the military-cooperation program, which is designed to create a new security system for Europe with NATO as its foundation.
He said he would provide details Wednesday after meeting again earlier that day with Defense Secretary William J.
Grachev said that after the two documents were complete, he or Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev would be prepared to visit NATO headquarters ``to sign the two documents, that is, the doctrine of Partnership for Peace and our document on the collaboration of Russia.'' During the 90-minute session, Grachev spent most of his time elaborating on Russia's new military doctrine.
But NATO Deputy Secretary General Sergio Balanzino said after a meeting of the alliance's defense ministers earlier in the day that there could be no question of drawing up a formal separate agreement for the Russians.
 Jericho Sealed Off So Palestinian Police Can Organize (Jerusalem)  JERUSALEM Israel sealed off the West Bank town of Jericho Tuesday to give Palestinian police more time to organize themselves after two armed Jewish settlers were mistakenly detained by police who also temporarily confiscated their weapons.
``Legally, most of the 2,500 military orders issued by the Israelis became null and void with their withdrawal last week, and so Arafat re-established the legal framework for everyday life.'' The Palestinian Authority, which will administer the Gaza Strip and eventually most of the West Bank under the autonomy agreement with Israel, will soon be faced with the task of adopting a basic law and then extensive civil and criminal codes after elections planned for October.
``I always said we were a bloody conservative organization,'' ANC spokesman Carl Niehaus quipped, only partly in jest, as he walked out of parliament after the speech.
Jacob, who is retiring after a 30-year association with the league, the last 12 as its president.
He was overthrown in a military coup in September 1991, six months after becoming Haiti's first democratically elected leader.
They are killers, and they would hunt us down.'' (End optional trim) The RPF fighters are mostly Rwandan Tutsi refugees whose families escaped to Uganda after a 1959 revolution that ended 400 years of Tutsi domination over the Hutus, who represent 90 percent of Rwanda's 8 million people.
But the final arrangements were not worked out until last Friday, after Luong's visit, when Assistant Secretary of State Winston Lord signed the documents spelling out the details.
Administration officials have said the United States will not establish formal diplomatic relations with Vietnam until after Hanoi cooperates further in the task of accounting for Americans missing in action during the war.
 Japanese Foreign Minister Announces Trade `Understanding' With U.S.  TOKYO Smiling and clearly relieved after three months of angry silence, Foreign Minister Koji Kakizawa said late Tuesday night the world's two biggest economic powers had gone through a tortured series of negotiations but finally been able to ``give birth to an understanding.'' The understanding to restart trade talks was no easy birth and largely symbolic, but after a bitter and acrimonious dispute it was greeted in Japan as a clear sign that U.S.-Japanese relations are heading along the right path and toward agreement on substantive points.
Perry told reporters after Grachev's news conference that he still does not know precisely what demands Moscow will make.
 Intensive Breast Cancer Tests May Not Prolong Life  Women who routinely undergo intensive tests, X-rays and bone scans after treatment for breast cancer do not live longer than women who rely on routine physical exams and mammograms, two studies show.
In the other study, researchers in Florence followed 1,243 women for five years after breast cancer surgery, determining that X-rays and bone scans should be limited to patients with suspicious symptoms.
The author has sold the film rights to his partially written new novel to Scripps Howard Productions, according to Variety -- and just a few months after the president said he loved his last novel, ``The Concrete Blonde.'' 
``No more should words like kaffirs, hottentost, coolies, boy, girl and baas be part of our vocabulary.'' (Optional Add End) The speech came after a ceremonial opening of the session, including a 21-gun salute and a flyover by air force jets.
The country once hoped to be the first working democracy in the Arabian Peninsula, but it has been in political disarray since shortly after its formation four years ago by the merger of conservative Muslim North Yemen and Marxist South Yemen.
Elizabeth Furse, D-Ore., dropped her proposed amendment to terminate C-17 production after next year.
 Mandela Outlines His Plan for First 100 Days (Cape Town)  CAPE TOWN, South Africa Two weeks after a negotiated revolution swept him into power as this country's first black president, Nelson Mandela laid out his vision for the new era Tuesday with a promise to create jobs and ease the wretched conditions in which most blacks live.
Perhaps you feel you are a martyr.'' Federal authorities broke the case last year after tracing the rented van to Salameh through an identification number found on a piece of debris.
Salameh, like the other defendants, said in remarks before sentencing that the months-long jury trial had been infected with bias because of unfair treatment by ``the media in the United States and Europe.'' He and his accomplices also objected that after firing their court-appointed lawyers two months ago, Duffy prohibited them from retaining famed civil rights lawyer William Kunstler to handle their appeals.
20, 1991, after seven months as Haiti's only democratically elected president.
 U.S., Japan Agree to Resume Trade Talks (Washn)  WASHINGTON Three months after U.S.-Japanese ties sank to their lowest point in the Clinton administration, negotiators agreed Tuesday to resume trade talks, with U.S. officials painting a suddenly sunny picture of one of the country's most important, but troubled, relationships.
The author was Ingrid Jonker, who committed suicide in 1965 after breaking with her father, a conservative Afrikaner legislator, over the injustice and indignity of apartheid.
Ramaphosa, who was widely acclaimed as the ANC's chief negotiator for the interim constitution, declined to join Mandela's Cabinet after he was passed over as deputy president.
Israel sealed off Jericho for 24 hours after a policeman disarmed and detained three Jewish settlers who had come to town to change money.
20, 1991, after seven months as Haiti's only democratically elected president.
Mancillas talked Tuesday with the family of Mario Aburto Martinez at the office of their lawyer two days after Aburto's mother and five other relatives crossed the border illegally from Tijuana and requested political asylum, alleging that they had been harassed and threatened.
But the new account comes after weeks in which the family's statements to the news media have changed several times, causing Mexican officials and others to privately question their credibility.
Bob Packwood, R-Ore., the committee's ranking Republican, will work together in drafting the initial version of a health care bill to be presented to their committee after the Memorial Day break, Packwood said.
She returned to the station after two months but, according to associates, has often refused to reduce her workload, although the need for her to do so was painfully evident.
 New Attorney General Shakes Up Federal Police (Mexico City)  MEXICO CITY Just 10 days after taking office, Mexico's new attorney general Tuesday announced a radical reorganization of the Federal Judicial Police, starting with the firing of five top commanders and the elimination of special details within the force.
U.S. District Judge Kevin Duffy, who angrily addressed the defendants after overseeing the 5½-month trial, called the four ``cowards'' for planting a bomb during the lunch hour of Feb.
You are not going to change what God has dictated.'' ``You are the biggest hypocrite in the room,'' Duffy responded after Ayyad sat down.
You violated the laws not only of man but of God.'' Although some of the conspirators shouted angrily at the jury after their conviction on March 4, Tuesday was the first time they had spoken at length in the courtroom.
Mahmud Abouhalima, 34, of Woodbridge, N.J., told of being tortured by Egyptian police who captured him when he fled to Egypt after the bombing and turned him over the U.S. authorities.
``You're not some guy on vacation.'' Before the four were sentenced, Ed Smith, whose pregnant wife was killed in the blast, read an appeal to the judge that the four would be ``held in custody for the duration of their days on this Earth.'' Smith said that after the explosion, he began calling his wife Monica's office.
Kathleen deLaski, the Pentagon spokeswoman, said the decision to have Army Secretary Togo West oversee the issue was taken after Newsday inquiries.
The divergent visions of the accord, hammered out after five days of feverish negotiations and numerous phone calls between top level of officials in Washington and Tokyo, typified the sort of ambiguity and confusion that has clouded relations between world's two largest economies for much of the past decade.
He criticized the jury, the values of American men ``who worship money'' and ``only see women by their thighs.'' Abouhalima fled the United States four days after the bombing and was arrested a week later at his father's home near Cairo, Egypt.
He was overthrown in a military coup in September 1991, six months after becoming Haiti's first democratically elected leader.
Two days after Pennock denied permission for ``Zoot Suit,'' Obata was ordered to go home for the rest of the semester.
Mazzoli (D), who is retiring after 24 years.
Andrus (D) is retiring after four terms.
Jim Guy Tucker (D), who succeeded Clinton after the 1992 presidential election, is unopposed in the Democratic gubernatorial primary.
Now, seven years after Villafana's face was featured on McDonald's posters in Latino neighborhoods as the lucky young woman who had beaten the odds and won a lifetime income, the company also has filed suit to make them give back more than $330,000.
``You can't get blood from a turnip,'' said Carolyn Olivares, who with her husband, Tony, were Villafana's guardians until she moved out of their Montebello townhouse soon after she began collecting the prize money.
Her car, a Toyota Corolla she had purchased soon after receiving her first check, was repossessed.
The United Nations and its aid agency have observed strict neutrality throughout their nearly two years in Bosnia, feeding nearly all of the population still left here after 200,000 deaths and the flight to other countries of as many as half of the 2 million displaced.
Rules adopted by the FCC after Congress passed the 1991 Telephone Consumer Protection Act require that charges be specified up front and that customers be given a reasonable time to hang up without charge.
Two weeks after Moore's roommate Tanya left, she surfaced in Minnesota to plead guilty to an earlier charge of phone credit card fraud.
It was all the arguments that Nixon was, after all, a great, or at least forgivable man for all the liberal things he did: cozying up to the Chinese and the Russians, having a Keynesian domestic economic agenda, supporting the arts, behaving charitably to blacks and Jews and all the things that on the miles of yet unreleased National Archives tapes we will some day discover Nixon actually despised with a curiously perverse and almost touching envy.
The court proceedings have arisen from the lavish lifestyle that characterized the old-guard Teamster chieftain, and a widow who refused to change that style after he succumbed to brain cancer.
Nineteen years later, he fled again after the Arabs lost the 1967 Arab-Israeli war.
Arafat and Halima's other stepson, Sabar, 25, are almost home after serving in exiled Palestinian brigades in Iraq and Libya both during and after the 1991 Persian Gulf War.
He learned that news from his father, in the same way many Gazans kept up with relatives in Egypt after occupation.
   Consumers and personal finance:    TRUSTS -- Creating the right trust can ensure the proper distribution of an estate after death and keep the IRS from taking a huge chunk away; Lisa Berger, author of a book about retirement planning called ``Feathering Your Nest,'' recommends a Qualified Terminable Interest Property Trust, or QTIP.
    Consumers and personal finance:    TRUSTS -- Creating the right trust can ensure the proper distribution of an estate after death and keep the IRS from taking a huge chunk away; Lisa Berger, author of a book about retirement planning called ``Feathering Your Nest,'' recommends a Qualified Terminable Interest Property Trust, or QTIP.
But Klein, boldly marking new territory in the disease, says, ``That's a mistake.'' He said that since the 1950s he has listened to patient after patient complain of panic attacks that left them gasping for breath, and feeling that they were going to die.
It is named after the mythological water nymph whose father turned her lover's every minute, involuntary movement into a voluntary act.
The Ondine children can't breathe when asleep, and thus many die soon after birth.
Bergman's ``Honeymoon in Vegas'' in 1992, after all, while not really a sleeper, nevertheless became a big hit with audiences.
But Hillary Clinton had to face such questions before and after her husband came to office.
The morning after Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis died, Hillary Clinton told CNN how grateful she was for conversations that the two first ladies had had about ``how she had managed so well to carve out the space and privacy that children need to grow into what they have a right to become.'' To be a role model in the 1990s, Goodwin said, takes a woman like Hillary Clinton, who can dazzle the Senate with her intellect rather than her wardrobe.
One month after delivery, women still complained of breast problems, fatigue, hemorrhoids, poor appetite, constipation, increased sweating, acne, hand numbness or tingling, dizziness and hot flashes.
Three months after delivery, many of these symptoms continue, the study reported, while 40 percent of mothers also reported pain during sexual intercourse, as well as respiratory infections and hair loss at three to six months.
And 20 percent reported problems related to sexual function one year after childbirth, says researcher Dwenda K.
Yet, according to Gjeringen's study, the postpartum adjustment period is especially hard for women who return to the work force --  about half of all new mothers -- soon after childbirth.
That goes on for months.'' Some new mothers also feel pressure to lose all their added weight a couple months after childbirth.
He shouted ``Hey!'' and came after me, red-faced and snorting fire, and cornered me in an alley about a block away.
She was shot dead by grocer Soon Ja Du after the two had struggled over a $1.79 bottle of orange juice.
RU-486, manufactured by the French company Roussel Uclaf, is also used outside the United States as a contraceptive ``morning after'' pill which prevents a fertilized egg from implanting in the uterus after unprotected sex.
Most of the protocols today include giving prostaglandins one or two days after RU-486.
Q: How long does it take to expel the embryo after taking the prostaglandin pill?
But the piece was written as the Germans fled the Red Army after their collapse at Stalingrad and it has been argued more recently -- by Ashkenazy, among others -- that the Eighth is more generally about the tragedy of life in a totalitarian system and is filled with fears about the future.
 Protect Estate and Heirs by Setting Up a Trust  You didn't work hard all your life just for the IRS to claim a big chunk of your savings after you die.
Imagine that a husband wants to provide for his new wife after he dies, but he also wants to be sure his children from a first marriage receive some inheritance after she dies.
The husband sets up a trust so that after he dies, his wife will receive the income from the trust.
Parents of a disabled child may want to create a trust to be sure the child is adequately cared for after they die.
However, the tax bite comes after your spouse dies.
   TV-OLDIES -- Two years after Johnny Carson signed off as host of NBC's ``The Tonight Show,'' Buena Vista Home Video is releasing a four-volume collection of his best moments with ``Johnny Carson: His Favorite Moments From `The Tonight Show.' '' 600 words, by Susan King (Times).
``For those who hear their clock ticking....'' That would be the entire audience after two unrelenting hours of procreation talk.
Hugh Grant stars as a marriage-shy young man who keeps running into the very eligible Andie MacDowell at wedding after wedding.
They show what happens to a nest egg of $500,000 after 11 years: It disappears.
Considering the prospect, Wilson tells the narrator: ``Don't you think after 25 years of perfect happiness one ought to be satisfied to call it a day?'' In other words, if he's not dead at 60, Wilson plans to kill himself.
The final assumption is that the nest egg's investments will earn 7 percent a year after taxes.
Rowe Price Associates calculates that if you invest $2,000 a year in a taxable account that earns 9 percent a year, you'll have $183,000 after 30 years.
But in a tax-deferred account, you'll accumulate $297,000 before taxes and $231,000 after taxes.
President Clinton also followed through on his campaign commitment to ``strongly support free, fair, open and expanding trade, including the GATT negotiations.'' A historic GATT agreement was completed after seven years of negotiations.
He has tapped veteran Hill reporter Martin Tolchin, who is retiring from the New York Times after 40 years, as publisher and editor.
 Novelist -- and Onetime Candidate -- Mario Vargas Llosa (Washn)  WASHINGTON Pretend for a moment that Michael Dukakis took off for Zurich three days after he lost the '88 election.
Others were dismayed when he asked Spain last year for dual citizenship, a step he says he was forced to take after harassment and threats by the Peruvian military.
Anne Manuel, acting director of Human Rights Watch/Americas, confirms that ``the situation in Peru after Fujimori's self-imposed coup has worsened dramatically.
It will feature all originals, reflecting some of her ``free time.'' Only one song is old -- ``Stones in the Road,'' which Joan Baez cut for her last album after hearing Carpenter's studio recording.
While expressing some caution about Russia's ambitions to create a special relationship with the Western alliance, NATO ministers warmly welcomed Moscow's willingness to join the partnership program after months of ambivalent and contradictory statements.
Grachev acknowledged that Russia wants to strengthen the Commonwealth of Independent States, the loose confederation of republics that came into being after the breakup of the Soviet Union.
Kerry, D-Mass., who helped lead the fight for Brown's confirmation, said another vote to end the filibuster is possible after Congress returns June 7 from its Memorial Day recess.
Brown ``opposed actions to block communism'' and should not now be put in a position to ``deal with the world after communism,'' argued Sen.
Rebels also pounded army positions near the defense ministry while the army lobbed shell after shell on rebel forces on the outskirts of the city.
One of them on the air Thursday night is Garen Cooke, arrested last year in Colorado after putting in 71 claims in 16 states over 11 years.
He had been living in New York for about a decade when the influx of European modern artists fleeing Hitler arrived, and after World War II he naturally stayed.
After the morning session, the NATO ministers, Grachev and the defense chiefs of the 18 Partnership for Peace member countries posed for what was deliberately dubbed a ``family portrait.'' And Ukraine's defense minister, Vitaly Radetsky, who was scheduled to meet with Perry after the session with Grachev, refused to take offense when the American was late.
``It took years after D-Day to not only end the war, but to build a lasting peace.
Accompanied by a few family members and surrounded by a throng of photographers, Solzhenitsyn began his long-awaited journey homeward shortly after noon.
Winner of the Nobel Prize for literature in 1970 for his powerful novels dissecting Stalinism and the Soviet state, Solzhenitsyn chose this spot after being expelled in 1974 from the then Soviet Union on the grounds that his writings had slandered the Soviet state.
He continued to write books that nettled the communists -- including the multi-volume historical novel ``The Red Wheel'' -- and elected to remain here well after the collapse of the Soviet empire.
 Federal Review Board Member Cleared of Harassment Charges (Washn)  WASHINGTON A White House review has cleared a Merit Systems Protection Board member of sexually harassing an employee and then firing her after she complained about his conduct, administration officials said Wednesday.
The White House commissioned the investigation after receiving requests for an inquiry from members of the House and Senate committees charged with overseeing government operations.
The date after the woman sought EEO counseling, the letter said, Amador fired her and ordered her escorted out of the office immediately.
Soldiers were sent into ``hot'' areas shortly after detonation to retrieve equipment.
In January, after meeting with Syrian President Hafez Assad, President Clinton said the Syrian told him he was ready to seek full peace, including normal diplomatic relations.
But after the theft of the first bust and two replacements, those responsible for maintenance of the grave site decided the busts' disappearing act was too costly to go on.
Advocates of lifting the ban tried to force a House vote on the issue Tuesday, but Democratic leaders postponed it until after Clinton returns from the D-Day trip.
They envisioned a massive, collapsing object (a star or group of stars) whose gravitational pull is so powerful that nothing -- not even light -- can come out again after it has crossed the hole's threshold, known as the ``event horizon.'' Within this singular object, normal time and space come to a halt.
Salpeter of Cornell University, after seeing the new Hubble data, said, ``A black hole is now the least crazy model for what we're seeing.'' Thirty years ago, Salpeter and a Russian astronomer independently wrote papers essentially predicting Wednesday's findings.
They envisioned a massive, collapsing object (a star or group of stars) whose gravitational pull is so powerful that nothing -- not even light -- can come out again after it has crossed the hole's threshold, known as the ``event horizon.'' Within this singular object, normal time and space come to a halt.
Salpeter of Cornell University, after seeing the new Hubble data, said, ``A black hole is now the least crazy model for what we're seeing.'' Thirty years ago, Salpeter and a Russian astronomer independently wrote papers essentially predicting Wednesday's findings.
Riegle theorized that gas was released into the atmosphere after the bombing of Iraqi munitions dumps.
Kriese responded: ``The question is -- where are the very sick people, the people with very high exposure?'' After studying aerial photographs taken after bombing runs, ``we found no evidence of the deaths we would expect from local release of large amounts of material.'' There were about 1,400 chemical-sensor alarms among American troops.
Virtually none of the more sensitive devices used after these alarms sound confirmed the presence of gas.
No one theorized how transmission of low concentrations of chemical agents might be possible months after contamination and thousands of miles away.
Hughes Aircraft's original headquarters, once famed for its mahogany trimmed walls, also sits vacant and rotting 18 years after the billionaire's death.
 French President Defends His Actions on Bosnia Camps (Bonn)  BONN, Germany French President Francois Mitterrand, defending his apparent failure to investigate concentration camps in Bosnia after a top-level appeal, says that France did more and acted faster than any other country.
Mitterrand went to Sarajevo to ``bear witness with his solidarity, to shake the world's consciousness and to permit President (Alija) Izetbegovic to speak before the world media.'' The controversy emerged after the screening of ``Bosna!'' (Bosnia!), a documentary film directed by French philospher Bernard-Henri Levy that is fiercely critical of official French policy favoring partition of Bosnia-Herzegovina.
In the film, Izetbegovic expressed ``great surprise'' that, after briefing Mitterrand on the camps, the French president ``remained silent'' upon returning to Paris.
It said Izetbegovic mentioned concentration camps during the joint news appearance with Mitterrand June 28 after their private meeting.
Newsday published its first account about purported Serbian death camps July 19, 1992, and two weeks later, after locating witnesses, reported on systematic killing in the camps.) The Elysee statement alleged that the Bosnian government did not even circulate a list of concentration camps until Aug.
``I was urging the position that I strongly feel we must pass health care this year,'' Clinton said after the first of three meetings.
``It's obvious there remains substantial diagreements over how to best proceed,'' Majority Leader George Mitchell, D-Maine, said after the session.
Daniel Moynihan, D-N.Y., chairman of the Finance Committee, to get a bipartisan accord, said after the meeting: ``I said Mr. President, I support mandates.
``We are saying that states that want to try this approach should be able to try it.'' But the so-called ``family cap'' policy inspires even more intense opposition among liberals than the proposed two-year time limit on welfare that is at the center of Clinton's plan, which is now expected to be introduced shortly after he returns from commemorating the 50th anniversary of D-Day in Europe next month.
But after analyzing and rejecting other possible explanations, they stated ``we are unable to offer any other plausible explanation for the lack of odd-eighth quotes.'' (Optional add end) They noted that in rare instances when the stocks were quoted at such prices, the prices typically were posted for less than two minutes before being removed.
According to the papers, after Louisiana State University researcher Dr. Henry Rothschild was turned down in 1981, industry lawyers granted CTR special project funding for his research on genetic and environmental factors in lung cancer.
(End optional trim) Last February, barely 30 days after the Hubble telescope resumed gathering scientific data, it took its first picture of the core of M87.
I am the first one to say it, and I am ready to repeat it.'' Boutros-Ghali vented his frustration at a news conference after pleading for weeks to Western and African governments for soldiers and equipment to provide a 5,500-troop peacekeeping force for the central African nation that since April 6 has been reduced to bloody chaos by a civil war and by tribal conflict.
The Rwandan crisis, and the unwillingness in world capitals to dispatch troops to help resolve it, have highlighted a broad retreat from activism through the United Nations -- extending well beyond the United States -- after ambitious, costly and criticized U.N. operations in Somalia and Bosnia.
-0-  Angela Lansbury is recuperating at home after undergoing hip replacement surgery at Century City Hospital last week, just a couple of days after she completed taping of ``Murder, She Wrote'' for the season.
The arrests came nine days after the Germans were attacked during an apparent robbery, which left Gisela Pfleger dead from gunshot wounds to her head.
Democrats told him, according to participants, that three House committees and two Senate committees are working to craft bills that can win approval, but even the leader of the pack, the Senate Labor and Human Resources Committee, has been forced to delay completion until after the Memorial Day recess, the last unofficial deadline for committee action.
The White House had earlier said the president would meet with Republicans on health care after the recess, but after objections were raised by the congressional relations and communications staffs, the meeting was hastily squeezed in Wednesday.
In the years after China's bloody 1989 crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrations, he pressed for legislation attaching conditions to the renewal of China's trade benefits.
Now, after a year in the White House, Clinton is backing away from Mitchell's policy.
In April, for example, China once again arrested Wei Jingsheng, China's best-known proponent of democracy, who had been released last September after serving more than 14 years in jail.
The Bentonville, Ark., retailer acted after the review board, made up of 70 advertising professionals and public interest members, recommended that the slogan be changed to eliminate references to ``the low price.'' The board recommended that any modified slogan refrain from stating or implying that Wal-Mart's prices are ``always the lowest.'' The panel has no power to enforce its recommendations, but if advertisers refuse to make changes the panel can refer the case to the Federal Trade Commission.
Riegle recalled the Pentagon's reluctance to release information on Agent Orange after the Vietnam War and raised doubts about the effectiveness of devices used in the field to detect the presence of chemical agents.
In some cases, the sensors may have malfunctioned, the officials said, and in others the alarms were discounted after further review.
The U.S. attorney's office in Washington conducted an exhaustive probe of his financial dealings for two years after allegations that surfaced in a probe of the House Post Office.
``We were all walking a foot off the ground for three weeks after we realized what we had found,'' said Holland Ford of the Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore.
``We considered Mike to be a generalist whose range of skills matches the Smithsonian's needs and interests,'' said Barber Conable, the regent who headed the search committee after Heyman stepped down and put his own name into consideration.
He has the ability to come back after hard knocks -- apparently Berkeley is a place where occasionally hard knocks are administered.'' Heyman, who is now counselor to Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt, stood by Conable at an afternoon press conference and smiled guardedly at the litany of praise.
Heyman's election came after a scheduled May 9 vote was postponed when Vice President Gore, a regent, said he wanted to be present.
``She felt strongly that she wanted to fight this case, and fortunately she has the wherewithal to do it.'' She emerged from District of Columbia Superior Court after her trial and found a small swarm of reporters and cameras blocking the path to her limousine, which was double-parked nearby, her chauffeur out and waiting.
Senior Judge Nicholas Nunzio, granting Perazich's motion, dismissed the charge minutes after the prosecution had rested its case.
Police said that after ordering Ramallo out of the Jaguar, they noticed her eyes were watery, her breath smelled of alcohol and her gait was unsteady.
Later, after she changed her mind about the test, the attorney said, police wouldn't allow her to take one, citing her initial refusal.
   BOSNIA-FRANCE -- BONN, Germany -- French President Francois Mitterrand, defending his apparent failure to investigate concentration camps in Bosnia after a top-level appeal, says that France did more and acted faster than any other country.
Other goods directly turned over to World Cup organizers will be given to charities after the official product licenses expire next year.
It is the more so because he pulled it off so cheaply and because it comes so soon after he snatched rights to the National Football League at a price so high he very nearly accomplished the perverse miracle of televising professional football at a loss.
And, of course, it comes only four years after a brush with bankruptcy so close that on cold days Murdoch must still feel the hot breath of the wolves who were ready to liquidate his empire until an obscure bank in Pittsburgh, one of the smallest of his legion of creditors, at the last minute agreed to roll over its minuscule chunk of his indebtedness.
It is in Vladivistok, farther east than any major city in mainland Asia, that Alexander Solzhenitsyn, Russia's greatest living writer, will arrive Friday like some latter-day Rip Van Winkle after 20 years' exile in the West.
But after railing at Moscow's callousness and Russia's lost dignity, he captured the tough optimism of the place by concluding: ``I'm upbeat.
The geography of Vladivostok allows us to hope it will be a center for business for East Asia and the Pacific Rim.'' Founded in 1860 to block China's expansion to the Sea of Japan, Vladivostok (the name means ``Possess the East'') boomed after the Trans-Siberian Railway linked it with Moscow in 1903.
As the home of the Soviet Pacific Fleet, Vladivostok was a closed military camp after World War II, forbidden not only to foreigners who might spy on the bristling warships and weaponry but even to Soviet citizens without special permission.
``The Russian mafia is a good mafia,'' he said after displaying his shotgun for a visitor in the middle of the crowded entryway to his market.
   VARGASLLOSA -- WASHINGTON -- Novelist Mario Vargas Llosa, who left Peru after losing the presidential election and openly criticizing the repressive administration there, talks about politics, human rights and writing.
   VARGASLLOSA -- WASHINGTON -- Novelist Mario Vargas Llosa, who left Peru after losing the presidential election and openly criticizing the repressive administration there, talks about politics, human rights and writing.
Now, with Hall quitting after Friday's show, the music industry is wondering if those artists will be able to ``get busy'' with Leno, Letterman or Hall's expected replacement, Jon Stewart of MTV.
``If you try too hard to be what you're not, that looks strange, too.'' Brown said Hall, after all, was only doing what came naturally to him.
It is part of my objective of presenting possibility to these students: You can have a life after early, unexpected parenthood.
A quarter-century after Bobby's death, Ethel remains his widow, a matronly woman with a horde of children.
Although she and her ex-husband never became friendly after the divorce, they did manage a holiday dinner or two and when their daughter married, walked her down the aisle together.
It means that after your child spends the night at another child's house, you have to do the sleeping part of it over sometime that next afternoon or your child will not be fit to live with.
-- If you go back to bed after your children leave for school and ignore that ringing phone, it will be the school calling to tell you your child is sick and needs to come home.
-- The only time you ever lose weight is after you finally give in and buy something that fits.
Kind of.'' Doherty and Ashley Hamilton split up six months after they tied the knot at a picnic in her back yard.
When Midler and Martin von Haselberg reconnected in October 1984, after having met briefly once before, sparks flew.
She and Donner met one evening at the grocery store, after he tracked the scent of her perfume (Paloma Picasso) down the aisles.
Omaha psychologist Patricia O'Hanlon Hudson said she despairs when she sees a couple ``three months after the marriage that took place two months after they met.'' Yet she called this kind of counseling ``a real opportunity to deal with impulsivity'' -- a trait she equates largely with immaturity.
He has a long way to go, but at least he has gotten negotiators back to the table after a bad 100-day hiatus.
Fifty years after the historic invasion of France by the Allied Expeditionary Forces, a high-visibility program has been planned, but the scheduled events have caused more than a little consternation.
Noticeably absent, however, is Robin Williams as the voice of the blue, shape-shifting, manic-expressive Genie (Williams was miffed about Disney's tight purse strings, particularly after his vocal performance was singled out by every critic as the original's most inspired touch).
But it was apparently not until after Aristotle Onassis' death in 1975, with the twice-widowed Jacqueline living in New York, that they began spending time together.
Tempelsman was one of the financial advisers who helped her multiply the reported $26 million settlement she received after Aristotle Onassis' death.
   MEXICO -- MEXICO CITY -- Mexico denies it is persecuting the family of Mario Aburto Martinez, the accused assassin of presidential candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio, after family members flee Mexico and request U.S. political asylum.
   RUSSIA -- BALASHIKHA, Russia -- Named after feared secret police chief Felix Dzerzhinsky, the Dzerzhinsky Division did the Kremlin's dirty work; in a bizarre display of Western-style public relations, its base is opened to the public.
Johnson says that after the success of ``Grumpy Old Men,'' he's now averaging between $175,000 to $350,000 for his scripts, plus another $175,000 to $200,000 if the films are made.
It's called Ultrazone, and just weeks after opening here it's packing in teenagers and people in their 20s, who come for the adrenaline rush and the chance to feel like characters in an Arnold Schwarzenegger movie, stalking each other down passageways of a space ship.
Kim Abbott, a 17-year-old from nearby Chesterfield, said after playing her third game: ``You get a big rush, because you feel like you actually killed people.'' Bud Whitehouse, who visited Ultrazone on Friday evening with his son and daughter, said he wasn't worried about the violent tone.
It's the Dictabird who gets Fred out of the jam he finds himself in  -- his own bombast, as usual, being partly the cause -- after the nefarious Cliff Vandercave (Kyle MacLachlan) promotes him to vice president at Slate Co. Cliff, a Stone Age yuppie embezzler and one of the two more interesting characters in the film -- the other being Fred's secretary, Sharon Stone, played by the scene-stealing Halle Berry -- needs a dupe to perpetrate the liquidation of Slate Co. So he invites all employees to take an aptitude test, which Barney aces, and Fred fails.
(It is possible, after all, for a mother to be a grudging, reluctant parent without being a child killer.) Right off her aura of cool resignation throws Brann, a sexy ultra-macho type with a traditional view of women's roles as a wife and mother.
The brigade has also put out lists of allegedly corrupt legislators and government officials, but Lagman denied that they were being ``targeted for liquidation.'' The arrest of Lagman came two days after 11 sympathizers of the brigade were detained for participating in an unauthorized street demonstration to mark the 10th anniversary of its founding.
Speaking on the steps of No. 10 Downing Street after a meeting Thursday night, they warned Sinn Fein, the IRA's political arm, that they will not ``wait around'' for the party to respond to their peace overtures.
that his group would make an official response to the Downing Street peace proposal -- but not until after European Parliament elections June 9.
In a private meeting with Democratic leaders that came the day after Democrats lost a traditionally Democratic House seat in Kentucky, the president lashed out at Republicans as obstructionists, ``fanatics'' held hostage to the religious right and a party carrying a message of ``hate and fear.'' House Minority Whip Newt Gingrich, R-Ga., said in an interview Thursday that he was infuriated by Clinton's attacks.
A month after the NAFTA victory, he had risen to 58 percent.
 On Crackdown Anniversary, Dissidents Challenge China (Beijing)  BEIJING Five years after the Chinese army crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrations, seven dissidents publicly petitioned the government Thursday for a reassessment of the 1989 movement and compensation for the families whose relatives were killed or injured.
Gilbert, who was divorced from actor-writer Bo Brinkman in February, was briefly engaged to Boxleitner after her separation from Brinkman.
Frewer also played Cinemax's high-tech talk-show host Max Headroom, which was resurrected by Bravo on cable this year, and he later appeared in the CBS sitcom ``Doctor, Doctor.'' -0-  Thaao Penghlis, who returned recently after an eight-year absence to his role as Count Antony DiMera on NBC's ``Days of Our Lives,'' is nearing the end of a $130,000 refurbishing project at his Los Angeles home, built by architect John Lautner in 1964.
Members of the Government Operations subcommittee on information, justice, transportation and agriculture agreed, promising to mark up the bill shortly after the Memorial Day recess.
The public relations firm became involved in planning a counter-offensive with tobacco company executives after the December, 1953, publication of a study by researchers at the Sloan-Kettering Institute in New York that showed that cigarette tar condensate causes fatal cancers when painted on the skin of mice.
One early Hill and Knowlton memo written shortly after the release of the study advised that ``the underlying purpose of any activity at this stage should be reassurance of the public through wider communication.
   TV-OLDIES -- Two years after Johnny Carson signed off as host of NBC's ``The Tonight Show,'' Buena Vista Home Video is releasing a four-volume collection of his best moments with ``Johnny Carson: His Favorite Moments From `The Tonight Show.' '' 600 words, by Susan King (Times).
It was enacted after the Supreme Court ruled last year that an 1871 civil rights law could not be used to halt antiabortion protests and a Justice Department review concluded existing statutes were inadequate to deal with the growing problem.
The apparent perpetual shadows on the moon's south pole were discovered after photographs of the pole were animated into a kind of movie.
Administration officials said the Clinton welfare-reform bill will be introduced after June 9, when the president returns from commemorating the 50th anniversary of D-Day in Normandy.
One was later found dead, while a second survived after she was heard crying in crash debris.
Named after Felix Dzerzhinsky, founder of the Bolshevik secret police, the Dzerzhinsky Division liquidated czarist sympathizers, worked out the formula for the Molotov cocktail and trained snipers to torment Adolf Hitler's armies.
The 14-year-old Holocaust museum, run by the Jewish Federation Council of Greater Los Angeles, sponsored Thursday's lecture in response to the controversy that erupted after some black high school students in Oakland were kicked out of a movie theater for laughing at scenes of the murder of Jews in ``Schindler's List.'' Educators, struggling to get students interested in history that seems long ago and far away, said they believe the greater scope of genocide will hit home to African American students if they are taught that people of African descent were also been persecuted by the Nazis.
Blanchard made front-page headlines Thursday after he publicly accused U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy of anti-Canada agitation in the midst of the politically charged dispute over Canada's wheat sales to the United States.
They warned against further gains in credibility for the extreme right after Italy became the first West European government in 50 years to embrace a party identified with neo-fascism.
Mitchell, D-Maine, said Mitchell anticipates that Senate hearings could begin ``sometime in July,'' probably about a month after Fiske actually completes the first phase of his probe.
Fiske asked congressional leaders in March to delay hearings that would delve into aspects of his broad investigation until after his staff has interviewed relevant witnesses.
But she acknowledged in April, three weeks after her trades were first disclosed, that Blair actually placed most of the trades.
For example, after trading five or 10 cattle contracts at a time in October and November 1978, she suddenly took a 60-contract order in December.
The six told U.S. Immigration agents they feared for their lives because of harassment by Mexican authorities since Aburto's arrest immediately after the March 23 assassination.
 White House Aide Forced to Resign After Golf Trip by Copter (Washn)  WASHINGTON A senior White House official was forced to resign Thursday after he and a colleague took the presidential helicopter, Marine One, from Washington to a private country club near Camp David, Md., for an afternoon golf game Tuesday.
David Watkins, director of the White House Office of Administration and one of the Arkansas friends President Clinton brought with him to Washington, submitted his resignation after his outing with Alphonso Maldon Jr., director of the White House Military Office, became public.
 Law Against Abortion Clinic Protests Challenged in 2 Courts (Washn)  WASHINGTON A broad new federal ban on the use of force or threats to stop abortions ran immediately into constitutional challenges in two courts Thursday just after President Clinton's signature made it a law.
 Watkins Resigns After He Used Military Copter for Golf Trip (Washn)  WASHINGTON White House administrative chief David Watkins, a longtime aide to President Clinton who hails from his hometown of Hope, Ark., resigned Thursday after officials learned he had taken a military helicopter earlier in the week to rural Maryland to play golf.
Corrigan ordered the mural removed after student leaders failed to take action themselves.
But, three years after passage, they would no longer be allowed to engage in ``trending,'' or sharing projections of future losses from such things as theft, fire, floods and earthquakes.
12, 1978 at the price of $56.10 a pound for a profit of $5,300, after commissions.
He also continued some sanctions put in place after the Chinese government crushed the pro-democracy demonstrations five years ago.
In a White House briefing after the president's appearance, national security adviser Anthony Lake disclosed that Clinton had decided ``some weeks ago,'' even before he had the verdict on China's human rights record, to stop holding the issue of trade over Beijing's head.
By contrast, Akihito, tutored in English as a student, and Michiko, the first commoner ever to marry an emperor after a courtship that began on a tennis court, traveled abroad frequently as crown prince and princess.
``With auto output slowing after February, I look for only a 3.5 percent second-quarter GDP growth rate,'' he said.
Thursday in Manhattan, three days after the Fox-is-snatching-eight-CBS-affiliates bombshell, the annual Poltrack Spinorama was jammed by members of the news media (``even Time magazine showed up!'' exclaimed a CBS spokeswoman) hoping for some nugget from CBS executives.
CBS/Broadcast Group president Howard Stringer was on hand to staunchly defend broadcasting in general and CBS in particular -- which after all did cinch the primetime ratings crown for the third year in a row last month and enjoyed what Stringer called ``the most profitable season in history -- don't knock it.
Friday that long exile comes to an end as the famous writer and his family arrive in Vladivostok in the Russian Far East after a two-day journey from Cavendish, Vt., where he spent all but two of his 20 years of banishment in the West.
With his son Stephan, 20, translating, Solzhenitsyn said: ``This was the most creative period in my life and the most productive period in my life.'' He said he hoped to participate in a rebirth of Russia comparable to what occurred in Germany after the fall of the Third Reich, when a ``spiritual and moral'' recovery helped heal the wartime legacy.
In April, they locked up Wei Jingsheng, China's most prominent advocate of democracy, who had been freed last September after more than 14 years in jail.
 Editors: In ROSTY (Eaton Ostrow, Times), insert after 9th graf (adding   Justice Department investigation of Rostenkowski) xxx of office.
 Residents Cheer Silence As Burglar Alarm Is Cut Off (Baltimore)  BALTIMORE A burglar alarm from hell was finally silenced Thursday  -- after six days of nearly constant noise -- when a police officer climbed a ladder in a blinding rainstorm and snipped the wire.
It also frees up technology that licensees added themselves after 1982, he said.
Clinton's decision came after an intensive, sometimes fractious, debate within the administration over what steps to take and how.
 Editors:    Los Angeles Times first-edition Page 1 for Friday, May 27, 1994:    Top of page:    Col 1: To stay or leave, integrate or isolate; these are the questions that plagued the Holocaust survivors who settled in Germany after the Nazi extermination of 6 million European Jews, and that once again weigh on their children and grandchildren, who see a resurgence of anti-Semitism.
   Below fold:    Col 3: White House administrative chief David Watkins, a longtime aide to President Clinton who hails from his hometown of Hope, Ark., resigns after officials learn he had taken a military helicopter earlier in the week to rural Maryland to play golf.
 National:    CLINTON-AIDE-TIMES -- WASHINGTON -- White House administrative chief David Watkins, a longtime aide to President Clinton who hails from his hometown of Hope, Ark., resigns after officials learn he had taken a military helicopter earlier in the week to rural Maryland to play golf.
 Spotlight:    GERMANS -- FRANKFURT, Germany -- To stay or leave, integrate or isolate; these are the questions that plagued the Holocaust survivors who settled in Germany after the Nazi extermination of 6 million European Jews, and that once again weigh on their children and grandchildren, who see a resurgence of anti-Semitism.
Net new cash flow, which measures fund purchases minus redemptions and after adjustment for net exchanges among funds in the same families, was $11.3 billion for stock funds in April, a rebound from March's depressed $6.6 billion but still below the $11.7 billion of April 1993.
Democratic National Chairman David Wilhelm, after meeting with Democratic House leaders Thursday, told Newsday that the DNC would launch a $5 million ad campaign in about a month to boost momentum on health care as the legislation moves to the floor of the House and Senate.
Thursday, after special counsel Robert Fiske Jr. appealed anew for restraint from lawmakers, Speaker Thomas S.
There was another embarrassing fillip Thursday when White House administration director David Watkins was forced to resign after reports he had taken a Marine helicopter to play golf at a suburban course.
Although the $300 million budget item for peacekeeping is a Clinton administration proposal, a senior State Department official said the Pentagon is ``playing a double-game,'' indirectly helping efforts to block that expenditure after agreeing to it for the first time.
Without the $300 million from the Pentagon budget, said the State Department official, ``we will have to look elsewhere for the money, but it is unlikely that we will be able to pay what we owe.'' (Optional add end) Sources said the measure blocking all Pentagon spending on peacekeeping may have enough support to pass, and its opponents have put off a vote until after the Memorial Day recess.
It was, after all, the aerosol can that made the graffiti explosion possible.
``They also know that after awhile they will have to go out to  gymnasium (public high school),'' she said.
These are the questions that plagued the Holocaust survivors who settled in Germany after the Nazi extermination of 6 million European Jews, and that once again weigh on their children and grandchildren who see a resurgence of anti-Semitism.
The result was the re-emergence of the Quebec independence movement after more than a decade in retreat and heightened hostility in the rest of the country, especially the West.
 Derivative-Regulation Bill Introduced (New York)  NEW YORK A day after top banking regulators told Congress they didn't want more legislative authority to supervise financial derivatives, two congressmen have introduced a bill to do precisely that.
   MARKET-BEAT -- Fund investors wax conservative after Fed hikes.
CBS affiliate KSAZ-TV will become the Fox affiliate, leaving CBS the choice of picking up former Fox partner KNXV-TV, which is on Channel 15, or going after the more desirable KPHO-TV, Channel 5.
Should CBS make a run on the ABC or NBC affiliates, whichever network is dislodged would also likely go after KPHO-TV before seeking the UHF independents in the market.
Not my idea of a rock tour.'' So Hynde just ``chilled out altogether, and attended to my first consideration, which was looking after my children.
``Bear in mind that, after all, I am just a girl from Akron, Ohio.
``But it is entertainment, after all.
But after we toured a lot, we got a lot more comfortable playing together as a band, with our percussion player and our keyboard player and everything.
Our tester's four, extra-cost bucket seats proved comfortable even after several hours of driving.
A few weeks ago, it marketed ``Richard Nixon: A Retrospective'' just after he died, for $20, but through mail order only -- that same 800 number.
It simply cannot be otherwise -- not after all that your spiritual predecessors have fought and struggled for, including the marvelous and caring justice for whom you clerked, Arthur Goldberg.
Now, after much speculation about Regan's plans, an announcement this week revealed that Simon Schuster has lost the hard-charging editor to Rupert Murdoch's News Corp.
Not that the members-sovereign states, after all-couldn't later take back their approval.
In any event, let us not slip too casually and uncritically into D-Day celebration of a war that, after all, involved a global cataclysm and caused more than a quarter-million American combat deaths.
It would be difficult, after all, to imagine the old Talking Heads maintaining the emotional balance of a song like ``Crash,'' in which rage and tenderness intermingle in the roaring guitar and swirling percussion.
Fifty years after the Normandy landing, they await a last reunion of the quick and the dead.
China's MFN status was not subject to annual wrangling until after June, 1989, when Chinese tanks rolled into Tian An Men Square in a bloody confrontation with pro-democracy demonstrators.
``Why am I having this dream?!'' I asked my wife after one particularly bad episode.
   GERMANS -- FRANKFURT, Germany -- To stay or leave, integrate or isolate; these questions plague Holocaust survivors, who settled in Germany after the Nazi extermination of 6 million Jews, and weigh on their children and grandchildren.
But after 32 years in Congress, Gibbons, like other longtime veterans, believes he is entitled to his day in the sun.
Not until recently -- after Rostenkowski's legal problems escalated and other senior committee members indicated they would not attempt to challenge Gibbons -- did it become clear that Gibbons would likely fulfill his wish to lead the committee.
The costs of A and B shares tend to even out after eight years.
(If you leave after six years, you pay no withdrawal charge.) The investor also pays an ongoing 0.75 percent a year charge, known as a 12b-1 fee (used to pay brokers), plus a 0.25 percent service fee  -- a total of 1 percent.
And yet the handsome, stylish imperial couple radiated such regal charm and aplomb that they managed to give the imperial tea the feeling of a ``social occasion'' after all.
 Solzhenitsyn Returns to Russia (Vladivostok)  VLADIVOSTOK, Russia Twenty years after being stripped of his citizenship, hustled onto an Aeroflot airliner and sent into unwanted exile, Alexander Solzhenitsyn returned triumphantly home Friday, eager to reacquaint himself with a country he acknowledged had been ``altered beyond recognition.'' The Nobel Prize winner, who spent the last 18 years living quietly in southern Vermont, told a crowd of more than 2,000 people gathered in this port city's main square that Russia had shed communism only to encounter more hardship.
   TICKETS -- LOS ANGELES -- The U.S. Justice Department has begun an antitrust investigation of Los Angeles-based Ticketmaster after a top rock band accused the giant ticket agency of organizing a boycott by promoters of a low-cost concert tour.
The probe began after lawyers for the Seattle rock group Pearl Jam complained on May 6 to the department's antitrust division in Washington.
But the Chinese held back from overt celebration over the diplomatic victory because Clinton also ordered a ban on the $100-million-a-year import of weapons and ammunition, and kept in effect some sanctions established by the Bush administration after the army crackdown on protesters in Tiananmen Square in 1989.
The federal government is trying to figure out what to do with a residue of Tiananmen: 4,500 Chinese who sought asylum here after the uprising but were denied status as refugees.
She left Shanghai in March 1990, after police questioned her for carrying videotapes of the uprising.
``I would like, after these meetings, to help you and search together with you for sure ways to get out of our 75-year quagmire,'' added Solzhenitsyn, who exposed his Soviet tormentors with powerful writings that earned him the Nobel Prize -- and expulsion from his homeland on Feb.
Then, answering a question from the audience, he said that Russia's revival after seven decades of Soviet rule and two years of tumultuous, divisive and stalled democratic reforms would be ``difficult, not soon'' and would ultimately depend on Russians taking responsibility for their own fate.
The spokesman added that even before the Justice Department made its appeal, the panel had not contemplated asking Ames to appear until after the government had concluded its questioning and the committee staff reviewed the results.
Although representatives from three major television networks have either called or sent letters to Ames's attorney asking about interviews, Cacheris said yesterday, ``Mr. Ames is not going to do any interviews until after his wife is sentenced.'' Rosario Ames, who pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit espionage and income tax evasion, is scheduled to be sentenced Aug.
which only time and further study can answer.'' The last universal catechism was issued in 1566 after the Council of Trent, convened to respond to the spread of the Protestant Reformation.
He wrote and rewrote all his own speeches, and he was often a nuisance to his colleagues after hours and on weekends.
In Washington after the war, Ball was a founding partner of the law firm now known as Cleary, Gottlieb, Steen and Hamilton, with offices in New York, Washington, Paris and Brussels.
But after Kennedy's election, a report by Ball and a colleague on economic policy and the balance of payments caught the new president's attention.
Boren, D-Okla., said in an interview Thursday after the latest in a series of inconclusive meetings on the issue between House and Senate Democratic leaders.
Asked if the House could accept less than a $5,000 PAC limit, Gejdenson said, ``I don't think there's any need for that to move.'' The conference to resolve differences between House and Senate anti-crime bills -- which would reimpose the federal death penalty, increase penalties for violent crimes and pump more money into prison construction and crime prevention -- probably will get started shortly after the recess and continue for several weeks, a Senate source said.
 Pearl Jam's Complaint Prompts Antitrust Probe of Ticketmaster  The Justice Department has begun an antitrust investigation of Los Angeles-based Ticketmaster after the rock band Pearl Jam accused the giant ticket agency of pressuring promoters to boycott the band's low-cost concert tour.
The 74-year-old pope, who will be forced to modify his hectic lifestyle, left Rome's Gemelli hospital four weeks after surgery to repair a thighbone broken in a bathroom fall at his Vatican apartment.
``He was in a better state than I would have expected after such a long hospitalization.
We can see his energies draining away as he tries to do more and more,'' one cardinal was heard to observe after Easter Mass, three weeks before John Paul's latest fall.
Rodney, who was made a member of the elite Downbeat (magazine) Hall of Fame, joined the Gene Krupa band after learning that Parker and Gillespie were traveling to California where Krupa would be performing.
The Chinese statement also expressed ``regret'' that sanctions imposed by the United States after the Tiananmen Square crackdown remain in place.
This becomes especially important because of the uncertainty surrounding the political succession after senior leader Deng Xiaoping, who turns 90 in August.
``The Chinese know they have won,'' said Wang Xizhe, a veteran dissident who was released last year after nearly 14 years in jail for his pro-democracy activities.
Walsh, R-N.Y., the ranking Republican on the District appropriations subcommittee, said Barry's campaign after his conviction on drug charges had become a topic of discussion in Congress.
The IAEA and U.S. warnings came after North Korean officials, at talks this week with mid-level U.S. diplomats in New York, rejected a U.S. proposal to begin the high-level talks promptly.
Patrick said that Harcourt cooperated fully to settle the complaint, entering into negotiations promptly after being notified of its alleged violations and implementing many of the new procedures months before the final settlement.
 Man Pleads No Contest in Spy Case (San Francisco)  SAN FRANCISCO Former police officer Tom Gerard, who fled to the Philippines after he was accused of spying for the Anti-Defamation League, pleaded no contest Friday to one charge of illegally accessing police computer records.
Last fall, San Francisco District Attorney Arlo Smith agreed not to bring charges against the Anti-Defamation League after the group promised to pay up to $75,000 to Smith's office to fight hate crimes.
Last month, a San Francisco judge dismissed felony charges against Gerard after the FBI refused to provide wiretaps and investigative files in the case.
For example, the only opportunity to stop the violence in Rwanda through armed action was probably in the first hours after Rwandan government forces began to slaughter their opponents in Kigali.
Armacost was publicly opposed to revocation of China's MFN status, but after some persuading from Christopher, he embarked for China on May 8.
(Optional add end) Though many high-ranking members of the Clinton administration favor lifting the ban, the White House is not likely to take a formal stand on the issue until after the release of the DOE report, expected June 7.
Two other golfers at the course said that they saw the second aircraft join Watkins' aircraft after the golfers had been picked up, though Gearan indicated that the two helicopters did not fly together on the return trip.
Most recently, he was faulted for his decision after weeks of semipublic deliberations to renew China's most-favored-nation trade status, despite the Beijing regime's failure to meet human rights conditions that he had set forth last year.
That, at least, is what seems to have happened with David Watkins, who stepped down as director of the White House Office of Administration after he and a colleague took a presidential helicopter from Washington to a country club near New Market, Md., for a round of golf on Tuesday afternoon.
Handpicked for the duty after passing rigorous entrance requirements, they train using live ammunition and confront armed and barricaded suspects at the rate of more than one a week.
``When I took over Metro (a few months after the SLA incident), there was a lot of sensitivity about SWAT,'' said Jesse Brewer, who went on to become an assistant chief and then president of Police Commission.
The Muslim-led government that gained power after 1990 elections has always rejected that claim as a cynical scare tactic aimed at defusing Western concern over the civilian slaughter and expulsion of Muslims by Serbs as they take territory for a Greater Serbia.
Exaggerated claims that Serb lives were at risk if Croatia seceded became fact after Milosevic sent the Yugoslav Peoples Army to seize land coveted by the Serbs and to expel Croats, creating a climate of hostility and a desire for revenge against the Serbs.
``I've been there throughout the process, and I have to say his marriage to Vicki has been a wonderful thing for him.'' Kennedy turned to Hatch for counsel and help after the 1991 incident during which his nephew, William Kennedy Smith, was charged with rape, Hatch said.
Elaine Coffey and Bedford Hoback, engaged to be married after the war, would never move into their little farm home.
There will be a modest courthouse ceremony to mark the 50th anniversary, as there have been at other times, because even after all these years, the grief is still borne by their loved ones in this still small town of widows and children.
...'' This was on a Sunday morning in July, six weeks after Bedford families were not only not getting any more letters from their soldiers fighting in Europe, but their own letters to the men were being sent back unopened.
There was a crowd gathering around, and after the wires had been delivered it was affecting everybody.
But on the national TV news here Friday night, the Foreign Ministry's statement came toward the program's end after a long list of insignificant items -- indicating the Chinese leadership may opt to not trumpet its MFN victory domestically, likely because that could provoke questions here about human rights.
In all, as many as 95 percent of Americans with private insurance are subject to some form of utilization review, possibly leading to a denial of coverage either before or after a specific treatment, according to Lewin-VHI Inc., a health care consulting firm.
Kennedy, America's aging political prince; after three tumultuous decades of high drama and low moments, Kennedy is playing a pivotal role in what could be the crowning achievement of his career: enactment of national health-care legislation.
 Solzhenitsyn Speaks Out (Vladivostok)  VLADIVOSTOK, Russia Russian writer Alexander Solzhenitsyn lost no time Saturday, 24 hours after his return from two decades of exile in the West, in speaking his mind, often quite sharply, about his much-altered country.
After the self-rule accord was signed last September between Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization, nations around the world promised to help the nascent Palestinian Authority rebuild after 27 years of Israeli occupation.
But after a few months, it will be severely strained.
Days after U.S. F-15 fighters shot down two American helicopters in northern Iraq, Defense Undersecretary Frank G.
Shortly after that, Colombia announced its intention to shoot down drug flights.
``My guess is that after MFN, they are going to go into a full-court press to improve relations with China,'' said former U.S. Ambassador to China James R.
``And I'm afraid that, to prove that they still care about human rights, they'll do things now on human rights that will ring off even more bells in Beijing than MFN linkage, such as actions to upgrade ties with Taiwan and Tibet.'' Indeed, in the first 24 hours after Clinton announced that China's most-favored trade benefits would be renewed, top administration officials began to suggest that the president might take other actions on human rights that could produce new frictions between Washington and Beijing.
``I would prefer not to have 200 photographers crowding around me all the time and shooting me day after day,'' he said.
to learn in detail about life in Russia.'' To be more specific, he said he resents the fact that somebody in the crowd stepped on his wife's foot after their triumphant landing here Friday on a flight from Alaska.
Solzhenitsyn said the 5,700-mile rail journey, which will take several weeks, will allow him to make many stops and to ``see things through the window.'' He said he last saw Siberia from a prison van during his eight years in Stalin's gulag after World War II -- the seminal experience for his powerful writings against the Soviet system.
``The atmosphere in the hospital changed in one minute after he came,'' said Yelizaveta B.
Bennett, one of Washington's most skilled defense attorneys, probably could force a delay of any trial until after the congressional elections in November, legal sources said.
Such an arrangement might seem odd, but there is precedent: Wilbur Mills yielded the chairmanship of the Ways and Means Committee in the mid-1970s after publicity about his antics with a stripper, but he stayed on the panel as a member.
 Rosty Weighs Options on Plea Offer (Washn)  WASHINGTON The probe started with the House Post Office but, now, two years after federal prosecutors began investigating Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dan Rostenkowski, D-Ill., the allegations of official misconduct have moved far beyond stamps.
One probe centered on a woman who allegedly stayed on the payroll for years after she supposedly quit to rear her children.
Holder was faced with the allegations about ``ghost employees'' after he was sworn in as U.S. attorney last October and decided to present evidence to a new grand jury rather than seek indictments from one whose term was expiring.
They may also acquire those vehicles after the lease expires.
There were cables to read, legislative plans to approve and other tasks of governing that he says keep him working until as late as 2 a.m. Three weeks after becoming Italy's prime minister -- and only three months after he entered politics -- one of Europe's biggest media tycoons is struggling to adapt to his new role of running the world's fifth-largest industrial democracy.
Baker said some African policy makers were harking back to the ``Ethiopian scenario'' of May 1991, when the Bush administration virtually invited an advancing guerrilla army to enter the Ethiopian capital, Addis Ababa, as a way of ending that country's long civil war while providing for an orderly transition after the fall of dictator Mengistu Haile Mariam.
In Burundi, the minority Tutsis dominated the country after independence through their control of the armed forces, and only last year surrendered power in democratic elections to a Hutu-led government.
The killings, once officially attributed to unknown persons, were revisited after a disgruntled officer two years ago leaked what appeared to have been the assassination order: a state security memo recommending that Goniwe and the others be ``permanently removed from society, as a matter of urgency.'' Listening to Zietsman's finding, Nyameke Goniwe sat very still, as she had sat through every session of the inquest.
But Goniwe's brother was not with him 20 days later, when he headed home to Cradock from this coastal city after another UDF meeting.
For that matter, so has Ambassador-designate Frank Wisner, who will fill a 16-month vacancy and is expected to be confirmed when the Senate reconvenes after the Memorial Day holiday recess.
   HONECKER -- SANTIAGO, Chile -- Erich Honecker, the former East German Communist leader who built the Cold War's most chilling monument, the infamous Berlin Wall, dies at his home in exile in Chile after a long battle with liver cancer.
The Eagles certainly didn't take it easy in returning to concerts after 14 years.
Schmit came back together after all these years was to resume writing and recording together.
Clinton has not yet decided what he will have his private lawyers argue in court, but sources close to the president said he may go beyond simply arguing that the case should be put off until after he leaves office and contend that, in this case, Jones has lost her chance to sue by waiting until after Clinton became president.
Fitzgerald that a president can never be sued for damages for his official actions -- no matter how egregious his conduct, and even after he is out of office.
 Social Security Official to Return Controversial Bonus (Washn)  WASHINGTON The No. 2 executive at the Social Security Administration has decided to return a $9,256 bonus he received after about three months on the job.
Returning the original documents to German custody is another milestone in the restoration of German sovereignty after a half-century of Allied occupation.
Donald Kobletz, the State Department's lawyer in Berlin in the 1980s and now a private attorney here, said: ``Can you tell a sovereign government, one of your closest allies, that 50 years after the war you don't really trust them to keep their own records?
Many other documents, such as papers from the Third Reich foreign ministry, were given to the Germans decades ago after being microfilmed for the National Archives' Captured German Documents division.
It will be the first time the man who led a 30-year struggle of violence and diplomacy for the Palestinian cause will be in the West Bank since shortly after Israel's occupation in 1967.
They moved to Florida to start over -- after a couple of false starts -- as members of the growing class of entrepreneurs who peddle wares from town to town and consider storefronts, leases and 800-phone numbers an unseemly symbol of settlement.
Nothing has been announced, but chances are that he will go to Hanoi before or after that meeting.
It was almost 10 years after supervising the Wall's construction that Honecker succeeded Walter Ulbricht as Communist Party boss and de facto East German leader.
The Hutu militants, who control the state's army, helped organize a pogrom against Tutsis last month after the Hutu president, Juvenal Habyarimana, died in a suspicious plane crash.
Clinton, who was born after the war ended, will be shadowed not only by his own draft-avoiding past but also by the specter of former President Reagan.
Chinese companies that left Shanghai after 1949 are streaming back with an eye to tapping its burgeoning markets and employing China's best-educated work force at wage levels that are rock-bottom by world standards.
 ANALYSIS: `Where To Now?' Israelis Ask (Jerusalem)  JERUSALEM In leaving the Gaza Strip after a quarter-century of military occupation and looking toward withdrawal from the West Bank, Israel is finally able in the view of many of its liberal thinkers to return to the question, profound and contentious, of what kind of nation it should be.
After a generation, those questions are back at the top of the agenda.'' Although the iconoclastic Leibowitz challenged Israel's occupation of the West Bank and Gaza Strip immediately after the 1967 Middle East War, and called for a Palestinian state, he is joined today by many others closer to the Israeli political center in suggesting that the country must now confront new issues.
``Once Israelis are less concerned about physical security, they will have time to worry about spiritual security -- and they will find there is a lot to worry about.'' Among Israeli liberals, there already is a lengthening agenda: the role of religion in the Jewish state, improvement of education after years of degradation, relations between Jews and Arabs within Israel, how to close social gaps while encouraging entrepreneurs, the future of Judaism itself.
One group of alleged thieves, all suspected Crips, was caught in Las Vegas after a high-speed chase.
The 15-year-old triggerman in another casino robbery was arrested in South-Central Los Angeles after an informant overheard him boasting about his feat.
This is a Mafia clan that is running the country.'' The conference was a kind of political coming-out party for Rutskoi, the former fighter jock and defrocked vice president who spent four months in prison after breaking with Yeltsin and leading the revolt that ended in a bloody tank assault on the White House last fall.
A Latino man drowned after he was handcuffed by police and forced to swim in the bayou.
A ``throw-down'' weapon was planted on a suspect after he was shot by police.
Returning the original documents to German custody is another milestone in the restoration of German sovereignty after a half-century of Allied occupation.
Donald Kobletz, the State Department's lawyer in Berlin in the 1980s and now a private attorney here, said: ``Can you tell a sovereign government, one of your closest allies, that 50 years after the war you don't really trust them to keep their own records?
Many other documents, such as papers from the Third Reich foreign ministry, were given to the Germans decades ago after being microfilmed for the National Archives' Captured German Documents division.
Miguel Maza, a former secret police chief, and Enrique Parejo, an ex-justice minister -- were attacked after challenging drug lord Pablo Escobar.
Kuncze and his party are expected to announce their decision Sunday after a party convention, just one day after the Socialists meet to nominate their candidate -- presumably Horn -- as prime minister.
Yet investors reacted with horror at the thought that European short rates might stop falling, after only 20 months of Bundesbank-led cuts.
Early this year, the smart money was selling stocks in Hong Kong, Singapore, Bangkok and other Southeast Asian markets after their 60 percent-plus gains in 1993.
The Nikkei index has jumped 19.3 percent year-to-date, fueled by the perception that Japan's economy is bottoming after three difficult years.
He finds more allure in markets such as Mexico, South Korea and Thailand, especially after their selloffs this year.
Two people were injured in the parking lot shoving after the shooting, said university spokesman Jack Chappell.
Muhammad, 43, had been suspended from his duties as senior aide to Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan after a speech in November in which he called Jews ``the bloodsuckers of the black nation and the black community.'' That speech was denounced by President Clinton and other black and Jewish leaders, as well as by Farrakhan himself.
He was severely beaten by the crowd, some of whom reportedly shouted, ``He works for the Jews.'' (Muhammad was fired as an aide to Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan after making anti-Semitic remarks last year.) Police plucked the bloodied man from the angry crowd and put him in a police car until he could be taken away by ambulance.
``I heard a bullet echo in my ear and I could smell gunpowder.'' In the chaos after the 6:09 p.m. shooting, Ahromuz said, several young African-American men attacked some white people who had rushed to the scene, but others who had been at the speech intervened.
Inside, three people were thrown out of the building after they began heckling Muhammad.
Yeltsin's government; the former fighter jock and defrocked vice president spent four months in prison after breaking with Yeltsin and leading the revolt that ended in a bloody tank assault on the White House last fall.
Yeltsin's government; the former fighter jock and defrocked vice president spent four months in prison after breaking with Yeltsin and leading the revolt that ended in a bloody tank assault on the White House last fall.
Everyone who learns history knows that the more time that passes after an important historical event, the clearer what happened becomes.
-- The Eagles certainly didn't take it easy in returning to concerts after 14 years; instead of playing it safe by simply serving up the two dozen or so of the best-known Eagles tunes in a nostalgia-to-the-max reunion package, the reunited group threw all sorts of surprises at the audience.
Haiti, after all, is in the Caribbean, not on some faraway continent.
And he wrote me an angry letter pointing out that nobody ever ``comes down hard on the rampant racism of `black publications.'' ``Blacks are always crying `race','' said Seymour after I called him.
Perhaps divided loyalties have already multiplied to such a point that international behavior is changing in ways no one imagined in 1944 and no one yet fully understands 50 years after the D-day victory that prepared the ground to make it possible.
The people who write the law say they're not after lawful protesters.
And a Pennsylvania fair-housing official said a real-estate agent recently pulled an ad for a ``rare find'' in Chester, Pa., after a reader complained that it was racist to describe as ``rare'' a nice house in a largely black community.
The stakes were nothing less than control of the Bonn government after election of a new Parliament -- and a chancellor -- later in the year.
``But about a week after we reached orbit, we started seeing flashes coming from below the spacecraft.'' Collaborating with weather and lightning experts at Marshall, the team used old weather satellite photos to determine that there were always storms nearby when the flashes occurred.
McCaughey, after a day crisscrossing the state, said she is eager to serve.
``I was quite shocked by it myself,'' McCaughey said after seeing the photo.
One after another, critics have emerged to attack the fortress.
   HOUSTON-OBIT -- WASHINGTON -- Paul Green Houston, a longtime Washington correspondent for the Los Angeles Times and author of its popular weekly ``Washington Insight'' column, dies after a two-year battle with colon cancer.
Gordievsky also wrote that on May 27, 1985, he was drugged, interrogated by KGB officials in the Soviet Union and ``directly accused of working for the British.'' Ames has said he cannot remember the date he passed the envelope, but during an interview last month placed it ``some months'' after March 1985.
Gordievsky himself announced after Ames's arrest that he believed it was Ames who turned him in.
Such comments come at a bad time, when polls are showing renewed suspicion of the first lady's power after she'd attempted to put those concerns to rest.
Some speculate that Wright is seeking a subtle form of revenge because, after years of devoted service to Clinton, she wasn't given a leading role in the presidential campaign.
-- -- --  In 1992, she contacted the presidential campaign after Gennifer Flowers surfaced with her allegations about an affair with Clinton.
Arkansans are much warmer to Wright than the crowd that gathered around Clinton during and after the presidential campaign.
``The truth of the matter is, she came in and helped Bill Clinton after a stunning defeat.
 Longtime Los Angeles Times Reporter Paul Green Houston Dies (Washn)  WASHINGTON Paul Green Houston, a longtime Washington correspondent for the Los Angeles Times and author of its popular weekly ``Washington Insight'' column, died late Sunday after a two-year battle with colon cancer.
Few had covered it longer or better.'' Houston, who was named after the Pulitzer-prize winning playwright and family friend Paul Green, was born into a writing family in Chapel Hill, N.C. His father, Noel Houston, was a prize-winning journalist and novelist who authored the best-selling 1946 novel ``The Great Promise.'' His mother, Kay Replogle Houston, was a noted gardener and cook.
The lesson, expressed vigorously by Clinton and other top Democrats after Prather's loss was: Fight back.
When Republicans lost 26 seats in 1982, two years after Ronald Reagan won the presidency in a landslide, unemployment had just hit 10 percent.
As Hosokawa walked through the hotel lobby after a political rally, Nozoe fired a single shot from about 30 feet away, witnesses said.
 Somalia Talks Postponed Again (Nairobi)  NAIROBI, Kenya Somalia's on-again, off-again peace talks were once again postponed after the main feuding parties failed to show up.
The first 10 days after Israeli withdrawal have served up a salad of close calls, doomsday predictions, angry threats and cautious whiffs of optimism.
Israel has released fewer than 1,000 of the 5,000 prisoners it had promised to free promptly after May 4.
In a righteous, authoritarian apostolic letter addressed to his bishops, Pope John Paul marked his first day back in the office after four weeks in a hospital for a broken leg.
Then last New Year's Eve, after a two-year struggle, Effing reclaimed the building from the government and proclaimed that the Church of the Most Holy Mother of God -- and the Roman Catholic Church  -- had returned to Vladivostok, at last.
The supression of the church began soon after the Bolsheviks arrived.
release after two weekends of national release to just over $40 million.
Shortly after his election last summer, Hosokawa became the first Japanese prime minister to candidly state that Japan had waged a war of aggression during the 1930s and 1940s.
``I'm just glad no one was injured,'' Hosokawa said after the attack.
``Instead of real help, we are getting one delegation of experts after another, flying in first-class and business-class from around the world, spending money on hotels and meals that we could use to pay salaries, and then telling us they will make a recommendation after the summer,'' he said.
It was as clearly as any conflict in all of human history a battle between two ways of life.'' Clinton said he mourned the suicide earlier this month of Lewis Puller Jr., a disabled Vietnam War veteran who wrote a Pulitzer-Prize winning book after returning from the conflict.
``But after that, what if people are still stepping over garbage in the streets and the schools remain in such poor condition?
He has also switched allegiance from the old Communist Workers Party to the Socialists, who sprang from the reform wing of the authoritarian regime that was ousted in 1990 after a 45-year rule.
The names of their loved ones could not be on that granite wall, because unlike the dead whose sacrifice was etched there, their loved ones had died after the fighting ended -- of Agent Orange poisoning, of injuries that never healed, in suicides.
``You have brought beside you the souls of some good soldiers who suffered greatly long after their war was over and who are loved and missed deeply.'' ' More than 3 million Americans served in Vietnam.
She said Robert William Steele was diagnosed with depression just after the war.
The Ways and Means Committee has already begun its deliberations on the health bill, and it now appears it will lose its chairman just as it is to start its voting after Congress' weeklong Memorial Day recess.
It is expected that Bennett, who also is representing Clinton against a sexual harassment suit filed by Paula Corbin Jones, could delay any trial until after the November elections.
Some members of the crowd that beat Bess shouted that the gunman worked ``for the Jews.'' Minutes after leaving the gym, Muhammad was shot at close range while standing at the top of some steps about 100 yards from the gym entrance on the University of California at Riverside.
Benson became the 13th president, prophet, seer and revelator of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in 1985, after the death of Spencer W.
Eisenhower was forced to take measures to bolster falling hog prices, after protests from Republican members of Congress representing the Midwest farm vote.
The suspect, identified as James Edward Bess, 49, opened fire just after Muhammad finished a speech on the University of California campus.
An IAEA official left North Korea on Friday after talks on inspections failed.
The suspect, identified as James Edward Bess, 49, opened fire just after Muhammad finished a speech on the University of California campus here Sunday night.
But after a visit to Capitol Hill Thursday by Special Counsel Robert Fiske Jr., lawmakers now say they may begin calling witnesses as early as July, bringing the issue that Clinton and his wife, Hillary Rodham Clinton, have fought so hard to kill back to life.
But after years of mismanagement, it sought protection from creditors in 1988 when it filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
 Espresso Book Not for the Coffee Table  If you decide after visiting a coffee bar that hanging out in a cafe drinking latte is the only way to spend the afternoon, then you may want to pick up ``Espresso: Culture Cuisine,'' by Karl Petzke and Sara Slavin (Chronicle Books, $14.95), two people who must feel the way you do.
It has also been offered by President Clinton in defending his proposal to require welfare recipients to accept jobs after two years or be tossed off the rolls.
The on-line faithful have been flaming MTV as ``totally lame'' and ``a pitiful network of corporate pigs.'' Wrote a user named Daredevil: ``DON'T LET THE LAMERS GET YOU DOWN!'' Curry claims mtv.com began with the ``blessing and support'' of MTV execs, but after he resigned April 25, ``things got ugly.'' (It probably didn't help that Curry posted a resignation letter on the Internet accusing MTV of selling out the ``M'' in its name.) In federal court in Manhattan in May, MTV's lawyers argued for an injunction against Curry's use of mtv.com.
She cooks everything with indirect heat, moving the coals aside after they're hot to encircle the grill, or placing them in semicircular piles on each side of the grate.
The resulting loaf doesn't have the chewy, elastic texture of kneaded bread, but it has a good fresh-baked aroma, and for home-made bread that's ready one hour after you open the package, with essentially no work, that's not bad.
``He told me that if I still wanted to act after I graduated high school, then it would be OK.'' Even though the family moved to Los Angeles when he was 9 for ``The Dick Van Dyke Show,'' he never felt they were part of the show-business community.
``I wrote the parchments, the mezuzah, the scrolls.'' But after the rebbe's death about 15 years ago, he decided to come to the bindery, which was then run by his brother's father-in-law, Itzak Glanz.
Urban hikers on College Hill are rewarded with one discovery after another as the picture of Providence unreels along the city's sidewalks.
Benefit Street is now one fine home after another, a long parade of well-restored houses from the 18th and 19th centuries.
Her physical therapist is coming by four times a week to work on the muscles she screwed up by not walking correctly after a stroke.
By the time the partnership ended, shortly after the sale of their shop in 1988, the pair were barely speaking.
Belgian scientist S.R. Pattyn released a study recently showing a 20 percent relapse rate after 10 years of multi-drug therapy, Rea said.
For example, after 28 days of sailing -- typically two Seabourn cruises -- you'll get a 25 percent savings on your next 14-day trip; after 70 days, you'll get a 50 percent reduction on your next 14-day journey; after 140 days, you qualify for a free 14-day cruise.
Royal Viking, which claims a 66 percent repeat rate on its cruises, gives gifts of merchandise after a certain number of sailings.
Next thing she knows, Jack is climbing into one of his books, and she has to scramble to crawl in after him.
Once they're safe, back at home in the garden, she says, ``Well, perhaps books aren't boring after all!'' The endpapers include the nursery rhymes referred to during the children's romp through the pages.
Its heritage of dysfunctionalism culminated in Gary Gilmore's execution after he murdered two Mormons in cold blood in Utah.
And after reading hungrily about Mikal's con-man dad, his mad mom and fascinatingly flawed brothers, it's a drag to read about his troubles.
But after a marathon reading of ``The Serpent's Gift'' while I should have been enjoying the scenery on vacation, I wanted to advise Lee to start writing that resignation letter.
LaRue is a sensitive, intuitive man with a spirit that cannot be crushed; a man who, when recognizing his love for Olive Winters, fights against his impulse to pull away; a man who marks the changes in his world from after the Great War through the 1960s with wonder, a great love for his people and a moving grace.
LaRue Smalls finishes many stories in ``The Serpent's Gift'' with, ``I've told my friends, now you tell yours.'' The phrase is most apropos in celebrating the arrival of Helen Elaine Lee and ``The Serpent's Gift,'' a book whose colors will linger behind the eyes long after you read the final page.
``Rush hour,'' said O'Hearn, the Jets' public relations man, ``is three cars at a stop light.'' Crime (no surprise after the shop keeper's actions) is also rare.
China's markets, after all, are not really ``free,'' given the large role played by the political and military leadership in determing who will get rich.
Yet Clinton, after so many threats and promises, was forced to back down.
In the case of China, after all, there were not only concerns over trade but also over cooperation against North Korea.
She retired in 1980, after 37 years.
He moved there after his Washington sojourn and a couple of years in New York.
What novelist, after all, could dream up a cryptographic protagonist like Alan Turing, the stammering, nail-biting mathematical genius and computer pioneer, who bicycled in a gas mask to avoid hay fever, ran long distances in tweeds, listened nightly to a BBC children's program about Larry the Lamb and, nine years after the war, killed himself by coating an apple with cyanide and biting into it?
All the chasing around after parachutists distracted the Germans into thinking their quarry was inland.
I phoned and faxed Italy weeks before I left home, but failed to book a seat until the last minute -- and then only after I showed up at the box office.
Schroeder, put it: ``Even after a year of intense debate about health-care reform, the disparity between the needs of people with chronic health conditions and the way the medical care system is currently organized is not being addressed in the debate.'' Perhaps the way for Congress to get the message about chronic illness is to pay more attention to a largely invisible volunteer army of an estimated 18 million family care givers in this country.
The government is after him; his parents have deceived him (by not revealing that Ed is adopted).
``Dead at 21'' joins the unscripted soap opera ``Real World'' and the dramatic series ``Catwalk'' in the stable of first-run series as MTV strives to become ``a full-service network.'' Before returning to MTV last year, Davola spent five years at Fox, where he was involved with ``In Living Color,'' ``Totally Hidden Video,'' ``The Ben Stiller Show,'' ``Code Three'' and ``Sightings.'' During that tenure, Davola struck up a friendship with writer Larry David, who, after repeating ``Joe Davola'' several times at a party, proclaimed he was going to use the name for a character on ``Seinfeld.'' The Davola character is an obsessed fan who stalks Jerry in several episodes.
   COPTER -- Changing course again, the White House announces that aide David Watkins will pay for his helicopter golf outing himself after all.
Ever since Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen uttered ``I'd like to see a stronger yen'' at the National Press Club a month after Clinton's inauguration, the value of the dollar has been up for grabs in international currency markets.
They are sometimes discovered after a home changes hands, and startled homeowners contact the cemetery.
Over carry-out pizzas in Blinder's quarters in the Old Executive Office Building one night shortly after the inauguration, they estimated that the economy's growth rate cycle eventually would reach 3.3 percent in 1994 before settling down to a comfortable noninflationary growth rate of 2.5 percent in 1996 and the years beyond.
The central project of Trinsey's life, incomplete after 30 years, was taken away from him and auctioned by the Resolution Trust Corp.
Clinton had no significant professional role with McDougal's financial institutions or any knowledge of the controversial practices cited after Madison Guaranty's collapse.
And after three years at the top, CBS may be at the end of this cycle, TV analysts say.
Now this is gone.'' (Begin optional trim) Added Stanley Crossick, chairman of the Belmont European Policy Center, a Brussels-based political think tank: ``We got things right after the war because of strong U.S. leadership, the brilliance of the Marshall Plan and the vision of our own statesmen.
It is a truth that makes many Europeans wince, but 3½ decades after the Treaty of Rome committed them to the path of integration, the common thread through Western European mass culture is American.
Sam Nunn, D-Ga., chairman of the committee, said that after meeting with Russian legislators ``it was apparent that this was a sensitive area.'' As a result, the Senate delegation unanimously decided to recommend to President Clinton that the exercises ``be held on American soil at a suitable military base and at a suitable time to both the American and Russian side.'' The joint peacekeeping exercises, involving about 250 troops from each side, had been set for July near the city of Orenburg on the Volga River.
Nunn said the delegation of four Republicans and three Democrats was somewhat taken aback when the issue of the joint maneuvers was raised because in Washington they had been told that, after some flip-flops by the Russian side, the exercise ``was now back on course.'' ``This exercise is not designed to use armored vehicles or tanks.
The Vietnamese left after the 1991 Paris Peace Agreement.
The privately sponsored Asia-Pacific Conference on East Timor, organized by opponents of Indonesia's 1976 annexation of the former Portuguese colony, convened after the Philippine Supreme Court overturned an injunction against it.
Danielle Mitterrand, president of the human-rights group France-Libertes and wife of French President Francois Mitterrand, was originally scheduled to deliver the conference's keynote speech but canceled after she was blacklisted.
Last month, Thanong Siripreechapong, 42, was forced to resign from parliament after a judge in San Francisco unsealed a 1991 indictment accusing him of involvement in smuggling more than 45 tons of marijuana from Thailand to the United States between 1973 and 1987.
The U.S. Embassy here responded it would facilitate the trip, but that if he did enter the United States, he would be ``arrested immediately.'' The Chart Thai party, the largest of five parties in opposition to the coalition government of Prime Minister Chuan Leekpai, expelled Thanong after finding inconsistencies in his testimony in parliamentary hearings.
In a parliamentary session May 19, Mongkol Chongsuthanamanee, 48, tearfully denied involvement in the drug trade after it was disclosed that he had been denied a U.S. visa because his name is on a narcotics watch list.
The allegations linking legislators to drug dealing came to a head after Thai newspapers quoted Foreign Minister Prasong Soonsiri as telling a cabinet meeting that he had a U.S. list of 17 politicians, including 10 opposition legislators, suspected of being traffickers.
   COURT-CURFEW -- WASHINGTON -- The Supreme Court gives a boost to the growing number of cities that enforce curfews for teen-agers, as the justices refuse to consider a constitutional challenge to a Dallas law that generally requires persons under 17 to be off the streets after 11 p.m. on weekdays.
 Aide to Reimburse U.S. for Copter Ride (Washn)  WASHINGTON David Watkins, the White House aide who was forced to resign after taking the presidential helicopter to play golf near Camp David, relented Tuesday from his refusal to pay the full cost of the flight and agreed to reimburse the government for the full $13,129.66 tab.
It belatedly discovered that a second helicopter was involved and -- after Watkins balked at paying the tab -- scrambled to put together contributions from nearly the entire senior staff to pay for the cost, billing the money as a ``gesture of friendship'' to the fired aide.
It could be a financial burden for some.'' Watkins added, ``While I contend I did nothing wrong, I was carrying out the duties of my job, it was something that I was involved with and so I should go ahead and not create any resentment or any more resentment.'' The 55-mile trip to Camp David and the nearby Holly Hills Country Club became public when the Frederick (Md.) News-Post published a photograph of Watkins and other adminisration officials about to board the presidential helicopter after playing 18 holes of golf.
China, for example, recently requested U.S. advice after its newly independent regional airlines developed major safety problems.
Rabin said that so far Syria has not agreed to return to the peace talks in Washington, which were interrupted after the massacre in Hebron on Feb.
At a special time Wednesday, NBC's ``Now With Tom Brokaw and Katie Couric'' has an emotional reunion of two vets who had not seen each other for 50 years after having become friends during battle in World War II.
Clinton will honor soldiers who died in fighting after the 1944 amphibious landing at Anzio, one of the savage battles that marked the beginning of the end of World War II.
On Tuesday, in the latest of a long line of incidents, Socialist Party members of the European Parliament asked conservative colleagues to help bar neo-fascists from joining the assembly after European elections later this month.
Returned to office after more than four decades as pariahs on the extreme right-wing of the many-splendored Italian political universe, extremists among the neo-fascists are in full cry -- to the embarrassment of Berlusconi and National Alliance leader Gianfranco Fini.
But he also triggered a storm after the election by declaring that Mussolini was the century's greatest statesman.
``I'm sure there will be no difficulty in collaboration between Britain and Italy,'' said British Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd after meeting Martino in Brussels.
From the last three months of 1991 through the first three months of this year, consumers increased their purchases of goods and services so significantly -- up 8.5 percent after adjustment for inflation -- that their spending was the driving force that lifted the economy out of its post-recession doldrums.
``The employment gains, and the output gains, will slow after this quarter,'' with the inflation-adjusted gross domestic product increasing at a 2.5 percent to 3 percent rate, he predicted.
Harkess said she realized, after her 14-year-affair with Clark, including a period when she knew her lover had had sex with her daughters, that he was a ``pathetic, lecherous, dirty old man.'' (Optional Add End) After the Harkess family landed in London Tuesday, bankrolled by the News of the World, Clark admitted: ``I deserved to be horse whipped.'' But he denied allegations by the Harkesses that he had offered the family $150,000 to keep them from taking their story to the newspapers.
Clark, 52, has admitted in the past to throwing an ax at her husband after being informed of his latest escapade.
The appeals court ruled that a public employer is liable when it fires an employee who engages in the latter type of speech, even if the employer, after staff interviews, had believed otherwise at the time of dismissal.
The group was banned by Saudi authorities shortly after its establishment in Riyadh last year, and most observers say its chances of attracting wide support at home are blunted by the pervasiveness of the Saudi welfare state and a web of business partnerships that link the royal family to the country's elite.
Masaari was fired from his job at Riyadh's King Saud University and jailed for six months after helping set up the dissident committee last year.
For a decade, until Mills departed after a scandalous encounter with an exotic dancer from Argentina, Rostenkowski acquired seniority and familiarity with the arcane tax code.
 Court Rejects Challenge to Teen Curfew Law (Washn)  WASHINGTON The Supreme Court on Tuesday gave a boost to the growing number of cities that enforce curfews for teen-agers by rejecting a challenge to a Dallas law that generally requires people under 17 to be off the streets after 11 p.m. on weekdays and midnight on weekends.
and broadly stifles fundamental liberties.'' Although the court did not explain its decision, in earlier rulings the justices have said the First Amendment to the Constitution does not give teen-agers a ``generalized right of social association'' that permits them to be out after hours.
Fines of up to $500 can be assessed against youth who violate the law, as well as their parents and the owners of establishments who serve minors after hours.
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, described after her nomination last year as a strong defender of First Amendment rights, was one of only four justices who signed the court's opinion Tuesday.
He promptly won the respect of his new colleagues when he took over the Rostenkowski probe after his swearing-in last October.
Federated has circulated proposals on Wall Street claiming at least $100 million in cost savings after a merger.
Despite U.S. impatience, the Council decided to give Somalia the ``last chance'' Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali said it deserved after the United Nations spent some $2 billion in a year and a half to rescue the east African country from famine and clan warfare.
After helping lead the U.N. mission into a shooting war in Mogadishu a year ago, the Clinton administration abruptly began to pull out U.S. troops after 18 American servicemen were killed in a battle with Aideed's force in October.
``Many Somalis to whom I spoke expressed grave reservations at the prospect of the warlords, by whose hands so much Somali blood was spilled, becoming their new rulers,'' wrote Malcolm Harper, the head of the United Kingdom United Nations Association, after a recent visit.
But Watkins said in an interview that he changed his mind Sunday after reading news accounts that quoted former colleagues at the White House who were angered by the obligations he had forced on them.
Holder Jr., the U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia, told reporters at a news conference that the charges ``represent a betrayal of the public trust for personal gain'' by Rostenkowski, who stood accused of using ``his elective office to perpetrate an extensive fraud on the American people.'' The indictment came after the breakdown of intense plea bargaining.
handed out as gifts to his friends.'' -- ``Causing Congress to pay over $70,000 in taxpayer money for personal vehicles used by himself and his family.'' -- ``He obstructed justice by instructing a witness to withhold evidence from the grand jury.'' That charge was based on allegations that the congressman directly told a House staff member -- an engraver who was doing personal work for the congressman on gifts he was handing out -- not to say anything after getting a subpoena from the grand jury.
The charges were leveled one day after Rostenkowski rejected a proposed plea agreement with prosecutors and went on the offensive, denying all charges and vowing to fight in court.``I have always fought for what I believe in,'' Rostenkowski said in a statement faxed around the country Monday evening.
About $73,000 in government funds were used for the vehicles which were ``for the personal use of himself and his family.'' The indictment was issued after a two-week period of plea bargaining discussions with Rostenkowski's attorney, Robert S.
Holder Jr. announced the charges after plea-bargaining talks collapsed and Rostenkowski defiantly proclaimed his innocence.
Muhammad, who was suspended as spokesman for the Nation of Islam by Louis Farrakhan after a verbal assault on Jews, Arabs and whites was roundly denunciated, underwent surgery Tuesday night at Riverside Community Hospital to remove a bullet lodged in his leg.
(With art.)(ROSTY-TIMES, moved.)    Above fold:    Col 2: Los Angeles police engage in the second day of a sickout after rejecting contract terms, leading the mayor to call for mediation.
(FAA-757, moved.)    Cols 5-6: The Supreme Court gives a boost to the growing number of cities that enforce curfews for teen-agers when it rejects a challenge to a Dallas law that generally requires those under 17 to be off the streets after 11 p.m. on weekdays and midnight on weekends.
