You don't go to Disney World during school holidays.
If you have to ride rides in the afternoon, try to do so during parade times, when lines go from maddening to manageable.
Just ask Barry Bonds, whose most enduring media moment remains his nasty on-the-field shouting match with then-manager Jim Leyland.
Thrown together during the sorry days of segregated sport, they showcased the young black gods of baseball, performing in the same cities -- often in the same ballparks  -- as major-league players, sometimes even wearing the big-leaguers' discarded uniforms.
 Circumcision Pain an Elusive Target  New research has found that acetaminophen doesn't reduce the pain during and immediately following circumcision.
The new study, in line with previous research, concluded that circumcised newborns do experience great and persistent pain during and after the surgery, based on crying, increased heart and breathing rates and other measurements.
The researchers, led by neuroendocrinologist Yitzhak Koch, propose that the GnRH in breast milk may help complete certain aspects of brain or sex-organ development left unfinished during the fetus' stay in the uterus.
   MIDEAST -- JERICHO, West Bank -- PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat, asserting Palestinian authority, cancels the military orders issued during 27 years of Israeli occupation of Jericho and reinstates laws in effect before the 1967 Middle East war.
A careful listener may catch a tremor in Durning's voice at times during the program.
His father, an Irish immigrant who had joined the Army to gain U.S. citizenship, lost a leg during World War I and died when Charles was 12.
The rapid growth of the plan during its first seven years has made federal and postal workers some of the biggest players in the stock and bond markets.
Arafat's order appeared aimed at canceling the 1,300 Israeli military orders issued during 27 years of occupation, although it did not directly mention them.
In addition, he said, all available records from a worker's production department during his period of employment are being studied to estimate approximate levels of exposure to neutron radiation, which can penetrate some kinds of shielding normally used to protect workers from other forms of radiation.
Administration officials have said the United States will not establish formal diplomatic relations with Vietnam until after Hanoi cooperates further in the task of accounting for Americans missing in action during the war.
They gave subdued applause and remained silent during some of his gag lines.
They gave subdued applause and remained silent during some of his gag lines.
The program is aimed at providing the impoverished majority black population of South Africa with the same opportunities afforded the country's small minority of whites during the four decades of apartheid.
To get it off the ground, Mandela borrowed the first 100-days time frame from Frankin Roosevelt's New Deal package of legislation during America's Great Depression.
He also said that plans are under way to electrify 350,000 homes during the current fiscal year, a start on his campaign promise to bring electricity to 2.5 million homes in the next five years.
The White House has prepared a 53-page handbook of suggested events members can stage during the coming recess as forums for voicing arguments for the Clinton plan.
Demjanjuk, who was extradited in 1986, was convicted and sentenced to death for torturing and murdering Jews at the Treblinka concentration camp in Poland during World War II.
Evidence presented during the trial showed that the defendants had sought to punish Americans for their support of Israel by targeting one of the nation's best-known landmarks.
But God is more powerful than America.'' When Ayyad complained that ``human rights advocates'' had not monitored his treatment during months in detention, Duffy interjected: ``Did human rights organizations monitor the people whom you killed?'' (End optional trim) The other two defendants, Mahmud Abouhalima, 34, and Ahmad M.
On May 13, 1993, Rockefeller suffered three broken ribs and a punctured lung when the car in which she was riding was forced off Rock Creek Parkway during a severe thunderstorm.
U.S. District Judge Kevin Duffy, who angrily addressed the defendants after overseeing the 5½-month trial, called the four ``cowards'' for planting a bomb during the lunch hour of Feb.
``Dr. Perry, Mr. Deutch and Dr. Jones did not have any personal involvement relative to the Air Force contract during their service on the SAIC board,'' the statement said.
Perry served in a top Pentagon post during the Carter administration.
Duffy, who maintained a casual if caustic demeanor during the six-month trial, was visibly angry, glaring down from the bench.
This has fueled speculation that the disease can be traced to a viral illness in infancy or during a prenatal stage.
(Begin optional trim) But because the dependent Serbian civilians live in areas adjacent to their patron state of Serbia or Croatian land conquered by fellow Serbs during an earlier phase of the regional war, the nationalist rebels have less at risk with the food pipeline if they defy the peace deadline than the Muslim-led government, whose backers would be left to starve.
``If this embargo is prolonged, and if the economic difficulties and tensions are increased, there is no guarantee that there won't be an explosion here,'' President Kiro Gligorov warned during an interview in his Skopje office.
In a deposition filed in the case, Cynthia Presser said she has spent $369,227 on clothes, decorating and furniture during her term as executor of Presser's estate.
Arafat and Halima's other stepson, Sabar, 25, are almost home after serving in exiled Palestinian brigades in Iraq and Libya both during and after the 1991 Persian Gulf War.
It happened during an armed clash with another Palestinian family over ownership of the land.
The tiny tube inserted in the eardrum during surgery allows the fluid to drain and restores a child's hearing, which can be muffled when fluid has collected.
The findings are to be reported this week during the American Psychiatric Association's annual meeting in Philadelphia.
If the theory holds up, experts say, it could help explain why these attacks don't seem to occur any more frequently during frightening and stressful times as when they are relaxed, even sleeping.
The few survivors -- the oldest ones are in their teens -- have been kept alive through radio-frequency coils implanted in their phrenic nerves that stimulate contraction of the diaphragm every five seconds during sleep.
Gorman, an expert on panic conditions, has been working with David Anderson of the National Institute on Aging on a computerized bodysuit that can be used to measure the depth and rate of breathing during a panic attack.
 Childbirth Recovery Not Always as Speedy as Society Expects  As a nurse, Carol Ann Friedman thought she knew what to expect during her own postpartum recovery: If she had a Cesarean section, she would need eight weeks to heal.
Three months after delivery, many of these symptoms continue, the study reported, while 40 percent of mothers also reported pain during sexual intercourse, as well as respiratory infections and hair loss at three to six months.
He should, for example, avoid direct sunlight during the middle of the day, use protective clothing, such as hats and shirts with long sleeves, apply a sunscreen before going out into the sun and, of course, avoid sunlamps and tanning booths.
The president went out of his way to support Rostenkowski during a hotly contested primary earlier this year, even appearing at a Chicago fund-raiser.
(Memory does not recall the last time a sitting president made a personal appearance during a congressional primary fight.) -- Rostenkowski has been in political hot water since 1992, when it was revealed that the U.S. attorney's office in Washington was investigating him for fraud, misuse of government funds and payroll padding.
The treatment, given during the early weeks of pregnancy, is painful and usually takes two to three days.
It's painful enough so that, in one study, 37 percent of the women needed to take some kind of pain medication during the process.
(Both scenarios assume a 28 percent tax bite.) Even more interesting is how the IRA helps you while you're distributing the proceeds during your retirement.
As the foreign policy aide with Bill Clinton in Little Rock during the campaign and transition, I know what candidate Clinton said and what he did not say.
I often loathe it.'' -0-  The youngest of the so-called ``Boom'' writers to emerge from Latin America into international prominence during the '60s, Vargas Llosa, now 58, is one of the few to reject the fantastical style of magic realism.
These books and many others, plus countless articles, were written during a period of self-imposed exile that began in 1958, when the writer received a scholarship to study in Madrid, and lasted for most of the next three decades.
``He either was running as an ego trip, or he was trying to gain material to write about.'' Wright cites an anti-Vargas Llosa slogan he saw emblazoned on a wall during the campaign: ``Peru is not a novel.'' Even the writer's wife has questioned his intentions.
So Leno, who came close to a first-place tie with ``The Late Show With David Letterman'' during his week here, is having his Burbank, Calif., set changed to look more like the one he used in New York, where his set's atmosphere approached that of clubs where Leno spent two decades doing standup comedy.
 Gallagher interviewed dozens of men and women to document the U.S. government's callous exposure of citizens in Nevada and Utah to radiation from above-ground nuclear tests during 1950s.
Peres, who met with Vice President Al Gore and Secretary of State Warren Christopher during a visit here, also warned Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat that he risks destroying his self-rule agreement with Israel by continuing to quibble about its provisions.
Yegorov said that during the past 18 months, his organization had investigated 47 criminal cases involving radioactive materials, including nine alleged thefts of highly-enriched materials of the sort needed for nuclear weapons.
 Clinton Defends Bosnia Policy During Commencement Address (Washn)  WASHINGTON President Clinton used commencement at the U.S. Naval Academy as a platform Wednesday for a sharp counterattack on his Bosnia policy, accusing critics -- including many leaders of his own party -- of advancing ``simplistic ideas that sound good on bumper stickers but that would have tragic consequences.'' The administration's policy, which relies heavily on multinational consultations and which critics deride as a failure to assert U.S. leadership, ``is not quick; it is not neat; it is not comfortable,'' Clinton conceded during his speech in Annapolis, Md. ``But I am convinced in a world of interdependence where we must lead by working with others, it is the right path.
Because of that, officials increasingly have urged Clinton to explain and defend his policies more actively -- a challenge that will absorb much of Clinton's time during his visit to Europe that begins next week.
 Clinton Defends Foreign Policy at Academy Commencement (Annapolis)  ANNAPOLIS, Md. In a preview of themes he will strike during next week's European tour, President Clinton Wednesday defended his foreign policy in general and his approach to Bosnia in particular against critics with ``simplistic ideas that sound good on bumper stickers but that would have tragic consequences.'' The president used a commencement address at the U.S. Naval Academy to deliver his most extensive explanation to date of the circumstances under which he would send American troops into harm's way -- and made it clear they weren't likely to include ``ethnic and religious conflicts'' like those raging in Rwanda and Bosnia.
The orbiting observatory, with corrective lenses installed during a repair mission last December, for the first time was able to see clearly into the heart of the giant galaxy M87, more than 50 million light-years away in the constellation Virgo, where astronomers have long suspected a monstrous black hole has lurking.
The orbiting observatory, with corrective lenses installed during a repair mission last December, for the first time was able to see clearly into the heart of the giant galaxy M87, more than 50 million light-years away in the constellation Virgo, where astronomers have long suspected a monstrous black hole has lurking.
Pentagon officials, testifying before the Senate Banking Committee Wednesday, said that even though they have no evidence of gas attacks during the Gulf War, as-yet-unproved contact with chemical- or biological-warfare agents remains on the long list of possible causes of the mysterious malady.
``I think the facts are now inescapable that (chemical-weapons exposure) is a significant amount of this problem,'' Riegle said during a day-long hearing.
the problem is going to get a lot worse.'' Representatives of the Department of Defense and the Central Intelligence Agency each testified they had no convincing evidence --  either from physical or intelligence sources -- that chemical or biological weapons had been used during the Gulf War.
Riegle's office last September released a preliminary investigation of alleged gas attacks during the Gulf War.
Gulf War veterans said many of these went off repeatedly and often during reported (and sometimes disputed) incoming SCUD missile attacks.
``How do you explain that the Bosnian leaders, who now reproach Francois Mitterrand for his silence and inaction'' in the summer of 1992, ``remained, it seems to me, silent and inactive themselves during this period?'' Musitelli said.
It said Izetbegovic mentioned concentration camps during the joint news appearance with Mitterrand June 28 after their private meeting.
Documents from the files of Brown Williamson Tobacco Co. show that top lawyers from the major cigarette companies during the 1970s and '80s made ``special project'' grants to scores of scientists and research organizations, bypassing a scientific advisory board of outside experts.
Donald Riegle Jr., D-Mich., released a 160-page report concluding that compelling anecdotal evidence exists showing that U.S. and allied troops were exposed to harmful levels of chemical -- and possibly biological --  contaminants during the Persian Gulf war.
Riegle Wednesday called for the Pentagon to fully disclose all it knows about the use of chemical and biological weapons during the war.
The arrests came nine days after the Germans were attacked during an apparent robbery, which left Gisela Pfleger dead from gunshot wounds to her head.
Eventually, Clinton embraced Mitchell's approach during the 1992 campaign, when he accused Bush of ``coddling dictators'' in Beijing and criticized Bush for vetoing legislation on the issue that Mitchell had sponsored.
 Report Says Gulf War Soldiers Exposed to Biological Weapons (Washn)  WASHINGTON Pentagon officials have been concealing or ignoring evidence that tens of thousands of U.S. Persian Gulf War veterans were exposed to Iraqi chemical and biological weapons during the conflict, a Senate report released Wednesday contends.
Some 12,000 veterans have reported symptoms ranging from skin irritation to memory loss, claiming that they are victims of ``Gulf War Syndrome.'' In one incident, eyewitnesses recounted their experiences during the early hours of Jan.
At a hearing of Riegle's committee Wednesday, Pentagon officials said that Iraq did not deploy chemical or biological toxins, even though hundreds of chemical alarms were triggered during the war.
Riegle accused the Pentagon of concealing or suppressing reports of toxic exposures during the conflict, saying that the military establishment has an ``institutional difficulty in coming to terms with grievous decision errors.
Although Rostenkowski steadfastly denied any wrongdoing, the federal inquiry widened to cover virtually all his activities during his entire service in Congress.
``If it's not a black hole, it's something stranger,'' astronomer Bruce Margon of the University of Washington said during a NASA briefing on the new results.
(Optional add end) Astronomer Douglas Richstone of the University of Michigan, in a telephone interview, called the evidence ``pretty convincing'' and said it is a part of a chain of evidence on the existence of supermassive black holes that has been building during the past decade.
Others are simply enduring the torment.
   GULFWAR-TIMES -- WASHINGTON -- A Senate report says Pentagon officials have been concealing or ignoring evidence that tens of thousands of U.S. Persian Gulf War veterans were exposed to Iraqi chemical and biological weapons during the conflict.
Dozens of other brochures have been prepared focusing on various aspects of the D-day observances and history; for example, ``Americans in Dorset,'' the story of U.S. forces based there during the invasion buildup.
(Begin optional trim) Rajoub is curt to questions about his activities during six years of exile.
``You can't go Chinese menu week by week on foreign policy and expect the American people to support you,'' said Hodding Carter III, who was spokesman for the State Department during the Carter administration.
Introducing Simon, his longtime producer, Emanuel Azenberg, recalled that during rehearsals for ``Broadway Bound,'' a scene wasn't working.
And let us pray history to draw a merciful veil over the cornball effusions produced by Hank Williams Jr. and others during Desert Storm.
They were the same age, 64, though her enduring loveliness and his stocky plainness made him appear older.
Onassis, it was comforting --  it was terrific -- to know she was with somebody who was a good, generous and gentle man,'' says Roger Wilkins, who was an Agency for International Development administrator during the Kennedy Administration and has known Tempelsman for years.
   JAPAN -- TOKYO -- Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko will pay respects to American war dead at Arlington National Cemetery and in Honolulu -- but not at Pearl Harbor -- during a tour of the United States beginning June 10, Japan announces.
Kenneth Gay is serving a death sentence at the penitentiary north of San Francisco for murdering Los Angeles police officer Paul Verna during a routine traffic stop in 1983.
The solitary gag that propels the big-budget feature film version of ``The Flintstones'' is the translation of cartoon humor into live-action: The mastodon as kitchen faucet (and Greek chorus); the large-beaked bird as Victrola; the giant crab as pin-changer at the Bowl-o-Rama, and Fred, as embodied by the lovably cartoonish John Goodman, suspended in midair during an ecstatic yabba-dabba-doo.
   CHINA-ASSESS -- WASHINGTON -- President Clinton's abandonment of linking trade with China to human rights improvements represents a stunning reversal of the policies he espoused both during his 1992 presidential campaign and during his first year in office.
He said South Africa's arms industry, which flourished during the era of apartheid and international sanctions but has been contracting since the late 1980s, would be ``increasingly driven'' by exports.
Iraq used a South African-made long-range cannon during the 1991 Persian Gulf War.
More than 70 percent of black adults -- many of whom were raised during an era of segregation --  believe it is harder for children today than it was for them.
Shoemaker said Clementine's polar orbit allowed it to take repeated photographs of the polar region during two full rotations of the moon.
The U.S. Navy has become quite familiar with seaborne interdiction operations in the past few years, first during the 1991 Persian Gulf War and later as part of a NATO team enforcing the international embargo on Serbia in the Adriatic Sea.
``One is a former Christian Democrat, two are former members of the Liberal Party and two belonged to a branch of the MSI that renounced any ties to fascism,'' the 57 year-old media tycoon explained during the hour-long conversation in his office at Chigi Palace.
The new evidence is important because it ``implies that considerable evolution took place during a time interval even shorter than previously suspected,'' said Jun-yuan Chen, Lars Ramskold and Gui-qing Zhou in the journal Science.
The animal the Chinese/Swedish team studied, ``Anomalocaris,'' is especially interesting because of its size, and because some parts found during the past 100 years were completely misidentified.
Clinton, saying he was ``very upset'' when he learned about Watkins' trip earlier in the day, disclosed his aide's resignation during a news conference called to announce a decision on most-favored-nation trading status for China.
In doing so, he adopted some of the reasoning put forward by former President Bush, whose policy toward China Clinton had sharply criticized during their 1992 campaign.
 Aide Resigns After Using Presidential Copter for Personal Use(Washn)  WASHINGTON A senior White House administrator who took a presidential helicopter to play golf at a county club during work hours resigned Thursday under pressure from an angry President Clinton.
A deputy White House press secretary said Wednesday that the Watkins party was scouting the club for possible play there by Clinton during a future stay at Camp David, which has no golf course.
bc-japan - a1821 (ATTN: Foreign editors) (Includes optional trims)   Pearl Harbor Not Included in Japanese Royalty's U.S. Tour (Tokyo)   By Sam Jameson   (c) 1994, Los Angeles Times  TOKYO, May 27 -- Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko will not visit Pearl Harbor but will pay respects to American war dead at two other sites during a 17-day tour of the United States beginning June 10, the Japanese government announced Friday.
In its report, the Labor Department said that an average of 366,750 people a week have filed initial claims for unemployment claims benefits during the past four weeks.
``Recent evidence suggests that job growth is about to slow from the sharp gains posted during the past several months,'' said Bruce Steinberg, macroeconomics manager for Merrill Lynch Co. in New York.
``That linkage has been constructive during the past year, but I believe, based on our aggressive contacts with the Chinese in the past several months, that we have reached the end of the usefulness of that policy, and it is time to take a new path toward the achievement of our constant objectives,'' Clinton said.
Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., during the Bush administration, attaching conditions to future renewals of China's trade status.
John McCain, R-Ariz., defended the decision on policy grounds but accused Clinton of adopting precisely the Bush administration policy that he assailed as cynical during the 1992 campaign.
But they have been replaced by a raw and ragged society of extreme contrasts between rich and poor, increasingly awash in the Western pop culture that Solzhenitsyn repeatedly condemned during his exile.
Kelly and D.C. Police Chief Fred Thomas informed World Cup officials during an hourlong meeting Thursday that they saw no better alternative than the six-foot-high metal fence to prevent potentially rowdy soccer fans from charging the field.
There has never been those kind of ugly incidents at World Cup matches.'' The District will be one of only three cities in the country to use a fence for security during World Cup matches, which begin here June 19.
It also will be much cheaper than putting scores of extra officers, at overtime pay, on the field during the matches.
 Clinton Decision on China Trade Status Is Sharp Reversal (Washn)  WASHINGTON President Clinton's abandonment of the idea of linking trade with China on human rights improvements represents a stunning reversal of the policies he espoused both during his 1992 presidential campaign and during his first year in office.
Jim Kolbe, R-Ariz., ``It was easy for Congress to take the positions it did during the Bush administration.'' The American retreat was of far-reaching, even historic, significance for China and its relations with the rest of the world.
There was a brief break later that morning when an accident nearby caused a power outage and another short break, during another outage early Tuesday.
   Col 6: President Clinton's abandonment of linking trade with China to human rights improvements represents a stunning reversal of the policies he espoused both during his 1992 presidential campaign and during his first year in office.
   CHINA-ASSESS-TIMES -- WASHINGTON -- President Clinton's abandonment of the idea of linking trade with China on human rights improvements represents a stunning reversal of the policies he espoused both during his 1992 presidential campaign and during his first year in office.
``It will be up to them to show they are professional and non-political.'' The Sandinista People's Army swelled to become the largest army in Central America during the 1980s, as it battled U.S.-backed Contra rebels.
The hidden gem in this repackaged collection is ``Twelve O'Clock High,'' about American pilots in England during World War II.
How ironic if that would be the enduring consequence of electing a president supported so strongly by the poor, the needy, minorities of all kinds.
Carson heard much the same thing in 1992 during his last days, and, three decades earlier, so did the man Carson succeeded on ``The Tonight Show,'' Jack Paar.
And the worshiped Carson himself -- despite his enormous impact as a television icon and a thread of continuity during momentous change in the United States -- was missed only a little longer.
``I have managed to acquire clothes, but in lightning forays,'' said Krantz, 67, a diminutive gabber who was clad during a recent New York visit in a muted green Chanel suit.
He was around during the 1992 election, feeding reporters who came to Arkansas all the anti-Clinton material they could swallow.
Roosevelt, Prime Minister Winston Churchill and their top generals at a conference in Quebec in August 1943 and again during meetings in Cairo and Tehran that winter.
Some soldiers drifted to earth 35 miles from their drop zones, while others were machine-gunned to death during the eternal 43 seconds it took to touch down from 700 feet.
Allied air superiority, Rommel complained, left German forces ``completely paralyzed'' during the day; the 2nd Panzer Division took 17 days to move from Toulouse to Normandy, normally a three-day trip.
And Normandy marked the beginning, agonizing though it was, of an enduring epoch of peace and stability in a Western Europe that included a peaceful, stable Germany.
Eisenhower later commented about Taylor's mission into Rome: ``The risks he ran were greater than I asked any other agent or emissary to undertake during the war .
But German defenses stiffened during a deadly fall and winter.
Even during this 50th anniversary commemoration of World War II, Italy is virtually ignored.
Clinton selected Gibbons to represent him during part of the 50th anniversary commemoration of the invasion, beginning this weekend.
Some observers have suggested these movements, especially during periods of market crisis, could require fund managers to hold cash to meet redemptions and possibly to sell securities into a declining market.
of how bond-fund investors behaved during April lends some credence to the idea that level-load shareholders are likely to flee faster than other shareholders when markets encounter turbulence.
Akihito and Empress Michiko will spend four nights in Washington during the 16-day trip, from June 11-15.
``The Chinese government and people welcome this decision of President Clinton.'' China had sought the removal of human rights conditions during a year of hard lobbying and diplomatic efforts.
(Charles) de Gaulle, during the Cuban missile crisis, and it was even more true during the Gulf War.
Ball, who was under secretary of state during the Kennedy and Johnson administrations and one of the few high-ranking U.S. officials to offer early and vigorous counsel against U.S. involvement in the war in Vietnam, died of cancer May 26 at New York Hospital.
Later he was an adviser to Monnet during the preliminary work that led to the creation of the European Coal and Steel Community and later the European Common Market.
In fact, the study found, visible air pollution in the two eastern parks studied is worse than in Los Angeles during the summer.
(Optional add end) However, visible pollution at Shenendoah National Park in Virginia and Great Smoky Mountains National Park in Tennessee jumped nearly 40 percent during the same period.
Time and again during the past year, the Chinese effectively called on U.S. big business to do most of the heavy lifting in carrying their case to the American public and President Clinton himself.
This approach was used in November when Chinese President Jiang Zemin held his first summit with Clinton during a Seattle visit.
Finally, during the year leading up to the Clinton decision, China hosted and feted hundreds of American political and business leaders.
This was the prize they wanted most but had been unable to win from a hostile Democratic Congress during the Bush administration, despite Bush's personal support for separating trade and human rights issues.
The State Department's special human rights envoy, assistant Secretary of State John Shattuck, who came to China to prepare for the Christopher visit, was accused by authorities of breaking Chinese law because he met with prominent dissident Wei Jingsheng during the visit.
Fortune and luck shined on Whittier (Calif.) College , however -- a personal plea from its president during a London trip a year ago led to Friday's extemporaneous commencement address from Anglican Archbishop Trevor Huddleston, an anti-apartheid activist who stood at Nelson Mandela's side during the recent South African presidential inauguration.
Veterans who actually hit the beaches during the June 6 invasion of Europe are being invited to autograph commemorative cachets postmarked with a special ``D-Day June 6 1944-1994 50th Anniversary'' cancellation stamp and tell war stories, she said.
That's because he's a scowling English bulldog that the veterans say may be kept busy licking stamps during the celebration.
He is a civil engineer who tried to enlist during WWII but was assigned instead by the government to ride herd on the production of U.S. warplanes at Lockheed and Hughes aircraft plants.
This ambition is an article of faith among a small but outspoken group of internationalists who regard the U.N. Charter as a sacred text that was regularly defiled by superpower antics during the Cold War.
The Bush administration's cynical manipulation of the Security Council during the Gulf conflict has greatly increased distrust of the United Nations in many Third World countries.
(Optional add end) Although Clinton showed a flash of anger during a press conference Thursday afternoon, one aide said that he had not expresssed anger to Watkins.
This summer, SWAT will stand guard against terrorism during the World Cup games, the same function it performed a decade ago during the Summer Olympics.
The officers who staffed SWAT in the early years -- veterans now refer to the team during that period as ``Old SWAT'' -- were dedicated to the mission but sometimes ill-equipped to carry it out.
The Slavs whose ancestors embraced Islam during Ottoman Turkey's 500-year rule are increasingly searching for solace where they can find it, as they continue to be targeted by a deadly Serb nationalist campaign of ``ethnic cleansing.'' And as Western nations turn their backs on Bosnia because its conflict seems too complex to resolve, moderates warn they have no choice but to grasp the hand of Islam, as long as it remains the only one offered to them.
The main influence of a more visible Islam has been to instill confusion among those who have long described themselves as Muslims but had little means of expressing that identity during the last century when they were ruled by Catholic Austrians, Orthodox Serbs and atheistic Communists by turns.
Mikulski, a Maryland Democrat who serves on the panel, observed with satisfaction during a voting session this week.
Reminders during the Onassis funeral of the rakishly handsome youth who was first elected to the Senate when his brother was president have been a mixed blessing for the ``Teddy'' of today.
``I've been there throughout the process, and I have to say his marriage to Vicki has been a wonderful thing for him.'' Kennedy turned to Hatch for counsel and help after the 1991 incident during which his nephew, William Kennedy Smith, was charged with rape, Hatch said.
The increase in donations, from private citizens, businesses and other government agencies, has been attributed partly to city officials' effort to prod the private sector into helping the city during its fiscal crisis.
The camera originally used by the department was damaged during the Northridge earthquake and the Police Department lacked the cash to replace it, he said.
Freeman Jr., now assistant secretary of defense, who served during the early 1980s as deputy chief of mission at the U.S. Embassy in Beijing.
Solzhenitsyn said the 5,700-mile rail journey, which will take several weeks, will allow him to make many stops and to ``see things through the window.'' He said he last saw Siberia from a prison van during his eight years in Stalin's gulag after World War II -- the seminal experience for his powerful writings against the Soviet system.
Sharing that opinion is Harold Brown, who served as defense secretary during the Carter administration.
Instead, he applied the grueling self-discipline he adopted during his years in Stalin's gulags .
An enduring economic relationship appears certain.
Instead, U.S. policy is moving in the direction of less-restricted arms sales.'' In a paper titled ``In Search of Arms Control,'' she pointed to Clinton's support of major arms-sales contracts during the 1992 election campaign and while in office; his loosening of controls on high-technology exports; the taxpayer subsidy of U.S. company displays at foreign air shows; and an Air Force plan to sell up to 360 used F-16s abroad to enable it to buy up to 88 more sophisticated planes.
Marchers waved banners saying: ``Beggars cannot be choosers.'' Major was unrepentant during a campaign stop Saturday, saying, ``I stand by what I said.
Jerusalem was physically divided between Arabs and Jews until 1967, when Israel evicted Jordanian troops from East Jerusalem during the Six Day War.
Aides say Clinton hopes to put several more Latinos in the appeals courts during the next couple of months in hopes that one will emerge as a likely high court nominee by the time the next vacancy occurs.
At 18, he became a full party member, quickly taking on responsibility in the Saarland region for stirring the party's youth into street actions during the tumultuous final days of Germany's Weimar Republic.
His comparatively light sentence and preferential treatment during his imprisonment led to persistent rumors that he had cooperated in some way with his Nazi captors.
Reagan, who spent World War II in Hollywood making training and propaganda films for the Army, staged what many consider the most effective piece of political theater of his presidency on the cliffs above the Normandy beaches during the 1984 ceremonies celebrating the 40th anniversary of the D-day landings.
Chu, for example, belongs to an organization of elderly Shanghainese stripped of their assets during the communist era and brutally bullied by Mao Zedong's Red Guards.
European refugees fleeing Bolshevism and Nazism flooded in by the tens of thousands during the era between the two world wars, as did Chinese refugees fleeing civil strife and the Japanese invasion.
The communists rid the city of its most sordid blight, and Shanghai became a bastion of ultra-leftist zealotry during Mao's reign.
Now, almost exactly five years have passed, and during these years, the world has changed tremendously.
I am used to waiting 20 minutes instead of five for a bus during rush hour.
A lot of the black people I do business with or come into contact with during the day -- they aren't like that.
You wonder what would have happened if they'd passed such a law during the Vietnam era, singling out protesters who sat down in front of draft boards.
During the decorating-down years (on average, people replace furniture only 1½ times during their lifetimes, designer Vladimir Kagan says), we freshen our nests with small decorative items.
In fact, the highest estimate of violent deaths of all kinds during the entire 20th century is around 100 million.
It's the freest and most enduring democracy every created, so the idea of participating as an elected leader is very exciting to me.'' Most Republicans who endorsed her nomination had barely heard of McCaughey, but her clash with Clinton has given her unique celebrity status.
Gordievsky also wrote that on May 27, 1985, he was drugged, interrogated by KGB officials in the Soviet Union and ``directly accused of working for the British.'' Ames has said he cannot remember the date he passed the envelope, but during an interview last month placed it ``some months'' after March 1985.
Then, during the 1980s, the Israeli government intensified substantially its financial incentives to lure more Israelis to settle in the West Bank.
Betsey Wright, President Clinton's longtime chief of staff during his Arkansas governor days and now a Washington lobbyist, is widely regarded as smart and politically savvy.
She coined the phrase ``bimbo eruptions'' in an interview during the presidential campaign -- on the spur of the moment, she later said, because she couldn't bring the term ``gold digger'' to mind.
``He stood up and said he didn't inhale.'' Wright acknowledged some of the stress she felt during the campaign in tearful comments that she made at a post-election forum of campaign players at Harvard.
Arkansans are much warmer to Wright than the crowd that gathered around Clinton during and after the presidential campaign.
New Delhi's wide streets were deserted during much of the day as wary residents avoided the burning sun and searing breezes that felt as if they were venting from a brick kiln.
But he gave in to right-wing pressure earlier this month when he canceled plans, originally made by Hosokawa, to have Emperor Akihito visit the Pearl Harbor Memorial in Honolulu during a trip to the United States in June.
``The Distinguished Gentleman'' scored $10.5 million in its first weekend during the Christmas season in December 1992.
He later told police that he was upset by Hosokawa's statements on Japan's role during World War II and his economic policies, Japanese news reports said.
Shortly after his election last summer, Hosokawa became the first Japanese prime minister to candidly state that Japan had waged a war of aggression during the 1930s and 1940s.
A new tax system must be adopted to replace the one imposed by the Israeli army during its occupation; the new administration would like to lower the burden carried by local businessmen to foster an economic resurgence.
He ignored a lone heckler, who shouted ``Go back to Oxford, you traitor, draft-dodger.'' Clinton's avoidance of the military draft while studying in England in the late 1960s brought harsh criticism from veterans during his 1992 presidential campaign, and last Memorial Day -- his first as commander in chief -- he met with heckling and a cool reception when he spoke at the Vietnam Veterans' Memorial.
 New Croatian Money Anathema to Serbs (Zagreb)  ZAGREB, Croatia Croatia Monday revived a currency used during a pro-Nazi World War II regime as part of celebrations marking the third anniversary of independence.
Asked during a Saturday night television interview whether the reintroduction of the kuna would harm relations with Serbs, Tudjman replied: ``Serbs in Croatia must understand they are a minority.'' Slavko Goldstein, a leader of Croatia's tiny Jewish community and a publisher in Zagreb, said he believed Tudjman's move, despite his personal history as a veteran of the war against the Ustashe state, would offend those in Croatia who suffered.
But even some of his own senior aides worry that the trip instead will remind Americans of Clinton's efforts to avoid the draft during the Vietnam war and underscore questions about his performance as commander-in- chief since becoming president.
Milwaukee-based Manpower's quarterly employment survey of more than 15,000 companies nationwide showed that 29 percent of the firms responding to the survey expect to undertake additional hiring during the summer while 7 percent plan staff reductions.
It said that its survey of Southern employers, confirms that the South is in a period of ``general employment expansion.'' The recession-wracked West and Northeast, both of which had lagged behind other regions in job growth, also will make gains during the summer quarter, Manpower said.
``Fifty years ago the world learned just what Americans are capable of,'' Clinton noted during a Memorial Day service at Arlington National Cemetery.
Straining to see and hear him from her wheelchair was retired Army nurse Dorothy Fearn Olsen, who had treated D-Day casualties during her 19 months as a combat nurse.
He was an aide to Louis Farrakhan, head of the Nation of Islam, until he was demoted following a national outcry over antisemitic remarks he made during a speech last November in New Jersey.
Benson's image as a foe of many small farmers was bolstered when he was battered by eggs thrown at him during a speaking engagement in South Dakota.
Authorities say one measure of his unpopularity among farmers was the steady loss of Republican votes in congressional elections in farm states during the 1950s.
We don't have the communication that we used to.'' Muhammad had come to Riverside to make the second of two speeches in the Los Angeles area over the weekend (Riverside is about 60 miles east of Los Angeles.) The shooting Sunday night occurred despite tight security inside the University of California, Riverside, auditorium during his two-hour speech.
Muhammad drew cheers during his speech when he described whites as satanic and Jews as oppressors.
A resident of Los Angeles, Wazir Muhammad was said to be with Khallid Muhammad during the speech but not at his side when the shooting took place.
(Riverside is about 60 miles east of Los Angeles.) The shooting Sunday night occurred despite tight security inside the University of California, Riverside, auditorium during his two-hour speech.
Muhammad drew cheers during his speech when he described whites as satanic and Jews as oppressors.
A resident of Los Angeles, Wazir Muhammad was said to be with Khallid Muhammad during the speech but not at his side when the shooting took place.
The prison was notorious during the Israeli occupation for its confinement of Palestinians and was ``liberated'' with great celebration by Palestinians when the Israelis withdrew from Gaza May 18.
Cohesive cultures that have been studied and assumed to be stable and enduring are now being wiped out.'' On her first trip to East Africa as special envoy, Wells will sound out the prospects for reviving regional peace talks and for expediting the flow of relief aid, State Department officials said.
You can't book flights into the U.S. during the finals.
As part of an agreement between the broadcasters, World Cup '94 and FIFA, the international soccer federation, commercials will only be shown during the pre- and post-game shows and at halftime.
(End optional trim) The international and U.S. groups organizing the World Cup have designated levels of sponsorship, including ``official sponsors,'' who pay $17 million to $20 million for advertising rights, including billboard space on the playing fields in full view of TV cameras during the 52 games; ``marketing partners,'' who pay up to $10 million for ads on one side of the World Cup playing fields, and a variety of less expensive regional sponsorships.
In addition, each TV ``gold'' sponsor is rumored to have paid ABC nearly $3.5 million for game exposure throughout the 52 matches and for an undetermined number of 30-second spots during halftime and the pre- and post-game shows.
By comparison, a 30-second spot during last year's Super Bowl cost $900,000.
The second is that many of the Bush administration positions, including those singled out by Clinton during the campaign, were easier to criticize than to correct.
In nations friendlier to the United States, such actions further the perception that the United States isn't up to the task of coping with Bosnia, the area for which there has perhaps been the widest gap between U.S. words and U.S. deeds during the Clinton administration.
On Sunday, 600 members of the 82nd and 101st Airborne Divisions, along with an Italian combat infantry team, will jump over Amfreville, simulating the leap by wind-scattered paratroopers during the invasion.
You can't book flights into the U.S. during the finals.
As part of an agreement between the broadcasters, World Cup '94 and FIFA, the international soccer federation, commercials will only be shown during the pre- and post-game shows and at halftime.
(End optional trim) The international and U.S. groups organizing the World Cup have designated levels of sponsorship, including ``official sponsors,'' who pay $17 million to $20 million for advertising rights, including billboard space on the playing fields in full view of TV cameras during the 52 games; ``marketing partners,'' who pay up to $10 million for ads on one side of the World Cup playing fields, and a variety of less expensive regional sponsorships.
In addition, each TV ``gold'' sponsor is rumored to have paid ABC nearly $3.5 million for game exposure throughout the 52 matches and for an undetermined number of 30-second spots during halftime and the pre- and post-game shows.
By comparison, a 30-second spot during last year's Super Bowl cost $900,000.
 Part-Time Workers Mushroom in U.S. Labor Force  ``The husband works two jobs; the wife works two jobs; the kid works at McDonald's; and the dog stays home and watches TV.'' That vision of families surviving on low-paying, part-time jobs was delivered by Ted Bloom, business agent for New York Teamsters Local 810, during a recent demonstration at the Statue of Liberty.
You can't book flights into the U.S. during the finals.
As part of an agreement between the broadcasters, World Cup '94 and FIFA, the international soccer federation, commercials will only be shown during the pre- and post-game shows and at halftime.
(End optional trim) The international and U.S. groups organizing the World Cup have designated levels of sponsorship, including ``official sponsors,'' who pay $17 million to $20 million for advertising rights, including billboard space on the playing fields in full view of TV cameras during the 52 games; ``marketing partners,'' who pay up to $10 million for ads on one side of the World Cup playing fields, and a variety of less expensive regional sponsorships.
In addition, each TV ``gold'' sponsor is rumored to have paid ABC nearly $3.5 million for game exposure throughout the 52 matches and for an undetermined number of 30-second spots during halftime and the pre- and post-game shows.
By comparison, a 30-second spot during last year's Super Bowl cost $900,000.
Breyer's friends say that as a justice he will emerge as a newly liberated champion of an updated form of judicial liberalism -- one who will uphold strong protections of civil rights and civil liberties but be more skeptical about the ability of federal judges to improve society than was the case during the court's liberal era under former chief justice Earl Warren.
If you look at the summer as comprising 12 weekends during which you and your friends will consume a bottle per weekend day, you'll need two cases of wine at minimum.
She also defended Japanese-Americans during World War II, who were rounded up.'' For Kopple, directing fiction was not much different from making a documentary.
She was dealing on such a public level that impacts all of our lives and would some of the small concerns that we go through during the day hold up in the bigger world?'' Documentaries, Kopple says, ``have so much drama and passion what we were afraid, `Would the fictional hold up to the documentary because the documentary is so strong?' Not until we got into the editing room did we see that yes, this is going to work.'' ``A Century of Women'' airs Tuesday-Thursday on TBS; all six hours repeat June 18.
Here on the patch of Providence now known as College Hill, today's visitor will find little evidence of Williams' original community -- it was nearly destroyed in 1676 during the Indian uprising called King Philip's War.
``In Paris I took cooking lessons and French lessons during the day and then cooked for my darling husband at night.'' Back in New York and raising two daughters in the Dakota Apartments, a bachelor in the building called one night in a panic.
In 13th century France, more than 2,000 facilities were built to house sufferers rounded up by the government during an epidemic.
In their legitimate outrage over the federal government's shameful slowness to act on AIDS during the last decade, activists forced quick approval of unproven drugs.
Besides exploring death-penalty issues, Grisham uses ``The Chamber'' to discuss the social conditions that existed during the height of civil rights tensions in the South.
Once they're safe, back at home in the garden, she says, ``Well, perhaps books aren't boring after all!'' The endpapers include the nursery rhymes referred to during the children's romp through the pages.
(Please note that some books may be in stores the month before their official publication date.) BIOGRAPHY, MEMOIRS: ``All's Fair: Love, War and Running for President'' by Mary Matalin and James Carville with Peter Knobler (Random House, August) is a joint memoir by the now-married political rivals who were on opposite sides of the campaign fence during the 1992 presidential election.
CURRENT EVENTS: Bob Woodward goes behind the scenes during President Clinton's effort to get an economic recovery plan through Congress in ``The Agenda: Inside the Clinton White House'' (Simon Schuster, June).
He writes: ``There were days during this time (before Gary was executed) that I wanted to kill the world.
``Winnipeg is a wonderful place in the summer,'' said Ridley, who still takes his family home for vacation during hockey's off-season.
 History Re-Riveted on `A Century of Women'  Tina Hill is always asked the same question: Did she know she was making history when she became a ``Rosie the Riveter'' during World War II?
She found unheard-of economic freedom for a black woman when she began working in one of the many defense-industry facilities sprouting in Southern California during World War II.
Finally, during the cold, wind-swept fall of 1992, the movie was shot.
``In searchlights they looked exactly like real paratroopers.'' They were made of straw by professional toymakers (``there was a shortage of toys during the war because the toymakers were so occupied with deceptions'') and were designed to explode on impact.
Flight attendants may withhold vital information if ``the flight deck responds by jumping down someone's throat.'' Nancy Gilmer, chairman of the Association of Flight Attendants' safety committee, said flight attendants are trained to inform pilots of possible problems, but ``it hasn't been stressed in training.'' The report said a major source of confusion is the Federal Aviation Administration's ``sterile cockpit'' rule, which says that crew members should strictly stick to their duties during ``a critical phase of flight.'' Generally, this is interpreted to mean any operations below 10,000 feet.
Rubin, a former Wall Street executive, likens their current anxiety to that of a white-knuckled trader sitting with a billion-dollar block of Treasury bonds during a unexpected dip in the market.
Despite winning a ratings triple crown during the last television season -- taking the top spot in the prime time, daytime and late night Nielsens -- in recent months the network of ``Murphy Brown'' and ``Late Night With David Letterman'' has been showing clear signs of deterioration.
For one thing, CBS has failed to develop a new hit series during the recently completed TV season.
ABC, meanwhile, has scored with ``Home Improvement,'' ``NYPD Blue,'' and ``Grace Under Fire,'' while NBC has a new ratings winner in ``Frasier.'' Helped by the addition of the Super Bowl and World Series next season, ``I think there's a strong chance ABC will replace CBS as number one,'' said Jack Shubert, corporate media director at Earle Palmer Brown, a regional ad agency based in Bethesda, Md. ``ABC has a lot of strong comedies (``Roseanne,'' ``Home Improvement,'' ``Coach,'' etc.) anchoring its schedule during the week.
Indeed, advertising buyers still expect the network to command the largest share of dollars spent during the upcoming ``upfront'' season, the period in which ad agencies purchase air time for their clients on fall programs.
The 800 business also benefited during the economic downturn, which forced companies to try to become more marketing savvy, analysts said.
(Begin optional trim) Psychologically and politically, the U.S. casualties taken that day and during the subsequent 11 months of fighting until Nazi Germany's surrender gave America little option but to push aside instinct, reject a return to isolationism and instead stay on to help preserve the peace in Europe.
Some sharp foreign policy clashes during the Carter and Reagan presidencies and a love-hate relationship with the growing American cultural invasion led many Europeans to nurture a new stereotype of the United States -- that of a powerful, but naive ally, whose quick-trigger, overly simplistic world view constituted a danger only slightly less than that emanating from Moscow.
Over the years, they have launched a series of counterattacks -- most notably in December, when they fought to the last bitter minute to successfully retain their leaky defenses against the growing influx of American films and television programs during global trade negotiations.
ASEAN came into its own during the Cambodian crisis, which for 10 years was the focus of ASEAN discussions.
An estimated 100,000 East Timorese, a sixth of the population, died during the 1970s as a result of the invasion, a subsequent famine and efforts to crush guerrilla resistance, human-rights groups have reported.
At a special time Wednesday, NBC's ``Now With Tom Brokaw and Katie Couric'' has an emotional reunion of two vets who had not seen each other for 50 years after having become friends during battle in World War II.
 Reports Show Economy Slowing Down (Washn)  WASHINGTON There are mounting signs that the buying spree American consumers began at the end of 1991 may be over, signaling that the economy likely will expand more slowly in coming months than it did during the burst of growth at the end of last year.
He chafed during the tenure of Rep.
It was during this seniors' rebellion that a group of elderly citizens chased the chairman down a Chicago street, shouting: ``Impeach Rostenkowski.'' As Rostenkowski increased his power on the committee, he began to run the panel like a Chicago ward boss, disbursing benefits and demanding loyalty in return.
Churchill, during a dinner conversation with another nurse at the hospital, criticized a policy allowing on-the-job training of nurses from other departments.
Consider hiring practices: By some estimates, one in five jobs generated during the recovery has been temporary, saving employers much of the expense of permanent staffers who qualify for full benefits.
A formal agreement on a processing facility could be announced during these meetings, officials said, and the first Haitians could be brought to Jamaica as early as the beginning of next week.
A second person allegedly received $48,400 during a four-year period while performing no government work.
Then, during a 21-month period in July 1989 and April 1991, Rostenkowski obtained $9,800 more in exchange for vouchers and stamps, prosecutors said, noting that the alleged scheme ended one month later when Capitol Police began investigating allegations of embezzlement.
Before testifying, however, the engraver, whom Holder declined to identify, was instructed by Rostenkowski during a telephone call not to tell the grand jury about the Capitol sculptures he had engraved for the congressman.
Dan Rostenkowski's brusque style during nearly 36 years in Congress has reflected the spoils-system, take-no-prisoners politics practiced in his hometown of Chicago; so ``Rosty'' was doing what comes naturally when he decided not to holler ``uncle'' and accept a plea bargain.
