Vallone said he had formed the task force ``to investigate why these negotiations seem to have gone on in secret and if the city's Department of Environmental Protection was informed.'' Vallone also said the inquiry would look into conditions at the utility's Astoria, N.Y., plant, a 260-acre site that is used in part to collect and store thousands of gallons of PCB-contaminated oil before it is transported out of the city.
Here are two stories I loved from ``Baseball: An Illustrated History,'' which is the forthcoming companion volume to Ken Burns' documentary that will be televised on PBS this fall: There was a condemned murderer in Nevada who begged to be allowed to umpire one last prison-league game before he died.
 (BC-BKN-LAKERS-HARRIS-LADN) Only minutes before, the Lakers' summer league team had polished off the Clippers in a high-scoring, little-defense game typical for July.
``There is not a chance we will have the product in the stores before January,'' Ballmer said, adding that Microsoft might not start recording significant revenue from the sale of Chicago until April.
EVANS MAKES A BIG SPLASH IN 800 AT HER OWN MEET LOS ANGELES  (BC-SWIM-EVANS-LADN) It was like one of those national elections where the winner is projected long before all the results are in.
``If he does something like that, you know he's (upset) about something.'' What he was upset about occurred before the press conference began.
For Lieutenant Bryant, an honors graduate of Princeton University only two months before her death, it was only to be a short stay, serving in the Army Reserve Officers Training Corps Cadet Command.
She had expected to remain at Fort Bragg a few more weeks before leaving for Missouri and additional officer training before starting a three-year tour of duty in Germany.
``Everything was foreign before,'' said Montana, who helped guide the Chiefs to within one step of the Super Bowl in his first year with the team.
``That had never happened before,'' Montana said.
He's just not been the general manager of a basketball team before.
Her attorney, Tamar Toister, maintains medical evidence shows the baby already suffered a skull fracture before his mother, Toni Majoy-Young, dropped him off at Cummings' Reseda home June 15, 1990.
The baby sitter said Kevin had been vomiting for a week and had a sickly pallor the day before he was taken to the hospital.
But he's also worthy of our respect.'' Switzer recognized that even before Blake began building a resume including two training camps (1991-92) with the Cowboys as a minority fellowship coach and various positions on the OU staff since 1986.
``It's a multiple of things we're doing,'' Meyer said Thursday at the West End Marketplace, ``and we're going to do it all before the Chief race.'' The Motorplex is scheduled to play host to the ninth annual Chief Nationals -- Round 17 of the National Hot Rod Association Winston Drag Racing Series -- Oct.
``So, we have elected to put grandstands in the pit area, which will be something no one has ever done before,'' said Meyer, who added the premier teams in Top Fuel, Funny Car and Pro Stock will have portable low-level grandstand sections set up next to their tractor trailers.
But even before that happens -- and the difficulties of preparing this force are formidable -- the French should be building bridges to the new government, assuring it of full cooperation and demonstrating their commitment to justice by detaining all those who may have been responsible for organizing the slaughters.
But even before that happens -- and the difficulties of preparing this force are formidable -- the French should be building bridges to the new government, assuring it of full cooperation and demonstrating their commitment to justice by detaining all those who may have been responsible for organizing the slaughters.
One is a ``cattle car wash'' to rid the animals of caked filth before they are slaughtered.
Veterinary scientists say that changes in livestock feeding and management before slaughter might reduce the presence of bacteria.
One is a ``cattle car wash'' to rid the animals of caked filth before they are slaughtered.
Veterinary scientists say that changes in livestock feeding and management before slaughter might reduce the presence of bacteria.
In contrast to the rest of Con Edison's system -- where demand peaks around 4 p.m., before offices begin to empty for the day -- evening is when demand for electricity on the Upper East Side is highest, Con Edison officials said.
Roche, a Swiss pharmaceutical giant, which spent $2 billion in 1990 for a 60 percent stake in Genentech, now admits that biotechnology will not produce any major disease-destroying drugs before 1997 at the earliest.
With the poor record of biotech drugs, the American patent office has begun to ask for more data about their usefulness before considering patent approvals -- something it does not do for conventional drugs.
Unlike, say, the semiconductor industry, which was built around one invention, biotechnology is spread across a wide range of technologies, from genetic engineering to multiparameter flow cytometry (look it up before investing).
Roche, a Swiss pharmaceutical giant, which spent $2 billion in 1990 for a 60 percent stake in Genentech, now admits that biotechnology will not produce any major disease-destroying drugs before 1997 at the earliest.
With the poor record of biotech drugs, the American patent office has begun to ask for more data about their usefulness before considering patent approvals -- something it does not do for conventional drugs.
Unlike, say, the semiconductor industry, which was built around one invention, biotechnology is spread across a wide range of technologies, from genetic engineering to multiparameter flow cytometry (look it up before investing).
Parents are urged to learn more about the film before taking children.
	Backbeat R 	Meet the Beatles before they were the Beatles in this British film about the birth of the legendary band and the death of Stuart Sutcliffe, the so-called ``Fifth Beatle.'' 	Bad Girls R 	Madeleine Stowe, Andie MacDowell, Drew Barrymore and Mary Stuart Masterson are working girls out West, on the run to Oregon, after Stowe plugs a murderously unruly client.
And they could be sued by their employees or hied before federal judges for violation of any one of a mountain of laws and regulations.
Foley, D-Wash., says he will hold a floor debate on the recommendations before the August recess.
Or he can take a front office job, director of football operations, before then.
It was more than a year before he made his decision.
I lived there for 12 years and I didn't have any trouble until just before I left in the early '80s.
SUMMER BASKETBALL LEAGUES GIVE KIDS CHANCE TO IMPRESS AUSTIN, Texas  (BC-SUMMERBALL-COX) As he prepared to warm up before practice one night recently, William Stringfellow was acutely aware he was doing more than merely warming up.
The night before, new Oklahoma coach Kelvin Sampson had been there.
Coaches were well aware of Clack, Stringfellow, et al, long before the players gathered in May to play in Fastbreak.
Details over border disputes, water resources and the fate of Palestinian refugees living in Jordan still must be settled before Rabin and King Hussein can sign a formal peace treaty -- an event that by most accounts is still months away.
But they became known elsewhere, because Senate Labor Committee Chairman Edward Kennedy, D-Mass., launched the ad, demonstrators in 20 cities backed it up, business leaders counterattacked, Kennedy asked fast-food executives to testify before his committee, and both sides plan to run follow-up ads.
But even before that happens -- and the difficulties of preparing this force are formidable -- the French should be building bridges to the new government, assuring it of full cooperation and demonstrating their commitment to justice by detaining all those who may have been responsible for organizing the slaughters.
But even before that happens -- and the difficulties of preparing this force are formidable -- the French should be building bridges to the new government, assuring it of full cooperation and demonstrating their commitment to justice by detaining all those who may have been responsible for organizing the slaughters.
One is a ``cattle car wash'' to rid the animals of caked filth before they are slaughtered.
Veterinary scientists say that changes in livestock feeding and management before slaughter might reduce the presence of bacteria.
One is a ``cattle car wash'' to rid the animals of caked filth before they are slaughtered.
Veterinary scientists say that changes in livestock feeding and management before slaughter might reduce the presence of bacteria.
Roche, a Swiss pharmaceutical giant, which spent $2 billion in 1990 for a 60 percent stake in Genentech, now admits that biotechnology will not produce any major disease-destroying drugs before 1997 at the earliest.
With the poor record of biotech drugs, the American patent office has begun to ask for more data about their usefulness before considering patent approvals -- something it does not do for conventional drugs.
Unlike, say, the semiconductor industry, which was built around one invention, biotechnology is spread across a wide range of technologies, from genetic engineering to multiparameter flow cytometry (look it up before investing).
Roche, a Swiss pharmaceutical giant, which spent $2 billion in 1990 for a 60 percent stake in Genentech, now admits that biotechnology will not produce any major disease-destroying drugs before 1997 at the earliest.
With the poor record of biotech drugs, the American patent office has begun to ask for more data about their usefulness before considering patent approvals -- something it does not do for conventional drugs.
Unlike, say, the semiconductor industry, which was built around one invention, biotechnology is spread across a wide range of technologies, from genetic engineering to multiparameter flow cytometry (look it up before investing).
Others tried parading their opposition on the streets, with often fatal results, before choosing the path of emigration to Moscow.
Others tried parading their opposition on the streets, with often fatal results, before choosing the path of emigration to Moscow.
What I had was sinus polyp surgery, the grisly details of which I won't go into other than to say that the procedure is basically similar to reaming out a clogged tub drain with one of those 10-foot-long plumber's helpers, the only difference being that plumbers, to my knowledge, don't render their customers unconscious before gouging out the soap scum and hair balls.
(Let me state for the record that I am categorically opposed to giving plumbers the authority to dispense powerful narcotics, though I see nothing wrong with them handing out a mild sedative or two before delivering the bill.) Sinus polyps are bad because they impede your breathing and sometimes lead to infections and other things too disgusting to mention.
Ivanhoe expects that Laura will be able to walk before she leaves the facility.
A practice mode allows the child time to understand how to play the games before going for the ``normal'' level of play.
And he admits that he never told anyone about it before telling me.
``Then somebody said that she had said that Marines should be rehabilitated before being returned to the states because they were so brutal.
``Luckily, I made it back to my camp just before roll call,'' Pritchett said.
The next day he says that we misunderstood him the day before, that it might have sounded as though he said he ``can'' live without universal coverage but what he really said was, he ``cannot'' live without universal coverage.
Long before spin doctors, sound bites and photo ops had entered the political lexicon, Ms. Brown was a well-established consultant -- coaching the voices, choosing the clothes and doing the makeup for some of the nation's most influential leaders as they learned how to put themselves across on a powerful new medium, television.
And every so often, she says, President Clinton calls her in to do his makeup, as he did earlier this month for an overseas television broadcast just before his trip to Europe.
Because her career has been such a long one, Ms. Brown met many of the nation's political figures years before their rise to prominence.
``I'd known L.B.J. for nine years before he became president,'' she said.
	FED (Washington) -- Fed chief Greenspan testifies further before the House about why future inflation seems like a risk, while Janet Yellen gives her monetary policy views for the first time at her Senate confirmation hearing for a seat on the Federal Reserve Board.
Bush, say they want horse- and dog-racing to become more firmly established before allowing the state to get into the casino business.
``We're under the clock here,'' Dodd said, referring to the White House's desire to have Pastor confirmed by the Senate in August before the Sept.
Pastor reminded committee members that before President Jimmy Carter certified the release of the aid to Nicaragua, the president shared all the intelligence with the House and Senate in an unusual secret session of Congress.
They released earnings Thursday, with Silicon Graphics's coming just before the close of trading and Sun's arriving right after.
At each destination, North also bumps into a kind of guardian angel (Bruce Willis) who pops up in different guises to dispense sage advice -- mostly, variations on ``There's no place like home.'' Now, where have we heard that before?
``This disaster, which is unfolding before our eyes, is our collective responsibility,'' Boutros-Ghali pointedly told representatives of about 150 nations gathered here.
This happened to me last summer when a cranky farmer at the Greenmarket in Union Square refused to tell me the name of a very ugly, very delicious heirloom tomato that he identified only as ``No. 3.'' I gobbled up three and saved the fourth for seeds, which meant letting it get super-ripe before scooping the seeds and their jellylike covering into a little container.
Much less do you begin to advocate spending billions of dollars in incentives to encourage aspiring lawyers to gouge their eyes out before attending their first class in Torts and Contracts.
The separate hearings before the House and Senate banking committees do not even focus squarely on the meat of the Whitewater matter -- the Clintons' joint investment in Ozark Mountain development property with James McDougal, whose Madison Guaranty Savings & Loan went belly-up in 1989 at a cost of more than $50 million to taxpayers.
By keeping Congress in session, Democratic leaders might not endear themselves to many members of Congress -- especially members who have scheduled vacations with their families before school begins in September, according to Walker.
Trying to understand the biochemical differences between people before it was possible to have technical access to DNA itself, he conducted experiments using the protein products of DNA from blood or urine to determine how the body works.
Brian Atwood, the administration's humanitarian point-man, testified Friday at a hearing before the House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa.
That way, he said, it could come up for final passage in September before Congress adjourns for 1994.
``It is crucial we get the bill introduced before Congress goes out,'' he said.
Kassebaum, Pritchard said, wants the Kansas delegation united before she moves forward.
Nothing less than a gold would satisfy the expectations of American fans.'' That is the objective, not a scheduled exhibition against Dream Team II in late July in Oakland, which is a final prep for the NBA stars before the world championships in Toronto.
Don't be surprised to see a three-guard offense before the Games end.
``Things are going to get more difficult at the time of the elections,'' he said, slouching at a school desk with his feet stretched out before him.
Seton Hall finished 17-13 last season, 8-10 and in seventh place in the Big East, before receiving an invitation to the National Collegiate Athletic Association tournament for the fourth consecutive season and sixth in the last seven.
But the Hall lost three key starters in Arturas Karnishovas, Bryan Caver and Darrell Mims, as well as the reserve Tchaka Shipp (who was set to transfer to Cal-Irvine before being injured in a car accident earlier this week).
Jacob and, before him, by the equally well-regarded Vernon Jordan.
Even before taking his new CEO job, however, Price had ascended to heights attained by few others.
One hour before the doors were opened on the Madison Avenue store on Sept.
To say we mistreat our vendors is just unfair and inaccurate.'' True, Barneys never experienced a vendor revolt before last fall.
``With the two big new stores, a manufacturer's exposure to them is much larger than it has been before,'' said Rhonda Weiner, who represents about 20 children's wear manufacturers, some of whom sell to Barneys.
The company, he says, expects to nearly double its domestic sales to about $350 million this year, while earnings before taxes and depreciation should also double to roughly $32 million.
Still, there could be a couple more Barneys stores before long.
This is no secret on Seventh Avenue and most designers expect some ritual haggling before they are paid.
About 15 minutes before the deorbit burn, ground controllers called off the landing.
Machado, a deputy chief investigator who had been a police lieutenant before retiring to join the panel, has not found a job, but says he will spend three weeks on the New Jersey shore with a sense of achievement.
But the pharmaceutical giant settled the $21 million lawsuit filed in 1989 by Grundberg and her daughter just before the civil trial was to begin in August 1991.
But both believe that the world trade pact that the United States and 116 other nations recently signed and is now before Congress would be a mistake.
If only Washington had done half as much before this human flood crested.
The views that Ms. Yellen sketched out at her confirmation hearing before the Senate Banking Committee on Friday suggested that she might be slightly less willing than her future colleagues to raise rates to curb inflation, but would still fall within the mainstream at the central bank.
``I agree with the Fed's decision to reduce monetary stimulus -- before the emergence of obvious inflationary pressure -- in order to avoid overshooting the natural rate'' of economic growth, she said.
``On the other hand, the appropriate amount of tightening involves some guesswork and it is difficult to know whether the actions that have been taken thus far will prove sufficient to prevent overheating, insufficient to the task at hand or possibly excessive.'' By contrast, when Federal Resere Chairman Alan Greenspan testified Friday before the House Banking Committee, he never mentioned any possibility that the central bank might have gone too far.
In previous appearances before Congress this year, he has warned that such expectations can be self-fulfilling and that breaking them with higher interest rates is one of the Fed's top priorities.
Spread before him like a great tempestuous lake, thousands of supporters shook their fists, chanted his name and cheered his call for a more democratic country.
In the past, candidates of the governing party campaigned by stumping before big crowds brought in by trucks without worrying much about the effect of their message on the assembled voters.
Right before or after the reports, the network often broadcasts paid Zedillo campaign commercials with more warm praise from men and women on the street.
The opposition parties say they don't have enough money to advertise on television before the end of the campaign.
``This disaster, which is unfolding before our eyes, is our collective responsibility,'' Boutros-Ghali said in an address to representatives of about 150 nations gathered here.
That was soon before it plunged to 40.
That was soon before it plunged to 40.
But supporters of the president's plan, including several large labor unions and health groups, have launched a bus campaign to drum up public support before Congress prepares to vote on legislation next month.
Four buses left downtown Portland on a trip that will take them through 13 states before arriving in Washington, D.C. President Clinton is tentatively expected to speak at a rally when the bus rolls through Independence, Mo., next weekend.
But before all that, there's ``The Mask.'' Filmed before ``Ace'' was released, this astonishing, computer-assisted action-comedy-musical should convince anyone who doesn't already believe it that Carrey really comes from Toontown, not Toronto, as he claims.
``I had been recommending the stock, but feeling like there was a bunker mentality about it.'' Drawing credit for Apple's apparent turnaround is Michael Spindler, a German who was head of Apple's European business before becoming president last summer and eventually also assuming the title of chief executive after Sculley left the company last fall.
Friday, before the panel began deliberating on the sentence, witnesses were allowed to argue for or against maximum penalties.
But supporters of the president's plan, including several large labor unions and health groups, have launched a bus campaign to drum up public support before Congress prepares to vote on legislation next month.
Four buses left downtown Portland on a trip that will take them through 13 states before arriving in Washington, D.C. President Clinton is tentatively expected to speak at a rally when the bus rolls through Independence, Mo., next weekend.
The arraignment, the point at which the accused in a case officially responds to charges, was the last major judicial step before Simpson goes to trial in the June 12 killings of his former wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend Ronald L.
The motions expressed fear that the prosecution serologists would use up all the spots before defense serologists could gain access to them, and asked that such access be granted immediately.
Many more motions, statements and leaks are anticipated from the defense and prosecution teams before the trial begins, some aimed at gaining technical legal advantage, others aimed strictly at influencing potential jurors.
Under federal procedure, he was to be arraigned before a magistrate, who would consider a bail request; prosecutors then must obtain a grand jury indictment within a specified period of time, or negotiate an extension with the defendant.
According to SEC documents filed with Judge Wood before Coates was arrested, Coates continued to buy and sell his company's stock in violation of securities laws even while the commission was investigating him.
Meeting Friday, the Cabinet approved a draft bill for parliamentary approval that would allow corruption suspects to be held in custody before trial.
Anticipating a rapidly growing supply of high-quality used cars starting later this year, as a large number of two- and three-year leases come to an end, automakers are beginning to stand behind the second-hand cars their dealers sell in ways they never backed them before.
Friday morning, while the president was meeting with senior advisers before announcing the aid package, those criticisms continued in Congress.
GREENBELT, Md.  (BC-COMET-HNS) Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9's weeklong assault on distant Jupiter came to a halt early Friday as predicted, but not before disclosing the first hints of water that had eluded astronomers previously.
The final collision, just before 4 a.m. EDT, was among the largest, but the pair of fragments that slammed in hours before were ``fizzles.'' ``All of the fragments that we could see with telescopes have hit Jupiter,'' said Eugene Shoemaker, the Lowell Observatory astronomer who shares credit for the March 1993 discovery of the comet.
For now, Citadel officials said they would not only appeal the ruling on Ms. Faulkner but also seek a stay of the judge's order before Aug.
Last May, just before Ms. Faulkner's case went to trial, the federal courts ruled that a parallel program was a constitutional way of excluding women from VMI.
Yellen, sought to present herself as as a middle-of-the-road economist at at her confirmation hearing before the Senate Banking Committee.
In his previous job as president of the Sony Corp.'s Motion Picture Group, and before, Dolgen become known as one of Hollywood's most skillful cost cutters and deal makers.
Even before launching today's $100 million relief effort, he said, the United States has already spent $150 million to provide food, medicine, blankets and other help to the tens of thousands of refugees who have spilled in terror beyond the country's borders to camps in Tanzania, Uganda and Zaire.
CLINTON ASKS SENATE LEADER TO STAND FIRM ON UNIVERSAL COVERAGE WASHINGTON  (BC-HEALTH-RDP-580&ADD-NYT) President Clinton and Hillary Rodham Clinton appealed to the Senate majority leader on Thursday to stand firm for the idea of health insurance for all Americans, rather than make concessions before debate begins, two leading Democrats said Friday.
``With a 500- or 1,000- or 1,500-page bill that we've got no report on, no language, no estimates, I would hope at that stage we would be willing to take a one-week recess before the recess and say, `All right, let's everybody look at this for one week.' This is the most important piece of legislation we've had in 25 years.
The separate hearings before the two Banking Committees will examine the federal government's handling of an investigation into the failure of an Arkansas savings association run by the Clintons' former business partner and the government's inquiry into one of the savings association's law firms, the Rose firm of Little Rock, Ark., where Hillary Rodham Clinton was a partner.
Barney Frank of Massachusetts, a senior Democrat and one of the White House's closest allies on the House Banking Committee, who was clearly trying to get what he viewed as the worst news out before the hearings.
But the drama and the difficulties of the debate hit home long before the rock group Lovemongers, formerly Heart, struck its first note, or Meredith Baxter, the star of the television program ``Family Ties'' began her opening remarks.
In December 1973, for instance, as the White House coverup of the break-in at Democratic headquarters in the Watergate apartment complex the year before began to unravel, Scott urged Nixon to make public extensive audiotapes of Oval Office conversations, convinced that the tapes would clear the president of wrongdoing.
Both sides dug in their heels, and by last Friday, four hours before yet another deadline, everyone agreed that there was no more point in talking.
Shaquille O'Neal, did you know anything about the world championship of basketball before you were asked to star in it?
Coached by Duke's Mike Krzyzewski, the U.S. won its first five games before losing to Puerto Rico 81-79 and and eventual champion Yugoslavia 99-91.
``I like Mort Zuckerman,'' Koch said, ``but I thought it was an error to let him out of the original deal.'' ``You're going to tell me that the market's changed and now the property is worth less that it was before?'' he said.
Linde, Zuckerman's partner, agreed to three means of security, including construction and completion bonds to be posted before demolition began.
But with four hours left before the MTA's deadline, the talks broke down.
Klein, deputy White House counsel, said that because details were not available tonight they could not explain whether Dalton's debt to the government should have been disclosed as a liability on his financial disclosure statement before he was confirmed last year as Navy Secretary, or in a disclosure statement filed in May.
Feared before, Bonds swears that they have gained even more respect -- and fewer pitches outside the strike zone, too, because of the addition of Strawberry.
But the rains that Tropical Storm Alberto brought to south Georgia early this month were rains that none here had seen before.
Unregulated earthen dams burst, scores of roads and bridges were washed away, and homes along Town Creek and Muckalee Creek, which had never before flooded, were inundated by raging water.
It has never flooded like that before and most likely never will again.'' In Georgia, as in most parts of the country, state officials set flood control standards and regulations by using a 100-year flood as the benchmark.
The report said Pollack was also taking a close look at class action settlements, one of the most disputed areas involving agreements reached before the establishment of the compensation fund.
Indeed, the last time she was seen in public before her death on May 19 was during a last walk in the park.
Mitchell, to stand firm for the idea of health insurance for all Americans, largely financed by employer payments, rather than make concessions before debate begins, two prominent Democrats said.
Whatever it was, it immediately bushwhacked the two prize pupils in the juvenile class of 1994 before a crowd of 20,820 watching the start of the five and a half weeks of racing in the countryside.
``The lawyer advised me to leave the country because of my political involvement and before something worse happened to me,'' Guillen said.
``The prosecution here insists that it must conduct a full battery of tests ...before the defense can perform any independent testing,'' Shapiro stated in the motion.
Lee Bailey, Alan Dershowitz, Johnnie Cochran and Gerald Uelmen have formed the Dream Team of defense attorneys in the O.J. Simpson case, I'm sure it's only a matter of time before they cut a deal for a shoe contract.
In his previous job as president of the Sony Corp.'s Motion Picture Group, and before, Dolgen become known as one of Hollywood's most skillful cost cutters and deal makers.
He's extremely knowledgeable about the law, respectful to all parties that appear before him and very tolerant.
 (BC-SIMPSON-JUDGE-2ndtake-LADN) As a prosecutor, Ito moved from the hard-core gang unit to the Complaints Division, and then to the Organized Crime unit before ending his career trying serial murder and other involved felony trials.
Some legal observers hoped that Ito would try to control leaks and statements by defense lawyers and prosecutors aimed at trying the case before the public rather than in the courtroom.
``We have more information than we ever had before, but it's not information rooted in political experience as much as in political gamesmanship.
Even before the earthquake, the company was exploring a move and entertaining offers from other communities in California, including Palmdale, and in other states, including Salt Lake City, Utah, and Portland, Ore.
Palmdale officials have said Packard Bell is waiting to see the outcome of an enterprise zone vote before making a decision.
Even before the earthquake, the company was exploring a move and entertaining offers from other communities in California, including Palmdale, and in other states, including Salt Lake City, Utah, and Portland, Ore.
Palmdale officials have said Packard Bell is waiting to see the outcome of an enterprise zone vote before making a decision.
Ms. White said the gang's impetus for taking over the C&C came in late April, a month before the first Federal crackdown, when Torres approached the leader of a rival gang, Luciano Lopez, and proposed they join forces to wrest control of the C&C's rent collections.
``For my first month at Norfolk,'' Burnitz said before the game, ``I thought I was coming back.
Even before the earthquake, the company was exploring a move and entertaining offers from other communities in California, including Palmdale, and in other states, including Salt Lake City, Utah, and Portland, Ore.
Palmdale officials have said Packard Bell is waiting to see the outcome of an enterprise zone vote before making a decision.
Feared before, Bonds swears they have gained even more respect -- and fewer pitches outside the strike zone -- because of the addition of Strawberry.
But the town moved down by the Grand River -- to an area called Elm Flat -- before the turn of the century, following the railroad into the floodplain, he said.
Unfortunately, it may be a while before the dollar returns to health, which means future CD rollovers promise escalating returns.
He transferred to Burroughs High before his junior season after his coach at Burbank wanted to convert him into an offensive lineman.
So what was the former Angel left-hander talking about before Friday night's second outing of the four-game series?
He was signed to a minor-league contract with the Yankees April 26 and played 14 games with Class AAA Columbus before being called up by the Yankees on May 14.
Melvin hit .286 with one home run in nine games with New York before going on the disabled list June 23 with a stiff neck.
``Maybe I should check about overtime pay,'' he joked Friday, before the Dodgers fell to 2-6 on their road trip with an 8-2 loss to the Expos.
``Guys have got to remember how crucial New York and Philadelphia was (where the Dodgers went 2-5 before this series).'' Meanwhile, executive vice president Fred Claire said he is ``very happy'' with Rafael Bournigal, who is batting .246 with two errors in 22 games as Offerman's replacement, and sees no need to bring Offerman back right now.
The Montreal Expos smacked a club record-tying eight doubles -- four in their preemptive four-run first inning -- and ace Ken Hill allowed one run in eight innings to deal the Dodgers their seventh loss in nine games, an 8-2 drubbing before 32,253.
Starting pitcher Pedro Astacio (6-8) threw just 19 pitches before the Dodgers were trailing 4-0.
The right-handed All-Star gave up one run on just four hits in his eight innings, before the Dodgers added an unearned run in the ninth off reliever Tim Scott.
Some guys you can get down to early, but this guy (Hill) isn't one of them.'' The loss was the sixth in eight games on this road trip, which still has two games left here before a three-game reunion showdown with Darryl Strawberry and the Giants beginning Monday at Candlestick Park.
In a way, it is only fitting that the archive is housed in East Harlem, were many of the great musicians lived and played, over the years adding their own urban interpretations to the music that had been brought over by Cuban artists decades before.
Dumas, 6-foot-6 but only 190 pounds, admits he needs to add weight and strength before the 82-game regular-season grind.
Cowboys owner Jerry Jones, who is solely responsible for the selection of Ring of Honor members, said he received a lot of fan mail and input from the media and former Cowboys before he decided it was time to immortalize White and Dorsett.
White and Dorsett said it was important that Landry was inducted into the Ring of Honor before they were.
The Yankees, sporting the league's best records both on the road and overall, showed power in all areas and to all fields in overwhelming the Angels and first-time starter Andrew Lorraine 12-3 before 34,750 fans Friday night at Anaheim Stadium.
They went nearly 65 days last summer before choosing Weiss to succeed Larry Brown, who resigned.
If Grant goes to one of the other clubs on his short list -- featuring the Lakers, Charlotte, Detroit, Dallas and Orlando -- the Clippers will have a substantial amount of money with no big-name free agent to spend it on, the chance they took by not trading Manning before last season started and then swapping him for another unrestricted free agent.
The Giants yearn for the injured Robby Thompson here, and it may not be long before someone else (Royce Clayton?) gets a shot behind Strawberry.
Such restraint in the face of legislation has happened before; when the legislation died, so did the restraint.
It was not long, however, before Casper ignored his own advice.
The favored alternative for Seoul is for reunification over the long term, perhaps by 2010, with South Korea working to improve North Korea's economy before the merger, in order to lessen the shock.
There are three stages envisioned for this approach, which assumes that the Communist command economy will before long give way to some kind of market-oriented reform.
``First of all, it's in our back yard,'' he said, before stressing the need to protect Americans living here and his desire to install democracy.
Son, Michael, 17, remains in Ventura County, where his family lived before moving to Nevada last year.
Son, Michael, 17, remains in Ventura County, where his family lived before moving to Nevada last year.
But he became a local star when the city -- still reeling from the Watts Riots less than a year before -- allowed the coroner's inquest into the Deadwyler case to be televised.
Cochran has sparred with Simpson prosecutor William Hodgman once before, in the 1990 trial of Todd Bridges, the former ``Diff'rent Strokes'' star, who was acquitted of the attempted murder of a drug dealer.
-- The Franchise Tax Board, which encountered three years of delays and $40 million in cost overruns before successfully automating its personal income tax records.
Kolodney refused to testify before Katz' committee.
After less than 18 months on the job, Bettman will be confronted with the most momentous decisions of his brief reign: judging the validity of Keenan's contract with the Rangers and his new contract with the Blues, then determining possible compensation to the Rangers from both the Blues for having signed Keenan and the Red Wings for allegedly having tampered with the coach before he kissed the Stanley Cup.
In 1978, the Philadelphia Flyers accused the Rangers of tampering with Fred Shero before signing him as their coach.
Most groups are waiting to learn whether they have received funding before accepting applications from prospective workers, organizers said.
Long before ``The Crying Game'' and ``Mrs.
``The guy who was working (the female collie) did not know how to do this movie, and my father knew that, so it was just a matter of time before his dog was going to get a chance.
Klein, deputy White House counsel, said that because details were not available tonight they could not explain whether Dalton's debt to the government should have been disclosed as a liability on his financial disclosure statement before he was confirmed last year as Navy Secretary, or in a disclosure statement filed in May.
The separate hearings before the two Banking Committees will examine the federal government's handling of an investigation into the failure of an Arkansas savings association run by the Clintons' former business partner and the government's inquiry into one of the savings association's law firms, the Rose firm of Little Rock, Ark., where Hillary Rodham Clinton was a partner.
Barney Frank of Massachusetts, a senior Democrat and one of the White House's closest allies on the House Banking Committee, who was clearly trying to get what he viewed as the worst news out before the hearings.
``I got the cello two days before the concert and just played, obviously sorting out a lot of feelings, expressing a lot of emotions and getting to know this cello.
``They want to make a record smell less like a major-label release in the eyes of some fanzine editor in Spokane.'' In the vinyl subculture, there is a surprisingly widespread conviction that the LP was done in before its time by the mainstream music business.
Well before Neo-Expressionism, she made feeling foremost.
``As I was painting it, it began to vibrate before my eyes.
(He was already doing quite well before that.
Coppola, who is the son of the composer Carmine Coppola and the brother of the director Francis Ford Coppola, exposed his children to all kinds of cultural riches: books, paintings and, especially, movies; Cage knew the work of Kurosawa and Fellini well before he was a teen-ager.
 (BC-CAGE-FILMS-ART-3RDTAKE-$ADV24-NYT) ``I was in ninth grade, getting straight As, really excited about school,'' before he moved in with his uncle, he said.
A six-game onslaught before San Francisco came to New York this weekend was a clear sign that even with a damaged elbow, Bonds could catapult the Giants to the division championship they just missed last season.
In the next picture, the 1946 ``Courage of Lassie,'' the shell-shocked and reportedly dangerous canine was rehabilitated by Elizabeth Taylor and saved from execution in a courtroom melodrama by Frank Morgan, who seven years before played the Wizard in ``The Wizard of Oz.'' -- The Magic of Lassie Marketing.
Cloris Leachman, one year before June Lockhart came on the scene.
(Stewart, who is 53 and English, likens Picard's recognition of Kirk, whose character presumably died long before Picard's command of the Enterprise, to a modern British general recognizing Field Marshal Montgomery from photographs.) In the process of saving the world, Kirk dies.
But in the world of ``Star Trek,'' which reaches into corners of popular culture where only Elvis has gone before, every act reverberates.
Spread before him like a great tempestuous lake, thousands of supporters shook their fists, chanted his name and cheered his call for a more democratic country.
In the past, candidates of the governing party campaigned by stumping before big crowds brought in by trucks without worrying much about the effect of their message on the assembled voters.
Right before or after the reports, the network often broadcasts paid Zedillo campaign commercials with more warm praise from men and women on the street.
The opposition parties say they don't have enough money to advertise on television before the end of the campaign.
``I had been recommending the stock, but feeling like there was a bunker mentality about it.'' Drawing credit for Apple's apparent turnaround is Michael Spindler, a German who was head of Apple's European business before becoming president last summer and eventually also assuming the title of chief executive after Sculley left the company last fall.
Meeting Friday, the Cabinet approved a draft bill for parliamentary approval that would allow corruption suspects to be held in custody before trial.
Anticipating a rapidly growing supply of high-quality used cars starting later this year, as a large number of two- and three-year leases come to an end, automakers are beginning to stand behind the second-hand cars their dealers sell in ways they never backed them before.
Seriously ill with a cardiac condition, Moreau's father said just before the race started July 2 that if he died before it ended, his son was not to drop out in mourning.
For the first time in 14 years, a child-free summer loomed before me, but instead of feeling liberated I mooned disconsolately about my emptied nest.
That would push the two countries closer to a military confrontation long before they have had a chance to tackle the range of political and economic issues they have said they want to discuss.
He points to his hiring of a female public address announcer, septagenarian ball fetchers and Baker, a black coach who had never managed before, as part of a pattern of progressive risk taking.
The Latvian newspaper Diena on Saturday hailed the adoption of the amended law as ``an important step toward Europe,'' creating ``a new political reality.'' The original law was adopted early this month, just before President Clinton became the first U.S. president to visit the Baltic nations.
He spent six seasons as an assistant coach on the collegiate level -- one of his bosses was Lou Holtz, who flopped as a Jets coach -- and six more as an assistant in the National Football League before signing on with Coslet as defensive coordinator.
He tries to get us excited.'' ``Pete really loves football,'' says Robinson, who was the Jets' defensive line coach before being elevated by Carroll.
Officials disavow any attempt to duplicate the America's Cup matches, which the New York club had orchestrated for 132 years before losing the prestigious trophy to Australia in 1983.
Seventeen years before Henshaw would become the offensive coordinator of the New York Giants and be in the center of a quarterback duel between Kent Graham and Dave Brown, there were Wally Woodham and Jimmy Jordan.
``I really don't think we'll make a decision before then,'' Henshaw said.
One hour before the doors were opened on the Madison Avenue store on Sept.
To say we mistreat our vendors is just unfair and inaccurate.'' True, Barneys never experienced a vendor revolt before last fall.
``With the two big new stores, a manufacturer's exposure to them is much larger than it has been before,'' said Rhonda Weiner, who represents about 20 children's wear manufacturers, some of whom sell to Barneys.
The company, he says, expects to nearly double its domestic sales to about $350 million this year, while earnings before taxes and depreciation should also double to roughly $32 million.
Still, there could be a couple more Barneys stores before long.
U.S. SAYS CHINA MUST COMPLY WITH RULES OF NEW WORLD TRADE GROUP HONG KONG  (BC-CHINA-TRADE-810-9(2TAKES)-NYT) China, which has staked its national prestige on becoming a founding member of the World Trade Organization, must comply with the international group's basic rules before entry, the Clinton administration said today.
In testimony earlier this month before the Senate Banking Committee, Treasury Under Secretary Lawrence H.
On the other hand, China's real concern is that it gets in before Taiwan, and Taiwan is pretty much ready to go.'' ``If the U.S. said no,'' the official said, ``it would be extremely difficult for China to get in.
Logan's lawyers, including Alan Dershowitz of Harvard, had initially argued that faculty members at private institutions like Bennington must be afforded due process in any employment-related matters, a contention rejected by the judge before the case came to trial.
As this page has said before, an action does not have to rise to the level of criminality to be labeled stupid, irresponsible and improper.
He suggested that the Democrats and Republicans put their versions of health legislation forward before the August congressional recess and that the House vote on one or the other, with no amendments allowed, the first week after Congress returns in September.
Even so, Morris said it was ``astonishing'' that Mondragon would draw nearly 10 percent of the vote even before his candidacy became widely known.
``We think companies like Nynex and Ameritech ought to be let into the long-distance business five years before companies like Bell Atlantic.'' Most experts agree with the Bell companies that the traditional regulatory practice of separating communications companies into protected fiefs is out of date, given that technology has created a trend toward competition among telephone, cable television and computer services.
Pataki before the obscure Republican state senator can define himself, Gov.
Although the 49-year-old Pataki spent three years as mayor of Peekskill in Westchester County and eight years in the Assembly before joining the state Senate in 1992, his record began to receive serious scrutiny only after he was designated the Republican Party's gubernatorial candidate as its state convention in May.
Rosenbaum before taking on Cuomo.
They argue that he has voted repeatedly against Medicaid financing of abortions for poor women and favors requiring the notification of parents before most girls under 16 can have abortions.
When asked when he began referring to himself as ``pro-choice,'' Pataki said, ``It's been years, going back to before the '90 Republican convention.'' Pataki served that year as chairman of the platform committee, and drafted a plank that expressed the state party's ``commitment to the right of privacy and reproductive rights.'' Allmacher and Ms. Oftedahl said they did not recall Pataki's advertising himself as an abortion-rights supporter until 1990, when Pataki said he thought seriously about running for governor.
But the 21 percent increase was proposed by the city manager and approved by the Common Council -- the mayor is one of seven members -- in late 1981, before Pataki took office.
As this page has said before, an action does not have to rise to the level of criminality to be labeled stupid, irresponsible and improper.
 (BC-BBA-YANKS-SHOWALTER-1000(2takes)-NYT) After Buck Showalter analyzes and analyzes the videotape of another Yankees game that will turn his eyes into a convincing commercial for Visine, after he consumes another room-service meal that does not rival Le Cirque and before he crumples into another hotel bed, he compiles a list of what he wants to accomplish the next day: -- Talk to Mattingly about wrist.
The people from the base communities were persecuted, and are still being persecuted.'' Before Aristide was overthrown in September 1991, and even before he was elected to office, members of base communities were deeply involved in grass-roots social programs to bring literacy and health services to the poor, as well as religious outreach efforts.
He paid only $2 for his ticket, which he obtained after dozens of tickets were suddenly made available to his hospital union the night before the match.
Referring to the overall situation, of which the cholera epidemic is only the most deadly part at the moment, he said: ``Yesterday was worse than the day before, which was worse than the day before that.
But the local authorities said on Saturday that they would have to obtain approval from senior government officials in Kinshasa, the Zairian capital, before the border could be opened.
``To accept it, you have to stretch the imagination a bit,'' said Benjamin Swan, who headed the local chapter of the NAACP before he became a state representative.
Israeli entry restrictions, imposed in recent years after a series of lethal Palestinian attacks, gradually whittled down the number of Gazans working in Israel to about 20,000 -- a third what it was before the Persian Gulf war in 1991.
Just as computer technology has filtered down to countless aspects of secular life, it is now being used for on-line religious discussions, digitized Bibles and Korans, electronic bulletin boards run by religious denominations, and church management software that allows ministers to refine and personalize their pastoral efforts to a degree never before imagined.
At special risk here and elsewhere are teaching hospitals and those that serve many poor people, because they depend most heavily on federal payments that would be cut in the bills now before Congress.
Once there, it is to spend a day mapping the crater and measuring the temperature and composition of gases before starting an expected two-day climb out.
They also say it is better to sample these materials before they are diluted by the air or mix with other substances.
The Democratic primary will have a second contest, between Miles Rapaport, the convention-endorsed candidate for secretary of the state, and Julie Tashjian, who served in that office before Mrs.
It's awful.'' But before the nurses can remove the bodies, they must cut a path through a camp teeming with the ill and their relatives and littered with spent intravenous bags and discarded syringes.
If the Indians win, they will bump the White Sox from first, taking the same 2-percentage-point lead they held at the All-Star Game break, before their consecutive-weekend confrontations with Chicago.
When it didn't happen, it was time to get him out before he hurt himself.'' Ruffcorn, 24, promoted from the minors Saturday to replace Scott Sanderson in the White Sox starting rotation, brought with him a glittering record from Nashville: 11 victories, 2 defeats, a 2.52 earned run average and 107 strikeouts in 118 innings.
The night before, Belle threw out Darrin Jackson at the plate for the third out in the third inning.
Pam Shriver, who had lost to Graf in nine of their last 10 matches, extended the the top-ranked player to tie breakers before losing, 7-6 (7-1), 7-6 (8-6), Saturday morning in a match that had been interrupted by rain Friday night.
It was to be finished Saturday night, before Lisa Raymond met Nino Louarsabishvily in the second semifinal.
``These children don't speak a word of Arabic, and they have never been here before,'' the official said.
He had been treated by his family physician with erythromycin before going to the hospital, but ``I don't think the doctor associated that Cantone had been on the ship,'' Shiebler said.
``It will be two weeks from Monday,'' Shiebler said, ``before we'll know whether or not Mr. Cantone had Legionnaires' disease.'' None of the passengers who were ordered off the Horizon in Bermuda last week are among those with either confirmed or suspected cases.
Some said they said they were lied to, told that the ship had been cleared by public health officials before boarding.
Pynoos said he recently provided his aging father-in-law with a device that allowed the man to turn on the interior lights before going indoors.
It was before a game, with sounds of batting practice and heavy metal music filling the background.
Bavasi is not scrutinized as closely as his counterparts in New York or Chicago or even up the road in Los Angeles, but the pressure has been a constant since his promotion from assistant GM, four days before the Northridge Earthquake.
It was exactly those decisions that led to that open dugout interview shortly before the All-Star Break -- but Bavasi understands it's only a small example of the pressures GMs face and, particularly in his case, the problems of learning on the job.
By law, Simpson first would have to be convicted of at least one count of first-degree -- or premeditated -- murder and a special-circumstance allegation before he could face either of the state's most serious penalties, the gas chamber or life in prison without parole.
President Clinton's crime bill now before Congress would allow minorities -- such as Simpson who is African-American -- to use statistics in arguing there is a bias in the application of the death penalty along racial lines, said Ronald Tabak, chairman of the death penalty committee of the American Bar Association's section of individual rights and responsibilities in New York City.
No one had ever reached 13 under par in this tournament before, and it appeared no one would reach Alfredsson without dialing another area code.
They needed them all because Jason Jacome, the 23-year-old left-hander, pitched his way in and out of trouble for six innings before he left for the night, a winner again.
Even before the earthquake, the company was exploring a move and entertaining offers from other communities both in and out of California.
Even before the earthquake, the company was exploring a move and entertaining offers from other communities both in and out of California.
That would not have been a shockingly high turnover for an NFL team even before free-agency.
Yet, they began camp this summer much as they did last summer -- as a contender with a few key problems to solve before it can be a champion.
He really enjoys ripping one off.'' Coleman, before Saturday, had stolen 46 bases in 51 attempts for the Royals this season, his first in the American League.
But before Coleman could be sent back, Willie McGee was also hurt, and Coleman stayed.
It had a little ivory plaque that says the Queen Mary, but it was stolen before it ever got here.'' Will her new house -- in Florida or California or maybe even the Bahamas -- be big enough to hold all these relics?
The Latvian newspaper Diena on Saturday hailed the adoption of the amended law as ``an important step toward Europe,'' creating ``a new political reality.'' The original law was adopted early this month, just before President Clinton became the first U.S. president to visit the Baltic nations.
The memory, which comes often, is a sweet one for Emmitt Smith, made all the more poignant by his grandmother's death from a stroke in early May, just two weeks before his 25th birthday.
Even before she died, I thought about those things.
This is the guy who predicted, well before it happened, that Jones would play his star running back as tough as barbed wire in contract negotiations but that it would never happen to the team's cover-boy quarterback.
I know that one day, when we stand before God for judgment, Mama will be there and her legs will work and she'll reach out and take us in her arms.'' Emmitt nods when he hears what Marcia has said.
The other was the last gasp of air before the Dodgers slipped under the surface of .500 baseball.
The fading and increasingly desperate Dodgers lost for the eighth time in 10 games Saturday night when the Montreal Expos shut them out 2-0 before 35,831.
That could happen before Wednesday's conclusion of the three-game series in San Francisco that ends this trip.
He had no record and a 6.35 ERA in nine appearances with Chicago before going to the minors.
	Just before he kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
But the defense motion contends a new round of so-called genetic fingerprint testing will needlessly use up some samples before the defense gets them.
``I'm not aware it's ever been used in casework before,'' he said.
And they're also philistines, flaunting their simple-minded notion of art as superior to all that has gone before.'' One particularly refreshing thing about ``Hole in Our Soul'' is that its author is so hard to pigeonhole.
Asked what had slowed him, Jager snapped, ``Have you ever seen a pool before?'' At the news conference later his tone had softened.
Two days before the swimming competition was to begin, game organizers noticed the pool's new filter wasn't working properly.
The whereabouts of the two Fininvest officials were not known, but a lawyer for Sciascia, Guido Viola, indicated that his client would turn himself in, saying he ``does not intend to withdraw himself from the investigation.'' In an interview with the Turin daily La Stampa, Fininvest's chief executive officer, Francesco Tato, said: ``It is a terrible day.'' Tato, who has been running Fininvest since late last year when Berlusconi left business for politics, said the events under investigation occurred before he joined Fininvest.
``Radio's recovery started more than a year ago, before the economy was recognized as growing, and it's growing faster than the economy, faster than ad spending in general, faster than most other media,'' Fries said.
``Every race that comes before it is merely my preparation for the tour.
``I already answered them during the race.'' Bugno, Chiappucci and Rominger all started this 81st tour and all withdrew before the strenuous last week in the Alps, victims of days of extreme heat and cold, illness and fatigue.
He was glowing in his leader's yellow jersey, as the 117 riders remaining of the 189 who set out July 2 finished on the Champs-Elysees before a crowd estimated at the usual half-million.
``On the climbs, I saw that my rivals were behind, so I accelerated.'' He has rarely attacked before on a climb, preferring to ride defensively, but in two rides in the Pyrenees this year, he disposed of his main opponent, Rominger, with a rare and formidable show of force.
``I always ask the airlines for the same thing: seafood or a fruit plate.'' When she eats in a restaurant, Baird always asks how the food is prepared before ordering.
Charles Cangro, senior tax manager with Ernst & Young in New York, said, ``The trick is to allocate the exemption early before the assets grow too substantially.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
An excise tax of 10 percent is assessed on distributions made before age 59 1/2, and an ``excess'' excise tax of 15 percent is assessed on payments from qualified plans and IRAs of more than $150,000 a year.
``If your IRA is invested in certificates of deposit, moving those funds before maturity is equivalent to making an early withdrawal, for which your bank may impose a penalty,'' said Judi McCormick, federal counsel of the American Bankers Association.
A few hours before the Sinn Fein conference that made the decisions on the declaration, an IRA unit in County Down, Northern Ireland, exploded a bomb that damaged a police car and sent a boulder flying into the bedroom of a 15-year-old girl who was taking a nap, injuring her.
But over cold roast beef and corn chips, as a disk jockey played dance music in the hotel ballroom where they had attended two proms, Clinton and more than 200 former classmates had a chance to look back on the days before they became middle-aged baby boomers.
``It was a great reunion,'' he said today before departing for Washington to prepare for a meeting between the leaders of Jordan and Israel.
On Sunday, even though the rebels captured this lakeside resort town and declared victory, Kanani decided it was time to go home to his small farm, where he had planted sorghum, peas, beans and sweet potatoes before fleeing.
About 2,000 Rwandans crossed back into their homeland in the first hours before the crossings slowed to a trickle as nightfall neared.
The town was looted by soldiers of the former government before they fled, and it is now deserted.
``I had never seen them before,'' he later said of the soldiers, who now represent the new government.
``I'm trying to figure out family language to describe it,'' he spat, calling it watered-down and ``a cave-in'' before concluding, a second later, with a bit of barnyard English.
Clinton and the White House have about three weeks to convert not just them, but the broader electorate before the House and Senate take planned votes on health legislation and leave for vacation.
``We don't need food drops.'' Even before Sunday's air drop -- which was witnessed by dozens of journalists and the Pentagon's chief of operations for relief and refugee affairs, William McCoy -- Washington's decision to proceed with the operation had become a heated topic among the relief workers here.
Sunday's flight from Stuttgart also carried at least 18 journalists who were flown in to observe the unloading of the fork lifts and then were taken to Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, to spend the night before a return flight to Germany aboard the military aircraft on Monday.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) He took the lead before the horses turned for home, and at the finish line he was flying five lengths in front of John H.
Patterson had been at the plate before Bonds, with runners on second and third, and he had gotten behind Manzanillo, 0-2.
Young people who have it all before them, and aging researchers who never would have dreamed they would have it so bad.
Asked before a meeting with Secretary of State Warren Christopher on Sunday about a declaration, Rabin said: ``I wouldn't go into details.
``This is a very intertwined set of negotiations, probably the toughest negotiations of all,'' he said in an appearance Sunday on the ABC News program ``This Week.'' But when commenting on the coming Israeli-Jordanian summit meeting, he sounded euphoric, saying, ``The event tomorrow between King Hussein and Prime Minister Rabin, their appearance at the White House, their appearance before a joint meeting of Congress the next day -- the walls are coming down in the Middle East, and it's a very exciting time.'' 
Forget the romanticism of train travel in major-league baseball before airplanes, the rattling rides through mountain ranges and desolate plains.
For the occasional stress relief on a Friday night, buy a six-pack of beer at a supermarket before going to the bar.
On the road he also serves as traveling secretary, per diem coordinator and, before he was granted a traveling clubhouse attendant, launderer, grocery shopper and gofer.
More than a year before the severance agreement, Prudential retained the law firm of Davis, Polk & Wardwell to investigate its partnership business and to represent it in litigation.
Moreover, Prudential had been served with discovery requests before the signing of the severance agreement in cases involving the partnership division.
``For strategic reasons, a lawyer will not want a document destroyed,'' said Stephen Gillers, a New York University Law School professor, ``because the opposing lawyer will be free to use his imagination before a jury about what smoking-gun evidence that document must have contained.'' 
``You know that women in the United States are more powerful than men,'' he said, shortly before joining a long line of prisoners in the grueling heat.
Cutler, when he appears before the House banking committee on Tuesday to discuss his internal review of the administration's handling of the investigations.
Hearings before the House and Senate banking committees will examine the federal government's handling of an investigation into the failure of an Arkansas savings association run by the Clintons' former business partner and the government's inquiry into one of the savings association's law firms, the Rose firm of Little Rock, Ark., where Hillary Rodham Clinton was a partner.
Steiner, 28, had served as Altman's chief of staff before being promoted last year to the same position for Bentsen.
Altman is preparing to come under cross-examination about his prior accounts before Congress of the White House's role in the Whitewater investigations.
They almost have to, if leaders hope to win final passage of health-care legislation before Congress adjourns for the fall elections.
I'm certainly not focused on any records.'' Besides, he said on Friday, the day before hitting No. 36 while helping San Francisco defeat the Mets, he's still a long way away from No. 61.
Since farmers' profits, the money they live on, are from 5 to 10 percent of revenue, ``they have suffered a huge loss before revenue assurance ever kicks in,'' he said.
U.S.-JAPAN TALKS NEAR MAKE-OR-BREAK DEADLINE TOKYO  (BC-U.S.-JAPAN-TRADE-375&ADD-NYT) With just one week remaining before a deadline that could push the Clinton administration toward its first serious trade rupture with Japan, last ditch talks between the two sides this weekend produced no breakthrough, but offered enough signs of flexibility for the negotiators to say they will continue discussions.
Not surprisingly, Graf showed signs of rust in this exhibition event, particularly against Raymond in their match before a capacity crowd of about 6,500 at the Crossroads Corporate Center stadium.
``I'm not returning serve well at all, and I have to work on it,'' said Graf, who will play tournaments in San Diego, Calif., and Montreal, along with another exhibition in New Haven, Conn., before the Open begins.
You have to survive before you live and we've been living for five or six years.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
The team recently took heat for increasing ticket prices 15 percent, but that was before Keenan.
Pressure is building on Congress to pass some form of health care legislation before adjourning for the fall elections.
``My feeling was that we were going to have to carefully compare before and after pictures of Jupiter to see some changes.
These ``insured'' securities, as traders call them, were initially priced to yield an average of 4.84 percent -- fully 0.6 percent above the yields available in the secondary market from comparable securities just before the downgrading.
``This is going to be the make-or-break Christmas since it'll be the last before the big guns come into the market,'' she said.
If nothing happens before the August vacation break, it is unlikely anything will get done before members quit to campaign in September.
Some key members want a vote on the rules before they take effect, but that would defeat the benefit of having independent outsiders write the rules.
Such appreciation would flow more quickly if officeholders would move against corruption and inefficiency by grasping the opportunity now before them.
In December 1984 the faculty councils of two of the university's campuses endorsed a resolution asking for Bush-Brown's immediate removal and contending that his policies had ``depleted the institution's limited resources, injured its academic reputation and divided its faculties and administration.'' Around that time, he said in an interview that many of the university's problems had been caused by events that took place before he had arrived there.
Nothing better became the conspirators than their demeanor when they were arrested, tortured, tried before a ranting Nazi judge and then strangled slowly with piano wire -- much of this filmed for Hitler's gratification.
But even before unification, propaganda began giving way to honest scholarship, curiosity to real pride.
A drapery emblazoned with a Union Jack hung on the side of the stage from which Elton John stepped out; an American flag drapery hung on the other side for Billy Joel, who emerged to a recording of ``Yankee Doodle.'' The two piano men exchanged formal greetings -- ``Good evening, Billy,'' ``Good evening, Elton'' -- before sitting at their grand pianos to perform Elton John's ``Your Song,'' followed by Billy Joel's ``Honesty.'' Each regularly acknowledged the other's accomplishments with scripted salutes, nods and bows.
Even before Joel, 45, approached John, 47, with the idea for the ``Face to Face'' tour, the similarities between the two musicians were clear.
``We have over 7,000 hospital runs without incident each year and it's been a number of years before we had incidents, this summer,'' he said.
Hershiser walked off the mound before throwing a pitch in that game.
The Americans were down seven with time running out before a basket by Cherokee Parks and Shawn Respert's 3-pointer at the buzzer produced a final score that made the game seem like a squeaker.
The Russians' most effective offensive move was spreading the U.S. defense, driving to the basket and passing off before the Americans could switch.
They began questioning everyone they hauled in, not just the most interesting suspects, and they started getting more information than ever before on all kinds of crimes.
It was small consolation for the Dodgers, whose three-game sweep was capped before a crowd of 34,402 at Olympic Stadium, where Los Angeles is 5-25 in the past five seasons.
The New York state Department of Human Rights found probable cause of religious discrimination, though it will be several years before a final determination is made, said Herbert Rosedale, the lawyer who handled that complaint and who is also representing Ms. Budelman and Ms. Dvorak.
It was small consolation for the Dodgers, whose three-game sweep was capped before a crowd of 34,402 at Olympic Stadium, where Los Angeles is 5-25 in the past five seasons.
Then Stevens rode two winners early Sunday, including Grand Flotilla in the $270,500 Sunset Handicap, putting some pressure on Solis when the leader climbed onto a 7-1 shot before the $300,000 Vanity Handicap, one of the major races that are exempted from suspensions.
Then their pitching collapsed again as the Yankees rallied for a 6-4 victory before 25,754 at Anaheim Stadium.
He made it clear he wants to be asked first on any promotion and showed why in a milking competition before Friday's game.
He had no record and a 6.35 ERA in nine appearances with Chicago before going to the minors.
It was pitching coach Billy Connors who presented Abbott with a new puppy, wrapped in a red ribbon, before Saturday's game, a way to boost the spirits of the most well-liked guy on team that -- surprisingly for one from New York -- is filled with nice guys.
He'll run up the runway and yell or kick something, but then he'll come right back and get out there and get the job done.'' It has been a little difficult of late for Abbott, who won just once in his last 10 starts before Sunday, chalking up five losses and a 5.96 ERA in the process.
We think we have the best coach in hockey and we'll go on from here to move our team closer to the Stanley Cup.'' When The Associated Press contacted Detroit spokesman Bill Jamieson late on Sunday night, he said, ``They announced that now?'' The drama began July 15 when Keenan said the Rangers had materially breached his contract with the team by not paying his bonus the day before.
Tikkanen, 29, played nine seasons with the Edmonton Oilers and won four Stanley Cups there before being traded to the Rangers for Doug Weight on March 17, 1993.
Hershiser walked off the mound before throwing a pitch in that game.
 (BC-WW2-0731-AVRANCHES-(2ndtake)-COX) Marines and Army GIs face another week of bitter fighting before Guam is secured.
Sea Trek, which will be staffed by about 20 workers, will be set on concrete pilings and is designed to withstand a ``100-year hurricane,'' as required by the Corps of Engineers before it would issue a construction permit.
-- She could have assessed the strengths and weaknesses of a potential partner, such as John, before tying the knot.
Often counseling can help people see potential problems before they develop.
Four fiberglass tiles fell from the ceiling of the Kingdome on Tuesday just before batting practice and 25 minutes before the gates opened.
``The day before he started, he'd get an old baseball from batting practice and saturate it in Vaseline,'' said Randy Jones, 1976 Cy Young winner and a teammate of Perry with the Padres.
With some of the ERAs of these guys, I think I'd learn.'' When Ross Grimsley won 20 games in 1978 for the Montreal Expos, Carter would swipe the dirt with his throwing hand before giving every sign.
To this end it may be well to cut them, or at least mark them, before the upright assemblies are glued up.
Canada: the very name calls up visions of snow-whitepeaks jutting into a clean blue sky, of wolf and moose and mink roaming the woods and plains as they did for eons before the British and French fought at Quebec to see who would reign over this vast land.
It was not long, however, before Casper ignored his own advice.
Yes, Bill Clinton, the Arkansas doughboy, soft of tummy and thigh and a politician who feels your pain even before you do, is godfather to a band of political assassins and ruffians.
Jerry Falwell -- and excuse me, but I cannot bring myself to write ``the Reverend'' before that awful man's name one more time -- lays only one murder at the president's door, that of the fellow whose company provided security in Little Rock during Clinton's presidential campaign.
	Just before he kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
``First of all, it's in our back yard,'' he said, before stressing the need to protect Americans living here and his desire to install democracy.
The favored alternative for Seoul is for reunification over the long term, perhaps by 2010, with South Korea working to improve North Korea's economy before the merger, in order to lessen the shock.
There are three stages envisioned for this approach, which assumes that the Communist command economy will before long give way to some kind of market-oriented reform.
Such restraint in the face of legislation has happened before; when the legislation died, so did the restraint.
``If rowdiness and lack of performance go together, you see the button being pushed much quicker than ever before,'' he said, particularly in schools where high academic performance is demanded.
``British psychiatrists require a very severe form of hyperactivity before they'll see it as a problem,'' said Dr. Paul R.
It is more group-oriented than ever before, leaving little room for the jokester, the tough, the tortured individualist.
We will continue to take food from our own refrigerators to feed others before we feed ourselves; note, please, the homeless Americans.
But even before that happens -- and the difficulties of preparing this force are formidable -- the French should be building bridges to the new government, assuring it of full cooperation and demonstrating their commitment to justice by detaining all those who may have been responsible for organizing the slaughters.
One is a ``cattle car wash'' to rid the animals of caked filth before they are slaughtered.
Veterinary scientists say that changes in livestock feeding and management before slaughter might reduce the presence of bacteria.
But even before that happens -- and the difficulties of preparing this force are formidable -- the French should be building bridges to the new government, assuring it of full cooperation and demonstrating their commitment to justice by detaining all those who may have been responsible for organizing the slaughters.
One is a ``cattle car wash'' to rid the animals of caked filth before they are slaughtered.
Veterinary scientists say that changes in livestock feeding and management before slaughter might reduce the presence of bacteria.
Roche, a Swiss pharmaceutical giant, which spent $2 billion in 1990 for a 60 percent stake in Genentech, now admits that biotechnology will not produce any major disease-destroying drugs before 1997 at the earliest.
With the poor record of biotech drugs, the American patent office has begun to ask for more data about their usefulness before considering patent approvals -- something it does not do for conventional drugs.
Unlike, say, the semiconductor industry, which was built around one invention, biotechnology is spread across a wide range of technologies, from genetic engineering to multiparameter flow cytometry (look it up before investing).
Roche, a Swiss pharmaceutical giant, which spent $2 billion in 1990 for a 60 percent stake in Genentech, now admits that biotechnology will not produce any major disease-destroying drugs before 1997 at the earliest.
With the poor record of biotech drugs, the American patent office has begun to ask for more data about their usefulness before considering patent approvals -- something it does not do for conventional drugs.
Unlike, say, the semiconductor industry, which was built around one invention, biotechnology is spread across a wide range of technologies, from genetic engineering to multiparameter flow cytometry (look it up before investing).
If the president truly stands for comprehensive and effective reform, he ought to stop reinterpreting what ``universal'' means with every different interest group before whom he makes a speech.
In December 1991, on the day before Cuomo was to make an announcement on whether he would run for president, CSEA announced that it was backing Bill Clinton.
Rabin and Hussein, who had met only in secret before, shook hands in public for the first time during an arrival ceremony at the Rose Garden before a series of meetings with Clinton and the signing ceremony beneath an arch erected on the White House lawn.
``On this morning of promise, these visionary statesmen from ancient lands have chosen to heal the rift that for too long has divided their peoples,'' Clinton said before the signing.
``This is a dream that goes before me -- my grandfather and now I,'' Hussein said.
Secretary of State Warren Christopher said earlier Monday that the Israeli-Jordanian peace pact ought to be ready for a formal signing ceremony before the end of the year.
Homicide investigators were involved in the case before Friday's development.
They later had a falling out, and she sued him 1992, several months before she died.
In a declaration made shortly before her death, Beesley said she was duped into signing the agreement by Danny Tene, who was a tenant in her home.
Anticipating a rapidly growing supply of high-quality used cars starting later this year, as a large number of two- and three-year leases come to an end, automakers are beginning to stand behind the second-hand cars their dealers sell in ways they never backed them before.
Just as computer technology has filtered down to countless aspects of secular life, it is now being used for on-line religious discussions, digitized Bibles and Korans, electronic bulletin boards run by religious denominations, and church management software that allows ministers to refine and personalize their pastoral efforts to a degree never before imagined.
Hence, before the comet fragments clobbered Jupiter, scientists hoped the plumes would punch deep into the atmosphere and force the water ice out into space.
``You want us to lay on our backs or side?'' a man would ask, while a woman in front would say something like, ``Should we lie our weights down before we lay down?'' ``Lay your weights on the table,'' I said softly, ``then lie down,'' so forth and so on.
Having gone into physical remission, my body rebelled against the punishment inflicted on its aching members: Leg muscles knotted; shoulders ached; lungs felt as if they were about to collapse and fall out; stars alternated with blurred flashes before my eyes.
Rabin and Hussein, who had met only in secret before, shook hands in public for the first time during an arrival ceremony at the Rose Garden before a series of meetings with Clinton and the signing ceremony beneath an arch erected on the White House lawn.
``On this morning of promise, these visionary statesmen from ancient lands have chosen to heal the rift that for too long has divided their peoples,'' Clinton said before the signing.
``This is a dream that goes before me -- my grandfather and now I,'' Hussein said.
Secretary of State Warren Christopher said earlier Monday that the Israeli-Jordanian peace pact ought to be ready for a formal signing ceremony before the end of the year.
The answer is right before your eyes.
Hoffman believes the field is narrowing because younger people who organize tours for the disabled initially find it difficult and ``are afraid,'' and then quit ``before they find out it isn't so bad as it appears.'' Although most tours that accommodate wheelchair users from the United States are relatively expensive, this is not a field for those seeking big profits quickly.
The Sun, meanwhile, is selling 695,985 more copies each day than it was before the price cut, elevating its daily circulation to a staggering 4.2 million -- or one copy for every 14 Britons.
The Sun, meanwhile, is selling 695,985 more copies each day than it was before the price cut, elevating its daily circulation to a staggering 4.2 million -- or one copy for every 14 Britons.
The tests so far have been on mice, and Immunex officials said more animal testing must be done before the company decides whether to begin the long process of clinical trials needed to obtain Federal approval of a drug.
Now Nigeria, Africa's most populous country with 90 million people, is more heavily in debt than it was before the oil money began rolling in.
``With adequate warning,'' he said, ``farmers could shift to short-maturing varieties or to sorghum and millet.'' But he said ``a lot of development work'' lies ahead ``before we can use the data with any confidence.'' Rosenzweig noted that the study involves only one variable, rainfall, and applies to only one part of the world.
Tree kangaroos had never before been reported in this region, he said.
When they get home, they're too tired to mess with fixing a full meal (and so is everyone else in the house, having been busy refilling ice cube trays), so they microwave a TV dinner and, before bed, pop up a bowl of popcorn.
June 17 -- Three years to the day before the Watergate break-in (there must be some connection), ``Oh, Calcutta,'' featuring the bare human body as stage prop, opened in Manhattan.
``They've seen the need to take Spanish just to be able to fill their needs here, even before NAFTA.'' Casa Hispana has had some NAFTA-related enrollment, however.
(early summary from wires) 	WHITEWATER (Washington) -- A senior Treasury official whose diary accounts of the administration's handling of the Whitewater affair have caused trouble for the White House is planning to go before Congress this week and disavow his own writings, administration officials and congressional investigators said Monday.
Long before an outspoken lawyer from Arkansas began remaking the image of America's first lady, Mutsuko Miki rewrote the definition of a political wife.
The little that was known of Jupiter's insides before the violent arrival of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 was deduced more from laboratory experiments and calculations than from direct observation.
Based on theoretical calculations and some observations made before the comet hit, astronomers believe that the upper 50 miles of Jupiter's atmosphere contain three distinct, separated cloud layers, with frozen ammonia crystals in the top layer, crystals of ammonium hydrosulfide in the middle layer, and water crystals, or ice, in the lowest cloud layer.
``But in just three days, we spotted four molecules in Jupiter that we hadn't seen before.
``When I was teaching classes, I'd have women who'd say, `I've never done anything before that's given me this much confidence.''' Smith, who earned a business degree at Southern Illinois University and worked on a dance degree at UCLA, first became interested in fitness late in her teens to combat grief.
Keenan's suspension for 60 days, ending about a week before the season opens, is hardly a severe punishment.
Maybe the commissioner can get those $250,000 and $100,000 ceilings raised before Keenan jumps his Blues' contract.
Israel and Jordan have their own territorial issue -- the occupied West Bank -- to resolve before they can ink a formal peace treaty.
Some of the potentially explosive allegations, mostly about questionable contacts in which White House and Treasury officials discussed Whitewater, have been dribbled out beforehand to dilute their effect.
RWANDA OVERTAKES O.J. ON TELEVISION, TO THE NETWORKS' CREDIT  (BC-TV-RWANDA-NYT) By placing the plight of the Rwandan refugees before the plight of O.J. Simpson on the nightly news, network producers are belatedly showing basic journalistic judgment.
The pictures from Rwanda, those smoky vistas where uncounted innocents have crowded to wait and die, are worse than anything that has gone before.
``It was about 10 years before he realized all his music was really about Lubbock.'' Terry Allen is an artist, songwriter and playwright who studied art at the Chouinard Art Institute in Los Angeles, and is best-known for his multimedia touring exhibit ``Youth in Asia,'' seen last year at the Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth.
Most of the ``Chippy'' principals had attempted to work together theatrically before, but scheduling conflicts always scuttled their projects.
That victory gave the Yankees a three-game lead over Baltimore, and because only two games remained before the strike deadline, the Orioles couldn't catch the Yankees before the strike began.
Assuming this season is interrupted around the middle of next month and does not resume, or even if it resumes with only a couple of weeks left before the playoffs, the Yankees' achievement again will be tainted.
The Yankees apparently acted so brutally because of the embarrassment they suffered in their own home at the hands of those same teams before the All-Star Game break.
The Orioles, who but for a ninth-inning home run by Mark McGwire against Lee Smith would have slipped into first place on the last day before the All-Star break, won only four of nine games on the same coast that couldn't contain the Yankees.
Given the Texas Rangers' apparent desire to be caught before they stumble into the first division championship in their enigmatic history, any of the other three Western Division teams could have gained significant ground on the Rangers.
And Dick Kraft, vice president for community relations for an organization that has no community relations, was quoted as making racially repugnant remarks about people in the community and was forced to resign before Major League Baseball acted.
I've never been on a team that did this.'' Remember Mark McGwire's ninth-inning homer off Baltimore's Lee Smith the Sunday before the All-Star Game break?
Lately, Senate Republican Leader Bob Dole has been arguing that members won't have enough time before the August recess to study whatever the Democratic leadership comes up with to replace President Clinton's plan.
Dole wants to delay any action at least until September, which would leave only a month to get the job done before members quit to go home and campaign.
Aware that Jews have been in the vanguard of the civil-rights movement, and that some died for the cause of black freedom in the Deep South, the author says that enlightened black leaders have said they want to stop black anti-Semitism, but that it could take several generations before centuries-old beliefs are eradicated.
She related how one woman stood outside the shop before it opened and said, ``This is shameful.'' ``I walked out and said, `I should get the death sentence?''' Fleiss recalled.
They said they were visiting the area from Walnut Creek and saw the store mentioned on a television program the night before.
She related how one woman stood outside the shop before it opened and said, ``This is shameful.'' ``I walked out and said, `I should get the death sentence?''' Fleiss recalled.
They said they were visiting the area from Walnut Creek and saw the store mentioned on a television program the night before.
She related how one woman stood outside the shop before it opened and said, ``This is shameful.'' ``I walked out and said, `I should get the death sentence?''' Fleiss recalled.
They said they were visiting the area from Walnut Creek and saw the store mentioned on a television program the night before.
I think that's a lot of the problem in this world, is a lack of communication.'' 	From beachside fax machines to one-touch dialing, teens are immersed in new technology and embrace it before their parents.
``They're looking at things nobody has ever seen before,'' Dr. Kenneth S.
Nobody's turned on the lights before.'' 
The two-ton robot, the size of a small car, was carefully checked out before being gently lowered by crane into the cold water, where its thrusters moved it away from the ship with surprising alacrity before it dived beneath the waves.
She spent half the night before the race at the airport because no one had come to meet her; she waited three hours, until 1 a.m. ``I was so tired,'' she said.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Among the worst news is that bodies have started to pile up in the area, sometimes laying for days on the roadside before they are removed.
An hour before the candidate arrived, local PRI functionaries took to the stage, instructing the mostly poor farmers in the slowly filling arena about the cheers they should chant when the candidate arrived.
Better to tell Texans to quit saying ``y'all,'' or to forget the Alamo.) Jacobson's SWAT team might seem familiar -- it's the one that brought criminal nutrition charges against Chinese and Italian food earlier this year, before throwing poor old movie popcorn in the slammer.
Garcia's, with a main restaurant on Fort Worth's north side and bakeries on the north and south sides of the city, also began making more healthful offerings before the recent report was released.
A spokesman for McDonnell Douglas, Tom Williams, said the company's decision to seek orders for an MD-95 was ``a normal first step.'' Because airliners are expensive to design and build, most companies usually insist on a minimum number of planes ordered before committing themselves to build a new model.
``This is a dream that goes before me -- my grandfather and now I,'' Hussein said.
``Perhaps all over the Middle East, a new era is dawning.'' (STORY CAN END HERE -- OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Showcasing the benefits of peace even before a formal treaty is signed, the leaders agreed to permit direct telephone links between their countries, merge their electricity grids, open two border crossings, direct their police to cooperate to quell smuggling, allow tourists to travel more easily between their nations, and accelerate negotiations to open an international air corridor.
Both pictures set out to josh the kind of overkill thrillers that made the Austrian bodybuilder the biggest movie star on Earth: ``The Terminator,'' ``Commando,'' ``Predator,'' ``Total Recall,'' ``Terminator 2: Judgment Day.'' Additionally, both movies hoped to meld Schwarzenegger's superhero persona with the sense of humor he exhibited in ``Twins'' and the documentary ``Pumping Iron.'' Those who wrote off ``Last Action's'' failure to the impossibility of mixing the two Schwarzenegger images in the same film conveniently forgot that it had been done successfully before: Remember the outcry over his violent (and very lucrative) kid comedy, ``Kindergarten Cop''?
He then became an agent with the Federal Bureau of Investigation from 1942 to 1944 before returning to radio, with a station in Boston, in 1945.
``This is a dream that goes before me -- my grandfather and now I,'' Hussein said.
``Perhaps all over the Middle East, a new era is dawning.'' (STORY CAN END HERE -- OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Showcasing the benefits of peace even before a formal treaty is signed, the leaders agreed to permit direct telephone links between their countries, merge their electricity grids, open two border crossings, direct their police to cooperate to quell smuggling, allow tourists to travel more easily between their nations, and accelerate negotiations to open an international air corridor.
Sharmaine is typical of the growing proportion of children across the nation who are put in foster care as babies, often because their addicted mothers cannot care for them, and then spend years in foster homes before being returned to their parents or put up for adoption.
 (BC-NY-FOSTER-BABIES-2NDTAKE-ART-NYT) Just a year before her birth, her mother had another baby, a boy, who also tested positive for cocaine.
Dais, 38, worked as a jail attendant for the Police Department before a knee injury forced her to take disability leave.
With the exception of a close Mason-Dixon poll, public opinion polls indicate Bush has not begun to close the 6 to 10 percentage point lead Richards has enjoyed since before he entered the race last year.
Monk was a Giants fan growing up in White Plains, N.Y., where he ran track and played football in high school before going on to star at Syracuse.
Dr. David Brodzinsky, an associate professor of clinical and developmental psychology at Rutgers University, called the defense contention ``a bunch of malarkey.'' The small statistical disparity between adoptees and the general population in clinical referrals, he said, can be accounted for by the abuse some adopted children suffered before their adoptions.
Many experts on adoption say that adoption itself is not the most likely cause of the antisocial problems found in some adoptees, but rather their troubled history before adoption, including lack of prenatal care or drug or alcohol abuse by the mother while she was pregnant.
``There's no question the most troubled adoptees were in the foster care system and experienced severe neglect or abuse before they were adopted,'' Brodzinsky said.
O'Brien was ahead of world-record pace through nine events at the USA/Mobil championships at Knoxville, Tenn., in June before fading to 5:16.42 in the 1,500 meters, his slowest 1,500 since high school.
It dropped to 98.60 yen from 98.95 yen and declined to 1.5892 marks from 1.5985 marks but has traded in a narrow band since Wednesday, when Greenspan, the Fed's chairman, testified before Congress.
Indeed, Emilio Botin 3d, chairman like his father and grandfather before him, spends half his time flying around the world checking into Santander's foreign operations.
A housing bill is also before the Senate but it does not address the ``one-for-one'' law.
But even before the first tenants moved to Desire, a public housing tenants' association report called it a ``waste of public money'' and ``unsafe for human habitation.'' Those words have echoed through the years and were heard yet again as the New Orleans Housing Authority considered the renovation.
These accounts of subsidies for empty apartments, recited in March before Peterson's subcommittee, led to the legislation passed today.
JORDAN VOWS QUICK ACTION IN CHILD-CUSTODY FIGHT WASHINGTON  (BC-U.S.-JORDAN-KILLER-425&ADD-NYT) A Jordanian official said Monday that his nation would move quickly to resolve the future of the two children of a New Jersey woman who was slain by her husband before he fled with them to his native Jordan.
NBC had passed on the Simpson vehicle as a series in May, the month before Nicole Simpson and Goldman were killed.
The prosecution argued Monday that with certain items of evidence, it must first ascertain whether enough material is available to perform the RFLP test before giving samples to the defense.
While Iraq's rubber-stamp Parliament officially annulled the 1990 annexation after the gulf war, the following year, the government-controlled news media in Baghdad continue to refer to Kuwait as part of Iraq and speak of ``rules imposed on Kuwait.'' All Security Council members agree that Iraq should recognize Kuwait and accept the new U.N.-demarcated boundaries between the two countries before the sanctions against Baghdad are lifted.
But before the announcement, a representative from the plaintiff's legal team said the settlement was intended, in part, to simplify and speed the grueling legal grudge match taking place in federal court here this summer.
Among the many contentious points argued before the jury were arcane details such as whether Japanese consumers, who buy most of Alaska's salmon, consider the fish ``filet mignon,'' as plaintiff's lawyers contend, or an ``everyday sort of Spam of fish,'' as Patrick Lynch, Exxon's lawyer, said.
Among those whose names are likely to surface before the quest is over, are Mike Milbury, the former Bruins coach; Larry Robinson, the acclaimed young Devils assistant, and even Bob Berry, the former Blues coach who Monday was named associate head coach of St. Louis.
She blamed hardliners within the governing Institutional Revolutionary Party for masterminding the incident to destabilize the opposition before the election scheduled for Aug.
More than 145 people were killed before a cease-fire went into effect on Jan.
The prosecution argued Monday that with certain items of evidence, it must first ascertain whether enough material is available to perform the RFLP test before giving samples to the defense.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Just before scheduling a hearing on blood testing, Ito told the prosecution that it could go ahead with some blood testing that it had scheduled for this week.
Shapiro argued that the prosecution might use up some samples entirely before the defense could test them.
JORDAN VOWS QUICK ACTION IN CHILD-CUSTODY FIGHT WASHINGTON  (BC-U.S.-JORDAN-KILLER-425&ADD-NYT) A Jordanian official said Monday that his nation would move quickly to resolve the future of the two children of a New Jersey woman who was slain by her husband before he fled with them to his native Jordan.
``It is dusk in our homes in the Middle East,'' Rabin declared just before he and Hussein picked up their pens to sign the 11-page Washington Declaration.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) The ceremonies in the Rose Garden and on the South Lawn were the first in an extraordinary series of joint public appearances here by Rabin and Hussein, who like their predecessors have met before, but always in secret.
``As this century draws to a close,'' Clinton said, ``a new era of peace opens before us in ancient lands as brave men choose reconciliation over conflict.'' A slow-motion depiction of the famous handshake between Rabin and Arafat is already a centerpiece of Clinton's political fund-raising videotape, and aides said on Monday that they did not doubt that the Israeli-Jordanian version would be given a similar place.
I think we made the best of a bad situation.'' The last act in the dramatic dispute -- which began on July 15 when Keenan charged that the Rangers had breached his five-year contract by not paying a bonus check the day before -- opened last Friday when Mike Shanahan, the Blues' chairman; Jack Quinn, the president, and Tom Guilfoil, the special counsel, flew by chartered jet to New York.
Jordan's Hashemite rulers have been more nuanced in their relations with Israel than Egypt under President Nasser or the PLO before Yasser Arafat embraced diplomacy and peace.
Although Hussein and Rabin had met secretly before to discuss troublesome issues, they acted as if their public meeting was the first step ever taken by the two sides on the journey toward peace.
``I think right now he's going through a transition of learning how to play at a lesser weight, and it's not an easy thing, because he's used to having the ballast that he had before.'' ``It's going to take him a while to get used to it,'' added Barton.
But the 49ers hope, once he gets used to his sleek, new body, Brown will be even quicker than before, while retaining his strength.
On Thursday, 600 regional licenses for airwaves that are to be used for interactive broadcast television will be put on the block in a more traditional style of auction with all bidders assembled and making their offers publicly before an auctioneer.
Administration officials and congressional investigators said on Monday that when Steiner appeared before Congress next week, he would repeat what he had told investigators and would disavow significant passages in the diary.
``They reacted very negatively to the recusal.'' At another point, Steiner writes of the White House advisers and Altman: ``They were very concerned about him turning the RTC to people they didn't know so RA did not formally commit himself to stepping down.'' Altman summoned reporters to the Treasury secretary's conference room on Monday afternoon and offered an hourlong preview of his testimony next week before Congress.
Altman said he had no memory of talking to Ms. Hanson before she went to the White House.
It was only a three-week experiment and on Tuesdays only.'' Warren believes that he has been a target of this group before.
If the stock is lower than $48 a share at that time, Viacom has two more years to see if its stock can get to $55 a share before it must make that payment.
Senators and banking experts predicted that the current bill would pass before the current session of Congress ends this autumn.
IDS, which is 100 years old, was bought by American Express 10 years ago and was briefly known as IDS/American Express before reverting to the IDS Financial Services name in 1985.
He blames the firm's accounting and audit organizations for playing down the significance of the problem and its impact on the firm's bottom line until April, shortly before Jett was fired.
 (BC-CT-DEATH-PENALTY-475&ADD-NYT) Connecticut's death penalty law was upheld on Monday by the state's highest court, ruling in the first murder case to come before it under the 14-year-old law.
In the case decided on Monday, Ross had admitted raping three of the girls before making them lie on their stomachs and then strangling them with his hands.
The headline flashed before my eyes: THOUSANDS DEAD IN STADIUM DISASTER! Fortunately, it was just a few loose tiles.
``So don't talk to me about stupid building tricks in Seattle.'' Of course, that was before I learned that ALL the Kingdome tiles would have to be replaced.
But it may take some time before the Air Touch-U.S. West deal becomes formal.
He was 86, and lived in Southampton, N.Y., for many years before moving to Pompano Beach in 1981.
And twins do amount to a big-time investment: the average parents of twins will spend $12,000 before their duos' first birthday on diapers, baby food, clothes and dually designed products like double car seats, strollers and swings, according to statistics from American Demographics magazine.
I feel like I can rely on their acumen more than ever before.'' 
``He will probably work out once before he runs in the Jim Dandy.'' Meanwhile, Holy Bull was still at his home base at Monmouth Park on the Jersey Shore, where he will give a kind of solo performance Sunday in the Haskell Invitational Handicap.
Police said he and his wife had been going to a marriage counselor and had had an argument before he killed himself.
Do you hound somebody out of office before you determine whether he indeed made the alleged remarks in question, and without even checking to see if the greater good can be achieved by admonishing him, by instructing him and then by letting him do his job again?
On Monday night, McKeon stood before Sifton's bench again -- only this time as the defendant, charged with tipping off burglars to where they might find stashes of drugs to steal and sell.
As the 48-year-old attorney stood somberly before the bench, pleading not guilty to a drug conspiracy charge punishable on conviction by up to 40 years in prison, Sifton did not hide his shock.
``To have a lawyer who appeared before me as recently as May suddenly be accused of essentially leading a secret life,'' the judge said, ``leaves me concerned that his life may be secret not only to the judicial officer before whom he appeared, but possibly to his relatives.'' McKeon's family ``may be as shocked to learn this as I am,'' the judge continued, saying that if the charges in the indictment against McKeon were true, they were the tale of ``a double life by somebody with such high skills.'' The judge said he feared that McKeon, facing such a serious charge, might be tempted to use his skills to flee, and he ordered him jailed until more information could be provided to assure the judge of the soundness of a proposal to free McKeon on a $400,000 bond secured by the homes of two relatives.
Even the bad guys get treated good.'' By the time similar open casting calls conclude later this week in New York, Dallas and Orlando, Fla., thousands of Ranger hopefuls will have tumbled and jumped before show producers Haim Saban and Shuki Levi.
But the series that started on Monday night before a sellout crowd of 43,596 at Fulton County Stadium is expected to be even better because of Alou's Expos.
Kevin Malone, the club's director of player personnel, said before Monday night's game, ``We continually have to make believers out of people.'' Indeed, when the Expos sent a league-high five players to the All-Star Game in Pittsburgh a couple of weeks ago, their presence wasn't really emphasized until Grissom hit a home run and Moises Alou drove in the winning run with a pinch-hit double in extra innings.
Jones, the 10th player selected in the first round of the NBA draft, must first pass a physical this morning before signing a six-year contract believed to be worth more than $13 million.
Van Exel must also complete his physical before signing the contract.
Already late to work, Stober was uncertain how long he would persevere before calling his boss and telling him he would not make it.
It's been kind of spotty.'' A year ago, crops were planted as much as a month behind schedule, if at all, and farmers worried whether corn kernels and bean pods would be mature before the first hard freeze of October.
Government reports show that crops are in better condition now than before the record bin-busting harvest of 1992, which is not just good news for farmers, burdened by new debts to repair flood damage.
The result: The '93 corn harvest was two-thirds as large as it was the year before.
Kansas saw declines in most crops, but managed to have a decent wheat harvest despite the moisture, because the harvest was completed before the worst of the weather problems.
Last fall's harvest was so poor that supplies of grain this spring were 20 percent to 30 percent below the level on stock before the '93 planting season, and economists warned that tight supplies could further drive up the cost of corn and soybeans to livestock feeders and food processors this year.
Just before Lisbon, the county road descends into a cut through the loess soil of the bluff and enters what in effect is a cool, shaded tunnel formed by trees.
``But before my time, riverboats used to tie up to big rocks above town.
KING OF THE BEACH BECOMES A CAREER  (BC-BEACH-VOLLEYBALL-NYT) There was a time when beach volleyball was a statement about the California life style, when 20-something men and women drove to Laguna Beach and Newport Beach at 7 a.m. to get a court and play a few games before the sun and the sand were hot.
Even before the earthquake, the company announced it was thinking about moving its headquarters, and was considering offers from cities inside and outside California.
Halfway through batting practice, Grieve saunters into the dugout where he nonchalantly munches on sunflower seeds before the opener of a three-game series with Minnesota.
Trade for a starting pitcher who might be here for no more than two or three weeks before a strike wipes out the season, or hope that the Rangers can limp into the inevitable labor confrontation by continuing to send out the cannon fodder that almost daily subtracts a year from manager Kevin Kennedy's life?
``We were trying to make it turn blue in the middle before.'' He then went back to pressing different places on his hand in pursuit of achieving the perfect hue of blue.
``I've said it before.
I gotta wait for somebody to hit the Tarmac before I get to fly.
``The most important thing is that I didn't hurt nobody but myself,'' Strawberry said before facing his former team for the first time since his Dodgers career ended under the cloud of drug abuse.
People are going to talk, regardless.'' Lasorda greeted Strawberry with a hug and well wishes before Monday's game, and later took the outfielder aside to assure him he never compared him to a dog as in a well-circulated but unsubstantiated quote (``He's no dog.
I wouldn't get second, third and fourth chances.'' Benzinger said he has seen a transformation from the Strawberry limited to 43 games for the Dodgers in 1992 before undergoing back surgery.
Edwards said Carter has a confidence in the meetings that was not apparent before.
Or, how much of the cultural and geographic landscape can one person control before the returns to the community grow detrimental?
Never before has such a sports/entertainment monopoly existed, with command and control the properties of one man.
We shall go to the moon before this decade is out, landing a craft on July 20, 1969, at 3:17 p.m. Central.
We shall propel those crafts, docked as one, into orbit around the moon before the landing module, which shall be named Eagle, separates for descent to the Sea of Tranquility.'' Sure, Kennedy said that.
Renoir had, for no apparent reason, stopped walking some time before, and he was having a session with his physical therapist when I arrived.
(Her life began as a diarrhea-prone baby who nearly died; her success with Fear of Flying panicked her and she ``stood before the world like a naked tattooed lady''; her pregnancy enthralled her, and author Jerzy Kosinski stroked her belly with adoration at a cocktail party.) But perhaps most revealing in this book, beyond the dissection of her painful relationships and struggle for artistic acceptance, beyond the introduction of her lesbian aunt who is going mad, beyond her openness about her drugs and alcohol, is her exploration of her Jewishness.
``One of the fascinating things about writing Fear of Fifty is that I began to look at myself as a Jew for the first time,'' she said from her office in New York, before launching her book tour.
``As a matter of fact,'' he said, ``before I finished the deal, I made some phone calls and everybody ...
``I've worked with Turner before on college football when I was with the SEC and on the (now defunct) `U.S. Olympic Gold' package for the USOC.'' ``U.S. Olympic Gold'' was a weekly show, devoted to Olympic sports and athletes.
ALPA spokeswoman Karen McGuffey said union leaders will study results of a recent pilot poll before deciding on the issue.
The system automatically shuts down with 15 seconds remaining before the 40-second play clock expires.
Bowden concedes that it is very likely some of his players will be suspended before the season begins.
The Dodgers, 3-8 on the trip, ended their season-high five-game losing streak before 50,144 at Candlestick, against a Giants team that had won 12 of 14 since adding Strawberry.
But Martinez dropped the ball before finding first base and his throw home was too late to get Strawberry.
Martinez allowed four hits over his eight innings before Worrell relieved in the ninth and gave up three runs.
Jean-Francois Decaux, CEO of the toilet manufacturer, said his company would wait until all the sites had been approved citywide before erecting any of the toilets.
``Villette'' was her opus No. 3; before it and after ``Jane Eyre'' came ``Shirley'' (1849), a quite remarkable work of which something now must be said.
``Villette'' was her opus No. 3; before it and after ``Jane Eyre'' came ``Shirley'' (1849), a quite remarkable work of which something now must be said.
And that's before you hire a staff to run the server.
WHITEWATER HEARING OPENS WITH CUTLER DEFENDING OFFICIALS' ETHICS WASHINGTON  (BC-WHITEWATER-HEARINGS-HNS) White House Counsel Lloyd Cutler told lawmakers Tuesday that administration officials had violated no ethics rules in the Whitewater case but that ``there were too many people having too many discussions about too many sensitive matters.'' Cutler testified, as Congress opened long-delayed hearings on the matter, that the administration has taken steps to assure that any future contacts between White House officials and regulatory or law enforcement agencies ``will be beyond challenge.'' At issue in the first of two days of hearings before the House Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs Committee was a series of meetings between White House, Treasury and Resolution Trust Corp.
Cutler did not mention what may become one of the centerpieces of the hearings: Whether Altman was less than candid in testimony before the Senate Banking Committee on Feb.
``You've got to answer some questions on your own as an investor before you approach any sort of screening service that can help you identify funds,'' Phillips said.
Launched into production before ``Ace Ventura'' made Carrey a star, ``The Mask'' exists as little more than a showcase for the eye-popping gimmicks of the Industrial Light & Magic company.
Unlike most other cakes, a shortcake doesn't require creaming the butter and the sugar until it is fluffy or waiting for layers to cool before frosting.
1.First make the curd (can be done the day before).
3.Make the biscuits, adding the lime zest to the dry mixture before stirring in the half-and-half.
Zlata, dubbed the ``Anne Frank of Sarajevo,'' started this diary at age 11, shortly before war broke out, and left off two years later.
``Mike Taylor has the ability to get the agency into at least the last half of the 20th century.'' Taylor, who was a lawyer specializing in food and drug law before he went to the FDA, says he hopes to do better than that.
Californians should glance across the Atlantic Ocean before agreeing to be manipulated.
	Police said the car, a grey Audi sedan, had been parked in front of a small apartment building next to the embassy a few minutes before the explosion, and that the bomb appeared to have been made of 20 to 30 pounds of explosives stashed in the car's trunk.
Are there suddenly two unscripted minutes to go before a commercial?
But Silva Herzog said it was necessary to do something before the very attributes that attract tourists were lost.
Just before shutting down, the line had added flights to Birmingham and Mobile, Ala.
During construction, scheduled to be finished in October, officials advise travelers to arrive at the airport at least an hour before their flight.
Stephane Audran, playing a Frenchwoman who was once a famous chef, provides an unforgettable screen meal, graphically prepared before our eyes.
ISRAEL-JORDAN (Washington)  (AM-PAGE1-CONSIDER-NYT) In words filled with emotion and history, King Hussein of Jordan and Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin of Israel brought their message of reconciliation to Capitol Hill on Tuesday, reaffirming before Congress their commitment to make peace in the Middle East.
He preached at Westminster Cathedral in the morning before traveling to Canterbury for evening prayer.
In some ways he epitomizes the generation of churchmen who for so long conferred on Italy's Christian Democrats the aura of holiness that helped keep them in power, except that in his case he parted company with that self-enriching regime some time before it was fashionable to do so.
He preached at Westminster Cathedral in the morning before traveling to Canterbury for evening prayer.
In some ways he epitomizes the generation of churchmen who for so long conferred on Italy's Christian Democrats the aura of holiness that helped keep them in power, except that in his case he parted company with that self-enriching regime some time before it was fashionable to do so.
Pak arrived in Peking last weekend after an 11-day trip to Pyongyang, where he attended mourning ceremonies for the late Kim Il Sung, and subsequently had a nearly hour-long interview with his son, Kim Jong Il. The younger Kim, who is not known to have given any interviews to the media before, told Pak that he favored a nonconfrontational policy with the United States, and wanted to have a summit with President Bill Clinton.
Pak arrived in Peking last weekend after an 11-day trip to Pyongyang, where he attended mourning ceremonies for the late Kim Il Sung, and subsequently had a nearly hour-long interview with his son, Kim Jong Il. The younger Kim, who is not known to have given any interviews to the media before, told Pak that he favored a nonconfrontational policy with the United States, and wanted to have a summit with President Bill Clinton.
``For a perfect cake, kiss the pan before it goes into the oven,'' she says.
WSPA has a long way to go before dancing bears are a thing of the past.
WSPA has a long way to go before dancing bears are a thing of the past.
Hastily outfitted for war, the Spanish merchant galleon sailed from Manila Bay before dawn Dec.
He posted his stirring account to King Philip III -- apparently before any of his detractors could send their own accounts.
(PLANK) Planking from the ill-fated Spanish galleon San Diego is traced and measured before being returned to the bottom of the South China Sea, buried in sand with the rest of the wreckage.
Hastily outfitted for war, the Spanish merchant galleon sailed from Manila Bay before dawn Dec.
He posted his stirring account to King Philip III -- apparently before any of his detractors could send their own accounts.
(PLANK) Planking from the ill-fated Spanish galleon San Diego is traced and measured before being returned to the bottom of the South China Sea, buried in sand with the rest of the wreckage.
By contrast, ``The Judas Tree,'' the last ballet MacMillan completed before his death in 1992, offered a muddled and fragmented tale of brutality and death on a London construction site.
``For a perfect cake, kiss the pan before it goes into the oven,'' she says.
In the next half hour, we scarcely went a cast without a fish; and should one get off, we would get four or five more strikes before lifting the lure out of the water.
These were brook trout, pan-size, and apparently none had ever seen a hook before.
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 300 calories, 15 grams fat, 14 milligrams cholesterol, 380 milligrams sodium (before optional salting), 8 grams protein, 35 grams carbohydrate.
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 520 calories, 30 grams fat, 60 milligrams cholesterol, 360 milligrams sodium (before salting), 30 grams protein, 30 grams carbohydrate.
Letta was Berlusconi's personal lawyer before joining the government; Previti was a senior executive at Fininvest.
	But he said the Jordanian government is waiting for documentation fro the United States before the children can be turned over.
``I've never done anything that anyone has seen before,'' he says, sipping some iced tea.
In the restaurant, Sinise has been so consumed talking about acting that his pizza has sat before him untouched for 10 minutes.
That was before Forrest Gump, the movie, arrived on the scene, bringing sudden attention to phrases like ``Life is like a box of chocolates: you never know what you're gonna get.'' And now with the movie outdoing even the Schwarzenegger extravaganza ``True Lies,'' the novel has taken off, too, with 805,000 copies in print in mass-market paperback, and more copies being churned out all the time.
It doesn't seem to bother anyone that it took a hit movie and a big star, Tom Hanks, to draw attention to Groom, several of whose books had fallen out of print before Pocket decided to reissue them.
``Books that were books before the movie tend to work a lot better than novelizations,'' he said.
I told him before, `Don't ever mess with that stuff.' If it's a penitentiary offense, a man's a damn fool to do that.
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 300 calories, 15 grams fat, 14 milligrams cholesterol, 380 milligrams sodium (before optional salting), 8 grams protein, 35 grams carbohydrate.
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 520 calories, 30 grams fat, 60 milligrams cholesterol, 360 milligrams sodium (before salting), 30 grams protein, 30 grams carbohydrate.
Preljocaj (of Albanian origin, his name is pronounced here as prel-zho-KAZH) is much talked about, but ``Le Parc'' was overshadowed by a messy squabble in which he resigned the directorship of the Ballet du Nord in Lille before actually taking over, following strenuous protests from the dancers and local politicians.
WHITEWATER HEARING OPENS WITH CUTLER DEFENDING OFFICIALS' ETHICS WASHINGTON  (BC-WHITEWATER-HEARINGS-1STLD-WRITETHRU-HNS) White House Counsel Lloyd Cutler told lawmakers Tuesday that administration officials had violated no ethics rules in the Whitewater case, but nevertheless their actions did not reflect ``as high a performance standard as we should have set for ourselves.'' As Congress opened long-delayed hearings into Whitewater, Cutler testified that the administration has taken steps to assure that any future contacts between White House officials and regulatory or law enforcement agencies ``will be beyond challenge.'' The first of two days of hearings before the House Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs Committee was little more than a sparring match between the committee's 20 Republicans and 30 Democrats over the necessity and scope of the hearings, with Committee Chairman Henry B.
Cutler did not mention what may become one of the centerpieces of the hearings: Whether Altman was less than candid in testimony before the Senate Banking Committee on Feb.
 (BC-KISS-OF-THE-SPIDER-WOMAN-2NDTAKE-$ADV31-NYT) One thing, though, is sure: she has a way to go before she becomes a world-beater of a dancer.
The team has never before written anything to match ``Dear One,'' Act I's lovely, oddball love quartet sung by Molina, his adoring mother (Merle Louise), Valentin and Valentin's upper-class mistress, Marta (Kirsti Carnahan).
Hisham Etall, Jordan's minister of justice, said the Jordanian government was waiting for paperwork from the United States before turning the children over.
Meanwhile, Israel demands that Syria commit itself to the kind of full peace Jordan is promising, with trade and tourism, before it will even begin negotiating the scale and timing of a phased withdrawal from the Golan heights that form their border.
Wish he'd told me that when we could've fixed it, before his stuff was packed in boxes.'' What about you?
``We've got camera crews following people around more than before,'' Krier said.
And before she told her students, she alerted the principal of her plans.
Only landowners with some connection to a federal agency or enterprise would have to consult the service before removing trees deemed critical to the bird's survival.
And as witnessed by its eagerness to dive headlong into the Simpson swamp -- even before Simpson, the football star, actor and broadcaster, has been tried in the killings of his former wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend Ronald L.
Most demonstrative was ABC, in the person of Harbert, who denounced the idea of trying to make entertainment from a murder case before it is adjudicated.
``We've been in that business before and it just isn't worth the mess,'' Harbert said.
I mean, she's a monster!'' Halmi was asked whether Whalley-Kilmer had secretly already been chosen to play Scarlett before he launched a $1 million worldwide search for an actress to play the part.
Halmi was also asked if he bid for the rights to the book ``Scarlett'' before he read it.
On Tuesday, they addressed a joint meeting of Congress in the first appearance ever before that body by leaders from two separate nations.
Son, Michael, 17, remains in Ventura County, where his family lived before moving to Nevada last year.
Son, Michael, 17, remains in Ventura County, where his family lived before moving to Nevada last year.
He was on the ground for a few minutes before he got up, and had trouble swallowing.
Gonzalez, D-Texas, quickly disposed of one of the most sensational aspects of the issue, the death of Vincent Foster, who had been a White House counsel and adviser to the first family on Whitewater before his suicide.
Though her conducting jobs were few, officials said, Bobbitt already established herself in New York and beyond as a competent musician who could direct the show about Tommy, who witnesses a murder and then retreats into a semiautistic state and enduring sexual and emotional abuse before becoming a pinball champion and celebrity.
You have to be aware of all the spokes and make them work together.'' Bobbitt eventually chose touring over teaching (single life also followed; her marriage couldn't sustain the time apart) Her first conducting job was ``42nd Street'' in Pittsburgh before she moved to New York to find work, plenty of which involved short stints providing accompaniment for auditions.
And with less than a month to go before the vote, time may be on his side.
	Local authorities made him an honorary citizen of Sighet, a city of 100,000 near the Hungarian border; it had a large Jewish community before World War II.
In particular, Moscow was angry that the Estonian government insisted that the fate of officers who retired before 1991 be determined ``case by case'' and had at times rejected whole categories of Russian officers, like those born after 1930.
But for 15 days, Dr. Lallani, a Zairian medical officer who regularly visited the 40 orphans before the influx, fought alone against the diseases that have ravaged Rwandan refugees since they fled to Zaire to escape a civil war.
She was cut off before she could finish by Engelhardt, who questioned her selection of a lethargic weeks-old infant boy with protruding ribs for the trip to the Israeli hospital about two and a half miles away.
``Michelle needs to get her act together first before regaining custody of the children,'' said her lawyer, Mitchell Dinnerstein.
She said that city officials insisted on more meetings with the childrens' therapists before acting.
``We go through the system one layer at a time, finding any glitches and correcting them before going on to the next layer.'' A German company, Logplan, has been hired by the city to analyze the problems in the baggage system, and will issue a report early next week, said Mike Dino, a spokesman for Mayor Wellington Webb.
While the city has expressed frustration with the maker of the baggage system, officials say they must concentrate on working together before assessing blame.
Congress is trying to forge a bill before its August recess.
It was two months, he says, before he found out that she had put the baby up for adoption and he began his long fight for the boy.
The child's adoptive parents said they had met with Daniella for nearly three hours a few weeks before Richard was born.
Police said that the car, a gray Audi sedan, had been parked in front of a small apartment building next to the embassy a few minutes before the explosion and that the bomb appeared to have been made of 20 to 30 pounds of explosives stashed in the trunk.
David Tucker, the head of the police's anti-terrorist squad, said the driver, whom he described as a woman between 55 and 60 years old, ``Mediterranean'' in appearance and carrying a Harrods shopping bag, was seen walking away from the car before the blast and was being sought for questioning.
Thirty years ago, before the birth of the Palestine Liberation Organization, it might have been possible.
Al Quds said: ``It is worthwhile remembering that the issue of Arab Jerusalem is not merely an issue of religious ceremonies or holy places only, but a political and geographic issue as well.'' It was striking to listen to the speeches of Hussein and Rabin before Congress on Tuesday.
Tuesday night the team was scheduled to play its first exhibition game before a sold-out Coliseum of fans who came to watch a dream doubleheader.
Then Dream Team II faced the German National team in the first of two exhibitions they will play before competing in next month's World Championships in Canada.
All you need is to stand near the press gate in midafternoon and listen to the cries from a hundred young fans as the players arrive in street clothes one by one, each stopping to sign a dozen or so autographs before heading into the building.
Alex Ramirez, 16, is in sharp form, scoring both a Randy Velarde (``Randy! Randy! Randy!'') and a Don Mattingly (``Don! Don!'') before the crowd is stiffed for the first time, by Mike Greenwell, a Boston player who arrives by cab.
She has a discount coupon requiring purchase 24 hours in advance, but when she showed up at 4:55 p.m. the day before, she says, the ticket window, which is supposed to stay open till 5, was already closed.
What the worst of Steinbrenner's grumbles hasn't been able to do, is accomplished a little later when it begins to rain, accompanied by thunder and lightning just before the gates are scheduled to open at 5 p.m. The spirits of the gathering fans are definitely dampened, but only for a while.
Ridge has been targeted for his attendance record by his opponents since before the May 10 primary.
But it's a matter of weeks, now.'' Steinhoff, with his charts and graphs spread before him like irrefutable allies, seems almost to welcome the potential Gotterdammerung, or at least the radical restructuring, of his theater.
Donaldson, a co-founder of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette in 1959, left the firm in 1973 to become an undersecretary of State, and later served as a special White House counsel in the Ford administration before becoming the first dean of Yale University's graduate school of management and then the chairman and chief executive of the Big Board.
``I've had a history of doing a number of different things with my life.'' But he said he had not given any thought to what he would do next, and did not plan to think about it until his term as chairman ends next May 31, a few days before his 64th birthday.
HUSSEIN AND RABIN BRING THEIR MESSAGE OF RECONCILIATION TO CONGRESS WASHINGTON  (BC-ISRAEL-JORDAN-400&ADDS-ART-NYT) With words filled with emotion and history, King Hussein of Jordan and Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin of Israel brought their message of reconciliation to Capitol Hill on Tuesday morning, reaffirming before Congress their commitment to make peace in the Middle East.
The appearance by the king and Rabin before Congress brought the two men before the body most able to help implement their peace with economic aid.
``I have come before you today to demonstrate that we are ready to open a new era in our relations with Israel,'' the king said.
The National Association of Black-Owned Broadcasters had warned the commission before the auction that a 25 percent bid credit was not sufficient, Smith said.
``If the international community could help us go back home, we would go.'' The sorghum and beans he planted on his 60-square-yard plot before fleeing in April are now ready for harvesting, he explained.
Cutler, parked before a microphone, telling a House committee investigating Whitewater that administration officials had done nothing wrong, really, but that they shouldn't have done it.
Cutler opened the first of two hearings into Whitewater by presenting the results of his own review of discussions between White House and Treasury officials about the investigations into a failed Arkansas savings and loan owned by the Clintons' partner in their Ozarks real estate venture, Whitewater Development Co. Cutler's daylong testimony before the House Banking Committee portrayed senior White House and Treasury advisers scrambling to keep informed about the Whitewater investigation.
Weeks before the season opens, the Battle of Network Doctors was already being waged as NBC and CBS showcased their new shows for visiting TV critics.
``I've never had anything like this happen before,'' she said after the competition ended.
That is what happened in the case before the House Banking Committee, involving the trust corporation's investigation into Madison Guaranty, the Arkansas institution that failed.
The first referral on Madison, completed in September 1992, bounced back and forth between the Justice Department in Washington and the U.S. attorney's office in Little Rock before further investigation was officially declined in the fall of 1993.
Panetta, before going off to see Sen.
The Americans aced the Brazilians from the service line, throwing the ball high in the air and taking three quick steps before slamming it over the net.
``I was looking forward to this series for one reason,'' Alou said before tonight's game.
The Purchase, N.Y.,-based soft drinks giant announced Tuesday it also will launch a line of Citrus Hill juice and fruit drinks under license with Procter & Gamble Co. ``Consumers want more variety today than ever before,'' Pepsi spokesman Gary Hemphill said.
Cutler's appearance before the House Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs Committee kicked off Congress' first hearings into the Whitewater-Madison Guaranty affair that has dogged President Clinton's administration and prompted Republican charges of scandal and cover-up.
``No White House staff member made any effort to change any decision by the RTC, and no decision by the RTC was changed.'' Cutler dismissed conflicting statements about the meetings from administration officials, some made in testimony before Congress, as ``typical variations in recollections of different witnesses to months-old events.'' But those conflicting recollections are at the heart of the issue, Republicans insisted.
BOEING'S SECOND-QUARTER PROFITS DIP 48 PERCENT SEATTLE  (BC-BOEING-EARNS-300&ADD-SPI) If Boeing's second-quarter earnings are any indication, the aircraft maker is in for several more months of lower sales before its financial results begin to regain altitude.
That could mean yet another round of commercial jet production cuts before the anticipated cyclical upturn kicks in.
``We are still a ways off before we see significant orders from airlines other than Southwest,'' Nisbet said.
``Each group in each era looks at the one before and tries to improve on it,'' said Mahan, 50.
``I was among a group of cowboys -- Dennis Reiners, Shawn Davis and Paul Mayo -- that came from the college ranks, approached rodeo more from an athletic standpoint than the group before us.
Cox produced affidavits from Miami cornerbacks Troy Vincent and J.B. Brown and former safety Louis Oliver, as well as Miami security director Stu Weinstein, that they also heard racial slurs directed at Cox before the game.
``They put me in a position where I felt I was fighting the league, the fans and trying to play a football game.'' After a pause, he added, ``After being bullied for so long, after getting your butt kicked every day and having a guy take your lunch money, you feel you should fight back one time and the guy might not take your lunch money any more.'' He said he thought long and hard before filing the lawsuit.
But Redmond said the weather deteriorated before all the equipment was set up and the engineers were forced to abandon the effort.
There, the machine is to spend a day mapping the crater and measuring the temperature and composition of gases escaping from below before starting an expected two-day climb out of the pit.
The document was prepared for a hearing set for Monday into the truth behind Keenan's having declared himself free from the Rangers on July 15 because his $608,000 bonus check was not delivered the day before.
Bettmanhad the Keenan submission before him.
In the 25 games he had played before tonight's, Brogna, who never batted higher than .273 in six minor league seasons, hit .377, with 16 of his 29 hits for extra bases, 5 of them home runs.
``We probably quadrupled our sales of telescopes and it seems like there is ongoing interest.'' Payan said sales have slowed somewhat but are still brisker than before the comet began its plunge into Jupiter's atmosphere last week, creating Earth-size discolorations in the clouds of the solar system's largest planet.
The district has vowed to fight the plan during a hearing before an administrative law judge and, if necessary, beyond.
He scratches his lip, tugs at his chin, leans forward and silently settles into a Rodinesque thinker's pose before uttering a sound.
He utters each line, word and letter before dipping a turkey feather into the shiny black ink -- no synthetic materials allowed -- and intones a singsong chant as he forms each letter in careful strokes.
In recent years, he began restoring Torahs before undertaking his first assignment copying an entire one for the congregation's 150th anniversary next year.
He treks back to the temple, where he dons phylacteries and says morning prayers before going to his studio to continue working on what will eventually take up 64 pages of parchment.
In keeping with the ritual, before starting the scroll, he writes the name of an evil tribe mentioned in the Torah on a scrap of parchment, them blots it out and throws it away.
Consumers should do research before sitting down to negotiate.
``If you have those three things then you know if the deal is a good one or a bad one before you make it,'' said W.
Consumers should do research before sitting down to negotiate.
``If you have those three things then you know if the deal is a good one or a bad one before you make it,'' said W.
On Tuesday night, the team played its first exhibition game before 23,690 fans who came to watch a dream doubleheader.
Then Dream Team II defeated the German national team, 114-81, in the first of two exhibitions it will play before competing in next month's world championships in Canada.
``I came in at a good time,'' he said before his three-game home-run streak ended in the Royals' 3-2 victory over the White Sox on Tuesday night.
They stood 1-5 on April 13 and were losing to the Boston Red Sox 1-0 before his two-run shot in the bottom of the ninth.
The prospect of reduced traffic congestion, however, did little to assuage many of the 75 people who showed up at Tuesday's hearing in Queens Borough Hall before officials of the Federal Aviation Administration, the agency that prepared the impact statement.
Said Grahe: ``I've done it before and I'll do it again.
I wish we could bring 'em in the week before we play our games.
The Stars have 12 players who are entering the option year of their contracts, and Armstrong would like to have all 12 signed before training camp begins Sept.4. Those negotiating are: goalies Andy Moog and Darcy Wakaluk; defensemen Mark Tinordi, Craig Ludwig and Richard Matvichuk; and forwards Trent Klatt, Brent Gilchrist, Dave Gagner, Russ Courtnall, Neal Broten, Alan May and Paul Broten.
``Last year I was sitting around to see what they were going to do,'' said Mickell, who missed training camp his rookie season because he wasn't drafted until a week before the 1992 season began.
He worked harder and more diligently than ever before.
Oh, the Angels lost again, if that still qualifies as news -- 6-0 to the Oakland A's before 20,156 at Anaheim Stadium.
Another witness, Annette Arrington, of White Plains, who was driving westbound on the 287, said she saw the truck roll off the Grant Avenue overpass that crosses the expressway, go down an embankment, and then tumble onto the expressway before bursting into flames about 200 yards in front of her.
Q: Since Britain's Prince Charles supposedly has been in love with Camilla Parker Bowles since before he married Princess Diana, why didn't he just marry her in the first place?
Q: Where was space research done before it was done at the Johnson Space Center in Texas?
Langley was established in 1917 to conduct airplane research, long before NASA existed and before scientists talked seriously about space travel.
A: Since the outbreak of hostilities in Rwanda, the country's population, which was about 8 million before the hostilities, has been cut in half.
Also, doctors would have to go through lengthy bureaucratic transactions before the GSA ships an order, whereas now they deal directly with the manufacturer.
North Korea is officially an atheistic state, but before communism, it had Buddhist and Confucian traditions, and they continue.
Steve's quiet for thirty seconds before he starts in again.
The biggest culprit is paint in the 57 million houses built before 1978, when the government banned lead from household paint.
The GAO said the standards probably will not be issued before the end of 1995.
You have to read sideways to see what's really going on here, but before you start using these as a substitute for too many words, remember that many Internet users consider smileys to be an admission of poverty of language.
Yet more Texans than ever before fear being robbed, raped or murdered, and the state can't build prisons fast enough to handle a flood of repeat offenders.
Under the new law, people convicted of aggravated kidnapping, aggravated robbery, aggravated sexual assault or any felony offense involving use of a deadly weapon will serve half of their sentences without ``good time'' credits before being eligible for parole.
Present law requires that one-quarter of sentences be served before parole.
The Legislature also for the first time required those convicted of murder and indecency with a child by contact to serve half of their sentences before being eligible for parole.
Capital murderers serving life sentences will have to serve 40 years before being considered for parole.
WSPA has a long way to go before dancing bears are a thing of the past.
WSPA has a long way to go before dancing bears are a thing of the past.
Hastily outfitted for war, the Spanish merchant galleon sailed from Manila Bay before dawn Dec.
He posted his stirring account to King Philip III -- apparently before any of his detractors could send their own accounts.
(PLANK) Planking from the ill-fated Spanish galleon San Diego is traced and measured before being returned to the bottom of the South China Sea, buried in sand with the rest of the wreckage.
Hastily outfitted for war, the Spanish merchant galleon sailed from Manila Bay before dawn Dec.
He posted his stirring account to King Philip III -- apparently before any of his detractors could send their own accounts.
(PLANK) Planking from the ill-fated Spanish galleon San Diego is traced and measured before being returned to the bottom of the South China Sea, buried in sand with the rest of the wreckage.
ASSEMBLY SPEAKER BROWN TO COMBAT `CHECKBOOK JOURNALISM' SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-CHECKBOOK-JOURNALISM-HNS) Assembly Speaker Willie Brown -- condemning ``checkbook journalism'' as an incentive for witnesses to lie -- is drafting legislation to prevent material witnesses in criminal cases from selling their stories to the media before a trial.
Eureka! They brought my plate, and everything on it was orange, and all the Mexican food of my childhood came floating back before my eyes.
I think they should do a little more research before panicking a whole nation unnecessarily.
I would get up before dawn to watch TV when shuttles were launched.
Astronauts had died before.
But they were professionals, test pilots and adventurers who understood and accepted the hazards of being pioneers in a world where none had gone before.
As we watched that deadly rocket lifting McAuliffe and the others through the sky, it never occurred to us that they might be killed on live television, that we might see these seven explorers obliterated before our very eyes.
He was arrested and beaten several times before Duvalier fled Haiti in 1986, ending a 29-year family dictatorship.
He preached at Westminster Cathedral in the morning before traveling to Canterbury for evening prayer.
In some ways he epitomizes the generation of churchmen who for so long conferred on Italy's Christian Democrats the aura of holiness that helped keep them in power, except that in his case he parted company with that self-enriching regime some time before it was fashionable to do so.
He preached at Westminster Cathedral in the morning before traveling to Canterbury for evening prayer.
In some ways he epitomizes the generation of churchmen who for so long conferred on Italy's Christian Democrats the aura of holiness that helped keep them in power, except that in his case he parted company with that self-enriching regime some time before it was fashionable to do so.
Pak arrived in Peking last weekend after an 11-day trip to Pyongyang, where he attended mourning ceremonies for the late Kim Il Sung, and subsequently had a nearly hour-long interview with his son, Kim Jong Il. The younger Kim, who is not known to have given any interviews to the media before, told Pak that he favored a nonconfrontational policy with the United States, and wanted to have a summit with President Bill Clinton.
Pak arrived in Peking last weekend after an 11-day trip to Pyongyang, where he attended mourning ceremonies for the late Kim Il Sung, and subsequently had a nearly hour-long interview with his son, Kim Jong Il. The younger Kim, who is not known to have given any interviews to the media before, told Pak that he favored a nonconfrontational policy with the United States, and wanted to have a summit with President Bill Clinton.
But as long as gasoline prices continue to rise, Chevron and other oil companies should experience a rebound in profits in the second half of the year, while consumers must wait for the trend to reverse before feeling relief.
The bus, which was parked outside Candlestick Park before Tuesday's Giants-Dodgers game, is part of an effort by Coke's Minute Maid subsidiary to invoke psychedelic-era nostalgia to launch Fruitopia, its new fruit juice beverage.
His people are high-powered talkers, remarking sometimes on the nature of this odd transaction they actually engaged in during a taping session before you came: ``We can say that we are virtual or real, really artificial or artificially virtual; gibberish all of it, I think.
The Peppers' recordings contained a greater variety of texture and formal interest than anything that had appeared beforehand in jazz.
That is about all I used my old phone for, which probably explains why my journalism ``career'' has bottomed out to what you see before you today.
We have seen these images before in the so-called crack-down on drug houses, and now we see it in the fight against urban gangs.
Unfortunately, it seems these kids get more attention and more assistance after they have committed a crime and gone through the Texas Youth Council than they do before they are caught violating the law.
The demonstration, sponsored by the nonprofit group Citizen Action, erupted shortly before 1 p.m. at the entrance to the old Senate Chambers, adjacent to Dole's office.
But they still have years to go before the so-called HSCT leaves the ground.
``The boats are all gone, so where's the problem?'' asked Pete Sahli as he prepared sandwiches for his children before fishing off the jetty.
Most people have seen pictures of the grandfather who died before they were born, but many don't know how old he was when he died, or the exact cause or causes of his death.
If you have close relatives with cystic fibrosis or Huntington's disease, you might want to consider genetic counseling before starting a family.
``They may know that Granddad had heart disease, but suddenly they find out that four others in the family had it too, or they may find out about a child who died early in infancy that they didn't know anything about.'' Students are assigned to complete their genograms shortly before Thanksgiving on the theory that they are most likely to be in contact with family members during the holidays.
Some practitioners routinely provide computer printouts of notes and observations before a new patient leaves the office and send copies of any test results as soon as they are available.
Have a restoration expert examine antique woodwork before starting rehabilitation.
Paint applied to woodwork before 1978 usually contains lead.
Ulmer's ``Detour'' (1945) on television the night before and figured they couldn't do much better in the crime-thriller department.
Yet before we dance on Lenin's tomb and do handsprings on Schoenberg's, we need to ask what all these new freedoms gain for us, if they exist at all.
``I've said it before: I think the support we've gotten in Austin has been a big part of the success we've had these past few years.'' Corporate sponsors pay dearly to attach their names to the event, virtually covering camp costs.
``It was a wake-up call for us to get this project done before the big one hits,'' said library director Jeff Pudewell.
Student library workers have been working seven days a week since July 5 to move all the books before classes start Aug.
The pace is so rapid that construction workers hardly have time to assemble the racks before students fill them with the transplanted books.
That was before Tuesday, when the company abruptly refused to buy any of its own shares at dozens of offices throughout Moscow.
Connie Gonzalez, who has been Ms. McCorvey's partner for the last 21 years, turns on the television to the O.J. Simpson hearings before heading into the kitchen to scramble eggs and fry bacon.
She didn't think anyone could love her 'cause she was never loved before, only needed.
When a man is right he wants to get all that is coming to him for being right.'' He would go back to Wall Street, and he would make and lose and make several fortunes before he was through.
``Reminiscences'' was serialized in The Saturday Evening Post before its original appearance as a book in 1923.
But I had to grasp that general principle firmly before I saw that to put it into practice really meant to anticipate probabilities.'' Or: ``A speculator must not be merely a student; he must be both a student and a speculator.'' The market has changed since the time of Livingstone-Livermore, with new laws, investment vehicles and tax rules.
Livermore was famous for apparently playing winning hunches, like the time he suddenly shorted Union Pacific in a bull market just before the San Francisco earthquake, or when he once leaped up from a lunch table in Hot Springs, Ark., to sell 10,000 bales of cotton.
It changes even more Thursday, when Williams appears before the House Banking Committee to help account for the White House staff's clumsy handling of the affair surrounding the Clintons' real estate venture in Arkansas.
She has left before, once to work in Paris and later to attend graduate school at the University of Pennsylvania.
Unfortunately, the grass had already been cut by the thousands of Toro pilgrims who had trod there before.
``It only runs for a half hour to 45 minutes before the battery runs out,'' Mitchell said.
They said he was awaiting the outcome of the congressional hearings and a review by the Office of Government Ethics before deciding whether to ask Clinton to dismiss his old friend.
The authorities dug up fields near her estate and dragged a pond searching for her body before she was declared legally dead in 1984.
Zeroing in on a rickety wood planter, she consigned it to the basement, but not before taking two of the leafiest plants and arranging them in a large basket on the floor.
But before building a floor-to-ceiling bookcase in her living room, she called in Room Redux for a second opinion.
If people don't like what a movie is about -- or think they've seen it before -- they just won't go.
Your nerves too get all bent and crinkly, and before you know it your neural pathways are crossed and you find yourself eating cheese-flavored Triscuits for no apparent reason.
Ridge, who is a lawyer, thought it was a good tactic by the White House and Democratic leaders having Cutler testify first to lay the groundwork before other administration officials testify.
If you can forget the horrific images of the weeks before, this rare bit of good news about the Clinton-era military may not seem too little, too late.
In 1960, Sirimavo Bandaranaike of Sri Lanka became the first woman in the world to be a prime minister, and Indira Gandhi served more than a decade in two periods as India's prime minister before she was assassinated in 1984.
When news is created before our eyes or ears, there is a temptation by reporters to be more than what they are.
Christy rallied, underwent extensive treatment and brought her weight back up to 65 pounds before suffering a final relapse.
RIFKIN TAKES THE STAND AND SPARS WITH PROSECUTOR RIVERHEAD, N.Y.  (BC-RIFKIN-TRIAL-NYT) After months of sitting silently at the defense table during his first trial, Joel Rifkin eagerly took the witness stand for the first time Wednesday at a hearing before his second trial, contending that police repeatedly ignored his requests for a lawyer when he confessed last year to killing 17 women.
At the hearing, held in Suffolk County Court before Judge John J.J. Jones Jr., Rifkin, sporting a new, short hair cut and a neatly trimmed mustache, spoke in a clear, firm voice, looked directly at Ahearn and responded carefully to each question.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) In the next three months, analysts said, the weak dollar and a variety of negative technical factors could combine to push the DAX down near 1,800 before it stabilizes.
After that, the American team heads for Oakland to be fodder for Dream Team II in an exhibition game before the NBA stars take on the world in Toronto in August.
Russell's daring and impressive feature debut, assuredly goes where few domestic features -- independent or Hollywood -- have seriously ventured before.
A few weeks before she was fired in February 1991, the Cracker Barrel Old Country Restaurant chain circulated a memo that it would no longer employ anybody who did not demonstrate ``normal, heterosexual values,'' Summerville recalls.
Her mother, Miriam Loomer, was waging her final fight against the breast cancer she had wrestled into remission a decade before, and several female friends were battling the disease.
Thoughtful and meticulous, she carefully shaped her comments before speaking.
The durable goods announcement seems likely to fan concerns at the Federal Reserve about two possible sources of future inflation that Alan Greenspan, the chairman of the Federal Reserve, described in testimony before the Senate Banking Committee last week.
For example, when the ``Oprah Winfrey Show'' and all four networks carried the story of the man who went to jail last year for lending a severely injured friend his insurance card rather than risk the possibility that the friend, uninsured, would be turned away from the emergency room, it was Families USA that placed the story, organizing a news conference on the case the day before he went to jail.
``We think Clinton has adopted what we've pushed since before he was a candidate.'' In contrast to Families USA, the Health Care Reform Project, a broad coalition of labor, consumer and health groups headed by John Rother of the American Association of Retired Persons, describes itself as ``a coalition of groups that support health reform but have not endorsed the Clinton bill.'' That group, adopting some of the selling techniques used by Families USA, was responsible for the recent commercials accusing Pizza Hut of hypocrisy for insuring workers abroad but not at home.
When you talk about losing insurance, it sounds like something that will protect them.'' The ties between Families USA and Bill Clinton were forged even before Clinton became president.
Moreover, patients and therapists say there seems to be greater acceptance of psychotherapy in New York City than ever before.
She had been seeing a therapist uptown before finding someone with whom she clicked closer to home.
this year, has been hit hard by cuts in military spending and was trimming its operations even before the deal with Northrop was consummated.
By taking polls of officers and establishing internal focus groups to discuss proposals, the committees reached through the ranks before they wrote their reports.
``We will have a small technical assistance team at the disposal of Civic Alliance,'' Ignacio Perez said here before returning to San Antonio on Wednesday.
``Running a big company in today's environment is a killer.'' The decision on the new chief executive might not be made before October, Mr. Owsley said.
The efforts showed signs of paying off in first quarter earnings, reported shortly before Davis quit.
The London police said they continued to hunt for a woman who had parked a gray Audi sedan outside the Israeli Embassy in the Kensington district of London just after noon on Tuesday, moments before a bomb in the car exploded, wounding 14 people and badly damaging the embassy and an adjacent apartment building.
Republicans, meanwhile, complained that Democratic leaders were drafting their health care bills in secret and demanded a week to review them before beginning floor debate.
This issue of timing is not a small thing: House leaders, as they brief their members on their plan, have been assuring them that there will be some kind of test vote in the Senate before the House has to vote on the employer mandate.
Bond prices fell, prompting the yield on the benchmark 30-year bond to rise as high as 7.612 percent before settling at 7.61 percent, up from 7.54 percent the previous day.
Montreal resumed play after the break just as white-hot as before.
Other federal agencies will be given 30 days to propose changes before its terms are made public.
Christy rallied, underwent extensive treatment and brought her weight back up to 65 pounds before suffering a final relapse.
Asked if the bill would become law before the end of the year, he said, ``You betchya!'' Wednesday's action marks a personal victory for Sen.
Ministry officials reported that the Iranian Embassy here had increased its use of its diplomatic pouch in the weeks before the bombing.
But before he uses the extra time, he must yield to a Democrat who could run the questioning off in a different direction.
Wheeler was adopted at age 4 in 1946 by Bud and Betty Abbott, who paid $50,000 for her because they were too old (in their late 40s at the time) to adopt a child legally in California, Vickie was told by her mother shortly before she died in 1982.
``I couldn't wait to call you, so you could tell Vickie.'' Unbeknown to Vickie Wheeler, her missing baby brother had been searching for his siblings, too -- giving up in 1981, one year before Vickie started her search.
Wheeler was adopted at age 4 in 1946 by Bud and Betty Abbott, who paid $50,000 for her because they were too old (in their late 40s at the time) to adopt a child legally in California, Vickie was told by her mother shortly before she died in 1982.
``I couldn't wait to call you, so you could tell Vickie.'' Unbeknown to Vickie Wheeler, her missing baby brother had been searching for his siblings, too -- giving up in 1981, one year before Vickie started her search.
Wheeler was adopted at age 4 in 1946 by Bud and Betty Abbott, who paid $50,000 for her because they were too old (in their late 40s at the time) to adopt a child legally in California, Vickie was told by her mother shortly before she died in 1982.
``I couldn't wait to call you, so you could tell Vickie.'' Unbeknown to Vickie Wheeler, her missing baby brother had been searching for his siblings, too -- giving up in 1981, one year before Vickie started her search.
I didn't even make my first stop yet.'' In White Plains alone, the morning rush-hour traffic on North Broadway, where traffic came off Exit 6 just before the accident scene, was at 3,000 vehicles per hour in one direction, up from 1,800 on an average day.
A mechanic before he became a truck driver, Conway often helped Mrs.
Dante I marched over the edge of the maw of Mount Erebus, an active volcano in Antarctica with a lava lake in its floor, but had descended less than 25 feet before its power and control cable kinked and broke.
Never before in the eight-year history of this bill has anything passed both houses.
A conference committee now must meld the two different versions, and then pass the final bill through both houses before sending it to President Clinton for his signature.
Over the years, the authorities have dug up lush fields near her Glenview, Ill., estate and dragged a pond searching for her body before she was declared legally dead in 1984.
He had romanced her with champagne and Guy Lombardo one New Year's Eve before tricking her into spending at least $300,000 on ``virtually worthless'' race and show horses, according to the former lawyer for her estate, John Menk, who added that one race horse cost her $100,000, Bailey and three of his associates, Robert Brown, Jerry Farmer and Ross Hugi, who have also been charged as members of Bailey's ``criminal enterprise,'' pocketed and divided most of the money among themselves, the authorities said.
Burns said before he was caught he killed 13 to 15 horses for pay, usually by electrocuting them.
They said that the Treasury secretary was awaiting the outcome of the congressional hearings and a review of the Office of Government Ethics before deciding whether to ask Clinton to dismiss his old friend.
Next week, the three officials will appear before the House and Senate Banking committees.
But next week's hearings will put the top Treasury officials in the awkward position of displaying these contradictions in public, before a Senate panel that is already skeptical about the completeness of Altman's testimony before it in February.
Over the years, the authorities have dug up lush fields near her Glenview, Ill., estate and dragged a pond searching for her body before she was declared legally dead in 1984.
He had romanced her with champagne and Guy Lombardo one New Year's Eve before tricking her into spending at least $300,000 on ``virtually worthless'' race and show horses, according to the former lawyer for her estate, John Menk, who added that one race horse cost her $100,000, Bailey and three of his associates, Robert Brown, Jerry Farmer and Ross Hugi, who have also been charged as members of Bailey's ``criminal enterprise,'' pocketed and divided most of the money among themselves, the authorities said.
Burns said before he was caught he killed 13 to 15 horses for pay, usually by electrocuting them.
City and state officials said it would take another six to nine months before the Yankees are presented with a comprehensive proposal for the stadium, the surrounding area and improved transportation.
They said that the Treasury secretary was awaiting the outcome of the congressional hearings and a review of the Office of Government Ethics before deciding whether to ask Clinton to dismiss his old friend.
Next week, the three officials will appear before the House and Senate Banking committees.
But next week's hearings will put the top Treasury officials in the awkward position of displaying these contradictions in public, before a Senate panel that is already skeptical about the completeness of Altman's testimony before it in February.
Henry Hyde, R-Ill., who said before the vote that he would ``not retreat'' on the matter.
Espinal often baby-sat for other young mothers, among them Rosa Pantoja, whose child she had tended just two hours before the explosion.
TIMES SQUARE PLAN WOULD BE DISASTROUS FOR TAXPAYER, REPORT SAYS NEW YORK  (BC-TIMES-SQUARE-REDEVELOP-295&ADD-NYT) Less than a week before a critical deadline in the long-delayed plan to redevelop Times Square, a new report from one of the project's most prominent critics suggests that the deal for four huge office towers has created a financial quagmire that could cost taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars.
The legislation is expected to be voted on by both the House and the Senate before Congress' August recess, an aide to Schumer said.
``Then before you know, we were 3-0 and then people were saying we hadn't played anybody.
Never mind the poke Buddy had taken at the Oilers' offensive coordinator, Kevin Gilbride, shortly before halftime of the Jets game in January.
The head of Georgia Public Television was verbally buggy-whipped at a state legislative appropriations hearing before ``Tales'' aired.
GWIRE SAYS INJURY IS LIKE `KNIFE IN MY HEEL'  (BC-BBA-MCGWIRE-275&ADD-SFCHRON) ``It is basically the same feeling I had last year, like somebody put a knife in my heel,'' McGwire said before Wednesday's game against the Angels.
``I was on first base right before I hurt it, and J.T. Snow was asking about my foot.
13, one week before the Travers.
The filly's owner, Charles Matses, reported that ``we jogged her last week, and she was a bit off.'' The X-rays showed chips in a knee that had troubled the filly before.
Although Rorapaugh worked in Bill Clinton's presidential campaign and ran two Democratic statewide races before going to work for Fisher, she is a behind-the-scenes political technician whose face is not widely known.
Trailing in polls before the debate, Fernandez shot ahead of Zedillo and Cardenas in surveys taken afterward.
Some aides admit that suspending a presidential campaign just seven weeks before an election is more than a little unusual, but National Action officials insist that Fernandez's recess did not hurt his public support.
Although Rorapaugh worked in Bill Clinton's presidential campaign and ran two Democratic statewide races before going to work for Fisher, she is a behind-the-scenes political technician whose face is not widely known.
Meeting in a closed session before the election, several board members expressed opposition to a proposal by Cortines to give a half-dozen senior board officials modest salary increases as a result of transfers that resulted in increased duties, board members said.
``This is the largest land protection act south of Alaska ever to come before Congress.
(John Sotomayor/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT18) GOMA, Zaire -- July 27, 1994 -- RWANDA-REFUGEES-2, 7-27 -- Six-year-old Carine Nirare and her two younger brothers, Patrick and Eric, in the rain at the Kabumba refugee camp near Goma, Zaire, on Wednesday before they were taken to a makeshift orphanage at another camp.
(John Sotomayor/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT18) GOMA, Zaire -- July 27, 1994 -- RWANDA-REFUGEES-2, 7-27 -- Six-year-old Carine Nirare and her two younger brothers, Patrick and Eric, in the rain at the Kabumba refugee camp near Goma, Zaire, on Wednesday before they were taken to a makeshift orphanage at another camp.
(John Sotomayor/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT18) GOMA, Zaire -- July 27, 1994 -- RWANDA-REFUGEES-2, 7-27 -- Six-year-old Carine Nirare and her two younger brothers, Patrick and Eric, in the rain at the Kabumba refugee camp near Goma, Zaire, on Wednesday before they were taken to a makeshift orphanage at another camp.
(John Sotomayor/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT18) GOMA, Zaire -- July 27, 1994 -- RWANDA-REFUGEES-2, 7-27 -- Six-year-old Carine Nirare and her two younger brothers, Patrick and Eric, in the rain at the Kabumba refugee camp near Goma, Zaire, on Wednesday before they were taken to a makeshift orphanage at another camp.
A state administrative law judge later this year will consider the arguments of the state and Texas TGV before ruling whether the corporation defaulted on the franchise.
Though I've never felt endangered during my hilly adventures, there are a few precautions I always take and would recommend of anyone else: Never go alone, always carry water and/or other replenishing beverages, drink plenty of fluids several hours prior to running, dress appropriately and make sure you can finish before dark.
As before, I couldn't wait to share my experiences with others.
I've done this before -- if there are no lawyers involved, the professionals take care of it.'' Meanwhile, a hearing is expected Aug.
And the Yankees and Boston Red Sox went to the clubhouse amid heavy rain with their game suspended at 3-3, their fortunes rescheduled for Thursday afternoon at 12:05, when the game will be resumed before the regularly scheduled one.
Howe replaced Perez and quickly limited the Red Sox's damage, but not before a mental error by Gallego cost the Yankees the tying run.
He had not given up more than two earned runs in any of his outings before Wednesday evening and, at one point, had pitched 19 consecutive shutout innings.
Pena followed with his homer to make it 4-2, and Jacome then walked Jefferies (his fourth walk of the game, although one was intentional) before Zeile grounded into a double play.
Farrell's bailiff has added a touch of class to the workday routine, announcing the start of court with a ceremonious, ``Everyone rise, please.'' The defense attorney bought two new suits, and Farrell's wife makes sure the judge's hair is properly gelled before he leaves for work in the morning.
``It wouldn't let me focus on what we need to do because I would be focusing on what has already been done.'' Although a certain amount of buffing and polishing took place before the Court TV cameras started rolling, most of the trial participants said they didn't do anything out of the ordinary to accommodate the camera.
Farrell's bailiff has added a touch of class to the workday routine, announcing the start of court with a ceremonious, ``Everyone rise, please.'' The defense attorney bought two new suits, and Farrell's wife makes sure the judge's hair is properly gelled before he leaves for work in the morning.
``It wouldn't let me focus on what we need to do because I would be focusing on what has already been done.'' Although a certain amount of buffing and polishing took place before the Court TV cameras started rolling, most of the trial participants said they didn't do anything out of the ordinary to accommodate the camera.
On Wednesday their starter, Phil Leftwich, staggers through a 36-minute top of the first inning, putting the Angels in a 6-0 rut before they can get their leadoff man to the plate.
It was 6-0 before the Angels had unwrapped their pine-tar rag.
Anderson, who starred at Kennedy High School in Granada Hills before being drafted by the Angels in the fourth round in 1990, made his first major-league start and got his first major-league hit.
``We'll see how they do,'' Rash said, before deciding where to run next.
Last year, Bertrando won the Pacific Classic and the Woodward Stakes and was the top candidate for Horse of the Year before running second to Arcangues in the Breeders' Cup Classic.
He was the No. 1 draft choice of Atlanta in 1986 and spent five years with the Falcons before being traded to Dallas in 1991.
Twice since the Epicenter opened before the 1993 season club, city officials expanded the seating capacity, though further plans are being considered with caution.
``Two days before the 1993 seasons, when we moved in here,'' he said, ``it was the first time I've ever had an office that didn't have wheels under it.'' Perhaps it lacks the grit of most minor league parks, the smell of beer and baseball.
``It looks a little different on the surface, but underneath, everything is the same as before.'' Many of the players felt moved to mention former coach Jimmy Johnson's accomplishments as a two-time Super Bowl winner.
But before the season was over, he frequently found himself as a backup.
RANGERS' BEST DEAL LIGHTS UP MEMORIES ARLINGTON, Texas  (BC-BBO-REEVES-COLUMN-TEX) There should have been a moment of silence before the Texas Rangers' game with the Minnesota Twins at The Ballpark in Arlington on Wednesday night.
They have savored glamor that other national players before them haven't.
Adding a final insult to it, a Russian scored on a breakaway just before the buzzer, making the score 9-4.
By 1986, Fitch had his fifth division title and a surprise NBA finalist, the Rockets stunning the Lakers for the Western Conference crown before falling to Boston in the championship series.
``This is L.A., and I've enjoyed the nine years I've spent here,'' said Pfund, a longtime Lakers assistant before being elevated to the top spot in 1992-93.
I had no fear.'' Gowda has seen that initial distrust and unspoken xenophobia before.
He studied pediatric oncology and hematology at King's County Medical Center in Brooklyn before coming to Palm Beach County in 1988.
And then in March 1993, only three weeks before his treatments would end, Harold went on another camping trip, rafting down the Peace River, and suddenly found himself tired again.
``He has a lot of patients, but he always takes time to listen.'' Brent Adrian, 16, met Dr. Gowda when he was diagnosed with acute lymphocytic leukemia four days before his 15th birthday.
Five years must pass before he'll be deemed officially cancer-free.
(That was 25 years before IBM produced its first personal computer in Boca Raton and set off a flurry of excitement about the coming of South Florida's ``Silicon Beach.'') The North Carolina group had an idea: Lure companies that would diversify the state's economy and keep the region's bright college graduates from leaving the state to find work.
He told friends in St. Augustine that he'd begun planning a museum years before.
She was visiting her cousin, who's gotten calls for Elvis before.
``I got two weeks to grow it back'' before ``NYPD'' goes back into production, he says.
Older people taking a drug on the JAMA list should not stop taking the medication before first consulting a doctor.
``I remember that at the height of modern-day race riots, a black musician said to me: `When I watch the news before my concerts I get so worked up I play terribly.' I thought that especially at a time of heightened racial trouble it was important to play better,'' says Watts.
COMMENTARY: CHURCHILL'S POPULARITY OVERWHELMED HIS DETRACTORS  (BC-KLEINBERG-COLUMN-$ADV31-COX) It was only a matter of time before the alchemists of history got around to Winston Churchill.
But before that, Churchill had endeared himself to the British people, and to the Western world as well.
WSPA has a long way to go before dancing bears are a thing of the past.
WSPA has a long way to go before dancing bears are a thing of the past.
Hastily outfitted for war, the Spanish merchant galleon sailed from Manila Bay before dawn Dec.
He posted his stirring account to King Philip III -- apparently before any of his detractors could send their own accounts.
(PLANK) Planking from the ill-fated Spanish galleon San Diego is traced and measured before being returned to the bottom of the South China Sea, buried in sand with the rest of the wreckage.
Hastily outfitted for war, the Spanish merchant galleon sailed from Manila Bay before dawn Dec.
He posted his stirring account to King Philip III -- apparently before any of his detractors could send their own accounts.
(PLANK) Planking from the ill-fated Spanish galleon San Diego is traced and measured before being returned to the bottom of the South China Sea, buried in sand with the rest of the wreckage.
THAT'S ENTERTAINMENT! III: More song-and-dance treasures from the MGM vault, this time accompanied by outtakes, behind-the-scenes footage and never before seen production numbers.
Played by German actor Marco Hofschneider (``Europa Europa''), naive but curious Phillippe Le Clerc suffers the most obvious culture shock -- American football isn't the kind he knows -- before embarking on a really risky social misadventure.
(It makes the sheep nervous.) But before you can say flying saucer, Marcel, effectively underplayed by Kyle MacLachlan, becomes the fall guy as the Washington establishment undertakes what may be the most far-fetched cover-up in the history of cover-up movies.
``I haven't played this nice of a guy before,'' Cage said of dream cop Charlie Lang.
But before the scandal gets completely out of control, it's only fair to give the producer of -- oh, let's call it ``Cop Happens to Waitress''' -- a chance to explain himself.
You probably had a mean boyfriend you tried to dump before you moved to Los Angeles (Spanish for ``Supermodels live here and stuff'').
I think I liked them better before.
Belle appealed his 10-day suspension and is due for a hearing before AL president Bobby Brown on Friday.
The judge's three-year investigation revealed, among other things, that: Pelat and his associates, acting on a tip from the French finance ministry then headed by Beregovoy, reaped more than $1 million profit by buying shares in American National Can Corporation just before the U.S. firm was taken over by Pechiney, a state-owned steel company here.
Witnesses told authorities that Kidd's vehicle was traveling at more than 100 mph shortly before the wreck.
The hearing before the Senate Rules and Administration Committee was on a proposal by Wofford to end the practice among Senators of changing offices after elections or when office space closer to the Capitol or with a better view opens up.
Remove tart from pan before serving.
Long before the days of political correctitude cartoons were teaching children the difference between right and wrong, and that bad things sometimes happen to good people.
Just before serving, toss greens with Sweet and Sour Nectarines.
Long before the days of political correctitude cartoons were teaching children the difference between right and wrong, and that bad things sometimes happen to good people.
He's the one who got me to play football before my senior year in high school.
``He's tried using young associates before, and it hasn't worked out.
They still have plenty of time to set up a partnership and perhaps a buyout before Falcone retires.
A former teacher, he said he was discharged from a variety of sales positions before settling upon his current career as a publisher.
What's more, the camp ``teaches you how to work in a team with people you never met before and how to make decisions that could affect your life,'' she said.
They are studying their shots before giving the ball a stroke -- not a kick -- and even keeping score.
Gibbons' committee has the responsibility for financing Superfund and must act before the full House can vote on the bill.
Thursday reported it made more money during the three months ending in June than it had in any quarter in its history, as yet another earnings record tumbled before the surging United States auto market.
PERUVIAN ARCHEOLOGICAL SITE YIELDS DAZZLING ARTIFACTS  (BC-SIPAN-TREASURES-525&ADD-NYT) A falling-out among thieves and a trail of looted treasure led in 1987 to one of the most spectacular archeological discoveries of this century: the glittering royal tombs of the Moche civilization, which dominated northern Peru from A.D. 100 to 800, centuries before the rise of the Inca Empire.
While Goldwater has made surprising pronouncements before, his current crusade is protection of gays and lesbians from job discrimination.
Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., to require high tariffs on military and certain state-produced goods from China drew heated controversy Thursday from proponents and opponents testifying before a House panel.
Pelosi, testifying before the Ways and Means subcommittee on trade, said her legislation is primarily aimed at the military, associated military companies and certain state enterprises, such as those that produce plastics and steel.
And if he hadn't gone out his way, someday he would have gone out their way -- dumped like Roger Neilson before him, like Davey Johnson, like Ray Handley.
Even before the reforms have been legislated, the pork is being proposed by the billions in hopes of winning votes for passage.
One person familiar with the company said the board could easily act before the next scheduled meeting, in September.
So to me `Black Beauty' had never been done before.'' After graduating from Harvard with a degree in English and classical literature, the Washington, D.C., native opted to move to Burbank, Calif., and start her writing career.
It is inspired by the extensive diaries of a Panhandle prostitute who counted some 6,000 customers before she died in the 1960s at the age of 51.
That compares to a year earlier: $232 million or 83 cents, on $1.37 billion in sales before the special charge was paid.
``It got me excited when I saw Reggie do that, really pumped me up,'' Don Mattingly said Thursday in front of his locker at Yankee Stadium before the Boston Red Sox game, his eyes bright with memory.
At his locker, at about 10:45 a.m., he waited for word from the players' union about a strike date, which seemed inevitable, since the owners the day before had rejected the players' union's counterproposals.
I have to look at the big picture, not just at the small picture, which is me.'' Mattingly, whose salary is $3.62 million this season, understands this: ``I'm in a fortunate position, all of us here are, and I know that we've got here because of the guys before us who fought for our rights.'' But even as late as a few years ago, when he was the player representative for the Yankees, he was not as committed as he might have been.
Told him he didn't have as good a year as the year before.'' The players' union, he said, has done a good job of keeping the players abreast of negotiations, as well as informing them of their history.
Cho stars in ``All American Girl,'' which ABC has scheduled in the ``can't-miss'' time slot of 7:30 p.m. Wednesday, just before top-rated ``Home Improvement.'' She plays a college student who lives at home with her younger brother, her traditional parents and an eccentric grandmother.
``But mainly it will give Channel 13 the financial cushion it has never had before.'' Baker said Channel 13 hoped to have the funds from the capital campaign in place in three years.
Cohan said he was to pay $95 million for the team (``'way over the market at the time I bought in'') but to remain a silent partner for two years before buying out his partners.
He provided facts and figures to back up the political advocates of the joint U.S.-Canada project, and he testified before Congress on the need for seaway, which opened for navigation on schedule in 1959.
He studied at the University of Chicago and New York University before graduating Phi Beta Kappa in geography from Northwestern University.
He worked as a land-use and zoning planner in Chicago and Philadelphia before he started his academic career.
Religious zealots began planting settlements in the West Bank under Labor, before Menachem Begin formed Israel's first Likud Government in 1977.
After taxes, GM averaged a profit of $650 on each vehicle it sold worldwide in the quarter, up from about $265 the year before.
The bad news was that last month, the Illinois Supreme Court upheld the judge's other finding: that the defense lawyer, David Sotomayor, should be fined and held in criminal contempt for ``conduct calculated to embarrass, hinder or obstruct a court in its administration of justice or to derogate from its authority or dignity.'' Sotomayor's offense, said the court, was that he had not let the judge in on the switch beforehand.
As Sotomayor tells it, the switch was not the result of a careful plot, but an inspiration over lunch just before the misdemeanor bench trial was to begin.
Friday, Belle appears before American League president Bobby Brown in his appeal of a 10-day suspension for allegedly using a bat stuffed with cork.
Carlos Baerga makes him laugh.'' Laughter should but doesn't come easily to a man who the day before the Indians begin a weekend series against the Yankees was hitting .353 with 32 home runs and a league-leading 93 runs batted in.
Then half an hour before the game I get ready.
Hours before another game, a reporter approached Belle at his locker and introduced himself.
In one instance where Belle might be right and not just paranoid, he believes White Sox personnel meddled with his bats at Comiskey Park last week the night before Gene Lamont, the team's manager, asked the umpires to check one.
He's not a guy who talks out of both sides of his mouth: `I'll talk to you, but I won't talk to you.' He doesn't talk to anybody, even his own teammates, before the game because he's so focused.
Just before that Belle had been suspended three games for intentionally throwing a ball at a fan and hitting him in the chest, the most famous of the mishaps that have characterized Belle's career.
In opening statements this week before Judge John E.
Among the complaints brought to the firm's attention, before Ms. Weeks's lawsuit, was one from by associate who said Greenstein tickled her feet beneath a library table and another by a temporary agency that said one of its receptionists refused to return to work because Greenstein invited her to share a hot tub.
A bill now before the Senate strikes a better balance.
``I know I've done this before, but I'm going to give Bobby another plug because I think he deserves it,'' Green said.
GIANTS' ROOKIE TURNING, AND SHAKING, HEADS FLORHAM PARK, N.J.  (BC-FBN-GIANTS-MAUMALANGA-NYT) Last week during a meeting with the team Coach Dan Reeves was telling players who had to do extra running that they had a choice when to do it: either before practice or after it.
Rats fitted with a lightweight multi-electrode array were placed in an enclosed box that they had been in before but that they did not know well.
To see if sleep played a role in their better memories, subjects were trained in the evening before they went to sleep.
They did as well as they had the night before.
But before they could meet, the elder Kim died.
``Once an airline has given up a market, it's difficult to get back in,'' he added, referring to United's once powerful position in some cities on the West Coast before it left them.
12, all that Clinton has told his aides is that the first family will go to the Massachusetts island of Martha's Vineyard probably for a few weeks before Labor Day.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON A TOUGH CRITIC OF D.C. AND ITS MAYOR WASHINGTON  (BC-DEECEE-NORTON-800&ADD-NYT) When Mayor Sharon Pratt Kelly defended her handling of the District of Columbia's finances before a House subcommittee this month, some of the toughest questioning came from an unexpected quarter: the representative of the District of Columbia, Eleanor Holmes Norton.
``I've never worked from a written speech before, so I just figure I'll work from notes.'' Murphy was studying petroleum engineering at Tulsa University when his brother Jack, the late newspaperman, guided him toward TV.
Selly Mntambo, now 63, remembers that the police came with a clamor of trucks a few hours before sunup one morning, rousted her and her nine children at gunpoint -- her husband was away on a dam-building crew -- and loaded them up, terrified children, humiliated grownups, and heaps of furniture.
Clinton, Attorney General Janet Reno and other officials appeared before more than 200 police officers from around the country Thursday morning at the Justice Department in what had been planned as a lobbying session for the crime bill.
Scrimmages are scheduled for before lunchtime and, in the afternoon, the various groups gather with their coaches to discuss strategy.
In Greenville, before a late night meeting with the old-timers, Virginia Brooks, welcomed the group into her living room, with the wall full of plaques honoring her husband, Owen, for his civil rights work.
Parents always worry when their children come South.'' Even with her arm in a sling for an injury at the telephone-equipment factory where she worked before she was hurt, Mrs.
We do have a common enemy: it's us.'' The history that they had been discussing for days had suddenly become real, there in Memphis where King had died a decade before Antoinette, Astride and Mariama were born.
This game is in trouble.'' Greenwell collected a unanimous vote to strike from his teammates Thursday at Yankee Stadium before taking part in an ominous noon conference call held by the players' union.
But this has happened before ...
``I would not be where I am financially if it weren't for guys before me,'' he said.
Testifying before the House Foreign Affairs Committee, he promised full cooperation between the intelligence services of several nations to track down those responsible and to prevent future attacks.
Tisch, who was a big investor in Macy before its troubles and played an unusual role in the bankruptcy maneuverings.
And waiting to step into the breach, was Federated, which had made the stunning announcement only weeks before that it wanted to merge with its archrival, Macy.
They had been secretly negotiating with Fidelity Investments, one of Macy's largest and most influential creditors, and the GE Capital Corp., which held two seats on Macy's board by virtue of the more than $90 million it had sunk into the company before the bankruptcy filing.
An hour before Vance was scheduled to meet with Lifland to discuss the mediation efforts, Miller and his assistants assembled at the offices of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, Vance's law firm, to seek a better return for his clients.
But just hours before the meeting, Thomas C.
A statement released late Thursday afternoon by District Attorney Gil Garcetti said that prosecutors needed ``further investigation'' before determining whether Cowlings, a lifelong friend of Simpson, should face criminal charges for being involved in the often-bizarre 60-mile-long cavalcade that finally ended at Simpson's home.
Defense lawyers had said before showing up that the division process, as proposed by a court, was highly unsatisfactory.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) In two court appearances this week before the trial judge, Lance A.
``Remember we got this (airlift) order on the 24th of July,'' he said in a talk to U.S. personnel at Germany's Rhein-Main Air Force Base a few hours before the McChord crew took off.
Asked whether there was enough time before Aug.
And with all these cops around, I doubt anyone will try anything.'' But the situation outside the Israeli Mission was far from calm in the hours before dawn on Tuesday when the FBI notified the New York City Police that a trusted informant had said that terrorists were planning to strike two targets in Manhattan: The Israeli Mission to the United Nations on Second Avenue between 42d and 43d Streets, and the Israeli Defense Mission on Third Avenue at 51st Street.
Only the day before, terrorists had exploded two bombs in London, one near the Israeli Embassy and the other outside the headquarters of the Joint Israel Appeal, a fund-raising organization, prompting Israeli officials to warn of an international campaign by radical Islamic groups opposed to Middle East peace efforts.
``There's still time,'' Kozyrev said in an interview before heading to Geneva for a weekend meeting of foreign ministers.
``There're still two days before we meet in Geneva.
Biden Jr., the Democratic chairman of the Judiciary Committee, called his colleagues at 5:30 a.m. to meet before the full conference was to resume at 8 Thursday morning.
A PARADE OF WHITEHOUSE OFFICIALS DENY WRONGDOING WASHINGTON  (BC-INQUIRE-WHITEWATER-500&ADD-NYT) A group of present and former White House officials paraded before the House committee investigating the Whitewater affair Thursday, several of them insisting that they did not press a senior Treasury Department official and friend of the president to remain involved in a politically sensitive investigation of an Arkansas savings and loan.
Nussbaum, the former White House counsel who spent much of the morning answering questions before the House Banking Committee about his role in Whitewater-related matters.
The secretary of state intelligence, Hugo Anzorreguy, told me later.'' In London, a spokesman for the Foreign Office said Britain had received ``no information out of Argentina before the bombing.'' He did not elaborate.
Eight days before the explosion, a man presented false documents to a used car dealer and purchased the van that was later converted into the truck bomb.
``Then the president sent me an invitation the day after his inauguration, and here I am.'' Kuchma, who won election on a pro-Russian platform, welcomed Camdessus even before meeting with Moscow or appointing his new administration.
National income fell 28 percent in the first half of this year from the year before.
Last year, he and two neighbors -- Joseph Deringer and Alexandra White -- went before the Berkeley zoning board and then the city council to protest a plan to convert a run-down motel into housing for the homeless.
In fact, the NAACP had been served with papers June 30 -- 10 days before the start of the convention -- informing Chavis and the organization that they were being sued on the ground of breaching the out-of-court settlement reached with Ms. Stansel.
At that meeting, which took place four weeks before the Fed raised its short-term interest rate target for the fourth time this year, Angell said he thought that 8 to 10 of the 12 regional Federal Reserve banks had asked the Fed's board of governors to raise the discount rate, as well.
Angell's estimate of sentiment within the Fed -- which he repeated before and after the April 19 meeting -- was sufficiently on the mark to prompt J.
The measure was a response to President Clinton's action on May 26 continuing China's low-tariff trade status, even though he said Beijing was still guilty of ``very serious human rights abuses.'' Earlier Pelosi testified before the panel's subcommittee on trade, saying her legislation was primarily aimed at the military, associated defense companies and certain state enterprises, such as those that produce plastics and steel.
Drucker, assistant treasurer of Xerox Corp., which has $5.3 billion in its pension plan, said she ``doesn't see the likelihood of a massive shift in how corporations approach this issue.'' Ms. Drucker said that most corporations lacked the staff to analyze many of the proxy proposals before them and that they were more inclined to sell shares of underperforming companies than to agitate for changes.
That was back before they discovered the virus, and before the central elements of Burke's spirited life broke free and spun out of control in ways nobody can adequately explain.
They're in the business of nonjudgmental compassion and small comforts, and nothing before or after has much meaning in that context.
They gave a party for Burke at the Pendulum, his favorite bar, after the Dodgers made the playoffs in 1977, and before he came out publicly.
Cutler, special counsel to the White House, in his daylong testimony before the House Banking Committee.
It was a theme repeated often by the 11 current and former White House officials who testified before the committee Thursday.
That was back before they discovered the virus, and before the central elements of Burke's spirited life broke free and spun out of control in ways nobody can adequately explain.
They're in the business of nonjudgmental compassion and small comforts, and nothing before or after has much meaning in that context.
They gave a party for Burke at the Pendulum, his favorite bar, after the Dodgers made the playoffs in 1977, and before he came out publicly.
As it had done with several other accounts, Temerlin McClain won the Subaru business without a traditional agency review, although the agency developed an advertising and communications strategy before the auto maker made its final decision.
WITH THE FUTURE UNCLEAR, AUTHORS OF PEACE PLAN SCRAMBLE TO SAVE IT PARIS  (BC-YUGOSLAVIA-ASSESS-NYT) After several months with virtually no movement in the Bosnian war, the prospect of major changes, none of them to the liking of the West, is propelling the foreign authors of a peace plan to scramble to save it before the dire scenario they envision can unfold.
With the Bosnian Serbs again tightening their siege of Sarajevo, Western officials see an increasing likelihood that NATO air power will be used against them, more sweepingly than before, leading to Serbian reprisals against U.N. troops and a subsequent withdrawal of some peacekeepers.
With a major battle between a joint Croatian-Muslim force and the Serbs in the Posavina area of northern Bosnia also looming, it is clear why the United States, Russia, France, Britain, and Germany are trying to revive their peace plan before their foreign ministers meet on Saturday to decide how to respond to the Serbs, who rejected the plan last week.
``All the planning has been done for a partial withdrawal to take place before any NATO air strikes,'' said one senior U.N. official.
BASEBALL STRIKE BYPRODUCT: 2 STRETCH DRIVES SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-STRIKE-COMMENT-SFCHRON) As the major league players set an August 12 strike date, we drew a mental picture of Giants owner Peter Magowan, watching his team beat the Dodgers at Candlestick before 55,000 people on a weekday afternoon.
First, the frantic days leading up to August 12, which theoretically could be the last baseball before the playoffs.
Meanwhile, a relative at the driver's home in Selden, N.Y., said that the tanker truck had been repaired two days before the accident, and she attributed the accident to the inadequacy of those repairs.
We're certain of that.'' A witness, who trailed the truck in the moments before the crash, provided fresh details on Thursday of its erratic path across the eastbound lanes of the Cross Westchester Expressway, also known as Route 287, where it plowed into an overpass in the northwest section of this city, causing the overpass to sag.
The GOP is not so reluctant and Bentsen, Altman and Hanson will all appear before the House and Senate Banking Committees next week.
While this intriguing baseball was being contested before 44,403 fans, who ignored fickle weather and dire predictions about trekking to the South Bronx, the reality of a strike struck players and fans like a Frank Thomas line drive in the face.
``It can be a happy day, too, because maybe it'll speed up the process and we can get on with it.'' The Yankees are scheduled to play 14 games before the strike date of Aug.
12, and they held a five-game lead over the Orioles before Baltimore's second game of a doubleheader last night.
``He was gone,'' said Daryl Boston, ``before I ate my cheeseburger.'' Polonia's misstep was important because Gallego, trying to keep his sweet day rolling longer, followed with a single off the reliever Scott Bankhead.
MORE TIME NEEDED ON COWLINGS CASE LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-KILLINGS-LADN) Prosecutors say they need more time before deciding whether Al Cowlings will be charged in the nationally televised June 17 slow-speed pursuit preceding his friend O.J. Simpson's arrest.
Even for the high-tech millionaires who own the club, losses of $50 million to $80 million before a new stadium begins to make a profit must give pause for profound chin-scratching.
The timetable was obvious even before the sad summer of 1994, and perhaps manageable for investors so wealthy.
Public sentiment that translates into political will must be strong before ownership commits to pay for most of the new stadium, and perhaps to help prop up the Kingdome.
It will generate a lot of stir in the scientific community.'' The pygmy mammoth is believed to be indigenous to the Channel Islands, and isolated bones have been discovered there before, Spears said.
As Agenbroad studies the skeleton, trying to determine such things as the mammoth's age before death and cause of death, Mead will sift around the sand dune for other mammals, plants, or creatures that could provide clues as to how the mammoth lived.
Tests turned up the DNA of the bacterium Legionnella, although not active traces of the bacteria, in water samples taken before the ship sailed from New York on July 16.
Clarity/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT7) NEW YORK -- July 28, 1994 -- SIPAN-TREASURES, 7-28 -- Artifacts culled from the glittering royal tombs of the Moche civilization that dominated northern Peru from A.D. 100 to 800, centuries before the rise of the Inca Empire, are on display at the American Museum of Natural History in Manhattan.
Clarity/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT7) NEW YORK -- July 28, 1994 -- SIPAN-TREASURES, 7-28 -- Artifacts culled from the glittering royal tombs of the Moche civilization that dominated northern Peru from A.D. 100 to 800, centuries before the rise of the Inca Empire, are on display at the American Museum of Natural History in Manhattan.
Clarity/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT7) NEW YORK -- July 28, 1994 -- SIPAN-TREASURES, 7-28 -- Artifacts culled from the glittering royal tombs of the Moche civilization that dominated northern Peru from A.D. 100 to 800, centuries before the rise of the Inca Empire, are on display at the American Museum of Natural History in Manhattan.
Clarity/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT7) NEW YORK -- July 28, 1994 -- SIPAN-TREASURES, 7-28 -- Artifacts culled from the glittering royal tombs of the Moche civilization that dominated northern Peru from A.D. 100 to 800, centuries before the rise of the Inca Empire, are on display at the American Museum of Natural History in Manhattan.
The Giants have just 12 games left before the proposed strike date; the Rockies have 13 and the Dodgers 13.
Just like Bill Swift did the night before, Burkett was nearly untouchable for seven innings, yielding just three hits and walking none.
It's pretty terrific stuff.'' Barwick said the society first stumbled on the artwork before the lawsuit, when it was looking into reused industrial buildings.
The Clippers took 75 days before they named a coach.
If they were sold on Fitch and his credentials, why wasn't he snapped up before the draft?
Why did they offer the job to Randy Pfund before Fitch?
Hemphill's appointment takes effect immediately, but he said that he has about three weeks of work with the Center for Church Growth before beginning his seminary schedule.
In fact, the NAACP had been served with papers June 30 -- 10 days before the start of the convention -- informing Chavis and the organization that they were being sued on the ground of breaching the out-of-court settlement reached with Ms. Stansel.
He successfully defended the middleweight crown six times before capturing the IBF super middleweight title from Iran Barkley by a ninth-round knockout in February of last year.
Ironically, the runner-up, Bon Point, is trained by Bobby Frankel, who was Bertrando's trainer before splitting with Nahem over the decision to breed him following bone-chip surgery.
The defense case was bolstered by testimony that the baby was sick before he lapsed into a coma June 15, 1990, and that Cummings had suggested to Majoy-Young that she take him to the doctor.
Matthew Cooley suffered a seizure and died three months before Young.
Although the Cooley case was not admitted into evidence, Mickelwait said he knew about the youngster's death because he had followed the Cummings case before he was seated on the jury.
``I guess the way I view it is the same way as before: That it is really important to be in first place every day,'' Claire said.
The only thing Claire knows is that his team has just 13 games left before the players are scheduled to walk off the job.
The Rockies (50-54) also have 13 left before Aug.
The Giants (49-54) have only 12 games before the strike -- three more each at home against Colorado and Cincinnati, and three-game road series in Houston and Chicago.
But if a settlement isn't reached before the scheduled start of playoffs Oct.
In fact, though, the NAACP had been served with papers on June 30 -- 10 days before the start of the convention -- informing Chavis and the organization that they were being sued on the ground of breaching the out-of-court settlement.
``He was a very private person who never complained about his health and always acted full of energy,'' said Paul Olden, the N.Y. Jets radio voice and Yankees cable TV play-by-play man who started his broadcasting career in L.A. gathering sound bites for KMPC before he became the Rams and UCLA play-by-play man for the station.
But a relative at the driver's home in Selden, N.Y., said that the tanker truck had been repaired two days before the accident, and she attributed the accident to the inadequacy of those repairs.
We're certain of that.'' A witness who trailed the truck in the moments before the crash provided fresh details on Thursday of its erratic path across the eastbound lanes of the Cross Westchester Expressway, also known as Route 287, where it plowed into an overpass in the northwest section of this city, causing the overpass to sag.
They had to go.'' James and cohorts had hijacked the shoes before the game, forcing Canseco to wear new ones.
But if we start winning, I don't want to see (people jumping on the bandwagon.) I just want to see our regular 15,000-20,000 fans every game.'' Other players aren't as harsh, saying the team has to prove it really is a contender before more fans will show up.
It is a tried and true baseball tradition: The gun has to be cocked and pointed before anything can get done.
``Both sides have to have something at risk before things get going.
The owners have claimed as many as 15 clubs will lose money in 1994, and that was before it was learned that they may well lose a third of the season.
Time to sit down and get to work before some moron spins the cylinder and pulls the trigger.
Playing each and every one of his 14 years in Dallas before a vertebrae injury mandated retirement, White ranks second on the Cowboys' all-time sack list with 111 and second on the club's all-time games played list with 209.
Leaders in the House and Senate are working day and night to meld the various versions of reform legislation passed by four different committees (two in each house) so that both sides can vote before the looming August recess.
Leaders in the House and Senate are working day and night to meld the various versions of reform legislation passed by four different committees (two in each house) so that both sides can vote before the looming August recess.
After a trip in late July, he is due back in the region in the first half of August and has made it clear that he has a personal stake in seeing a Syrian-Israeli pact before the end of the year.
Rabin, looking for something he can sell to his public before starting his campaign for Israel's 1996 election, has pressed through his American interlocutors for some public confirmation from Assad that he is offering a full peace at the end of the day.
The president has decreed that nobody can discuss the ``fruits of peace'' before there is peace, and Syrians, in their wisdom, do not disobey.
After a trip in late July, he is due back in the region in the first half of August and has made it clear that he has a personal stake in seeing a Syrian-Israeli pact before the end of the year.
Rabin, looking for something he can sell to his public before starting his campaign for Israel's 1996 election, has pressed through his American interlocutors for some public confirmation from Assad that he is offering a full peace at the end of the day.
The president has decreed that nobody can discuss the ``fruits of peace'' before there is peace, and Syrians, in their wisdom, do not disobey.
But by that time 500,000 people had already been slaughtered in Rwanda's massacres -- and Clinton's administration had taken months before it would even admit that genocide had occurred.
But by that time 500,000 people had already been slaughtered in Rwanda's massacres -- and Clinton's administration had taken months before it would even admit that genocide had occurred.
Rwanda, of course, is small (population maybe 8 million before the killings began).
Thus, in examples given by Paul Krugman, an American economist, all but one of the top 20 American carpet-makers are located in or near the town of Dalton, Ga.; and, before 1930, the American tire industry consisted almost entirely of the 100 or so firms carrying on that business in Akron, Ohio.
Rwanda, of course, is small (population maybe 8 million before the killings began).
Thus, in examples given by Paul Krugman, an American economist, all but one of the top 20 American carpet-makers are located in or near the town of Dalton, Ga.; and, before 1930, the American tire industry consisted almost entirely of the 100 or so firms carrying on that business in Akron, Ohio.
Parents are urged to learn more about the film before taking children.
He makes you wonder why no one's ever put them together in a movie before.
If wrappers become brittle before using, repeat process.
(Have the butcher do this, or slightly freeze the beef before slicing.) Discard outer leaves and upper half of lemon grass stalk.
``In parts of Africa, quite heavy, savory meals are eaten for breakfast before departing for work in the mornings,'' she says.
``If you have never cooked intuitively before, here's your chance,'' she says.
Quite possibly our modern American civilization has something to learn from the prisonless civilization of Native Americans before the invasion of European explorers and settlers.
The Tlingits require a ``balancing'' of rehabilitation for the criminal and assistance for the victim before the criminal can be accepted back into the tribe.
On the other side are environmentalists who believe property owners must put the common good before their personal desires.
It required federal agencies to evaluate the ``takings implications'' of a proposed regulation before acting.
How can you chose sides when both parties would prefer to hold their breath until they turn Dodger blue before admitting they're part of the reason why the game is slowly swirling down the porcelain convenience?
On the other hand, Hillary Rodham Clinton keeps saying that the Clinton plan not only wouldn't reduce our choice of doctors but would actually give us more choice than ever before.
Astoundingly, this hadn't occurred to anyone before.
This calls for legislation that won't come up for approval by Switzerland's federal parliament before early 1995.
13, only to get one-upped when the players targeted the day before to walk off the job.
Leaders in the House and Senate are working day and night to meld the various versions of reform legislation passed by four different committees (two in each house) so that both sides can vote before the looming August recess.
Leaders in the House and Senate are working day and night to meld the various versions of reform legislation passed by four different committees (two in each house) so that both sides can vote before the looming August recess.
After a trip in late July, he is due back in the region in the first half of August and has made it clear that he has a personal stake in seeing a Syrian-Israeli pact before the end of the year.
Rabin, looking for something he can sell to his public before starting his campaign for Israel's 1996 election, has pressed through his American interlocutors for some public confirmation from Assad that he is offering a full peace at the end of the day.
The president has decreed that nobody can discuss the ``fruits of peace'' before there is peace, and Syrians, in their wisdom, do not disobey.
After a trip in late July, he is due back in the region in the first half of August and has made it clear that he has a personal stake in seeing a Syrian-Israeli pact before the end of the year.
Rabin, looking for something he can sell to his public before starting his campaign for Israel's 1996 election, has pressed through his American interlocutors for some public confirmation from Assad that he is offering a full peace at the end of the day.
The president has decreed that nobody can discuss the ``fruits of peace'' before there is peace, and Syrians, in their wisdom, do not disobey.
But by that time 500,000 people had already been slaughtered in Rwanda's massacres -- and Clinton's administration had taken months before it would even admit that genocide had occurred.
But by that time 500,000 people had already been slaughtered in Rwanda's massacres -- and Clinton's administration had taken months before it would even admit that genocide had occurred.
Rwanda, of course, is small (population maybe 8 million before the killings began).
Thus, in examples given by Paul Krugman, an American economist, all but one of the top 20 American carpet-makers are located in or near the town of Dalton, Ga.; and, before 1930, the American tire industry consisted almost entirely of the 100 or so firms carrying on that business in Akron, Ohio.
Rwanda, of course, is small (population maybe 8 million before the killings began).
Thus, in examples given by Paul Krugman, an American economist, all but one of the top 20 American carpet-makers are located in or near the town of Dalton, Ga.; and, before 1930, the American tire industry consisted almost entirely of the 100 or so firms carrying on that business in Akron, Ohio.
Long before the days of political correctitude cartoons were teaching children the difference between right and wrong, and that bad things sometimes happen to good people.
Long before the days of political correctitude cartoons were teaching children the difference between right and wrong, and that bad things sometimes happen to good people.
I have visited Moose on the Vineyard five or six times before, but this year was particularly special.
Astoundingly, this hadn't occurred to anyone before.
This calls for legislation that won't come up for approval by Switzerland's federal parliament before early 1995.
He is Nice - with a capital ``N.'' When duty calls him away before he can finish lunch in a diner, he finds himself with enough cash to pay for his and his partner's coffee, but not enough for the waitress, Yvonne, who is played by fatally cute Bridget Fonda.
Norton's Unformat program can recover accidentally formatted drives, and Unerase can restore files that have been erased -- provided the mistake is caught quickly before more files are stored on the disk.
They contain programs that can be used to test the storage of disk drives and take preventative action before things go bad.
Respected journals are peer-reviewed -- that means every paper is submitted to outside experts for criticism before it is accepted.
A few miles before the hospital 10 people died this morning -- from cholera, dysentery and simple exhaustion.
	A spokeswoman for the Reserve Bank of India at Bombay, the country's commercial capital, said that, 20 banks, the balance them Indian-controlled, have been ordered to respond to the proposed fines before Aug.
It was known that if you needed to use the bathroom, you did so before you came, as Big Doe didn't want anyone walking through the kids' bedroom.
The Little Rock Doe's, housed in a long building that dates to the 1800s and has been several restaurants before, is more conventional: One long, narrow dining room in front, a bar, a saunalike kitchen behind that, a second dining room (used by Clinton for two presidential fund-raisers) and a fenced-in garden out back.
Riverboat gambling has come to many Mississippi River cities, and Greenville is no exception: Two such casinos have opened locally since September, and the difference in crowds before and after, Signa says, ``is already eight or nine on a scale of 10.
CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS GROWS IN SIZE AND INFLUENCE WASHINGTON  (BC-BLACK-CAUCUS-$ADV01-COX) Jacket off and two aides in tow, House Majority Leader Dick Gephardt slipped behind the closed door to gauge support for a compromise health care reform bill before yet another skeptical audience.
A day before the health care lunch with Gephardt, caucus members were at the White House settling differences over a comprehensive crime bill.
(Knopf, $22) Gates was born in 1950, four years before the Brown vs.
I want Skippy, was all I heard Linda say, before the whole auditorium erupted in surprise and nervous laughter.
``But it did seem that people were walking back and forth through Carskadon's field a lot more times than they normally did, storing up memories to last until the day when somebody, somehow, would figure out a way to trick the paper mill into sponsoring this thing again.'' ``Colored People'' is really about the passing of an era and about a man whose life has been molded by the before and the after.
When Cedric refused to testify before the House Un-American Activities Committee, the government clapped him in jail and began proceedings to deport him as an undesirable alien.
Once conventional folk gave up the jacket and tie in favor of the polo shirt, it was only a matter of time before fashion rediscovered the quaint pleasure of dressing up for leisure.
Not realizing the size of Inverewe, and having lingered over the early sections, we found ourselves dashing from the Azalea Dell to the Japanese garden to the Bambooselem and the Wet Valley, trying to cover most of it before continuing down the coast.
In 1960, Sirimavo Bandaranaike of Sri Lanka became the first woman in the world to be a prime minister, and Indira Gandhi served more than a decade in two periods as India's prime minister before she was assassinated in 1984.
Now, before you start thinking that Burns will be dancing in the street fantasizing about his ratings, remember that his documentary will appear on Public Broadcasting Service, which doesn't sell advertising and couldn't care less about ratings.
So, there was a George Steinbrenner before George Steinbrenner, a Dwight Gooden before Dwight Gooden, and a Pete Rose before Pete Rose.
The plan, he said, is to create the language of the bill and present it to the House Rules Committee next week and have it ready for a floor vote in the House before Congress breaks August 12.
Foley bristled at the suggestion that members might prefer he wait until after the Senate decides if it will support employer mandates before asking House Democrats to support the idea.
To be sure, Clinton, like Reagan before him, has tried to contain the political damage from inquiries into the Whitewater affair.
White House counsel Lloyd Cutler, the first administration official to testify before a Whitewater hearing last week, rated the Whitewater affair as a ``one or two'' on the Washington scandal meter, with 10 reserved for Watergate.
 (BC-BARBAKOW-PROFILE-ART-2NDTAKE-$ADV31-NYT) ``A negotiation is not a reason to raise his blood pressure,'' added David Dennis, a colleague at Merrill Lynch and Donaldson Lufkin Jenrette, where Barbakow worked briefly before joining National Medical.
He had never ridden before.
The judge's three-year investigation revealed, among other things, that: Pelat and his associates, acting on a tip from the French finance ministry then headed by Beregovoy, reaped more than $1 million profit by buying shares in American National Can Corporation just before the U.S. firm was taken over by Pechiney, a state-owned steel company here.
If some degree of trust is required before such a hefty investment is made, Joy Spiegel offers reassurance.
``The Democrats should check their facts before they make allegations.'' The Wisconsin Democratic Party accused GOPAC of breaking state law on Thursday after newspaper articles identified Sheboygan businessmen Terry Kohler and Philip M.
That was why officials took ``a very careful look at the security issues before we proceed on the Kigali airfield.'' 
White House officials hope that happens over the next several weeks, before crops now awaiting harvest spoil in the fields.
Allsman, in fact, was shot four days after his capture and a month before McNeil lined up the 10 prisoners.
That's basically the same thing that happened with Windows NT.'' Unfortunately for IBM, it appears that many customers at least want to see what Microsoft delivers in Chicago -- and when it delivers it -- before they commit to anything else.
Kelly, a former utility company executive with little political experience before her election in 1990, is ``well-intentioned and sincere'' but ``in way over her head,'' Barry said in assessing his opponents.
The court will hold a public investiture in late September, before the new term opens on Oct.
One of the few spontaneous moments occurred just before the vote, after Sen.
His parents emigrated from Italy, moving to Barre, Vt., before his birth.
I want her to be able to turn on the radio and hear Americans phone in from all over the country to ask if she can't be destroyed before she destroys America.
When Altman testifies Tuesday before that panel, he will be testifying to senators who already have a score to settle with him.
As acting head of the Resolution Trust Corp., the semi-independent agency that was investigating Clinton's Whitewater real estate venture, Altman made a possibly fateful misstep when he appeared before the Banking Committee last Feb.
Phil Gramm, R-Texas: ``We now know that when Roger Altman testified before this committee, he did not tell us the truth.'' Under fire from the outside, Altman is also fighting a rear-guard action from the Clinton team.
``Liberals and conservatives alike have recognized the merit of Judge Breyer's careful, pragmatic approach,'' Mitchell said moments before the Senate took the confirmation vote.
Senate Republicans have been demanding time to study the measure before debate, and he agreed in the hope that this would make the ensuing debate less bitter.
``Sometimes you go through what you said before.
	Ms. Hiatt, 57, a professor of homiletics and pastoral theology, said that she did her parish work before she was ordained, working as an assistant in a Presbyterian parish in Minnesota.
O'Brien needed to run 4:40.92 or better, and he had done that five times before.
More conservative watchers of Buffets already were on guard about the company's projections: When management spoke enthusiastically to a gathering of investors about their expansion plan June 22, they neglected to reveal that the executive in charge of the expansion had died the night before.
Inflation in the second quarter is estimated at 3.2 percent a year, or twice what it was in the third quarter of 1993, before the surge in growth that surprised everyone and helped send the bond market into a panic.
A few miles before the hospital, 10 people died Friday morning -- from cholera, dysentery and exhaustion.
	But there the comedian was at the American Museum of Natural History in New York on Thursday evening, expounding on the sturgeon and other matters before 200 scientists who had gathered for two days of scholarly deliberations on how to halt the global decline of the giant fish.
He was also bailed out by Amex's mileage program, which started just before he took over and which increased spending per card.
``Even early in its walk, we'll be seeing new things and going into new territory we've not experienced before.'' If successful, scientists say, the Dante mission will not only give volcanology a valuable, new tool, but will also prove the concept of using robots to explore places too hazardous for humans.
Consumers part with $60 a month for Rogaine before shelling out for the doctor's visit.
-- Only three weeks to go before the Mexican elections -- and a likely victory for governing party candidate Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon.
-- Only three weeks to go before the Mexican elections -- and a likely victory for governing party candidate Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon.
Democrats in the House have been imploring their leaders to force the Senate to vote on the controversial employer requirements before the House has to act.
The heaviest gear must then be trucked through Kenya and Uganda and into Kigali and Goma before the trench-digging and other construction can begin.
They said the most damaging effect of the collapse could be to turn people away from free enterprise permanently, before they have had time to learn the meaning of risk and reward.
``As a result unscrupulous businessmen were able to use the opportunities that opened up before them.'' 
The U.S. embassy estimates that about 3,000 Americans remain in Haiti, less than half the number who were living here before the economic sanctions were imposed.
Those who want to opt out should fill in the bottom portion of the legal notice and send it back before Sept.
``The United States must do more,'' Clinton declared at the White House shortly before the Pentagon announced the deployment, which had been expected for several days.
And the leaders of Operation Rescue National and the Pro-Life Action League said Friday that they had argued with Hill, before, during and after the Chicago meeting, that the killing of doctors who perform abortions is not justifiable.
But while many anti-abortion leaders sought Friday to portray Hill as a lone extremist, with no following, it had been apparent even before the Chicago meeting that Hill had some significant support.
And he no doubt wanted to get his licks on the record before the results of an inquiry come out this week.
And when the MMM pyramid collapsed, investors acted like jilted lovers, camping on the company's grounds to be among the first to sell their shares, and saying things like ``They promised everything.'' -0- When the American auto industry was down a decade ago, Japan had no qualms about kicking it some more, dangling all those good, cheap Hondas and Toyotas before car buyers.
``It's a good shade, isn't it?'' Welsh, who had never before worn lipstick, said with a laugh backstage before heading down the runway.
At that time, he acknowledged that the White House and Treasury officials had discussed an investigation into Madison Guarantee Savings & Loan, a failed Arkansas savings and loan owned by the Clintons' partner in Whitewater Development Co. Altman, who did not attend the hearing, issued a statement Friday evening, saying he expected to answer the attacks when he appeared before the Senate committee Tuesday.
In the opening statements of both Republicans and Democrats, it was clear that the larger focus of the Senate hearings will be on Altman, who is to appear before the committee Tuesday.
Under Republican questioning before the Senate Banking Committee on Feb.
Phil Gramm, R-Texas: ``We now know that when Roger Altman testified before this committee, that he did not tell us the truth concerning the number of contacts between the RTC and the White House.
``Mr. Altman looks forward to appearing before the committee next week and testifying and he is confident that after his testimony, the committee will be satisfied,'' Schloss said.
19, as his defense lawyers accused prosecutors of not aggressively pursuing and sharing leads that might clear him before the trial.
Both sides may find themselves pressed to be fully prepared for trial by then, especially since it will be weeks before test results are back on crucial blood samples from the crime scene.
During Friday's hearing, held in Superior Court before Judge Ito, who will eventually try the case, both sides said they were receiving hundreds of calls and letters from people purporting to have leads in the twin slayings.
Peter King, D-N.Y., with whom she had tangled the night before over whether he had been rude in questioning a female White House aide.
The outburst had its roots in events the night before, when King was questioning Hillary Rodham Clinton's chief of staff, Margaret Williams, during the Banking Committee's hearing on the Whitewater affair.
With women still outnumbered, outvoted and in large measure outsiders in a body still overwhelmingly dominated by men, the question of the treatment of a female witness conjured images of Anita Hill, another black woman who sat before a mostly white male panel.
O'Sullivan, an economist at J.P. Morgan, said that he reduced his estimate Friday of third quarter growth to 3 percent from 4 percent because he expected retailers to draw down their stocks now before ordering more goods.
And they must do this at precisely the time when the competition among wireless communications is rougher than ever before.
Iraq was producing an estimated 3.3 million barrels a day before the war.
That would give it oil revenues comparable to those it reaped before the war, assuming oil prices remain unchanged.
Until Friday, they had been debating whether the next increase in rates would come on or before Aug.16.
``The market has heard it all before,'' said Duncan Smith, a mangaging director at Lebenthal & Co., when asked about the impact of recent warnings that the city might not collect some revenues it expects or fail to control spending.
Even if a conference of senators and representatives produces a compromise bill in the coming weeks, the administration faces a difficult fight to win House and Senate approval of the legislation this year, particularly with health care legislation consuming more and more time and attention before Congress adjourns in mid-October.
A day after the nine bowls made their presentations, Gene Corrigan, the Atlantic Coast Conference commissioner who serves as the alliance chairman, said Friday that the commissioners would consult with member schools before coming to a decision, perhaps late next week.
The younger Cardenas served as PRI governor of his home state of Michoacan in the 1980s before leading other disaffected leaders out of the ruling party in 1987 to make his own bid for the presidency.
``It looks like he is coming up to where he was (before the debate),'' political analyst Federico Estevez said of Cardenas.
Other department officials said they would almost certainly follow the federal practice of allowing the state authorities to seek charges against the suspect before deciding whether to invoke federal laws, like the recently enacted statute making it a crime for protesters to interfere with people entering abortion clinics.
But it was not known, he added, whether the truck and its cargo had become unlocked before or during the accident.
Ghiorsi, the safety board official in charge of the investigation, said those repairs were not the same as repairs that Ryder Systems said it made two days before the accident; a spokesman for Ryder said Thursday that a part in the truck's drive shaft, which controls the wheels, was replaced on Monday at a Ryder garage in Yonkers.
Fitzgerald wanted to learn Portuguese before going to sing in Brazil.
 (BC-TIMES-SQUARE-DISNEY-2NDTAKE-NYT) Friday's deadline for submissions on the hotel project came three days before another critical deadline in the Times Square project.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) The article described him as ``ostentatiously clean-cut,'' with straw-blond hair and an orangy tan, ``like a Peace Corps worker circa 1963 in his sky-blue shirt and blue slacks and aviator-style glasses,'' carrying a sign asking: ``How old does a child have to be before you defend her with force?'' The article quoted Hill as saying he would not kill anyone, but was only an advocate for force to prevent abortion.
It's up to the individual to make his own contribution.''' Junod, in an interview Friday, spoke of a strange sense of having written of the people and events of a fatal drama long before it came to pass.
``I don't care much for the man, to tell you the truth,'' announced Ciesla, 46, an electrician who seemed eager to play the role of grinch amid the celebrations in Hillside a few days before Rizzuto is finally to be admitted to the Baseball Hall of Fame.
Things are here before they are anywhere else.'' But he knows he can't be here for too long a stretch, so he plans to visit his Utah spread soon, perhaps to plan his dude ranch, perhaps just to ponder his poetry.
He briefly taught at Rutgers as an instructor before joining the Seton Hall faculty in 1960 as an assistant professor.
Included among those items to be turned over are radio calls and police reports of prowlers or burglaries for the six months before the killings; a computer match of all unidentified fingerprints found at the crime scene; and police reports of ``similar'' unsolved murders in Los Angeles County over the past year.
During his first days, he shook up many of the department's longtime employees by upbraiding the force before reporters, saying, ``For the first time in a generation, this organization is going to get serious about dealing with crime.'' In appearances before City Council committees, he bemoaned past recruitment policies that failed to bring more blacks into the department and said he was embarrassed that scores of officers on the force were so corrupt that they were like criminals with badges.
``Nothing is final until the defendant is sentenced as a matter of law.'' Alan Trachtman, the lawyer for Murphy, said his client had never before been convicted of a crime.
2, the fire accelerated across the Santa Monica Mountains to the sea at Malibu, destroying more than 320 homes and blackening 18,500 acres before it was fully contained six days later.
Later, the plumbing contractor, Robert Blakeley, came forward and testified before the Los Angeles County grand jury in May, confirming at least that portion of the story.
During stretching exercises before the Thursday practice linebacker Derrick Thomas called the roll of the defensive linemen.
In the interest of fostering goodwill, I think the NFL should have given the people of Spain a few more extra years of peace after the death of Francisco Franco before it sent over Al Davis.
During the meet, maintenance of the racing surface goes on every morning, before every race, and every evening.
The Mets' 6-foot-4-inch right-hander battled early control problems before retiring 9 of the Pirates' last 12.
Franco was sharp again in relief, striking out King and Midre Cummings before getting Lance Parrish to fly out to center field to end the game.
He does not know if the New York Yankees will stash him at Class AAA Columbus a day or two before the strike to keep him pitching.
Tocchet responded with a career-high 48 goals and 61 assists the next season before slumping to 14 goals and just 40 points in 51 injury-marred games in 1993-94.
The year before, he established an NHL record for a left winger with 63 goals en route to a career-high 125 points.
X-rays showed a small bone chip in the jockey's right hip, but doctors said it was probably there before the fall, said agent Harry Hacek.
``I don't even know what that guy sold.'' LOOKING ON: Although he threw a no-hitter in high school ``before any of you were born,'' Rangers pitching coach Claude Osteen's best memories of perfect games were when he watched.
``I don't remember ever really being close.'' A FIRST FOR ROGERS: Rogers, who played in the outfield in high school and was signed by the Rangers based on arm strength, said he never came close to pitching a no-hitter before Thursday.
``I didn't pitch in high school or college, so I didn't have much experience at trying to throw a no-hitter or a perfect game,'' Rogers said between four television tapings and a radio show before last night's game.
It was a tremendous effort.'' PRO OR NOTHING: Pitcher Kevin Brown said if he tossed a no-hitter before starting his professional career in 1986, he doesn't remember the event.
Referee Richard Steele counted him out to end the fight -- for the vacant World Boxing Organization title -- 39 seconds into the second round before 8,011 spectators.
There was no way he was getting up before referee Joe Cortez reached the count of 10 with only 15 seconds remaining in the fight.
That has often been the case before.
They exercised their Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination and demanded immunity before they would testify in the Iran-contra hearings.
``The Palestinians understood that when they went to Oslo for secret talks and so did the Egyptians long before, as do the Moroccans, Tunisians, Qataris, Omanis and others in the Arab world now.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
The company enjoyed dizzying success -- shares rose from $1 in February to $50 in mid-July -- before rumors of the imminent collapse of a share-selling pyramid scheme caused thousands to panic and try to get their money back.
``He ordered the ad just before summer, when nobody buys furs,'' Gusev said of his client.
But before this can be done, a deal must be worked out under which Ms. Nasrin answers the government's criminal charge that she defamed the Muslim faith.
Breyer, confirmed to the Supreme Court last week, being pressed by senators before satisfying them of his acceptance of the constitutionality of executions.
In a more perfect world, one might expect special care would be given the very young, who potentially have the fullest lives before them.
ABC, CBS, NBC, Fox and 11 cable networks responded by agreeing to air parental advisories before broadcasting their most violent programs, then participated in an unprecedented industrywide meeting on violence in the Los Angeles-area city of Beverly Hills.
``For the first time, this will give us the lay of the land: what kind of violence is on, when it's on, and what type of violence is problematic,'' said Donnerstein, co-author of a widely quoted 1992 study that estimated a typical child will watch 8,000 murders before finishing elementary school.
ABC, CBS, NBC, Fox and 11 cable networks responded by agreeing to air parental advisories before broadcasting their most violent programs, then participated in an unprecedented industrywide meeting on violence in the Los Angeles-area city of Beverly Hills.
``For the first time, this will give us the lay of the land: what kind of violence is on, when it's on, and what type of violence is problematic,'' said Donnerstein, co-author of a widely quoted 1992 study that estimated a typical child will watch 8,000 murders before finishing elementary school.
WSPA has a long way to go before dancing bears are a thing of the past.
WSPA has a long way to go before dancing bears are a thing of the past.
Hastily outfitted for war, the Spanish merchant galleon sailed from Manila Bay before dawn Dec.
He posted his stirring account to King Philip III -- apparently before any of his detractors could send their own accounts.
(PLANK) Planking from the ill-fated Spanish galleon San Diego is traced and measured before being returned to the bottom of the South China Sea, buried in sand with the rest of the wreckage.
Hastily outfitted for war, the Spanish merchant galleon sailed from Manila Bay before dawn Dec.
He posted his stirring account to King Philip III -- apparently before any of his detractors could send their own accounts.
(PLANK) Planking from the ill-fated Spanish galleon San Diego is traced and measured before being returned to the bottom of the South China Sea, buried in sand with the rest of the wreckage.
The kits include rub-on transfers with designs outlined in black that you paint in and enjoy for about five days before they wear off.
But it may be another century or two before technology catches up to the robots of such futuristic fare as ``The Terminator,'' ``Robocop'' and ``Star Trek.'' The state of robotics moves at a snail's pace in comparison to the image projected by the entertainment world.
``What's frustrating is that you may be long gone before your theories are realized.
While none of the robots entered by nine student teams came close to completing the task, USC was declared the winner because its robot flew toward the first ring and hovered in strong winds for a full 20 seconds before landing with an unceremonious thud.
Lewis named three main problems to be tackled before a cyborg or android will walk the Earth: -- Developing actuators -- possibly out of motors, magnetic relays or hydraulic cylinders -- similar to human muscles.
But it was gathering dust for a full six months before NBC -- obviously spurred by Simpson coverage -- decided to schedule it while things remained hot.
His father and brother were killed by a drunk driver a few months before Harley was born, and this same tragedy, which led his mother to cease speaking, has made the young man feel a large black emptiness in his soul.
His life, in fact, is filled with the existence of people and dreams that lived or took place before his birth.
``The thing to do is call me before you move,'' Twicken said.
``It's something I've done before, so it's not very difficult,'' Ford said, speaking in the soft, deliberate manner he typically adopts when answering reporters' questions.
Ryan doesn't appear, or get into action, except in the last 150 pages, and when you've got Harrison Ford, you can't have him show up in the last 40-odd minutes of the film.'' In fact, Ford is well-known for showing up long before the camera rolls.
The main purpose of this music is to let people have a good time.'' It was only a matter of time before Connick would decide to pay tribute to some of the world's most infectious and uninhibited street noise.
``I never released an album of New Orleans-style music before because I wanted to concentrate on doing music that challenged me artistically,'' he said.
CONTROVERSY FADES ON TV VIOLENCE LOS ANGELES  (BC-TVCOLUMN-RICHMOND-LADN) To underscore just how overblown last summer's debate over television violence turned out to be, consider the fate of two of the more violent -- albeit markedly different -- shows, ``NYPD Blue'' and ``Mighty Morphin Power Rangers.'' ``NYPD Blue,'' which was blasted before its debut for its bare buttocks, brazen language and bloody corpses, was nominated after its first season for a record 26 Emmy awards.
Following criticism that television shows were responsible for increased violence in society, network programming chiefs flew to Washington, D.C., to testify before Congress about their prime-time schedules -- ironically, among their tamest since the 1970s.
``It's pretty shocking,'' he said, ``to think that there are people out there in a position to legislate what we do who haven't even taken a cursory glance at what our product is.'' Yet, even Littlefield admits that the debate prompted networks to be ``more attuned to what we put on the air than ever before.'' This could be one of the reasons for a decided lack of potential carnage in the network slates for this fall.
Even before your singed palate has a chance to recover, you tell yourself, ``Never again.'' Curiously, though, you're probably not entirely done with the experience.
But Jeff Bagwell of the Houston Astros is the easy winner because he is having a monstrous season (.366, 35 home runs, 104 runs batted in before yesterday) and is the primary reason the Astros are fighting for first place in the National League Central.
But the last day before the strike date would be Day 21.
On their 28-day tour, the Astros compiled a 12-14 record, giving them a better winning percentage (.462) than they had compiled before the journey (.449).
President Saddam Hussein began a crash reconstruction program that soon restored the country's damaged infrastructure, using secret cash reserves, huge stocks of spare parts built up before the war and goods looted from Kuwait at the start of the war.
They were up at Yankee Stadium on Saturday, both teams trying to get an edge in their respective divisions, before the strike deadline of Aug.
I've been a newspaper reporter so long that I know it doesn't really count until negotiators for both sides put on clean suits and go into major discussions half an hour before the deadline.
What did he do before he wound up on his buddy's payroll?
Kelly, president of the Goodwill Games Inc., said they expected to sell 75 percent of the 600,000 tickets before closing ceremonies on Aug.
Jorge Mate, 23, routinely circles the block around his condominium at least once before parking on the street.
Pedro Rossello, was shot to death shortly before midnight during a car theft in front of his home in San Juan's affluent Condado section as he returned from seeing his girlfriend.
In a series of bombings of bridges the week before last, guerrillas cut off the eastern region of Casanare, the site of large oil wells operated by companies like British Petroleum.
The army bore the brunt of public criticism the week before last when rebel groups temporarily took over small villages just outside Bogota.
In one incident, according to news reports and witnesses, guerrillas sealed off a main road, looted three banks, had drinks and left before a truck of army troops, caught in a traffic jam, was able to arrive.
Look at it another and you see a Potemkin Village South, more impressive than ever before, but a place where old inequities are now cloaked in new forms.
Long before anyone came up with the term Sun Belt, the South's low wages and non-union environment lured businesses and its warm weather, low living costs and relaxed pace attracted migrants.
It is Ralph Ellison, grandson of slaves and the author of ``Invisible Man,'' saying shortly before his death this year, ``You can't be Southern without being black, and you can't be a black Southerner without being white.'' It is Alex Haley, the author of ``Roots,'' saying a few years back, ``I don't know anything I treasure more as a writer than being a Southerner.'' It's John Hope Franklin, the great black historian, now at Duke University, talking at a conference this year about ``our beloved South'' as the nation's best hope for racial progress.
But the night before the ceremony on June 14, Cummings added a passage admonishing his fellow black students to take education seriously.
He hated the idea of making his grand entrance before Paez.
Meola is here because the Jets want longer, higher kickoffs than ever before.
Pick beans before they get too tough, and don't let the zucchini and eggplants get too big.
Taken at face value, the week's hearings, before a House Ways and Means subcommittee, suggests that he faces an uphill battle.
But I think there is more in common than these hearings would suggest.'' While that is a plausible assessment, few participants are predicting that a bill will pass before Congress adjourns this fall.
``I don't think that David Ellwood would have gone before a group of senior citizens and said that Social Security is a big check-writing machine,'' he said.
As King Hussein remembers it now, he looked across at Yitzhak Rabin and said to himself, ``You know, Yitzhak, you and I have been at this a long time.'' The king of Jordan and the prime minister of Israel had met before, in secret places and often in disguise.
The king agreed to take small but meaningful steps toward normal diplomatic relations, to move toward direct, high-level public contacts and to begin work on a formal peace treaty; Rabin agreed to discuss Jordan's territorial and water claims even before the signing of a formal peace.
Clinton referred from memory to a letter from the king delivered the night before that requested help in eight specific areas, and he listed precise ways the United States could meet them, including an expansion of agricultural assistance and risk insurance for private investment, Export-Import Bank financing for purchases of Boeing aircraft and military equipment from surplus stocks.
The Americans did not get an official copy of what would be called the Washington Declaration until 11 p.m. Sunday, just 12 hours before the ceremony.
As King Hussein remembers it now, he looked across at Yitzhak Rabin and said to himself, ``You know, Yitzhak, you and I have been at this a long time.'' The king of Jordan and the prime minister of Israel had met before, in secret places and often in disguise.
The king agreed to take small but meaningful steps toward normal diplomatic relations, to move toward direct, high-level public contacts and to begin work on a formal peace treaty; Rabin agreed to discuss Jordan's territorial and water claims even before the signing of a formal peace.
Clinton referred from memory to a letter from the king delivered the night before that requested help in eight specific areas, and he listed precise ways the United States could meet them, including an expansion of agricultural assistance and risk insurance for private investment, Export-Import Bank financing for purchases of Boeing aircraft and military equipment from surplus stocks.
The Americans did not get an official copy of what would be called the Washington Declaration until 11 p.m. Sunday, just 12 hours before the ceremony.
``To replicate the program before we have a sense of its success is to invite disaster.'' But Dowling says the foster care system is broken and must be fixed sooner rather than later, even as the state carefully monitors its growing-managed care experiment.
Over the weekend before the Monday morning blast, it was parked at a public lot across the street from the Hospital de Clinicas, two blocks from the bombing site.
(Last year, only six turf races were switched all season.) And except for the stormy weather, the biggest local news of the season was made when Marylou Whitney lost an emerald from her pendant outside the Canfield Casino before her annual ball on Friday night, and it was found and returned to her this morning.
``I think we'll have good numbers before we're done.
But by the end of the meet, we'll find out how we did, and I think we'll do all right.'' Jerry McKeon, president of the NYRA, said before the Saratoga season opened: ``Last year's numbers were overwhelming.
But for both 3-year-old stars, Sunday's races will serve as final tests before they meet on the same track: at Saratoga on Aug.
``They say it's bad for your health.'' Saturday morning, having made their ritual 180-mile drive from St. Louis the night before, the Treppler's -- John, his wife, Jane, Christopher, 12, and Stephie, 9 -- were on the water.
Making the starting lineup at any race has become so tough that the King himself, Richard Petty, has had to beat a not-so-regal retreat before 6 of the 18 races so far this year because his driver, Wally Dallenbach, was too slow to qualify.
At the orphanage here, nurses and doctors agreed with the new U.N. approach of coaxing refugees to leave the squalid camp before settling into an unbearable existence.
But as a quarterback, there were doubts, too, like him too often just throwing the ball wild.'' George has heard this before.
He hears it again and he shrugs before saying: ``I just like to be myself.
He is expected one day to help take them and himself where they have never been before.
Jerry Potts, said investigators were also interviewing associates of Hill in an effort to chronicle his movements before the shootings.
Father and son left the water and walked down the beach before wading in behind the successful angler.
``The drum always beats before the dance.'' Supporters of Aristide say the United States has made too many empty threats to frighten Haitian army leader Raoul Cedras.
They hoped their appearance would provide a spritz of excitement for a final push for some version of a health care plan to be passed this year, as both the Senate and the House prepare to take up bills before summer recess.
Nelson performed his old favorites like ``Whiskey River'' and ``Mama Don't Let Your Babies Grow Up to Be Cowboys'' before the president spoke.
The conundrum is at the heart of the collision of the two men's lives outside the Pensacola Ladies Center, where the police say Hill fired at least three shots from a .12-gauge shotgun just before Britton was to go inside and perform his regular Friday rounds at the abortion clinic.
The Senate bill sets no requirement before 2000, but if the Senate target isn't met in that year, there would automatically be a 50-50 split of the premiums between employees and employers.
MANY NEW YORKERS CONVINCED RAIL LINK TO AIRPORTS WILL NEVER BE BUILT NEW YORK  (BC-NY-AIRPORT-RAILLINK-675&ADDS-NYT) Standing before a plastic model of the sleek automated train the Port Authority plans to run from Manhattan to the airports in Queens, an elderly woman took one look during a public hearing last week and turned away.
Trains would move above ground just before the Queensboro Bridge, and would cross the East River on the lower outer roadways of the bridge.
Lugging his luggage at Pier 88 in Manhattan shortly before 2 p.m. Saturday, Patrick O'Reilly, 47, of Huntington, N.Y., said, ``My wife works for a doctor in the Bronx, and he seemed to think that if the CDC cleared it, it's safer than the ships that haven't been tested yet.'' Gerry Wisniewski, 43, of Lynbrook, N.Y., was boarding with his wife, Amy, and two children.
Tests turned up the DNA of the bacterium Legionnella, although not active traces of the bacteria, in water samples taken before the ship sailed from New York on July 16.
EDITORIAL: MORE WHITE HOUSE DAMAGE CONTROL  (BC-EDIT-WHITEWATER-HEARING-NYT) The New York Times said in an editorial Sunday, July 31, 1994: Last week's Whitewater hearings before the House Banking Committee numbed the senses.
He then practiced as a dentist in Louisville before earning his medical degree at the University of Vermont.
``A cooperative project like this (involving five government agencies) has never been done before,'' Stet Schanze, an assistant city manager, told Kirchner-Purtell residents Thursday night.
``It just hasn't happened before.'' Officials have yet to set a price on how much the study will cost.
And she never had that before she moved down here.''' .MDNM/He had urged his mother to live across the street from him so he could be of more help to her as she aged.
``But we have faced tough times and made tough decisions before.
Monday -- after six more years of legal wrangling over the dismissal -- the retrial of Eric Jackson, now Jackson-Knight, is finally to begin, coincidentally a day before the 16th anniversary of the fatal blaze in the Sheepshead Bay Waldbaum's supermarket.
The district attorney's office has since consistently maintained that the detective did not give prosecutors that opinion before or during the 1980 trial.
A spokeswoman for Sullivan's firm, Sullivan & Liapakis, Ilene Merdinger, said widows of the firefighters whom she reached said they did not want to be interviewed about the retrial, which will be before Justice Gerald J.
Irv MacDougal, who had ridden up from Daytona, Fla., was proceeding on to Boston before meeting his son in Peoria, Ill., and touring out to Colorado with him.
``Harry Truman would say the buck stops here, the buck stops in Congress and the buck stops with you.'' The president and the first lady timed their visit to meet one of the Health Security Express bus caravans that are crossing the country to drum up support for health reform before arriving in Washington on Aug.
``They ought to support someone instead of tear them down.'' Starting about two hours before the speeches and lasting until Clinton whizzed away behind his motorcycle escort, the protesters chanted.
But they had others for Hillary Rodham Clinton (``Socialized medicine makes me sick'') and Gore (``Rush is right.'') Country music icon Willie Nelson did not escape abuse as he warmed up the crowd beforehand.
The conundrum is at the heart of the collision of the two men's lives outside the Pensacola Ladies Center, where the police say Hill fired at least three shots from a 12-gauge shotgun just before Britton was to go inside and perform his regular Friday rounds at the abortion clinic.
In the interest of fostering goodwill, I think the NFL should have given the people of Spain a few more extra years of peace after the death of Francisco Franco before it sent over Al Davis.
With 12 games left before the strike showdown, the Yankees lead the second-place Orioles by seven and a half games.
I played a lot of amateur golf, and I had a lot of fun doing it.'' Trevino, who had an up and down round on a hot sunny day before a gallery of about 20,000, knows a lot about Sigel.
- TRUMAN'S PRIVATE OFFICE: Zobrist took his guests to the private library office Truman used before his death.
The modernistic painting, in striking greens and yellows, was his last portrait before the assassination.
She had to take a year and a half of general studies at Columbia University before entering its medical school, the College of Physicians and Surgeons, her husband's alma mater.
A strike may have been unthinkable to most fans even before the 1981 strike ruptured the season.
Imperial House opened as an unregulated rental in 1961, eight years before the imposition of rent stabilization for postwar multifamily housing in New York City.
The dispute erupted after a driver bumped into Sanchez's car with his vehicle shortly before 9 p.m. on Friday in front of 2075 Walton Avenue in University Heights, the sergeant said.
Perhaps it was bad timing to build just before the Depression, or bad strategy to throw another few thousand seats into a sea of velvet, but in the 1930s the theater closed on at least one occasion, and in 1936 The New York Times reported that the Brooklyn Paramount had lost $1.5 million since its opening.
The longer tests should be used, at day-care centers, schools and in individual homes, before any decisions are made about installing ventilating systems or taking other steps to lower radon levels, said Gerald P.
Although many had sailed on big boats before, few had ever been part of a women's team, and never a women's maxi-yacht crew.
During the final seconds before the start -- a high intensity time on any boat -- the makings for disaster came in like a squall.
There has been less friction of any camp.'' Needless to say -- and it's easy to say before a shot has been fired -- Switzer has presented the exact picture Jones drew in March.
Peete is set as the No.2 quarterback and might be in the game before the end of the first quarter.
Peete is set as the No.2 quarterback and might be in the game before the end of the first quarter.
The Rangers led Oakland by one-half game going into the last day before the strike and were playing Milwaukee.
Martin could have been referring to the .533-mile Bristol International Raceway or the .526-mile Martinsville Speedway, short-track ``bull rings'' where the winning car usually is flogged to dents before taking the checkered flag.
For safety purposes, the surface was replaced with 3.2 million paving bricks before Dec.18 of that year.
He lost seven games in a row to Chang before his strokes started flowing as smoothly as -- we haven't exhausted our Netherlands references -- a cold Amstel Light.
``I was a baseliner before,'' he explained, ``and because people attacked my backhand, the only thing I could do was try to attack them before they attacked me.
There's just a rhythm that you develop by being out there a lot.'' Hershiser was at the stadium four hours before game time Saturday in order to get treatment for his side and put in a light pitching workout.
He lost seven games in a row to Chang before his strokes started flowing as smoothly as -- we haven't exhausted our Netherlands references -- a cold Amstel Light.
``I was a baseliner before,'' he explained, ``and because people attacked my backhand, the only thing I could do was try to attack them before they attacked me.
They don't know what's up.'' The steady stream of Clipper rips from Wilkins, which began before the season ended when his contract demand of $18-21 million over three years wasn't met, flows on.
With a 6-1 victory Saturday night before 50,880 fans at Dodger Stadium, the Dodgers defeated the Astros for the seventh time in eight meetings this year.
With a 6-1 victory Saturday night before 50,880 fans at Dodger Stadium, the Dodgers defeated the Astros for the seventh time in eight meetings this year.
We're going into these last 13 games (before the players association's walkout date) feeling that it doesn't matter who we play against.'' Center fielder Brett Butler said, ``It's just the opposite of us and Montreal (a team that has won nine of 12 from the Dodgers).
``The Palestinians understood that when they went to Oslo for secret talks and so did the Egyptians long before, as do the Moroccans, Tunisians, Qataris, Omanis and others in the Arab world now.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
The company enjoyed dizzying success -- shares rose from $1 in February to $50 in mid-July -- before rumors of the imminent collapse of a share-selling pyramid scheme caused thousands to panic and try to get their money back.
``He ordered the ad just before summer, when nobody buys furs,'' Gusev said of his client.
Breyer, confirmed to the Supreme Court last week, being pressed by senators before satisfying them of his acceptance of the constitutionality of executions.
In a more perfect world, one might expect special care would be given the very young, who potentially have the fullest lives before them.
Look at it another and you see a Potemkin Village South, more impressive than ever before, but a place where old inequities are now cloaked in new forms.
Long before anyone came up with the term Sun Belt, the South's low wages and non-union environment lured businesses and its warm weather, low living costs and relaxed pace attracted migrants.
It is Ralph Ellison, grandson of slaves and the author of ``Invisible Man,'' saying shortly before his death this year, ``You can't be Southern without being black, and you can't be a black Southerner without being white.'' It is Alex Haley, the author of ``Roots,'' saying a few years back, ``I don't know anything I treasure more as a writer than being a Southerner.'' It's John Hope Franklin, the great black historian, now at Duke University, talking at a conference this year about ``our beloved South'' as the nation's best hope for racial progress.
``They say it's bad for your health.'' Saturday morning, having made their ritual 180-mile drive from St. Louis the night before, the Treppler's -- John, his wife, Jane, Christopher, 12, and Stephie, 9 -- were on the water.
Father and son left the water and walked down the beach before wading in behind the successful angler.
That has often been the case before.
They exercised their Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination and demanded immunity before they would testify in the Iran-contra hearings.
But before this can be done, a deal must be worked out under which Ms. Nasrin answers the government's criminal charge that she defamed the Muslim faith.
``It's a good shade, isn't it?'' Welsh, who had never before worn lipstick, said with a laugh backstage before heading down the runway.
	Just before he kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
Hoffman believes the field is narrowing because younger people who organize tours for the disabled initially find it difficult and ``are afraid,'' and then quit ``before they find out it isn't so bad as it appears.'' Although most tours that accommodate wheelchair users from the United States are relatively expensive, this is not a field for those seeking big profits quickly.
Are there suddenly two unscripted minutes to go before a commercial?
But Silva Herzog said it was necessary to do something before the very attributes that attract tourists were lost.
Just before shutting down, the line had added flights to Birmingham and Mobile, Ala.
During construction, scheduled to be finished in October, officials advise travelers to arrive at the airport at least an hour before their flight.
Stephane Audran, playing a Frenchwoman who was once a famous chef, provides an unforgettable screen meal, graphically prepared before our eyes.
By contrast, ``The Judas Tree,'' the last ballet MacMillan completed before his death in 1992, offered a muddled and fragmented tale of brutality and death on a London construction site.
 (BC-KISS-OF-THE-SPIDER-WOMAN-2NDTAKE-$ADV31-NYT) One thing, though, is sure: she has a way to go before she becomes a world-beater of a dancer.
The team has never before written anything to match ``Dear One,'' Act I's lovely, oddball love quartet sung by Molina, his adoring mother (Merle Louise), Valentin and Valentin's upper-class mistress, Marta (Kirsti Carnahan).
But it's a matter of weeks, now.'' Steinhoff, with his charts and graphs spread before him like irrefutable allies, seems almost to welcome the potential Gotterdammerung, or at least the radical restructuring, of his theater.
His people are high-powered talkers, remarking sometimes on the nature of this odd transaction they actually engaged in during a taping session before you came: ``We can say that we are virtual or real, really artificial or artificially virtual; gibberish all of it, I think.
The Peppers' recordings contained a greater variety of texture and formal interest than anything that had appeared beforehand in jazz.
Yet before we dance on Lenin's tomb and do handsprings on Schoenberg's, we need to ask what all these new freedoms gain for us, if they exist at all.
``He's tried using young associates before, and it hasn't worked out.
They still have plenty of time to set up a partnership and perhaps a buyout before Falcone retires.
A former teacher, he said he was discharged from a variety of sales positions before settling upon his current career as a publisher.
What's more, the camp ``teaches you how to work in a team with people you never met before and how to make decisions that could affect your life,'' she said.
Once conventional folk gave up the jacket and tie in favor of the polo shirt, it was only a matter of time before fashion rediscovered the quaint pleasure of dressing up for leisure.
Not realizing the size of Inverewe, and having lingered over the early sections, we found ourselves dashing from the Azalea Dell to the Japanese garden to the Bambooselem and the Wet Valley, trying to cover most of it before continuing down the coast.
 (BC-BARBAKOW-PROFILE-ART-2NDTAKE-$ADV31-NYT) ``A negotiation is not a reason to raise his blood pressure,'' added David Dennis, a colleague at Merrill Lynch and Donaldson Lufkin Jenrette, where Barbakow worked briefly before joining National Medical.
He had never ridden before.
That's basically the same thing that happened with Windows NT.'' Unfortunately for IBM, it appears that many customers at least want to see what Microsoft delivers in Chicago -- and when it delivers it -- before they commit to anything else.
More conservative watchers of Buffets already were on guard about the company's projections: When management spoke enthusiastically to a gathering of investors about their expansion plan June 22, they neglected to reveal that the executive in charge of the expansion had died the night before.
He was also bailed out by Amex's mileage program, which started just before he took over and which increased spending per card.
WSPA has a long way to go before dancing bears are a thing of the past.
WSPA has a long way to go before dancing bears are a thing of the past.
Hastily outfitted for war, the Spanish merchant galleon sailed from Manila Bay before dawn Dec.
He posted his stirring account to King Philip III -- apparently before any of his detractors could send their own accounts.
(PLANK) Planking from the ill-fated Spanish galleon San Diego is traced and measured before being returned to the bottom of the South China Sea, buried in sand with the rest of the wreckage.
Hastily outfitted for war, the Spanish merchant galleon sailed from Manila Bay before dawn Dec.
He posted his stirring account to King Philip III -- apparently before any of his detractors could send their own accounts.
(PLANK) Planking from the ill-fated Spanish galleon San Diego is traced and measured before being returned to the bottom of the South China Sea, buried in sand with the rest of the wreckage.
	Just before he kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
CONGRESS TO QUESTION HANSON, BENTSEN, HIS STAFF ABOUT WHITEWATER WASHINGTON  (BC-WHITEWATER-HANSON-750(2Takes)-TEX) Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen and his senior staff will be in the spotlight this week as they appear before Congress to explain their inconsistent accounts of controversial meetings between the Treasury Department and White House officials about the Whitewater affair.
They indicated that they believe the assistant secretary was deliberately misleading when he testified before them in February about contacts between the White House and the Treasury Department involving a sensitive investigation.
Jim Leach, R-Iowa, said Bentsen's action compromised the independence of the inspector general, but a Treasury spokesman said the transcripts were ``given to Cutler for his eyes only.'' Cutler cited the continuing review during his testimony last week before the House Banking Committee as evidence of no administration wrongdoing.
First up Monday before the Senate Banking Committee will be Jean Hanson, the Treasury's general counsel.
According to Hanson, she briefed Bentsen the day before and the day after a Feb.
``I think Roger Altman bears a heavy burden of trying to explain to us all these inconsistencies between what he said on February the 24th and what he has done and said and what others have done and said before and after that date,'' Gramm said.
It may be introduced before the deadline of midnight Wednesday by House Minority Leader Bob Michel of Illinois and House Minority Whip Newt Gingrich of Georgia in addition to or as a substitute for the bipartisan plan.
There are many things I could do before a camera that I can't do before my family.
It may be introduced before the deadline of midnight Wednesday by House Minority Leader Bob Michel of Illinois and House Minority Whip Newt Gingrich of Georgia in addition to or as a substitute for the bipartisan plan.
But even those fortunate enough to snag the highfliers often find themselves in something of a quandary: Should they sell the shares before the deal is completed and, if so, when?
The offer price on average has been 53 percent higher than the stock's trading price the day before the announcement, up from 36 percent last year, according to the Securities Data Co. So the stock price of the target company tends to run up immediately after the announcement, though not always to the amount of the bid, reflecting the possibility that the deal might not be completed.
The danger, of course, is that the merger will collapse for any of a host of reasons, perhaps sending the stock below its price before the offer.
How could anyone imagine such things before they started?'' ``There is no question that the orders came from the highest level,'' said Popovic, who is now out of the former Yugoslavia.
But Western diplomats have found little evidence of attacks on Serbs before the war began.
Mehmedovic said, she survived seven more weeks in Vlasenica, before being forced onto a bus on July 18 and taken to a village near the Muslim-held town of Kladanj, about 20 miles to the west.
He, too, was arrested and taken to the Susica camp on June 2, where he remained for a month before being taken to Batkovic camp near Bijeljina and ultimately exchanged for Serbian prisoners of war.
In his July 20 written testimony before the Senate Banking Committee, Greenspan acknowledged that accumulating inventories could signal a weakening economy.
``An excited, happy, or much relieved cat may ambush and pounce upon whatever triggers its pleasure -- something worth considering before getting a large cat all worked up.'' What is most surprising of all about her portrait is that contrary to Rudyard Kipling, cats do not really walk by themselves, waving their wild tails in the wet wild woods, but in fact are highly social.
``All of this has broken a little bit my scheme of life,'' the 55-year-old Avendano said in an interview a week before the accident.
His name will remain on the ballot, although he is not likely to be able to resume campaigning before Aug.
``The PRD did me a real favor when they named their candidates,'' Robledo said in an interview before the crash.
In the interview before the crash, Avendano said he expected his strongest support to come from San Cristobal and the Zapatista area.
The study, ``News Watch: A Critical Look at Coverage of People of Color,'' concluded that ``the mainstream news media's coverage of people of color is riddled with old stereotypes, offensive terminology, biased reporting and a myopic interpretation of American society.'' But when it came to examples, the report showed that journalism judgments today may be affected more by subtleties than ever before.
That is a line of business in which Cigna, like Aetna, was a leader in the years before 1986, when the industry changed its coverage to eliminate most claims for environmental damages.
Years before, in 1947, Professor Hodgkin was elected a fellow of the Royal Society for her analysis of penicillin.
In the last review sessions, they wanted to acknowledge Baghdad's constructive behavior, while rightly demanding that Iraq formally acknowledge Kuwait's sovereignty and borders before they vote to lift oil sanctions.
There ought to be a law, or minimum standard before licenses are granted to home video camera operators.
Cool in pans 10 minutes, turn out onto wire racks and cool before serving.
The resolution authorizing the U.S. action contains no date or deadline for carrying out any such invasion, unlike the resolution adopted before the U.S.-led action that drove Iraq's invasion forces out of Kuwait.
But even before the meeting, several Israeli officials signaled that they held little hope, largely because they felt that Mubarak exercised little influence with the Syrian president.
Wilson said negative feelings against blacks were so strong it would take a ``complete breakdown'' of public transportation in Cobb before the county's whites would increase ties to Atlanta.
``They may have before, but they're hiding now.'' In theory, if the warning time were sufficient, a comet or asteroid found to be on a collision course with Earth could be diverted by a nuclear-armed rocket detonated nearby.
Thus, warning might be possible for only a year or so before a comet's headlong crash into Earth.
Last December, the colt broke loose in the stable area at Santa Anita and trampled Jeff Lukas, the trainer's 36-year-old son and deputy, who lay in a coma for weeks before beginning a gradual recovery.
In all, he went two and a half years without winning a Grade One stakes, before none other than Tabasco Cat won the Preakness and the Belmont.
Now, they say, the rationale is the need to get into an emerging market before the Japanese or Germans do.
Perhaps Steiner went before a grand jury to disavow what he wrote.
George, accessible and forthright as always, tells me ``I do not remember saying that'' and will take that position before the Senate.
Barry was a longtime civil rights worker before he was first elected mayor, in 1978, and he still draws strong support from many of the same groups he served after he arrived in Washington in 1965: middle- and lower-income blacks, especially the elderly, the young, the unemployed and others who feel a sense of alienation from the system.
``People are beginning to examine what I would do as mayor,'' he said before a brief ceremony last week with a handful of police officers endorsing him.
But, again, this was before they went 5-1, and in doing so threw off notions that this club lacks character.
I actually should have hit one the pitch before, but I fouled it off.'' Juan Castillo is the 11th starter in the Mets' rotation this season, and he pitched decently through six and two-thirds innings.
Giving one half of the territory to the Bosnian Serb republic and the other half to the Muslim-Croat federation cannot be called `anti-Serb.''' The Bosnian Serbs' leadership, which is strongly under the influence of ultranationalist military commanders loath to abandon their dream for the creation of a greater Serbian state, has been at odds with Milosevic since before the Serbs began the war in Bosnia in April 1992.
Ms. Hanson, 45, is one of dozens of government officials called to testify before House and Senate hearings this week into the administration's handling of the Whitewater investigation.
Pitt works at Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver and Jacobson, where Ms. Hanson was a New York partner before joining the administration in 1993.
-- oh, yes, Carlton said that he didn't talk to the news media because he needed to focus on pitching and couldn't be distracted, something Rizzuto never minded, and after about 20 minutes of his 30-minute confabulation, Rizzuto said that if his voice held up -- it was getting hoarse, and he was also embarked on combat with a few flies at the podium -- that he could talk for a long time and if anybody wanted to leave they could, and Yogi Berra and Johnny Bench, laughing like everyone else, got up and started to walk out, and Rizzuto explained, ``They took so many balls in the mask.'' Someone in the crowd asked whose birthday it was, and Rizzuto, looking natty in his blue blazer and silver hair, mentioned Ruby Sabattino, ``who is getting along in age,'' he said, ``and was a little under the weather and couldn't make it up to Cooperstown and, oh, the cannolis, the cannolis came last night -- a day without cannolis is like a day without sunshine!'' And then he said that this was the last part, and he had written something down and adjusted his glasses and said he can't read it and doesn't want to start crying, though he knows it's OK in a situation like this -- just before him was the actress Laraine Day accepting for her late husband Durocher, often a bad actor on the ball field, and beside her their son, Chris, who broke down when he said it was unfortunate that his dad couldn't be here for this honor but felt ``my father stands here with us because he got time off today for good behavior.'' Rizzuto was able to read now, gravel-voiced and emotional, and said: ``I had the most wonderful lifetime any man can possibly have.
It may be introduced before the deadline of midnight Wednesday by House Minority Leader Bob Michel of Illinois and House Minority Whip Newt Gingrich of Georgia in addition to or as a substitute for the bipartisan plan.
Mitchell of Maine is warning them that ``if this effort goes down, it's going to be a long time before any American president takes this issue on again.'' Mitchell dismissed as insincere appeals by Sen.
But his bill would not require employers to help pay for their workers' health insurance before 2002, and only then if the subsidies and insurance law changes have not brought the share of Americans with health insurance to 95 percent from the current 85 percent.
``If this effort goes down, it's going to be a long time before any American president takes this issue on the way this president has.'' 
Cutler, appeared before the House banking committee last week to open the Whitewater hearings, he said the Office of Government Ethics had given him an ``informal opinion'' that no standards had been violated.
Even before it was issued, the report was criticized by some Republican lawmakers because it was based on an investigation by the Inspector General's Office at the Treasury Department that was done jointly with the White House.
In other federal departments, the inspector general offices seek to keep a distance from politics, but Treasury's inspector general shared many investigative findings with Cutler before Treasury made the report public.
``His judgment is superb; the situation requires a `cut your losses' strategy; tells me how he did that during the `Breakfast Club' imbroglio; talked about Nixon's incredible failure to cut his losses; about the press getting `too invested' in a situation and dedicating itself to bringing someone down.'' Bentsen, who has tried to portray himself as above the Whitewater fray, had originally sought Sunday's report and had urged that it be completed before he and other Treasury officials appeared on Capitol Hill.
Sweet payback, some might say, for a fielder who had been robbed in kind by the Indians' center fielder the night before.
About the biggest noise the Indians made before scoring in the ninth was Murray's loud squawking over a third strike called by Jim McKean in the seventh.
The Yankees were grateful when he only delivered a run on a sacrifice fly -- minimal damage, all things considered -- in what turned out to be his last at-bat before the start of a six-day suspension because cork was found in one of his bats.
Shapiro asserted instead that Simpson demonstrated in the months before the killings that although he was sorely tried by his former wife's relationships with other men, he reacted only verbally and with ``great, great control and great restraint.'' ``Any lesser man probably would have done something a lot more serious than talk,'' Shapiro said in an interview.
Evidence about a defendant's conduct before a crime can be a hotly disputed issue in trials; its admissibility generally depends on how long ago the conduct in question occurred and how it bears on motive and intent.
The general outlines of Ms. Shively's potentially crucial testimony and subsequent admission were known before release of the transcript.
She was recalled before the 20 members of the grand jury, and one of the lead prosecutors, Marcia Clark, then told the panel: ``I must ask you to completely disregard the statements given and the testimony given by Jill Shively in this case.
``The first thing people will think of is, `Oh, Pensacola, that's where the abortion shootings happen.''' A conservative, Navy-oriented city but hardly the most Bible-thumping place in the South, Pensacola was the site of the first known murder of a doctor, David Gunn, by an anti-abortion protester, 16 months ago, and before that was the scene of at least two serious bombings of clinics.
But Trevino got a big edge Sunday before the third and final round of the $650,000 Northville Long Island Classic began when a stroke was deducted from the score of Jay Sigel, who had been tied for the lead with Trevino.
But that changed this morning when the tour's tournament director, Brian Henning, after discussing the incident with Sigel, told him about a half-hour before he teed off that under the rules, a one-shot penalty had to be assessed.
To that end, the hospital has eased overcrowding, is training staff members in ways to curtail agitation before it turns to violence, has begun to reward patients for good behavior, and has started a daily review of any use of seclusion and restraint.
Under the state proposals, all patients would be searched for dangerous objects before being placed in seclusion and would be watched constantly by a staff member.
In better days, before IBM in nearby Kingston, N.Y., began laying off workers 16 months ago, Saugerties was a bedroom community, as Drescher describes it.
	``People believe in the United Nations more than before,'' he continued.
When first post rolled around at 1 o'clock, the rain had stopped but the Monmouth strip was nevertheless labeled muddy, before being upgraded to good before the second race and fast for the Haskell.
After the disappointment of the Derby, Croll decided to skip the Preakness and the Belmont, instead pointing his star 3-year-old for the Haskell at his home track, a race the Hall of Fame nominee had won twice before: in 1969 with Al Hattab, and in 1987 when he saddled Bet Twice to victory.
In 1928, the great French Musketeer, Henri Cochet, was scheduled to play at 11 a.m. Details differ depending on the storyteller, but Cochet is supposed to have said, ``My apologies, but I never play a match before lunch.'' Tournament honcho Perry Jones turned to the qualifier who had been scheduled to play Cochet and said, ``Son, you are defaulted.
Stoltenberg moved from No.47 in the world to No.33 by reaching the final in Washington, D.C., the week before (he lost to Stefan Edberg).
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) The Tabernacle of Love began eight years ago with Ireland, who was trained as an engineer before becoming a minister, his wife and six other adults.
Perhaps Steiner went before a grand jury to disavow what he wrote.
George, accessible and forthright as always, tells me ``I do not remember saying that'' and will take that position before the Senate.
The defendant, Mohammed Ismail Abequa, was given nothing that resembled a Miranda warning informing him of his rights before he confessed to Jordanian authorities that he had strangled his wife last month at her apartment in Parsippany-Troy Hills, N.J., and then fled with their two children to Jordan.
Should he stand trial, his case would be heard not before a jury, but by three judges, only two of whom must agree on a verdict.
``I was taking a breather.'' He lay on the ground for a few minutes before rising .
To borrow a label given by cynics to the old AT&T monopoly before it was broken up: ``We don't care, because we don't have to.'' Now, if the major leagues had competition for the baseball dollar, the fans' interests would be important.
GIANTS SET PRECEDENT WITH AIDS BENEFIT  (BC-CURE-CURE-SFCHRON) ``A dream has been realized today,'' Giants managing partner Peter Magowan told the crowd of almost 50,000 people before the start of the afternoon game between the Giants and the Colorado Rockies.
``People from all walks of life have joined their favorite sports team for a cause much greater than baseball.'' Just before Magowan spoke, more than 700 volunteers dressed in red T-shirts formed a huge human AIDS ribbon, filling center field.
GIANTS SET PRECEDENT WITH AIDS BENEFIT  (BC-CURE-CURE-SFCHRON) ``A dream has been realized today,'' Giants managing partner Peter Magowan told the crowd of almost 50,000 people before the start of the afternoon game between the Giants and the Colorado Rockies.
``People from all walks of life have joined their favorite sports team for a cause much greater than baseball.'' Just before Magowan spoke, more than 700 volunteers dressed in red T-shirts formed a huge human AIDS ribbon, filling center field.
Asked about Hanson's statements that she briefed him before and after a Feb.
Bentsen also defended himself against criticism that he improperly transmitted the interviews done for the ethics office to White House counsel Lloyd Cutler before the report was done.
In what amounted to a preview of his testimony Wednesday before the Senate, Bentsen cited the ethic office's findings that top Treasury Department officials were aboveboard in their contacts with the White House.
DeVore, 55, was the assistant treasury secretary of public affairs from January 1993 until October before retiring and returning to Texas.
Reached at his Austin home yesterday, DeVore said, ``I was doing my job in the way I felt it should have been done and I'd do it again.'' DeVore will testify before the Senate panel Tuesday.
Klassy Kim was favored before she reared in the gate, scraped herself, and was scratched.
