OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) An example would be a police corps proposed in the bill, a program that would provide partial college scholarships for students who agreed to serve as law-enforcement officers after graduation.
Ten days after the bombing, streets around the bombed area rang on Thursday with hammers as masons repaired structural damage and glaziers installed new windows in shops, many of which were open for business for the first time in days.
Indeed Bernstein vehemently denied it under oath in 1953 and soon after that, the bureau acknowledged finding no communist ties.
The file shows that on one occasion, after Bernstein held a controversial fund raiser for the radical Panther group at his Manhattan apartment in 1970, the FBI went beyond intelligence-gathering and schemed to undermine him with damaging news leaks.
If it sounded like a nice liberal cause, he would lend his name to it, and the FBI found that alarming.'' Long after the uproar over the Bernsteins' fund-raising party for the Black Panthers, she recalled, the family learned from FBI files that emerged during a court case that some protesters outside their apartment, who identified themselves as being from the Jewish Defense League, were actually FBI agents.
The fund's managing director, Michel Camdessus, announced ``the beginning of something important and positive for Ukraine'' after meeting on Wednesday with President Leonid Kuchma, who took office on July 18.
Vice President Al Gore has also accepted an invitation to visit Kiev next Tuesday after a visit to Poland to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Warsaw uprising.
Camdessus said after his talks on Wednesday that he was ``impressed with the determination of the president and the prime minister,'' adding that Kuchma had drafted a ``document which really touches upon the key issues.'' Camdessus made his first visit to Kiev to keep a promise made to Kuchma last spring in Washington.
``Then the president sent me an invitation the day after his inauguration, and here I am.'' Kuchma, who won election on a pro-Russian platform, welcomed Camdessus even before meeting with Moscow or appointing his new administration.
Ms. Hairston said that after a rescheduled interview, Chavis received word ``that they were not impressed, that she did not have the skills and would not get the position.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
Chavis brought her into the organization that month as an administrative assistant, but she was let go after a few weeks.
In September 1992, Mexico and the Vatican resumed formal relations after 128 years of official separation.
The week so far has reflected the confusion in the financial markets after last week's testimony by Alan Greenspan, chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, who expressed concern about the economy without being explicit about what the Fed would do about it.
The dollar's lift had an immediate effect on bonds, which essentially returned to Monday's price levels after a sharp drop Wednesday.
The inquiry comes on the heels of an internal Fed investigation that found no evidence of wrongdoing and after calls for further scrutiny of Angell from Rep.
Angell's estimate of sentiment within the Fed -- which he repeated before and after the April 19 meeting -- was sufficiently on the mark to prompt J.
They're in the business of nonjudgmental compassion and small comforts, and nothing before or after has much meaning in that context.
They gave a party for Burke at the Pendulum, his favorite bar, after the Dodgers made the playoffs in 1977, and before he came out publicly.
And shortly after that, he was out of baseball, at age 27.
What was left after was charred and hollow.
``They weren't very nice to him at all after that.
Many have died, the first wave of AIDS sufferers, those who discovered its existence after it was too late.
They're in the business of nonjudgmental compassion and small comforts, and nothing before or after has much meaning in that context.
They gave a party for Burke at the Pendulum, his favorite bar, after the Dodgers made the playoffs in 1977, and before he came out publicly.
And shortly after that, he was out of baseball, at age 27.
What was left after was charred and hollow.
``They weren't very nice to him at all after that.
Many have died, the first wave of AIDS sufferers, those who discovered its existence after it was too late.
The autopsy report, however, answered only one of many questions still lingering after the blinding explosion that killed the driver, left 23 people injured, damaged homes on both sides of the Cross Westchester Expressway, and created a traffic nightmare during the morning rush hour.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) At the scene of the accident, the expressway's six lanes were reopened late Wednesday night after workers shored up the column on the overpass that the propane tanker had slammed into.
30, the day after the White House conversation, said, ``I have spoken with the Secretary and also with Bernie Nussbaum and Cliff Sloan.'' Sloan is an associate White House counsel who also met with Hanson on the criminal referrals.
	As part of the reorganization, Harry Koenig, AC&R's vice chairman and chief operating officer, announced his decision to leave the agency after 26 years.
Cowlings was arrested on suspicion of aiding a fleeing felony suspect after he drove his Ford Bronco with Simpson in the back seat -- reportedly with a gun to his head -- on a 60-mile slow-speed pursuit with police.
The public schools, he said, should be open ``to members of the public, period.'' School officials said that no women had contacted them after the meeting to complain about being excluded.
If all goes well, the baseball season will end after games of Aug.
Mead traveled to see the pygmy mammoth immediately after it was discovered, and will return Aug.
Various animals evolved into pygmies after migrating to islands where they were forced to limit their eating habits, thus and therefore their size, Mead said.
SHIP SUSPECTED IN LEGIONNAIRES' DISEASE GOING BACK INTO SERVICE  (BC-LEGIONNAIRES-DISEASE-NYT) The cruise ship Horizon, suspected as the source in at least seven cases of Legionnaires' disease, is going back into service after extensive cleaning, its owners said Thursday.
The ship was given a clean bill of health after extensive decontamination efforts, said Bob Howard, a spokesman for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta.
Four days later, after the ship reached Bermuda, she was abruptly pulled out of service and the passengers sent back.
A passenger on the line's July 2 trip, Pasquale Cantone, 68, died on July 22 at Good Samaritan Hospital in Islip, N.Y., after displaying symptoms of Legionnaires' disease.
``Some of them think baseball owes them something after half-a-year in the game,'' Flannery said.
So shortly after Macy's filed for bankruptcy protection on Jan.
The city had, in fact, closed bidding for them on June 22 after accepting an offer of $900,000 from Impact Shipping, of Tampa, Fla.
And with less than two weeks left to play -- if there is a strike, they'll be no more games after August 11 -- whoever is in first at the time of the work stoppage, they just might be playoff bound.
For instance, why would a veteran NBA coach with vast dealings in all areas of human behavior take a job knowing that the last guy who had it was fired after one year and has yet to be paid what he is owed?
``I think the healing process has already begun,'' Hemphill said after trustees voted, 37-0, to elect him leader of the nation's largest seminary.
During a news conference Thursday, Seaborn assigned himself as a ``referee'' and rejected questions related to Dilday's firing after saying he wanted to look forward, not backward.
Ms. Hairston said that after a rescheduled interview, Chavis received word ``that they were not impressed, that she did not have the skills and would not get the position.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
Chavis brought her into the organization that month as an administrative assistant, but she was let go after a few weeks.
``A perfect prep for the Pacific Classic.'' Pat Valenzuela, riding the 5-year-old for the first time, didn't have to use his whip after setting uncharacteristically slow fractions.
Western Style was disqualified after finishing first, and Fast Reward became the winner.
Stevens skipped his next scheduled race after telling the stewards he was ``shook up,'' a track spokesman said.
Stevens could be suspended because of the disqualification -- bad timing after five winners in two days.
Chris McCarron missed the races after bruising and twisting his ankle on Wednesday.
``This is the best I've felt for a long time.'' Changed Tune rallied to win the 6{-furlong Fantastic Girl after favorite Mamselle Bebette tired to finish fifth.
A tearful Debra Suzanne Cummings, 36, gasped and collapsed in the arms of family members Thursday after a court clerk read verdicts finding her not guilty of second-degree murder, voluntary manslaughter and child endangerment in the June 16, 1990, death of Kevin Young.
The baby succumbed to blunt force trauma a day after he was rushed to the hospital while Cummings cared for him at her Reseda home.
``I think this is a totally different case than 1981,'' Claire said, noting the Dodgers will be 114 games into a season not likely to be split in half after Aug.
L.A. COUNCILMAN PROPOSES BRINGING BACK GAMBLING SHIPS LOS ANGELES  (BC-GAMBLING-SHIPS-2Takes-LADN) More than 50 years after a fleet of floating casinos were forced to weigh anchor off the Southern California coast, a Los Angeles City Councilman wants to look at bringing back the gambling boats.
``The attorney general's office will process applications for a gaming club license in a particular city or county only after the electorate has approved an ordinance authorizing gaming clubs,'' Deaton wrote in the report issued earlier this week.
``The only thing I know is that it for sure won't have any effect on me now or in the future.'' Clippers general manager Elgin Baylor, admittedly relieved to be able to finally address the subject of the coming season, quickly reached terms with Fitch in talks Tuesday and Wednesday after Pfund declined an offer.
He's that type of coach.'' As he formally joined Baylor in a Lakers-dominated region, two years after working for the New Jersey Nets and Willis Reed in an area that belongs to the New York Knicks, Fitch corrected those who label him a retread.
Ms. Hairston said that after a rescheduled interview, Chavis received word ``that they were not impressed, that she did not have the skills and would not get the position.'' Ms. Hairston also said, contrary to the account of some board members, that the settlement had been negotiated with the knowledge of the NAACP's in-house counsel, Dennis Hayes.
Chavis brought her into the organization that month as an administrative assistant, but she was let go after a few weeks.
In a statement issued late Thursday afternoon, Gibson, the chairman, said that Ms. Stansel had been hired only as an ``interim assistant'' and that ``it was later determined that her services would not be needed.'' Gibson's statement, issued several hours after he had declined to be interviewed about the matter by a reporter who had called his office in Columbia, S.C., did not address other board members' complaint that they had known nothing of the settlement.
More than two years after it brought him across the country to be its morning man, then moved him to nights, then turned him loose, the gonzo Baja station has decided to become pro-recycle by trumpeting Mason's return as its brand-newest morning co-host (with John Ireland) starting this week.
Less than five months after he left a news-and-music morning drive show in Toledo to be XTRA's morning man, he was gasping for air.
Five months later, he's back, lured in part by the station's promise of an 18-month commitment to develop his morning act and the fact that the Berger-Prescott-Schwartz team took the backlash of criticism he figured would come after the ``Loose Cannons'' were moved out.
Their hearts weren't into it after a while.
The either/or responses from colleagues of Healy -- the longtime radio and TV broadcaster died last Friday at age 70 after a yearlong bout with liver cancer -- indicates that whatever impact he made, feelings are strong on both sides.
Chandler, the former USC and Raiders wide receiver who has been a regular on the TV news clip parade with his exit walk from the downtown prison after visits with incarcerated pal O.J. Simpson, used to work at KABC (Channel 7) as a sports reporter.
'Twas typical Tim McCarver timing Monday night during ABC's Dodgers-Giants telecast when, seconds after critiquing the bad habits of Dodger hitter Eric Karros (``his left foot is pointing toward the pitcher''), Karros hit the next pitch for a home run in the second inning ...
The autopsy report, however, answered only one of many questions still lingering after the blinding explosion that killed the driver, left 23 people injured, damaged homes on both sides of the Cross Westchester Expressway and created a traffic nightmare during the morning rush hour.
Dr. Louis Roh, the deputy medical examiner in Westchester County, said that blood tests taken after the autopsy on Wednesday showed no sign of alcohol or drugs in Conway's system.
My confidence has been getting better as a pitcher; this can only help me more because not many people do this.'' The Rangers gave Rogers a 4-0 lead after three innings.
``The guys got me some runs early and I was able to go after some hitters.'' Rogers said.
Walking off the mound after the eighth, I had to look up and see the fans because I don't know if I would ever feel that way again.
``I didn't know how to act after the last out,'' Rogers said.
It was a great feeling.'' Rogers threw the perfect game just three starts after straining a muscle in his shoulder in a game against the Detroit Tigers.
It's hard to put your finger on it.'' The Astros drew 38,435 for a June 10 game against Atlanta, but after Houston's 5-2 loss, several Astros said the crowd seemed to have too many Braves fans.
``That's Houston at its best,'' third baseman Ken Caminiti told the ``Houston Post'' after the game.
``Ever since I've been playing baseball here, the theory is that if you're in the race after the All-Star break, the fans will come,'' second baseman Craig Biggio said.
There are video arcade games on opposite sides of the Astrodome and promotions that allow children to run the bases after selected games.
But from what I can tell, it's still a team that should be very successful.'' Landry, replaced by Jimmy Johnson in 1989 after 29 seasons at the Cowboys helm, now has been away from coaching for the same amount of time Switzer had between jobs.
In my case, after 29 years, it was about time to get out.
``It's nice to have a couple of Cowboys coming in, and Jackie Smith (who closed his career with Dallas after starring with the Cardinals), too,'' he said.
Anytime a Cowboy gets recognition, it's special to me.'' The recognition Landry received last year after accepting Jones' invitation to join the team's Ring of Honor hasn't mellowed the old coach's view of the man who fired him.
Those activities have always sustained him, but he might have been impelled to step up his rigorous routine a few notches after seeing his bloated image in those widely marketed TV truck spots.
Saturday, White will be the final inductee -- it's an alphabetical process -- to join them, immediately after former Cowboy defensive coordinator Ernie Stautner offers his prize pupil for presentation.
Potentially more explosive hearings on the removal of documents from the office of Vincent Foster, the deputy White House counsel, after his suicide last July, will follow later, probably in the autumn.
Rumor has it that Vice-President Al Gore is in charge of the search for a secretary of state to replace Warren Christopher after November's midterm elections.
It did not hurt Ronald Reagan to have an approval rating of only 39 percent at the equivalent stage of his presidency, nor did it help George Bush to have 60 percent approval after 18 months in office.
Potentially more explosive hearings on the removal of documents from the office of Vincent Foster, the deputy White House counsel, after his suicide last July, will follow later, probably in the autumn.
Rumor has it that Vice-President Al Gore is in charge of the search for a secretary of state to replace Warren Christopher after November's midterm elections.
It did not hurt Ronald Reagan to have an approval rating of only 39 percent at the equivalent stage of his presidency, nor did it help George Bush to have 60 percent approval after 18 months in office.
DAMASCUS  (BC-DAMASCUS'-MOVE-ECONOMIST) ``A black day in the history of Jordan,'' proclaimed Syria's state-controlled newspapers on July 26, the day after the Washington summit that formally ended Jordan's state of war with Israel.
In remarks made at Damascus airport last week after a chat with Egypt's Hosni Mubarak, the Syrian suggested that it is all a matter of timing.
``Assad would rather go down in history as a man who did not sell out to the Israelis than accept a halfway deal.'' Syria's strongman remains in power after 24 years because he knows how to adjust to new conditions and because he knows how to wait.
DAMASCUS  (BC-DAMASCUS'-MOVE-ECONOMIST) ``A black day in the history of Jordan,'' proclaimed Syria's state-controlled newspapers on July 26, the day after the Washington summit that formally ended Jordan's state of war with Israel.
In remarks made at Damascus airport last week after a chat with Egypt's Hosni Mubarak, the Syrian suggested that it is all a matter of timing.
``Assad would rather go down in history as a man who did not sell out to the Israelis than accept a halfway deal.'' Syria's strongman remains in power after 24 years because he knows how to adjust to new conditions and because he knows how to wait.
The lion cub Simba (voice by Jonathan Taylor Thomas, then Matthew Broderick) must reclaim his throne after his evil uncle, Scar (Jeremy Irons doing Claus Von Bulow with a mane), connives to have Simba's father, King Mufasa (James Earl Jones), killed.
	Philadelphia PG-13 	Tom Hanks gives an Oscar-winning performance as a fast-track lawyer who sues his former firm after being fired for incompetence after he discovers he's HIV-positive.
``One day during rehearsals,'' recalls Scott, ``Lorraine took me to lunch at the Edison Hotel and said: `If we make it through this one, baby, I'm gonna write one for you.' '' That role was in ``Les Blancs,'' the controversial anti-colonialism drama that played on Broadway in 1970, five years after Hansberry's death at age 34.
Published, but never performed, ``Flowers'' is a fable set after a cataclysmic war, about an old hermit trying to instill in 10 orphaned children -- who are reverting to savagery -- the civilization they can't remember.
He's an angelic presence whose keening pitch and languid phrasing turn mere words into soaring supplications, and he's made a dramatic return to the footlights after years of being lost in the shadows.
``I met Jimmy when I was in my last year of high school, almost 50 years ago now,'' says Brown, 66, who recently moved to Las Vegas after losing her home to the Los Angeles earthquake.
Her trend of getting into the blues didn't happen until after that period.
At one point, he was a grant recipient of the Rhythm and Blues Foundation, a charitable trust that Brown had helped to establish after winning back royalties in a fight with Atlantic Records.
Recently a Washington state judge turned two teen-age Alaska Indians over to their tribal elders after the youths admitted to the robbery of a pizza delivery man who was severely beaten with a baseball bat and remains hearing impaired.
For example, a bill that would have authorized a ``national biological survey'' was withdrawn by the Clinton administration after advocates of stronger property rights added an amendment restricting the government's access to private property and forbidding authorities from using volunteers to complete the survey.
The conventional wisdom is that players and owners will shake hands sometime right after hell freezes over.
Carrey, who vaulted into the seven-figure ranks after the unexpected success of ``Ace Ventura: Pet Detective,'' was apparently born with the phrase, ``loose-limbed, rubber-face appeal'' stamped on his forehead.
There was a very large diversity of opinion,'' said David Hays, the commissioner who changed his vote after a new compensation package was proposed, opening the door for Apple.
ANTI-GAY RESOLUTION STILL SPLITTING COUNTY, A YEAR AFTER ITS PASSAGE MARIETTA, Ga.  (BC-COBB-GAY-(900&add)-COX) One year after the Cobb County Commission took an official stand against homosexuality, 40 percent of Cobb residents are ready to line up in favor of the controversial resolution.
 (BC-FLEET-DOWNSIZE-HNS) Thirty years after it was launched in San Pedro, Calif., the guided missile cruiser USS Fox has reached the end of the line as a fighting ship.
``If she feels there's a violation of the law, she'll go after it regardless of if it's a big company or a small one,'' said Guido Saveri, a San Francisco attorney who represents plaintiffs in price-fixing cases.
Guido Saveri, (CQ) a San Francisco attorney who represents plaintiffs in price fixing cases, called Bingaman ``a vigorous enforcer.'' ``If she feels there's a violation of the law, she'll go after it regardless of if it's a big company or a small one,'' Saveri said.
``We were neither afraid of (Microsoft Chairman Bill) Gates, nor in favor of Gates nor after Gates,'' Bingaman said.
In fact, he made little secret of his contempt for what he termed ``the so-called Whitewater affair,'' telling fellow lawmakers ``as I've said repeatedly, ad nauseum, we are not here to prosecute anyone.'' Gonzalez already had referred to Whitewater as a ``witch hunt,'' fed in large measure by ``the jackal press.'' He had resisted the hearings, but grudgingly acquiesced after the House approved a bipartisan resolution last month.
GOAT GROWERS SHIFTING FOCUS FROM MOHAIR TO MEAT SAN ANTONIO  (BC-GOAT-MARKET-HNS) A planned phase-out of a federal wool and mohair subsidy program after 1995 has caused some Texas goat ranchers to consider shifting their focus to the meat market, according to industry officials.
 (BC-FLEET-DOWNSIZE-HNS) Thirty years after it was launched in San Pedro, Calif., the guided missile cruiser USS Fox has reached the end of the line as a fighting ship.
``We get to talk about what we want to talk about,'' said 15-year- old goalie Jose Serrano, catching his breath after tossing body blocks during a quick exhibition game at the boys club gym on Guerrero Street.
``It's the same pressures, the same environment, the same temptations,'' Perez said, after expertly flicking the ball about the gym with some of the youths.
They are, after all, soooooo cute with their beady little eyes and wicked spines.
Storer thinks hedgehogs will endure after their trend status has played out.
Potentially more explosive hearings on the removal of documents from the office of Vincent Foster, the deputy White House counsel, after his suicide last July, will follow later, probably in the autumn.
Rumor has it that Vice-President Al Gore is in charge of the search for a secretary of state to replace Warren Christopher after November's midterm elections.
It did not hurt Ronald Reagan to have an approval rating of only 39 percent at the equivalent stage of his presidency, nor did it help George Bush to have 60 percent approval after 18 months in office.
Potentially more explosive hearings on the removal of documents from the office of Vincent Foster, the deputy White House counsel, after his suicide last July, will follow later, probably in the autumn.
Rumor has it that Vice-President Al Gore is in charge of the search for a secretary of state to replace Warren Christopher after November's midterm elections.
It did not hurt Ronald Reagan to have an approval rating of only 39 percent at the equivalent stage of his presidency, nor did it help George Bush to have 60 percent approval after 18 months in office.
FIFTY YEARS ON, DIVISIONS REMAIN OVER WARSAW UPRISING WARSAW, Poland  (BC-WARSAW-RISING-560&add-$ADV31-COX) Fifty years after they rose up against their German occupiers and were slaughtered as the Red Army watched in silent collaboration, Poles remain confused about their recent history and old foes.
Bor-Komorowski settled in London after World War II and died there in 1966.
DAMASCUS  (BC-DAMASCUS'-MOVE-ECONOMIST) ``A black day in the history of Jordan,'' proclaimed Syria's state-controlled newspapers on July 26, the day after the Washington summit that formally ended Jordan's state of war with Israel.
In remarks made at Damascus airport last week after a chat with Egypt's Hosni Mubarak, the Syrian suggested that it is all a matter of timing.
``Assad would rather go down in history as a man who did not sell out to the Israelis than accept a halfway deal.'' Syria's strongman remains in power after 24 years because he knows how to adjust to new conditions and because he knows how to wait.
DAMASCUS  (BC-DAMASCUS'-MOVE-ECONOMIST) ``A black day in the history of Jordan,'' proclaimed Syria's state-controlled newspapers on July 26, the day after the Washington summit that formally ended Jordan's state of war with Israel.
In remarks made at Damascus airport last week after a chat with Egypt's Hosni Mubarak, the Syrian suggested that it is all a matter of timing.
``Assad would rather go down in history as a man who did not sell out to the Israelis than accept a halfway deal.'' Syria's strongman remains in power after 24 years because he knows how to adjust to new conditions and because he knows how to wait.
Here is where a Roswell-based intelligence officer named Jesse Marcel was sent for the purpose of mass-media humiliation after he had declared publicly that the scraps must have come from an alien spacecraft.
Interesting, then, that we tested a 1994 Lexus LS400 immediately after the Aurora.
Dubinin, Russia's acting finance minster, speaking after the government held a special session of the cabinet to discuss the dimensions of free market Russia's most spectacular financial disaster, and how seriously it would mar the struggling image of capitalism here.
	But he said Iraq will raise this to 3.6 million barrels a day, the same level as its traditional enemy Iran, within 10 to 14 months after trade sanctions are lifted and it can obtain spare parts needed to repair oil installations damage during the gulf war.
Casually but impeccably dressed, starched and perfumed people alight from their vehicles and stand outside, sipping beer, laughing easily, discussing Ole Miss football and local gossip -- just as they have week after week, year after year, decade after changing decade.
In those days, the building was also the Signa home; by the late '40s, after Big Doe focused solely on restauranting, aunts and uncles did the cooking and waited the tables, including master oyster-shucker Uncle Jug, who wore a turban (that, of course, looked like a jug) after he received an electric shock on the top of his head.
``They are good political members,'' said Gephardt after Wednesday's lunch.
``The caucus isn't as strong as it will be after the redistricting lawsuits are settled positively'' and the new members don't have to expend energy fighting them, said Rep.
The aggressive anti-segregationist outlook of Gates and his generation discomforted some of the older black people of the town -- not because the latter favored segregation but because they feared losing ``the warmth and nurturance of the womblike colored world.'' Gates evokes that sense of loss in the touching final chapter of the book, which describes the last black company picnic after the mill ordered an end to separate-but-equal picnics.
Sadly, this smartly written book comes out only months after Belfrage died of cancer at the age of 57.
A few years after taking the job, he began to notice that his clients were younger, often tattooed or literally branded with gang signs.
But after the sloping shoulders, floppy fabrics and mismatched patterns, designers are putting the suit back together again.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Since the suit is now seen as an international male uniform, it is hard to realize what a modern and forward-thinking idea it was when men first turned tailored backs on the fancy attire of the ancient regime after the French Revolution.
Many well-toned women don't take them off after the gym but conspicuously wear them to the grocery store or dry cleaner.
And I was delighted to see my mother's favorite, Harry Lauder's Walking Stick (twisted hazel), the shrub named after Scotland's beloved baritone.
Among its daring features is the well-known golden garden, planted after the National Trust for Scotland inherited Crathes in 1951.
(ital)Get some exercise.(end ital) I recommend this reluctantly and only after you have exhausted every other possible means of killing time.
Zia, the prime minister, is the widow of an army general, Zia Rahman, who took power three months after Mujibur's killing, only to be assassinated, again by army officers, while he was visiting the country's second biggest city, Chittagong, as president in 1981.
But after a brief interlude, their relations degenerated.
Wazed of being too closely linked to India, where she took sanctuary for years after the 1975 killings -- both have, broadly speaking, advocated the same path for Bangladesh.
Foley bristled at the suggestion that members might prefer he wait until after the Senate decides if it will support employer mandates before asking House Democrats to support the idea.
	The vote, which followed unanimous approval last week in the Senate Judiciary Committee, came after six hours of scripted debate on the Senate floor.
Describing the proposed new law as ``radical, innovative and fair,'' Mr. Berlusconi said, ``It would have been difficult to have been more severe than this.'' ``My government,'' he said, ``is not, as its detractors say, a government that breaks the rules, that does not respect the rules.'' He insisted Italians continued to harbor ``great confidence'' in his government, a right-wing coalition of his Forza Italia party, the neo-Fascist National Alliance and the separatist Northern League, which was swept into power in elections in March after two years of corruption scandals had discredited most political parties in Italy.
Late last year, after the country's democratically elected president was assassinated, tens of thousands of people were killed and over 500,000 fled the country.
``I'm not sure I know we know now,'' Barbakow said in an interview this month, shortly after the company agreed to pay $379 million as part of a settlement of charges of kickbacks and fraud at its psychiatric hospitals, which generated 16 percent of the company's revenue last year.
``He absolutely was what the company needed.'' Soon, after a rash of asset sales and settlements with insurers, employees privately began calling Barbakow ``Monty Hall,'' after the host of ``Let's Make a Deal.'' Barbakow had a powerful incentive to work fast.
It took two years, but after a pantheon of Hollywood wannabes kicked at MGM's skeletal remains, Barbakow pocketed $30 million from the sale.
Asserting that exploitation of the image of women is one more form of repression, she said the suggestive car advertisement that appeared last November was a typical example of ``subliminal discriminatory advertising.'' And after she threatened legal action, the advertisement was withdrawn.
In the Cabinet, we act collectively, but now I can raise how our decisions affect women.'' In truth, much has been achieved since the days of Franco, who died in 1975 after 36 years as Spain's absolute ruler.
He remembers summer as a series of open days filled with fragrant orange groves, thriving watermelon patches, hours spent riding bikes, eating freshly picked corn, staying out until dark after the Fourth of July picnic.
He remembers summer as a series of open days filled with fragrant orange groves, thriving watermelon patches, hours spent riding bikes, eating freshly picked corn, staying out until dark after the Fourth of July picnic.
More recently, after a stint as a toy maker at Lucas Toys, which is now defunct, Thorpe, who is based in Fairfax, Calif., north of San Francisco, decided to focus his unique talents on something even more important: building a robotic, radio-controlled vacuum cleaner.
Rehfeldt said she became dependent on orthotics after the inserts relieved knee troubles and pain down the left side of her torso.
``The Democrats should check their facts before they make allegations.'' The Wisconsin Democratic Party accused GOPAC of breaking state law on Thursday after newspaper articles identified Sheboygan businessmen Terry Kohler and Philip M.
And after she was awarded a paltry $8 a week, her former boyfriend smacked her with a custody suit.
The operation, which may eventually involve up to up 2,000 American troops, marks the return of large-scale U.S. military operations to Africa after U.S. forces withdrew from Somalia last March.
The umpires confiscated Belle's bat during a game in Chicago July 15 after Gene Lamont, the White Sox manager, asked them to check it.
The Indians suspected that White Sox personnel went into the visiting clubhouse at Comiskey Park after the July 14 game and checked Belle's bats, perhaps even X-raying them.
Clinton visits Independence 29 years to the day after President Lyndon Johnson went there to sign into law an outgrowth of Truman's efforts: Medicare, the insurance program for older Americans.
HIS HEAD DETERMINED HIS FATE NEWARK, Mo.  (BC-FISHER-COLUMN-KAN) In 1887, Andrew Allsman's head turned up here, 25 years after it and the body it was attached to disappeared.
Allsman, in fact, was shot four days after his capture and a month before McNeil lined up the 10 prisoners.
But after they were marked down to $999 recently, 50 were quickly sold.
Concern has focused on the possibility of chaos or violence after the election.
``This time, after the election, it won't be resolved so quickly.'' 
FORMER MAYOR ACHIEVING COMEBACK AS FRONTRUNNER IN D.C. MAYOR'S RACE WASHINGTON  (BC-BARRY-710&add-$ADV31-COX) Marion Barry, achieving a remarkable political comeback in the two years since his release from prison, is now a strong contender to regain the mayor's seat he left in disgrace after his drug conviction.
The vote, which followed unanimous approval last week in the Senate Judiciary Committee, came after more than five hours of scripted debate on the Senate floor.
One of the few spontaneous moments occurred just before the vote, after Sen.
Lee as soon as the Civil War began, came home immediately after seeing his very first battle and stayed home where, having granted himself the title ``Colonel,'' he spent the next four years enlisting fresh troops for the Confederacy.
Anonymous sources told The Washington Post last week that Altman and the president were not such close friends, after all.
IBM PC CO.'S NEW CHIEF ACCELERATES SHAEK-UP  (BC-IBM-PC-355&ADD-NYT) Three months after taking over IBM's faltering personal computer business, G.
That followed a rise of $9.50 on Thursday, after the company announced that it was negotiating a merger.
Adams was also an authority on the philosopher and theologian Paul Tillich, who died in 1965, and his book ``Paul Tillich's Philosophy of Culture, Science and Religion'' was praised, after it came out in 1965, as the most substantial and perceptive study of Tillich to appear until then.
Soon after Clinton was sworn as the 43 percent president in 1993, Democratic strategists mapped plans for a long-term restructuring of American politics.
Fehr, the players' labor leader, was responding to Ravitch's repeated request to the players that they respond to the owners' desire to know ``what it will cost us to play baseball.'' A salary cap is the owners' way of making that determination, but Ravitch, their chief labor spokesman, has said he would listen to any idea the players might have, and after the players set their strike date Thursday, he said, ``I consider the ball to be in Don's court.'' Asked Friday if the players would respond in the manner Ravitch has requested, Fehr said: ``It's like saying, `We don't need a salary cap, but if you can come up with an absolute restriction on salaries by any other name, we'll talk about it.' So this business of the ball being in our court gets ridiculous.'' The two sides tentatively plan to resume their negotiations for a new collective bargaining agreement next Wednesday, then meet again Thursday.
They were hired to share one academic position after their 1974 ordinations and later were given individual posts at the school.
``I felt after the first day, I was competing literally against myself,'' he said.
``The world record becomes irrelevant after a while.'' While O'Brien fell short in his record attempt, he did lead a 1-2-3 American sweep, as Steve Fritz was second with 8,177 points and Kip Janvrin came in third with 7,908.
``But it's disappointing to leave two days work behind with a 1,500 like that.'' Also passing up a world record, Javier Sotomayor from Cuba stopped jumping, citing fatigue, after he hit 7 feet 10{ inches, 2 inches from the record he set last year.
``The longer they stay, the more plagues that will fall on their heads.'' It was clear Friday that after weeks in the camps in Zaire, more and more Rwandan refugees were ready to return home, whatever the risk.
Her husband, Juvenal Bigargara, said, ``I could not wait for my wife to deliver when we were suffering from hunger and disease.'' They left on Wednesday, after their 19-year-old son died of what they think was cholera.
Well, that's essentially what Harvey Golub is about to do at the American Express Co., a little more than a year after taking over as chairman and chief executive of the giant financial services business.
When Golub was named president of the company and head of its card business in 1991, the card operation was rapidly crumbling after a decade of explosive growth, with tens of thousands of cardholders canceling their accounts each week.
FOCUS IS ON BOWE AND LEWIS AFTER 2 CONTENDERS STUMBLE  (BC-BOX-BOWE-NYT) Rock Newman, who manages Riddick Bowe, could barely stop laughing Friday after watching Thursday night's doubleheader from Atlantic City, N.J. Two former heavyweight contenders, Tommy Morrison and Ray Mercer, suffered draws at the hands of little-known fighters with mediocre records.
The 42-year-old Eliades now spends from 4 p.m. to midnight making calls to Las Vegas and New York after he finishes his day job.
The robot began its trek into the dark inferno of the smoldering crater at 6:30 p.m., Eastern daylight time, after being delayed for several days by balky components and unfavorable weather in the vicinity of Mount Spurr, a volcano 80 miles west of Anchorage.
Campbell said that the federal agency denied pre-marketing approval for the baldness machine after the company could not supply all the clinical data the FDA wanted.
The issue is not whether a few follicles pop up after a person with genetic balding problem takes a 12-minute snooze in the treatment chair.
Lord, who was born in New York in 1926, attended the Hotchkiss School and, after serving in the Army during World War II, earned a bachelor's degree in English literature from Yale University.
The proposal, modeled after legislation approved by the House Ways and Means Committee, sheds some of the more controversial features of the Clinton plan, such as mandatory health purchasing alliances and immediate government price controls.
-- Resume waiting: Three out of four senior managers who job hunt are still at their old posts after a year, according to a Cornell University survey.
The fight began two years ago when Haagen-Dazs, long known for its ``smooth'' ice cream, went after Ben & Jerry's market by introducing its own versions ``chunky'' ice cream, dubbed ``Extraas,'' like Triple Brownie Overload.
 (BC-ICE-CREAM-ART-2NDTAKE-$ADV31-NYT) Last spring Ben & Jerry's, famous for its chunky ice creams with zany names like Cherry Garcia (cherry-and-chunk chocolate flavor named after Jerry Garcia of The Grateful Dead rock band), retaliated with its own smooth varieties.
-- Resume waiting: Three out of four senior managers who job hunt are still at their old posts after a year, according to a Cornell University survey.
Then, in 1985, six months after the founder of Haagen-Dazs, Reuben Mattus, sold out to Pillsbury (now a subsidiary of Grand Metropolitan), the Smiths sold Frusen Gladje to Kraft Foods for an undisclosed sum.
Dubinin, the acting finance minster, speaking after the government held a special session of the cabinet to discuss the dimensions of free market Russia's most spectacular financial disaster, and how seriously it would mar the struggling image of capitalism here.
Even after repeated warnings from the government, and after President Boris N.
Hirsch mentioned the bloody glove that police found on Simpson's property after they hopped a wall without a warrant.
The Tutsis were installed by the Rwandan Patriotic Front after it claimed victory in the civil war over the old Hutu-led government.
But National Security Adviser Tony Lake stressed that the U.S. soldiers would have no peacekeeping responsibilities -- as they did in Somalia after they were ordered to help disarm warring factions -- and would not be committed there on a long-term basis.
``Opponents of choice who call physicians `baby killers' one day have no credibility the next when they issue polite statements of regret after physicians and escorts have been gunned down in cold blood,'' said the statement issued Friday by the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League.
And the leaders of Operation Rescue National and the Pro-Life Action League said Friday that they had argued with Hill, before, during and after the Chicago meeting, that the killing of doctors who perform abortions is not justifiable.
Most of the anti-abortion leaders said they first heard of Hill -- who established an organization called Defensive Action -- only after the shooting of Gunn last year.
Hill, who was earning a living painting and cleaning cars after leaving the active ministry several years ago, thrust himself into the limelight through the force of his statements in support of Michael Griffin, 32, the man convicted of the shooting.
But after `Donahue,' it seemed like the media just gobbled him up, because he was saying what they wanted him to say.'' 
But Cerullo wasn't talking -- at least not until last week, when, right after resigning from Kidder, he came out swinging.
``I took the initiative.'' And: ``If I need to fall on my sword, fine.'' But what he clearly wanted was to turn that sword firmly toward his critics after having it pointed at him for so long.
``This is a nightmare,'' Fern Mallis, the executive director of the Council of Fashion Designers of America, said as she hailed a cab Monday after Klein's show in the cavernous Sony Music Studios on West 53d Street at 10th Avenue.
``When you send a guy to Harvard and F.I.T.,'' he said, referring to Bartlett's alma maters, ``this is what you get.'' Attending Joseph Abboud's runway show in the grand ballroom of the Pierre on Wednesday right after Bartlett's was like participating in a seminar on the semiotics of glamour.
The show began only after Linda J.
``But after two laps, it just became difficult.'' Crossing the line in 5:10.94, O'Brien finished with 8,715 points, a Goodwill Games record but nonetheless, a disappointment.
``Mr. Altman looks forward to appearing before the committee next week and testifying and he is confident that after his testimony, the committee will be satisfied,'' Schloss said.
Ito chose the day that falls exactly 60 days after Simpson's arraignment.
Under California law, a defendant can demand that trial begin in no less than 60 days after the arraignment.
	Stocks broke out of their summer slumber after a weaker-than-expected report on the economy eased fears of an imminent interest-rate increase.
	The dollar fell against the German mark and other currencies after a government report showing slower-than-expected economic growth convinced many traders that the Federal Reserve was less likely to raise interest rates soon.
Le Coze and his sister named the restaurant after a folk song their father sang to them as children, ``Les Moines de St. Bernardin,'' about monks who, Le Coze said, ``loved life -- the good life especially.'' Within four years, Le Bernardin was awarded one star by the Michelin Guide.
Since the auction began on Monday, Paging Network Inc., the nation's largest paging company, dueled in round after round of bidding with McCaw Cellular Communications, the nation's biggest cellular telephone company.
But two years after Ben & Jerry's Homemade Inc.
With money for expansion and development scarce, many of these companies have undertaken their projects only after securing loans from international financial institutions like the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development or loan guarantees from the Overseas Private Investment Corp.
The idea of ``ice cream diplomacy'' was born, and after a search for other suitable sites, a start-up date of 1991 was set.
Increasing revenue has become more urgent after a two-year tax holiday given to Ben & Jerry's as a start-up venture expired last month.
Only minutes after the shooting, in which a volunteer security escort for the doctor was also killed, police arrested Paul J.
If an abortionist is about to violently take an innocent person's life, you are entirely morally justified in trying to prevent him from taking that life.'' And after an abortion doctor was wounded by a gun-wielding anti-abortion advocate in Wichita, Kan., last year, Hill said the Sixth Commandment requires ``that we try and prevent killing, and requires that we use force if necessary to do that.'' Police said that as Hill was being taken into custody Friday, he told them: ``I know one thing.
David Trosch was suspended from his post with the church after he sought to place an ad in local papers calling the killing of abortion doctors ``justifiable homocide.'' Pensacola has been the site as well of burglaries and fire-bombings of abortion clinics, incidents that all contributed to the enactment of the new federal law aimed at curbing anti-abortion activity outside clinics.
Some critics argue that the U.S. should have moved to stop the genocide in Rwanda soon after it began in April.
Effective international peacekeeping can only come after some kind of internal peace is established.
In an interview Baghdad, Iraqi Oil Minister Safa Hadi Jawad Habubi, estimated that Iraq would have the capacity to export slightly more than 2 million barrels of oil a day after the embargo is lifted.
The catalyst for the markets was the Commerce Department's early morning report that gross domestic product, the sum of economic activity in the second quarter, grew by only 3.7 percent after inflation.
``We want to go after the bad guys.'' Some advocates for highway safety have also said the current regulations do not go far enough to insure that tanker trucks are built to minimize the risk of accidents and explosions.
A day after the nine bowls made their presentations, Gene Corrigan, the Atlantic Coast Conference commissioner who serves as the alliance chairman, said Friday that the commissioners would consult with member schools before coming to a decision, perhaps late next week.
This year, that vote may go to Fernandez, whose popularity surged after he trashed Cardenas and Zedillo in the televised debate.
Schumer, D-N.Y. In response, Attorney General Janet Reno said the Justice Department would continue an inquiry, begun in 1993 after the killing of Dr. David Gunn outside another abortion clinic in Pensacola, Fla., to determine whether militant anti-abortion groups can be prosecuted under laws used against the Mafia and other national organized crime groups.
Hill, a former minister, was the director of Defensive Action, a group he founded after the killing of Gunn.
Guillen left Mexico after her life was threatened and sought political asylum here and continues to work as a vocal critic of the ruling PRI party.
He is tired, after years of introducing measures that he said attempted but failed to make the Institutional Revolutionary Party more democratic.
Guillen left Mexico after her life was threatened and sought political asylum here and continues to work as a vocal critic of the ruling PRI party.
He is tired, after years of introducing measures that he said attempted but failed to make the Institutional Revolutionary Party more democratic.
Guillen left Mexico after her life was threatened and sought political asylum here and continues to work as a vocal critic of the ruling PRI party.
He is tired, after years of introducing measures that he said attempted but failed to make the Institutional Revolutionary Party more democratic.
Guillen left Mexico after her life was threatened and sought political asylum here and continues to work as a vocal critic of the ruling PRI party.
He is tired, after years of introducing measures that he said attempted but failed to make the Institutional Revolutionary Party more democratic.
Thirty-six hours after the fact and we are still rubbing our eyes and pinching ourselves.
That's what some folks have forgotten when they wonder why they keep coming back to the ballpark, night after night, when the Rangers are struggling to get their starting pitcher out of the first inning, or the bullpen is blowing another lead or the infielders look more like rejects from the World Cup.
Thirty-six hours after the fact and we are still rubbing our eyes and pinching ourselves.
That's what some folks have forgotten when they wonder why they keep coming back to the ballpark, night after night, when the Rangers are struggling to get their starting pitcher out of the first inning, or the bullpen is blowing another lead or the infielders look more like rejects from the World Cup.
Only two days after an abortion doctor, David Gunn, was shot to death near a clinic in Pensacola in March 1993, the militant abortion opponent accused in Friday's shootings, Paul Hill, called NBC's ``Phil Donahue Show.'' He set up an appearance and flew to New York to announce that Gunn deserved to die.
``I talked to Dr. Britton's daughter after the article appeared,'' he said.
So, after lunch Friday, why was Cunningham stretched out on the locker-room floor with an ice bag placed on a propped-up right knee?
He once gave $100,000 to a church in Camden, N.J. He is surely the only NFL quarterback who has a candy bar and potato chips named after him or who spent $1 million on his wedding or who made three appearances on Arsenio Hall's television show.
I'm part of Philadelphia, one of the sons of Philadelphia like Dr. J or Patti LaBelle or Bruce Willis.'' EXTRA POINTS -- MARVIN JONES, the Jets' second-year middle linebacker, returned to practice after a two-day absence because of a bruised neck.
Rizzuto, who was born in Brooklyn and moved here in the 1940s, was elected to the Hall by the veterans' committee this year after being passed over for 28 years.
They promise you everything, but mostly they're after your money.'' Little matter.
A police detective also testified that he discovered a cut on the middle finger of Simpson's left hand when the defendant was questioned the day after the killings.
his hand and the bleeding had stopped.'' Simpson claimed to have re-injured his hand in his Chicago hotel room by breaking a glass after he was told of the murders, Vannatter reportedly testified.
Cowlings was arrested June 17 after 60-mile pursuit with police in which Cowlings drove his Ford Bronco while Simpson sat in the back seat, reportedly with a gun held to his own head.
CLIBURN TOUR INTERRUPTED BY MOTHER'S ILLNESS FORT WORTH, Texas  (BC-VANCLIBURN-TEX) Pianist Van Cliburn's historic 17-city tour with the Moscow Philharmonic was interrupted on Friday after his mother, 97-year-old Rildia Bee O'Bryan Cliburn suffered a stroke at her home and was hospitalized.
CLIBURN TOUR INTERRUPTED BY MOTHER'S ILLNESS FORT WORTH, Texas  (BC-VANCLIBURN-TEX) Pianist Van Cliburn's historic 17-city tour with the Moscow Philharmonic was interrupted on Friday after his mother, 97-year-old Rildia Bee O'Bryan Cliburn suffered a stroke at her home and was hospitalized.
And why, after his department was already shaken by the recent Mollen Commission report on police corruption, look for more trouble?
Better times, Bratton's aides say, will come in the months ahead, or even in a year or two, after the commissioner's reorganization and strategies against guns, drugs and youth violence have a chance to take hold.
``My promise to you is you will receive a conditional discharge after three years, and you must pay a $2,500 fine in quarterly payments.'' The maximum penalty for the crimes Murphy pleaded guilty to is from 11/3 to 4 years in prison.
All along I felt the ideal time to start up that professional soccer league would be immediately after the World Cup.
 (BC-FIREFIGHTER-ARSON-2ndtake-LADN) Shelp, who was hired as a Los Angeles firefighter shortly after the fire, was placed on administrative duties after Block identified him as a suspect.
All along I felt the ideal time to start up that professional soccer league would be immediately after the World Cup.
All along I felt the ideal time to start up that professional soccer league would be immediately after the World Cup.
All along I felt the ideal time to start up that professional soccer league would be immediately after the World Cup.
In the interest of fostering goodwill, I think the NFL should have given the people of Spain a few more extra years of peace after the death of Francisco Franco before it sent over Al Davis.
Tagliabue, after all, had made some comments recently regarding the salary cap and the end of Simms' career as Giants quarterback that greatly angered Simms.
They're talking about the trainers who decided not to bring a full barn of horses to Del Mar this season after suffering a string of injuries in recent years.
(But) it's something to be aware of.'' Harper said that after the season ends Sept.
Before settling down, Jones wavered a bit after the third inning.
What Hitchcock knows is that his performance against the Cleveland Indians Friday night felt terrific and that he might not be able to duplicate it after Aug.
The matchup of the first-place clubs in the AL East and Central divisions was a mismatch as Mike Stanley knocked in two runs and the Yankees scored three times in the fourth after third baseman Jim Thome's error.
3, 1993, extended their lead over second-place Baltimore to seven games after the Orioles lost Friday night to Toronto, 4-3.
The lead did not last too long for Charles Nagy because the Yankees scored three in the fourth after Danny Tartabull smacked a sharp grounder that scooted past Thome and began an onslaught.
Maybe I could get burned, but I've checked it out very carefully.'' A shakeup was promised after the Kings followed their run to the Stanley Cup Finals in 1993 with a 27-45-12 non-playoff season.
Kings executive and former general manager Rogie Vachon often joked that ``one of these days we will trade Luc and when I call him up to tell him, he won't believe it.'' Coach Barry Melrose once said of Robitaille, ``He'll be in L.A. until he dies.'' McMaster ignored the likely fan backlash -- expected to exceed the negative response to last summer's dealing of Marty McSorley to the Penguins for Shawn McEachern -- after deciding Tocchet-like toughness with the Kings was ``lacking up front totally.'' ``I hope we win the Cup out of this,'' McMaster said.
Two days after he swept divisions of the Oceanside Stakes with Powis Castle and Saltgrass, the trainer sent User Friendly into an allowance race Friday and looked relieved after the 1992 European Horse of the Year won by 1\ lengths.
Chris McCarron didn't ride for the second straight day after banging an ankle on the starting gate on Wednesday.
But he finds out that he doesn't really want to change, because after he gets to know us, he doesn't like us.'' 
That's the directive from the Tier I bowl alliance and the rallying cry for the remaining bowls bidding to become part of an exclusive three-bowl rotation that begins after the 1995 season.
The plan worked for Williams (36-6-2, 27 KOs) for five rounds, after which he was winning 48-47 on all cards.
In other bouts, Roberto Garcia (14-0, 11 KOs) of Oxnard defeated Orlando Euceda (6-2-1, three KOs) of San Diego when Euceda couldn't come out after the sixth round of a scheduled eight-round featherweight bout.
``We want to go after the bad guys.'' 
Each of these was a period in which one party had just gained control of Congress after many years in the minority.
In Israel, a year after beginning to deal openly with the PLO, economic pressures of a different kind underpin Rabin's aggressive moves toward peace, as a newly affluent population of 4.5 million begins to see life with more optimism.
Cigarette ads, for example, are not supposed to air until after 10 p.m., but even in prime time viewers can watch tanned young people enjoying a luxuriant smoke in the great outdoors.
Its ubiquitous ads had promised 3,000 percent dividends and featured the character Lyonya Gulubkov, a bumbling Russian Everyman who effortlessly stumbles onto the good life after buying MMM shares.
It is this fear, among other things, that has led to comparisons with Salman Rushdie, the Indian-born writer who remains under round-the-clock police guard in Britain years after Iran's Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini called on Muslims to kill him for what the ayatollah deemed blasphemy against Islam.
AS EXECUTIONS MOUNT, SO DO INFAMOUS LAST WORDS  (BC-LAST-WORDS-REVIEW-NYT) Hardly a week goes by in the United States without, if not another execution, some new reflection of Americans' willingness to get tough on crime by putting killers to death: a federal crime bill that expands the number of capital offenses (its passage seems assured after a compromise forged last week); Gov.
It was not an illogical fear, Wills said, arguing that historically, after the Romantic movement freed artists from dependence on official benefactors, many became inherently subversive.
But two years after Ben & Jerry's Homemade Inc.
With money for expansion and development scarce, many of these companies have undertaken their projects only after securing loans from international financial institutions like the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development or loan guarantees from the Overseas Private Investment Corp.
The idea of ``ice cream diplomacy'' was born, and after a search for other suitable sites, a start-up date of 1991 was set.
Increasing revenue has become more urgent after a two-year tax holiday given to Ben & Jerry's as a start-up venture expired last month.
The London bombings also came just a day after Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin of Israel and King Hussein of Jordan signed a peace declaration in Washington, further enraging Islamic extremists who oppose peace with Israel.
San Bartolome had captured Eendracht only after a chase, and the stunned crew of Mauritius was praising God for victory and escaping toward home on the wind caught by its one remaining sail.
I became intrigued by the battle -- and by the possibility of finding San Diego -- after reading the accounts of the ships' commanders.
Work began in January 1992, after typhoon season.
San Bartolome had captured Eendracht only after a chase, and the stunned crew of Mauritius was praising God for victory and escaping toward home on the wind caught by its one remaining sail.
I became intrigued by the battle -- and by the possibility of finding San Diego -- after reading the accounts of the ships' commanders.
Work began in January 1992, after typhoon season.
CLIBURN TOUR INTERRUPTED BY MOTHER'S ILLNESS FORT WORTH, Texas  (BC-VANCLIBURN-TEX) Pianist Van Cliburn's historic 17-city tour with the Moscow Philharmonic was interrupted on Friday after his mother, 97-year-old Rildia Bee O'Bryan Cliburn suffered a stroke at her home and was hospitalized.
CLIBURN TOUR INTERRUPTED BY MOTHER'S ILLNESS FORT WORTH, Texas  (BC-VANCLIBURN-TEX) Pianist Van Cliburn's historic 17-city tour with the Moscow Philharmonic was interrupted on Friday after his mother, 97-year-old Rildia Bee O'Bryan Cliburn suffered a stroke at her home and was hospitalized.
``Rarely has mindless partisanship been more blatantly on display,'' concluded Ted Koppel after surveying a video replay of the moment in which the Democrat Maxine Waters yelled at a Republican antagonist to ``shut up.'' And that was one of the good parts.
Ten years later, after a miracle finish propelled his Giants' team past the Dodgers on Bobby Thomson's ``Shot Heard 'Round the World'' in 1951, Durocher ran into another Rizzuto-led Yankee team.
More than 40 years after it happened, Rizzuto still has not forgiven Stanky for kicking a ball out of his glove, Durocher-style, in a slide while stealing second base during that '51 World Series.
The day after Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Goldman were found dead, Forward was seen on KCBS (Channel 2) telling field reporter Harvey Levin that she had once counseled Nicole Simpson and that her client had said she had been abused by her former husband.
Already, in the days just after the killings, Forward said, ``the media found me, I didn't call them.'' But Forward later called back and said she was the one who had initiated the contact with Levin, a friend of hers, to volunteer the information because she ``wanted to give him the exclusive.'' Forward said she had been advised to lie -- she wouldn't name the adviser -- but then suffered ``an attack of conscience'' that included ``a sleepless night or two,'' and decided to call back and admit the lie.
But that goes without saying.'' As for the charge that she has blatantly profited from her time in the O.J. spotlight, Forward pointed out that she had 207 interview requests in the two weeks after the murders and sat for only six.
Why did Forward suddenly pull back after a few days of interviewing and apologize for making what she then termed ``an honest mistake''?
It was, after all, her national reputation as the leading authority on battered women that drew Nicole Simpson to her in the first place.
And though Ghost Dancer marries Red Dress' spirit after her brother returns with her body, the fate of these two haunts the generations that follow.
``I wouldn't live there even if they gave me the house for free,'' he said after a moment of study.
``I was after a funky, party-happy sound this time,'' Connick said.
But the classically trained Booker, who died in 1983 after a lifetime of mental illness and related substance abuse, accomplished things on the piano nobody else could, Connick said.
CONTROVERSY FADES ON TV VIOLENCE LOS ANGELES  (BC-TVCOLUMN-RICHMOND-LADN) To underscore just how overblown last summer's debate over television violence turned out to be, consider the fate of two of the more violent -- albeit markedly different -- shows, ``NYPD Blue'' and ``Mighty Morphin Power Rangers.'' ``NYPD Blue,'' which was blasted before its debut for its bare buttocks, brazen language and bloody corpses, was nominated after its first season for a record 26 Emmy awards.
In the first two games, after Fehr announced the strike date last Thursday, Carter drove in five runs, putting him only six away from his magic number.
And enough medicine and treatment are still available to prevent the epidemics of cholera and other contagious diseases forecast in the days after the end of Persian Gulf War in 1991.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The yardstick for Iraq's economic decline is the value of the dinar, which went into free fall this year, pushing up the price of everything in the market after it became clear in March that the U.N. Security Council was not going to lift sanctions anytime soon.
But a study by the U.N. Children's Fund concluded that even after these raises, ``it is unlikely the average government employee can afford to make up the calorie shortfall from the open market.'' In May, the U.N. Food and Agricultural Organization said Iraq was experiencing ``mass deprivation, chronic hunger, endemic undernutrition for the vast majority of the population, collapse of personal incomes and rapidly increasing numbers of destitute people.'' The quality of health care is also deteriorating.
Cleveland is having such a delightful season, after all these years, that something ghastly must surely interfere.
This Kraft resigned last week after having been quoted as saying that the people in the playgrounds near Yankee Stadium behave like ``monkeys.'' I never knew he was the Yankees' community relations official until he resigned.
For many, it often dictates whether to go out after dark.
She said she no longer goes out after dark.
``It is unfair,'' a Western economic official said after the action by parliament on Friday.
Why close our school?'' No one forgets the inequities in resources: the school system of the early 1950s in Wilmington that spent $65.72 a month on its black students while spending $168.73 on whites, the old school books that went to the black school after whites finished with them.
You don't find black folk longing to go to the North anymore, but up there they're always talking about wanting to go South, wanting to go home.'' After the Baptist church service in Smithdale, after Jack Morgan had even the white folks hollering over his shouting, sweating, stomping gospel rendition of ``The Little Country Church on the Hill,'' after a parade of black and white ministers had said that the service should be a beginning, not an end, everyone spilled outside.
``There's a big difference between HUD going after a government body denying permits and going after citizens complaining about a project,'' she said.
The call for broader student liberties came after the administrator, who had approved the speech as written, wrote Harvard to suggest that the college reconsider its acceptance of the student.
``I don't know what to do now,'' Ms. Brunache, 31, said, clearly stunned after being turned away at the terminal entrance by an Air France ticket agent.
But the day after he arrived, he was threatened in his hotel room by local thugs who said he and his family would suffer if he interfered in the Macedonian-Serbian trade.
The Jets' general manager, Dick Steinberg, heard of Blevins, who is the special teams' coach at Abingdon (Va.) High School, and sent him tapes of the Jets' kickers after last season.
He cannot look up after the kick until after he picks up the strap.
But after a long meeting of the Bosnian Serbs' self-styled parliament, the Bosnian Serb leader, Radovan Karadzic, demanded further negotiations, a response viewed as tantamount to rejection.
The truck driver said that after he found out who was involved in the accident, he fled because he was afraid crowds of sympathizers might turn on him.
He wants to expand training programs for welfare recipients but require those still unemployed after two years to join a work program.
In a paper to be released Monday that outlines the new policy, Dowling says it is patterned after managed health care programs, in which insurers pay not for each doctor visit, but a flat rate per patient.
Under the new system, agencies would be asked to take greater financial risks, but they would also be given greater freedom to spend the money on whatever they believe is necessary to repair a broken family and to support it after children go home.
Agencies are also spending money to provide follow-up services to families after children go home.
Mary Ann Jackson, 32, and her husband, David Edwards, 31, both recovering drug addicts, recently got their five children back after the children spent two and a half years in foster care.
``Central banks 10 years ago put their money into Treasury bonds,'' said Mr. Dallara, who managed foreign central bank money on Wall Street after he left the Treasury, and is now the managing director of the Institute of International Finance, the research and lobbying arm of the world's biggest multinational banks.
Like the Menendez brothers, Lyle and Erik, who inherited $14 million after they killed their parents in 1989, Simpson could be close to bankruptcy by the time his trial is over.
The Menendez brothers won mistrials from their separate juries after presenting a complex defense, and they face a second trial next year.
Maranda's father did not see her until she was a year old, but after that he visited her frequently.
 (BC-CUSTODY-BATTLE-2NDTAKE-NYT) In his opinion, the judge also discounted Ms. Ireland's charges that Smith had twice pushed or struck her; Smith's lawyer, Sharon-Lee Edwards, said these charges were filed only after Smith began seeking custody.
``I guess I tightened up after that,'' recalled Rizzuto, ``and I couldn't hit any of the next four pitches out of the infield.'' When he stepped out of the batting cage, Casey Stengel, the manager of the Dodgers, looking as craggy as ever, said: ``Look, kid, this game's not for you.
And while Rizzuto was as tough a player as there was, playing hurt with broken noses, and stunned after beanings, and knocked over by crashing slides while making the double play -- each year playing more games than virtually every other Yankee -- he never got into a fight.
``I think it was Jim Hegan who hit a pop fly down the left-field line and Rizzuto starts chasing after it.
But after 38 years on the air, Rizzuto has made himself a beloved figure in New York twice over.
Odette Akayezu, a nurse from Rwanda and now a refugee, volunteered to look after the children in one of the tents here.
``We lost them,'' he said after a long pause.
``Even after a Super Bowl,'' said George, ``there would be some people out there that would say this guy can't play, anyway.
Hill, a frequent demonstrator at the clinic, was seized as he tried to flee the parking lot after the shootings, the police said.
Barrett was released Saturday from a local hospital after being treated for wounds to her left forearm.
Potts said that the assailant had dropped the shotgun at the base of the oak tree and that the police had found it there, minutes after Hill was arrested a short distance away.
The police said that officers had arrived at the scene minutes after the shooting and that ``three or four witnesses'' had been shouting and pointing in the direction of Hill as he walked away.
New York Harbor is so big, its coastline so varied, its bottom so changing that 90 percent of angling success is a result of finding the fish, ``hitting 'em where they are.'' Year after year, there are rocks and jetties, tidal flats and channels where bait thrives and bass and blues feed.
``In my profession, I needed something to take my mind off work; fishing does that,'' he said shortly after I met him last fall.
The Air France plane, filled to capacity with 141 passengers, took off two hours late after an unspecified delay earlier in Santo Domingo, the Dominican capital.
Mona Vanbraak, a Dutch international aid worker aboard the last flight, said she and her four young children were bumped by Air France Wednesday -- in spite of confirmed tickets -- after other passengers bribed their way on.
The U.S. consulate quietly closed for several months in 1993 after its Haitian employees demanded bribes for U.S. visas.
``Instead we brought it back because we wouldn't give in to this hatred and rhetoric of division and destruction and we moved forward.'' He said that just as Truman had had to guide Americans in the transition period after World War II, he is trying to guide Americans into the 21st century.
He increasingly turned to providing abortion services after he had been disciplined twice by state medical authorities -- once for ``unprofessional conduct'' and once for inappropriately prescribing huge amounts of drugs for a patient -- and after he ran into money problems with a failed investment in a chain of Florida pet stores.
Britton also had the courage, or the plain stubbornness, to ignore death threats and become the only doctor willing to come to Pensacola and perform abortions after the doctor who previously did so, David Gunn, was himself shot and killed outside another clinic here 15 months ago.
But after he moved to a congregation in Lake Worth, Fla., near West Palm Beach, in 1989, Hill became increasingly quarrelsome with church officials, partly on the abortion question but also on a host of minor practical matters.
But the real turning point, both in Hill's stridency on abortion and in his rejection by others, seemed to come right after the shooting of Gunn by Michael Griffin, a local abortion protester now serving a sentence of life in prison for the killing.
Days after the killing, Hill went on the ``Donahue'' program, seated opposite Gunn's son, to say the killing was justified.
In June 1993, the elders of the church excommunicated Hill, although they said that they would consider readmitting him if after ``prayerful consideration'' he would tone down his views.
He achieved the goal during his life and Sunday, 22 years after his death, his quest will become immortalized.
They went on the road with Jackie Robinson in 1947 after he signed his historic contract with the Dodgers.
He brought Robinson to Branch Rickey's attention in 1945, two years after meeting Robinson while covering the Kansas City Monarchs for the Pittsburgh Courier.
He learned about it one afternoon as an 18-year-old in Detroit after pitching a shutout in an American Legion playoff game.
But gradually the leads and headlines faded, and after Wood's wife, Diana, gave birth to a boy early in 1982, hopes for tracing the suspects dwindled.
And Saturday, after years of dogged work, checking hundreds of sources and leads in a quest that sometimes seemed hopeless, 30-year-old Patrick McDowell, an unemployed Washington Heights janitor who spent 10 of the last 13 years in prison for another killing, was charged with the murder of Wood.
McDowell, married and the father of three children, was seized by the police after a foot chase Friday morning and was found in possession of a gun and two bags of marijuana, the police said.
``It came down to talking to neighborhood people -- friends and associates of the suspect -- and hoping at some point that a person might just walk in wishing to discuss the case,'' Giorgio said at a news conference at the 34th Precinct station house after booking the suspect.
Shortly after midnight McDowell was taken to central booking at 1 Police Plaza in lower Manhattan.
And, not surprisingly, Carlton accomplished all this after adding his own twist.
Yet there were poignantly human moments, McCarver recalls, such as when Carlton was chastised by McCarver's wife for cavalierly brushing off a compliment after the pitcher had won a Cy Young.
Many recall that rail service to LaGuardia and Kennedy International airports has been discussed and studied for more than 20 years, with the only concrete attempt -- the Transit Authority's unbeloved Train to the Plane -- shut down in 1990 after years of losses and low patronage.
John Bennett, the LIRR vice president for infrastructure and systems, said the railroad hoped to use the lower half of the tunnel for its own trains to Grand Central, sometime after 2010.
``But we trust the CDC.'' The ship was declared safe on Thursday after extensive decontamination efforts.
Four days later, after reaching Bermuda, the ship was pulled out of service and the passengers were sent back.
But it is deplorable that, even after the murder, some leaders seem reluctant to denounce it.
Historically, it has done best by intervening only after contending parties reach a mutually acknowledged stalemate.
Nearly 50 years after the defeat of Nazi genocide, the world, to all our shame, has not yet found a morally and militarily adequate response to this recurring crime against humanity.
Historically, it has done best by intervening only after contending parties reach a mutually acknowledged stalemate.
Nearly 50 years after the defeat of Nazi genocide, the world, to all our shame, has not yet found a morally and militarily adequate response to this recurring crime against humanity.
MURDOCK HEAD, 70: CONVICTED IN CONGRESSIONAL BRIBE CASE  (BC-OBIT-NYT) Dr. Murdock Head, who spent about a year in prison in 1983 and 1984 after being convicted of conspiring to bribe two congressmen, died on Thursday at his home in Airlie, Va. He was 70.
Passman was defeated in 1976 after 30 years in Congress and later was acquitted after an influence-buying investigation.
It was not long after he joined the George Washington faculty that he acquired a large farm that became the site of the conference center.
``It breaks my heart to pull into a town and see people protesting what we're trying to do and to see children out there with them,'' said Ross, who lost his job after he became ill.
That is, after all, a matter of lifestyle, and the requirement now is to regard every lifestyle as above reproach -- unless, of course, it involves the use of a tobacco product, in which case the practitioner is fair game to be set upon, ridiculed and denounced by everyone from his own children to officers in the presidential Cabinet.
The day after ending the Twin Port studies, the City Council approved two projects to build a total of 2,100 houses in Otay Mesa.
``To keep it going for so long after the question had already been answered was a considerable source of frustration.'' Pardee is now moving forward with plans to build more than 5,000 houses, condominiums and apartments on 665 acres it bought in the late '70s.
Stop & Shop, based in Quincy, Mass., has been galvanized into competitive action after a new Grade A Shoprite opened last year a mile away from an existing Stop and Shop on Route 1, siphoning off a substantial portion of its customers.
The theater closed in May after negotiations for renewal of a six-year-old lease between the Sony Theater Management Corporation of Manhattan and the landlord, Gateway Associates of New Rochelle, fell through.
But in 1988, after he had served nearly 10 years of his 25-year-to-life sentence, his conviction was dismissed and a new trial ordered.
Monday -- after six more years of legal wrangling over the dismissal -- the retrial of Eric Jackson, now Jackson-Knight, is finally to begin, coincidentally a day before the 16th anniversary of the fatal blaze in the Sheepshead Bay Waldbaum's supermarket.
He has not been jailed the entire time since Justice Joseph Slavin, who had presided at his trial, threw out his conviction in 1988, after Sullivan got the case reopened.
Sullivan persuaded Slavin to reopen the case after winning $13.5 million for the dead firefighters' families in a civil suit against Waldbaum's, the contractors expanding the store and the city.
While trying a case so long after the alleged crime can pose difficulties stemming from dead or missing witnesses or fading memories, Sullivan said he did not foresee such problems in the retrial.
The 6-year-old handed the invitation to Clinton after he finished his health-care promotion speech in Independence and began to move toward the crowd.
Cecil King, the club's president, cheated a bit, riding in only from New Jersey after flying from Denver, but he had ridden a bike to Denver from his home in St. Louis.
On the world stage, he reminded the crowd that during his time in office, peace has been achieved between Israel and Jordan and the Russians are pulling troops out of Eastern Europe ``for the first time since Harry Truman was president.'' He suggested that the country in 1994 is living through the same kinds of epochal shifts in attitudes and circumstances that occurred immediately after World War II, producing the same resistance to change that Truman faced.
All along I felt the ideal time to start up that professional soccer league would be immediately after the World Cup.
In the interest of fostering goodwill, I think the NFL should have given the people of Spain a few more extra years of peace after the death of Francisco Franco before it sent over Al Davis.
He stood in the corner of the Yankee dugout and shouted at plate umpire Ed Hickox after he left the game in the sixth inning.
He slammed his helmet into the dirt after center fielder Kenny Lofton swiped a potential hit in the eighth with a gorgeous diving catch.
From Abbott tossing his gum on the field to O'Neill firing a pair of batting gloves into the stands after making an out, to Don Mattingly flinging his helmet and bat after striking out, these were not the boring Yankees that everyone had grown accustomed to observing as they silently strutted to first place.
I know you guys probably don't believe me, but this is as emotional a team as I have ever been around.'' Because Wade Boggs still just hits and hits and because O'Neill found a better pair of batting gloves by the sixth, the Yankees were able to regain control after Abbott allowed homers to Albert Belle and Manny Ramirez to tie the score, 4-4.
Although Abbott felt he pitched ``as well as I can,'' he failed to protect a 3-1 advantage after the Yanks ambushed the rookie Albie Lopez in the second.
Besides his squabble with Hickox, Abbott had reason to be frustrated after allowing a homer for the 10th straight start while not winning for the 10th time in his last 12 starts.
``I don't feel that is as big a part of the story as it's being made out to be,'' said Abbott, his emotions already back in check minutes after the Yankees displayed their emotions publicly.
Jerry McGee, who joined the senior tour last year after an 11-year golfing hiatus mandated by a nagging chest injury and a low blood-sugar count, was two strokes back at seven-under-par 137 after firing a 66, the day's low score.
JUSTICE FINALLY COMES FOR A WIDOW WHO SPENT YEARS REBUILDING HER LIFE NEW YORK  (BC-WOOD-MURDER-WIDOW-NYT) Diana Newton Wood, whose world was all but destroyed by the bullet that killed her husband nearly 13 years ago, recalled on Saturday the terrible days of trauma and the twilight years of struggle that followed, years of rebuilding her life and raising the son born five months after that fateful night.
``I was only 24 years old when all this happened,'' the 37-year-old widow said in an interview from Cape Cod, remembering the waning days of 1981, when she was alone and pregnant and hopeless just six months after her June wedding.
That was in 1992, more than a decade after her husband's murder.
How could they not realize that after continually watching two sides so incompetent at avoiding them?
``We still own 46.'' About 100 of the sales were to tenants after the conversion took effect, made at various prices through the years.
POLICE OFFICER CHARGED IN DISPUTE NEW YORK  (BC-NY-COP-ARRESTED-NYT) An off-duty police officer was arrested and suspended on Saturday for shooting at an empty car after a traffic dispute with its owner, the police said.
The dispute erupted after a driver bumped into Sanchez's car with his vehicle shortly before 9 p.m. on Friday in front of 2075 Walton Avenue in University Heights, the sergeant said.
And indeed, not long after she finished her sentence for tax evasion and mail fraud, she dismissed three executives at Helmsley-Noyes, another real estate management company under Helmsley's umbrella -- David M.
Helmsley, who spent 18 months in prison, one month in a halfway house, and two months under strict curfew in her own penthouse apartment on Central Park South after her conviction in 1989, herself closed down the New Jersey office a few years back.
Now, after three decades of ad-hoc alterations to the 4,124-seat Brooklyn Paramount, the university is beginning a $5 million program designed to finally change a palace for fantasy into one for learning.
The state asked the 2,500 licensed centers to conduct the tests after a pilot study showed that 10 of 22 centers tested had readings above the level recommended by the federal government.
There must have been at least eight.'' They then begin to wonder who originally lived in the house, and, not surprisingly, discover the identity after a visit to the library.
``It's kind of disheartening when they wheel him into the paddock in a wheelchair,'' joked trainer Gary Jones after favored Kingdom Found won the $132,100 San Diego Handicap by two lengths to complete McCarron's stakes double.
``Believe it or not, it doesn't hurt to ride,'' he said after riding three horses on his first day back in action after the accident.
And in Rancho Cucamonga, where all of the rooms on the luxury suite level are named after baseball personalities, one is labeled the Sandy Kofax room.
Danny recalled the previous season, when Flannery once dressed as the Spokane Indians mascot after being ejected.
Allen, a backup guard and tackle, is also a certain bet to make the squad after a two-week stint that has shown him to be the club's top rookie.
Cunningham is scheduled to take the first turns Sunday night; Boniol is to rotate in after that.
Only later did Johnson learn the true feeling of winning a title, and that was long after he dismissed the importance of winning an exhibition game.
Allen, a backup guard and tackle, is also a certain bet to make the squad after a two-week stint that has shown him to be the club's top rookie.
Cunningham is scheduled to take the first turns Sunday night; Boniol is to rotate in after that.
Only later did Johnson learn the true feeling of winning a title, and that was long after he dismissed the importance of winning an exhibition game.
Randy was the toughest, most intense player I ever coached.'' Stautner told of encountering a peaked-looking White after one grueling road trip.
He was called up the day after the strike ended, so without a walkout he might have been in the big leagues sooner.
Krajicek made the change after turning pro in 1988.
But for Hershiser, who was sidelined by a strained muscle in his rib cage shortly after the All-Star break, a return to form is not accomplished simply.
I think it's just a matter of getting reacquainted with the mound.'' Hershiser didn't appear terribly familiar with that hill in his first start after the injury.
Krajicek made the change after turning pro in 1988.
``I've never felt better,'' said Wilkins, who after bickering for months with the Clippers agreed to a three-year, $11-million contract with the Celtics last week.
His option to become an unrestricted free agent after the season simply means the Celtics will be able to give him a substantial raise to make sure he stays.
On the play, Mondesi tried to advance to second but was caught between the bases when Caminiti, after the tag, fired to second.
On the play, Mondesi tried to advance to second but was caught between the bases when Caminiti, after the tag, fired to second.
In Israel, a year after beginning to deal openly with the PLO, economic pressures of a different kind underpin Rabin's aggressive moves toward peace, as a newly affluent population of 4.5 million begins to see life with more optimism.
Cigarette ads, for example, are not supposed to air until after 10 p.m., but even in prime time viewers can watch tanned young people enjoying a luxuriant smoke in the great outdoors.
Its ubiquitous ads had promised 3,000 percent dividends and featured the character Lyonya Gulubkov, a bumbling Russian Everyman who effortlessly stumbles onto the good life after buying MMM shares.
AS EXECUTIONS MOUNT, SO DO INFAMOUS LAST WORDS  (BC-LAST-WORDS-REVIEW-NYT) Hardly a week goes by in the United States without, if not another execution, some new reflection of Americans' willingness to get tough on crime by putting killers to death: a federal crime bill that expands the number of capital offenses (its passage seems assured after a compromise forged last week); Gov.
It was not an illogical fear, Wills said, arguing that historically, after the Romantic movement freed artists from dependence on official benefactors, many became inherently subversive.
The London bombings also came just a day after Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin of Israel and King Hussein of Jordan signed a peace declaration in Washington, further enraging Islamic extremists who oppose peace with Israel.
Why close our school?'' No one forgets the inequities in resources: the school system of the early 1950s in Wilmington that spent $65.72 a month on its black students while spending $168.73 on whites, the old school books that went to the black school after whites finished with them.
You don't find black folk longing to go to the North anymore, but up there they're always talking about wanting to go South, wanting to go home.'' After the Baptist church service in Smithdale, after Jack Morgan had even the white folks hollering over his shouting, sweating, stomping gospel rendition of ``The Little Country Church on the Hill,'' after a parade of black and white ministers had said that the service should be a beginning, not an end, everyone spilled outside.
New York Harbor is so big, its coastline so varied, its bottom so changing that 90 percent of angling success is a result of finding the fish, ``hitting 'em where they are.'' Year after year, there are rocks and jetties, tidal flats and channels where bait thrives and bass and blues feed.
``In my profession, I needed something to take my mind off work; fishing does that,'' he said shortly after I met him last fall.
Each of these was a period in which one party had just gained control of Congress after many years in the minority.
``Rarely has mindless partisanship been more blatantly on display,'' concluded Ted Koppel after surveying a video replay of the moment in which the Democrat Maxine Waters yelled at a Republican antagonist to ``shut up.'' And that was one of the good parts.
And indeed, not long after she finished her sentence for tax evasion and mail fraud, she dismissed three executives at Helmsley-Noyes, another real estate management company under Helmsley's umbrella -- David M.
Helmsley, who spent 18 months in prison, one month in a halfway house, and two months under strict curfew in her own penthouse apartment on Central Park South after her conviction in 1989, herself closed down the New Jersey office a few years back.
It is this fear, among other things, that has led to comparisons with Salman Rushdie, the Indian-born writer who remains under round-the-clock police guard in Britain years after Iran's Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini called on Muslims to kill him for what the ayatollah deemed blasphemy against Islam.
``This is a nightmare,'' Fern Mallis, the executive director of the Council of Fashion Designers of America, said as she hailed a cab Monday after Klein's show in the cavernous Sony Music Studios on West 53d Street at 10th Avenue.
``When you send a guy to Harvard and F.I.T.,'' he said, referring to Bartlett's alma maters, ``this is what you get.'' Attending Joseph Abboud's runway show in the grand ballroom of the Pierre on Wednesday right after Bartlett's was like participating in a seminar on the semiotics of glamour.
The show began only after Linda J.
(HarperCollins, $24.) A woman tries to cope after an act of violence destroys her perfect family life.
The experiences of women after the deaths of their mothers.
	(Pocket, $6.99) A mother and her teen-age 	daughter go on a spree after winning 	$60 million in a lottery.
	The author examines the arguments of those who insist that the Nazi campaign of genocide against the Jews never happened, tracing them from the pro-German statements of former isolationists after World War II to ``scholarly'' attempts to debunk the Holocaust in the United States today.
Nau has been booking her tours through Linli Travel in Tarzana since December, after seven years at another agency.
He may sleep with his mother and try to kill her, and be accused of rape after a fumbling attempt at sex with a neighborhood girl, but throughout ``Spanking the Monkey'' Ray maintains the comic likability of classic coming-of-age heroes.
Davies was sent the script after the film's writer and director, David O.
But the director admits that he had reservations about casting Davies after seeing his audition on videotape.
Russell said his producers and other advisers ``had to disabuse me of that over-attachment to the young Dustin Hoffman picture, and I'm glad they did.'' Not only did Davies sustain the understated humor that runs through the film, the director said, but ``he was obsessively meticulous.'' When filming the sensitive mother-son scenes, Russell said, ``Jeremy was constantly double-checking and asking, `Is this real?' '' In the end, the director decided that he didn't want a young Dustin Hoffman after all.
Ang Lee's new movie, which opens on Wednesday, just a year after his ``Wedding Banquet'' made its debut, begins with an explosive scene: four and a half roller-coaster minutes of stir-frying, chopping, wrapping and slicing that leave the viewer dazed with anticipation.
Scorsese appears again, as a screen mother who prepares a nice meal for her son and his friends, ready to eat after killing a rival and stuffing him into the car trunk.
By contrast, the men attending the Prince who will wake her up after her 100-year nap are Regency fops who are especially nasty to the Prince's old tutor.
But Louis XIV after 1810 is an anachronism.
Soon after discovering Muriel's greed, he realizes that he would rather be with the waitress he has tipped with half his winnings.
And just as Aphrodite suffered the wrath of her husband (and the gods) after her tryst with Ares, countless mismatched screen lovers have endured revenge from enraged third parties.
He has the hots for me, and soon you're going to have the hots for him.'' While ``Threesome'' purports to be a hip triangle, after one three-way sexual encounter, the movie concludes with the standard solution: each person goes off alone.
But after all, changing channels by hand also qualifies, and produces more startling results.
In response, after a pause, the image becomes animated and answers, sometimes volubly, occasionally irritably.
In them, he not only plots the musicological curve of jazz's development but sketches a world in turmoil after Reconstruction, with all the racial ambiguities, shifting identities, restlessness and contrast of cultures that found their supreme esthetic expression in jazz.
The flamboyant pianist who once wore diamonds pinned to his underwear ended his life in the alien corn of Los Angeles convinced he was under a voodoo curse, after an epic cross-country automobile trip during which he nearly froze to death.
The New Age he is after is attainable.
(FOR RELEASE SUNDAY, JULY 31)  (BC-TONAL-MUSIC-$ADV31-NYT) In Prague after the Velvet Revolution, it was easy to get lost on familiar streets.
The Gottwald metro station, named for the dark overlord of the Czechoslovak Communist revolution, was rechristened Vysehrad, after the noble rock featured in Smetana's ``Ma Vlast.'' A similar process has been going on in American academic music departments in the last decade, as the ideology of Serialism has lost its stranglehold.
The year after Martin Luther King Jr. was murdered, Penn attended a music convention.
Asked why he decided to record another album after such a long hiatus, Penn is typically low-key.
In 1986, he bought a dental practice in Manhattan after the dentist had retired.
Miles, a business consultant for dentists in Virginia Beach, Va., said many clients come to her after business falls off or a major employer moves away.
``The younger doctor might pay one-half after two and a half years and the rest at retirement,'' Ms. Miles said.
She worked with Kacie on the ``New Era Computer Company,'' which doubled its sales after increasing spending for advertising.
SEEKING SATISFACTION IF THERE'S NO QUICK FIX  (BC-CAR-SMART-LEMON-ART-$ADV31-NYT) The first state ``lemon laws'' were passed a dozen years ago, to provide legal remedies for consumers with relatively new, problem-plagued cars that are not fixed after repeated repair attempts by a dealer or manufacturer.
``It's in everybody's interest if the problems are resolved internally, rather than through arbitration.'' Although state laws differ, a lemon is generally defined as a new car, van or light truck with a significant defect that has not been successfully repaired after at least four attempts or is in the shop at least 30 days; the name derives from the bad taste such vehicles leave in their owners' mouths.
It was not until 1982, after statutes were passed in Connecticut and California, that buyers obtained officially sanctioned recourse when the safety, use and value of their cars were impaired.
If you decide to take action under a lemon law, remember to find out how much time you have after the ``triggering event'' -- the first manifestation of the problem you want fixed.
But after the sloping shoulders, floppy fabrics and mismatched patterns, designers are putting the suit back together again.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Since the suit is now seen as an international male uniform, it is hard to realize what a modern and forward-thinking idea it was when men first turned tailored backs on the fancy attire of the ancient regime after the French Revolution.
Many well-toned women don't take them off after the gym but conspicuously wear them to the grocery store or dry cleaner.
And I was delighted to see my mother's favorite, Harry Lauder's Walking Stick (twisted hazel), the shrub named after Scotland's beloved baritone.
Among its daring features is the well-known golden garden, planted after the National Trust for Scotland inherited Crathes in 1951.
``I'm not sure I know we know now,'' Barbakow said in an interview this month, shortly after the company agreed to pay $379 million as part of a settlement of charges of kickbacks and fraud at its psychiatric hospitals, which generated 16 percent of the company's revenue last year.
``He absolutely was what the company needed.'' Soon, after a rash of asset sales and settlements with insurers, employees privately began calling Barbakow ``Monty Hall,'' after the host of ``Let's Make a Deal.'' Barbakow had a powerful incentive to work fast.
It took two years, but after a pantheon of Hollywood wannabes kicked at MGM's skeletal remains, Barbakow pocketed $30 million from the sale.
More recently, after a stint as a toy maker at Lucas Toys, which is now defunct, Thorpe, who is based in Fairfax, Calif., north of San Francisco, decided to focus his unique talents on something even more important: building a robotic, radio-controlled vacuum cleaner.
But after they were marked down to $999 recently, 50 were quickly sold.
Well, that's essentially what Harvey Golub is about to do at the American Express Co., a little more than a year after taking over as chairman and chief executive of the giant financial services business.
When Golub was named president of the company and head of its card business in 1991, the card operation was rapidly crumbling after a decade of explosive growth, with tens of thousands of cardholders canceling their accounts each week.
The fight began two years ago when Haagen-Dazs, long known for its ``smooth'' ice cream, went after Ben & Jerry's market by introducing its own versions ``chunky'' ice cream, dubbed ``Extraas,'' like Triple Brownie Overload.
 (BC-ICE-CREAM-ART-2NDTAKE-$ADV31-NYT) Last spring Ben & Jerry's, famous for its chunky ice creams with zany names like Cherry Garcia (cherry-and-chunk chocolate flavor named after Jerry Garcia of The Grateful Dead rock band), retaliated with its own smooth varieties.
Then, in 1985, six months after the founder of Haagen-Dazs, Reuben Mattus, sold out to Pillsbury (now a subsidiary of Grand Metropolitan), the Smiths sold Frusen Gladje to Kraft Foods for an undisclosed sum.
Like the Menendez brothers, Lyle and Erik, who inherited $14 million after they killed their parents in 1989, Simpson could be close to bankruptcy by the time his trial is over.
The Menendez brothers won mistrials from their separate juries after presenting a complex defense, and they face a second trial next year.
San Bartolome had captured Eendracht only after a chase, and the stunned crew of Mauritius was praising God for victory and escaping toward home on the wind caught by its one remaining sail.
I became intrigued by the battle -- and by the possibility of finding San Diego -- after reading the accounts of the ships' commanders.
Work began in January 1992, after typhoon season.
San Bartolome had captured Eendracht only after a chase, and the stunned crew of Mauritius was praising God for victory and escaping toward home on the wind caught by its one remaining sail.
I became intrigued by the battle -- and by the possibility of finding San Diego -- after reading the accounts of the ships' commanders.
Work began in January 1992, after typhoon season.
(HarperCollins, $24.) A woman tries to cope after an act of violence destroys her perfect family life.
The experiences of women after the deaths of their mothers.
	(Pocket, $6.99) A mother and her teen-age 	daughter go on a spree after winning 	$60 million in a lottery.
According to Hanson, she briefed Bentsen the day before and the day after a Feb.
``I'm not casting aspersions on Jean, but all this is Jean's recollection that seems to unfold after this became controversial.'' The source said Bentsen knew about the statute of limitations but not about a White House meeting to discuss it.
Hanson said, ``I believe Mr. Altman suggested that I speak with Mr. Nussbaum.'' Altman said last week, ``I have no recollection of asking Ms. Hanson to brief the White House.'' Gramm and other senators are eager to hear Altman's account, even after four letters he sent to the committee amended and clarified his Feb.
``I think Roger Altman bears a heavy burden of trying to explain to us all these inconsistencies between what he said on February the 24th and what he has done and said and what others have done and said before and after that date,'' Gramm said.
Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine said Sunday that he plans to decide on its ingredients by Monday, send an outline to all senators Tuesday, and introduce it formally after staff members finish drafting the legislative language.
Bill Bradley) after the insurance premiums for her and her husband, a self-employed contractor, rose by $5,600 in less than four years.
And he has at least three other movies lined up soon after that, including the choice role of the Riddler in ``Batman Forever.'' Seated in a suite on the top floor of a hotel near Beverly Hills, the 32-year-old performer said that he was trying to keep some control over his life, but that it was hard.
``I don't know,'' he said, after a pause.
Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine said Sunday that he plans to decide on its ingredients by Monday, send an outline to all senators Tuesday, and introduce it formally after staff members finish drafting the legislative language.
Bill Bradley) after the insurance premiums for her and her husband, a self-employed contractor, rose by $5,600 in less than four years.
The offer price on average has been 53 percent higher than the stock's trading price the day before the announcement, up from 36 percent last year, according to the Securities Data Co. So the stock price of the target company tends to run up immediately after the announcement, though not always to the amount of the bid, reflecting the possibility that the deal might not be completed.
So there is, without a shadow of a doubt, risk.'' Conservative investors should nail down a gain, possibly by ``selling half of their shares when the stock opens after the bid,'' said Robert Gordon, president of Twenty-First Securities, a money management firm.
A somewhat conservative investor in QVC might have chosen to shed half his holdings after the first announcement and half of his remaining stake after each subsequent report.
CLINTONS, GORES SCORE IN TRUMAN'S HOME TOWN  (BC-HEALTH CARE BLITZ-KAN) It's rare for any community to have the opportunity to see and hear the president, vice president and their wives speaking one after the other in a coordinated lobbying effort.
Christian schools were taken over by the government after the revolution.
He disappeared three days after Dibaj was freed, and, 11 days later his body, covered with stab wounds, was turned over to his family.
This will now presumably have to wait until after the listings ban is lifted.
Popovic estimated that on the basis of individual and mass executions he personally witnessed, close to 3,000 Muslims from around Vlasenica (pronounced vlah-sen-EET-sah) lost their lives at Susica after the Bosnian war began in April 1992.
The existence of the camps -- including Susica (pronounced sue-SEE-chah) -- has been known since August 1992, when, four months after the war began, the Omarska and Kereterm camps near Prijedor and Banja Luka were uncovered.
Increasingly troubled after Susica closed, he said he deserted the Bosnian Serb army and fled from Vlasencia on Jan.
The men replied that the arrests amounted to no more than an administrative procedure and that her sons would return shortly after reports had been filed.
``The two Mehmedovic boys were executed in June 1992, after being taken to the Susica camp,'' he said.
Ibro Memisevic, a former Caterpillar representative in Vlasenica who fled the town on April 11, 1992, and now lives in Tuzla, recalled that after the Croatian war broke out in 1991, Yugoslav army maneuvers were held in the nearby Bosnian town of Han Pijesak.
The week after that, the government plans its quarterly sale of debt, the auction of some $40 billion in new 3-year and 10-year Treasury notes that can make the bond market stumble.
The company took off after 1986, when he hired professional managers, he said, and now has 300 stores throughout Asia and $350 million in annual sales.
There has been a total corruption of the moral code.'' Lai, who said he plans to stay after China takes over, heaved his work-shirt-clad shoulders.
Big losses are looming, he said, ``though you can't know if they are coming this quarter or next, or even some time after that.'' Like many other large insurance companies, Cigna declines to estimate its liabilities for claims arising from environmental clean-ups, saying that legal battles over those cases are so inconclusive that estimates are impossible.
Ms. Frank considers the show weak, although she expects it to have high initial ratings because of its scheduling after ``Seinfeld,'' NBC's biggest hit.
Ms. Frank considers the show weak, although she expects it to have high initial ratings because of its scheduling after ``Seinfeld,'' NBC's biggest hit.
She died after suffering a stroke, her family said.
Iraq paid a heavy price for defying a series of Security Council resolutions after it invaded Kuwait four years ago.
A U.S.-led coalition forcibly evicted its troops after pummeling its infrastructure.
Last November, after years of obstructionism, Baghdad abruptly began cooperating with U.N. arms inspectors.
The U.N.'s main goal after the war with Iraq was to insure dismantling of its mass-destruction weapons.
In May, the company gave the go-ahead to In Style, a celebrity magazine, after a market test of three issues.
``But one of the ways that we planned on growing here after we decentralized our operations was to challenge our individual publications to see how they could expand their franchises.'' The decentralization, put into place in September, gave individual magazines far greater autonomy.
``Those steps I took out of both my vaults made the difference,'' said Miller after the competition in the Lenin Sport and Concert Complex.
The first phase would be roughly patterned after the Persian Gulf war operation, with the United States in command of what might be an international force, although it is not clear what other countries would contribute troops and how much the operation might cost.
Meanwhile, administration officials are still lining up support among countries in the Caribbean and elsewhere for a force that would follow the initial troops, mainly Americans, into Haiti after the military rulers step down voluntarily or are forced out.
The second force would help maintain security after the Americans leave.
Christian schools were taken over by the government after the revolution.
He disappeared three days after Dibaj was freed, and, 11 days later his body, covered with stab wounds, was turned over to his family.
``Every year they release two liberal Democrats in the wild here so they don't become an endangered species,'' said Kaye, 36, a first-term state representative who grew up on Long Island and moved to Georgia after going to college in Florida.
``These people want safety, and they believe big cities have failed and are controlled by people who are incapable of delivering goods and services,'' said Gingrich, who narrowly survived the Republican primary two years ago when he first ran in Cobb after Georgia legislators redistricted the state.
John Greaves, a gay resident who became a spokesman for opponents of the county, left the county after living there for four years, he said, because of harassment and threatening phone calls.
Our history is marked by evangelical religious movements in wave after wave.
The dollar rose above 100 yen last week for the first time in a month after rumors swept currency markets that a deal in the government contract dispute might be pending, contrary to the conventional wisdom here and in Tokyo.
In making Sunday's accusation after the talks broke down on Saturday evening, the administration showed a willingness to continue confronting Japan despite possible damage to diplomatic relations and despite the continuing political turmoil there.
A man was arrested when he punched, bit and slapped his woman after accusing her of rumpling another man's bed sheets.'' 	-- ``Assault.
(She) habitually scrawls daily to-do lists on the back of her hand -- Demi's number, a reminder to buy a Wonderbra.'' 	-- Vogue magazine's description of 	JOHNSON FINISHES ALCOHOL PROGRAM 	``They live in separate houses,'' said Mintz, ``they don't talk to each other, they're represented by legal counsel, and they're sharing time with their children independently.'' 	Johnson decided to get help after a serious driving accident in Aspen on June 1, said actress 	``Jesse was wearing his seat belt because that's what I've pounded into him since he was able to get into a car,'' she said.
The NASA report is to be ready by February, after which Brown and his allies will lobby for the creation of a federal early warning program, beginning in the budget for the 1996 fiscal year.
Brown, a physicist by training, became interested in the collision issue after an asteroid estimated at up to a half mile in diameter crossed Earth's path in 1989 at uncomfortably close range, coming within six hours of hitting.
Astronomers discovered the asteroid only after it had whizzed by the planet.
A man was arrested when he punched, bit and slapped his woman after accusing her of rumpling another man's bed sheets.'' 	-- ``Assault.
(She) habitually scrawls daily to-do lists on the back of her hand -- Demi's number, a reminder to buy a Wonderbra.'' 	-- Vogue magazine's description of 	JOHNSON FINISHES ALCOHOL PROGRAM 	``They live in separate houses,'' said Mintz, ``they don't talk to each other, they're represented by legal counsel, and they're sharing time with their children independently.'' 	Johnson decided to get help after a serious driving accident in Aspen on June 1, said actress 	``Jesse was wearing his seat belt because that's what I've pounded into him since he was able to get into a car,'' she said.
That was three weeks after he had won the Preakness.
And that was two weeks after he ran sixth in the Kentucky Derby.
``He got a bit jostled around going into the first turn, but it worked out all right because he got into a good position after that.
But after three-quarters of a mile, the stage was set.
A month after the Clinton administration's May 26 decision to continue China's most favored nation status with virtually no conditions, despite its spotty record on human rights, the Indonesian government shut down three of the country's most influential magazines and broke up a protest in Jakarta over the closure.
In mid-April, more than 100 workers and labor campaigners were arrested after strikes and demonstrations.
Barry was a longtime civil rights worker before he was first elected mayor, in 1978, and he still draws strong support from many of the same groups he served after he arrived in Washington in 1965: middle- and lower-income blacks, especially the elderly, the young, the unemployed and others who feel a sense of alienation from the system.
One night after they lost a ninth-inning lead, the Mets gained a good measure of redemption Sunday, beating the Pittsburgh Pirates, 6-4, with a spirited four-run rally in the ninth.
Dyer (1-1) was defended by his manager after he became the scourge of 24,308 at Three Rivers Stadium in one-third of an inning.
The machine, operated by a French soldier, swung around, trying with each methodical maneuver to move more than 1,000 cloth-wrapped bodies under a dirt ledge so they could finally be covered after days in the sun.
What was thought to be a group of six dead people in the dirt of Kibumba on Saturday turned out to be six live people after someone noticed a twitch in an arm.
A few days later, after protests by free-press organizations, African National Congress supporters, and a curious public, the network wavered again, and decided to show all three episodes on Saturday night.
``Before a strike, it takes 15 votes; after a strike, it takes 21 votes.'' That juncture would be a critical time for his own position, Reinsdorf said.
Milosevic waited until after the foreign ministers threatened to tighten sanctions against Serbia to make his first public statement on the peace proposal, in which he urged the Bosnian Serbs to accept the deal.
Sarajevo's battlefront went quiet Sunday after Bosnian army and Bosnian Serb militia forces squared off in the heaviest firefight in months on Saturday night.
Given the difficult hand we were forced to play, we played it about as well as you can.'' Said Wilson spokesman Dan Schnur: ``The spectacle of one of the state's top elected officers bad-mouthing California's fiscal health can't help but hurt matters.'' Said James Lynch, a longtime muni bond follower who writes an advisory letter: ``It is abhorrent (for Brown and Davis) to bad-mouth their state during a major financing that is crucial to the future of the state.'' Several days after the presentation, Moody's and Standard & Poor's downgraded the state's credit ratings, meaning that additional interest must be paid out.
Several days after that, a $4 billion financing went through, but only because $3.9 billion of it was backed by a bank syndicate, which as you can imagine, doesn't come cheap.
If you're (begin ital)really(end ital) after controversy, try Louisiana, where Lazard Freres and First Boston gave half their fees from a bond deal to an African-American-owned bond house that did no work but whose owner had ties to Gov.
They are, after all, the state's top financial officers.
Brown could have been fully supportive of Wilson's budget, but that would have been politically outlandish; she must, after all, run against the guy.
A few days later, after briefing the White House, Ms. Hanson informed Altman in writing that she had done so, that she had also spoken to Bentsen about it and that she had asked the RTC to keep her informed.
SCOOTER TALKS CIRCLES AROUND THE HALL COOPERSTOWN, N.Y.  (BC-BBO-BERKOW-COLUMN-NYT) Somewhere in his acceptance speech into the Baseball Hall of Fame Sunday on a hot day behind a school beside a cornfield, like something out of ``The Field of Dreams,'' and with who knows how many thousands of people, because a lot were sitting, many were standing and many others lolled on the hilly grass, somewhere in that speech Phil Rizzuto, speaking without notes and without what sometimes seemed a semblance of rhyme or reason -- not that anybody in the loving, laughing audience seemed to care, least of all the Scooter himself, who in his inimitable and wondrous digressions and ramblings actually began with ``Holy cow!'' since it took him 38 years after the end of his baseball career in 1956 to finally make the Hall of Fame.
Anyway, somewhere in the speech he told about leaving his home in Brooklyn, N.Y., for the first time when he was 19 years old and going to play shortstop in the minor-league town of Bassett, Va., and he was on a train with no sleeper, and he got his first taste of Southern fried chicken, and it was great, and it was also the first time that he ever ate -- ``Hey, White, what's that stuff that looks like oatmeal?'' -- and Bill White, his onetime announcing partner on Yankee broadcasts, whose first name, like all the Scooter's partners, he never seemed to learn, even though he knows the first and last names of a lot of the birthday celebrants he forever is announcing and the owners of his favorite restaurants, even though, as he admits, he often talks about them rather than the score or the game, but after 38 years of announcing games and after a 13-year playing career with championship Yankee teams few seem to care about this either, well, White was in the audience and stood up and said ``Grits.'' ``Grits!'' announced Rizzuto.
It was at Cooperstown in an exhibition game during induction week in 1966 that Carlton was called up to the St. Louis Cardinals after having been sent down to the minors to pitch on that day to the Minnesota Twins, and he struck out 10 batters in seven innings and went on from there to strike out more batters than anyone in baseball history outside of Nolan Ryan and also performed the amazing feat in 1972 of winning 27 games for the Philadelphia Phillies, a forlorn, last-place team that won just 59 games altogether that season, and he also said another old Phillie, Richie Ashburn, should be in the Hall of Fame.
-- oh, yes, Carlton said that he didn't talk to the news media because he needed to focus on pitching and couldn't be distracted, something Rizzuto never minded, and after about 20 minutes of his 30-minute confabulation, Rizzuto said that if his voice held up -- it was getting hoarse, and he was also embarked on combat with a few flies at the podium -- that he could talk for a long time and if anybody wanted to leave they could, and Yogi Berra and Johnny Bench, laughing like everyone else, got up and started to walk out, and Rizzuto explained, ``They took so many balls in the mask.'' Someone in the crowd asked whose birthday it was, and Rizzuto, looking natty in his blue blazer and silver hair, mentioned Ruby Sabattino, ``who is getting along in age,'' he said, ``and was a little under the weather and couldn't make it up to Cooperstown and, oh, the cannolis, the cannolis came last night -- a day without cannolis is like a day without sunshine!'' And then he said that this was the last part, and he had written something down and adjusted his glasses and said he can't read it and doesn't want to start crying, though he knows it's OK in a situation like this -- just before him was the actress Laraine Day accepting for her late husband Durocher, often a bad actor on the ball field, and beside her their son, Chris, who broke down when he said it was unfortunate that his dad couldn't be here for this honor but felt ``my father stands here with us because he got time off today for good behavior.'' Rizzuto was able to read now, gravel-voiced and emotional, and said: ``I had the most wonderful lifetime any man can possibly have.
These are among the hidden best sellers, books that sell tens or even hundreds of thousands of copies year after year but for various reasons do not make any lists.
Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine said Sunday that he plans to decide on its ingredients by Monday, send an outline to all senators Tuesday, and introduce it formally after staff members finish drafting the legislative language.
Bill Bradley) after the insurance premiums for her and her husband, a self-employed contractor, rose by $5,600 in less than four years.
These are among the hidden best sellers, books that sell tens or even hundreds of thousands of copies year after year but for various reasons do not make any lists.
Most answering machines pick up after two or four rings.
If the caller is someone in the machine's directory, an out-going message tells the caller to talk after the beep.
During the discussion, the diary said, Bentsen also recalled the political lessons he had learned after news accounts in 1987 made public a club he had formed as a senator in Texas, in which lobbyists paid $10,000 each to his re-election campaign in exchange for a monthly breakfast with him.
Shortly after the articles appeared, Bentsen disbanded the group and acknowledged that he had made ``a doozy'' of a blunder.
Ito after pieces of the testimony were publicized by some news organizations, includes testimony that suggests that prosecutors may try to portray Simpson as a scorned, possessive man whose jealous rage turned to violence, resulting in the bloody slayings of Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ronald L.
There is also testimony in the transcript that Simpson, who had a cut on his left hand when arrested, told investigators initially that he did not know how he got the cut, then later said he had apparently injured his hand somehow while in Los Angeles on June 12 and then had reinjured it on the morning of June 13 when, after flying to Chicago overnight, he broke a glass when notified of Mrs.
What the transcript provides is an insight into the anger and frustration her admission caused among prosecutors as they pushed for an indictment of Simpson a few days after the slayings.
His efforts to draw the Nation of Islam leader, Louis Farrakhan, into the fold of mainstream black leadership have angered some, while those with ties to labor were stung by his support for the North American Free Trade Agreement after the board voted to oppose it.
She was let go after only a few weeks and late last year threatened to file a discrimination and sexual harassment suit against the organization because of acts -- whose details she has declined to make public -- that she attributed to Chavis.
Given the difficult hand we were forced to play, we played it about as well as you can.'' Said Wilson spokesman Dan Schnur: ``The spectacle of one of the state's top elected officers bad-mouthing California's fiscal health can't help but hurt matters.'' Said James Lynch, a longtime muni bond follower who writes an advisory letter: ``It is abhorrent (for Brown and Davis) to bad-mouth their state during a major financing that is crucial to the future of the state.'' Several days after the presentation, Moody's and Standard & Poor's downgraded the state's credit ratings, meaning that additional interest must be paid out.
Several days after that, a $4 billion financing went through, but only because $3.9 billion of it was backed by a bank syndicate, which as you can imagine, doesn't come cheap.
If you're (begin ital)really(end ital) after controversy, try Louisiana, where Lazard Freres and First Boston gave half their fees from a bond deal to an African-American-owned bond house that did no work but whose owner had ties to Gov.
They are, after all, the state's top financial officers.
Brown could have been fully supportive of Wilson's budget, but that would have been politically outlandish; she must, after all, run against the guy.
(The distinction will last until 1996, when Nolan Ryan is due to ascend to the Hall.) In a 15-minute speech in which he called ``concentration and focus the key to success on the mound,'' Carlton touched only lightly on his strained relations with the press, drawing guffaws when he said that being voted in by the writers was ``like Rush Limbaugh being voted in by the Clintons.'' But for all the glory of being the only new member of the Hall of Fame selected this year by the Baseball Writers Association of America, and only the 25th player selected in his first year of eligibility, which begins five years after retirement, Carlton did not have to be reminded that the vast majority of the throng that applauded him had come to cheer someone else.
The range of Rizzuto's appeal could be measured in the faces of the fans he attracted, from the McGettigan twins, Katie and Chrissie, who were born six years after the Scooter retired in 1956, to 81-year-old Dominick (Kelly) Corio, who played sandlot ball with Rizzuto in Glendale, N.Y. His presence, Corio suggested, was a reminder of how far it is ``from Cooper Avenue to Cooperstown.'' The part of the ceremony honoring Durocher brought forth some of the sharpest emotions of the day.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Although Durocher was so embittered at being repeatedly passed over for selection that he asked his heirs to refuse the honor should it be offered after his death, there was only one veiled reference to his frustration.
On Saturday in Doubleday Field, at a diamond to die for just down the street from the Hall of Fame, several hundred people watched the Oneonta Yankees beat the Pittsfield Mets, 5-4, after right fielder Brian Buchanan, the Yankee organization's top draft choice, knocked a two-run home run over the left-center field fence into Helen and Tony Orlando's backyard.
Yet soon after taking the job, he ran afoul of the politicians and other advocates of alternative medicine who had lobbied for creation of the office.
McGee, only two strokes back at the start of the final round, posted a 73, which put him in a tie for fourth with Isao Aoki of Japan; Jimmy Powell, the co-leader with Trevino after the first round, and Terry Dill, who had a 67.
While on the ninth green on Saturday, Sigel, one of the country's greatest amateur players, told a rules official that he had seen his ball move after he had placed his putter behind the ball but had not yet taken his stance.
But that changed this morning when the tour's tournament director, Brian Henning, after discussing the incident with Sigel, told him about a half-hour before he teed off that under the rules, a one-shot penalty had to be assessed.
Some of the linemen were simply just going after the wrong defender.
The maneuvering, which comes after another collapse in the long-running trade talks, is expected to drive down the value of the dollar against the yen.
In the fourth inning, Rockies pitcher Jim Czajkowski hit batters on back-to-back pitches -- this just three days after Rockies star Andres Gallaraga had his season ended when he was hit on the wrist by a pitch -- and both benches and the bullpens came to the middle of the diamond.
``I'll probably sleep 12 hours tonight,'' she said after the U.S. beat Germany, 2-1, in a game that shouldn't have been that close.
It is here that patients have frequently been brought after growing violent and endangering other patients or staff members.
``We see program after program come through Washington, and urban areas in general and New York in particular get ignored,'' said Rep.
It could receive more after that only if it met a series of tests showing that it was moving toward assuring that violent offenders served 85 percent of the imposed sentences -- a goal that it is nowhere near meeting now, in part because of prison overcrowding.
In a perverse spirit of commercialism and convenience, the two towns, 60 or so miles apart with the Catskill Mountains between them like the filling of a hearty sandwich, will each play host to a 25th anniversary version of the famous Woodstock concert the weekend after next.
(The first Woodstock ended up in Bethel after another town, Wallkill, also turned down the promoters and a Bethel dairy farmer, Max Yasgur, offered his property.) Saugerties, 100 miles up the Hudson, has attracted a growing community of artists, outdoors enthusiasts and second-home buyers from the city.
And though it's quiet after dark, it doesn't shut down.
``It'll certainly bring in more advertising than the town could pay for in a million years.'' The Tamayos moved to town full-time from New York City seven years ago, after spending many summer vacations there.
``Maybe after this one we won't be.'' 
What lies ahead for Holy Bull after the Travers?
But after Monday's fifth race, those were the only questions that remained.
It really was the place to be seen, but they were also interested in seeing each other.'' The old club is operating today, more than 70 years after a small group, including the great player May Sutton Bundy, paid $11,000 for some acres near Melrose and Cahuenga.
He'll obviously rise higher after his performance in Toronto.
He can allow other rookies to hold it, but they must give it back to him after the day.
For here in Jordan, if she is his wife, she doesn't have the right to an affair.'' When asked if a woman who killed her husband after finding him with another woman could similarly be acquitted for defending her honor, Kloub paused and then said, ``No comment.'' The Abequa case has set off an international tug-of-war, as New Jersey prosecutors, with the backing of the State Department, have requested that he be returned to their custody.
That was the Dodgers' plight Sunday afternoon at Dodger Stadium, as pitcher Ramon Martinez was struck in the palm by a line drive, catcher Mike Piazza was whacked in the arm on a batter's follow-through and third baseman Tim Wallach hit the deck after bumping into Martinez.
Preferring instant gratification to player development, they made loopy deal after loopy deal.
Asked about Hanson's statements that she briefed him before and after a Feb.
King's Blade covered 6 furlongs in 1:08 3/5 -- after pushing fractions of :21 4/5 and :44 3/5 -- and paid $20.60.
The trainers, who face fines or suspensions, contend the drug was ingested after jimson weed, which produces scapolamine, accidentally became mixed with horses' feed and bedding.
``We think we have a very compelling case that this is a food-source contamination,'' said attorney Donald Calabria, suggesting the jimson weed was present in the trainers' barns or in the horses' receiving-barn stalls after their races.
When UC Davis veterinarians conducted an experiment with three horses and scapolamine at Mandella's request, the horse who was force-fed the biggest dose had to be euthanized after developing an intestinal problem.
