He's very stuck on this,'' Andy Brack, Hollings' press secretary, said late Wednesday, after Clinton's remarks.
Then, after the election, lawmakers would come back into full session and vote on the pact.
Phil Gramm, R-Tex., have sought to delay the vote until after congressional elections.
One of those being questioned in the strangulation and possible rape of the New Jersey woman, Carol Ann Artutis, was a 30-year-old homeless man from Jersey City with a long history of drug arrests who referred to her in conversations with the police as ``my lady.'' Both the homeless man, who was arrested for selling heroin shortly after the estimated time of Ms. Artutis' death, and another man being sought in New Jersey had had violent relationships with her, police said.
But while the rat-catchers go after a rodent population that some say outnumbers India's population of at least 850 million, doctors, pharmacists and epidemiologists have reported using computer-operated electronic mail systems to exchange information on the latest plague suspects, to order drugs, and to catch up on the latest developments in plague research elsewhere in the world.
There have been cases of striking courage among doctors and others confronted with the disease, and other instances, particularly in Surat, the epicenter of the epidemic, where professionals with badly needed skills joined the exodus of hundreds of thousands of people who fled in panic after the first deaths.
On Monday, after more than 100 plague patients had fled the New Civil Hospital, apparently fearing they were doomed if they remained among others who were dying, the Indian government deployed scores of heavily armed troops around the hospital to prevent further escapes.
But Wednesday, that action was cast in a new light by newspaper reports that one of the government's most senior plague experts, Dr. S.J. Rehman, had fled the Infectious Diseases Hospital in New Delhi on Monday after contracting the plague, complaining, like the fleeing patients in Surat, that the hospital was too dirty.
 (BC-PLAGUE-INDIA-2NDTAKE-NYT) As deputy director of the government-run National Institute for Communicable Diseases, Rehman was among medical experts who toured Surat at the weekend, and developed a cough and high fever after returning to Delhi, the front-page accounts appearing in several nationally circulated newspapers said.
``I feel I am doing something for mankind.'' A decision to more than double the city's ratcatching staff, recruiting another 120 workers, was among the first steps ordered by Bombay officials after the first plague suspects appeared in the city over the weekend.
The assassination of Jose Francisco Ruiz Massieu, the party's secretary general, came just six months after a gunman shot and killed the party's presidential candidate, Luis Donaldo Colosio, and it shocked Mexicans who had been hoping that the country's recent problems with violence and instability had begun to subside.
Massieu was shot after getting into his car after a meeting with successful legislative candidates of the Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI.
Massieu, a rival of Zedillo when he stepped into the presidential race after Colosio's death, had since became a crucial political ally.
The Mexican stock exchange, located not far from the site of the shooting, recoiled after news spread that another violent death had rocked the government.
If anything, their antagonism deepened on Wednesday after a senior official in Rabin's Labor Party, assigned to rewrite the party's platform, recommended that it drop existing clauses opposing a Palestinian state and an Israeli withdrawal from the Golan Heights, captured in 1967 from Syria.
There is a widespread perception overseas that settlement construction came to a halt after Rabin replaced Yitzhak Shamir of the Likud Party in 1992.
Right after his election, Rabin froze the Shamir government's plans for 6,700 new apartments in the territories.
The company's consideration of a sale of its equity in Jamont comes after it paid $575 million in cash in July to double its ownership in that company to 86.4 percent from 43.2 percent.
The two rivals concluded their exhibition season by playing an extra five minutes at Byrne Meadowlands Arena after a 2-2 deadlock in regulation.
``It doesn't matter if the season starts on Saturday or not,'' Chorske said after Wednesdayy's practice.
But Wednesday's market may have little to do with any change in investor sentiment after the Fed's non-action.
Cincinnati Milacron, a machine-tool maker, rose 2 1/2, to 26, for example, after a Merrill Lynch analyst raised her recommendation to intermediate `buy` from `above average.' Andrew Corp., a supplier of telecommunications equipment, rose 3 3/4, to 48 1/4, after it got a large contract to supply television-broadcast antennas to the Fox network.
The American depository receipts of Telefonos de Mexico, often used by institutional investors as a proxy for the Mexican stock market, fell 1 1/8, to 63 1/4, after a top official of the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party was shot and killed.
MORE THAN 800 LOST IN BALTIC FERRY SINKING TURKU, Finland  (BC-FERRY-SINKING-ART-585-(2TAKES)-NYT) More than 800 people were missing and feared dead after an Estonian ferry capsized and sank in a stormy Baltic Sea just before 2 a.m. Wednesday in one of history's worst ferry disasters.
Most of the passengers presumed lost were Swedes returning home on the overnight ferry after a day of shopping and sightseeing in Tallinn, the Estonian capital.
According to survivors, the ferry sank quickly, disappearing beneath the waves less than half an hour after the first sign of trouble.
The first rescue vessel reached the area about an hour after the distress call went out.
In 1987, a Filipino ferry, the Dona Paz, was engulfed by flames after colliding with an oil tanker.
Then, as she became despondent, she was pulled aside and told that her husband was alive after all and had been picked up by another ferry.
Nannery, Morgenthau said, testified that they ``observed a man coming down the stairs when a bag of cocaine fell from the individual's waistband.'' ``In fact,'' he continued, ``our investigation showed that this was a `key job': Nannery and his corrupt colleagues actually recovered the drugs only after illegally seizing the man's key to the apartment and letting themselves inside.'' McGauley, the other sergeant arrested on Wednesday, was said by investigators to have known of the faked radio and 911 calls but did not report them even though he was one of the most senior officers in the precinct in charge of monitoring potentially corrupt activities.
``Our investigation,'' Morgenthau said, ``disclosed not only that there was no such sighting, but also that more than $10,000 was stolen by corrupt officers after their illegal and unauthorized search.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
PRESIDENT VOWS APPROVAL OF GLOBAL TRADE ACCORD WASHINGTON  (BC-TRADE-CONGRESS-490(2TAKES)-NYT) President Clinton vowed Wednesday to keep Congress in session for as long as it takes to approve the global trade agreement after a key Senate Democrat, Ernest Hollings, threatened to block a vote on the pact.
Failure to pass the accord could imperil the president's economic diplomacy and would be another legislative defeat after health care's demise.
Casey, who ran the agency from 1981 to 1986, and former FBI Director William Webster, who took over after Casey died in 1987 and served through 1991.
To Woolsey's credit, he's doing some of this, sometimes reluctantly.'' He said the CIA's mission was in question, given the drift of much of U.S. foreign policy after the Cold War, and that the agency needed an overhaul.
Researchers say that chrysotile rarely, if ever, causes mesothelioma, an uncommon cancer of the chest lining that usually kills its victims within one year after diagnosis.
JUDGE DENIES MOTION TO INTERRUPT JURY SELECTION LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-TRIAL-HNS) Presiding Judge Lance Ito decided Wednesday to seat a jury as swiftly as possible in the O.J. Simpson murder trial despite prosecutors' arguments that news coverage of an evidence admissibility hearing could lead to ``jury contamination.'' Ito denied a prosecutors' motion calling for interruption of jury selection, even though attorneys will have to requestion the panel they eventually choose after the pivotal ``Kelly- Frye'' hearing.
The judge expected to have the needed pool of more than 300 potential jurors by the end of day after screening a larger group throughout the week for hardships that would preclude jury service.
Eric Jefferson, a 43-year-old worker, complained that ``the few days off you get aren't really days off -- after working 11 days in a row, you need the day you get to take care of your business.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
Now the hearing will happen only after the jury is picked, and prosecutors will have to take the case to conclusion no matter what Ito's decision.
They would be forced to go without the DNA, and without it, their case goes down the toilet.'' Additionally, holding the hearing after the jury has been picked effectively allows the Simpson jurors twice to consider defense attacks on the all-important scientific evidence, currently the only evidence tying Simpson to the crime scene.
Ickes, the deputy chief of staff, has taken command of political operations that would normally have gone to Joan Baggett, the political director, who is now expected to leave after the November elections.
Even when she finally won the office and the access that she had been denied, after a last-minute heart-to-heart talk with the president, there was still an understanding that she would be staying on only until the end of the year.
Women chortled at the abrupt way Panetta came a cropper after letting Ms. Myers twist in the wind for so long: He requested a resume from McCurry, a task McCurry assigned to an aide, who mistakenly faxed the resume to Ms. Myers's office rather than Panetta's.
If the stress goes on unabated, then after a week or something like that, you decide if treatment should be considered.
Wolpe's advice to people encountering such reactions is to ``by all means, seek more treatment.'' After all fatal incidents, and less frequently after injury accidents, Metrolink engineers have a chance to speak to psychologists contracted by the company.
I don't understand it.'' Yerkes called his father, who is retired from engineering, after the accident in May.
Ickes, the deputy chief of staff, has taken command of political operations that would normally have gone to Joan Baggett, the political director, who is now expected to leave after the November elections.
Even when she finally won the office and the access that she had been denied, after a last-minute heart-to-heart talk with the president, there was still an understanding that she would be staying on only until the end of the year.
Women chortled at the abrupt way Panetta came a cropper after letting Ms. Myers twist in the wind for so long: He requested a resume from McCurry, a task McCurry assigned to an aide, who mistakenly faxed the resume to Ms. Myers's office rather than Panetta's.
``Relations between our nations are moving forward at full speed,'' Clinton said at a joint news conference in the East Room of the White House after the signing of documents pledging cooperation on economic and security matters.
Second, Yeltsin appears to have regained his stride and his exuberance after having seemed off-balance for months following the attempt to oust him a year ago.
	The boy apparently died trying to save his sister, who authorities said was deaf and incapable of speech, from flames that erupted in a complex of temporary shelters constructed from metal freight containers after unidentified attackers spread gasoline from two 5.5-gallon cans and set the fuel alight.
	ROME (NYT) -- The government of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi faced a test of wills with the labor movement Wednesday after union leaders called a general strike to protest an austerity budget they depicted as hitting the old and the sick.
``Relations between our nations are moving forward at full speed,'' Clinton told reporters, noting that the agreement to beat the deadline of 2003 for destroying hundreds of nuclear warheads under the 1992 START II agreement will ``make the world safer for all of us.'' Yeltsin, seizing on the nuclear issue as an example of the new ``spirit of partnership'' between Moscow and Washington, said the destruction of the missile warheads after the START II treaty is ratified by the two countries sometime next spring will ``give mankind hope that our generation will be, for sure, living in peace.'' Under the START II agreement, both countries are required to reduce their nuclear warheads to around 3,000 each over the next nine years.
They patted each other on the back after the signing ceremony, and Yeltsin apparently felt comfortable enough to joke with Clinton and reporters during the event.
Other assembly members who went underground in Haiti after the 1991 coup emerged from their hiding places Wednesday to take part in the opening session, enabling both houses of parliament to achieve a quorum for the first time in more than a year.
The value of such notes plunged this year after the Federal Reserve began raising short-term interest rates.
Though dealers lowered their bids on these securities after interest rates jumped in February, the Community Bankers fund did not mark down its holdings in the hope that the problem was only temporary.
Yeltsin put their arms around each other as they left the East Room after signing agreements Wednesday.
(David Scull/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT12) SAN FRANCISCO -- September 28, 1994 -- MALCOLM-LIBEL-SUIT, 9-28 -- Writer Janet Malcolm, left, leaving court after jury selection in a retrial of a libel suit by Jeffrey Masson, right, a psychoanalyst.
``Even if it means a special session in the Senate after the election, I will do whatever I can to pass GATT this year,'' an angry Clinton declared at a White House news conference.
Ernest Hollings, D-S.C., said he would bottle up the trade pact in the Senate Commerce Committee, which he chairs, until after the Nov.
He's very stuck on this,'' Andy Brack, Hollings' press secretary, said late Wednesday, after Clinton's remarks.
Then, after the election, lawmakers would come back into full session and vote on the pact.
Phil Gramm, R-Tex., have sought to delay the vote until after congressional elections.
Goodenow had strongly suggested Tuesday in Toronto, after eight hours of bargaining, that the union regarded the newest proposal as unacceptable.
Yeltsin put their arms around each other as they left the East Room after signing agreements Wednesday.
(David Scull/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT12) SAN FRANCISCO -- September 28, 1994 -- MALCOLM-LIBEL-SUIT, 9-28 -- Writer Janet Malcolm, left, leaving court after jury selection in a retrial of a libel suit by Jeffrey Masson, right, a psychoanalyst.
It concludes a refund program started in 1989 after the California Public Utilities Commission ordered Pacific Bell to give back $7 million to 390,000 customers.
We were entering a period of calm, after the elections,'' said Arturo Sanchez of Mexico City's Institute of Political Studies.
Both Zedillo and Salinas, whose sister was married to Ruiz Massieu, rushed to the Hospital Espanol where the political leader, his shirt ripped open and soaked with blood, was taken after the shooting.
In May of 1993, drug traffickers were accused of murdering Roman Catholic Cardinal Juan Jesus Posadas Ocampo after they mistook him for a rival drug cartel leader.
Yeltsin put their arms around each other as they left the East Room after signing agreements Wednesday.
(David Scull/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT12) SAN FRANCISCO -- September 28, 1994 -- MALCOLM-LIBEL-SUIT, 9-28 -- Writer Janet Malcolm, left, leaving court after jury selection in a retrial of a libel suit by Jeffrey Masson, right, a psychoanalyst.
Yeltsin put their arms around each other as they left the East Room after signing agreements Wednesday.
(David Scull/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT12) SAN FRANCISCO -- September 28, 1994 -- MALCOLM-LIBEL-SUIT, 9-28 -- Writer Janet Malcolm, left, leaving court after jury selection in a retrial of a libel suit by Jeffrey Masson, right, a psychoanalyst.
Yeltsin put their arms around each other as they left the East Room after signing agreements Wednesday.
(David Scull/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT12) SAN FRANCISCO -- September 28, 1994 -- MALCOLM-LIBEL-SUIT, 9-28 -- Writer Janet Malcolm, left, leaving court after jury selection in a retrial of a libel suit by Jeffrey Masson, right, a psychoanalyst.
She lost her own garment job in 1989 after she tore some shoulder tendons.
The Department of Labor is holding garment makers responsible for tens, sometimes hundreds of thousands of dollars if their contractors fail to provide minimum wages, overtime or, after a shutdown, back pay.
Coming a week after he was bitingly criticized by other Republicans for not detailing an economic plan, Pataki said he would cut the top income tax rate by 25 percent over four years and reduce the number of people paying that rate.
``The other candidate does not have the same credibility,'' Cuomo said of Pataki after announcing a child-health program in Harlem Wednesday.
There is a risk for Pataki in modeling his plan after Mrs.
Wednesday, London's campaign said they were reviewing Pataki's new plan and would not comment on it until after they have met with Pataki, possibly Thursday or Friday.
But after a first reading of the filing, Martin Nussbaum, a partner at Shereff, Friedman, Hoffman & Goodman, Japonica's lead counsel, offered a general observation: ``When you take all of this together, it constitutes a massive diversion of value from Borden to the partners of Whitehall Associates.'' Nussbaum was referring to the legal entity established by Kohlberg, Kravis to acquire Borden.
That would put a vote far beyond Congress' scheduled adjournment in mid-October, forcing lawmakers to return after the November elections, if the president so decides, or start the approval process over next year.
He sought the Democratic nomination for president in 1984, but dropped out after losing several early primaries.
The group, only the second to be admitted as a team, after the 1938-39 James Madison High School squad from Brooklyn, N.Y., was honored at a dinner at the Chemical Bank headquarters on Park Avenue along with seven individual inductees.
The fallback tactic, mentioned Wednesday by the president, is to keep the Senate in session, at least officially, through elections so that the 45 days elapse and the Senate is forced to vote after elections.
No senior officials from outside the city even paid a visit for six days after the first reported death.
He died of complications after heart surgery, said his daughter Alice LeMaistre of Bethesda, Md. LeMaistre, who was born in Lockhart, Ala., established the firm LeMaistre & Partlow in Tuscaloosa, Ala., after graduating from the University of Alabama School of Law in 1933.
Ickes, the deputy chief of staff, has taken command of political operations that would normally have gone to Joan Baggett, the political director, who is now expected to leave after the November elections.
Even when she finally won the office and the access that she had been denied, after a last-minute heart-to-heart talk with the president, there was still an understanding that she would be staying on only until the end of the year.
Women chortled at the abrupt way Panetta came a cropper after letting Ms. Myers twist in the wind for so long: He requested a resume from McCurry, a task McCurry assigned to an aide, who mistakenly faxed the resume to Ms. Myers's office rather than Panetta's.
There were the many years of devotion to the Dodgers, the scores of prospects scouted and signed, the wins and losses and pennants and world championships, and the immediate ouster after an unfortunate interview.
Fred Claire, Campanis' successor after the infamous ``Nightline'' interview, may not be working again by then.
	``We're not where we want to get yet,'' said Michael Rawlings, president and chief executive, who dismissed Fowler, ``and to get there, I feel we need new leadership.'' Fowler ``did a good job reaching this plateau,'' he added, ``but someone needs to help us reach the next level.'' 	Rawlings said Fowler's dismissal was unrelated to the agency's loss after 53 years of the Haggar Apparel Co. account, which left in July for for Goodby, Silverstein & Partners in San Francisco.
The governor gamely recalls his inability to hit a curve ball, his father's opposition to such a career and his permanent departure from the game after a beaning.
	Rosenbaum resigned from the ticket after the primary and endorsed the Republican candidate, George E.
But we're almost in October, there's a tough campaign going on over there, she supports Pataki, and she would prefer that any meeting with Governor Cuomo would happen after the election.'' 
It's far more sensible to have an agreement.'' O'Malley said he hopes talks will resume shortly after union chief Donald Fehr concludes his regional meetings with players next week.
Ms. Bartoli, who became the overnight darling of the opera world after her New York recital debut in February 1991, appears as the antithesis of the grand, temperamental prima donna.
A few hours after her plane landed at Kennedy Airport on Monday, the diva did not so much waltz as bounce onto the stage at the Grace Rainey Rogers Auditorium of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, where she was the evening's subject in an interview series conducted by Matthew Gurewitsch; she impishly smiled at the audience over jokes and broke into spontaneous song in mid-sentence to illustrate her musical points.
Offstage, she wears little makeup, giggles readily and infectiously over several octaves, and seems so genuinely affable and forthcoming that even hard-boiled critics and writers confess to feeling hopelessly protective after meeting her.
Though he had worked with many opera singers who made recordings after conventional stage careers, Raeburn found in the mezzo ``a developed and complete finished artist at a much earlier age.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
Last year, after a grueling schedule that included a hastily arranged August tour in Japan, the exhausted singer had to cancel many of her September engagements.
As he has done with Clinton and other world leaders in recent months, Shrontz is expected to have a private meeting with Yeltsin after giving him a VIP tour of the plant.
Susan Fine, director of real estate for the authority, said work on the project could begin next year, after review by city and state preservation officials.
If the stress goes on unabated, then after a week or something like that, you decide if treatment should be considered.
Wolpe's advice to people encountering such reactions is to ``by all means, seek more treatment.'' After all fatal incidents, and less frequently after injury accidents, Metrolink engineers have a chance to speak to psychologists contracted by the company.
 (BC-RAIL-DEATHS-2ndtake-LADN) Yerkes called his father, a retired railroad engineer, after the accident in May.
Yeltsin's Ilyushin-96 airplane is expected to touch down at Paine Field near Everett, Wash., shortly after 11 a.m. PDT, said Bill Stafford of the Trade Development Alliance of Greater Seattle.
Brown and other U.S. government officials are expected to hold a news conference after Yeltsin departs.
He was hit about 1:30 p.m. Wednesday near Olympic and Montebello boulevards after he disregarded a lowered gate and flashing lights, said Peter Hidalgo, a spokesman for the Metrolink.
Eight hours earlier in suburban San Fernando, another man was hit after jumping in front of an oncoming train in what officials said was an apparent suicide.
Last Friday in suburban Northridge a man walking down the middle of the tracks was hit near Balboa Boulevard after ignoring a train's horn.
The leadership failed to discipline or ground Holland, a native of Suffolk, Va., after multiple violations of aircraft flight safety rules over a three-year period, according to the accident investigation report compiled by the Air Combat Command, the parent organization of Fairchild at the time of the crash.
Mark McGeehan, commander of the 325th Bomb Squadron at Fairchild, attempted to have Holland permanently grounded after he almost crashed during a low-level maneuver at the Yakima Training Center on March 10.
The report comes just four weeks after Air Force officials recommended that six officers be court-martialed in response to a friendly fire incident over northern Iraq in which two F-15 fighters accidentally shot down two U.S. Army Blackhawk helicopters ferrying U.S. and United Nations observers, killing 26 people.
In the co-pilot's seat was McGeehan, who squadron members said had taken the airshow rehearsal mission because several squadron fliers had refused to fly with Holland after previous incidents, according to the report.
``Wing leaders took no corrective action'' other than oral reprimands after several incidents, the report stated.
 (BC-BIZGLANCE-NYT) The Economy 	The GATT global trade accord appeared imperiled after a key Senate Democrat, Ernest F.
	Copper prices pulled back from Monay's four-year high, after the Comex raised the deposit required to buy contracts.
The Canucks may have trouble skating down the ice under the weight of the lucrative contracts they signed after they were surprise Stanley Cup finalists in the spring.
Outlook: The Canadiens will miss former captain Guy Carbonneau, dispatched to St. Louis after 13 seasons in bleau, blanc et rouge.
Outlook: The Jets have a history of bouncing back after poor seasons.
The settlement, which was reached two days after the full suit went to trial in U.S District Court in Providence, R.I., calls for Brown to continue what the women have formally accepted as equitable treatment with men's teams and for the women to drop their claim that Brown had given its women's teams short shrift in the past.
Prosecutors had sought a delay in general jury questioning until after DNA evidence issues are resolved to ensure the jury could not be prejudiced by publicity generated by the proceedings.
Ito said he was unwilling to prolong the jury selection process any longer than necessary, and indicated he would quiz jurors after the DNA hearing to determine their what they may have heard.
``We're going to ask them, when they go to the supermarket, don't pay attention to the tabloids; when they go back to work, not to stand around the water coolers as people talk about this case.'' Hodgman said a one-day hearing to quiz jurors about what they know after the DNA hearing could not ensure they had not been tainted.
Prosecutors had sought a delay in general jury questioning until after DNA evidence issues are resolved to ensure the jury could not be prejudiced by publicity generated by the proceedings.
Ito said he was unwilling to prolong the jury selection process any longer than necessary, and indicated he would quiz jurors after the DNA hearing to determine their what they may have heard.
Hodgman said a one-day hearing to quiz jurors about what they know after the DNA hearing could not ensure they had not been tainted.
Last Friday, the Police Department announced it had begun an internal investigation to determine whether anyone in the department was the source of ``leaks and inaccurate reporting in the news media.'' The investigation was begun after Simpson's lead defense attorney Robert Shapiro suggested that police were the source of a KNBC-TV report last week that DNA testing found Nicole Brown Simpson's blood on socks at Simpson's house.
Perhaps still hung over from a couple losses to Hawaii, one to Fresno State and another to San Diego State, the conference is weak after the first five teams.
POLICE SHOOT 16-YEAR-OLD WHO HAD A TOY PISTOL NEW YORK  (BC-NY-TOY-GUN-NYT) A 16-year-old who, the police said, pulled a toy 9-millimeter handgun from his belt after being chased by three plainclothes officers, was shot and critically wounded Tuesday night in a driveway behind his apartment building in the Bedford-Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn.
But neighbors in Brooklyn whose apartments overlook the driveway said they heard the police shoot Jamiel Johnson immediately after shouting for him to halt, and the teen-ager's relatives said he would never carry a gun.
Nicholas Heyward Jr., 13, died early Wednesday after being shot Tuesday by a housing police officer at the Gowanus Houses A police spokeswoman, Detective Lisa Guerriero, said Johnson was shot once in the stomach at 11 p.m. Tuesday outside 1330 Fulton Street by Officer Robert Rodriguez.
``My personal favorite is the one that the Akita did it,'' said Verbeke, referring to Nicole Brown Simpson's dog, which was found running loose after the slayings.
Shelp, who was hired by the Los Angeles city Fire Department shortly after the blaze, had been placed on an administrative desk job during the investigation and remains there.
Dave Taylor, who has retired after 17 seasons, was to be honored.
He was screaming at less-than-marginal players about ``asthma fields'' and cutting a fumbling Curvin Richards and sometimes even screeching after victories.
``Some people want me to come in after a ballgame and just cuss everybody out.
It's his greatest performance since his infamous Olympian trash-can toss after Barry Switzer was hired to be head coach.
If that's ever the case, it should be overcome by all the time I spend after practice catching balls.
In addition, the Jaguars and Panthers will be awarded seven supplemental selections in the 1996 draft, a move Tagliabue called ``unprecendented.'' ``That is one of the strong parts of this plan -- the expansion teams getting the supplemental picks in '96,'' Tagliabue said after nine hours of meetings at the Omni Mandalay Hotel, including more than two hours of stocking and realignment committee sessions.
The bulk of the work toward divisional realignment will be hammered out in the owners' fall meeting Nov.1 in Chicago after Wednesday's meetings produced little.
He also was unable to hide his emotions after a film tribute to his career and a presentation from the charity.
This may overstate the case somewhat, but it is striking that after flaring in different parts of the country over the past few years, sentiment against the government is currently strongest in the region most closely identified with it.
As intended, Barry's primary victory after he was convicted in a crack cocaine sting shocked and infuriated many white voters, but more than simple racial animosity is involved in this race.
Maverick, now home of only one business, the Maverick Liquor Store, was named after Samual A.
Maverick who came to Texas in 1835 and negotiated the surrender of U.S. troops in San Antonio after succession.
He voluntarily began going on afternoon walks with my husband and me every day soon after he gained weight and had time to consider life past the next meal.
But after he lost a couple of fights with raccoons coming to steal his food out of the garage, he took to the top of the van and let them have dinner at their leisure.
Six months after his death, folks still talk about Grizzard, the down-home newspaper columnist who died at 47 in March after his fourth major heart surgery.
``I am a living example to show after 17 years that early detection is key to survival,'' she says.
African-American women were more likely to seek treatment after the breast cancer had spread, with 30 percent of blacks diagnosed at stage III or stage IV of the disease, compared with 18 percent of whites.
``On that night before he left us,'' Phelps remembers, ``I read Dennis the Angel's final scene -- because it is quite short, after all -- I wasn't sure what his reaction might be.
He is gone, flushed out of our system after five years of playing off the Falcons against the Braves while working on his career as a full-time, major corporate spokesman.
A very powerful one, judging from the craving he has left behind, even after one half was traded to the Cincinnati Reds for a more trouble-free model and the other half skipped off to San Francisco, where the steets are lined with options and bonuses.
If you get there after the first kickoff, you may have to wait three hours for a table.
Family loyalty and its limits make for a compelling subject, but Jason's ongoing devotion to his reckless brother strains belief after a point.
But after a while ``Life'' feels like a Riefenstahl product reel.
Harold Martin, the columnist, inherited her from the famous Atlanta architect and bequeathed her to me, after years of telling touring schoolchildren that I posed for the statue.
Try us again in December.'' Now, I was being told by one nursery after another, including Wayside, that they'd be offering the vine next spring.
Then I sat back on the front porch, looked at the tall, stately tree, with its gray, deeply grooved bark and imagined it hugged by the vine in full flower -- an effect that Julie Harrod, in her book, The Garden Wall (The Atlantic Monthly Press, 1991), describes as ``dramatic, each flowerhead measuring perhaps a foot across and making a good display after midsummer, for a longer period than the (climbing hydrangea's) brief fortnight.'' At a mere foot or so in height, my plant has a long way to go.
Clinton's original counsel, Bernard Nussbaum, resigned after being criticized for going through the office papers of Vincent Foster after the White House deputy counsel's suicide and for talking to Treasury officials about the Whitewater probe.
``To have a federal judge step off the bench after the end of a long, respected career and into this job that might last only two years is remarkable,'' said Lewis.
Schulz, an independent reform advocate who frequently attacks state spending, was approached by the Libertarian Party several weeks ago and asked to run for governor after the its initial candidate, radio talk show host Howard Stern, backed out.
Schulz was bumped from the ballot after Pataki supporters, fearing that a Schulz campaign would hurt their candidate, objected to the Libertarians' nominating petitions.
The objections were withdrawn after Fulani filed a federal lawsuit.
Schulz, an independent reform advocate who frequently attacks state spending, was approached by the Libertarian Party several weeks ago and asked to run for governor after the its initial candidate, radio talk show host Howard Stern, backed out.
Schulz was bumped from the ballot after Pataki supporters, fearing that a Schulz campaign would hurt their candidate, objected to the Libertarians' nominating petitions.
The objections were withdrawn after Fulani filed a federal lawsuit.
Most black conservatives came to the Republican Party after losing faith in the Democratic Party, their home since the civil rights era of the 1960s.
BRITAIN'S LOVE-HATE AFFAIR WITH AMERICA LONDON  (BC-BRITAIN-AMERICA-HNS) Tony Blair, the British Labor Party's new leader, may be one of the rare politicians in the world who believe that modeling themselves after Bill Clinton is a good idea.
BRITAIN'S LOVE-HATE AFFAIR WITH AMERICA LONDON  (BC-BRITAIN-AMERICA-HNS) Tony Blair, the British Labor Party's new leader, may be one of the rare politicians in the world who believe that modeling themselves after Bill Clinton is a good idea.
BRITAIN'S LOVE-HATE AFFAIR WITH AMERICA LONDON  (BC-BRITAIN-AMERICA-HNS) Tony Blair, the British Labor Party's new leader, may be one of the rare politicians in the world who believe that modeling themselves after Bill Clinton is a good idea.
On the weekends, Lulu employs the same videocam he uses for recording drug deals to tape weddings; they're like small islands of social order he can escape to after the weekly chaos of the streets.
``We had an afternoon free in the studio, and after one take, we realized it had come out pretty well,'' he said.
``Doing it was initially a bit of a lark, but it really is such a beautiful song.'' The track accidentally became the band's first U.S. single after a San Francisco radio station got a hold of an import copy from Australia near the beginning of the year.
She is under a lot of stress, especially after two gunmen, the revealingly named Wade (Kevin Bacon) and Terry (John C.
And she continued to get better, week after week, as we shot.'' But ``The River Wild'' is not, shall we say, an actors' showcase kind of piece.
They were told at first that sorry, he is not on the survivor list, but then they were paged and told he was after all.
But the next of kin here today have to come first.'' The flags flew at half-mast across Sweden yesterday, only 10 days after the general election that saw the Social Democrats returned to power.
They were told at first that sorry, he is not on the survivor list, but then they were paged and told he was after all.
But the next of kin here today have to come first.'' The flags flew at half-mast across Sweden yesterday, only 10 days after the general election that saw the Social Democrats returned to power.
They were told at first that sorry, he is not on the survivor list, but then they were paged and told he was after all.
But the next of kin here today have to come first.'' The flags flew at half-mast across Sweden yesterday, only 10 days after the general election that saw the Social Democrats returned to power.
Enter Marie Bonnar (Ms. Thompson), pregnant again after a miscarriage and looking forward to a brief vacation at the hotel, accompanying her husband, Joe (Adrian Dunbar, of ``The Crying Game'' and ``My Left Foot''), on a business trip.
As he has done with Clinton and other world leaders in recent months, Shrontz is expected to have a private meeting with Yeltsin after giving him a VIP tour of the plant.
Whatever the original host of the virus, it seems that a blood-to-blood contact in the rain forest enabled the virus to move into the human world.'' Although some observers worried that Ebola had the potential to become ``a species-threatening event,'' the virus mysteriously subsided in Zaire soon after its emergence, and appeared, at least temporarily, to go ``back to its hiding place in the forest.'' The longest and most dramatic section of ``The Hot Zone'' deals with a suspected incidence of Ebola that broke out more than a decade later among a group of monkeys (imported by a company involved in the sale of laboratory animals) in a Washington suburb, and the all-out efforts of workers at the United States Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases at Fort Detrick in Maryland to prevent its spread.
``So far, laboratory and field tests have given us a very good match for marine environments.'' In a few months, after a required review period that probably will produce some changes in the program, it will become an official government method of calculating damages from future spills.
``So far, laboratory and field tests have given us a very good match for marine environments.'' In a few months, after a required review period that probably will produce some changes in the program, it will become an official government method of calculating damages from future spills.
Just ask actor Johnny Depp, who tattooed ``Winona Forever'' on his arm and then started dating supermodel Kate Moss after breaking up with Winona Ryder.
But there was obviously something there that needed to be checked out.'' Garner believes that the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency probably was alerted after the SOG team report, and sent some of their clandestine mercenaries to the location.
John Kerry (D-Mass), who has led congressional probes into Vietnam-era POWs. Marks, after consulting with congressional investigators, said ``Americans were kept in caves, but it was usually four or five people to a cave.
If you didn't know better -- after reading that she is years past her addiction, thanks to a 12-step program and very good friends -- you'd think that she was two hours overdue for her next fix.
They are the ones who pack the sheds to drink beer after beer and sing along lustily with ``Cheeseburger in Paradise'' and ``Margaritaville''; who wear those ridiculous hats and bask in fond remembrances of the hedonistic 1970s, when they and Jimmy were both a lot younger and wilder; and who turn the evening into a tailgate-party/backyard barbecue/singalong of epic scale.
That led to a real dues-payer, a piano/vocal job in a hotel lounge that Davis said teaches a young singer ``how to get inside a song.'' Jingle and demo sessions came along after a while as Davis' reputation as a vocalist spread.
His father, a U.S. citizen, died just three months after bringing his wife and children up from Mexico.
My publisher wishes I'd forget it.'' Hillerman says it's the third time he's tried to write the novel, although the first two versions were set in the bloody chaos of tribal warfare in the former Belgian Congo after it became an independent nation.
(Richard Pryor, for instance, was hilarious when he was on drugs, and seemed to lose his edge when when he went clean.) With a script co-written by Brooks and the always-reliable Andrew Bergman (``The In-Laws'') and direction by Michael Ritchie (who the diabolically cynical sports movies ``Downhill Racer'' and ``Semi-Tough''), I have a feeling this irony was intended to be the core of ``The Scout.'' But after setting up the situation, the movie does nothing with it.
Now, after dreaming of being an older dad, he gets to play one in his first TV series.
It's even refreshing to catch her delivering such bonehead lines as ``You can't command the river; you let the river command you'' -- especially so soon after her dour performance in Bille August's self-serious ``The House of the Spirits'' (1994).
If the Pac-10 wanted to wipe off a little slime in this matter, here's my suggestion: Use the UW money to pay for a study of scholarship athletes in football and men's basketball after their eligibility expires.
HURGHADA, Egypt (NYT)  (BC-WORLD-BRIEFS-NYT) Hassan Abdou swept the blood of the street where a German tourist fell to his death after suspected Muslim militants opened fire with automatic weapons on a crowded market Tuesday night.
	GENEVA (NYT) -- Soldiers of the new Tutsi-dominated Rwandan government are engaged in the ``coordinated and organized'' killing of Hutu villagers, in some cases dragging them from their homes, and in other instances after finding them hiding in swamps and bushes, according to a report by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
	The report also says that the new government has set up camps where it is detaining people after telling them to come to get food and clothing.
	UNITED NATIONS (NYT) -- The Security Council agreed Thursday on a resolution to lift all international sanctions on Haiti immediately after the return of President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
	STOCKHOLM (NYT) -- A day after a ferry went down in a raging Baltic Sea storm, killing more than 800 people, the ship's owner said it believed the sinking resulted from water rushing into the hold, but that it remained unclear how and where on the vessel the breach had occured.
Add to this an arms dealer who sends his thugs after the prostitute, and life couldn't be more complicated or more deliciously droll.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Thomas literally wakes up a new man after his fall from the window, but others are shedding outdated roles, too.
It's an often fascinating hour, particularly because several of the key people involved speak quite openly, including game show producer Mark Goodson, who was not implicated, but has some devastating insights, and Dan Enright, producer of the game show ``21,'' which is prominently featured in ``Quiz Show.'' Both Goodson and Enright died shortly after being interviewed for the documentary, adding even more weight to their testimony here.
-- Malcolm Mayhew REINVENTED COUNTRY Terry McBride & The Ride ``Terry McBride & The Ride,'' MCA Records 2 1/2 Terry McBride has reinvented himself to the point of self-titling this fourth album on his MCA contract, an odd move after this amount of time.
	DIVIDED-EUROPE (Budapest, Hungary) -- Five years after the fall of the Berlin Wall and the end of the old divisions of Eastern and Western Europe, a powerful but less visible new split has put formerly Communist countries like Hungary and Ukraine into two different worlds.
There are worse things, after all.
And Ms. Streep has occasion to remind audiences that she is, after all, the best American actress of her generation.
Initially disgusted by the baloney coming from the stage, he begins offering informal critiques after a while.
Carlo Di Palma's camera work, blessedly steady after a couple of hand-held Allen experiments, captures a rich, affectionate vision of Broadway in its heyday.
Mac owners who bought machines with System 7 Pro after Aug.
As Kra explained, ``What executive at age 45 is willing to say: `If I leave before age 64, I don't mind if I lose it all?' '' In the corporate world, Section 457 does not apply, meaning the employee benefits are vested after a short time.
A trend with more immediate potential is the growing industrial demand for pure water and the treatment, and recycling, of process water after it has been used.
The mission of the Space Radar Laboratory-2, delayed after an aborted launching attempt six weeks ago, is to be almost identical to one flown in April so scientists can monitor seasonal changes in vegetation and water distribution.
He wonders whether he isn't right to love Charlotte after all, and to suspect that no one else's opinion matters.
, however, added that it is the sense of Congress that the limitation should not apply if the President reports in advance to Congress that the intended deployment of United States Armed Forces into Haiti -- (1) is justified by United States national security interests; (2) will be undertaken only after necessary steps have been taken to ensure the safety and security of United States Armed Forces, including steps to ensure that United States Armed Forces will not become targets due to the nature of their rules of engagement; (3) will be undertaken only after an assessment that -- (A) the proposed mission and objectives are most appropriate for the United States Armed forces rather than civilian personnel or armed forces from other nations, and (B) that the United States Armed Forces proposed for deployment are necessary and sufficient to accomplish the objectives of the proposed mission; (4) will be undertaken only after clear objectives for the deployment are established; (5) will be undertaken only after an exit strategy for ending the deployment has been identified; and (6) will be undertaken only after the financial costs of the deployment are estimated.
The lobbyist said that after he received the invitation, he received notification from a Virginia merchant that the couple is registered for glass and china.
GRENADE ATTACK ON CIVILIANS MARS REINSTALLATION OF POPULAR MAYOR PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti  (BC-HAITI-720&adds-COX) The restoration of Port-au-Prince's popular mayor after three years in hiding was marred Thursday by a grenade attack on a crowd of demonstrators celebrating the return of democracy.
The attack occurred about a mile from city hall, where Mayor Evans Paul had just been welcomed by thousands of supporters as he emerged under U.S. guard after nearly three years in hiding during the military dictatorship.
His departure comes only weeks after Jeffrey Katzenberg unexpectedly quit his post at Disney, leaving that studio also in disarray.
LUKAS-TRAINED FILLY `FLANDERS' IS DISQUALIFIED FROM WIN AT MATRON STAKES NEW YORK  (BC-RAC-FILLY-DRUG-NYT) Flanders, the undefeated 2-year-old filly trained by Wayne Lukas and a leading candidate for the Juvenile championship, was disqualified yesterday from her first-place finish in the Matron Stakes after she tested positive for a therapeutic drug.
But in the routine test after the Matron, she tested positive for the medication isoxsuprine, which is used to improve the circulation in horses with foot problems.
I wonder what Lilith looks like when she lets down her raincoat?'' (The answer: If you like thin women in Gwen Verdon's underwear, pretty good.) 	Casting experts said they doubted Ms. Neuwirth sold tickets, but in the week after she left -- slow because of Labor Day and Rosh ha-Shanah -- box-office receipts dropped from $414,000 to $300,000, more than any other musical.
	DIVIDED-EUROPE (Budapest, Hungary) -- Five years after the fall of the Berlin Wall and the end of the old divisions of Eastern and Western Europe, a powerful but less visible new split has put formerly Communist countries like Hungary and Ukraine into two different worlds.
The irony for Cuomo is that after three terms as governor, he is known for little more than his eloquent speeches in defense of his party's liberal traditions during the Reagan presidency.
So, for sleeping on watch, year after year, the 11, including 6 who have retired, will be punished -- by ``reprimand.'' Woolsey decided that to do anything further, like listen to congressional demands for dismissals, would not be ``the American way and it's not the CIA's way.'' He said that.
Prosecutors and even a couple of senators had asked him to go easy on Gravano because after his long career as a Mafia killer he had turned to an allied specialty -- informing on other Mafia killers.
Kansas City Value Line stock-index futures fell after several upbeat economic reports triggered new fears of inflation and higher interest rates.
They won't get any helpful hints from Minnesota's defense, which is smarting after getting strafed by quarterback Dan Marino last week.
Ruiz Massieu was shot and killed Wednesday after he left a breakfast meeting of PRI leaders in downtown Mexico City.
In May 1993, drug traffickers were accused of murdering Roman Catholic Cardinal Juan Jesus Posadas Ocampo after they mistook him for a rival drug cartel leader.
9, 1995, Nixon's first birthday after his death.
Even after most of 11 years, I remember how it was for Rufus.
They had defended shopkeeper Richard Hale after he got out of bed, walked across a road and fatally shot Floyd Miller, 39, of Grandview, Mo., when Miller allegedly tried to run over Hale in a van.
But nobody's there 100 percent of the time.'' Those intense people hinted to one conservative syndicated columnist after the crime-bill vote that there might be an effort to strip Kassebaum of her seniority on the Senate Labor and Human Resources Committee.
Several large institutional shareholders were apparently persuaded to switch their votes in favor of the deal after a ``road show'' last week in which Huizenga and Redstone promoted the deal's strategic value.
Bernstein & Co. Huizenga, who was said to have wiped away tears after stockholders approved the merger at their meeting in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., said the deal eliminated risks posed by interactive technology.
``We all know that technology will threaten our video business someday,'' he said at the meeting, adding that ``the stock market would have penalized our stock.'' Both stocks slumped after the merger was announced.
The deal looked dead in March after Blockbuster invested $1.85 billion in Viacom to help with its purchase of Paramount.
QUAKE-ALLSTATE (Los Angeles)  (BC-BUSINESS-LADN) Nine months after the Northridge Earthquake, Allstate Corp.
His last two failed drug tests came after he was released from the clinic.
The new headquarters, a complex of four buildings outside Washington, was to have cost up to $347 million, according to figures that the Reconnaissance Office provided after protests by the Senate Intelligence Committee this summer.
Even after many men have ceased participating in athletics, they still can talk about it.
Former Nevada Attorney General Brian McKay joined Lionel, Sawyer after leaving the government in 1989.
McKay is among the candidates to be chief lobbyist in Washington for the American Gaming Employers Association, which was formed after the Clinton administration proposed and then dropped a 4 percent tax on the industry's gross revenue to finance changes in welfare.
That association became important after the Pequots signed a compact with Connecticut in 1991 that allowed it to operate a casino on tribal land.
9, 1995, Nixon's first birthday after his death.
The one before the court involves a 1992 amendment to the Arkansas state constitution saying U.S. House members after serving three terms and U.S. senators after two terms cannot appear on state election ballots but are eligible for write-in votes.
CRIMINAL PROCEDURE -- Phoenix police arrested Isaac Evans in 1991 after a computer check revealed an outstanding warrant for traffic tickets.
Furthermore, even if he does play, they said, it may take a few more weeks after that until he gets back to his Pro Bowl form.
Hampton does have much more increased flexibility (he couldn't even bend down from the waist soon after the injury), but he is still unable to cut hard and run naturally.
Meggett takes a licking and keeps on ticking, but even concrete wears down after the rain constantly beats on it.
Standard & Poor's, which lowered its ratings on one USAir preferred issue Thursday, said it did not believe the company faced an immediate liquidity problem, despite the loss of some revenue after one of its planes crashed near Pittsburgh recently.
U.S. Attorney Lynne Battaglia of Baltimore, Md., said the indictment was the result of a two-year investigation that started after independent tests raised questions about Thermo-Lag's effectiveness.
Owen Harries says in his article that President Clinton's foreign policy, for all its fumbling, is right in seeking ``a sense of realism.'' He says that euphoria after winning the cold war raised the danger of too visionary a policy: the empty rhetoric of George Bush's ``new world order,'' for example.
When the ship Harlan County and its American trainers turned ignominiously away from Haiti a year ago after thugs demonstrated on the docks, Asian leaders openly mocked the U.S. To give up the Haiti mission now would be far worse.
Their actions on the ice in Thursday's practice spoke louder than their words after it.
Shinker, who is 47, left his high-profile job as publisher of the adult trade group at HarperCollins in February after various disagreements with the company's British counterpart and its corporate parent, the News Corp., over issues like the size of celebrity authors' advances.
The decision to expand under the direction of Shinker, a veteran publisher, comes after a very successful year at Bantam Doubleday in which all publishing operations surpassed their financial targets, Hoeft said.
Insurance company losses that were estimated at $2.5 billion three weeks after the Jan.
Insurers are also pushing for federal disaster insurance to prevent insolvency after a major catastrophe and are working with the California legislature for some sort of an arrangement to keep insurance available to homeowners but protect companies from disasterous losses.
One unresolved problem with schemes to create large pools of money for use after disasters is that those funds are subject to federal tax under current law.
In the first half of this year, Allstate lost $835 million after tax from various catastrophes reducing its earnings to $30.1 million from $610 million a year earlier.
``I personally wish that it hadn't come so quickly after what I think was a very negative national debate,'' said John Rother, legislative director for the American Association of Retired Persons, whose state affiliate is supporting Proposition 186.
U.S. AND NORTH KOREA SUSPEND TALKS, CITING LACK OF PROGRESS GENEVA, Switzerland  (BC-KOREA-U.S.-NYT) Announcing a brief suspension of its high-level talks with North Korea after a week of hard bargaining, the United States said on Thursday night that the two sides had made no progress toward implementing last month's agreement to settle their nuclear dispute.
The Bundesbank announced Thursday that it would leave interest rates unchanged for at least two more weeks, leading to speculation that the central bank's next move would be to raise rates after a steady series of rate cuts.
Taken together, the various figures fanned fears that overly rapid growth could revive inflation, and could lead the Federal Reserve to raise short-term interest rates again, perhaps after next week's monthly job report for September, to slow the economy down.
Taken together, the various figures fanned fears that overly rapid growth could revive inflation, and could lead the Federal Reserve to raise short-term interest rates again, perhaps after next week's monthly job report for September, to slow the economy down.
President Clinton lifted most American sanctions on Haiti on Monday, except for those measures specifically intended to punish leaders of the 1991 coup that overthrew Aristide less than a year after he was elected president by a two-thirds majority.
The people of Le Borgne gave journalists two M1 rifles, bullets, army uniforms, belts and a cracked olive green helmet confiscated after Haitian soldiers deserted their posts as words of the U.S. landing spread.
U.S. military officials here are doing a sort of balancing act in trying to bring order to a country after nearly a decade of political unrest.
Hollings had hoped to put off a vote on GATT indefinitely, at least until after the Nov.
Hollings had hoped to put off a vote on GATT indefinitely, at least until after the Nov.
Owen Harries says in his article that Clinton's foreign policy, for all its fumbling, is right in seeking ``a sense of realism.'' He says that euphoria after winning the cold war raised the danger of too visionary a policy: the empty rhetoric of George Bush's ``new world order,'' for example.
When the ship Harlan County and its American trainers turned ignominiously away from Haiti a year ago after thugs demonstrated on the docks, Asian leaders openly mocked the U.S. To give up the Haiti mission now would be far worse.
It also could not guarantee strategic stability while the region struggled with powerful and destructive forces of nationalism unleashed in Serbia, Bosnia-Herzegovina and outlying parts of the former Soviet Union after communism collapsed.
``Five years ago, I could put money from my salary aside in savings,'' said Krzystof Prosowski, a 43-year-old steelworker at a plant outside Warsaw that lost nearly 2,000 jobs after an Italian company bought 51 percent of it.
But many of them do worry about Russia, particularly after a radical Russian nationalist, Vladimir V.
When our economy was at its weakest after the transition to the free market, and our foreign trade limited to the East, the West gave us material aid and many words of encouragement.
The Pentagon had hoped to quickly reduce the American military presence after the initial troop deployments.
The flagship of a Spanish treasure fleet that ran into a hurricane after leaving Havana, the Atocha foundered on Sept.
After searching several buildings, they detained at least two men, one of whom was released after questioning.
Several other people were detained by American forces after specially trained military dogs sent into the crowd found them to be armed.
This is what we are here for.'' The attack in La Saline came less than two hours after the democratically elected, pro-Aristide mayor of Port-au-Prince, Evans Paul, was reinstalled in office in an emotional ceremony at City Hall.
But Paul, who was elected in 1990 but thrown out of city hall less than a year later, also made a plea for reconciliation, saying that ``not all soldiers are bad, not all civilians are good.'' Paul is regarded by many here as the most popular political figure in Haiti after Aristide, and his restoration to office Thursday, which took place under the protection of American soldiers, was hailed by Aristide forces as their most significant triumph since American troops began landing here 10 days ago.
President Clinton lifted most American sanctions on Haiti on Monday, except for those measures specifically intended to punish leaders of the 1991 coup that overthrew Aristide less than a year after he was elected president by a two-thirds majority.
Aside from his propensity to look away when others acted improperly, he was charged this week with perjury for testifying to a grand jury that he searched a car and made an arrest after seeing crack vials on the seat of the driver's car.
Then two weeks after his meeting with Nannery, he said, the girlfriend of a dealer working out of his building came to him to threaten him.
Hitz, told a closed session of the Senate Intelligence Committee that for two years the agency all but gave up searching for the traitor it suspected was in its ranks and that it did not focus on Ames for nearly seven years after he began his betrayals on behalf of Moscow in 1985.
``Yet his managers were content to tolerate his low productivity, clean up after him when he failed, find well-chosen words to praise him and pass him on with accolades to the next manager.'' His laziness and frequent drunkenness ``were observed by Ames' colleagues and supervisors and were tolerated by many,'' Hitz said.
Hitz said suspicions about Ames finally crystallized at the CIA in August 1992, seven years after his spying for Moscow had begun.
GRENADE ATTACK ON CIVILIANS MARS REINSTALLATION OF POPULAR MAYOR PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti  (BC-HAITI-2ndLD-WRITETHRU-720&adds-COX) The restoration of Port-au-Prince's popular mayor after three years in hiding was marred Thursday by a grenade attack on a crowd of demonstrators celebrating the return of democracy.
The attack occurred about a mile from city hall, where Mayor Evans Paul had just been welcomed by thousands of supporters as he emerged under U.S. guard after nearly three years in hiding during the military dictatorship.
SENATORS PLAN RETURN FOR VOTE ON TRADE PACT AFTER ELECTIONS WASHINGTON  (BC-TRADE-GATT-580-(2TAKES)-NYT) Democratic senators made plans Thursday to vote on a global trade agreement in a lame-duck session the week after Thanksgiving.
But the agreement struck Thursday means that vote will not come until after the Nov.
Thursday, in a ceremony at the Treasury Department where he signed a bill to allow interstate banking into law, the president repeated his call for Congress to return after the Nov.
28, the Monday after Thanksgiving.
The two senators agreed that a vote would be taken after a two-day debate the week after Thanksgiving.
Under the rules, once the bill is brought up for a vote, it must be approved or rejected after a brief debate, with no amendments allowed.
As a result, both the bond markets and the dollar plunged steeply after the trade talks broke down.
Negotiators from the House and Senate dropped the attempt to revise the law after House members, who had agreed in recent weeks to some changes demanded by pro-mining senators, said they would compromise no further.
But other industry executives said Fox had been expecting more from its shows this fall, especially after Murdoch spent more than $1 billion to outbid CBS for the rights to broadcast National Football League games.
It's hard after watching the drama of six or seven hours of football to get people to refocus their minds to watch a different sort of another drama.'' He also said it was unreasonable to expect football to lift Fox's Sunday night schedule significantly, since the games lead directly into prime time on only eight or nine Sundays -- and then only in two-thirds of the country.
But other industry executives said Fox had been expecting more from its shows this fall, especially after Murdoch spent more than $1 billion to outbid CBS for the rights to broadcast National Football League games.
It's hard after watching the drama of six or seven hours of football to get people to refocus their minds to watch a different sort of another drama.'' He also said it was unreasonable to expect football to lift Fox's Sunday night schedule significantly, since the games lead directly into prime time on only eight or nine Sundays -- and then only in two-thirds of the country.
Weyerhaeuser Co., the world's largest timber concern, which is based in Tacoma, has put its fledgling operation in Russia on hold after running into numerous problems.
A SURPRISING DEPARTURE BY CHIEF OF SONY PICTURES HOLLYWOOD  (BC-SONY-FILMS-540-(2TAKES)-NYT) Peter Guber resigned Thursday after a five-year tenure as head of Sony Pictures Entertainment that was marked by several film flops, internal turmoil and lavish buyouts of executives.
With Children,'' and ``The Nanny,'' as well as the profitable game shows, ``Jeopardy!'' and ``Wheel of Fortune.'' Guber's departure comes only weeks after another top industry executive, Jeffrey Katzenberg, quit as chairman of Walt Disney Studios, leaving that studio also in some disarray.
In New Jersey last December, the state Board of Medical Examiners placed Brigham under a number of restrictions in his abortion clinic practice in Voorhees after two patients accused him of severely injuring them in the course of performing abortions.
The New Jersey restrictions, among other things, bar him from performing abortions in the state after the first trimester.
``People around here are devastated,'' Kapp said shortly after a post-mortem lunch Thursday with Disney officials.
In a statement issued after Disney's decision to withdraw, Gov.
Kathleen Seefeldt, a member of the county Board of Supervisors and a strong supporter of the Disney project, said the county had expected $11 million to $12 million in new revenue the first year of operation, 1998, and more each year after that.
Then, for this to happen.'' Kapp, who won a second-consecutive two-year term this year after his appointment to office in 1990, said he was especially disappointed because the town will not get a water line Disney promised to provide.
Ito has said he will not decide the matter until after he can digest the 75-page questionnaires each jury candidate has filled out, a task that will occupy lawyers and jury consultants on both sides of the case in the next two weeks, and has asked them additional questions himself.
They wanted compensation for more than the emergency cleanup immediately after the spill.
A National Geographic television documentary on New York's harbor herons, based on the observatory's work, was broadcast nationally several months after the spill.
Whitman, after all but conceding that she would need more time to make her cuts, said that the nearly $650 million scheduled to be cut this year and next has already produced an upturn in New Jersey's economy.
 (BC-BIZGLANCE-NYT) TRADE 	Democratic senators planned to vote on a global trade agreement in a session convened after Thanksgiving.
	COMPANIES 	The head of Sony Pictures Entertainment resigned after a five-year tenure marked by several film flops, internal turmoil and lavish buyouts of executives.
However, astronomers using spectral analysis have had little luck in spotting evidence of water and other chemicals in the explosive clouds that formed after fragments struck.
``There is no prayer of seeing them, because the comet is gone.'' Visible even to amateur astronomers in the days immediately after the impacts, the once prominent bruises left in the cloud tops by the explosions have faded considerably.
ALLSTATE REVISES QUAKE LOSS UP TO $1.3 BILLION LOS ANGELES  (BC-QUAKE-ALLSTATE-LADN) Nine months after the Northridge Earthquake, Allstate Corp.
The Northbrook, Ill.-based insurer, which previously estimated losses of $950 million, said the increase was made after adjusters began to discover additional damage to homes and other structures from the quake.
Analysts said they were surprised that Allstate would make such a major revision so long after the quake, but noted that other insurance carriers have made similar adjustments.
Later Tuesday night, another Brooklyn youth, Jamiel Johnson, 16, was shot by a plainclothes New York City police officer after police said he took a replica 9-millimeter gun from his waistband.
George, who had responded to two reports of shots fired in the previous half hour, had headed for the roof after seeing four youths on top of 423 Baltic.
He shot the promising eighth-grader once through the abdomen as the boy made his way down the staircase shortly after 7:30 p.m. George was taken from the scene in tears.
But with time running out and with the junior season already in full swing back in Kingston, Brett Lindros was keeping a close eye on his watch Thursday after skating alongside his potential teammates in a no-bodychecks-allowed practice that might possibly have been his last practice here.
``There's only one more big fight for me out there after this one,'' Whitaker said.
-- September 29, 1994 -- SONY-FILMS, 9-29 -- Sonys huge investment in Hollywood is being questioned after the resignation of Peter Guber, left, as head of Sony Pictures.
-- September 29, 1994 -- SONY-FILMS, 9-29 -- Sonys huge investment in Hollywood is being questioned after the resignation of Peter Guber, left, as head of Sony Pictures.
-- September 29, 1994 -- SONY-FILMS, 9-29 -- Sonys huge investment in Hollywood is being questioned after the resignation of Peter Guber, left, as head of Sony Pictures.
``It was located by Stanfield hours after he and his brother returned from Houston,'' Anderson said.
Petromelis retired from the Crime Victims Board in 1992 after serving on it for more than a decade and becoming chairman in 1990.
But his 21-year-old daughter rebelled, withdrew from St. John's and three weeks ago eloped with a livery-cab driver from Queens, N.Y. What happened after that was outlined Thursday by District Attorney Robert M.
But Mario Cuomo's desperate, so he's resorted to lies.'' 	Pataki has said that he originally favored abortion rights, then changed his stand after the birth of his first child, but now supports a woman's right to choose.
	A week after Herbert London, the Republican candidate for comptroller, lashed out not only against his Democratic challenger but against the head of his own ticket, here he is as the nice Herb.
Far from it -- the Bengals are 0-4 this young NFL season, this after going 8-24 over the past two years.
The family has weathered -- and been pulled closer together by -- the loss of the family matriarch, Dorothy Shula, who died of cancer three years ago after a 32-year marriage to Don.
``If I want good baseball fiction,'' Olbermann said Thursday, ``I'll watch `Field of Dreams.''' Olbermann wasn't out to besmirch ``Baseball' as a crash-and-Burns mission until quirk after quirk began to smack at his Society for American Baseball Research intelligence.
He didn't really seem to want to get up.'' Probably not, given a brief chance to relax after several frenetic days -- and the apple pies the Gruens stayed up baking until nearly midnight.
Technological progress, after all, is an even more powerful engine of economic change.
Technological progress, after all, is an even more powerful engine of economic change.
Technological progress, after all, is an even more powerful engine of economic change.
In the political race, the contestants are down from four to three after the withdrawal of Douglas Wilder, a Democrat who opted to run as an independent and who now knows (thanks to poll ratings of around 12 percent) just how unpopular he managed to make himself during his four years as Virginia's governor.
In the political race, the contestants are down from four to three after the withdrawal of Douglas Wilder, a Democrat who opted to run as an independent and who now knows (thanks to poll ratings of around 12 percent) just how unpopular he managed to make himself during his four years as Virginia's governor.
In the political race, the contestants are down from four to three after the withdrawal of Douglas Wilder, a Democrat who opted to run as an independent and who now knows (thanks to poll ratings of around 12 percent) just how unpopular he managed to make himself during his four years as Virginia's governor.
Free from its arch-rival, PepsiCo built up what has become its third-largest foreign market after Mexico and Canada.
Free from its arch-rival, PepsiCo built up what has become its third-largest foreign market after Mexico and Canada.
Free from its arch-rival, PepsiCo built up what has become its third-largest foreign market after Mexico and Canada.
If they had been launched, ``there would be nothing left of this state,'' said Yeltsin, who arrived Thursday after talks with President Clinton that produced agreements to step up the pace of nuclear disarmament even without negotiating new treaties.
The missiles are no longer targeted, he said, and Russia is stabilizing again after the upheavals that followed the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991.
As Yeltsin emerged from the Westin after the luncheon, a crowd estimated at about 400 stood along Fifth Avenue, cheering and waving.
This unlikely state of affairs arises after what was, for House Republicans, a fairly spectacular summer.
This unlikely state of affairs arises after what was, for House Republicans, a fairly spectacular summer.
This unlikely state of affairs arises after what was, for House Republicans, a fairly spectacular summer.
``There are new faces and new names, but we're still `The Wrecking Crew.''' Are they as good as the numbers after three games indicate?
As of late Thursday night, the Kings were still scheduled to practice today at 10:30 a.m. -- 30 minutes after Bettman is expected to make his announcement that the openers will be postponed.
Susan Caldwell did not speak to or visit her mother for two years after the killing.
In March, Judge Kilpatrick granted a new trial after doctors testified that Caldwell obviously had Huntington's disease now and almost certainly had it in 1985.
The day after her mother was granted a new trial, Susan Caldwell received the results of a newly developed genetic test that confirmed the fear she'd lived with for years.
And after much soul-searching, she's decided to not hide the fact that she has the disease that destroyed her family.
You'll just have to do your work after dark.' '' Lang also remembers well the day the Rockets manager called.
``I've got to remember to treat people with respect, which is what they teach up there,'' said Barbara Damren, whose son Matt spent 19 months in Cleveland after committing various property crimes.
16, 1989, having lost to Virginia 17-10, the erstwhile Jacket quarterback John Dewberry told a reporter: ``These guys are going to be beating people real soon.'' If anyone felt similarly after Tech lost to Duke on Saturday, that prescient person has managed to hold his/her peace.
The most important thing is the team -- winning and getting back after the disappointment of last week.'' Shula, 64, doesn't like the spotlight shining on his thinning hair when it should be shining on his football players.
``There is disappointment that Dave hasn't won a ballgame and, uh, I hope he gets it going in the near future, starting with the week after Sunday night,'' the father said.
Although some departures are typical after off-year elections, early signs point to a major upheaval in an administration which has already churned up its senior staff three times and replaced the defense secretary.
``There's a broad-based hope that they'll go into 1995, after the elections, with better foreign policy leadership.'' Even the White House has offered only faint defense of Christopher.
They were told at first that sorry, he is not on the survivor list, but then they were paged and told he was after all.
But the next of kin here today have to come first.'' The flags flew at half-mast across Sweden yesterday, only 10 days after the general election that saw the Social Democrats returned to power.
They were told at first that sorry, he is not on the survivor list, but then they were paged and told he was after all.
But the next of kin here today have to come first.'' The flags flew at half-mast across Sweden yesterday, only 10 days after the general election that saw the Social Democrats returned to power.
They were told at first that sorry, he is not on the survivor list, but then they were paged and told he was after all.
But the next of kin here today have to come first.'' The flags flew at half-mast across Sweden yesterday, only 10 days after the general election that saw the Social Democrats returned to power.
Technological progress, after all, is an even more powerful engine of economic change.
Technological progress, after all, is an even more powerful engine of economic change.
Technological progress, after all, is an even more powerful engine of economic change.
In the political race, the contestants are down from four to three after the withdrawal of Douglas Wilder, a Democrat who opted to run as an independent and who now knows (thanks to poll ratings of around 12 percent) just how unpopular he managed to make himself during his four years as Virginia's governor.
In the political race, the contestants are down from four to three after the withdrawal of Douglas Wilder, a Democrat who opted to run as an independent and who now knows (thanks to poll ratings of around 12 percent) just how unpopular he managed to make himself during his four years as Virginia's governor.
Free from its arch-rival, PepsiCo built up what has become its third-largest foreign market after Mexico and Canada.
Free from its arch-rival, PepsiCo built up what has become its third-largest foreign market after Mexico and Canada.
Free from its arch-rival, PepsiCo built up what has become its third-largest foreign market after Mexico and Canada.
This unlikely state of affairs arises after what was, for House Republicans, a fairly spectacular summer.
This unlikely state of affairs arises after what was, for House Republicans, a fairly spectacular summer.
This unlikely state of affairs arises after what was, for House Republicans, a fairly spectacular summer.
AMATEUR SLEUTHS GET A CHANCE TO SOLVE A REAL-LIFE MYSTERY SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-POLICE-SLEUTHS-HNS) It's a little before midnight, and a 42-year-old man is tired after a long day of overseeing work at his Chinese noodle factory in Hunters Point in San Francisco.
18 slaying of Fang, who died after two men robbed him just after he got into his van parked outside his noodle factory at 1051 Quesada St. ``It's like playing `solve the murder case,''' Sanders said.
``The same kind of comments you heard about pasteurization after the turn of the century, you hear about irradiation now.'' J.
But times have changed, and ``a lot of people are kicking and screaming after the horse is out of the barn.'' The deal calls for Areias to sell 3,900 acre feet of water annually for seven out of 15 years from his farm's surface water allocation from the Delta-Mendota canal.
I see him as a person who has lost everything, who has no weapon, who wonders what will happen to him.'' Van Bao's picture, taken after Gideon's plane was shot down 70 miles outside of Hanoi, is one in a series of photos that will be presented starting Thursday night at the Eye Gallery in San Francisco as part of an exhibition titled ``Fighting for Their Country: The Vietnam War from the Other Side.'' The exhibition runs Wednesday to Saturday through Oct.
Bowlers are, after all, extremely competitive.) Then there is the matter of those centurion-like wrist-support contraptions, which are apparently designed to keep the bowler's arm properly positioned while he's flagging down the waitress for a fresh pitcher of beer.
The most important thing is the team -- winning and getting back after the disappointment of last week.'' Shula, 64, doesn't like the spotlight shining on his thinning hair when it should be shining on his football players.
``There is disappointment that Dave hasn't won a ballgame and, uh, I hope he gets it going in the near future, starting with the week after Sunday night,'' the father said.
Mac owners who bought machines with System 7 Pro after Aug.
And if things go badly for the sea lions in the jury room, Judgment Day could come shortly after the first of the year.
The amendment gained support after Unsoeld's efforts last fall to find money to remove the lions temporarily during the steelhead run -- in effect jailing them during the critical time period -- foundered over the projected $1million cost.
``You have to sit at the computer and train yourself.'' Such an arduous task started six years ago, when the Romanian-born Nottea -- new to Los Angeles after a move from Europe -- discovered the future was in computer animation.
Or if it's a dragon game, they are trying to get away from dragons.'' Pearson, who created the computer graphics for Dire Straits' ``Money for Nothing'' music video in the '80s, came up with show idea 10 years ago after spending many frustrating hours on a very large -- and very temperamental -- computer.
She left the business after a few years, but recently returned, in her late 20s.
Most designs are discontinued after a year or two, said Larry Hughes, the president.
He reveals, for example, that he had intended to ignore the 1992 presidential derby because a Bush re-election seemed certain, and later scrambled to get in on the action after Texas maverick Ross Perot jumped into the fray and created the prospect of disarray in a three-way race.
``That is not an easy belief to hang on to after wallowing for 30 years in the belly of a beast that has beaten and broken more good men and women than crack and junk bonds combined.
Cleyera foliage retains its high gloss after greening.
	NATONAL 	CAMPAIGN (Washington) -- Two years after attacking Republicans for holding the White House ``hostage'' to big-money political donors, President Clinton is following their lead.
Last Friday in Wuhan, 45 people were shot after public sentencing, the biggest mass execution in that city since 1983.
According to the Jiangsu Legal Daily, 14 criminals were executed in mid-September in Nanking, ``to assure social security and order before and after National Day.'' 
Last Friday in Wuhan, 45 people were shot after public sentencing, the biggest mass execution in that city since 1983.
According to the Jiangsu Legal Daily, 14 criminals were executed in mid-September in Nanking, ``to assure social security and order before and after National Day.'' 
Behrman sold the company in 1988, shortly after she suffered a serious heart attack.
AT&T's EO and Apple Computer's Newton Message Pad both sold poorly after being introduced last year, partly because they were cumbersome and partly because their ability to recognize handwriting was still flawed.
In the first few years after Notes' introduction in 1990, no rivals were putting out contracts on its life; the program wasn't popular enough for anyone to bother.
The killing shocked Mexico, just beginning to calm after a January guerrilla uprising and the March 23 assassination of PRI presidential candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio, also a proponent of democratic reform.
2 WITH RUSSIA-TIGER-COX 	(NYT8) SIKOTE-ALIN RESERVE, Russia -- September 30, 1994 -- RUSSIA-TIGER-COX-CLR-3, 9-30 -- After being fitted with a radio-collar, the first Siberian tiger ever captured is back on her feet after recovering from the anesthesia and is ready to go back into the forest.
SALOME 	(NYT4) LEIPZIG, Germany -- September 30, 1994 -- GERMANY-LEIPZIG-COX-CLR-3, 9-30 -- Ulrike Poppe, 41, one of the leaders of the East German protest movement, stands next to an exhibition display that shows her mug shot taken by the East German secret police, the Stasi, on December 13, 1983 after 25 hours of questioning.
RUSSIANS TO LAUNCH MURDER INVESTIGATION INTO AMERICAN'S DEATH MOSCOW  (BC-RUSSIA-MURDER-COX) Ten days after finding the body of an American exchange student, Russian authorities on Friday launched a full scale murder investigation on grounds that laboratory tests contradicted an earlier police finding of suicide.
The latest ruling by the Russian procurator's office suggests that investigators are working on the assumption that unknown killers allowed Riccio to fall to his death after someone had tied a rope around his neck.
2 WITH RUSSIA-TIGER-COX 	(NYT8) SIKOTE-ALIN RESERVE, Russia -- September 30, 1994 -- RUSSIA-TIGER-COX-CLR-3, 9-30 -- After being fitted with a radio-collar, the first Siberian tiger ever captured is back on her feet after recovering from the anesthesia and is ready to go back into the forest.
SALOME 	(NYT4) LEIPZIG, Germany -- September 30, 1994 -- GERMANY-LEIPZIG-COX-CLR-3, 9-30 -- Ulrike Poppe, 41, one of the leaders of the East German protest movement, stands next to an exhibition display that shows her mug shot taken by the East German secret police, the Stasi, on December 13, 1983 after 25 hours of questioning.
But after we have done that, we have done our professional best, and then we should step back.'' Even children, maybe especially children, are likely to make different choices about how they will live their lives if they know they carry a gene that can kill them, or seriously affect their health.
It expects to turn the investment into a near $12.5 million profit by selling them to collectors for $25 each after the 10-day flight ends.
As a member of the Armed Services Committee, he spurred the creation of the Pentagon's ``procurement czar'' after a spate of weapons-buying scandals in the 1980s.
The Giants' veteran defensive lineman is a smart and passionate player, and after being elected the team's player representative on Thursday night he wasted no time in taking shots at the way the union does business.
The Giants met with the National Football League Players Association executive director, Gene Upshaw, for over an hour after practice on Thursday night, then the team voted to make Howard, one of the most vocal and respected players on the team, their leader.
The problem, Howard said, was that the only players around in June are free agents who later are cut after two weeks of training camp -- not the regulars like Howard.
That area, known as the red zone, had them red faced, as they kicked field goal after field goal, unable to punch the ball in the end zone.
A small explosive charge sets off the generators one after the other, to inflate the bag in stages and to keep it inflated longer.
Shortly after British rock upstart group Oasis finished belting out its bratty version of the Beatles classic ``I Am the Walrus'' at the Whisky on Thursday, Ringo Starr himself passed through the crowd spilling out of the club onto Sunset Boulevard.
WHEAT FUTURES PRICES CLOSE HIGHER KANSAS CITY, Mo.  (BC-MIDWEST-COMMODITIES-KAN) Kansas City and Chicago wheat futures prices closed sharply higher Friday after the government reported lower supplies of the grain than traders had expected.
Written by David Mamet, ``Texan'' weaves a mystery around an older man (Dabney Coleman in a nice stretch) who suspects that his wife (Dana Delany) has plans to run off with his money after she makes a substantial withdrawal from the bank and lies to cover it up.
It stars the wonderful Mercedes Ruehl and Annette O'Toole as radically different women who forge an unlikely bond after a chance meeting in a grocery store.
The fatal shooting, which came just days after the kidnapping of another popular Berber entertainer, is pushing the Berber ethnic group, estimated to number at least 8 million among Algeria's population of 28 million, to arm itself.
Ait-Ahmed is the head of the Front of Socialist Forces, which after the Islamic movement is the largest political party in Algeria.
Two days after the House approved the State and Local Government Waste Act of 1994, the Senate followed suit Friday, giving Pennsylvania's governor the power cut garbage imports in half by 2000.
The team swung into action after Sen.
``Just because this issue has been put off until after the election doesn't mean that it still isn't a political landmine to some people,'' the official said.
House Speaker Thomas Foley, D-Wash, is still pressing for the House to vote on GATT next Wednesday, but at a Democratic Party meeting on Thursday, a number of rank-and-file Democrats asked him to delay the vote until after the election.
But on Friday, several hours after Jordan unveiled her proposals at a National Press Club lunch and delivered a copy of the commission's first interim report to Congress, Haas and other administration officials were distancing themselves from the idea of a computerized data base.
The authorities said that after some confusion regarding his whereabouts, he had been found in Finland and that he had spoken to investigators.
And while his team was preparing to visit Notre Dame on Saturday, one week after getting pummeled by Arizona, Walsh was comfortable talking for the first time about a possible return to the NFL.
Walsh, known as ``the Genius'' after guiding the San Francisco 49ers to three Super Bowl titles, was left wondering what was happening on the field.
The reason Walsh is so against coaching again at that level, he said, was that he witnessed Paul Brown's return to the league in Cincinnati after a five-year layoff.
We'd thought Washington was concerned about our health, and we got off the bus fast after finding Washington's real concern was the insurance industry.
Caldera took office months after President Carlos Andres Perez was forced out after being charged with corruption.
Shortly after taking office, the Caldera government took steps to control inflation, including cutting the federal budget deficit and imposing price and foreign exchange controls to stem the flow of capital from the country.
Caldera took office months after President Carlos Andres Perez was forced out after being charged with corruption.
Shortly after taking office, the Caldera government took steps to control inflation, including cutting the federal budget deficit and imposing price and foreign exchange controls to stem the flow of capital from the country.
Inventors get 17 years of exclusive rights to the invention after a patent is issued, Clark said.
In Missouri copies of book were distributed to kindergarten class after artist was commissioned to draw shorts on boy.
Advanced placement English class in Lynden, Wash., assigned to read it in tandem with ``King Lear.'' Principal pulls it after parents complain, although their kid is not even in advanced placement class.
Because Congress doesn't like to change election rules in the middle of a two-year campaign cycle, major reforms passed after this year wouldn't affect any election earlier than 1997 or 1998.
``Expert after expert has testified that spending limits not only reduce political speech, they make it much more difficult for challengers to mount successful campaigns against entrenched incumbents who enjoy huge advantages -- high name recognition, the franking (free mailing) privilege, large staffs, and easy access to the media,'' Dole said.
``By the time I was in my 30s, I realized I was losing to the same people I had lost to in my 20s,'' he said, laughing, ``and I thought if I lose to this guy one more time, I'm going to go nuts.'' He still keeps fit, though, with what he calls a maintenance workout, and no doubt he has to as he readies himself for his next novel, which he said will be shorter than ``SOC.'' When told he said the same thing after his last mega-opus, ``Owen Meany,'' he laughed.
But he went a bit further Friday, in remarks after his speech, defending North on a more personal level.
But Ren goes crazy after he exhausts such hermit activities as hallucinating and building a Stimpy statue out of bat droppings.'' Not exactly ``The Smurfs.'' The ratings illustrate that ``Ren & Stimpy'' remains something of a phenomenon.
 (BC-SHUTTLE-HNS) Astronauts got an experimental radar system up and running Friday after the space shuttle Endeavour roared into orbit following a six-week delay.
Shortly after liftoff, the shuttle passed through a cloud of insects, leaving the astronauts with a view reminiscent of a bug-splattered car windshield.
The crew switched on the radar system about 3 1/2 hours after Friday morning's liftoff.
A few days after the Dwyer, Twining was found to have strained a tendon in his right foreleg.
ON CRITICS, COURTS AND COLUMBIA LOS ANGELES  (BC-ROSENTHAL-COLUMN-LADN) Thoughts thought while considering the idea of Chicago naming a street after movie critics Gene Siskel and Roger Ebert, and wondering why the city isn't choosing a two-way street: -- If Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Lance Ito wants jurors who don't know all that much about the O.J. Simpson case, maybe he should use KNBC (Channel 4) reporter Tracie Savage.
-- If sportscaster Bob Costas' performance in ``The Scout'' is any indication of how he would actually announce a World Series, maybe this baseball strike isn't so bad after all.
Here at the lectern, 15 years after he addressed this same group in this same city, Bruce Babbitt assured his audience that Arizona is the only state in which mothers can promise their children with a fair degree of certainty that they will never be threatened by the prospect of growing up to be president.
Others, ruined mentally and physically, were released after months or years to show the population what would happen to enemies of the state.
Rolande Michell was imprisoned here for six months in the late 1970s, after the Tontons Macoute, the secret police, branded him a Communist.
I promised so they would not kill me.'' In 1986, after riots forced Jean-Claude Duvalier into exile, part of the fort was razed by angry mobs.
But the city government in Port-au-Prince decided not to destroy the structure, as many wanted, but to turn the site into a historical monument, like the death camps that were preserved after World War II.
The one before the court involves a 1992 amendment to the Arkansas state constitution saying U.S. House members after serving three terms and U.S. senators after two terms cannot appear on state election ballots but are eligible for write-in votes.
Called the Rhinelander mansion after the grande dame who built it 96 years ago, the little architectural gem can be had for a cool $46 million -- cash and carry.
``We're trying to recapture a feeling we had when we were playing well.'' Here it is, Week5, and the Jets are still trying to focus, still looking for poise, still trying to live up to their expectations as the new Jets and get rid of their image of the ``Same Old Jets.'' Winning clubs don't relax after an opening touchdown drive.
In 1990, after President Bush agreed to raise taxes to reduce the deficit and Republican candidates feared they would suffer at the polls, GOP operatives urged politicians to distance themselves from Bush.
Between them, mortgage-backed and government bond funds had almost 28 percent of all long-term fund assets just after the 1987 crash, and more than 17 percent as recently as late 1992.
Even after he settled in California, his affection for the mural nudged him to return to see how it was doing.
Simms said he hadn't painted in a year, after a crowded life of fashion illustration and portrait painting.
That fame evaporated after two years, when another strong arm finished 46 more, and eventually the record no longer even made it into the book of oddities.
He quit after two years and used his savings, and then some, to finance a trip to Europe.
The Jeep was spotted 15 minutes later at the tollbooth of the Tappan Zee Bridge, and Summers, after a chase that reached speeds of 130 miles per hour, crashed into a barrier at Bronx River Parkway and was caught on foot in a nearby field.
30  (BC-FRANCE-HIV-CASE-NYT) Two years after minor French officials were jailed for knowingly distributing blood contaminated with HIV, the scandal reached a political level Friday when a former prime minister was placed under judicial investigation as an alleged accomplice to poisoning.
Dufoix told reporters after her hearing.
Last year, after the Socialists were drubbed in parliamentary elections, he was forced to step down as party leader.
FRIDAY: Congress adjourns until after elections.
A homeowners policy, after all, essentially pays off 100 to 1 in cash if the house burns down.
Gerry White, the chief financial officer of Air Products, says he became aware of his company's problem only when he ordered what he thought would be a routine audit as a double-check after Procter & Gamble announced its big loss.
She is a warrior who is reborn in an orange tree centuries after the Spaniards have killed her.
Shortly after starting work in an architectural firm, Lavinia finds herself espoused through a new lover to the revolutionary movement.
It's a world of real danger, and Lavinia becomes involved by degrees after the opportunity appears, uninvited, at her door.
``The American experience is foreign to the taking of innocent human life.'' Casey, who plans to continue to vocally oppose abortion after he leaves office, said other major court decisions have not had the same effect on American society as abortion.
and tears us apart'' two decades after the court decision, Casey said.
The Aristide supporters, who had been marching peacefully after an early morning Mass, ran for their lives when gunmen opened fire near the headquarters of FRAPH, a pro-army militia that has vowed to prevent the return of Aristide from exile in the United States.
He retired from political work after Robert Kennedy's assassination, and mostly writes these days.
NOVEMBER PROSPECTS GRIM FOR DEMOCRATS WASHINGTON  (BC-CONGRESS-OUTLOOK-840(2Takes)-TEX) Two years after they captured the White House and promised to end government gridlock, Democrats are scrambling to avoid an election-year meltdown that could force them to give up power in Congress for the first time in four decades.
Mike Andrews, a Houston Democrat who is leaving Congress after 12 years.
Ultimately, there are two ways to look at this rumpled Don Quixote, who two weeks ago announced his candidacy after the withdrawal of the previous candidate of the Independence Fusion Party, a self-described centrist party principally dedicated to throwing the rascals out.
Disappointed he couldn't make it as a professional baseball player, Golisano went to work after high school for a local bank putting bills in packages of 50.
So he suggested going after smaller companies, but his bosses would have none of it.
``I learned it doesn't have to be that confrontational,'' he said after completing his barnstorming news conference here in which, indeed, the Democrats stood mutely and politely to the rear with their protest signs while the old Republican advance man had the microphone and campaigned hard, with nothing more graphic than a fist of exhortation to get out the Pataki vote.
And we will.'' Sandra White, one of the Democrats sent to intercept the Senator here as he used an abandoned corporate headquarters for tele-visual effect, listened carefully after receiving Pataki's disarming welcome and handshake.
U.S.-JAPAN TALKS HEAD DOWN TO THE WIRE WASHINGTON  (BC-U.S.-JAPAN-TRADE-525&ADD-NYT) Japanese and U.S. negotiators swapped proposals late into the night in an 11th-hour push to reach agreements on opening Japanese markets after 15 months of acrimonious talks.
GRIEF AND ANGER IN CITY WHERE 56 FRIENDS ARE GONE NORRKOPING, Sweden  (BC-FERRY-VICTIMS-525&ADD-NYT) Right after hearing on Wednesday morning that a ferry had gone down en route from Tallinn, Estonia, to Stockholm, Majlis Alm rushed down to the senior citizen's center here, fearing the worst.
The Fed released its report after the close of trading on financial markets Friday.
The broader definition, after all, does embrace more casualties from recent reverses in the financial markets -- and thus perhaps provides more ammunition for those who advocate a regulatory crackdown.
In 1990, a jury convicted a Massachusetts couple, David and Ginger Twitchell, of involuntary manslaughter in the death of their 2 1/2-year-old son, who died of a bowel obstruction after they treated her illness with prayer.
Harris joined the board in December 1990, after serving as clerk of the church.
Bettman suspended Toronto's Dale Hunter for a record 21 games for a vicious hit on Islander Pierre Turgeon in the 1993 playoffs, negotiated a settlement to the 16-day officials' strike last season, and meted out fines and suspensions last July after Mike Keenan's messy departure as Ranger coach over a late bonus check to join St. Louis as coach and general manager.
The Endeavour's three main engines were replaced after the aborted launching on Aug.
Astronauts activated two radar instruments hours after entering space and began working two shifts to keep the equipment operating around the clock.
The mission is almost identical to one flown in April, allowing scientists to monitor seasonal changes in vegetation, water distribution and geology after six months.
But the locations of many of these sites were lost after China closed off the area to Westerners in the 1920s, he said.
``So four or five months from now, there will be more production onstream after producers decide they can make money even on more expensive refining processes,'' he said.
``Correlation doesn't necessarily imply causation,'' said Steve Hanke, professor of applied economics at Johns Hopkins University, who said he remembers hearing the ``copper rallies lead to Dow declines'' theory after the 1987 stock market crash.
In reality, Goodwin was still in law school as the scandal ran its course, coming on the scene after the fact.
In reality, NBC didn't buy ``Twenty-One'' until after the fixed show involving Stempel and Van Doren.
In fact, Freedman was blacklisted after the scandals and moved his entire family to Mexico in order to find work.
Their oldest son went to work after his high school graduation.
Finally, after Linda has made one last check of her room, she starts saying goodbye, hugging everyone.
Asked how he will be spending his time, Todd Gill, a defenseman for the Maple Leafs, said, ``I haven't really thought it through.'' But then he added that after playing two weeks of exhibition games and helping make owners ``millions of dollars, I'm going to be icing my sores.'' 
Most Virginians supported the park -- the governor, after all, had visions of 19,000 jobs and $47 million in annual revenues for the state.
It vowed to seek another site in Virginia, but given all the regulatory hoops it must jump through, it'll be years after 1998 -- the original target -- before it opens.
So last week, after critics said he had no economic plan, he came up with a novel one: cut taxes.
With delay after delay, costs have risen to twice the original budget.
The company said Friday that it decided to review its potential losses after Allstate Corp.
The campaign finance bill was taken off the agenda after the Senate failed one last time to end a Republican filibuster.
Mitchell announced Friday that the Senate would return to Washington after the election for a two-day lame-duck session beginning Nov.
Not surprisingly, each is looking after its own interests.
On Thursday, it closed at $10.125 after falling $2.25 per share.
The total capitalization of all North American, Australian and South African gold producers combined is, after all, just roughly equivalent to that of Coca-Cola.
The announcement, read by Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faisal of Saudi Arabia after a meeting with Christopher, said that the six gulf countries recognized ``the importance of a review of the provisions of the Arab boycott of Israel so as to take into consideration progress achieved and substantive future requirements of the peace process.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
For Colorado's pursuit of a national championship, today's game provides the final non-conference test after a rout of Wisconsin and the stunner in Ann Arbor.
Shelton, after U.S. troops began arriving here Sept.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) ``I think the time has certainly come, after today's events, for the multinational force to focus their attention on the FRAPH and the other attache groups and immediately disarm them,'' Ira Kurzban, Aristide's American lawyer, said in an interview here Friday afternoon.
``What's the point of an occupation if the Americans are not going to protect us?'' one man shouted angrily after he took refuge from the gunfire in an alley.
Innocent victims of a sports world consumed by fierce fights over player salaries, the fans won't see the World Series for the first time in 90 years, and they won't see the timely start of the hockey season only three and a half months after the New York Rangers' scintillating Stanley Cup championship climaxed what was probably the most successful season in NHL history.
Bettman said Friday that the league planned to reschedule the missed 75 games throughout the remainder of the season and after the schedule is completed.
Bettman said the league's owners had to make ``gut-wrenching decisions'' after ``these considerations were given a great deal of weight.'' The board of governors, he said, concluded that ``if this sport is to grow at all, it has to be on a solid foundation.'' Although the owners talk of the need to create a revenue sharing pool for lower-revenue clubs -- which they say include 9 to 11 of the 26 franchises -- their primary concern is the escalation of player salaries.
Journalists counted at least eight bodies in the streets after the clashes, most of them shot by the attaches.
Friday afternoon, long after the crackle of gunfire had died down and the demonstrators had run away down the side streets, a 24-year-old student who gave his name as Jean-Louis stood in a glum clump of people under a tree near the Holiday Inn, staring at a Sheridan tank whose cannon barrel bore the inscription ``House of Pain.'' ``I can't believe what I see now,'' he said.
(STORY CAN END HERE -- OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) In fact, a lone blue pickup truck carrying about a dozen helmeted blue-shirted Haitian policemen, some with rifles, did pull up sometime after 1:00, just in time to send the last dozen or so demonstrators fleeing.
The mass and march to commemorate the army coup that ousted Aristide had been talked about for days, but after Thursday's attack in the port area, where at least five people were killed when a grenade was hurled into a peaceful crowd, many organizations told their supporters to stay home.
	International 	Japanese and American negotiators swapped proposals late into the night in an 11th-hour push to agree on opening Japanese markets after 15 months of acrimonious talks.
	Markets 	Stocks closed mixed after computer-guided ``sell'' orders buffeted the Dow industrials.
They are literally getting the book on that jury.'' The questionnaire, obtained Thursday by the Los Angeles Daily News, was released late Friday by Judge Lance Ito after the last jury candidates filled it out.
Ito put together the the questionnaire after consultations with Simpson's defense team and prosecutors from the Los Angeles district attorney's office.
By noon Friday, 30 minutes after the first rocks had been hurled on the street near FRAPH headquarters, the attaches brought out pistols, World War II-era rifles and at least one machine gun.
SENATE COMES TO DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA'S AID WASHINGTON  (BC-DISTRICT-NYT) Moving to rescue the nation's capital from financial paralysis, the Senate on Friday approved a $660 million appropriation for the city, just after Washington's mayor, Sharon Pratt Kelly, finished describing at a news conference how she planned to halt much of the government.
President Clinton signed the measure shortly after it was approved.
SPORTS OF THE TIMES: LOCKOUT, PUSH BACKS, PULL-UPS  (BC-HKN-RHODEN-COLUMN-NYT) Shortly after 1 o'clock Friday afternoon, National Hockey League owners, carrying themselves with the collective air of generals entering a high military court, marched dramatically into a meeting room filled with microphones and cameras.
First Bank System Inc., Minneapolis, a bank holding company, said it would close 40 branches in six states after acquiring Metropolitan Financial Corp., a Minneapolis-based holding company.
THE DECISION NOT TO BE THE POLICE BACKFIRES WASHINGTON  (BC-HAITI-POLICE-NYT) The decision to assign the Haitian police the primary role in maintaining order in Port-au-Prince on Friday came after lengthy talks reflecting the U.S. military's reluctance to become directly involved in police duties, administration officials said.
``We see a turbulent weekend with the unrest continuing possibly for another two weeks,'' Defense Secretary William Perry told reporters traveling with him to southern France after a meeting of NATO defense ministers in Seville, Spain.
About two hours after people started looting the Cash-and-Carry store, troops arrived and broke up the crowd.
So, after holding 36 hearings in the last year, calling 240 witnesses and drawing on the wisdom of dozens of scholars, he created a bill to overhaul Congress itself.
``Once one side does it, the other side does it, so now we are embarked in the Senate where you're going to have filibuster after filibuster after filibuster,'' he said.
The lead plaintiff in the New York case is Dr. Timothy Quill, a Rochester, N.Y., family physician who in 1991 was the subject of a grand jury probe after he publicly described helping a terminally ill patient commit suicide.
That some people were still upset after the long-awaited announcement was an indication of the difficulty of pleasing everyone in the management of the air space over the New York region, perhaps the most cluttered in the world.
There is now a 60-day comment period, after which the aviation agency will make a final decision on the routes.
Innocent victims of a sports world consumed by fierce fights over player salaries, the fans won't see the World Series for the first time in 90 years, and they won't see the timely start of the hockey season only three and a half months after the New York Rangers' scintillating Stanley Cup championship climaxed what was probably the most successful season in NHL history.
Bettman said Friday that the league planned to reschedule the missed 75 games throughout the remainder of the season and after the schedule is completed.
Bettman said the league's owners had to make ``gut-wrenching decisions'' after ``these considerations were given a great deal of weight.'' The board of governors, he said, concluded that ``if this sport is to grow at all, it has to be on a solid foundation.'' Although the owners talk of the need to create a revenue sharing pool for lower-revenue clubs -- which they say include 9 to 11 of the 26 franchises -- their primary concern is the escalation of player salaries.
Lavin's departure comes slightly more than four months after the board completed an investigation into accounting irregularities that caused the company to misstate some quarterly results in 1992 and 1993.
The report that the company issued after the investigation did not directly hold Lavin and his colleagues responsible for the accounting scandal but blamed them for putting pressure on subordinates to pump up the company's quarterly results.
It's been, oh, weeks since these two statesmen exchanged obfuscations and half-truths after Keenan left the Rangers in a bitter power struggle with Smith.
For the first time since this showdown began, after slashing player benefits and strutting his power and backing the players into a corner, Bettman was on the defensive.
``Who out there can beat me?'' Whitaker wondered aloud on Thursday after his final workout.
It's a fight Whitaker had early trouble motivating himself for after a controversial draw with Julio Cesar Chavez last year.
12, after attorneys and jury consultants have reviewed their questionnaires.
SENATE DEBATE GOES OWNERS' WAY THIS INNING, PLAYERS SAY GAME'S NOT OVER  (BC-BBO-CONGRESS-NYT) The assault by Congress on baseball's antitrust exemption ended Friday, until at least January, after one of the leading opponents of baseball's privileged immunity conceded the day on the floor of the Senate.
Still, the last in a series of efforts by Metzenbaum to either completely retract the exemption or limit it died Friday, just one day after the House Judiciary Committee passed a bill seeking to apply antitrust laws to any rules unilaterally imposed, such as the owners' proposed salary cap.
``It's such a devastating tragedy that people can't believe it,'' said Mariliis Lilover, a 20-year-old student who drifted away after hours of waiting for news about a friend.
Randall Cunningham's 118 pass attempts is the highest total after three games of his 10-year career, and the Eagles actually rank below the 49ers in the NFL rushing statistics.
He said he got the idea from something Michael Jordan once said about how he was struggling as a sophomore in college and cut his hair ``in order to start off with a clean slate.'' In his contract year -- Watters will be a free agent after the season, although the 49ers retain a right of first refusal -- Watters is getting antsy to start running better.
The higher loss for State Farm, which has about 24 percent of California's earthquake insurance market, came a day after Allstate Insurance, with about 13 percent of the market, increased its loss estimate to $1.3 billion from $950 million.
On Friday morning, shortly after Yokich disclosed that he and Smith had reached an understanding, union and company bargainers in Flint announced that they had a tentative agreement.
1: The latest round of nuclear negotiations with North Korea will pause briefly this weekend after making little headway.
2 WITH RUSSIA-TIGER-COX 	(NYT8) SIKOTE-ALIN RESERVE, Russia -- September 30, 1994 -- RUSSIA-TIGER-COX-CLR-3, 9-30 -- After being fitted with a radio-collar, the first Siberian tiger ever captured is back on her feet after recovering from the anesthesia and is ready to go back into the forest.
SALOME 	(NYT4) LEIPZIG, Germany -- September 30, 1994 -- GERMANY-LEIPZIG-COX-CLR-3, 9-30 -- Ulrike Poppe, 41, one of the leaders of the East German protest movement, stands next to an exhibition display that shows her mug shot taken by the East German secret police, the Stasi, on December 13, 1983 after 25 hours of questioning.
2 WITH RUSSIA-TIGER-COX 	(NYT8) SIKOTE-ALIN RESERVE, Russia -- September 30, 1994 -- RUSSIA-TIGER-COX-CLR-3, 9-30 -- After being fitted with a radio-collar, the first Siberian tiger ever captured is back on her feet after recovering from the anesthesia and is ready to go back into the forest.
SALOME 	(NYT4) LEIPZIG, Germany -- September 30, 1994 -- GERMANY-LEIPZIG-COX-CLR-3, 9-30 -- Ulrike Poppe, 41, one of the leaders of the East German protest movement, stands next to an exhibition display that shows her mug shot taken by the East German secret police, the Stasi, on December 13, 1983 after 25 hours of questioning.
2 WITH RUSSIA-TIGER-COX 	(NYT8) SIKOTE-ALIN RESERVE, Russia -- September 30, 1994 -- RUSSIA-TIGER-COX-CLR-3, 9-30 -- After being fitted with a radio-collar, the first Siberian tiger ever captured is back on her feet after recovering from the anesthesia and is ready to go back into the forest.
SALOME 	(NYT4) LEIPZIG, Germany -- September 30, 1994 -- GERMANY-LEIPZIG-COX-CLR-3, 9-30 -- Ulrike Poppe, 41, one of the leaders of the East German protest movement, stands next to an exhibition display that shows her mug shot taken by the East German secret police, the Stasi, on December 13, 1983 after 25 hours of questioning.
Friends and relatives said it was inconceivable that he would kill himself only nine days after arriving in Russia.
2 WITH RUSSIA-TIGER-COX 	(NYT8) SIKOTE-ALIN RESERVE, Russia -- September 30, 1994 -- RUSSIA-TIGER-COX-CLR-3, 9-30 -- After being fitted with a radio-collar, the first Siberian tiger ever captured is back on her feet after recovering from the anesthesia and is ready to go back into the forest.
SALOME 	(NYT4) LEIPZIG, Germany -- September 30, 1994 -- GERMANY-LEIPZIG-COX-CLR-3, 9-30 -- Ulrike Poppe, 41, one of the leaders of the East German protest movement, stands next to an exhibition display that shows her mug shot taken by the East German secret police, the Stasi, on December 13, 1983 after 25 hours of questioning.
``Emotionally, hockey players are as strong as any players out there,'' Gretzky said after the team met briefly with head coach Barry Melrose at Iceoplex.
Tager is accused of shooting Campbell Theron Montgomery outside the ``Today'' studio, after Montgomery tried to alert the police that an armed man was trying to gain entrance to the NBC studios on West 49th Street.
The major stumbling block to any reorganization effort was the ``creditors trust'' McNall's attorneys set up to control all the remaining liens and claims the Bank of America handed over after the sale to Sudikoff and Cohen, Neilson's report said.
But on Friday, several hours after Jordan unveiled her proposals at a National Press Club lunch and delivered a copy of the commission's first interim report to Congress, administration officials were distancing themselves from the commission's plan.
