Left fielder Juan Gonzalez and starting pitcher Kevin Brown had to be separated during the bottom of the fourth.
``Why do we have to do this?'' Nicholas Piper, 11, asked during a break in the taping.
``If he can fit in somehow, I will personally make sure he's happy 24 hours a day, seven days a week,'' Johnson said of Manning, one of his favorite subjects during Dream Team II's preparations for the upcoming World Championships in Toronto.
Oddly, it's a new suburban South where blacks and whites don't have the proximity to one another that defined the South even during segregation.
$24.) A woman learns about life and the ways of men in Atlanta during the 1960s.
$24.) The inner workings of the White House during the first year of the Clinton administration.
Zondervan, $25.) The former vice president recalls his life, especially during the Bush years.
4, charging Hollywood film star Jackie Cooper with contributing to the delinquency of a 15-year-old girl during an all-night party in a South Bend hotel.
Nixon's first step onto the national stage came in 1948 during the House Un-American Activities Committee's investigation of Alger Hiss.
My love, devotion and respect for Blakie have grown during the last 30 years as we have traveled the path of marriage, family and careers together.
20, 1993, in Texas for the death of an 18-year-old convenience store clerk during a robbery-abduction in which a second man also died.
Spoken and unspoken, the question of who lives and who dies is repeated thousands of times a day during the Rwandan refugee crisis.
It was the time chosen by Peter Quinn for his newly published ``Banished Children of Eve,'' a novel about caste and class during the Civil War draft riots.
New York in those 40 years changed as much as it has during the past four decades.
This is exciting news because you have to love a guy who, right there during the game, looks capable of hiding pizza in his pockets.
But Russia's not bad, if you liked Cicero, Illinois, during Prohibition.
The total of these individual interest payments is the dividend paid by the fund, which is generally stable even during shifting markets.
Many armchair strategists predicted during the Gulf war that ballistic missiles and smart weapons would make the task of capturing and holding territory irrelevant.
Cuba lost not only its strongest political ally, but also its (ital) tio rico (unital) -- the rich uncle who provided over $80 billion during the 1970s and 1980s.
This measure was kept in place during the cold war to punish Cuba for its support of leftist terrorists worldwide.
Yet Bill Clinton, under pressure from exiles in Miami, declared during his campaign last year that the embargo would continue, and has just reconfirmed this.
Many armchair strategists predicted during the Gulf war that ballistic missiles and smart weapons would make the task of capturing and holding territory irrelevant.
Hutchison collected nearly $1.5 million during the quarter.
Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts, raised nearly $1.1 million during the same period.
``I was extremely pleased with the entire evacuation process during Andrew,'' Wagner says.
We didn't have one reported accident during the entire process.'' Adds Robert C.
``I was extremely pleased with the entire evacuation process during Andrew,'' Wagner says.
We didn't have one reported accident during the entire process.'' Adds Robert C.
It is important to note that this legislation in no way prohibits witnesses from talking with the press prior to or during a trial, but only from being paid to do so.
The park is most crowded during spring break and around the Easter, Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays.
Campsites often fill up during peak times.
Which genes determine the brain's basic architecture, controlling how it is wired during fetal development?
Many of the children have elevated levels of calcium in their blood during infancy, which is thought to make them extremely cranky.
Even so, McCormick still found it hard to take down names and phone numbers during interviews.
...''' Lefcourt became infatuated with the notion of the unknown Diana during a stint in London doing research for an American TV movie called ``The Women of Windsor.'' He soon discovered he could find out all sorts of intimate details about Diana, including her taste in perfume (Diorissimo), lipstick (Revlon nude tone) and reading material (Danielle Steel novels).
``People from all walks of life have joined their favorite sports team for a cause much greater than baseball,'' team managing general partner Peter Magowan said at the infield podium during the ``Until There's A Cure Day'' benefit prior to the Sunday afternoon game with the Colorado Rockies.
7, the city will be showcased on U.S. television during the Goodwill Games.
Thousands perished during its construction just after 1700.
But with a little caution, any foray through downtown St. Petersburg during daylight hours can be undertaken safely.
Then, during World War II, when bombing threatened the collection, much of it was hidden beneath the main floor of St. Isaac's Cathedral.
But Henry Ruth, a special Watergate prosecutor during the Nixon administration, said the actions were improper but were mitigated by the lack of evidence that Clinton officials sought to influence the probe.
Ruth, a prosecutor in the Justice Department's organized crime section from 1961-1964 who served both as the agency's deputy special prosecutor and its special prosecutor during the Watergate scandal, said the basic question is: ``Did federal officials give more information to White House officials than you or I would have gotten in the same situation?'' Trust corporation spokesman Anne Freeman said that individuals who call asking whether they are mentioned in criminal referrals are never provided such information.
Are reservations for accommodations needed well in advance, especially in the national parks during November?
Less a novel than a succession of overlapping stories, ``The Informers'' consists of 13 monologues, delivered by assorted characters, including a studio executive's bored, pill-taking wife, who spends her free time counting her shoes and sleeping with a UCLA student who's a year older than her son; the studio executive's son, a wealthy drug dealer who thinks nothing of losing $20,000 during a single trip to Las Vegas; the studio executive's next wife, who roams the Los Angeles airport hoping someone will follow her; a rock star who is in the habit of violently assaulting the groupies unlucky enough to sleep with him; a vampire, who lures girls back to his house in Encino and drains them of blood, and a car-wash attendant who murders and mutilates a 10-year-old boy.
He can execute a game plan without any practice during the week.
After not carrying the ball as much as he would like during team drills, the rookie running back from Houston is struggling to carry not only his helmet and shoulder pads to the locker room, but also those belonging to Chris Warren and Jon Vaughn -- veterans who are listed ahead of Smith on the depth chart and in the NFL's pecking order.
Those who survive fetch lunches and supply donuts during the regular season.
A favorite prank during his 11-year career with the Bills involved an uppity rookie, an elevator, adhesive tape -- lots of it -- and veteran defenders Fred Smerlas and Jim Haslett.
``They'd capture him during the night, tape him up real good, lean him against the elevator door and push the button for the rookies' floor in the dorm.
There were times during the past week when, despite the longueurs of some performances, I felt the full impact of Wagner's ``Ring'' in its original home.
Grandpa Wagner's anti-Semitism, suggests Wolfgang, was not as serious as it has been made out to be; it was ``ambivalent and inconsistent'' with ``distressing verbal aberrations that owe their notoriety to constant repetition.'' His own mother's Nazism is a ``fateful spiritual burden'' from which he has attempted to distance himself and the festival, but he still accuses his sister, who during the 1930s ``took advantage of her sojourn abroad to turn her back on Germany, and did not return to Bayreuth even when war broke out.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
``The important thing about clothes that appeal to a large range of people is they have to feel comfortable all day -- on the way to work and during everything you have to do when you get there, including sitting, standing, operating office machines, talking to people,'' Ms. Buchman said.
For 60 seconds after sirens sounded throughout Warsaw, Poles paused to remember the 200,000 civilians and ill-equipped fighters who were slaughtered during the uprising that lasted from Aug.
He noted the presence of officials from Germany and Russia, Poland's most recent occupiers and bitter foes during most of World War II.
Herzog, who was 11 during the uprising, said, ``What we need now is reconciliation, understanding, mutual trust and good neighborly relations.
I ask for forgiveness for all that was done to them by the Germans.'' Filatov, seen in Warsaw as a poor substitute for Yeltsin, called for full public disclosure of the decisions by former Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin that prevented Soviet troops from aiding the Poles during the uprising.
But Lopez is moving on to St. John's, clearing the lane for Marbury to command the spotlight during his senior season at Lincoln.
Cindy said that during that time, she began to explore her homosexuality.
That easily surpasses the $450,000-per-episode earned by Ted Danson during the final season of NBC's ``Cheers.'' Roseanne reported to work Monday, as scheduled.
The interviews, conducted during 12 days and lasting nearly 29 hours, were Nixon's coming-out party after about 36 months of self-imposed exile and the dawn of his resurrection in the public mind.
But during Monday's joint appearance, Rose, referring to the 19 clubs, asked Fehr: ``What's going to surprise us, that the Yankees are losing money?
A trickle of refugees have been returning, but as U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Sadako Ogata noted during a visit here Monday, that trickle is growing smaller.
Given the level of savagery that the Hutu militia meted out during the conflict, reprisals can not be ruled out, although there is no convincing evidence of any so far.
Heston at times during the roast resembled a vice president at a state funeral, endeavoring to appear privately moved while on public display.
``If and when he does, I'm sure he's going to step forward and make his case to the public.'' Clinton may begin his public relations offensive Wednesday night during the third nationally-televised prime-time news conference of his 19-month-old presidency.
TRUCK BOMB DESTROYED LARGE PART OF LATIN AMERICAS'S LARGEST JUDAICA LIBRARY BUENOS AIRES, Argentina  (BC-AGENTINA-BOMBING-ARCHIVE-700&ADD-NYT) Yiddish and Hebrew books, salvaged from the ashes of European synagogues and libraries burned by the Nazis, were secretly shipped during World War II to faraway South America for safekeeping.
The presence of German and Russian leaders angered many Poles because of Nazi brutality toward civilians during the uprising, and the failure of the Soviet army, which had reached the outskirts of Warsaw and had encouraged the uprising, to come to the aid of the insurgents.
It has been replaced by a better one, one that will allow us to live as one family.'' The commemorations on Monday were all the more meaningful because, during the 40th anniversary, and in previous decades, communist authorities here persecuted uprising veterans and banned gatherings of the insurgents.
The idea of this dichotomy first hit me several years ago during an National Basketball Association All-Star Game while interviewing an athlete in the hotel lobby.
Segal recently testified in Congress in support of American investment in Myanmar, comparing the struggles of the Burmese army to those of the United States during the Civil War.
Yet the name received some attention last month during the D-Day commemorations.
Slapton Sands was where 700-plus Americans -- most engineering and quartermaster troops -- were killed or drowned during a pre-invasion exercise called Operation Tiger on the southwest coast of England on April 28, 1944.
Most of their bodies were never recovered For the survivors -- some here and there across both states -- one of the event's enduring memories is that they were ordered to maintain silence about it -- ``keep our mouths shut,'' one said.
But even a properly authorized invasion would add to the long string of dubious U.S. military interventions in the Caribbean basin during the past century, including a 19-year occupation of Haiti itself.
The progress hasn't taken place.'' No one can say the old Alabama cotton country is the same place it was during the 1960s, when civil rights workers -- blacks like Jimmie Lee Jackson and whites like the Rev.
With its enduring landscape of white-columned antebellum houses and weathered shotgun shacks, its elaborate social ritual of cordiality masking dense layers of turmoil, the Black Belt defines the South of William Faulkner, where the past is inseparable from the present, where the dead still walk, and where everything has changed and nothing has.
The agricultural economy that supported many small black and white farmers during the civil rights era has collapsed, leaving the industry to big agricultural and timber interests.
He is of medium height but seems taller, while Lautenberg, who is shorter, adopts a much more detached style with strangers, and is more likely to gaze at his listener's tie during a conversation, or off to one side, making eye contact intermittently Haytaian has never concealed his dislike for abortion, but he has modified his position on the topic since 1989, when he checked ``yes'' on a New Jersey Right to Life questionnaire about favoring a Constitutional Amendment to outlaw abortion.
``I am personally opposed to abortion except in cases of rape, incest or the mother's life being in danger,'' Haytaian said during a brief interview in the sweltering parking lot at the Union County Police Training facility here, where he had come to shake hands with a graduating class.
But the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees, Sadako Ogata, who was expected to endorse quick repatriation during a visit here on Monday, expressed caution.
Workdays are eight-and-a-half hours during the week, with the extra half-hour set aside for meetings between the incoming and outgoing shifts to review plant operations.
The plant packs as much production as possible during weekends, when rates for electricity, the single biggest cost in electroplating, are at their lowest.
ROSA CHACEL, 96, SPANISH NOVELIST  (BC-CHACEL-OBIT-NYT) Rosa Chacel, a Spanish writer of complex, intellectual novels and poetry, who was in exile during most of the Franco era, died on Wednesday in the Ramon y Cajal Hospital in Madrid.
These acts, like so many in the Bosnian war, echoed atrocities that took place during World War II, when a brutal Yugoslav civil war was fought within the broader conflict.
At first the executions took place during the day, but later they were all at night.
Unlike Nazi camps during World War II, Susica was a camp in which torture and death were meted out by soldiers on people who had been their immediate neighbors.
In testimony to the depth of pathological hatreds in the Balkans, the former Muslim friends of Serbs in Vlasenica were suddenly demonized as fellow Slavs whose ancestors had committed ``treason'' centuries ago by converting to Islam during the long rule by the Ottoman Turks.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Ames confessed that during his time in Moscow's employ the KGB, the Soviet intelligence agency, had paid him more than $2 million for disclosing the names of a dozen or more Soviet and Soviet-bloc military and intelligence officers secretly working for the United States in 1985.
They typically provide security at federal courthouses, apprehend fugitives, transport prisoners and provide agents to restore order during civil disturbances.
``Business has gotten a lot better,'' said Augustin Butoramo, 27, who took up shopkeeping just three weeks ago after the hotel where he worked as a clerk, the Ishimbi, was destroyed during the war.
On Sunday, he and his delegation visited Goma, Zaire, where a million Rwandans fled during the mass killings.
He said traffic would continue to flow along the West Side route during construction, which could begin in 1996, barring complications.
``I would say delaying completion of that project is a real significant negative act and it would be better to find some money to keep the thing moving,'' said Robert Best, a Sacramento lawyer who was director of Caltrans during the late 1980s.
-- August 1, 1994 -- YUGOSLAVIA-CAMP-II-2, 8-1 -- Unlike Nazi camps during World War II, Susica was a camp in which torture and death were meted out by soldiers on people who had been their immediate neighbors.
Lono/New York Times Photos) 	(NYT1) DATELINE -- August 1, 1994 -- BRAIN-SCI, 8-1 -- Benjamin Monkaba, left, and Adam Berman, children who have Williams syndrome, share a moment during play in a park in Detroit.
Kirby said that during court proceedings Judge Wood said that evidence of willful damage was ``scant.'' Thus, Kirby contended, it was unlikely Judge Wood would increase the award.
-- August 1, 1994 -- YUGOSLAVIA-CAMP-II-2, 8-1 -- Unlike Nazi camps during World War II, Susica was a camp in which torture and death were meted out by soldiers on people who had been their immediate neighbors.
-- August 1, 1994 -- BRAIN-SCI, 8-1 -- Benjamin Monkaba, left, and Adam Berman, children who have Williams syndrome, share a moment during play in a park in Detroit.
-- August 1, 1994 -- YUGOSLAVIA-CAMP-II-2, 8-1 -- Unlike Nazi camps during World War II, Susica was a camp in which torture and death were meted out by soldiers on people who had been their immediate neighbors.
-- August 1, 1994 -- BRAIN-SCI, 8-1 -- Benjamin Monkaba, left, and Adam Berman, children who have Williams syndrome, share a moment during play in a park in Detroit.
The six-county Los Angeles region, which lost almost 500,000 jobs during the recession, will add 1.8 million jobs in the next decade, the report projects.
-- August 1, 1994 -- YUGOSLAVIA-CAMP-II-2, 8-1 -- Unlike Nazi camps during World War II, Susica was a camp in which torture and death were meted out by soldiers on people who had been their immediate neighbors.
-- August 1, 1994 -- BRAIN-SCI, 8-1 -- Benjamin Monkaba, left, and Adam Berman, children who have Williams syndrome, share a moment during play in a park in Detroit.
But according to numbers from the Census Bureau and the federal Bureau of Labor Statistics, the state is not first in state taxes, overall taxes, government spending or jobs lost, except for total jobs lost during the nine-month period (July 1990 to March 1991) defined as the national recession.
Under the direction of Arthur Finkelstein, D'Amato's campaign guru, the advertisements' creators are Russo Marsh & Associates, of Sacramento, Calif., who produced the devastatingly negative, but also humorous, ads against former state Attorney General Robert Abrams during the 1992 Senate race.
Senate committee members have criticized Altman, because some senators believe he misled them during an appearance before the panel last February.
Fidelity, which has 71 percent of its assets in apartment loans, saw the value of those loans plummet during the recession.
These acts, like so many in the Bosnian war, echoed atrocities that took place during World War II, when a brutal Yugoslav civil war was fought within the broader conflict.
At first the executions took place during the day, but later they were all at night.
Unlike Nazi camps during World War II, Susica was a camp in which torture and death were meted out by soldiers on people who had been their immediate neighbors.
In testimony to the depth of pathological hatreds in the Balkans, the former Muslim friends of Serbs in Vlasenica were suddenly demonized as fellow Slavs whose ancestors had committed ``treason'' centuries ago by converting to Islam during the long rule by the Ottoman Turks.
Randolph was active in the Presbyterian Church and the civil-rights movement and served as legal counsel during voter-registration drives in Mississippi in the 1960s.
The political climate that prevailed during the epidemic's first decade stifled the search for it.
His mother's use of the prescription drug trimethadione to control epileptic seizures during her pregnancy with Eric has been cited as a possible cause of behavioral problems, which psychiatrists said he manifested by throwing temper tantrums and banging his head against walls.
Los Angeles police discounted the accusation against Fuhrman, who testified during Simpson's preliminary hearing about finding the bloody glove behind a cottage on Simpson's estate.
Officials said Coleman attacked Bonilla without provocation during a traffic stop, after she pulled him over about 8 a.m. Monday for driving 80 mph in a 55 mph zone.
Officials said Bonilla was alone because all CHP officers work alone during the day.
The problem has gotten so bad that umpire Harry Wendelstedt called it dangerous last month, after watching fellow umpire Mark Hirschbeck get treated during a game because an insect flew into his right eye.
The whole thing has been funny, but I feel I was helping them out a little.'' Wallach, Karros and others tried the skin conditioner during the last homestand.
Following a 7-1 tie-break, Joyce, who lives eight blocks away from UCLA's Tennis Center, could only revel in playing in front of his home crowd during the second set.
Three Loomis guards were shot execution-style during the aborted robbery.
But during the preliminary hearing for Eugene Livingston, Victor McClain and James Brown last month, Young recanted his former statements implicating the three men.
AUSTIN, Texas  (BC-AFRO-COX) When the Afro had its heyday during the '60s and early '70s, Reagan High School sophomore Adrian Dorn wasn't even born.
``The length of their hair doesn't matter as long as they come to school.'' Clinical psychologist Melvin Sikes says two events during the '60s spurred young men and women to grow huge Afros, even though some of their elders considered the hairstyle unflattering.
The dancers are all women, which is an accurate reflection of their art during the twilight and past of ballet's glorious pinnacle of Romanticism.
Captured most often during the private moments of their public dimension, they live on in prints that are almost as ubiquitous in the ballet world as beer advertisements are in the contemporary domain of professional sports.
They're anonymous today, despite the enduring fame they've helped ensure for Degas.
The woman stood up and accused me (wrongfully, by the way) of ``smirking'' during testimony of one of the young, rehabilitated addicts from the program.
Guess we'll have to fix it during the next printing.'' That's after the 10,000 games on hand are sold for the $24.95 asking price, including shipping and handling.
Clinton had referred to Campolo earlier in the year during his State of the Union address.
He can purify you.'' Campolo compared spiritual purification to the blank spot on the tape recording played during Watergate hearings in which former president Richard Nixon allegedly ordered a coverup.
``I think in spite of everything that's gone on during his administration, Wilson is probably in fairly good shape,'' Ali said.
Other variations credit early Christians thinking of the crucifixion, Irish thanking leprechauns for good luck, or Jews knocking on synagogues for sanctuary during the Spanish Inquisition.
I don't think it's being presumptious, if these alien beings are going to continue to insist on whisking helpless Earthlings aboard their vessels and probing about in their navels and various other body parts, to ask them to keep a sharp eye (or whatever they use to see things with) on the heavens during their travels and give us ample warning if we are in danger of colliding with something.
The concert planning continued, clearing numerous hurdles, during a drawn-out process that many thought would kill it.
``I was extremely pleased with the entire evacuation process during Andrew,'' Wagner says.
We didn't have one reported accident during the entire process.'' Adds Robert C.
``I was extremely pleased with the entire evacuation process during Andrew,'' Wagner says.
We didn't have one reported accident during the entire process.'' Adds Robert C.
Some shows have another little box that keeps score of sales being generated during the telecast.
Another called to say how much she was enjoying the jewelry bought during an earlier show.
Rather than boycotting games, Jones is calling on fans to hold up O.U.C.H. signs and yell the word in the seventh inning of games, send O.U.C.H. postcards to team owners and players and get a copy of his O.U.C.H. rap song to play during tailgate parties.
Douglas MacArthur's headquarters during the American occupation, is even duller.
Flip over, and continue to cook for 4 more minutes, painting the exposed side of the apples liberally with glaze during the final minute of cooking.
Several great power crises during the previous decade had been resolved by negotiations, Andrews recalls, adding: ``The difference this time was the popular desire for war.
KIGALI, Rwanda  (BC-WORLD-BRIEFS-NYT) The prime minister of Rwanda said Tuesday that his newly installed government would begin war crime trials immediately against members of the ousted government and thousands among the civilian populace suspected of taking part in genocidal attacks and other human rights violations during the recent civil war.
The concert planning continued, clearing numerous hurdles, during a drawn-out process that many thought would kill it.
Imagine then, how it is to be wandering the aisles-of-plenty after two years of living in a foreign country where they don't discount except during two official sale periods, where credit cards are discouraged and where your bra size is 80.
The researchers based their estimate on the results of a continuing study of 111 men with hemophilia whose immunological and health status has been monitored since they became infected with HIV, the AIDS virus, during a six-year period starting in 1979.
30 at the Barbican Center in London.) His son Toby, currently winning acclaim in the title role of ``Coriolanus'' for the R.S.C. in Stratford, has his own view on matters vocal, even if he shares his father's theatrical huskiness and his fondness for cigarettes: ``I was very worried during previews,'' the actor says.
Toby wasn't yet 4 when his parents' marriage began to unravel during a West End run of ``Private Lives.'' The child's knowledge of his father -- whom today he calls Robert; it is his stepfather, Beverley Cross, who is Dad -- came largely from seeing him on film and stage: in particular, the movies ``The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie'' (1969),in which his father played Dame Maggie's art-professor lover, and ``The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes'' (1970), in which Robert was an unusually rueful, cocaine-addicted Holmes.
 (BC-STEPHENS-THEATER-2NDTAKE-$ADV07-NYT) Toby, by contrast, grew up surrounded by theater people and parlance -- in the wig rooms at Stratford, Ontario, where his mother led the acting company during the late 70s, or back in England in the Sussex countryside, where neighbors included Lord and Lady Olivier (the actress Joan Plowright) and Sir Alec Guinness.
His ``fear barrier'' was broken during the first dance routine.
30 at the Barbican Center in London.) His son Toby, currently winning acclaim in the title role of ``Coriolanus'' for the R.S.C. in Stratford, has his own view on matters vocal, even if he shares his father's theatrical huskiness and his fondness for cigarettes: ``I was very worried during previews,'' the actor says.
Toby wasn't yet 4 when his parents' marriage began to unravel during a West End run of ``Private Lives.'' The child's knowledge of his father -- whom today he calls Robert; it is his stepfather, Beverley Cross, who is Dad -- came largely from seeing him on film and stage: in particular, the movies ``The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie'' (1969),in which his father played Dame Maggie's art-professor lover, and ``The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes'' (1970), in which Robert was an unusually rueful, cocaine-addicted Holmes.
 (BC-STEPHENS-THEATER-ART-2NDTAKE-$ADV07-NYT) Toby, by contrast, grew up surrounded by theater people and parlance -- in the wig rooms at Stratford, Ontario, where his mother led the acting company during the late 70s, or back in England in the Sussex countryside, where neighbors included Lord and Lady Olivier (the actress Joan Plowright) and Sir Alec Guinness.
In addition to the two regular counselors, both experts in college placement from the Los Angeles Unified School District, the academy has another at work half time during application season.
Perhaps during the last 20 years more people went into medicine as a lucrative profession than a helping one.
This was a little surprising, since students aren't on time for anything.'' Students explained their punctuality by saying that the baby had been an intrusion on their personal lives and woke them up frequently during the night.
``A few days later I was awake in bed, worrying about being unemployed, when I got the idea.'' He called the doll ``Baby Think It Over,'' and produced it in his rented garage, which houses the couple's business, the Jurmain Prototyping Co. In addition to dolls of various races is a ``preemie-weight'' doll that can even be programmed to simulate a baby exposed to drugs during pregnancy: its cry is shriller and more frequent and the doll trembles.
But most are either reacquiring subsidiaries that they sold during sanctions, or they are essentially storefronts for goods made elsewhere.
He hoped the ice would reach the required thickness by about midnight, leaving time for workers to get it ready for practice skating during the day.
As a result, the drivers barely lift off the throttle during a race lap, and the Daytona 500 winner is someone with a clever engine builder, slick aerodynamics expert and the right drafting partner.
John Andretti, a former Indy-Car driver, discovered this during the Nascar test session held at the speedway last August in preparation for the Brickyard 400.
Miss Mukamusitau said she had managed to balance a big jerrycan of water on her head and carry the small one in her hand during the long trek back from Katale.
The president of the World Lutheran Federation is not our pope.'' Seated beneath a portrait of Martin Luther in his office in the church consistory, an elegantly renovated building that was used as a Soviet army barracks during the Soviet occupation, the archbishop explained his stance.
``Wouldn't it be great,'' he said, sidling up to a friend and whispering conspiratorially during a practice round, ``if I could get up there and just cold top it, intentionally whiff it?
Then, during the following two years, MCI Communications plans to replace the wires connecting those traders with Nasdaq with a faster network.
NEW RWANDAN PREMIER ANNOUNCES PLANS FOR WAR-CRIMES TRIALS KIGALI, Rwanda  (BC-RWANDA-KIGALI-455&ADD-NYT) The prime minister of Rwanda said Tuesday that his newly installed government would proceed with war crimes trials of members of the ousted government and thousands of civilians suspected of taking part in genocidal attacks and other human rights violations during the recent civil war.
There are no clean people involved in massacres.'' The new government has asked the United Nations to convene an international tribunal to study the killings and human rights abuses that occurred during the Rwandan civil war, but United Nations officials have roundly criticized the idea.
Bouhafa explains that the children are on their own for one of several reasons -- the parents are killed in the fighting, or became separated during the mass exodus to Zaire, or abandoned the children.
At the height of the wine boom during the 1970s and early 1980s, few in the business worried about the vast segments of the population that never touch a drop: Wine was portrayed as a luxury item, a product with tremendous snob appeal, something that took a profound sophistication to enjoy.
And despite a 3 percent decline in U.S. per-capita wine consumption during that period, shipments of California premium wine soared 478 percent, to 81 million gallons, according to Gomberg, Fredrikson & Associates, a San Francisco-based consultancy.
As part of its annual market forecast, Boeing predicted a surge in demand for smaller jets during the next six years.
The divergent performances are being explained this way: GM's earnings were less of a surprise than IBM's -- analysts estimates notwithstanding -- and the possibility of higher interest rates make the automaker's fortunes during the next six months a bit uncertain.
Bonilla's ability to lift the hopes of children and his desire to do so has never wavered, even during all the bad times that characterized his first two seasons with the Mets.
It got to me, but now it's over.'' He said this as he leaned forward in a black stretch limousine, a day after hitting his 20th home run of the season off Atlanta's Greg Maddux and at least a year removed from the friction that became part of his persona during much of his first two years in New York.
Sunday in Pittsburgh, Mets players were glued to the television as Bonilla answered David Brinkley's questions during a panel on the possible baseball strike.
``It also builds a better relationship between parent and child.'' Over the years, Martin tried holding parent advisory meetings during prework hours, at lunchtime or in the evenings.
Monitoring of the baby during delivery and after the birth suggested that that the baby had not received enough oxygen and therefore there was a strong possibility of brain damage, he said.
The divergent performances are being explained this way: GM's earnings were less of a surprise than IBM's -- analysts estimates notwithstanding -- and the possibility of higher interest rates make the automaker's fortunes during the next six months a bit uncertain.
Levy Bancorp was profitable during most of its history but suffered losses during the last two years when real estate values plunged in the recession.
``Three to 6 inches.'' A ball from that range nailed him on the thumb during Monday's practice.
The 28th annual ``Car Craft'' Magazine All-Star Banquet, previously conducted during the National Hot Rod Association U.S. Nationals at Indianapolis Raceway Park, tentatively has been scheduled for Oct.
Monitoring of the baby during delivery and after the birth suggested that that the baby had not received enough oxygen and therefore there was a strong possibility of brain damage, he said.
But he indicated that the company would pursue the offer and would be willing to consider a higher price if Unitrin could demonstrate additional value during negotiations.
According to the lawsuit, it was during one of those meetings that Joseph Thomas, an INS director, said that about 60,000 asylum files had never been entered into their computer data base and were ``lost out in space.'' The lawsuit contends that Thomas said the applicants themselves would bear the responsibility of documenting their status all over again.
He wears a shirt and a hat, in deference to 10 operations for skin cancer during his 31 years on the beach.
I'm hitting it like I never quit.'' Azinger said he shot a 70 during a Sunday practice round at Winged Foot Golf Club in Mamaroneck, N.Y., but lost $5 to playing partner Jim McGovern.
His stamina, he predicted, would be adequate because he has undergone a regular program of cardiovascular exercises during his rehabilitation period.
``Thursday will be the culmination of the whole thing, and I'm starting to get those little butterflies.'' Azinger said ``just about every player on tour'' has written him during his absence.
Folston started at outside linebacker in place of Aaron Wallace, who was held out as a precaution after experiencing swelling in his knee during a midweek practice.
High school teams were formed beginning in 1947, and during that time teams competed in an independent federation of collegiate and club teams.
High school teams were formed beginning in 1947, and during that time teams competed in an independent federation of collegiate and club teams.
Showalter told the third-base coach Willie Randolph to watch right fielder Troy O'Leary during fielding practice because the Yankees were unfamiliar with his throwing arm.
We turn it up a bit.'' The Royals' bullpen has been conspicuous in its ability to turn its performance up a notch during the streak.
It has not missed a dance in the streak, during which it stands 4-0 with eight saves and a 1.11 earned-run average.
Their bullpen has given the Royals a decided edge during their winning streak.
Though the Chicago White Sox have a respectable bullpen, the Royals reached it for the deciding runs twice during last week's four-game sweep.
It took about 20 minutes to count the mustard-colored ballots that were stuffed into boxes during the meeting.
``This ushers in a new era of labor and management cooperation.'' The decision allowed the MTA to cancel immediately all its contracts with the four private bus operators that have carried most of the agency's passengers during the strike, which began July 25.
During the nine-day walkout, the MTA operated an emergency service for the first time in its history during a strike.
Ms. Dokur said during a news conference that Abequa's family had not previously shown much interest in the children.
The Rangers have lost three consecutive games but have gained a half-game in the American League West during that stretch because Oakland has lost four consecutive.
No single issue stood out during the primary campaign, as all the candidates vowed to do everything possible to avoid a tax increase, despite potentially severe state budget problems.
Graves boasted that during his eight years as secretary of state, his office budget remained stable while the overall state budget shot up.
Murphy said those figures were not unrealistic in comparison with the $3.5 million former Mayor Vince Schoemehl picked up in his home city during his losing run for governor in 1992.
All of the five finalists offered $100 million to $115 million during a six-year period.
Some bowl and TV officials have said the difference could be about $5 million a year or $30 million during a six-year period.
 (BC-YACHT-RACING-NYT) A new addition to the sailing glossary, one acquired here during a recent visit to the Wadawanuck Yacht Club, is ``a horizon job.'' A yacht finishes a race so far ahead of its opponents that it has left them over the horizon.
``It's our view that the Delta spirit is key to this company's success, and we're trying to recapture it during a difficult time,'' Brown said.
He'll compete in all three sports during the Games.
This he told a New York judge during a recent anti-trust suit.
In 1996, he'll compete during the Olympics for the Ukraine, as he did here at the Goodwill Games, but his Nike commercials actually have turned him into a citizen of the world.
Though some tour groups were allowed during the last few years, access remains restricted.
But this week, the 291-year-old navy fortress is likely to appear on the world's television screens as a rocky backdrop for yachting races during the Goodwill Games.
The Kronstadt garrison was crucial during the Russian revolution.
Optional add follows.) What Soviet history books never candidly discussed was the mutiny four years later by an even larger contingent of Kronstadt sailors, who broke with the Bolsheviks in 1921 during the hunger of Russia's civil war.
Poet Ivan Yermolayev, 95, the one known surviving mutineer, received a telegram from Yeltsin saluting him for enduring a ``war unleashed by the totalitarian regime against the people of Russia.'' Two months after his rehabilitation, Yermolayev died at his home 600 miles southeast of St. Petersburg.
Indeed, the accord that was supposed to boost Mexico's ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) during the 1994 presidential campaign has become a liability as Mexican businesses lose sales and lay off workers.
Indeed, the accord that was supposed to boost Mexico's ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) during the 1994 presidential campaign has become a liability as Mexican businesses lose sales and lay off workers.
The CD-ROM format's vast capacity allows the publication of the full million words, or 2,200 diary pages, that Haldeman either wrote or dictated during his five years as White House chief of staff.
``I thought the case could get the students involved and interested in learning.'' Delving into the case certainly piqued the interest of most of the 30 students, who split into groups of prosecutors and defense attorneys during Tuesday's class to determine what Simpson's punishment should have been in the 1989 battery of his wife, Nicole Brown Simpson.
Weeks, 40, has sued Greenstein, 49 for sexually harassing her during the 20 (CQ) days she worked for him in the Palo Alto office of the Baker & McKenzie law firm, which also is a defendant in the lawsuit.
So far, monarchists and their supporters in the Russian Orthodox Church have welcomed the returning Romanovs, who were condemned but not written out of the history books during more than 70 years of communist rule.
That attempt to erase any trace of the last czar occurred during the 1970s, when Yeltsin was the local Communist Party boss.
So far, monarchists and their supporters in the Russian Orthodox Church have welcomed the returning Romanovs, who were condemned but not written out of the history books during more than 70 years of communist rule.
That attempt to erase any trace of the last czar occurred during the 1970s, when Yeltsin was the local Communist Party boss.
``And he was right,'' agreed Stamp during a recent conversation about his newest picture, ``The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert.'' The movie, which won Golden Space Needle Awards at the 1994 Seattle International Film Festival for best picture and best actor (Stamp), opens next week.
Indeed, the accord that was supposed to boost Mexico's ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) during the 1994 presidential campaign has become a liability as Mexican businesses lose sales and lay off workers.
Indeed, the accord that was supposed to boost Mexico's ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) during the 1994 presidential campaign has become a liability as Mexican businesses lose sales and lay off workers.
	But during a heated meeting with United Nations officials Tuesday, the burgmeister and 20 of his colleagues from other communes in Rwanda, refused to cross the border in a car with United Nations banners.
	A reporter who attended the hearing in the High Court in Dhaka said that Miss Nasrin, whose plight had drawn appeals to the Bangladeshi government from Western governments and human rights groups, appeared pale and anxious during her 15-minute appearance.
Horrible things keep happening to people in ``Playland.'' When Broderick wants Lizzie's attention while driving on Sunset Boulevard with her, he tells her about how the Nazis during the occupation of France liked to guillotine people after lying them on their backs and taping their eyelids open so that the last thing they would see before dying would be the descending blade.
I swallowed hard over the sad parts and fidgeted restlessly during the boring ones and said ``wow'' to the many technological cinema tricks.
Tempers frayed and flared during an endurance contest that began Tuesday afternoon and did not end until around 2 a.m. Wednesday.
And even during the concert, the word from backstage was that when Cliburn walked off between each of his solo pieces, he debated for a moment whether to continue.
	Bentsen was treated gently by most of his former colleagues, who preferred to use him as a prop to attack Ms. Hanson and Altman, whom several senators called untruthful during his 10 hours of testimony Tuesday night.
I can't tell you how many people came to my office, or the first lady's or the president's (offices) during the first nine months of the administration and said to us, `Don't do health care reform.
Previous cases were brought during the tenures of Presidents Ronald Reagan and George Bush, who were sympathetic to Colombia's efforts to export something besides coffee and cocaine.
The domestic industry argues that the Colombians sell roses below average costs during the summer.
That same grandmother ran a boarding house for students in Berkeley during the Depression, and my father dropped out of law school at Cal to help her.
He learned of her death during a stopover in Springfield, Ill.
and there are some two-timing, backstabbing sons of bitches.'' 	At a recent taping of the show, Garbarini said he was astonished that nobody was paying attention to the music during breaks for ads.
and there are some two-timing, backstabbing sons of bitches.'' 	At a recent taping of the show, Garbarini said he was astonished that nobody was paying attention to the music during breaks for ads.
Clinton administration officials, who won United Nations Security Council backing on Sunday for a U.S.-led invasion, are distancing the White House from any trip by Richardson, whose spokesman said he may travel to Haiti during the congressional recess in August.
Richardson said,``There was a lot of screaming and shouting'' during the meeting with Cedras, but that he emerged convinced that the Haitian strongman was ``not as intransigent as everybody pictures him to be'' and that ``there's a little flexibility there.'' Richardson, the second ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said upon his return that if Cedras ``makes a move, we shouldn't totally close it off and say that the guy is totally inflexible.'' Richardson said he did not convey a message of compromise or an ultimatum from Clinton to Cedras during their meeting at Cedras' home outside Port-au-Prince on July 18.
Rildia Cliburn remained in Kilgore during the mid-1950s, teaching piano while her son struggled to gain a toehold on the American concert scene.
Rildia and Harvey Cliburn frequently traveled with Van Cliburn during his prodigious early concert tours.
``I was the man behind the curtain,'' he said, recalling that he had shaken Tyson up several times during their training bouts.
The pilots have offered to give up $150 million in wages during each of five years as part of a broader plan that would require other employees to contribute $350 million a year.
In the Senate, the vote on the station came during debate on a $14.4 billion NASA budget, or $400 million more than President Clinton requested.
``We fled for fear of being killed and I know those who go back are being killed,'' said Alphonse Butsingiri, a Hutu, as he recounted the meeting during an interview in the courtyard of a house he has rented on the edge of the refugee camp here.
The news agency quoted Ms. Nasrin as having said that she lived in constant fear of attack during her eight weeks in hiding.
This new signature embodies that understanding and strengthens the connection.'' The Xerox program does not jettison the verb that has become synonymous with the word ``copy.'' Instead, it extends a current trend in corporate image-making toward the revamping of existing trademarks, rather than the radical changes in names and logos that were common during the 1970s and 1980s.
So, even though the salary cap was discussed during testy negotiations Wednesday, even though the players handed management a list of written proposals, the lion's share of the time was spent debating the withholding of the $8 million pension contribution.
But if he was observant during his news conference, the whole world had moved on to a new conflagration of the owners' making: the pension fund.
``Having only recently played Russian roulette with the dollar and barely escaping a severe currency crisis, Clinton administration officials are reloading the gun.'' Heinz Gerber, a Frankfurt, Germany, banker, says, ``The temptation to devalue the dollar for trade purposes is always great among U.S. officials.'' The heaviest criticism comes from European experts who accuse American authorities of browbeating the Japanese because Clinton promised during the 1992 election campaign that he could better George Bush's record for squeezing concessions from Tokyo.
``Japan's economic situation has vastly changed during the past two years, as U.S. officials are fully aware,'' contends Francois Simonet, a former official of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, the world trade organization in Geneva, and an adviser to the French government on Asian trade.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Texans paid $623 million in education costs alone for undocumented immigrants during the 1992-93 school year, he said.
At the root of New York's industrial decline ``is an elitist industrial ideology embraced by an enduring political coalition,'' said David Friedman, a former New Yorker who directs the New Economy Project in Los Angeles, which is examining changes in the economy of southern California.
When I talked with him last week during a break in the taping, Westlake said he was enjoying the process: ``It's sort of interesting.
After Sterling Hitchcock trudged through seven gutsy innings and Jim Leyritz and Randy Velarde clubbed homers, the Yankees only knew that they had done precisely what needed to be done during these strange baseball times by securing first.
The company, which has cut at least 175 jobs during the first half of the year, was expected lay off more people following the completion of a $290 million contract to make mail-sorting equipment for the U.S. Postal Service.
ElectroCom's earnings dropped to $5.2 million for the quarter on revenues of $81 million compared with earnings of $6.7 million on revenues of $98.6 million during the same time the year before.
PETERSBURG, Russia -- St. Petersburg is notorious for bad weather -- autumn floods, snowstorms in May and now a shirt-soaking heat wave that has turned sports sites into saunas, melted the ice in the skating rink and boiled some tempers during the 1994 Goodwill Games.
Dean, who had a three-pack-a-day habit, did not smoke in public even during the breaks.
One or two times a week, the Senate does little business during the day and then stays in session past midnight.
TWA SET TO FURLOUGH UP TO 3,000 EMPLOYEES NEW YORK  (BC-TWA-JOBCUTS-NYT) Trans World Airlines, which is in the midst of a cost-cutting drive, said late on Wednesday that it would furlough up to 3,000 employees, or 11 percent of its work force, during the next 30 days.
The company increased its profits every year during his tenure.
Many experts say they expect much banking business in the future to be conducted using computers or screen phones, despite the lackluster performance of electronic-banking services during tests in recent years.
Five members of the central bank's interest-rate policy committee said in separate interviews this week that unlike many Wall Street analysts, they did not see the huge increase in business inventories during the second quarter as a signal of economic weakness in the months ahead.
But while a rough consensus seems to exist on the interest-rate policy committee in favor of playing down the importance of rising inventories, officials expressed much less confidence in interpreting the sharp slowdown in consumer spending during the second quarter and guessing whether it would continue.
Several of the Federal Reserve officials said the rise in inventories, which accounted for more than half the nation's economic growth during the second quarter, was important because it signaled economic strength for reasons other then business confidence.
LaWare expressed little concern about the recent slowing in sales of cars and new homes, including a 14.1 percent drop in new home sales during June that the government announced Tuesday.
Eaton emphasized that Chrysler was not trying to improve the quality of its Neons just for the three months during which J.D. Power conducts its surveys.
In remarks similar to Eaton's, Fernandez emphasized that any quality changes Chrysler made would benefit all its customers, not just those who bought Neons during the J.D. Power testing period.
For example, Edward Hagenlocker, president of Ford Automotive Operations, warned that the next 10 years would be more difficult for the auto companies than the last 10, during which GM and Chrysler endured record losses.
He said he and Irvan ``did some side-by-side racing up here during a test.
Egan said that Jordanian Justice Justice Hisham Etall had discussed the possibility of extradition during a lengthy meeting Wednesday.
	Trans World Airlines said it would furlough up to 3,000 employees, or 11 percent of its work force, during the next 30 days.
Clinton administration officials, who won United Nations Security Council backing on Sunday for a U.S.-led invasion, are distancing the White House from any trip by Richardson, whose spokesman said he may travel to Haiti during the congressional recess in August.
Richardson said,``There was a lot of screaming and shouting'' during the meeting with Cedras, but that he emerged convinced that the Haitian strongman was ``not as intransigent as everybody pictures him to be'' and that ``there's a little flexibility there.'' Richardson, the second ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said upon his return that if Cedras ``makes a move, we shouldn't totally close it off and say that the guy is totally inflexible.'' Richardson said he did not convey a message of compromise or an ultimatum from Clinton to Cedras during their meeting at Cedras' home outside Port-au-Prince on July 18.
I can't tell you how many people came to my office, or the first lady's or the president's (offices) during the first nine months of the administration and said to us, `Don't do health care reform.
Cox said he later was fired from the station during the 1980s recession in Texas and could not find a job.
Although some of King attorney's also advanced King living expenses during the long court process, Senior Assistant City Attorney Tom Hokinson said he expects King to receive most of the $3.88 million.
Clinton's appearance Wednesday night represented only the third time that the president has gone on national television during prime time and held a press conference.
The president emphasized that while interest rates have risen lately, they fell during his first year in office and are now at roughtly the same level as when he was inaugurated.
Phil Gramm, R-Texas, a Senate panel member who clashed repeatedly with Altman during a marathon hearing Tuesday night, said the deputy secretary has lost the confidence of the committee and of Congress.
Letters of support, donations of food and clothing, and thousands of dollars poured in from people across the country who wanted to help Shames, his wife, Elizabeth, and their son, Christopher, who was born with a heart defect and suffered severe brain damage during surgery to correct the problem.
She died during the bus ride.
That's causing problems for residents and recreation officials during this hot summer because the pond is the only public place in town to swim.
The witness, referred to during a court hearing last week, was identified by law enforcement sources as Frank Chiuchiolo, 45, of Happy Camp, a remote community in California's Siskiyou County near the Oregon border.
Although he sometimes resented Johnson during practices, Gogan staunchly supported the coach.
So far, monarchists and their supporters in the Russian Orthodox Church have welcomed the returning Romanovs, who were condemned but not written out of the history books during more than 70 years of communist rule.
That attempt to erase any trace of the last czar occurred during the 1970s, when Yeltsin was the local Communist Party boss.
So far, monarchists and their supporters in the Russian Orthodox Church have welcomed the returning Romanovs, who were condemned but not written out of the history books during more than 70 years of communist rule.
That attempt to erase any trace of the last czar occurred during the 1970s, when Yeltsin was the local Communist Party boss.
The police solved the case quickly partly because Clines pulled his mask off during the robbery, and Ms. Lehman saw his face clearly.
After Vicki Lehman and her mother, Virginia, who was also in the house during the crime, had given statements to authorities, the prosecutors hired a hypnotist to help them remember the events more clearly.
The president emphasized that while interest rates have risen lately, they fell during his first year in office and are now at roughly the same level as when he was inaugurated.
If the salaries are not restored, a strike vote will be conducted in mid-September, during the first week of the new school year, Bernstein said.
There are a lot of players, a lot of people that need to be satisfied.'' SEC athletic directors discussed alliance options during a conference call Wednesday.
Those worn by a therapist can make a difference during the massage because shoes are about the only thing you can see when you are lying face down on a massage table.
The clearinghouse, which expects to process more than 600 million checks during 1994, estimates that $10 million to $15 million in losses are incurred in Texas each year through check fraud.
destinations come to that same obvious conclusion, it will make it a keener, more competitive environment.'' In fact, the U.S. market share of the number of travelers and dollars spent has decreased during each of the past three years.
The Hawaiian game started with milk bottle caps during the Depression.
If you experience a big jackpot early in the game, you may continue to keep playing even during long dry spells.
So far, monarchists and their supporters in the Russian Orthodox Church have welcomed the returning Romanovs, who were condemned but not written out of the history books during more than 70 years of communist rule.
That attempt to erase any trace of the last czar occurred during the 1970s, when Yeltsin was the local Communist Party boss.
So far, monarchists and their supporters in the Russian Orthodox Church have welcomed the returning Romanovs, who were condemned but not written out of the history books during more than 70 years of communist rule.
That attempt to erase any trace of the last czar occurred during the 1970s, when Yeltsin was the local Communist Party boss.
From a defendant's point of view, the question is whether you surface him now to create some doubt in the jury pool, or do you do it later during the trial?'' Jim Collins, one of San Francisco's leading defense lawyers, said Chiuchiolo had already served his purpose for the defense.
Chiuchiolo's name had been kept secret since defense lawyer Johnnie Cochran referred to a mystery witness during a court hearing last week.
Indeed, we now know that the Bush White House had tried to poach in the regulatory process earlier, apparently hunting for Whitewater game during the presidential campaign.
More close to home, Coca-Cola was quite a political force in Atlanta, especially during the turbulent 1960s.
-- Ushers walking through auditoriums during movies, politely asking people to be quiet.
The slapstick quotient during the band's takeover of Rebel Radio is fairly high, most notably on the part of Michael Richards (Kramer on ``Seinfeld'') as a cowardly, suited employee who spends most of his time crawling through ventilation ducts; Chris Farley, another ``SNL'' regular, as a rotund cop assigned to locate Kayla at a packed rock club; and Michael McKean, playing his umpteenth screen slime ball in Milo, Rebel Radio's program manager.
As with ``Metropolitan'' (Stillman was a deb escort during one of his Christmas breaks from Harvard), questions of ``Barcelona's'' autobiographical content naturally arise.
It was a barren place, and Youth used the atmosphere to bring out the group's ``emotional extremities'' during recording, he said.
Like ``Metropolitan,'' ``Barcelona'' is set during the halcyon days of the Reagan era, when the Cold War was still a reality and anti-American sentiment was rampant in Spain, which was at the height of its post-Franco liberalization.
``The Odyssey of John Dos Passos'' tells of the writer's privileged yet deprived childhood (his millionaire father did not marry his mother until John was 14 years old); his World War I experience as an ambulance driver, out of which came his first novel, ``Three Soldiers''; his radical sympathies, expressed in ``Manhattan Transfer''; his hanging around with other expatriate writers in the Paris of the 1920s; his innovative use of cinematic techniques in ``U.S.A.''; his disillusionment with Communism during the Spanish Civil War, and his sharp turn to the right after World War II.
What happened in France during World War II happened.
But during this production, I kept thinking, ``I don't remember that! That's fascinating!'' Woronicz makes the old tale new partly with brightly polished ensemble acting.
``If Haldeman knew about this, there is no doubt in my mind that Richard Nixon knew about this.'' Nixon's own words continually come back to haunt him during these five hours through the frequent playing of the taped conversations.
``If Haldeman knew about this, there is no doubt in my mind that Richard Nixon knew about this.'' Nixon's own words continually come back to haunt him during these five hours through the frequent playing of the taped conversations.
Waldheim himself has old Croatian connections; he was awarded an honor during the Second World War by Ante Pavelic, the wartime Ustashe leader.
This cited Waldheim's ``efforts for peace'' and ``safeguarding of human rights'' during his time as U.N. secretary-general.
Waldheim himself has old Croatian connections; he was awarded an honor during the Second World War by Ante Pavelic, the wartime Ustashe leader.
This cited Waldheim's ``efforts for peace'' and ``safeguarding of human rights'' during his time as U.N. secretary-general.
Waldheim himself has old Croatian connections; he was awarded an honor during the Second World War by Ante Pavelic, the wartime Ustashe leader.
This cited Waldheim's ``efforts for peace'' and ``safeguarding of human rights'' during his time as U.N. secretary-general.
The book -- a collection of his own thoughts as well as comments by people he has met during the course of his ``wanderings'' -- has surprised him and his publisher by soaring to the top of best-selling lists.
The book -- a collection of his own thoughts as well as comments by people he has met during the course of his ``wanderings'' -- has surprised him and his publisher by soaring to the top of best-selling lists.
	If actually enforced, the announced moves would isolate both the Bosnian Serbs' self-declared state and most of the territories in Croatia that were seized by rebel Serbs during a war there in 1991.
The Grateful Dead evolves through performances, not records, and isn't afraid to fall on its face during its live improvisations.
magazine's prestigious Entrepreneur of the Year award during the winter, only to be greeted by a slide in Bombay's stock price this year to around $11 from $30.
``It takes a lot of product to fill that space, and it takes time to give that product an opportunity to settle in.'' Bombay has had two sluggish quarters, but they've been outside its crucial holiday period, during which the company makes at least two-thirds of its annual profits.
Milosevic has repeatedly employed such tactics whenever he has felt international pressure building up against him during the 27 months of the war, Cousin points out.
Rathe, whose restaurant investments include the successful Gotham Bar and Grill and the recently defunct One Fifth, said, ``We had to devote a lot of attention to the Gotham during its early years.'' But now, he said, ``it's one of the best restaurants in New York City.
Thursday they competed in the short program, but Calla fell during the side-by-side double axels, and they are currently dead last.
Even so, a month after he caught an elbow that fractured a bone in his skull during the U.S. soccer team's 1-0 loss to Brazil during the World Cup, Tab Ramos is on the mend.
store seems to be aimed, ever so slightly, toward the grownups -- those of us who have never quite outgrown the enduring profundity of Wile E.
He served in the Navy as a physical therapist during World War II and then, in 1946, received a master's degree in physical education from the University of Wisconsin.
The 100,000 figure was little more than an effort to give some sound-bite quality to an anti-crime speech that Bill Clinton made during his 1992 presidential campaign.
``It was pulled out of the thin air during the presidential campaign,'' McNulty added, ``but in the end, even the Republicans in Congress are not going to abandon that part of the bill.'' However, William Kristol, director of the Project for the Republican Future, warned congressional Republicans this week that the initiative will do ``virtually nothing'' to stop violent crime.
Sears, Roebuck & Co.'s merchandise group said it sold more appliances during the last week of July than in any other week in its history.
Indeed, local lore has it that George Washington visited the area repeatedly during the Revolutionary War in 1777 and 1778 to urge the local iron forgers to produce more weapons, and he provided Hessian soldiers who were captured in battle at Trenton as additional laborers.
Because the demand for power varies considerably during the day, a pumped storage plant uses cheap, nighttime electricity to pump water uphill and then lets it flow downhill, spinning generators to produce electricity during peaks in demand.
Nobody, in retrospect, understood Kahn's view better than Herb Kelleher, whose remarkable management skills made Southwest Airlines amazingly prosperous during a time when the industry has been hemorrhaging billions of dollars.
But at Radio City Music Hall on Wednesday night, when she opened a two-night stand, the most telling moments came during her ballads.
Despite the original festival's origins as an exercise in ``hippie capitalism,'' at some point during the weekend Woodstock stopped being a festival and became a cultural signpost.
The slapstick quotient during the band's takeover of Rebel Radio is fairly high, most notably on the part of Michael Richards (Kramer on ``Seinfeld'') as a cowardly, suited employee who spends most of his time crawling through ventilation ducts; Chris Farley, another ``SNL'' regular, as a rotund cop assigned to locate Kayla at a packed rock club; and Michael McKean, playing his umpteenth screen slime ball in Milo, Rebel Radio's program manager.
At one point during nearly two days of alibis and finger pointing, Turner's main man in St. Petersburg, Jack Kelly, said it seemed almost a certainty the event would have to be moved because of the bad ice.
Among Djerejian's assets were his service as U.S. ambassador to Syria from 1988 to 1991 and his service during the next two years as assistant secretary of state for Near Eastern affairs.
If enforced, the moves would isolate the Bosnian Serbs' self-declared state and most of the territories in Croatia that were seized by rebel Serbs during a war there in 1991.
entitlement commitments than it seems willing to pay for,'' Congressional Budget Office Director Robert Reischauer said during a recent conference on future entitlements.
entitlement commitments than it seems willing to pay for,'' Congressional Budget Office Director Robert Reischauer said during a recent conference on future entitlements.
Kidd's attorney, Alan Tanenbaum, told the judge that Kidd had agreed to the $4,000 monthly support payments during discussions between both sides earlier this week.
The compounds, home to about 8,000 men plus Zulu families who fled the township during the conflict, are desolate landscapes of smoke-blackened barracks, smashed windows, broken toilets and charred garbage.
Oilers lose Warren Moon, defensive linemen William Fuller and Sean Jones and punter Greg Montgomery to trades and free agency during off-season.
The incident kept alive the perception that Mitchell is a volatile, me-first player, a view many teammates formed during his first season, which he started by reporting to camp out of shape.
In 1971, Namath tore his left knee trying to make a tackle during a Lions' victory, and was sidelined most of the season.
Any such disclosure by Altman, during a meeting at the White House last February, would have been improper, in the view of senators from both parties.
But Altman's version, that he provided only information that was already public, has been corroborated by everyone else with knowledge of the events who has testified during the last two weeks of congressional hearings on the Whitewater case.
And three times at night during the week she remained, front soldiers searched houses.
Independent economists say the report could show that employment has risen by four million jobs since he took office, half the eight million jobs that Clinton had promised to create during his first term.
President Clinton has mentioned the program repeatedly during recent health care speeches, and Senate minority leader Robert Dole, R-Kan., is including an expansion of it in his Republican health care bill.
Brian DeWyngaert, a spokesman for 200,000-member American Federation of Government Employees, said his organization would support expansion as long as federal workers were treated separately during a phase-in period.
The Legislator: A Record Of Few Entries Because he served in the Assembly minority, where the Republicans are reduced to protests of showy symbolism, Pataki achieved little during his four terms there.
The last time the party in power gained House and Senate seats in a mid-term election was in 1934, during the first term of President Franklin D.
The victim, Don Lehman, was beaten with a motorcycle chain and shot in the chest and head during a robbery.
Sanders, who lawyers for Chavis said represented Ms. Stansel during negotiations that led to an out-of-court settlement that could cost the financially strapped civil rights organization as much as $320,000.
Caremark was a division of Baxter International during part of the period covered by the indictment.
At other points during the day Senate Republicans were scornful of the Mitchell bill.
Residents went about their business during the daylight hours, but many said they were curtailing nighttime activities and many spoke of fears of being caught in the cross-hair sights of a madman.
But during his hospital training, he said, he has developed a taste for the thrill of high-tech diagnostics, the respect of generalists seeking advice on difficult cases, the intoxicating power to alter the course of disease.
But the study deemed these mortality figures statistically insignificant because of the low numbers reported during a 10-year period.
Potter and Randall Counties reported 64 cases of chronic lymphocytic leukemia during the period studied, almost twice the state rate.
In the two counties, 253 men died of prostate cancer during the survey period, while the anticipated number was 200.
WHITE HOUSE AIDES DENY PRESSURING ALTMAN TO STAY AS RTC CHIEF WASHINGTON  (BC-WHITEWATER-HNS) Top White House aides denied Thursday they sought to pressure Deputy Treasury Secretary Roger Altman to remain as the chief thrift regulator during a federal probe of an Arkansas savings and loan tied to the Clintons.
Senior White House staff members told the Senate panel they did not ask Altman to remain as chief of the RTC during a Feb.
METHODOLOGY QUESTIONED IN SURVEY ON TV VIOLENCE  (BC-TV-VIOLENCE-475&ADD-NYT) Despite all the attention the issue has received over the last two years, television violence has actually increased during that time, according to a study made public Thursday by a nonprofit research organization in Washington.
METHODOLOGY QUESTIONED IN SURVEY ON TV VIOLENCE  (BC-TV-VIOLENCE-475&ADD-NYT) Despite all the attention the issue has received over the last two years, television violence has actually increased during that time, according to a study made public Thursday by a nonprofit research organization in Washington.
``I love being out in the woods,'' said Babbitt, 56, who started fighting fires when he was 16 in Flagstaff, Ariz., and did it as a summer job during his college years.
She embraced her stepmother, June, who was wounded during the shooting, on Tuesday.
She embraced her stepmother, June, who was wounded during the shooting, on Tuesday.
She embraced her stepmother, June, who was wounded during the shooting, on Tuesday.
She embraced her stepmother, June, who was wounded during the shooting, on Tuesday.
The suspect, Raymond Dennis Smith, 32, of Riverhead, showed little reaction Thursday during a brief court proceeding as Judge Alfred Tisch of Suffolk County Court advised him that he had been indicted on 10 counts of murder and two counts of arson.
By breaking down the sports segments on the 11 p.m. newscasts for L.A. network affiliates KCBS (Channel 2), KNBC (Channel 4) and KABC (Channel 7) during three different two-week periods in 1993 (March 15-28, July 12-25 and Nov.
What women's sports are played at night during the week?
He pulled tapes of all those shows during the study time frame and noted only one ``Hall of Shame'' instance where a critique could have been warranted.
13 and 20, has plans to throw on some movies to fill the time during a pending baseball strike.
Any such disclosure by Altman, during a meeting at the White House last February, would have been improper, in the view of senators from both parties.
But Altman's version, that he provided only information that was already public, has been corroborated by everyone else with knowledge of the events who has testified during the last two weeks of congressional hearings on the Whitewater case.
Out of a combined 10 kickoffs, neither booted one for a touchback during the Raiders-Denver Broncos exhibition game in Barcelona, Spain on Sunday.
``I understand they wanted to get rid of some of the touchbacks,'' he said, ``but I think they could have left (the ball) at the 35 with a one-inch tee or gone back to the 30 with a three-inch tee.'' Fighting fatigue: Head coach Art Shell gave the team a dressing down because he was displeased with their performance during the Thursday morning practice.
That record belongs to Jim Hurtubise at 176.887 mph during qualifications for the 1977 Indy 500.
The importance of Japan as an ally looms less large now that the Cold War is over; Americans disliked Japanese passivity during the Gulf war; they especially dislike Japan's huge and growing trade surplus with America, which could get up to nearly $60 billion this year.
Arthur Alexander of the Japan Economic Institute points out that the image of the Japanese as a threat built up slowly during the 1980s.
The importance of Japan as an ally looms less large now that the Cold War is over; Americans disliked Japanese passivity during the Gulf war; they especially dislike Japan's huge and growing trade surplus with America, which could get up to nearly $60 billion this year.
Arthur Alexander of the Japan Economic Institute points out that the image of the Japanese as a threat built up slowly during the 1980s.
They are notably bad-tempered during the March-to-May mating season, and there were scattered reports of goose aggression.
They are notably bad-tempered during the March-to-May mating season, and there were scattered reports of goose aggression.
Becker has been showing off his serve during the day and his son at night (at the couple's oceanfront hideaway).
Any such disclosure by Altman, during a meeting at the White House last February, would have been improper, in the view of senators from both parties.
But Altman's version, that he provided only information that was already public, has been corroborated by everyone else with knowledge of the events who has testified during the last two weeks of congressional hearings on the Whitewater case.
Waldheim himself has old Croatian connections; he was awarded an honor during the Second World War by Ante Pavelic, the wartime Ustashe leader.
This cited Waldheim's ``efforts for peace'' and ``safeguarding of human rights'' during his time as U.N. secretary-general.
Waldheim himself has old Croatian connections; he was awarded an honor during the Second World War by Ante Pavelic, the wartime Ustashe leader.
This cited Waldheim's ``efforts for peace'' and ``safeguarding of human rights'' during his time as U.N. secretary-general.
Waldheim himself has old Croatian connections; he was awarded an honor during the Second World War by Ante Pavelic, the wartime Ustashe leader.
This cited Waldheim's ``efforts for peace'' and ``safeguarding of human rights'' during his time as U.N. secretary-general.
The book -- a collection of his own thoughts as well as comments by people he has met during the course of his ``wanderings'' -- has surprised him and his publisher by soaring to the top of best-selling lists.
The book -- a collection of his own thoughts as well as comments by people he has met during the course of his ``wanderings'' -- has surprised him and his publisher by soaring to the top of best-selling lists.
This extremely promising material -- about family clashes, summer crushes and more during a 1976 beach vacation -- has been directed by Matty Rich (``Straight Out of Brooklyn'') who doesn't have the maturity to explore the story's wonderful array of characters and contradictions.
``I think it's good,'' she said, as she sipped a free bottle of Fruit Integration during a Fruitopia bus visit to Woodruff Park on Wednesday.
Elizabeth Forsyth Hailey, and not Bradford, is the author of `A Woman of Independent Means.'' Bradford is the author of ``A Woman of Substance.'' NEW EDITIONS HARDBACK FICTION: ``The Mortician's Apprentice'' by Rick DeMarinis (Norton, $21): A humorous, offbeat story about a young man's coming-of-age during the Eisenhower era.
This extremely promising material -- about family clashes, summer crushes and more during a 1976 beach vacation -- has been directed by Matty Rich (``Straight Out of Brooklyn'') who doesn't have the maturity to explore the story's wonderful array of characters and contradictions.
``I think it's good,'' she said, as she sipped a free bottle of Fruit Integration during a Fruitopia bus visit to Woodruff Park on Wednesday.
Elizabeth Forsyth Hailey, and not Bradford, is the author of `A Woman of Independent Means.'' Bradford is the author of ``A Woman of Substance.'' NEW EDITIONS HARDBACK FICTION: ``The Mortician's Apprentice'' by Rick DeMarinis (Norton, $21): A humorous, offbeat story about a young man's coming-of-age during the Eisenhower era.
It's an extraordinary honor and I am delighted,'' Jordan said during a Washington visit last week to brief a Senate committee on the work of the U.S. Commission on Immigration Reform, which she chairs.
As a member of Congress, Jordan is best remembered for her eloquence during the Watergate hearings.
Barbara has such a powerful presence that all the negative feelings that had accumulated during the campaign were put out and the convention became one,'' White said.
The Medal of Freedom, created in 1945 during President Harry S Truman's administration, was renamed the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President John F.
The recording, on the Varese Sarabande label, showcases songs deleted during tryouts of famous musicals -- including such biggies as ``King and I,'' ``West Side Story'' and ``Annie Get Your Gun.'' The rediscovered songs, most in their premiere recordings, are entrusted to today's brightest young Broadway performers.
These selections indicate the many reasons why even fine songs may be cut during the hectic shakedown of a new musical.
Regan Anderson, left, and David Liddle, operate an interactive computer exhibit during a concert in Quonset Point, R.I. on Wednesday, while Allen looks on.
Regan Anderson, left, and David Liddle, operate an interactive computer exhibit during a concert in Quonset Point, R.I. on Wednesday, while Allen looks on.
Regan Anderson, left, and David Liddle, operate an interactive computer exhibit during a concert in Quonset Point, R.I. on Wednesday, while Allen looks on.
Most of the critics seemed to dislike this one during its 1994 theatrical run.
It wasn't easy holding those flags motionless in front of us during the pledges of allegiance to both the American and Christian flags.
We talked about our achievement during happy conversations later on.
Back when I attended, Bible schools were held for several hours during daytime hours.
I am never going to tell you how much money I make,'' Stern said at a news conference during his nationally syndicated radio show.
I am never going to tell you how much money I make,'' Stern said at a news conference during his nationally syndicated radio show.
If the program senses a problem during its ``AutoProtect'' routines, it will automatically write-protect the disk until the problem can be corrected.
At its tourist center, Blackpool shamelessly describes itself as ``a culture-free zone,'' and only the coldest fish cannot find something amusing during a day trip -- three and a half hours from London by train.
Illustrating the powerful bond between the two, Van Cliburn recounted the concert experience before friends, relatives and admirers during Thursday night's visitation at Thompson's Harveson & Cole Funeral Home in Fort Worth.
``At bottom, these observers see the breaking up of secular, rationalist humanism, a philosophy that germinated during the Renaissance, reached full flower in the 18th-century Enlightenment and still permeates Western culture today.'' About time, I say.
Why, in California during that movie (''The Little Rascals''), I met some parents on that set who wouldn't allow their children starring in the movie to play with some of the other children on the set.
Fellow guests during this particular visit included a computer technician from Chicago -- ``I'm here for a week, and my company asked if I wanted something different,'' she says -- a house-hunter, a vacationing couple from Denver and a tourist from New Zealand.
In the end, the most enduring legacy of Woodstock may be that it was a turning point in the selling of youth culture in America.
Among the many cruel twists and ironies that have befallen Rwanda in recent months, the plight of King Faisal Hospital may well be one of the enduring symbols of the frustrations that haved seeped into the heart of this country.
Olinto said most of the Rwandan doctors either had been killed during the civil war or had fled to Zaire and refused to return out of fear.
The generators that are the only source of electricity at the hospital, and the rest of Kigali, are shut off during the day.
The power is turned on from 6 to 10 p.m., during which time Olinto, a surgeon, does his work.
The main hospital was the scene of one of the more horrendous of the many massacres that occurred during the civil war when patients identified as belonging to the Tutsi ethnic group were executed by the dozens.
In between treating the war-wounded and cases of malaria, tuberculosis, malnutrition and AIDS, the staff at King Faisal has had to contend during the last week with cholera, possibly brought from Zaire, where the disease spread among the Rwandan refugees.
Jim Leach, who poured himself wearily into an armchair last week during a break from the House Banking Committee hearing.
i The intervention on June 24 took place during a period when the dollar was again under selling pressure and was trading around the psychologically important level of 100 yen.
And on June 24 we faced very heavy dollar selling, which we met head on.'' Fisher noted that while the dollar failed to respond on June 24 after the round of coordinated intervention, during the following week it traded below 100 yen ``with a relative comfort and stability that I don't think anyone would have anticipated.'' June 24 was on a Friday.
In 1993, during one of the great bond bull markets, Joseph Jett managed to lose $45 million trading Treasury securities.
Grown men who remembered him loaning them money during hard times came to his funeral with tears in their eyes.
The 2-year-old theater, which sat unfinished for months during bankruptcy proceedings, has been the focus of much of the concern over building safety in Branson.
POPE DRAWS IRE FOR CONFERRING KNIGHTHOOD ON WALDHEIM ROME  (BC-POPE-WALDHEIM-NYT) Pope John Paul II has drawn Jewish and Israeli outrage by conferring a papal knighthood on the former Austrian president, Kurt Waldheim, who has been accused by the United States Justice Department of serving with a German army unit that committed atrocities in the Balkans during the Second World War.
The Vatican embassy in Vienna said Waldheim received the knighthood in recognition of his efforts for peace during his tenure as United Nations secretary general from 1972 to 1980.
Many Jewish organizations, however, took issue with what seemed further evidence of an enduring and somewhat mysterious relationship between the pope and a man who stands accused in the United States and elsewhere of helping Nazi occupying forces in the Balkans.
In that same period, however, Pope John Paul has seemed to brush aside the international controversy surrounding Waldheim, who is a Catholic, receiving him at the Vatican in 1987 and meeting him again during a pastoral visit to Vienna in 1988.
Austria's 7.6 million popualtion is more than 80 percent Catholic, and though not as important financially to the Vatican as Germany's Catholics, Austria's played an important role during the cold war in supporting co-religionists in Communist Eastern Europe.
He said he had registered the feeling among the Jewish population that whatever Waldheim ``did during his assignment at the United Nations, it cannot forgive his record during the Second World War.'' Hadas said he expected the formal Vatican explanation to be given within the next few days.
Thomas Renich, director of marketing and international operations, said the company had conducted business in Kuwait since 1974, and that helped win business during the postwar reconstruction.
Three of them have hired a private security company, Tactical Handgun Training, of Kingston, to provide 24-hour armed patrols of their property during the festival weekend.
At the insistence of state and local officials, no tickets will be sold at the site or in the parking lots during the festival, the promoters said.
(Foster, who continued to contribute story ideas during the 70s, died in 1982.) ``We stand out because of meticulous drawing, artful lettering and interesting stories,'' said John Cullen Murphy.
``I have been mystified since I got here about why some of these things are as hard as they are and why they take as long as they do,'' the president declared during a White House celebration of the first anniversary of congressional approval of his economic plan.
The follow-up specials enjoyed some viewership -- the Christmas special was among the highest-rated two-hour show during its time, Schwartz said -- but none were as high as the millions of viewers who tuned into the original series.
This friend was a lawyer who defended clients against blacklisting during the fervor of the McCarthy period, which Nixon helped to foment as a member of the House Un-American Activities Committee.
William Barr, who was attorney general during the Bush administration, told The Associated Press that Starr is ``an excellent lawyer, very fair minded, balanced.'' While Republicans may be happy with the appointment, it was not clear Friday how supporters of Clinton will feel.
Robert Packwood, R-Ore., he served as ``special master'' to hold Packwood's controversial diaries during court arguments over whether the diaries should be made available to the Senate Ethics Committee's investigation of Packwood.
The Rockies stand to suffer large losses during a strike because they lead the major leagues in attendance.
We believe the offer the owners made is a reasonable offer.'' Owners, for the most part, have remained silent during the plodding negotiations for a new collective bargaining agreement.
Some owners blamed Vincent for undermining their effort to get a salary cap and a pay-for-performance plan during the lockout in 1990, the same way some blamed Peter Ueberroth for acting similarly with their salary cap proposal in 1985.
Fee income becomes volatile during a refinancing boom such as the one set off by the three-year decline in interest rates, which bottomed out in October at 6.8 percent for a 30-year fixed mortgage.
In Kansas, where lawmakers have disapproved of Indian gambling, a bill to permit casino gambling beside tracks died for lack of support during the recent session.
9, although some of the ``telecars'' that carry the bags on underground rails continue to collide and fall off their tracks during tests.
SPORTS OF THE TIMES: TORONTO, DREAM TEAM, THE WORLD TORONTO  (BC-BKO-RHODEN-COLUMN-NYT) Maple Leaf Garden never rocked liked this -- not during summer at least.
``They were just trying to find out, `Where is Mexico?' '' Merino laughed, during an interview.
Deputy Treasury Secretary Roger Altman, who admitted giving incomplete testimony during a Feb.
She said the Kansas City office supervisor kept urging her to speak to Lewis and, during lunch, tried to ply her with alcohol, which she refused.
PIT STOPS Ben Hess, 29, was injured in a crash during practice Friday.
Barney Frank, a Massachusetts Democrat who has been one of the White House's strongest defenders during the hearings.
Breslaw also said that during lunch, Richard Iorio, head of investigations for the RTC in Kansas City, encouraged her to have a drink but she declined.
She said Iorio ``prodded'' her to talk to Lewis several times during the day.
Ryan then turned it over to Gonzalez's staff, which released it during Friday's hearings.
Marr, who handles the cue cards, was flipping them during guest host Jay Leno's monologue when an overdose of ink caused two of the cards to stick together.
The news segment is written the day of the show, and at times during the show.
Marr still smarts over ``Melrose Place'' actress Heather Locklear's comments to Letterman after her appearance on the season finale of ``Saturday Night Live.'' She told Letterman the cue-card people dropped the cards during one of the skits.
Her most frightening experience was four hours of being precariously perched on a 10-foot ladder during the filming of an exercise video with actress Estelle Getty.
President Clinton welcomed the news, pointing out that non-farm employment had now risen by 4.1 million jobs since he took office, half of the 8 million jobs that he promised to create during his first term.
For example, the pact would require the Commerce Department to measure the cost of a new products at the end of a start-up period during which costs would presumably be falling.
The Zapatistas' ski-masked leader known as Subcomandante Marcos went out of his way to sharply criticize Cardenas' party during a meeting in rebel territory in May.
That's just the game.'' Few in the closely knit world of forest firefighters play the game as well as the Hotshot crews, an elite group of U.S. Forest Service employees on standby 24 hours a day during the dry summer months for deployment anywhere in the nation.
Regan Anderson, left, and David Liddle, operate an interactive computer exhibit during a concert in Quonset Point, R.I. on Wednesday, while Allen looks on.
Regan Anderson, left, and David Liddle, operate an interactive computer exhibit during a concert in Quonset Point, R.I. on Wednesday, while Allen looks on.
Regan Anderson, left, and David Liddle, operate an interactive computer exhibit during a concert in Quonset Point, R.I. on Wednesday, while Allen looks on.
The state added 8,100 jobs during the month, but revised figures from the previous two months show California has gained only 7,000 jobs since January.
``That's a big part of it: understanding the defense and who you have to block on certain defensive schemes.'' The Raiders are giving Jones a long look during the preseason.
Sprinting is strictly anaerobic, during which a runner drives his heart toward its maximum rate.
The NCAA followed with a second mailing and advertised the clearinghouse during the men's and women's basketball tournaments in March.
Machado, a 20-year-old who is ranked fourth in the world, was unable to catch any quality waves during his 25-minute heat and was upset by Huntington Beach's Jeff Deffenbaugh, a 21-year-old amateur who has yet to make it to the professional level.
Beneath the partisan positioning, though, some analysts see an enduring contradiction in the American psyche.
For 14 days we walked during the night and hid from the armies by day.
For example, after the Justice Department suggested during the Cuban missile crisis that the United States could claim special legal rights in the hemisphere under the Monroe Doctrine, John Kennedy dismissed the notion out of hand, saying: ``The Monroe Doctrine?
Morey Spellman, a pincushion of tubes and needles during his first weeks of life, is now a healthy 10 1/2 (one slash two) pounds and sleeps undisturbed by loud noises and commotion.
Morey Spellman, a pincushion of tubes and needles during his first weeks of life, is now a healthy 10 1/2 (one slash two) pounds and sleeps undisturbed by loud noises and commotion.
``These things are really, really great, but $500 is a lot of money for a game system,'' said Chris Lelong of Canyon Country, a self-described video game enthusiast, who on the eve of his 16th birthday was trying out a demonstration model of Panasonic's REAL 3DO Interactive Multiplayer during a quiet weekday afternoon at the Good Guys in Woodland Hills.
Wearing a bright Hawaiian shirt, he looked during a recent session with Zapata like he would be more at home on a Florida golf course than in a hot North Hollywood office.
That would have been devastating.'' Brylant traced his pedagogic gifts to his experiences as a U.S. Army officer during World War II, when his responsibilities included teaching recruits about Army procedure.
We worked on stage with Chip Monck (revered Woodstock lighting director and co-emcee who warned the audience about the infamous brown acid) and helped mix sound during Richie Havens' opening set.
Freed worked on the piece during a private workshop in Los Angeles this spring, underwritten by the Mark Taper Forum and the University of Southern California.
``They could still be out next season, right?'' I've been a reporter too long to get whipped around by labor or management during a contract dispute, but I nod my head and tell the guy, ``Hey, with these people, you never know.'' My friend winces.
First, there was his son, Andrew, hamming it up during the mayor's inaugural address.
A drummer stands at the bow of the boat, which is decorated with a dragon's head, and beats a paddlers' rhythm during the 640-meter flat-water race.
Berry, of Clarke County Circuit Court, cited North's conviction for obstructing Congress during the investigation into the Iran- Contra affair, which took place when North was on the staff of National Security Council staff during the Reagan administration.
If the owners are concerned about the economic stability of the poorer clubs, take the money the richer clubs would have lost during a strike -- Angelos says the Orioles alone will lose $10 million to $15 million -- and give it to their poorer brethren for 1995 in the name of revenue sharing.
Yet during the last two years, Stephens and Friedland have forged a remarkable bond.
The fund's per-share value has fallen 5 percent during the same period.
The enduring memory is bittersweet.
 (BC-BBA-YANKS-2NDTAKE-NYT) Winfield remembered the attention given the strike vividly because he had become the highest-paid athlete in professional sports after signing a 10-year, $23 million free-agent contract with the Yankees in December 1990 and reporters wanted to know if his landmark deal included a clause allowing him to get paid during a work stoppage.
When Winfield vacationed in Aruba during the strike, reporters found him.
He filled much of Anaheim Stadium during the three-night crusade; his own congregation, Harvest Christian Fellowship in Riverside, Calif., draws 10,000 people a week, placing it high in the ranks of America's ``megachurches.'' Yet relatively few authorities on evangelical trends said in interviews that they had heard of him.
But during the last three weeks, there have been only sporadic shipments, of 70 to 80 tons each, he said.
Starr is expected to meet shortly with Fiske to be briefed on what Fiske had learned during his seven-month investigation.
His crew sprayed a lubricant on the shoe during a pit stop during the yellow flag for the Marcis and Chase crash, and Bodine was once again a hot shoe only in the best sense.
-- The department's inspector general has already concluded that one of Espy's highest-ranking aides, Patricia Jensen, an acting assistant secretary, violated department rules when she sat in Tyson's private box during a basketball game.
The couple sat in Tyson's skybox during the game.
	(NYT3) HAMILTON, Canada -- August 6, 1994 -- BKO-VEGA, 8-6 -- Orlando Vega runs down the court during a World Basketball Championship game against Germany.
	(NYT3) HAMILTON, Canada -- August 6, 1994 -- BKO-VEGA, 8-6 -- Orlando Vega runs down the court during a World Basketball Championship game against Germany.
	(NYT3) HAMILTON, Canada -- August 6, 1994 -- BKO-VEGA, 8-6 -- Orlando Vega runs down the court during a World Basketball Championship game against Germany.
He said that he and a group of friends were arrested one night in Washington during a raid on an apartment of a known drug dealer.
On the strength of his performance during the Goodwill Games, the Minnesota Timberwolves invited Vega to their camp for a tryout in October.
Her slogan for her first political campaign, during the Vietnam War, was: ``I'm 28, I'm running for Congress and I'm angrier than you.'' ``She comes at you with the same intensity, whether it's to ask for a cup of coffee or to get across some passion-felt position of hers,'' one political friend said, speaking on condition of anonymity.
He was hit in the throat during practice and has trouble calling defensive signals.
I don't like the perspective I get with it on during plays like that.
I credit him for some of the things that I've done so far, because he helped me dig inside to bring out Kevin Williams.'' Williams said one day during their junior year of high school, Jimmerson was involved in a fight.
He would get nothing during the strike if he played well enough to stay with the Dodgers.
Strawberry, meanwhile, would have lost more than $19,000 a day during a strike if still earning the $3.5 million salary his Dodgers contract called for this year.
With that, he's better off than most players during the strike, even without his new salary from the San Francisco Giants.
It happened in 1972, when the players went on strike for 13 days before gaining arbitration rights; in '73, when the owners locked players out of spring training in an attempt to eliminate arbitration but opened camp 17 days later; in '76, when the players won free-agency rights; in '80, when the players went on strike during spring training to maintain the status quo; in '81, when players held off owners' demands for a salary cap with a 50-day strike; in '85, when a one-day strike once again fought off the salary cap and increased the pension fund; and in '90, when a 32-day lockout ended with the owners agreeing to make more players eligible for arbitration.
``It's time to do something,'' Reiner said during an afternoon workshop.
``Mr. Ong invoked the Fifth Amendment and refused to answer questions during a staff deposition.'' An organizational chart in the report showed three tongs in Chinatown besides the 140-year-old Hip Sing -- the On Leong Association, which reportedly uses the Ghost Shadows gang; the Tung On Association, reportedly using the Tung On Boys; and the Fukien American Association, reportedly employing a gang known as Fuk Ching.
Charles Price, the orchestra's personnel manager, said that because Rildia Bee Cliburn's death occurred during the symphony's off season, musicians were hastily recruited from as far as San Antonio and Edmond, Okla.
So where does that put the Lakers during this crucial time needed to improve a 33-49 team that failed to make the playoffs for the first time in 18 years?
``It was kind of like everybody was a little nervous,'' said Irvan, referring to the subdued reception given the drivers during their parade lap around the track and individual prerace introductions.
Woodforde snapped at Krajicek during the rest period.
$24.) The inner workings of the White House during the first year of the Clinton administration.
	Racial tensions surface during the trial of a man 	charged with murder in rural Mississippi.
I think in this case there might be a reason for the prosecution to want to bring in motive.'' Relying on Los Angeles County grand jury testimony and other evidence collected during the investigation, prosecutors may try to introduce evidence that Simpson was an obsessive man bent on tracking every move of his former wife.
ADJUSTABLE MORTGAGES ARE MAKING COMEBACK  (BC-MONEY-MORTGAGES-NYT) After falling out of favor during the home refinancing boom of 1992 and 1993, adjustable-rate mortgages are making a comeback, thanks to their rather modest rate increases, a spate of new loan products and heightened competition among lenders.
``It is probably the best hybrid to date.'' Not so new but increasing in popularity is a 7-23 loan, also known as a ``two-step.'' Its rate is fixed for seven years, adjusts during the seventh year and then remains fixed.
There was a rumor during the weekend that the clubs were preparing a surprise proposal for Wednesday's session, the first one this week at which the owners' salary cap proposal is scheduled to be discussed.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Since the demise of Scanlan's in the early '70s, Hinckle has lived in San Francisco, written several books, written columns for both The Chronicle and The Examiner and, his antiwar passions still aflame, published a newspaper, War News, during the Persian Gulf war.
It stunned the advertising world with its legendary ``1984'' television commercial, aimed squarely at IBM, which ran just once, during the 1984 Super Bowl.
``I'm 138 now,'' Cauthen acknowledged during an interview on the eve of his induction.
The players have stood as one in opposition to the owners' salary cap proposal, the sort of unified defiance that caused owners to drop their ill-fated, pay-for-performance proposal in favor of traditional solutions during the lockout of 1990.
``This looks like arena rock,'' the Green Day singer Billie Joe complained during the band's midday set.
Although the first software-related patent was issued in 1968, a Supreme Court ruling in 1981 known as Diamond Diehr, which said that the presence of computer software did not preclude patentability of an invention, opened the floodgates to software patent applications during the 1980s.
But the fund has performed very well despite that.'' The fund has outpaced other world funds during the last two years, but trails the category so far this year.
 (BC-FUNDS-MANAGERS-II-ART-4THTAKE-NYT) Brandon said his company had attracted significant fund support during the last year, and no fund manager had questioned the D'Onofrio deal or his own background.
 (BC-WORLD-REFUGEES-ART-2NDTAKE-NYT) --The weaponry involved, some of it pumped in by the superpowers during years of proxy warfare, is highly destructive, consisting of multiple-launch rockets, missiles, artillery, mortars and -- most pernicious from the point of view of repatriation -- land mines.
Pamela Popeil, a coordinator at a Chicago hospital, walked around with headphones on during Iran-Contra sessions and got a ticket for running a red light during the Clarence Thomas hearings, so engrossed she was in the testimony about him and Anita F.
Another British newspaper, The Sunday Times, said in 1993 that Moya and Powell's soaring Skylon structure at the 1951 Festival of Britain, ``has proved the most enduring of the new forms, even though its physical life was less than a year.'' ``A slim, vertical, illuminated cigar perched seemingly impossibly on tense insect legs,'' the newspaper said, ``it has been a clear and strong influence on such present-day masters as the Spanish architect Santiago Calatrava.'' Moya, who did not use his first name, John, was born in Los Gatos, Calif., to a Mexican-American father, also named Hidalgo, and a British mother, Lilian Chattaway.
A teammate of Lopez's at Harlem's Rice High School, Livingston failed two classes in the spring of his junior year in 1993 and left the team during the Catholic schools playoffs.
An agreement announced last week by the city, the state and Times Square developers makes it all the more likely that the four office towers will eventually be built on the same scale as was envisioned during the halcyon boom of the last decade.
But Foreman, who said he was contacted by gay employees of the Police Department, contends that because of an outdated telephone tracing system, the police were unable to determine exactly where Rawlins was calling from, even though he did give his address, and that the call went on for several minutes, during which his agonized screams were recorded for all his co-workers to hear.
``You've had significant traffic congestion during seasons with half the road work.
Becker emphasized several times during the week that Bollettieri has been great for his game.
Coleman says he has lost 20 pounds during training camp.
St. Petersburg didn't want any crime during the Goodwill fortnight, especially after the U.S. consul warned about the threat to visitors a few months earlier.
Before, during and after each Goodwill Games, there has been widespread speculation this would be the last of Turner's Folly.
Each made his case for sticking with the club during the Raiders' 27-19 victory over the Dallas Cowboys on Sunday at Texas Stadium.
(Foster, who continued to contribute story ideas during the 70s, died in 1982.) ``We stand out because of meticulous drawing, artful lettering and interesting stories,'' said John Cullen Murphy.
$24.) The inner workings of the White House during the first year of the Clinton administration.
	Racial tensions surface during the trial of a man 	charged with murder in rural Mississippi.
ADJUSTABLE MORTGAGES ARE MAKING COMEBACK  (BC-MONEY-MORTGAGES-NYT) After falling out of favor during the home refinancing boom of 1992 and 1993, adjustable-rate mortgages are making a comeback, thanks to their rather modest rate increases, a spate of new loan products and heightened competition among lenders.
``It is probably the best hybrid to date.'' Not so new but increasing in popularity is a 7-23 loan, also known as a ``two-step.'' Its rate is fixed for seven years, adjusts during the seventh year and then remains fixed.
United Press war correspondent Walter Cronkite reports on four major U.S. air attacks against German military and industrial targets during the week, involving more than 8,000 warplanes.
His weight dropped from 170 to 132 pounds during his long ordeal.
12 after an explosion during a test flight in the European theater.
For example, after the Justice Department suggested during the Cuban missile crisis that the United States could claim special legal rights in the hemisphere under the Monroe Doctrine, John Kennedy dismissed the notion out of hand, saying: ``The Monroe Doctrine?
Beneath the partisan positioning, though, some analysts see an enduring contradiction in the American psyche.
For 14 days we walked during the night and hid from the armies by day.
Pamela Popeil, a coordinator at a Chicago hospital, walked around with headphones on during Iran-Contra sessions and got a ticket for running a red light during the Clarence Thomas hearings, so engrossed she was in the testimony about him and Anita F.
 (BC-WORLD-REFUGEES-ART-2NDTAKE-NYT) --The weaponry involved, some of it pumped in by the superpowers during years of proxy warfare, is highly destructive, consisting of multiple-launch rockets, missiles, artillery, mortars and -- most pernicious from the point of view of repatriation -- land mines.
But the fund has performed very well despite that.'' The fund has outpaced other world funds during the last two years, but trails the category so far this year.
 (BC-FUNDS-MANAGERS-II-ART-4THTAKE-NYT) Brandon said his company had attracted significant fund support during the last year, and no fund manager had questioned the D'Onofrio deal or his own background.
(Edward Keating/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT6) NEW YORK -- August 8, 1994 -- BKO-RUCKER-LEAGUE, 8-7 -- Jamal (Stretch) Livingstone emerged as a candidate headed for stardom during the Rucker League final this year.
Lopez/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT5) SARAJEVO -- August 8, 1994 -- YUGOSLAVIA-BOSNIA, 8-7 -- Sarajevans wait last week while the streetcar stops during a round of sniper fire.
(Edward Keating/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT6) NEW YORK -- August 8, 1994 -- BKO-RUCKER-LEAGUE, 8-7 -- Jamal (Stretch) Livingstone emerged as a candidate headed for stardom during the Rucker League final this year.
Lopez/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT5) SARAJEVO -- August 8, 1994 -- YUGOSLAVIA-BOSNIA, 8-7 -- Sarajevans wait last week while the streetcar stops during a round of sniper fire.
(Edward Keating/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT6) NEW YORK -- August 8, 1994 -- BKO-RUCKER-LEAGUE, 8-7 -- Jamal (Stretch) Livingstone emerged as a candidate headed for stardom during the Rucker League final this year.
Lopez/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT5) SARAJEVO -- August 8, 1994 -- YUGOSLAVIA-BOSNIA, 8-7 -- Sarajevans wait last week while the streetcar stops during a round of sniper fire.
(Edward Keating/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT6) NEW YORK -- August 8, 1994 -- BKO-RUCKER-LEAGUE, 8-7 -- Jamal (Stretch) Livingstone emerged as a candidate headed for stardom during the Rucker League final this year.
Lopez/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT5) SARAJEVO -- August 8, 1994 -- YUGOSLAVIA-BOSNIA, 8-7 -- Sarajevans wait last week while the streetcar stops during a round of sniper fire.
Fear, though, as Franklin Roosevelt pointed out during much more desperate times, is a treacherous companion.
We owe it to our children to help each other snap out of this collective nervous breakdown and restore for them some enduring notion of what is ``normal,'' of how things ``ought'' to be.
I get chills during ``The Star-Spangled Banner,'' whether played on the piano by Van Cliburn, belted out by Whitney Houston or sweetly twanged by Willie Nelson.
The governor spent $605,000 on television ads during the same period.
And when it costs $45,000 to buy a 30-second advertisement during the popular ``Seinfeld'' show in Los Angeles -- $15,000 for the same time spot in San Francisco -- those fees add up fast.
Rojas is going to Mexico next week as part of the largest single contingent of U.S. observers who will watch for fraud during Mexico's Aug.
Rojas is going to Mexico next week as part of the largest single contingent of U.S. observers who will watch for fraud during Mexico's Aug.
Some consultants have even planted ``shadow jurors'' in the courtroom during the real trial to let the lawyers know how their strategies are working.
Mitofsky --who conducted exit polls during 1986 presidential elections in the Philippines, 1993 referendum and presidential elections in Russia, and is to do the same in Sri Lanka later this year -- said each country in which he has worked presented unique challenges.
The importance of Japan as an ally looms less large now that the Cold War is over; Americans disliked Japanese passivity during the Gulf war; they especially dislike Japan's huge and growing trade surplus with America, which could get up to nearly $60 billion this year.
Arthur Alexander of the Japan Economic Institute points out that the image of the Japanese as a threat built up slowly during the 1980s.
The importance of Japan as an ally looms less large now that the Cold War is over; Americans disliked Japanese passivity during the Gulf war; they especially dislike Japan's huge and growing trade surplus with America, which could get up to nearly $60 billion this year.
Arthur Alexander of the Japan Economic Institute points out that the image of the Japanese as a threat built up slowly during the 1980s.
They are notably bad-tempered during the March-to-May mating season, and there were scattered reports of goose aggression.
They are notably bad-tempered during the March-to-May mating season, and there were scattered reports of goose aggression.
Let's hope things can change during the regime of Patricia Fleming, a special assistant to Health and Human Services Secretary Donna Shalala.
Thirteen years into the epidemic, TV networks and most local affiliates still refuse to broadcast condom ads during prime time.
Providing clean needles to drug injectors is another enduring AIDS controversy the president and the AIDS czar have ducked.
``But when I bring up these objections, I'm dismissed as a wet blanket who should just calm down and smoke some dope to get at really interesting questions in science.'' She said that she and her co-workers always form strong bonds with the species they are studying, and that they do anthropomorphize the animals during their initial observations.
The researchers found that the northwestward wave was of the same strength and extent as those seen in the tropics during El Nino events, and that it significantly raised sea-surface temperatures in the northwestern Pacific.
``These changes may have influenced weather patterns over the North American continent during the past decade, and demonstrate that the oceanic effects of El Nino events can be extremely long-lived,'' the authors wrote in Nature.
Mitofsky --who conducted exit polls during 1986 presidential elections in the Philippines, 1993 referendum and presidential elections in Russia, and is to do the same in Sri Lanka later this year -- said each country in which he has worked presented unique challenges.
It is because of this threat that the players feel they need to strike during the season, rather than simply wait for the owners to choose the best time for them to dictate new rules.
It is because of this threat that the players feel they need to strike during the season, rather than simply wait for the owners to choose the best time for them to dictate new rules.
For example, during a nationally televised debate between the presidential candidates, Fernandez said to Zedillo, ``We all know that you have been a good boy and got high grades, but in democracy we sincerely believe you fail.'' That was two months ago, when Fernandez's nationwide support was polled at less than ten percent of the electorate.
So far, monarchists and their supporters in the Russian Orthodox Church have welcomed the returning Romanovs, who were condemned but not written out of the history books during more than 70 years of communist rule.
That attempt to erase any trace of the last czar occurred during the 1970s, when Yeltsin was the local Communist Party boss.
So far, monarchists and their supporters in the Russian Orthodox Church have welcomed the returning Romanovs, who were condemned but not written out of the history books during more than 70 years of communist rule.
That attempt to erase any trace of the last czar occurred during the 1970s, when Yeltsin was the local Communist Party boss.
Daytime ensembles will be just as appropriate on city streets when spring approaches as they will be during the winter at resorts.
Gold was found in some chimneys during the 1980's, igniting a rush of precious-metal analysis, though deep-sea mining was deemed so uncertain and daunting as to be far off in the future, if at all.
In concert, this battery of gear will measure the mound before, during and after the drilling, allowing detailed measurements of such things as the changing patterns of the flow of heat and water.
``But the reality is at some point in the child's development they realize that Mom is there forever and the nanny isn't.'' Live-in nanny Lori Machens of Tarzana says domestic workers often feel equally clumsy during the first few weeks on the job.
-- With nannies, consider creating a log or journal that she can fill out during the day.
The unseemly spectacle of top Treasury aides contradicting each other and the secretary during nationally televised hearings has made it inevitable in the eyes of official Washington that Deputy Treasury Secretary Roger Altman and general counsel Jean Hanson will have to go.
Both Bentsen and Altman criticized Hanson during their testimony for not having promptly corrected the deputy secretary in his Feb.
Hanson was even asked during questioning in the House Banking Committee whether Altman was making her the scapegoat.
But when Gramm asked him about any White House-Treasury contacts during the Feb.
Sales of the 1942 children's book ``Curious George'' jumped 25 percent during July, the month the movie, starring Tom Hanks, was released, said Irene Williams of the Houghton Mifflin publishing house in New York.
Others have a subconscious way of helping a particular moment get under your skin, like the use of Jimi Hendrix's ``Hey Joe'' during a scene in which a radical youth slaps Jenny at a Black Panthers gathering.
Try to time a visit during Sunday Mass when the clear, pure voices of a boys choir fill the church.
These so-called ambush marketing tactics have grown bolder during the 1990s, and are often used by those companies that compete with the official sponsors.
``Gene Upshaw should consider giving some of that big bonus he got to those players who are putting their bodies on the line for $162,000 a year.'' Upshaw has said the players had a fair opportunity to voice any objections about the collective bargaining agreement during a series of information sessions the players association conducted before the pact was ratified by the players in 1992.
As an unrestricted free agent during the first year of the system in 1992, McGee left Cincinnati and went to Washington, earning $1.8 million.
Caruso, who grew into an unlikely sex symbol and received an Emmy nomination for his portrayal of the intense but principled detective John Kelly during the show's spectacularly successful rookie season, had demanded that his salary be raised from about $30,000 to a reported $100,000 per episode.
The producers reportedly were sending out feelers during the weekend, seeking actors to succeed or replace Caruso.
Cheney, who headed the National Endowment for the Humanities during the Reagan and Bush administrations, contends that conservatives have been more effective in getting their ideas across to the public because many rejected academic life long ago, finding it inhospitable, and took up residence in think tanks.
When he met the pope during a visit to Rome last June, President Clinton said he did not favor abortion on demand but acknowledged abiding differences with the pope over his policy that abortion be ``safe, legal, and rare.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
Others have a subconscious way of helping a particular moment get under your skin, like the use of Jimi Hendrix's ``Hey Joe'' during a scene in which a radical youth slaps Jenny at a Black Panthers gathering.
Dante, which went more than 650 feet down into the crater during its explorations last week, had climbed to within 400 feet of the rim at the time of its mishap.
Turner said that until the recent incident involving the Horizon, no cruise ship had been prevented from sailing during his six years in the inspection program.
Traders expect that the uncertainty will greatly limit any retail demand during the refunding, which begins with a $17 billion auction of new three-year notes Tuesday, followed by $12 billion of new 10-year notes Wednesday, and $11 billion of 30-year bonds Thursday.
In the fall, the museum plans to follow up the dinosaur exhibit with an ambitious re-creation of the evolution of mammals and humans during the Ice Ages.
MARKET PLACE: WPP GROUP GENERATING GOOD NEWS AGAIN LONDON  (BC-WPP-MARKETPLACE-425&ADD-NYT) After years in which its survival seem threatened by a bloated debt load and the pinch on marketing budgets caused by the recession, WPP Group PLC, the London-based advertising holding company that is an important force on Madison Avenue, has generated a steady stream of good news during the last 12 months.
Kennedy had flown to Chavez' Delano, Calif., home, to be with Chavez when he ended the fast -- one of several Chavez used during his five-year nationwide boycott of California citrus and grape growers to press for non-violent social change.
Morey Spellman, a pincushion of tubes and needles during his first weeks of life, is now a healthy 10 1/2 (one slash two) pounds and sleeps undisturbed by loud noises and commotion.
Morey Spellman, a pincushion of tubes and needles during his first weeks of life, is now a healthy 10 1/2 (one slash two) pounds and sleeps undisturbed by loud noises and commotion.
Oil prices soared following the 1973 Yom Kippur War and then doubled during 1978 to $28 a barrel.
 (BC-FUNDS-MANAGERS-III-ART-2NDTAKE-NYT) And, indeed, scandals in the mutual fund industry during the last few decades have tended to be less common than in the stock market as a whole.
``That's why our committee is focusing more on what information is disclosed at the point of sale, during the sales presentation and in the sales literature,'' Cortese, the Vermont regulator, said.
Mr. Levitt has proposed adding 150 examiners during three years to the 183 already on staff -- up from 110 two years ago.
RWANDAN GOVERNMENT AGREES TO SUPORT INTERNATIONAL WAR-CRIMES TRIBUNAL UNITED NATIONS  (BC-RWANDA-U.N.-NYT) The new government of Rwanda agreed on Monday to support an international war-crimes tribunal to judge those accused of genocide during the civil war, and not to prosecute or punish the criminals itself.
Shattuck said he made the agreement during talks with the Rwandan vice president and defense minister, Paul Kagame; Prime Minister Faustin Twagiramungu, and Justice Minister Alphonse-Marie Nkubito.
He often said during the season that players like Mattias Nordstrom and Jody Messier, two young defensemen, perhaps deserved more playing time.
	Coffee futures prices plunged more than 12 percent in a free fall that suggested roasters had bought all the beans they needed during the market's recent explosive rally.
``Is this a project conceived during the Cold War, which was not awakened by the realities of the change that followed after the Cold War?'' he asked.
While people in the industry say Nike's campaign during the 1984 Olympics here, featuring Michael Jordan, awoke the advertising world to the power of the billboard, most credit Calvin Klein with showing them how to use it as street art.
``CALL CONGRESS 202-225-3121'' flashed on the screen during a Democratic TV commercial Monday that showed President Clinton pleading, ``Tonight, as the critical vote approaches, call your senator and members of Congress and let them know what you think.'' (Story can end here.
Optional add follows) One reason for the uncertainty is that the legislative process is more complex than it was during the Social Security and Medicare debates: -- Cost estimates are more influential because of concerns over the gigantic national debt.
His name regularly appeared on the short list of potential Supreme Court nominees during the Reagan and Bush administrations, and, associates say, he recently gave considerable thought to entering the Senate race in Virginia.
A former associate dean of the State University of New York, Delaney became president of Manhattanville College, in Purchase, N.Y., in 1974, serving for a year during a period of great transition for the institution.
Researchers from the United Nations also estimate that, in the next two decades, 730 million new workers in the developing world will need jobs -- a 41 percent increase over the number of workers added in those regions during the past 20 years.
(Edward Keating/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT6) NEW YORK -- August 8, 1994 -- BKO-RUCKER-LEAGUE, 8-7 -- Jamal (Stretch) Livingstone emerged as a candidate headed for stardom during the Rucker League final this year.
Lopez/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT5) SARAJEVO -- August 8, 1994 -- YUGOSLAVIA-BOSNIA, 8-7 -- Sarajevans wait last week while the streetcar stops during a round of sniper fire.
(Edward Keating/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT6) NEW YORK -- August 8, 1994 -- BKO-RUCKER-LEAGUE, 8-7 -- Jamal (Stretch) Livingstone emerged as a candidate headed for stardom during the Rucker League final this year.
Lopez/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT5) SARAJEVO -- August 8, 1994 -- YUGOSLAVIA-BOSNIA, 8-7 -- Sarajevans wait last week while the streetcar stops during a round of sniper fire.
(Edward Keating/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT6) NEW YORK -- August 8, 1994 -- BKO-RUCKER-LEAGUE, 8-7 -- Jamal (Stretch) Livingstone emerged as a candidate headed for stardom during the Rucker League final this year.
Lopez/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT5) SARAJEVO -- August 8, 1994 -- YUGOSLAVIA-BOSNIA, 8-7 -- Sarajevans wait last week while the streetcar stops during a round of sniper fire.
(Edward Keating/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT6) NEW YORK -- August 8, 1994 -- BKO-RUCKER-LEAGUE, 8-7 -- Jamal (Stretch) Livingstone emerged as a candidate headed for stardom during the Rucker League final this year.
Lopez/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT5) SARAJEVO -- August 8, 1994 -- YUGOSLAVIA-BOSNIA, 8-7 -- Sarajevans wait last week while the streetcar stops during a round of sniper fire.
 (BC-FBN-CHIEFS-KAN) Since he hasn't removed his baseball cap during either of the Kansas City Chiefs' two exhibition games, Steve Bono is understandably eager about the first time he can use his helmet.
IN CHINA, IT'S TIME FOR 10,000 HOOPS TO BLOOM TORONTO  (BC-BKO-WORLD-1STLD-WRITETHRU-NYT) One night during the first round of the world basketball championships, the coaching staffs of the United States and China sat down to dinner, and had an exchange of ideas.
``CALL CONGRESS 202-225-3121'' flashed on the screen during a Democratic TV commercial Monday that showed President Clinton pleading, ``Tonight, as the critical vote approaches, call your senator and members of Congress and let them know what you think.'' (Story can end here.
Optional add follows) One reason for the uncertainty is that the legislative process is more complex than it was during the Social Security and Medicare debates: -- Cost estimates are more influential because of concerns over the gigantic national debt.
Jones was the last of four people who had claimed that they had been tenants of Northridge Meadows during the Jan.
``I hit that ball pretty much on the screws,'' said Benzinger, using a line that Will Clark made famous during his years as a Giant.
Even after he tried to wrestle a camera from a black Birmingham TV photographer during the fire, Sheriff Larry Colley defended him.
It was from Jacksonville that the Saratoga sailed on more than 20 tours of duty, and to which it returned after several months at sea -- sometimes during peace, sometimes during war.
To guarantee repayment of the loan, the foundation last week launched the ``Save Our Sara'' campaign to raise $4.5 million -- to be donated during the next five years -- from companies and individuals.
It is also sufficiently authoritative, as Wister during his youth spent a year in Wyoming, where his most famous novel is set.
Reeve, who lives in Houston, worked on federal issues for Texas Eastern during the 1980s.
``I got to know my family a great deal better,'' says Emmett, a former state representative from the Houston area who served on the ICC during the Bush administration.
Reeve, who lives in Houston, worked on federal issues for Texas Eastern during the 1980s.
``I got to know my family a great deal better,'' says Emmett, a former state representative from the Houston area who served on the ICC during the Bush administration.
It seemed like a little cameo of Japanese woman: retaining her graceful poise while enduring the hardships of a society that frowns on bare legs.
Last month, hundreds of female university graduates staged a demonstration in Hibiya Park in central Tokyo, protesting against the refusal of corporations to hire women during the current recession.
It seemed like a little cameo of Japanese woman: retaining her graceful poise while enduring the hardships of a society that frowns on bare legs.
Last month, hundreds of female university graduates staged a demonstration in Hibiya Park in central Tokyo, protesting against the refusal of corporations to hire women during the current recession.
	However the decrees, signed during an opportune parliamentary recess, are likely to meet with strong resistance from the Parliament, controlled by the revived Communist Party, which is hostile to both reform and a strong presidency.
	However the decrees, signed during an opportune parliamentary recess, are likely to meet with strong resistance from the Parliament, controlled by the revived Communist Party, which is hostile to both reform and a strong presidency.
Criticism of Walesa has grown so much that the public is questioning the widely held view that his presence automatically adds stability during Poland's transition to full democracy and a free market economy.
18, and run for nine days during the subsequent two weeks.
As she scanned a tip sheet and eyed the lineup from trackside through dark sunglasses, the woman declined to identify herself -- ``They'll know who I am'' -- but admitted that some days she calls in sick during the annual summer racing at the track.
``I just don't care to talk about it.'' Despite the large proportion of civil servants in the area work force, no state workers were among those interviewed, and several state agencies reported no increase in sick days during late July and August.
But Updike was caught on another front during his surreptitious preparations for the afternoon of betting.
There is more legal basis for re-opening the question of the White House-Treasury contacts, given the contradictory testimony offered during the congressional hearings by administration officials.
He added that the failure to take medication is ``a main reason why a third of patients released from hospitals never show up for their first appointment.'' By giving the injectable medication, Weiden said, ``we stand a much better chance of seeing the patient functioning two weeks later at their first outpatient clinic visit, rather than on the street or in the hospital emergency room during an episode of acute schizophrenic relapse.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
``If I had to go in there and try and control them with brute strength -- no way.'' Taking care of the tigers is a constant job, Taylor said, even during the off-season when the circus is in winter quarters in Florida.
``The language is open to various interpretations, and unless we tighten it up during the convention it's likely to lead to local option -- meaning that each diocesan bishop could interpret it as he pleases,'' MacNaughton said.
On those busier days during the weekend, it becomes harder to tell reality from illusion -- especially when some museum visitors try their skill at standing still, Higgins said.
One blowup occurred last week, when Abbado objected to Mortier's plan for the use of supertitles during ``Boris,'' a production shared with the Easter Festival.
In 1977, Leighton Jordan, captain of Skidmore's polo team, and Hal Chaffee, a summertime resident of Saratoga, decided to resurrect the sport during track season.
Polo attracted crowds of up to 4,000 to Saratoga during its heyday, 1895 through 1987, said Robert E.
Officials have said they expect to place about 500 women on about 30 surface combat ships during the next three years.
And along with Wayne Lukas and other talent scouts, he will be one of the key players and major spenders during the next three evenings at the auction.
A week or two before the school bus starts its rounds again, he said, parents ``need to begin to encourage and monitor their children's sleep habits and encourage good eating habits.'' The daily schedules of most children get ``out of whack'' during the summer, and the first few days that begin at 6:30 or 7 a.m. aren't necessarily very productive.
Dougherty, from DeLaSalle, concurred on the importance of students' reading something -- anything -- during the summer.
Yet during the last two years, Stephens and Friedland have forged a remarkable bond.
The fund's per-share value has fallen 5 percent during the same period.
But the fund has performed very well despite that.'' The fund has outpaced other world funds during the last two years, but trails the category so far this year.
(MORE) Brandon said his company had attracted significant fund support during the last year, and no fund manager had questioned the D'Onofrio deal or his own background.
(MORE) And, indeed, scandals in the mutual fund industry during the last few decades have tended to be less common than in the stock market as a whole.
``That's why our committee is focusing more on what information is disclosed at the point of sale, during the sales presentation and in the sales literature,'' Cortese, the Vermont regulator, said.
Mr. Levitt has proposed adding 150 examiners during three years to the 183 already on staff -- up from 110 two years ago.
All told, prosecutors said, the city lost more than $10 million in dumping fees through the scheme between 1988 and 1992, or about 20 percent of its income from dumping during the four-year period.
Putting the structure underground allowed architects to restore a large central glade to the campus and relieved school officials worried about safety during an earthquake.
``Dances With Wolves'' infused the state of South Dakota with $12 million in production money, and $10 million was spent in British Columbia during the filming of of ``Roxanne.'' And Winterset has already reaped income from ``Bridges.'' Robert James Waller's book, on the New York Times best-seller list for two years, has increased local retail business by up to 30 percent, according to Ms. Ellis, thanks to thousands of romantic tourists retracing the ill-fated steps of Robert Kincaid, a rugged yet sensitive National Geographic photographer with a penchant for naming trucks, and Francesca Johnson, the lonely farm wife who falls in love with him and then carries a torch for 30 years.
Marcia Clark, the deputy district attorney who often traded testy remarks with Shapiro during the preliminary hearing last month, concurred with Shapiro's request that the court exercise discretion over the release of sensitive material.
19 to say whether he would disclose the contents of a sealed envelope, the ``mystery envelope'' that was delivered to a special court judge during the preliminary hearing.
Jesse Jackson spoke up strongly for the pro-democratic campaign during his recent visit to Nigeria.
``The court believes such a man when he professes obedience to the law, as he did expressly during the trial,'' the ruling said.
``I've been traveling the world for 15 years doing this -- the Iran-Iraq war, Somalia, Beirut, Chad during the Chad-Libyan war, and I've never seen anything like this,'' said Dr. Fernando de la Victor Nobre, a Portuguese surgeon, who talked as he operated in the trauma tent.
Although the comparisons to Hollywood can be silly, there are signs that Miami may find an enduring niche in the movie and television businesses.
North said as much Friday, when he was asked about Wilder during a campaign swing in the Shenandoah Valley.
North said as much Friday, when he was asked about Wilder during a campaign swing in the Shenandoah Valley.
``This looks like the same kind of tough vote we've faced time and time again,'' said Leon Panetta, White House chief of staff, referring to cliffhangers on major legislation during President Clinton's term.
Players are paid twice a month during the season, the 15th and the last day of the month.
The union said players should hold no organized workouts during the strike and may appear at public events, as long as they aren't sponsored by the owners.
A White House aide well acquainted with the political operation said that Panetta had told Wilhelm during a series of conferences that he wanted Coelho to have a major role in the party's planning.
Yet McDonald's went on to be a highly profitable company, and during the 1973-1993 period a $10,000 investment reaped a respectable $123,362.
Yet McDonald's went on to be a highly profitable company, and during the 1973-1993 period a $10,000 investment reaped a respectable $123,362.
In an embarrassing episode in May, President Lee Teng-hui of Taiwan was not allowed to leave his airplane or sleep overnight on U.S. soil during a refueling stop in Hawaii on his way to Central America.
The greatest violation of the agreement on military sales occurred in 1992, when President George Bush agreed during his re-election campaign to sell 150 F-16 fighters to Taiwan for $5.9 billion.
Last season, the Mets won 31 on the road during the complete season.
Dealers and traders have worried that a rate increase during the quarterly refunding could leave them holding new notes and bonds that would be hard to sell.
U.S. OUTPOUT OF WORKERS DOWN 1.2 PERCENT  (BC-ECON-REPORT-NYT) In a sign that the current business expansion is reaching a mature phase, the Labor Department reported on Tuesday that the productivity of American workers fell during the second quarter -- the first decline in more than a year.
And, in a report economists said could lead the government to revise downward its estimate of second-quarter growth in coming months, the Commerce Department said stockpiles of unsold wholesale goods fell during June.
The 1.2 percent drop in productivity during the second quarter followed gains of 4.1 percent and 4.9 percent in the third and fourth quarters of 1993 and a revised 2.9 percent rise in the first three months of 1994.
Previously, the Labor Department had reported a 1.9 percent gain in productivity during the first quarter.
Analysts noted that the big gains during the latter half of last year were consistent with an economy in an early phase of expansion, a period when businesses, in an effort to control costs, work employees longer and harder rather than add to payrolls.
Meanwhile, total business productivity, including farming, fell by 1.4 percent, after rising 2.8 percent during the first three months of the year.
The wholesale inventory number for June follows an earlier report from manufacturers which showed their inventories were virtually unchanged during that month.
That clearly had to stop, and I made a focus on consultants a priority in my restructuring efforts.'' The consulting contracts examined in the study were signed from 1991 through 1993, during the tenure of former Chancellor Joseph A.
But the operations made a profit during June, and Correll said he was hopeful that the division would show a net profit for the year.
Fauci said the lymph nodes, where the virus remains during its so-called dormant state, appear virtually undamaged in long-term survivors.
And with fans across the country organizing walkouts during the final games this week, the pressure to take action may become irresistible.
Not all players dissent, and the union happily points to a compensation system that produced an $11.1 million contract for Scott Mitchell, the free-agent quarterback who left the Miami Dolphins for the Detroit Lions during the off season.
``We believe that a market ought to determine both the individual, and more importantly, the aggregate salary rates,'' Fehr said during a recent television interview.
Commercial time will be bought in 23 large markets during local station breaks in programs like ``Frasier,'' ``Northern Exposure'' and ``Seinfeld.'' 
He put his expertise in the administration and function of boards to work during 26 years with the Federation of Protestant Welfare Agencies.
``In the history of the world, there has never been greater scrutiny, greater access or greater press coverage of a trial,'' defense attorney Robert Shapiro told Judge Lance Ito on Tuesday during a hearing on media requests seeking access to crime scene photos and transcripts from closed hearings.
Ito said jurors will be told to expect the trial to extend through the end of the year and that they will be sequestered during deliberations.
Last week, prosecutors filed a motion under seal which argues that the undisclosed contents of the envelope submitted by the defense during Simpson's preliminary hearing should be revealed to them.
Arguing on behalf of various print, television and radio media, Sager also asked Tuesday for access to crime scene photographs and transcripts of private sessions in the judge's chambers that were held during the preliminary hearing.
 (BC-SIMPSON-KILLINGS-2ndtake-LADN) Shapiro asked the court to serve as ``sanctuary'' for information that may never be introduced as evidence during the trial.
Some Republicans believe they can hurt Democrats' chances in the November elections if they kill the health care initiative, one of the key promises made by Clinton during his 1992 presidential campaign.
The strategy will be to offer programming to stations that already are signed with another network, but allow them to broadcast Paramount shows during non-prime time hours, he said.
His best-known book was ``Lest Innocent Blood Be Shed'' (1979), which told the story of the French Protestants of Le Chambon-sur-Lignon, who provided a haven and safe passage abroad to 2,500 Jews during World War II.
The strategy will be to offer programming to stations that already are signed with another network, but allow them to broadcast Paramount shows during non-prime time hours, he said.
That would mean a doubling of the company's contingent during heavy production times.
That would mean a doubling of the company's contingent during heavy production times.
He also said that all efforts would be made to make certain that jurors have no ouside contact during the trial.
You're going there during the monsoon season.'' Despite that, most of the message was positive; stories about beautiful cities, unlimited shopping and, well, experimental dining.
The ducts broke during the quake, allowing asbestos fibers to circulate through the air vents into the home.
Team punishment was an internal matter, Mason said then, and Henley's sentence turned out to be an emotional apology during a team meeting and, as Henley calls it, ``some 6 a.m.-type running.'' Mason received letters from those who suggested anything less than a suspension for the Missouri game, spring practice or even the 1994 opener was insufficient punishment.
When Henley was slowed by minor injuries during spring practice, Sanders, a sophomore from St. Petersburg, Fla., emerged as the top back entering fall.
You can never stay unified during a strike, and your proposal is an invitation to strike.
``My mom came down to Dallas and was with me, and she kind of lifted my spirits.'' Lassic's injury crushed the hearts of Cowboys coaches who watched him work hard during the off-season.
Nothing's fair, and nothing's right.'' Brodsky was hoping Lassic could carry a bigger load this season, especially during training camp, when running backs are scarce.
Each campaign says it is just fighting back and cannot allow the other side to get any advantage during these summer months, especially with the prospect of the O.J. Simpson trial dominating television and newspaper coverage during the fall.
``(Huffington) started advertising during the Olympics in January and February and quickly moved to an attack mode,'' Feinstein campaign manager Kam Kuwata said.
We have been talking about her record and what she's done for the people of California during her short time in the Senate.'' Huffington's campaign disputes that.
``Our most recent ad (on welfare reform) was shot during one of his speeches.
King rehired Lerman last week to help him during the settlement talks.
As part of that effort, it clarified the league's chucking guidelines during the off-season.
The NFL passed a series of rules governing pass coverage during the 1970s.
Tucker said he will recommend to the executive committee of the TCU Board of Trustees that the university accept the membership terms during a meeting scheduled tomorrow afternoon.
Surprisingly, O'Neill explained that he never hits in the off season and he will not alter his routine during a strike.
So it is against this bleak backdrop that Claire will meet today with manager Tom Lasorda and his coaching staff, both to discuss their assignments during a prolonged strike and to decide what roster moves -- if any -- the team will make following Thursday afternoon's series finale.
As it stands now, Offerman will be the highest-paid player in the organization during the strike, despite having played himself out of the big leagues.
Kemp atoned for those mistakes, though, with three baskets during a 14-3 run that allowed the Americans to take control of the game for good.
Participants spent an estimated $37.7 million during the show for expenses such as lodging, rental cars and food, said Kim Arculeo of the Atlanta Convention and Visitors Bureau.
The economic impact does not include retail items purchased during the show.
And besides, in fairness, history has proved Jerry Lewis to have a great deal more on the ball as an innovator than anyone was willing to credit him with during his moviemaking heyday.
They are preferable, nonetheless, to enduring the queasy spectacle of watching Pauly Shore mug, shriek and lurch his way through ``In the Army Now.'' ``In the Army Now'' Rating: 1 1/2 stars on a scale of 1 to 5 Director: Daniel Petrie Jr. Featuring: Pauly Shore, David Alan Grier, Andy Dick, Lori Petty Rated: PG -- mature themes, language, violence 
FOOD SUPPLIERS PREPARE FOR 200,000-PLUS AT WOODSTOCK ALBANY, N.Y.  (BC-WOODSTOCK-FOOD-HNS) Until Woodstock '94, the most dinners David Koo ever served was 800 during a pre-Christmas rush at the Hudson Valley Mall in Kingston, N.Y. That record will seem will seem like small potatoes when this summer's monumental rock extravaganza unfolds.
FOOD SUPPLIERS PREPARE FOR 200,000-PLUS AT WOODSTOCK ALBANY, N.Y.  (BC-WOODSTOCK-FOOD-HNS) Until Woodstock '94, the most dinners David Koo ever served was 800 during a pre-Christmas rush at the Hudson Valley Mall in Kingston, N.Y. That record will seem will seem like small potatoes when this summer's monumental rock extravaganza unfolds.
These analysts say the pope knew that honoring the former United Nations secretary-general and ex-president of Austria would stir strong condemnation because of Waldheim's record as a World War II officer who lied about belonging to a German army division that committed atrocities in Yugoslavia during World War II.
``But they know they're going to see the `Smash for Cash.''' The ``Smash'' takes place during the middle of the seventh inning of every San Jose game.
From ticket sales to toilet paper supply, Delsener makes sure everything is in place before, during and after a band goes on stage.
``We Russians teach the American children skills; they see how much better they can become,'' said Ms. Yudina, who also currently runs the Moscow office of Circus Smirkus (the Russians pronounce it SMEER-kus.) ``The Americans teach our children how to laugh, how not to be so nervous, how to relax.'' The murmur of Russian translation is a constant during practices.
``It was very important for me that they understand that I'm not just the name behind the company, that I'm not just selling my name, that I am part of the company,'' Iman said during a recent telephone interview.
Both are part of the administration's plans to make up the decline in the national homeownership rate during the 1980s -- from 65 to 63 percent -- and to help public housing residents move from poverty-ridden inner cities to suburban areas.
Roberts said that Graham sometimes got ``rattled'' during games and was ``thinking too much.
The Texas League maintains four two-man crews, who travel more than 11,000 miles during a season dispensing baseball justice.
Most umpires work a second job during the off-season.
The closest person to an umpire during the season is his partner.
He led the Senate Committee on Labor and Industry in the 1960s and the Committee on Education during his final term.
The decrees, signed during a parliamentary recess, are likely to meet with strong resistance from parliament, controlled by the revived Communist Party, which is hostile to both reform and a strong presidency.
That year, a multitude of issues drove the players and owners to distraction during negotiations as they followed the bouncing ball from television revenues to salary arbitration to a salary cap to free agency improvements.
The alleged abuses by Norelus were discovered during a recent U.S. Embassy investigation.
You don't get but one 10-minute break every hour while they change the tape.'' He admitted he needed ``850-and-something'' retakes during his sessions.
The navigation season would be cut short in its most profitable season, during harvest.
What's more, the corps is proposing rules that would make it easier for shipping to be cut off in midsummer during droughts.
But cutting the season short -- during harvest -- hurts the most.
Those states have launched legal and political battles to bottle up more of the Missouri in the lakes during droughts, making the channel too shallow to float barges.
Both the shipping and tourism industries reeled during the long dry spell that preceded the flood of 1993.
Fehr is even given to telling jokes during news conferences now, something that was unheard of in 1985.
He served a prison term for cocaine and gun possession, during which he managed to quit drugs.
Jones, a former employee of the Arkansas Industrial Development Commission, charged that Clinton asked for oral sex in a Little Rock hotel room in 1991 during a state business promotion meeting at the hotel.
But during the last year Montclair's tranquil racial waters have been disturbed.
And if it begins to produce stereotypes of inferiority and superiority, clearly it has failed.'' This September Montclair will impose racial guidelines for class enrollment that were adopted during a long and tense board meeting last month.
``Achievement should not be watered down to the point that we're all geniuses,'' said one parent during a July school board meeting.
``The word has to have some meaning.'' It was during that meeting that the board rejected calls for racially balancing all classes and adopted less stringent guidelines proposed by the district's staff.
Seven members of the policy committee expressed some of these worries in separate interviews over the last week, although they were also slightly concerned about a large buildup in inventories during the second quarter that could take a while to sell.
An anti-convulsive drug, trimethadione, taken during pregnancy by his mother, Tammy, an epileptic, had caused a fetal syndrome that left Eric with telltale physical signs like ears that curl downward and are set low on his head.
-- GLENN FOLEY gets a chance at quarterback during the two-minute drill on Saturday against the Eagles.
``It's definitely not helping.'' ``For the small advertiser in particular,'' he added, ``it's hard to commit to us when we don't know for sure if we'll be on the air.'' Yet for several reasons, it is baseball, not the advertisers, that is much more likely to suffer dislocations from a strike than was the case during the seven previous work stoppages -- or play stoppages, as it were -- in the last two decades.
Noe, a 23-year old soldier from nearby Las Magaritas who said he doesn't use a last name, took shelter during the rain with a group of visitors.
CBS-TV, which took such a financial beating in its baseball contract during 1990-93, will be the early beneficiary of a strike.
The Canadian Football League, arena football and boxing will be ESPN staples during a baseball strike.
``We talked about carrying minor-league games, but there was not a lot of interest in doing that.'' Salaried employees of the network, including announcers Denny Matthews and Fred White and producer Don Free, will be paid during the strike, even though the network will not have any revenue.
``It's definitely not helping.'' ``For the small advertiser in particular,'' he added, ``it's hard to commit to us when we don't know for sure if we'll be on the air.'' Yet for several reasons, it is baseball, not the advertisers, that is much more likely to suffer dislocations from a strike than was the case during the seven previous work stoppages -- or play stoppages, as it were -- in the last two decades.
And it was in that arena that he brainstormed what would be his most enduring television inventions.
Olson, a lawyer who represented President Ronald Reagan during and after he left office, said in an interview Wednesday, ``We would have been extremely reluctant to advance such a defense on behalf President Reagan for numerous reasons, including concern that doing so would have been widely and sharply criticized as an act of an imperial, arrogant and unaccountable presidency.'' The defense motion had been expected.
``I'm glad you got out of that meeting when you heard the Great One was on the phone,'' he practically hollered into the telephone receiver recently during a morning ritual he calls `dialing for dollars.' His news conferences have been no less colorful, some would say gimmicky.
One U.S.s official said that if Cubans among the 26 are found to have committed violent crimes during the hijacking, they might not be accepted into the United States, but sent to a third country.
Numerous Republicans declared during those hearings that Roger C.
And during the past year, fashion runways have featured more and more models who are generously endowed, increasing demand for bras that create the same effect.
It's great when you find a man like this who finds it in his heart to care about others.'' Although such extensive involvement is rare among professional athletes -- particularly during a season -- Gubicza says he never regarded his time with the kids as any kind of chore.
Compared to the East Coast, which may be limited to five months of flying during a good year.
More than 200,000 people are expected to fill the fields over the weekend during the twenty-fifth anniversary concert.
BOTTOM Samuel Johnson, from Houlton, Maine, walks the tightrope during a performance of Circus Smirkus in Greensboro, Vermont.
These members of a chamber music trio practice on the point o land where they play weekly during cocktails.
More than 200,000 people are expected to fill the fields over the weekend during the twenty-fifth anniversary concert.
BOTTOM Samuel Johnson, from Houlton, Maine, walks the tightrope during a performance of Circus Smirkus in Greensboro, Vermont.
These members of a chamber music trio practice on the point o land where they play weekly during cocktails.
More than 200,000 people are expected to fill the fields over the weekend during the twenty-fifth anniversary concert.
BOTTOM Samuel Johnson, from Houlton, Maine, walks the tightrope during a performance of Circ5s)Smirkus in Greensboro, Vermont.
These members of a chamber music trio practice on the point o land where they play weekly during cocktails.
More than 200,000 people are expected to fill the fields over the weekend during the twenty-fifth anniversary concert.
BOTTOM Samuel Johnson, from Houlton, Maine, walks the tightrope during a performance of Circus Smirkus in Greensboro, Vermont.
These members of a chamber music trio practice on the point o land where they play weekly during cocktails.
The garments that were set for auction -- two shirts, a hat, shoes and pants -- were worn by Simpson during filming on a proposed ``Frogmen'' series for NBC.
Mladic is known as a hard-line Serbian nationalist, and he has been unfailingly loyal to Dr. Karadzic during more than two years of war in Bosnia.
--A May 29, 1992 NRO response to a question by Boren itemizing construction costs for the complex during 1992-95 as $309 million.
The garments that were set for auction -- two shirts, a hat, shoes and pants -- were worn by Simpson during filming on a proposed ``Frogmen'' series for NBC.
The players were instructed by McIlvaine as to the do's and don'ts during a strike -- i.e., players are not allowed to go to Shea Stadium or work out with any minor league clubs -- and were praised by Dallas Green, their manager, for what they have accomplished.
12 strike date, ``is that realistically, we have to look at this as if it might be the end of the season.'' As players filed out of the meeting, which lasted a half hour, and took the field for batting practice, most said that they had learned nothing new during the meeting.
O'Neal smartly walked away, then answered with a thunderous jam on the break, setting loose a 10-minute slamfest during which O'Neal dunked everything except Vega.
Among the instructions were to leave numbers and addresses where they could be reached immediately in the event of a settlement or vote (especially Latin players planning to leave the country), plans for final paychecks and the distribution of licensing revenue that is the players' September war chest, and reminders that no organized workouts are permitted during the strike.
Meanwhile, executive vice president Fred Claire met after batting practice with Lasorda and his coaching staff to discuss their assignments during a strike.
When the 151 contestants gather at Southern Hills Country Club for Thursday's first round of the 76th PGA Championship, the 114 American-born players in the field will be trying to prevent the United States from going 0 for 4 in golf's major championships during 1994.
EX-49ER RATHMAN A BARGAIN FOR RAIDERS LOS ANGELES  (BC-FBN-VENTRECOLUMN-LADN) If I didn't know better -- and I'm not sure I do -- I would assume that the current system of free agency in the NFL was designed by men who either dabbled in mind-altering drugs at one time in their lives, or who had the agreement slipped under their noses during an autograph session and thought they were signing something else.
In 1993, during a season in which he missed most of the year because of injury, Rathman earned a base salary of $985,000.
``We want to keep as many players playing as possible.'' Valdes, who has become the Dodgers' primary set-up man out of the bullpen during his impressive 21-appearance stint, not only could continue pitching during a major-league strike, but also would continue to get paid, albeit back at his minor-league salary instead of the minimum $109,000 major-league level.
And Los Angeles pitching coach Ron Perranoski probably will be assigned to visit the Missions during the strike.
Dogs, he said, need to keep their minds occupied during the day, same as dog owners.
Henderson was at second after walking with one out, and he moved to third during Neel's at bat without the White Sox bothering to deter him.
At tour events, they invite press onto the driving range or tee during practice rounds.
 (BC-COWCAMP-COX) Quarterback Troy Aikman completed five of six passes during the blitz drill Wednesday afternoon.
Their top 22 players are still the best in the NFL.''   -  -  - Thomas ``Hollywood'' Henderson visited Switzer during the morning practice.
The former Cowboy, who played high school football in Oklahoma City, was ignored by most major colleges during recruiting.
Defensive tackle Hurvin McCormack, whose jersey has been ripped repeatedly during tackling drills, switched uniforms Wednesday.
``We've had discussions with NBC, which was a great partner during the Tier I fight.
But it's people like my father who really have the problem with it.'' Richard Hicks, 18, said the apparent acceptance of interracial dating by his generation -- as evidenced by others' comments during the forum -- is just one example that the races are ``mellowing'' toward one another.
Borland, who died last winter at 80, heard the call during the 1920s when she attended a stage adaptation of Bram Stoker's novel of supernatural menace, ``Dracula,'' starring the Hungarian-born matinee idol Bela Lugosi.
According to reports from Britain, the trio broke up during its first club date! 2 stars.
This edition reminds us that during the '50s, there was no one in America, except perhaps Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz, who were more popular than Allen.
He'll garner nearly $2.5 million during his lifetime, according to projections made by the National Taxpayers Union.
The senator will be paid over $53,000 next year and can expect to collect $2.1 million during his retirement years.
He'll garner nearly $2.5 million during his lifetime, according to projections made by the National Taxpayers Union.
The senator will be paid over $53,000 next year and can expect to collect $2.1 million during his retirement years.
We cannot afford to lose faith in the courts, especially during the tremendous economic and social upheaval under way in this nation.
``In the Army Now,'' directed by Daniel Petrie Jr. (``Toy Soldiers''), uses up all of its quirky energy during an opening half-hour that sets up the premise; once Bones and his unit reach the desert, there's not much left for them to do.
Billy Graham and former President Jimmy Carter, known during his own administration for wanting to pull U.S. troops out of Korea.
Intuitively, the housekeeper draws the little girl out of her shell and helps her to express her sorrow (``You'll always miss your Mommy, and that's O.K.'') Ms. Majorino, a very poised and sturdy little actress, easily holds her own during these delicate episodes.
	NY-CROWN-HEIGHTS (New York) -- A teen-ager who was acquitted in the stabbing death of a Hasidic scholar during four days of violence in Crown Heights three years ago has been indicted on federal charges that he violated the civil rights of the Australian rabbinical student, his lawyer said Thursday.
Karen McBarron, who sat next to me during registration, where we filled out waivers and release forms, said she saw an item in USA Today about the Silver Bullets' open tryout in Watertown.
HOW CONGRESS CALCULATES ITS PENSIONS WASHINGTON  (BC-CONGRESS-PENSIONS-HOW-$ADV14-COX) The pension plan that covers most members of Congress requires them to contribute 8 percent of their salary during their working years, but gives them back many times that amount after retirement.
A typical member leaving after this year with 20 years of service would receive just under $60,000 during 1995.
	(NYT) -- A teen-ager who was acquitted in the stabbing death of a Hasidic scholar during four days of violence in Crown Heights three years ago has been indicted on federal charges that he violated the civil rights of the Australian rabbinical student, his lawyer said Thursday.
The heart of the movie is an oral history of Kozlowski's Holocaust experience, during which he lost both parents and his younger brother, Dulko, a gifted violinist.
The Agriculture Department's corn production estimate of 9.214 billion bushels was a little below market expectations, but needed rain in the Midwest during the past week cancelled the report's slightly bullish tone, analysts said.
One wrinkle: children get to go out on the field and dance during the fifth inning.
But he served as an intelligence officer in that army during its Balkan massacres.
The slow but steady exodus of patrons during the Aug.
Yes, after years of rumors, the Santa Fe Opera has made it official: The open-air midsection of the festival's amphitheater -- a blessing on clear nights, a curse during the area's frequent thunderstorms -- will be roofed over.
Measures have included the internment without trial of 17 suspected leading Muslim militants, the detention of more than 100 suspects arrested during spot checks of motorists and the banning of five Islamic periodicals accused of attempting to ``inflame'' the 2 million Algerians living in France.
Although standard tires quickly fall off the wheel rim when deflated, the new beads keep a flat tire on the rim, even during severe cornering.
``I am almost exclusively an offensive rather than a defensive player in the legislative arena.'' By that, he means many Republicans are playing defensive ball during the Clinton administration.
``What I've think I've done best over the years -- and especially when I caught onto it during the Bush administration -- was to try to be a bridge between centrist Republicans and Democrats in order to get things done,'' he said.
Both were early adherents of Surrealism; both were in Peggy Guggenheim's original stable of New York artists, and seen together they underscore the catalytic effect that European artists had on American art during and after the war.
Karen McBarron, who sat next to me during registration, where we filled out waivers and release forms, said she saw an item in USA Today about the Silver Bullets' open tryout in Watertown.
The wide gap between rich and poor fueled a January guerrilla war in rural southern Mexico that discouraged foreign investment during most of this year.
He returned to Britain during World War II to help entertain the troops and met and married the actress Helen Beck, who died in 1971.
``We've talked a lot during this trip,'' Brooks said.
When the two teams practiced together on Wednesday, German fans watched with amazement as Seau, wearing a visor under his helmet that read ``Say Ow!'' screamed and hollered during drills.
That's a demonstration Miller couldn't denounce, as he directed the same gesture, with an accompanying choke sign, at Lee, the Brooklyn-based filmmaker, during Game 5 of his Indiana team's playoff series against the Knicks.
But although the performance was amplified, some of the more delicate scoring was barely audible, and, during the first two sections, the amplification presented an unbalanced picture of the instrumental and choral blend.
Even in developed countries, the recommended treatment requires medication for many weeks late in pregnancy, then during delivery, and then treating the baby for six weeks.
The agency is hoping to develop a method of providing treatment only during delivery, perhaps using a drug more powerful than AZT.
The high tin roof is the only one in the area that remains; the rest were disassembled and used as scrap metal during World War II.
It's not easy squeezing the brake, pulsing it really, for more than an hour during a 5,000-foot drop down Palomar Mountain in the Cleveland National Forest.
``I have been personally assured that Simpson will get close supervision in the jail during the immediate postoperative period,'' Huizenga said in his statement, referring to promises that Simpson would receive his medication, as well as clean sheets.
He returned to Britain during World War II to help entertain the troops and met and married the actress Helen Beck, who died in 1971.
``It's true that I help them a little, that I advise them,'' he said during a television interview from Switzerland.
The last day of baseball was one of those meandering mid-summer afternoons that have made the sport so pleasurable, so enduring, for much more than a century.
The company's gross profit -- the earnings before accounting for the costs of marketing, engineering and administrative overhead -- totaled just 13.7 cents for every $1 in revenues during the company's fiscal fourth quarter that ended July 2.
Still, integrating the Tandy operations into its own took its toll on AST and its bottom line during fiscal 1994, Schraith said.
``It would take a lot for AST to fold up, and that's not going to happen anytime soon.'' AST Chairman Safi Qureshey said he is confident that AST will perform strongly no matter what happens to computer prices during the coming months.
Because of the intense heat here in the summer, the bent grass greens have to be watered during play to keep them alive.
Kessel, professor of political science at Ohio State University, says, ``Blaming Republicans was a conscious Kennedy tactic to hold his party together.'' Kennedy's extensive campaigning on behalf of Democratic lawmakers during the mid-term elections, coupled with his handling of the Cuban missile crisis, helped confine Democratic losses in the House to four seats, the lowest since World War II, Kessel notes.
But the tactic did not work for Ronald Reagan, who tried to blame Democrats for the economic recession besetting the country during the 1982 mid-term elections.
To harness community involvement and assure a political benefit to the government, the program called for the election of tens of thousands of local ``Solidarity committees.'' The new program engaged many of the Mexicans who had slipped beyond the government's influence during the economic crisis, and identified thousands of local leaders untinged by the corrupt networks of the PRI.
Close associates of Carlos Hank Gonzalez, 66, who amassed one of the country's biggest fortunes during a long career in public service, took over the presidency of the PRI and other key posts.
The most intriguing maneuver mentioned during the day was a reported effort by an unidentified group of owners to come up with a way of averting the strike.
When Selig, during a telephone interview, asked who won the game, he was told the teams were in extra innings and extending the season.
He laughed, but people on both sides found little else humorous during the final day.
 (BC-CYBERSPACE-SECURITY-2NDTAKE-NYT) Kohn, a 1994 honors graduate in economics from Swarthmore College, came up with the idea for Net Market during his junior year abroad, at the London School of Economics.
But at the Raiders' second mini-camp during the off-season, they decided to move him inside.
``We all knew we would be reviled when we came here,'' said Birgit Breuel, the president of the agency, known widely in this country as the Treuhand, during an interview here.
And it dimmed the chances that a comprehensive crime measure would be resurrected during this session of Congress.
U.S. INDICTS TEEN-AGER ACQUITTED IN CROWN HEIGHTS STABBING DEATH NEW YORK  (BC-NY-CROWN-HEIGHTS-525-(2TAKES)-NYT) The teen-ager who was acquitted of the fatal stabbing of a Hasidic scholar during four days of violence in Crown Heights has been indicted on federal charges that he violated the scholar's civil rights, his lawyer said Thursday.
What happened during the hearing, what was in the indictment and whether Mr Nelson was in custody were unclear Thursday night.
I can't wait,'' said Mickelson, who began training on a single-engine Cessna 172 during a three-week break from Professional Golfers' Association Tour competition leading up to this week's PGA Championship.
Mickelson, 24, kept himself under control Thursday during a two-birdie, 16-par round that included two missed birdie chances of less than 5 feet.
In June, during a lull in the fighting, Mirza's parents joined a Red Cross convoy of trucks that took them to Croatia.
Fungo futures: Third-base coach Joe Amalfitano joked that he planned to keep in shape during the strike by hitting fungoes to his wife Kay.
	The sign was part of what Ms. Carter called ``marketing strategies developed during that time to reposition the brand's image among adult smokers.'' 	She said the decision by Reynolds not to renew the billboard's lease was unrelated to castigation of the Joe Camel character by anti-smoking advocates.
One of the shippers during the three-year ACRS era had actually won the Hollywood Gold Cup, Sultry Song in 1992.
For during the game against the Cubs in Chicago, Williams hit his 43rd home run of the season, putting him on an exact pace to match Roger Maris' record 61 homers over 162 games in 1961.
Just about every other All-Star had used up his allotment of good will during the strike, as far as a booing, angry crowd at Cleveland Stadium was concerned.
Ito also planned to issue a written ruling today on whether to release transcripts of secret conferences lawyers held with another judge during the preliminary hearing.
It marked the fewest players under par in an opening round of the PGA Championship in 13 years, when just 11 broke par at the 1981 event at Atlanta Athletic Club in Duluth, Ga. Scoring conditions were difficult, Couples said, because excess spike marks and afternoon temperatures that soared close to 100 degrees left greens ``pretty hard, pretty fast and pretty bumpy.'' Price pushed his first putt of the day -- a 50-footer for birdie -- 15 feet past the hole en route to his first of two three-putts during an afternoon round.
``(Receivers Coach Al) Saunders all during camp so far has been talking to me about running hard each and every time and finishing the play.
Just about every other All-Star had used up his allotment of good will during the strike, as far as a booing, angry crowd at Cleveland Stadium was concerned.
President Clinton also spoke Thursday, his message merely a soothing and sympathetic lotion to those who will miss the game and those who will miss making peanut money by not working during the strike.
Be thankful these guys weren't in charge of the country during the Cuban missile crisis.
When Selig, during a telephone interview, asked who won the game, he was told the teams were in extra innings and extending the season.
He laughed, but people on both sides found little else humorous during the final day.
The most intriguing maneuver mentioned during the day was a reported effort by an unidentified group of owners to come up with a way of averting the strike.
For during the game against the Cubs in Chicago, Williams hit his 43d home run of the 115-game season, putting him on an exact pace to match Yankee Roger Maris's record 61 homers over 162 games in 1961.
Early-arriving fans stood behind both dugouts during pregame workouts, asking for autographs.
France and Belgium have a white square that flickers in the corner of the screen during programs that parents might deem unsuitable for their offspring.
France and Belgium have a white square that flickers in the corner of the screen during programs that parents might deem unsuitable for their offspring.
The Defense Department may be buying far less military equipment than it did during the Cold War; the 1994 allocation of $44 billion was about half the 1988 figure, after allowing for inflation.
The Defense Department may be buying far less military equipment than it did during the Cold War; the 1994 allocation of $44 billion was about half the 1988 figure, after allowing for inflation.
The Defense Department may be buying far less military equipment than it did during the Cold War; the 1994 allocation of $44 billion was about half the 1988 figure, after allowing for inflation.
Heck, A's manager Tony La Russa solved the baseball strike during batting practice.
Many of these have come at traditional manufacturing firms; indeed, this is the first recovery on record during which manufacturing employment has actually fallen.
All these things are signs of the ``new economy'' that Clinton and his team talked so much about during his presidential campaign.
Many of these have come at traditional manufacturing firms; indeed, this is the first recovery on record during which manufacturing employment has actually fallen.
All these things are signs of the ``new economy'' that Clinton and his team talked so much about during his presidential campaign.
Many of these have come at traditional manufacturing firms; indeed, this is the first recovery on record during which manufacturing employment has actually fallen.
All these things are signs of the ``new economy'' that Clinton and his team talked so much about during his presidential campaign.
Set during the ``last decade of the Cold War,'' this is a romantic comedy with a socio-political context.
This extremely promising material -- about family clashes, summer crushes and more during a 1976 beach vacation -- has been directed by Matty Rich (``Straight Out of Brooklyn'') who doesn't have the maturity to explore the story's wonderful array of characters and contradictions.
One key difference the study cited: Women tend to confide more about their health problems to female doctors during consultation.
AIDS CONFERENCE PROTESTERS HIT YOKOHAMA, Japan  (BC-AIDS-PROTEST-COX) In its only protest during the week-long International Conference on AIDS, the New York-based activist group ACT-UP crowded the stage at the closing ceremony here Thursday, blowing whistles and protesting Japan's policies regarding HIV-infected people.
The ACT-UP demonstration, during which some 50 people marched on stage with signs reading ``Silence At past international AIDS conferences, AIDS activists have been highly visible -- knocking over displays set up by pharmaceutical companies and staging several daily protests or press conferences.
Birth complications associated with violence included breech deliveries, babies born with umbilical cords wrapped around their necks and even those injured during birth, Raine said.
Children were deemed to have been subjected to maternal rejection if they were unplanned and not wanted; if their mothers considered aborting during pregnancy; if they were abused or institutionalized after birth; or if they were removed to other families for at least four months in the first year of life.
Hopefully, we won't create the change but create an environment where change is possible.'' Despite joining Delta during hard times, Matsen said his experience in ad work for other industries gives him an optimistic perspective.
One day after Cotton Bowl officials announced their hopes of locking up the highest-ranked Big 12 team available for a New Year's Day bowl, Alamo Bowl directors met in San Antonio and stressed they don't plan to sit idly by during the courting process for non-Tier I matchups.
But, before making the offer, management once again revealed its hard hand during an owners meeting in Cincinnati in early June.
Boone's father, Bob Boone, now a Reds' coach, was a hard-line member of the players union negotiating board during the 51-day 1981 strike.
Farid Jarboua, a 28-year-old resident of Rafah refugee camp accused of collaborating with the Israelis during the occupation, died after he was allegedly beaten during interrogation and denied medical attention.
Al-Haq, a Palestinian human rights organization, said Jarboua's treatment was reminiscent of the way Israeli soldiers dealt with Palestinian suspects during the occupation.
An official Palestinian Justice Ministry statement released last month acknowledged that Jarboua died as a result of ``excessive violence'' during interrogation.
France and Belgium have a white square that flickers in the corner of the screen during programs that parents might deem unsuitable for their offspring.
France and Belgium have a white square that flickers in the corner of the screen during programs that parents might deem unsuitable for their offspring.
The Defense Department may be buying far less military equipment than it did during the Cold War; the 1994 allocation of $44 billion was about half the 1988 figure, after allowing for inflation.
The Defense Department may be buying far less military equipment than it did during the Cold War; the 1994 allocation of $44 billion was about half the 1988 figure, after allowing for inflation.
The Defense Department may be buying far less military equipment than it did during the Cold War; the 1994 allocation of $44 billion was about half the 1988 figure, after allowing for inflation.
Many of these have come at traditional manufacturing firms; indeed, this is the first recovery on record during which manufacturing employment has actually fallen.
All these things are signs of the ``new economy'' that Clinton and his team talked so much about during his presidential campaign.
Many of these have come at traditional manufacturing firms; indeed, this is the first recovery on record during which manufacturing employment has actually fallen.
All these things are signs of the ``new economy'' that Clinton and his team talked so much about during his presidential campaign.
Many of these have come at traditional manufacturing firms; indeed, this is the first recovery on record during which manufacturing employment has actually fallen.
All these things are signs of the ``new economy'' that Clinton and his team talked so much about during his presidential campaign.
``Predicting earthquakes or movements of the Earth is an incredibly important issue for our lives.'' Endeavour commander Mike Baker and his crew plan precise maneuvers during the last three days of their flight that should demonstrate how accurately the radar gear can measure the topography of portions of the United States and Africa.
She began carrying tapes and recording their conversations; she still has the tapes, as well as medals, hats and other keepsakes the lonely and grateful men gave her during the flights.
And on a recent trip to Frankfurt, Bauer watched as she was thanked repeatedly by passengers, including one man who presented her with the box of candy he'd purchased during the flight.
``I've never wanted to do anything else.'' EMERGENCY LANDING Carmichael's colleagues and supervisors planned a whole weekend in early July to coincide with the actual date of her 50-year anniversary: a celebration during this working trip to Japan and a party at the airport the day after she returned.
A: It wasn't $4,000 a month during that whole period.
-- He's reprimanded for improprieties during his brief stint as an Arkansas state trooper.
Because ever since 1986, during one of the greatest bull markets in American history, Allmon has kept most of his clients' money in cash.
So during a time when people more than doubled their money by investing in the stock market, those who listened to Allmon's advice in his Growth Stock Outlook Newsletter or bought the Charles Allmon Trust made less than if they had stuck their money in bank CDs. Nevertheless, they have have paid him handsomely, enough so that he can afford a house in Maui, a place in Vermont, a home in the Washington suburbs, and a cattle ranch in Montana.
Hold those Lotto numbers, and think about them during the day and as Saturday night just before 11 p.m. approaches.
So Japanese would prefer to trade American securities during our night, when Japan is awake, rather than during their night, when we are awake.
And that is almost always in the home market, during normal trading hours.
It needs to persuade investors that markets at night will be just as efficient as during the day.
Equipped also with table tennis and pool, Quisisana is well suited to teen-agers, although during our stay we mostly saw children under 7 on the lake shore and in the well-stocked toy room.
The cabins come equipped with umbrellas and mosquito repellent, both of which came in handy during our four-day stay in June, when the air was thick with mosquitoes.
``Clinton is hogging all the attention,'' said Noyes, of the Center for Media and Public Affairs, adding that Clinton got 65 times the coverage Gore got during the first year.
That sentiment was perpetuated by President Eisenhower, who, when asked what ideas Vice President Nixon had contributed, quipped: ``I don't know, if you give me a week, maybe I could come up with something.'' But Gore seems to have escaped many of the down sides of the job, staying behind the scenes and traveling around the country collecting political chits he could cash in during his own presidential bid.
Kennedy's campaigning for Democrats during the midterm elections, coupled with his handling of the Cuban missile crisis, helped confine Democratic losses in the House to four seats, the lowest since World War II.
Kessel, professor of political science at Ohio State University, says that ``blaming Republicans was a conscious Kennedy tactic to hold his party together.'' But the tactic failed for Ronald Reagan, who tried to blame Democrats for the economic recession besetting the country during the 1982 midterm elections.
Although Mets' ownership graciously allowed the players to pick up belongings at the stadium throughout the day -- players are not allowed to be at their respective ball parks during the strike -- Franco was one of a very few Mets who took advantage of the opportunity.
For the most part, players moved their things during the final game of the recent homestand last Sunday or stopped by early Friday morning as they trickled back in from Philadelphia.
``Suddenly I have hundreds of friends,'' jokes Ms. David, who is 39, during an interview here at the Jeu de Paume.
It recounts Ms. Fuller's experiences after agreeing to put Davis up for a night during a 1985 New York hotel strike, only to find herself in a real-life version of ``The Man Who Came to Dinner'' as the actress lingered for 32 days.
``I don't think I really knew myself before then,'' he said during a recent interview at the London office of his record label.
Watergate, however, had given the old Nixon crowd an enduring claim on fame.
``A public defender in New Orleans represented 418 defendants during the first seven months of 1991,'' Mr. Bright notes.
``It was a joke that I was one of the few people who paid to get into Bedford,'' says Ms. DeLuca, who has been represented pro bono during her appeal.
The transcripts that Ito did not allow to be unsealed Friday involve, he said, the contents of the so-called ``mystery envelope,'' which defense lawyers gave to a court officer during the preliminary hearing, and matters relating to the security of witnesses.
	No candles are lit during the service because many of the people are sensitive to smoke; electric candles are used instead.
	As a young boy in Germany during World War II, he watched his grandfather, an Orthodox Jew, wade into a brook to retrieve fragments of a Torah scroll that the Nazis desecrated and burned.
Fans First advocated a chant of ``No Strike!'' in the middle of the third inning during the final games on Thursday.
And we are then told to trust the judge and the senator when they say that no word of Whitewater passed their lips during this meeting?
The mayor of one small river town even sent pages from the diary he kept during those weeks of rain, rising water, sandbags and heartbreak.
Calderon Gomez confirmed that Guibert had left the team during that tournament, but, as with Matienzo, said he had received no information and could not classify it as a defection.
Nobody made anything.'' His smile broadens when he is reminded of the fee his band, Santana, received for playing the historic show 25 years ago this weekend: $750, the same amount paid to folk singer Melanie and parody act Sha Na Na. ``I treasure those recollections,'' the guitarist said during a visit to Los Angeles earlier this week.
The conservative coalition that manned the ramparts during the Reagan revolution in the early 1980s is now flexing its muscles by threatening Clinton's top legislative priorities.
Signs reading ``Somos tu viejerio'' (We are your old women) popped up at every rally during a recent week of campaigning.
Patrice Sartre, the commander of French forces in the northern sector of the ``safe zone,'' said during a meeting Friday morning in this dingy, agricultural village.
While it seems unlikely that there will be another exodus like that which occurred to Goma, when just about everyone in northwestern Rwanda fled, discussions with people in the zone during the last 10 days leaves one with the impression that very few are committed to remaining.
``We are caught between the hammer and the bullet,'' said Semanza, who was deputy mayor during the old government, which makes him a suspect, but who tried to stop the killings and hid Tutsi in his house.
Daniel Gottlieb, a Philadelphia psychologist and radio host, alleged in his suit that American violated the federal Air Carrier Act and caused him severe emotional distress in the way the airline handled his special needs as a wheelchair-bound passenger during a recent trip from Philadelphia to San Antonio and back.
American's Hotard said the airline's policy is to disconnect all batteries on electric wheelchairs stowed in its planes' cargo compartments in order to prevent the motors from turning on accidentally during the flight.
So far this year, the index has risen at a rate of 2.7 percent, the same rate as during the first several months of 1993.
Studies in four hard-hit African countries found that there was an explosion of new infections during the first three or four years of the epidemic, after which it stabilized, with those dying off each year replaced by an equal number of newly infected people.
The one genuine breakthrough of the past year is the discovery that the drug AZT, when administered to an infected woman during pregnancy, can often block transmission of the virus to the fetus.
Now he is trying to elbow his way back: the expected victory over Mathis (son of the one-time contender during the Ali-Frazier era); then, perhaps, a co-feature (``don't call it the undercard'') of Lewis's Sept.
Texas' slipping market share has been particularly apparent during the region's drought this year.
But vice president John Huston, who joined the company in 1992 after ``a thorough due diligence,'' said that the 1989 crisis was ``ancient history.'' As for Jensen, he said, ``One of the reasons that I joined the company was I figured, here was a guy who had been through a test of fire and had retained the confidence of Wall Street investors who knew him before, during and after the problems.'' But such problems! The drama began on April 7, 1989, when Silberman was arrested by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents in the hallway of a Mission Bay hotel in San Diego.
Still, the Bank of England and the Conservative government seem determined to break Britain's long history of allowing inflation to roar out of control during recoveries.
Zvereva said she hoped that the injury, incurred during a practice session and treatable only with rest, would not affect her doubles quest, with partner Gigi Fernandez, to complete a Grand Slam crown in 1994.
Under the terms of the agreement, Key issued Welltech 1,665,000 shares of common stock and 250,000 warrants to purchase additional Key Energy Group common stock at $5 a share during the next two and a half years.
One contractor had advised against constructing a synthetic heap-leach liner, which protects against cyanide leaks, during the treacherous winter months, EPA records show.
 (BC-HOME-SHOPPING-2NDTAKE-NYT) Home Shopping Network, for its part, is still recovering from its image of poor merchandising and service during the era of its former chairman, Roy Speer, who resigned last year.
``About 60 percent of our business is during the last quarter of the year,'' she said.
If the Democrats hope to get health legislation approved, he said, ``they'd better be better at counting votes than they were on crime.'' Taunting the president, Republican leaders from the House and Senate faxed a letter to Air Force One during his trip to Minneapolis offering to meet with him when he returned to Washington tonight ``to discuss how we can work together to pass a strong crime bill as soon as possible.'' White House chief of staff Leon Panetta declined for the president.
Fifty-four senators signed a letter to President Clinton protesting an incident in May when Taiwanese President Li Teng-hui was forbidden to leave his plane during a re-fueling stop in Hawaii.
TIME FRAME NARROWS FOR SIMPSON KILLINGS LOS ANGELES  (BC-OJ-PHOTOS-SFCHRON) The time of the phone call surfaced during a July 8 closed-door meeting between lawyers and the judge presiding over Simpson's preliminary hearing.
The judge refused to unseal transcripts of five closed-door meetings held July 6, July 7 and August 9 that dealt with witness safety and the mysterious yellow envelope turned over by defense lawyers during the preliminary hearing.
This year, Corrections Corp.'s income rose 30 percent during the first half, and analysts predict further growth.
(Nancy Seisel/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT9) SAUGERTIES, N.Y. -- August 12, 1994 -- WOODSTOCK-1, 8-12 -- About a dozen concertgoers, evocative of the first Woodstock, shed their clothing during the first day of Woodstock U94.
(Nancy Seisel/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT9) SAUGERTIES, N.Y. -- August 12, 1994 -- WOODSTOCK-1, 8-12 -- About a dozen concertgoers, evocative of the first Woodstock, shed their clothing during the first day of Woodstock U94.
But he added, ``We're fairly sure it's not a hoax.'' The police, however, have so far found no evidence to link the recent letter writer to another person who also called himself Zodiac during a series of fatal shootings in 1990.
(Nancy Seisel/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT9) SAUGERTIES, N.Y. -- August 12, 1994 -- WOODSTOCK-1, 8-12 -- About a dozen concertgoers, evocative of the first Woodstock, shed their clothing during the first day of Woodstock U94.
(Nancy Seisel/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT9) SAUGERTIES, N.Y. -- August 12, 1994 -- WOODSTOCK-1, 8-12 -- About a dozen concertgoers, evocative of the first Woodstock, shed their clothing during the first day of Woodstock U94.
Whether the line was damaged and weakened during the burial remains uncertain, federal and New Jersey officials said Friday.
At the Yankee Tavern in the Bronx, around the corner from where the division-leading Yankees were not playing, the owner, Joe Bastone, figured he would lose 40 percent of what he usually takes in during the summer.
U.S. PROSECUTORS WANT TO TRY NELSON AS ADULT IN RIGHTS CASE NEW YORK  (BC-NY-CROWN-HTS-NYT) Federal prosecutors plan to seek permission next week to try Lemrick Nelson Jr. as an adult on charges that he violated the civil rights of a Hasidic scholar who was stabbed to death during four days of violence in Crown Heights, a federal prosecutor said Friday.
You get started and you get to the play the game.'' Inside Pitch Along with General Manager Gene Michael and the pitching coach, Billy Connors, Manager Buck Showalter will join the Class AAA Columbus Clippers in Charlotte, N.C., Wednesday night and Showalter said they would jockey between Columbus and Class AA Albany during the strike.
Testimony during the preliminary hearing revealed that Goldman went to Nicole Simpson's condominium to return prescription glasses her mother left at a nearby restaurant called Mezzaluna, where Goldman was a waiter.
He also released optometric records to back up his assertion that he failed his Army physical and avoided military service during the Vietnam War because of severe nearsightedness.
Pataki officials said they were simply mimicking the process used by Cuomo, who has allowed reporters in Albany to review, but not copy, his tax returns each April 15 during his 12 years in office.
The Patakis recently took out a $90,000 second mortgage on their house in Garrison to help meet living expenses during the campaign.
They house the tombs of the Prophet Mohammed's grandson Hussein and his half brother Abbas, both slain at the first battle of Karbala in the year 680 during their unsuccessful revolt against the Caliph Yazid I.
Another fierce battle of Karbala occurred in 1991, during the great Shiite uprising against Saddam at the end of the Persian Gulf war and its brutal repression by his army.
He became its managing partner in the late 1960s and led it during 20 years of national and international growth.
Twelve of the victories during the streak came at home.
``Whether it's a week left or two weeks or whatever, I think it will be enough time if we keep playing well.'' Whatever momentum that may be lingering from the 14-game streak most likely will dissipate during a prolonged strike.
Players and management thought they had taken a key step during the recent 12-2 home stand.
They got into it, and I hope they can still have that enthusiasm when it's settled.'' Macfarlane said he got a taste of what a playoff game might be like at Kauffman Stadium during the last home stand.
Just last week, in fact, during his visit to Tokyo, the commissioner indicated that the NFL may soon participate in setting up a professional league in the country in conjunction with Japanese partnership.
Just last week, in fact, during his visit to Tokyo, the commissioner indicated that the NFL may soon participate in setting up a professional league in the country in conjunction with Japanese partnership.
``It would be something created especially for Japan.'' Of the established fronts, Japan seems to be the most enduring, perhaps because the country's fascination with American football has fairly deep roots.
Tommy Aaron (1967), Gil Morgan (1976), Tom Watson (1978) and Greg Norman (1986) were all reeled in during weekend rounds.
 (BC-GLF-PGA-MCCALLISTER-TEX) As the only switch hitter on the Professional Golfers' Association Tour, Blaine McCallister is used to fans doing double-takes during his round.
SHELL NOT CONCERNED WITH SLOW PROGRESS OF RUNNING GAME PITTSBURGH  (BC-FBN-RAIDERS-LADN) When Raiders coach Art Shell maps out a practice schedule during training camp in Oxnard, it's with equality in mind.
(but) the attitude is there.'' For today's exhibition, the Raiders probably will be without defensive tackle Chester McGlockton, who sat out practice during the week after getting kicked in the left leg against Dallas.
 (BC-PGA-NOTES-TEX) Jay Haas termed yesterday's up-and-down round of 66 ``a pretty wild ride.'' The wildest segment, a triple-bogey 7 at the par-4 ninth hole, might prove to be the difference between a weekend of drama and a Nick Price cakewalk during the final two rounds of the 76th PGA Championship.
And the answer during the Denver-San Francisco game, with Madden and Pat Summerall at the helm, was not written by Will and Ariel Durant.
McDowell usually doesn't get a chance to spend quality time with his family during the season.
``With football players, you saw it during the (1987) strike.
Tommy Aaron (1967), Gil Morgan (1976), Tom Watson (1978) and Greg Norman (1986) were all reeled in during weekend rounds.
I root for U.S. golfers during the Ryder Cup matches.
The much-discussed audio breakthrough, featuring four on-field microphones, was confined to a couple of guys yelling ``Get 'em!'' during punt returns.
``Bosnia is too small for this Granic and there are tens of thousands of Serbs like him,'' Hurtic said during a recent conversation in Sarajevo.
The Bosnian Serbs cling to the fantasy that the Muslims they have butchered are the victims of an aberration that led them to convert to Islam during the centuries of Ottoman rule in Bosnia, and that one day they will revert to being Christian Slavs.
On a personal level, this is a struggle between relatively pragmatic revolutionaries, like Rafsanjani, and the revolutionary orthodoxy -- a conflict that echoes the fight that Trotsky and Bukharin lost to Stalin, or the one Danton lost to Robespierre during the French Revolution.
``Addictive, yeah, that is a good word for it,'' said Peter Newman, a 27-year-old devotee from Anchorage who has spent $1,500 so far on the cards, ``so is obsessive, all consuming and anything else that might describe an unquenchable desire or interest.'' Although Magic has produced 1,000 different face cards at last count, players can use about 60 during a game.
The monkey wrench is that the company keeps putting out new cards, so you have to keep adding to and subtracting from your working deck.'' Wizards has issued five series of cards during the last year, each with new characters, a few with great powers and scads of feckless wimps.
KNEELING AT THE ALTAR OF DEATH: FROM BELIEF TO FANATICISM  (BC-RELIGION-REVIEW-2TAKES-NYT) It is an enduring paradox, how religions that teach peace can be taken by some adherents to justify acts of violence and bloodshed.
Watergate, however, had given the old Nixon crowd an enduring claim on fame.
``A public defender in New Orleans represented 418 defendants during the first seven months of 1991,'' Mr. Bright notes.
``It was a joke that I was one of the few people who paid to get into Bedford,'' says Ms. DeLuca, who has been represented pro bono during her appeal.
	No candles are lit during the service because many of the people are sensitive to smoke; electric candles are used instead.
	As a young boy in Germany during World War II, he watched his grandfather, an Orthodox Jew, wade into a brook to retrieve fragments of a Torah scroll that the Nazis desecrated and burned.
	No candles are lit during the service because many of the people are sensitive to smoke; electric candles are used instead.
	As a young boy in Germany during World War II, he watched his grandfather, an Orthodox Jew, wade into a brook to retrieve fragments of a Torah scroll that the Nazis desecrated and burned.
KNEELING AT THE ALTAR OF DEATH: FROM BELIEF TO FANATICISM  (BC-RELIGION-REVIEW-1STLD-2TAKES-NYT) It is an enduring paradox, how religions that teach peace can be taken by some adherents to justify acts of violence and bloodshed.
Or are we protecting something stupid and embarrassing?'' It was so much simpler during the Cold War.
James Woolsey, has talked himself hoarse briefing legislators during his 18 months in office, but comity between the CIA and Congress has not increased.
Polls taken during the presidential campaign found that Colombians placed drug trafficking low on their worry lists, usually around 10th place, well below concern over traffic jams.
``We operate under laws written during communism, but the nature of crime has significantly changed,'' said Jozef Gemra, a senior prosecutor.
They felt almost certain because the reports had said the man, Daniel Silva, 38, was ponytailed, had his dog with him during the attack, and had fled on a bicycle.
He always shoveled our sidewalk during winter without expecting anything in return, and sent us a very warm Christmas card.'' Silva's lawyer, Rosenblum, said family members had told him that his client, an unemployed junk dealer, had grown up in neighboring West Haven and had attended West Haven High School without graduating.
OUTDOORS: SALMON ARE NO MATCH FOR THIS GIRL OF 15 ROBINSONVILLE, New Brunswick  (BC-OUTDOORS-SALMON-NYT) There are not many sure bets in the perpetually risky business of salmon fishing, but the Upper Cleveland pool on the historic Upsalquitch River, during the grilse run of July, is about as close as you can come to one.
Some politicians were also surprised during a recent heat wave when he endorsed a nationwide speed limit of 130 kilometers, or 80 miles, an hour on the country's autobahn network, where in many places motorists enjoy roaring along as fast as they can.
In an interview, O'Neill said he is prepared during the third phase of the Exxon case to reprise some of the arguments he introduced at the trial's start three months ago.
O'Neill also accused Exxon's senior executives, among them Lawrence Rawl, who was chairman and chief executive officer of Exxon at the time of the accident, of lying to the jurors during their trial testimony.
The most important witness for Exxon during the third phase is expected to be Lee R.
With the Christian Democrats in opposition during the 1970s, Woerner served as their chief military spokesman and became a member of the national leadership of the party.
He was also chairman of the committee that investigated the most notorious of the East German spy scandals that rocked the Defense Ministry during Leber's tenure.
With the Christian Democrats in opposition during the 1970s, Woerner served as their chief military spokesman and became a member of the national leadership of the party.
He was also chairman of the committee that investigated the most notorious of the East German spy scandals that rocked the Defense Ministry during Leber's tenure.
``But it's hard to determine,'' he added, ``what kind of advertising you would put on during a criminal trial.'' 
The United States is the largest customer for the country's high-quality light crude, and both world oil prices and gasoline prices in the United States have risen during the crisis here.
Oil industry officials say it could take three weeks to repair equipment damaged during the episode.
Even though the elder Howe went on strike only once, one fewer than his son has during nine years in the majors, the memories lingered.
He had purchased a $189,000 home in Agoura, Calif., and had $2,000 a month mortgage payments, so he worked as a salesman for Camino Real Chevrolet in Monterey Park, Calif., during the strike.
Compounding his situation, Howe wrote in his book, he threw only four times during the strike and was into ``heavy drug use.'' ``I went on strike in 1981, I was rookie of the year, was ready to win a world championship and I was making $60,000,'' Howe said.
He said he wasn't old enough to remember when Babe Ruth hit a homer over the right-field fence here during a barnstorming game in 1920, but, like most Oneontans, he is aware of it is part of the local legend.
However, Washington consulted frequently with South Korea during the Geneva negotiations to make sure its ally did not feel left out.
Ms. Hanson was also criticized by both Democrats and Republicans during the recent Whitewater hearings for her role in the White House-Treasury discussions about the investigation of Madison Guaranty Savings and Loan, which was run by James McDougal, a business partner of the Clintons in the Whitewater real estate development.
But Clinton offered some support to Altman during the hearings, and the White House has been careful not to make any overt move that could be seen as shoving him out.
Altman made many friends at the White House during his first year in office by playing a large role in mustering Congressional support for the president's budget and for the North American Free Trade Agreement.
Some civil servants and political appointees have resented him during both the Carter and Clinton administrations as too arrogant, too ambitious and too willing to curry favor with the White House.
Klausner, worked closely with the government during preparation of the case and while it was pending, a matter that may prove crucial to the government's attempt to change sides and argue against her.
I have serious doubts about that.'' Blumrosen said it was not unusual for a new administration to try to discard a predecessor's policies, and cited the Reagan administration's attempt, in the mid-1980s, to undo consent decrees entered into by 51 municipalities during the Carter administration to increase minority hiring and promotion.
Ms. Hanson was also criticized by both Democrats and Republicans during the recent Whitewater hearings for her role in the White House-Treasury discussions about the investigation of Madison Guaranty Savings and Loan, which was run by James McDougal, a business partner of the Clintons in the Whitewater real estate development.
But Clinton offered some support to Altman during the hearings, and the White House has been careful not to make any overt move that could be seen as shoving him out.
Altman made many friends at the White House during his first year in office by playing a large role in mustering Congressional support for the president's budget and for the North American Free Trade Agreement.
Some civil servants and political appointees have resented him during both the Carter and Clinton administrations as too arrogant, too ambitious and too willing to curry favor with the White House.
``And I was scared,'' Richard Matienzo said during an interview Saturday, having finally made the leap last Wednesday night, only to be joined by a teammate, Augusto Duquesne, late Friday night, while Cuban officials were preoccupied watching the U.S. Dream Team defeat the Russians in the World Basketball Championships.
30 in Puerto Rico, during another tournament in Argentina, that Matienzo, a 6-foot-6-inch center, realized that his window of opportunity was likely closing.
In one story, a boy named Kevin finds himself in a mini-mart during a robbery.
During this year's program at St. Luke's United Methodist Church in Houston, children collected money for an a new playground for an Alabama church that had been destroyed in a tornado during a Palm Sunday service.
The rain did hold off for a little while, too, but eventually the heavens opened up, drenching the crowd during the start of the Rollins Band afternoon set.
Since 1992 the state has recovered 100,300 of the 261,000 jobs it lost during the recession.
Yellow Freight, the nation's biggest less-than-truckload carrier, laid off about 2,900 of its 5,500 office and administrative workers during a three-week strike in April by the Teamsters union against the trucking industry.
Among the top 10 with a five-year investment history, the Calvert Social Investment Equity A fund fared worst, losing 3.86 percent during the 12 months ended June 30 and returning an average of only 5.54 percent over five years.
A television reporter asked the New York Mets' boor his reaction to the fact that he is the biggest loser during the strike -- over $31,000 per day.
He didn't do it with the pure ball-striking he had displayed during the first two rounds, where the South African-born Price missed just four fairways and steered clear of all 88 of the Southern Hills bunkers.
He served in Europe as a captain in the Army Medical Corps during World War II.
Price, a war correspondent with the military newspaper Stars and Stripes in Europe during World War II and later the picture editor of The New York Herald Tribune, died Friday at his home in Charlotte, Vt. He was 74.
McCabe was in the Naval Air Transport Service during World War II and later worked for American Airlines.
Joyner-Kersee strained the medial collateral ligament in her right knee when she stumbled over a hurdle during the 110-meter hurdles event that she won on Friday.
Stanley Goldman, a Loyola Law School professor who teaches legal ethics, said trial balloons floated during the past weeks already have taken root in the jury pool.
``They are spiking up ridiculously and they are very slow and inconsistent.'' Greg Norman, who watched four birdie putts lip out during Saturday's round of 67, concurred.
``The tournament is basically in his hands,'' said Pavin, who chipped in twice during a round of 69 yet picked up just one stroke on Price.
He also suggests using them only during regular business hours.
``All we can do is look at the boats at the start and say, `That's the one we should worry about,' '' said Adams during an on-board interview here.
It was may have been easy for the Raiders to maintain perspective afterward, but it was a different story during the game.
``We're going to do some good things during the regular season.
$24.) The inner workings of the White House during the first year of the Clinton administration.
In an interview, O'Neill said he is prepared during the third phase of the Exxon case to reprise some of the arguments he introduced at the trial's start three months ago.
O'Neill also accused Exxon's senior executives, among them Lawrence Rawl, who was chairman and chief executive officer of Exxon at the time of the accident, of lying to the jurors during their trial testimony.
The most important witness for Exxon during the third phase is expected to be Lee R.
He said PRI-controlled media engineered a blackout of Fernandez events during the critical week before the close of the campaign.
He then covers the effect of the dropping of the atomic bombs and the buildup of terrifying nuclear arsenals, satellites in space, the Cuban missile crisis during the Kennedy presidency, the American loss in Vietnam, the policy of containment, the demise and revival of detente, Mikhail Gorbachev and the end of the cold war.
Writing about the two major shooting wars in Korea and Vietnam during the cold war era, he makes much of the fact that ``America's cold war defense budgets also pumped investment into the now-booming economies of the Pacific Rim.
Decisions about what is material usually occur during the contestability period.
Then, of course, came the biggest decision of Reeves' career as a Giant, letting Simms go during the off season.
But between February and April in 1892, and again during the same months of 1893, Monet focused his energies on Rouen Cathedral, producing 30 oils -- 28 of them of the cathedral's main facade -- that still serve as a model of what a series should be: paintings that are so similar yet so different.
But it is the sight of the 14 other ``Cathedrals,'' with their extraordinary variety of colors and moods, that best illustrates how Monet, working from dawn to dusk, became obsessed by the subject he called his ``cliff.'' ``I am a prisoner and I must go on until the end,'' he wrote during his 1893 visit.
The fiscal year that ended in June, he said, was the best in years, with profits nearly double the $1.4 million that was the highest annual profit during the Murdoch years.
Just 207,814 copies were sold each Sunday during the six-month period that ended in March, down from 233,507 in the period a year earlier.
If we can just forget that and go on with life, the opportunities are amazing.'' The victim of a sexual assault during her childhood, which she long tried to conceal, she is convinced that abuse sets off the psychological unraveling toward suicide.
Rothermel has partly protected himself from the drop by buying and selling such futures contracts during this year.
Four days of severe stress on corn from lack of moisture or temperature extremes during pollination can cut yields up to 50 percent, according to agronomists at Pioneer Hi-Bred International, the largest seed company.
Leon Goldsworthy, a specialist from Australia in the disposal of enemy explosive devices, who helped the U.S. Navy during the invasion of the Philippines in World War II, died on Aug.
Chrysler plans to build about 150,000 Cirrus and Stratus models at its Sterling Heights, Mich., assembly plant during the 1995 model year.
Why did the United States not try to take us out of the country before saying it would invade?' '' said Fagenes, a political organizer for Aristide who was pistol-whipped and left for dead when soldiers stormed the Sacred Heart Church during a Mass to pray for Aristide on Sept.
Dr. Ferdinand Anderson, the festival's medical director, said that during the peak period, ``I would much rather have been in the Korean war or the Vietnam war in that time period.'' During that time, late Saturday and early Sunday, ambulances roared incessantly along the festival roadways, through the eerie glow of flood lights, moving patients, some in restraints, to hospitals on and off the site.
The music is wonderful.'' As the concert moved toward closing and intermittent rain continued, medical officials converted a hospitality tent, set up by Pepsico for VIP guests, into a heated facility for hypothermia victims who might come in during the night.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The Council of Economic Advisers tried to estimate the maximum capacity during the 1960s and 1970s, but the Reagan administration abandoned the effort because officials could not decide how to make forecasts on capacity reflect the supply-side effects they predicted from lower taxes.
Unemployment stood at 6.1 percent of the work force during July, a rate that most Fed officials see as consistent with an economy at full capacity.
Because Newman has already been confirmed by the Senate in his current position, he could act as Altman's replacement during the often lengthy confirmation process.
He remembers the 1972 Russian Olympic team that handed the United States its first Olympic defeat in Munich, Germany, the game during which the seed of an NBA Dream Team to protect a vital American sports interest perhaps was sown.
After a brief suspension, during which 100 townspeople drove down Main Street hooting and hollering in his support, the board re-instated Humphries.
There is more than a little suffering in the Senate these days -- both in the sense of allowing and in the sense of enduring -- as lawmakers debate the most sweeping social legislation in a generation.
``Woodstock started it all and music has been very good for me, allowing me to see the world and do my thing,'' says Lloyd, who has played percussion with Kid Creole and the Coconuts and was scheduled to jam during the reggae set with Jimmy Cliff, another former bandmate, at Woodstock '94 Sunday afternoon.
There are sports magazines and sports books, and every night his father, Bill, reads to Will from one he has picked out during the day.
In fact, Glasson said he rarely played at Southern Hills during his college tenure in Tulsa.
Price's line during the past two seasons, worldwide: 82 tournaments, 16 victories, 45 top-10 finishes.
He had not missed more than four fairways during any round and his worst outing, the shaky 70 of Saturday, was way behind him as he strolled up the fairway to the last hole.
-- August 14, 1994 -- CANADA-ESKIMOS, 8-14 -- Susan Aglukark, an Eskimo who has used her success as a singer to try to help her generation cope with the transition from the traditional to the modern world, during a recent recording session in Toronto.
-- August 14, 1994 -- CANADA-ESKIMOS, 8-14 -- Susan Aglukark, an Eskimo who has used her success as a singer to try to help her generation cope with the transition from the traditional to the modern world, during a recent recording session in Toronto.
People of Hispanic descent as well as Asian-Americans experienced overall higher rates of suburbanization than did blacks during the same period, often viewing the city only as a stepping stone to the suburbs.
The match lasted all of 64 minutes, during which Frazier had 23 ground-stroke winners to Grossman's six.
He also walked through the crowds during the day, stopping for photographs and shaking hands.
People of Hispanic descent as well as Asian-Americans experienced overall higher rates of suburbanization than did blacks during the same period, often viewing the city only as a stepping stone to the suburbs.
People have to be held accountable.'' At an informal gathering of tenants at the Howard Houses recently, residents cited a litany of annoyances they said were rooted in drug dealing: having to clear away crack vials from building vestibules, struggling up staircases with groceries when drug dealers or their lookouts commandeer building elevators, and enduring sleepless nights when crack addicts roam corridors pounding on doors in search of apartments where drugs are sold.
``It looked like a war zone out there,'' said John Claire, chief spokesman for emergency medical services at Woodstock, whose crews were overwhelmed with the volume of casualties pouring out of the mosh pit during blistering sets by Metallica and Aerosmith early Sunday morning.
While there is no desire to dampen enthusiasm, decorum must be kept during the royal visit.'' The political significance amid the visits to lawn-bowling matches and official lunches seems mostly symbolic.
State police reported four deaths during the weekend.
Police made 14 arrests during the festival, including a man who assaulted a woman in a tent and then turned on police when confronted, The Associated Press reported.
Thirty teams competed in the weekend races, an American version of a 2,000 year-old Chinese tradition that takes place in southern China during the Summer Festival, the season's most important holiday.
His team came in first in its group during the preliminaries, and second overall.
Despite being fired by owners John and Betty Mabee during the gelding's 3-year-old year, Jory roots for Best Pal.
The Los Angeles Kings president first invoked his Fifth Amendment rights during a judgment debtor's examination in April, reasserted those rights when examined under oath by the bankruptcy trustee in May and once again when he submitted a schedule of his debts and assets last month.
The Los Angeles Kings president first invoked his Fifth Amendment rights during a judgment debtor's examination in April, reasserted those rights when examined under oath by the bankruptcy trustee in May and once again when he submitted a schedule of his debts and assets last month.
Musically, I got chills during King's X because they're from Houston and I covered them when they were this little bar band.
BRIEFLY As is generally the case during the summer in Mexico City, rain is in today's forecast.
$24.) The inner workings of the White House during the first year of the Clinton administration.
Decisions about what is material usually occur during the contestability period.
On a personal level, this is a struggle between relatively pragmatic revolutionaries, like Rafsanjani, and the revolutionary orthodoxy -- a conflict that echoes the fight that Trotsky and Bukharin lost to Stalin, or the one Danton lost to Robespierre during the French Revolution.
KNEELING AT THE ALTAR OF DEATH: FROM BELIEF TO FANATICISM  (BC-RELIGION-REVIEW-1STLD-2TAKES-NYT) It is an enduring paradox, how religions that teach peace can be taken by some adherents to justify acts of violence and bloodshed.
Or are we protecting something stupid and embarrassing?'' It was so much simpler during the Cold War.
James Woolsey, has talked himself hoarse briefing legislators during his 18 months in office, but comity between the CIA and Congress has not increased.
``Addictive, yeah, that is a good word for it,'' said Peter Newman, a 27-year-old devotee from Anchorage who has spent $1,500 so far on the cards, ``so is obsessive, all consuming and anything else that might describe an unquenchable desire or interest.'' Although Magic has produced 1,000 different face cards at last count, players can use about 60 during a game.
The monkey wrench is that the company keeps putting out new cards, so you have to keep adding to and subtracting from your working deck.'' Wizards has issued five series of cards during the last year, each with new characters, a few with great powers and scads of feckless wimps.
Militants killed a policeman during a bank robbery staged to raise money for the revolution.
He learned about dovetailing,'' but this didn't go too well during filming, James said.
``I don't know what else we'd like to do,'' Jack Amon said, ``but during winter months it's likely to involve a boat in the South Pacific.'' (Joe Murray, editor-publisher emeritus of the Lufkin (Texas) Daily News, is senior writer for Cox Newspapers.) .
If the animal does not offer a ``sit'' during the 30 seconds, lead the animal by the nose as you did in he beginning and try it ten more times.
It's a look that isn't going to become dated during the car's lifetime.
It's a look that isn't going to become dated during the car's lifetime.
Joe had fled Canton, China in 1948 during the revolution and 18 years later emigrated from Taiwan to Hoboken, New Jersey, where he was working toward a masters degree in chemistry.
-- August 15, 1994 -- CANADA-ESKIMOS, 8-14 -- Susan Aglukark, an Eskimo who has used her success as a singer to try to help her generation cope with the transition from the traditional to the modern world, during a recent recording session in Toronto.
John Denaro leads children in prayer during a Bible school class at the Calvary-St. George Episcopal Church in Manhattan, where religion is combined with games and crafts.
-- August 15, 1994 -- CANADA-ESKIMOS, 8-14 -- Susan Aglukark, an Eskimo who has used her success as a singer to try to help her generation cope with the transition from the traditional to the modern world, during a recent recording session in Toronto.
John Denaro leads children in prayer during a Bible school class at the Calvary-St. George Episcopal Church in Manhattan, where religion is combined with games and crafts.
-- August 15, 1994 -- CANADA-ESKIMOS, 8-14 -- Susan Aglukark, an Eskimo who has used her success as a singer to try to help her generation cope with the transition from the traditional to the modern world, during a recent recording session in Toronto.
John Denaro leads children in prayer during a Bible school class at the Calvary-St. George Episcopal Church in Manhattan, where religion is combined with games and crafts.
France and Belgium have a white square that flickers in the corner of the screen during programs that parents might deem unsuitable for their offspring.
France and Belgium have a white square that flickers in the corner of the screen during programs that parents might deem unsuitable for their offspring.
The Defense Department may be buying far less military equipment than it did during the Cold War; the 1994 allocation of $44 billion was about half the 1988 figure, after allowing for inflation.
The Defense Department may be buying far less military equipment than it did during the Cold War; the 1994 allocation of $44 billion was about half the 1988 figure, after allowing for inflation.
The Defense Department may be buying far less military equipment than it did during the Cold War; the 1994 allocation of $44 billion was about half the 1988 figure, after allowing for inflation.
Many of these have come at traditional manufacturing firms; indeed, this is the first recovery on record during which manufacturing employment has actually fallen.
All these things are signs of the ``new economy'' that Clinton and his team talked so much about during his presidential campaign.
Many of these have come at traditional manufacturing firms; indeed, this is the first recovery on record during which manufacturing employment has actually fallen.
All these things are signs of the ``new economy'' that Clinton and his team talked so much about during his presidential campaign.
Many of these have come at traditional manufacturing firms; indeed, this is the first recovery on record during which manufacturing employment has actually fallen.
All these things are signs of the ``new economy'' that Clinton and his team talked so much about during his presidential campaign.
I was in New Orleans at the time, taking part in a panel discussion on ``Fair Trial/Free Press: the Enduring Tension Between the First and Sixth Amendments'' at the national convention of the American Bar Association.
Espy just happened to be coming to Texas for a meeting in January during the NFL playoffs.
Dempsey's name has surfaced regularly during the scrutiny of her friend, Secretary Espy.
That could prove especially beneficial for adolescent girls, who are prone to eating disorders during puberty, when there is an increase in fat intake and its storage by the body.
``We're not going to turn the clock of this state back 50 years,'' Shelley said, referring to the concentration camp internment of loyal Japanese Americans during World War II.
``I'd only seen a few real goatees and I thought having one might be too weird.'' Wolverton got over those feelings during the passing years, especially when he discovered that goatees prompted ``no particular reaction from people.'' But the 29-year-old worker in an art gallery watched in considerable amazement this year as his goatee became only one of many goatees on the passing parade of men.
And there is the story of a Japanese man who, forsaken by his country, settles in America with his family, only to have that family be forsaken by their adopted country, sent off to an internment camp during World War II.
``That story,'' says Iritani, ``gave me a sense of the real victims of the war and how people of both sides suffered in ways that are difficult to appreciate if you were not there.'' Stories like the balloon bomb incident kept coming up in Iritani's interviews during the three months she lived in Port Angeles, but it would be more than a year and a half into her project before she came to believe that they were part of the story that had to be told in her book.
Beginning in the mid-1980s, scientists began gathering evidence that chemical cues controlled the migration of axons during development.
Which is why you shouldn't be surprised if, during the next six weeks or so, you start seeing articles about alligator calling, cockroach breeding and shark hugging, to name just a few.
	There is little sign that either side is ready to give ground in the dispute, which has stirred memories of the kind of bitter labor turmoil that paralyzed Britain during the 1960s and 1970s.
``It's the sort of belief that may remain dormant for years but then comes out during an unguarded moment of stress.'' There is no racial element in the Hitlerian sense in such sentiment, he says.
Perhaps the Detroit Tigers' enduring double-play combination of shortstop Alan Trammell and second baseman Lou Whitaker, together since 1978, has turned two for the final time.
Serving in the Navy during the war, Bering invented a foam sponge made with an insoluble blood protein called fibrin to dress wounds and control hemorrhaging.
At my home in San Francisco, I have a tape of the bells that rang out during an Easter visit there years ago.
At one time, 19 people slept wherever they could in the three-bedroom home, secreting themselves in the strongest and most secure sections during the heaviest bombardments.
And later, Mara, her sister-in-law, who lives upstairs but came downstairs during the raids, does the same: Talking, wiping her eyes.
Unfortunately, Harrington said, bad weather in Hawaii blocked the view of Jupiter during much of the impact period, but the telescope still recorded enough data to keep analysts busy for years.
NASA's Extreme Ultraviolet Explorer satellite detected no light emission due to helium before the impacts, but strong helium emissions during the impacts.
The study examined 110 instances of companies signing stars to pitch their wares during a 12-year period, from Paula Abdul for Diet Coke, L.A. Gear and Reebok to Bruce Willis for Seagram's wine coolers.
``You don't see reports that these bills are unpopular or the economy is in trouble, but rather a great emphasis on gossip and clear partisan hatchet work.'' But one word of caution from Ron Ziegler, President Nixon's press secretary, in a new educational video produced by the Freedom Forum's First Amendment Center: ``I learned many things during the Watergate era.
Bernstein & Co. ``I was relieved to see that what had to happen to pull out some profitability had happened.'' Poneman said Kmart demonstrated better control over its expenses during the quarter.
Dyslexia appears to be a problem stemming from mistakes that occur during brain development, he said.
All three periods of gigantic fire, about 1300, 1500 and 1700, occurred during climate periods in the Northwest that were cold but may also have been abnormally dry, Henderson said.
In fact, he suggested, at about the end of the decade the sunspot minima could coincide with several other conditions present during the previous fire periods.
Despite being fired by owners John and Betty Mabee during the gelding's 3-year-old year, Jory roots for Best Pal.
The match lasted all of 64 minutes, during which Frazier had 23 ground-stroke winners to Grossman's six.
In contrast, AST Research, the Irvine, Calif.-based computer maker that employs 1,800 people in Fort Worth, had a gross profit of less than 14 cents on every $1 in sales during its most recent quarter.
``Moreover, scores on a puzzle task, designed to measure spatial reasoning ability, increased significantly during the course of the period they received music lessons,'' Rauscher said.
On one hand, he has been deemed as having the most to lose from a prolonged strike: a middle reliever with little market value who has not had the luxury of a multimillion dollar salary to provide a financial cushion during the strike.
His medical tests during those months were also paid for by the Players' Association.
 (BC-TEN-VOLVO-NYT) ``Who's that?'' was heard as often as ``good shot'' Monday during the opening session of the Volvo International at the Connecticut Tennis Center.
The only other seeded player in action during the day session, Andrei Chesnokov, seeded 13th, also advanced by beating Byron Black of Zimbabwe, 6-4, 6-0.
Labor Secretary Robert Reich said he had run into the phenomenon in numerous conversations during his travels as a member of the Cabinet.
The Coast Guard says that since January 5,786 Cubans have landed on Florida's shores, compared with 3,656 during all of last year, and that far this month, 1,055 have landed.
International negotiators will meet next week in Switzerland to re-examine the treaty, which was signed during the Bush administration and calls for reduction of gases like carbon dioxide and methane that many scientists say act like a global blanket to trap the sun's energy in a greenhouse effect and create global warming.
Some sat in battered beach chairs around a campfire they had lit to keep warm during the night, using wood torn from fences and concession stands.
On one hand, he has been deemed as having the most to lose from a prolonged strike: a middle reliever with little market value who has not had the luxury of a multimillion dollar salary to provide a financial cushion during the strike.
His medical tests during those months were also paid for by the Players' Association.
It has always been with them, particularly during the bad years of the Duvaliers, who ruled Haiti with terror for 30 years.
Later that year, he flew to Beirut and joined the group, which had fled to Lebanon during the Jordanian-Palestinian civil war in September 1970.
 (BC-BBO-LABOR-NYT) Richard Ravitch, the owners' chief labor executive, has used the figure so often during the owners' labor dispute with the players that $1.2 million has become indelibly imprinted on the minds of fans, who would rather hear baseball people talk about 61 and .400.
It's like comparing Muhammad Ali to Larry Holmes: both were dominant, but the heavyweight division was much richer in talent during Ali's day.
It's like comparing Muhammad Ali to Larry Holmes: both were dominant, but the heavyweight division was much richer in talent during Ali's day.
Fifteen people were killed during that demonstration, some by soldiers who fired on the crowd.
Nelson, 19, who was held on Rikers Island during his first trial in the killing, will surrender to the authorities in U.S. District Court in Brooklyn on Tuesday, the lawyer, Arthur Lewis Jr., said.
Rosenbaum was slain as he walked the streets of Crown Heights during the unrest that began hours earlier on Aug.
The crowd was so big that some people had to stand outside during the ceremony.
	Bloch told The Associated Press, ``Actor James Caan voluntarily entered a drug rehabilitation program at an undisclosed location.'' 	``Mr. Caan has been there well over two weeks,'' he continued, ``and the doctors say he is doing great.'' 	Meanwhile, prosecutors announced Monday that they would drop misdemeanor charges brought in March against Caan for allegedly pulling a gun during an argument with a rap musician, Derek Lee, who goes by the name Doc Rapper.
The argument escalated into a physical confrontation during which one of the four men ran into the Victoria's Secret store.
``Part of the Republican program should be to show that we can help to solve urban problems as effectively, if not more effectively, than Democrats.'' With a few reservations, Giuliani generally endorses the crime legislation on principle -- particularly after months of negotiations during which the White House and the bill's chief sponsor, Rep.
John Denaro leads children in prayer during a Bible school class at the Calvary-St. George Episcopal Church in Manhattan, where religion is combined with games and crafts.
John Denaro leads children in prayer during a Bible school class at the Calvary-St. George Episcopal Church in Manhattan, where religion is combined with games and crafts.
John Denaro leads children in prayer during a Bible school class at the Calvary-St. George Episcopal Church in Manhattan, where religion is combined with games and crafts.
Even that measurement has stayed almost constant during Cuomo's tenure.
New York ranked seventh in that category during the nine-month period.
Employment figures adjusted for seasonal variations show that New York lost 150,200 jobs during that period, while the rest of the country gained almost 5.1 million jobs.
Apparel, shoes, school supplies and other merchandise related to the fall academic season are big sellers during this period.
Harzdorf and Stanco remember being schoolgirls during Queen Elizabeth's coronation in 1953.
Police arrested 24 people during the festival, which Saugerties Police Chief Greg Hulbert called about average for a holiday weekend.
Police arrested 24 people during the festival, which Saugerties Police Chief Greg Hulbert called about average for a holiday weekend.
Despite the abundant and expensive possessions they were planning to leave behind, concertgoers greeted the morning with considerably more enthusiasm than they had mustered during the previous morning's rain.
If only he could do something similar during the regular season.
Brown is the receiver who went to the Pro Bowl last year and the one who the Denver Broncos signed to a free-agent offer sheet during the off-season, which the Raiders matched.
Even during the last part of the season, people were talking about my pass catching, but I think I did a pretty good job of blocking as well.'' In fact, a successful Cash blocking assignment was one of the bigger plays in the Chiefs' season.
The Irish went 10-1-1 during Jones's season at Notre Dame.
The only goal we've had all during off-season workouts has been to win the national championship.'' The national championship?
Harzdorf and Stanco remember being schoolgirls during Queen Elizabeth's coronation in 1953.
``Hodge has been very impressive (during early fall drills).
Receiver Kevin Williams triggered the other off-beat moment of the evening when, during a fight between him and Houston's Cris Dishman, he was inexplicably joined by coach Barry Switzer.
``Homicide rates reportedly have remained fairly stable during this century, and have not increased uniformily in heavily crack-involved cities during the crack era,'' the draft said.
This and other data surface during some of the off-site anecdotal comments that are tastefully inserted between musical offerings.
George successfully defends his crown as ``King of the Punsters'' by delivering several stinkers during his monologue with the crowd.
It's easy to catch a race in Ireland during a trip here.
Watergate, however, had given the old Nixon crowd an enduring claim on fame.
``A public defender in New Orleans represented 418 defendants during the first seven months of 1991,'' Mr. Bright notes.
``It was a joke that I was one of the few people who paid to get into Bedford,'' says Ms. DeLuca, who has been represented pro bono during her appeal.
	No candles are lit during the service because many of the people are sensitive to smoke; electric candles are used instead.
	As a young boy in Germany during World War II, he watched his grandfather, an Orthodox Jew, wade into a brook to retrieve fragments of a Torah scroll that the Nazis desecrated and burned.
	No candles are lit during the service because many of the people are sensitive to smoke; electric candles are used instead.
	As a young boy in Germany during World War II, he watched his grandfather, an Orthodox Jew, wade into a brook to retrieve fragments of a Torah scroll that the Nazis desecrated and burned.
The 15-year-old once exhausted 20 horses during a 322-mile trek that took less than 22 hours.
(Typical of Cody's luck, the honor was revoked in 1917.) In 1883, Cody began the Wild West Show that during its 30 years would feature many of the icons of the romantic West, including Annie Oakley and Sioux Indian Chief Sitting Bull.
The 15-year-old once exhausted 20 horses during a 322-mile trek that took less than 22 hours.
(Typical of Cody's luck, the honor was revoked in 1917.) In 1883, Cody began the Wild West Show that during its 30 years would feature many of the icons of the romantic West, including Annie Oakley and Sioux Indian Chief Sitting Bull.
The subject of that meeting came up repeatedly in July during a three-day summer celebration in North Carolina sponsored by Good News, United Methodists' conservative caucus.
No record could be found of subsequent Kickapoo Bowls, one of several postseason games with unusual names played during those years.
Experts from both sides will meet during the next few weeks in an attempt to work out these issues.
After a prosperous 16 starts during the 1990 season in which he was fourth in the NFC is passing yards and the No. 2 QB rusher, Rosenbach missed all of 1991 with a blown knee.
Aguayo said a study conducted by his group showed that during one month this summer, 36 percent of Televisa's campaign coverage was about Zedillo.
	Rail officials using supervisors said they have managed to keep one in three scheduled trains running so far during the 48-hour work stoppage that ends , but platforms in many of London's mainline rail stations were all but deserted, as tourists and travelers scrambled for other ways to get around the country.
The dispute, the longest since Britain's rail network was nationalized in 1947, has stirred memories of the kind of bitter labor turmoil that paralyzed Britain during the 1960s and 1970s.
Nodding towards the judge, he then turned to his guards and added: ``He is a star.'' 	But after two hours of closed-door interrogation, during which he was arraigned for planning a bombing that killed one person and injured 63 others in Paris in 1982, one witness said the 44-year-old Venezuelan-born extremist ``emerged less smiling than when he entered.'' 	WASHINGTON (NYT) -- Worried by the prospect of a new flood of refugees, the Clinton administration has asked France to keep its troops in Rwanda to stabilize the situation there.
But Kachirisky balks at having his own photograph taken during an informal tour of the museum he gives in broken English.
Set in the 1950s and rather over-obviously scored with period music, ``Corrina, Corrina'' takes its title, in fact, from an old blues song that got resurrected as a rock 'n' roll hit during that repressive decade.
They would impart the accumulated wisdom handed down orally over the generations, as have been many of humanity's most enduring truths.
The Haitians have selected their own camp leaders to air grievances, and there are regular meetings several times a week during which any Haitians here may ask questions of military officers or officials with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees or the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service.
Determined to stay in the same kind of business -- Breland has a college degree in horticulture -- he learned all he could about organic methods during a year of recuperation.
Determined to stay in the same kind of business -- Breland has a college degree in horticulture -- he learned all he could about organic methods during a year of recuperation.
After a prosperous 16 starts during the 1990 season in which he was fourth in the NFC is passing yards and the No. 2 QB rusher, Rosenbach missed all of 1991 with a blown knee.
The program does not let us forget that if two of the three had not been white, their fate would probably not have made the national news; the bodies of nine black men, whose disappearance had evidently gone unremarked outside their own families, were found during the dredging for Chaney, Goodman and Schwerner.
	If the state police estimates are accurate, the population of Saugerties exceeded that of Buffalo, New York's second-largest city, during last weekend's Woodstock festival.
	John Barese, the owner of the Starway, said that his small diner had done three months' worth of business during the three-day festival.
Woodroffe explained that Mick Jagger tends to speed up the songs when he's singing and Richards likes to slow them down when he's playing guitar, so they have to find a comfortable compromise during rehearsal.
WHITE HOUSE At a rain-spattered rally, First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton watched a big clock tick past 500,000 -- the number of Americans who have lost their insurance during the Senate debate.
Home sales, which have been one of the few sectors displaying an economic revival, remained brisk during earlier rate hikes but economists worry that the latest jump could push buyers out of the market.
The studies, from researchers in the New York State Health Department and New York University, are believed to be the first to measure the amount of the AIDS virus, known as HIV, in infected women during pregnancy and at delivery and in the infant during its first months of life.
Most transmission probably occurs as the infant moves through the birth canal, an editorial in the journal said, so doctors should be able to reduce the risk of transmission by doing things like using disinfectants to cleanse the vagina during labor.
Although the amount of HIV remained stable in each woman during pregnancy, there was great variation in the group.
``The good thing about American crime films is that sometimes 20 people die during that film, and you're not sorry.
``The good thing about American crime films is that sometimes 20 people die during that film, and you're not sorry.
The National Weather Service said late Monday that the corn and soybean region will be warmer and drier than normal during the first half of next week.
Taking the popular Rotisserie leagues a step further, users employ nine major league players and make managerial decisions during the course of the game.
We hear it repeated that conservatives are merely getting in their licks for the shabby treatment accorded Robert Bork and the accusations against Clarence Thomas during hearings on their Supreme Court nominations.
Rail officials using supervisors said that they had managed to keep one in three scheduled trains running so far during the 48-hour work stoppage that ends at midnight, but platforms in many of London's mainline rail stations were all but deserted, as tourists and travelers scrambled for other ways to get around the country.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) The 48-hour work stoppage that began on Monday came on the heels of another 24-hour strike last Friday, crippling travel during the heart of the August vacation season.
Like many other Hong Kong developers, Wu flourished during the 1970s as property prices began their steep upward spiral.
With little effort, Hopewell raised a total of nearly $1 billion during 1991 and 1992.
Leamer writes that Rosemary was awake during the operation.
Leamer writes that Rosemary was awake during the operation.
The shooting between the smugglers and the troops often keeps Kurds who live around the lake awake during the night.
No less game was the film's star Robert Downey Jr., who has the principal role of the hard-living Robert Merivel, court physician to Charles II during the Restoration.
They'll ask, Why does it cost $18,000 for three days in a hospital -- use of operating room for four hours during that three days, not including physician fee.
Miller recalled Tuesday that the owners made no great effort to get rid of arbitration, which the players won in 1973, during the 1976 negotiations.
This revelation came to me as I watched clips of Woodstock '94 on the news during the weekend.
It was staged 25 years ago, in 1969, during what would be called the summer of mud.
This revelation came to me as I watched clips of Woodstock '94 on the news during the weekend.
It was staged 25 years ago, in 1969, during what would be called the summer of mud.
But after two hours of closed-door interrogation, during which he was arraigned for planning a bombing that killed one person and wounded 63 others in Paris in 1982, one witness said the 44-year-old Venezuelan-born guerrilla ``emerged less smiling than when he entered.'' Although Carlos was linked to attacks in Germany, Britain, and Austria, France was believed to be the single greatest victim of his violence.
He was accompanied during his interrogation by a lawyer, Mourad Oussedik, who told reporters that Carlos had been ``kidnapped'' because France had filed no formal extradition request.
But Oussedik said that Carlos was relaxed during Tuesday's hearing and that he discussed points ``freely and objectively'' with the investigating judge.
It was later announced that Carlos had taken on one of France's best- known lawyers, Jacques Verges, a former Communist who defended the Nazi war criminal, Klaus Barbie, during his trial in Lyons in 1987.
If the police estimates are accurate, the population of Saugerties exceeded that of Buffalo, the state's second-largest city, during last weekend's Woodstock festival.
Though unthinkable today, this was the situation of Virgil Thomson during his 14 years at The New York Herald Tribune.
``When Virgil was at the Tribune,'' the composer Elliot Carter observed during a memorial service for him in 1989, ``visiting orchestras did not dare present a program in New York that didn't have a new work on it.'' Of course, Thomson's reviews were hardly free of mischief or self-interest.
Christian pilgrims during the Renaissance and afterward were once again keen to own some little reproduction of whatever holy icon they had traveled far to see.
The audit committee's examination also found that Alan Golub, the company's president and chief operating officer during the time the fraud took place, did little analysis of budgets and projections, according to Stillman's report.
But it is during the stay at the Transit Home, normally for less than a day, that the refugees get their first taste of a new life.
Why don't you try out for tight end?' '' He caught 62 passes during his second season at Marin and headed off to Division II Portland State.
``That's a good project, and it should be retained,'' Foley said of the center, which Brooks, who represents that district, inserted into the final bill without a vote during the House-Senate conference.
Tuesday's action makes further rate increases less likely during the autumn congressional campaign, the official said, a position that the Federal Reserve's announcement early Tuesday afternoon appeared to support.
The economy grew at an annual rate of 3.7 percent during the second quarter, a level many experts say is greater than the maximum that is sustainable without igniting inflation.
Another possibility would be letting viewers take part in an instant poll during a television talk show.
Word of some of its decisions dribbled out during the day.
Another possibility would be letting viewers take part in an instant poll during a television talk show.
She puts her arm up, and it hits her, giving her four puncture wounds in the arm.'' Strehl was knocked to the ground, and at that point, Wade said, ``the others all jump on the cat and Robin stabs it with a 12-inch kitchen bread knife.'' The cat bit off Winslow's thumb during the melee when the man grabbed the animal near its mouth.
The casual listener might conclude that rock is no more -- or at least that time stopped back in 1969, during the summer of Woodstock I.
I don't understand.'' Nelson, who never took the stand during his first trial and who has not talked publicly about it, spoke yesterday in a tightly controlled interview arranged by his lawyer, Arthur Lewis Jr. In it, he denied killing Yankel Rosenbaum and said he harbored no anger toward Jews.
Nelson said he was abused and threatened by corrections officers during his detention on Rikers Island, and fears for his welfare if he is ordered incarcerated again on Wednesday.
Word of some of its decisions dribbled out during the day.
FORMER S.F. POLITICIAN HAROLD DOBBS DIES AT 75  (BC-DOBBS-OBIT-350&ADD-SFCHRON) An untiring man who involved himself in business, law and numerous charities, Mr. Dobbs was also the co-founder of the Mel's drive-in restaurant chain, made famous in the movie ``American Graffiti.'' His energy and civic duty were tested during three unsuccessful mayoral races.
Those positions are not the high-paying blue collar jobs lost during aerospace industry cuts in recent years, but were expected to help offset some of those losses.
Ball is one of six unrestricted free agents the team signed during the off-season in an effort to attain that goal.
But Agassi, most definitely, did not like the rock music being played during changeovers in his second-round match with Jan Siemerink of the Netherlands, and he asked several times in the opening set that this part of the experiment be dropped.
And I'll never play anywhere again where they play music during a match.'' Agassi's surprise ouster by a player ranked 113th in the world cost the Volvo one of its biggest attractions in his opening match, and was the latest misfortune in a string that has bedeviled the tournament since it moved here in 1990 -- ranging from a host of early upsets of highly seeded players to a cracked stadium court to bad weather and complaints about poor lighting.
And that wasn't tennis out there.'' It was to Siemerink, who conceded he had an edge of sorts since he had experienced the contemporary rock music during his first-round match on Monday.
``I agree it's tough with the music because they play it during the changeover, which is the only time you have to think about your opponent and your strategy,'' he said.
Marchese, Lomack fled from a stolen car that crashed two blocks north of her home during a police chase, Minor said.
police dog helping officers make an arrest was punched, grabbed and bitten by a suspect during a scuffle, officials said.
Ball is one of six unrestricted free agents the team signed during the off-season in an effort to attain that goal.
``In this firm, under these circumstance, it could be a semi-big deal.'' It is also not clear whether the New York Stock Exchange, which also regulates Kidder, had raised the issue of Carpenter's registration with the firm during its annual compliance reviews.
Quarterback Troy Aikman is a close friend of Hellestrae, the veteran long-snapper who has taken turns at center during Stepnoski's rehabilitation.
The bored faces in the audience during the second half, the faces that had been expectant and festive at the kickoff, hinted that Lincoln Coleman and Rodney Peete, or, for that matter, Jerry Jones, were not on their way to becoming heroic statues in Chapultepec Park.
However, DeBellevue said he did not know at what altitude the plane began experiencing problems during the spin test.
Asked Tuesday about his contract status, Donahue said he received the offer during a spring meeting with UCLA chancellor Charles Young and later signed the contract.
Perhaps the most fascinating exhibits are the Enigmas, electro-mechanical cipher machines used by Germany during World War II.
Cronic is one of Emory University's 10 success stories: survivors of the 20 transplants performed during the first year of Emory's unrelated donor bone-marrow transplant program.
She's on a National Marrow Donor Program committee and she'll be a volunteer in September during the American Red Cross' special drive to identify potential marrow donors.
When Beecher Hills Elementary School set up an area to test potential marrow donors during its spring carnival this year, more than 500 of Thornton's police colleagues turned out.
Since we met the federal standards during the last four years, we're obviously proceeding in the right direction.'' During the past two decades, in fact, the Bay Area has reduced the number of smoggy days.
Since we met the federal standards during the last four years, we're obviously proceeding in the right direction.'' During the past two decades, in fact, the Bay Area has reduced the number of smoggy days.
If the programs work here, the nonpartisan group whose founding members include former Presidents Jimmy Carter and Gerald Ford will implement them nationally during the 1996 campaign.
We're going to get this going in the right direction.'' After enduring a difficult 4-7 season at Stanford, his first losing one as a college coach, Walsh contemplated retirement for health reasons.
So television allows me to be in more places.'' The ads are scheduled to run in the San Francisco, Seattle, Boston, Denver and Minneapolis TV markets during shows including ``Northern Exposure,'' ``Melrose Place,'' ``Seinfeld,'' and ``Saturday Night Live.'' Whether Pete's is in fact a ``microbrewery'' is a matter of debate.
President Jimmy Carter had just repealed the federal restrictions on home brewing that had been passed in 1920 during Prohibition, so Slosberg started experimenting with barley and hops.
Leno said he's also considering a visit to Chicago during November sweeps and mentioned possible trips to other cities.
According to the Secret History of the Mongols, he fell from a horse during a hunt.
According to the Secret History of the Mongols, he fell from a horse during a hunt.
In an emotional speech Tuesday on the Senate floor, Wellstone charged that ``much of the struggle over whether or not we will have a fundamental health care reform has to do with our failure to yet enact fundamental campaign finance reform legislation.'' Wellstone cited a report that the health care industry gave $24.4 million in political contributions to senators and representatives during the first half of this year -- when health care bills were being formulated in committees.
J.P. Freeman & Co. of Newtown, Conn., a security research and consulting firm, says that the amount spent on installing and monitoring residential security systems increased 67 percent between 1988 and 1993, with $15 billion being spent during that period.
-- Nearly two-thirds of the high school students and one-third of the college students surveyed said they had cheated on exams at least once during that year.
In June, the Irving (Texas) School Board passed a resolution encouraging teachers to instill traditional virtues -- distinguishing right from wrong, honesty, sexual abstinence, love of country, respect for human life and property -- during daily classes.
Murders, rapes, robberies and burglaries dropped to zero during the late-night games.
Several times during the interview, he leapt up from his armchair to fetch papers on his desk.
Gail Wilensky, who headed Medicare during the Bush administration, agreed that ``getting Medicare enacted was a piece of cake compared to what the Clinton administration is trying to accomplish today.
``I'd led nine different orchestras by then,'' he said during a long, relaxed interview recently.
A more literal example is Kirstein's revelation that he sometimes recites a Muslim prayer during Mass.
Dole earned his reputation as a GOP hitman while serving as RNC chairman during the Watergate scandal and as Gerald Ford's running mate in 1976 when he referred to World War II and Vietnam as ``Democratic wars.'' Consequently, Don Bain, chairman of the Colorado Republican Party, said he does not see the health care debate as a defining issue for Dole because ``he's always been somewhat negative and obstructionist -- it goes with the territory.'' Dole, who has run for president twice and vice president once in his 34-year congressional career, understands what is at stake in the health care debate -- and how Democratic parliamentary tactics can reinforce the impression that he delights in nothing more than obstructing legislation.
J.P. Freeman & Co. of Newtown, Conn., a security research and consulting firm, says that the amount spent on installing and monitoring residential security systems increased 67 percent between 1988 and 1993, with $15 billion being spent during that period.
``What I like here is the risque attitude,'' said Lisa Peterson, the director of the Kushner ``Good Person'' and other shows at La Jolla during the last three years, who has worked at regional theaters all over the country.
On the other hand, I used to be so nervous that I'd almost cry when I gave a book report in school.'' Sitting for an interview during her lunch break from rehearsals last week, Rigby waited for a Casa staff member to bring her a vegetarian sandwich from a nearby submarine shop.
That's the nature of the game.'' Indeed, Williams is merely one player among the roughly 10 percent of the entire NFL who shifted to a new team during the recent offseason.
He spends his free time with his wife, Barbara, and leads weekly Fellowship of Christian Athletes meetings during the season at the team's practice facility.
``Another component of FX will be the channel hosts, who will interact with our audience during the day (and) inform viewers of upcoming programming.
``Coming Out Under Fire,'' a documentary that opened this summer from Zeitgeist Films, is about gay and lesbian soldiers during World War II.
I would hope that there's starting to be a return on that investment.'' The ads for ``For a Lost Soldier,'' a love story about a Canadian soldier and a Dutch pre-teen-age boy during World War II, was one of Strand Releasing's biggest financial successes.
``Mickey Gilley's a client,'' said Sandy Brokaw, a publicist for Gilley, best known for his hits during the ``Urban Cowboy'' craze, Ms. Lynn, Haggard and others.
``But there are different levels of springboards for different bands.'' On Monday, Letterman referred to the group several times during his show, which also included an appearance by a mud-covered Tony Randall.
Forecasters predicted an 80 percent chance of acceptable weather during the launching window.
``But there are different levels of springboards for different bands.'' On Monday, Letterman referred to the group several times during his show, which also included an appearance by a mud-covered Tony Randall.
 (BC-TEN-VOLVO-NYT) Drowned out by controversy on Tuesday night, when Andre Agassi blamed his opening-round exit on piped-in music that distracted him during change-overs, the beleaguered Volvo International took a meteorological drenching that halted play midway through Wednesday afternoon.
 (BC-TEN-VOLVO-NYT) Drowned out by controversy on Tuesday night, when Andre Agassi blamed his opening-round exit on piped-in music that distracted him during change-overs, the beleaguered Volvo International took a meteorological drenching that halted play midway through Wednesday afternoon.
That campaign, which focused on meat as a healthier food during a period of public concern over fat, had some trouble when Garner was admitted to a hospital with blocked arteries and Shepherd admitted that she was trying to cut down on fatty foods like red meat.
He acknowledges that cost pressures have abated somewhat in the last few years but doubts that the pause reflects any enduring capacity of the system to repair itself.
``For me,'' he said, ``when I came back from the camps the most difficult part was that after all you'd done during the day, you saw all the corpses.'' For Miss Rossi, who worked for Doctors Without Borders in Rwanda before joining the Red Cross, hundreds died before her eyes at the height of the cholera crisis.
``People ask me: `Why are you smiling?' I said, `What do you want me to do -- panic?' '' A personality test she took during training showed that she was an ``extreme optimist'' and that under stress she became even more optimistic, she said.
Who are we to say one suffering is worse than another?'' For some Red Cross team members, humor is the best way to get over the horrors of what they saw and did during the cholera epidemic.
Although she pledged during the campaign to allow her daughter to become prime minister, she is said to have her eye on Wijetunga's job as president, for which a separate election is scheduled in November.
``The vehicle is in good shape, and we're ready to go fly,'' said Brewster Shaw, director of shuttle operations for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, as technicians prepared to load fuel aboard Endeavour during the final hours of the countdown.
	Her first work, a documentary she produced and directed with Robin Smith about the struggles of drug-addicted women during pregnancy and motherhood, will have its premiere on Sept.
(An equal opportunity offender, the Capitol Steps also did Stand by Your Dan'' a few years ago during the Bush administration, and it still is available on CD.) And if you're looking for raunch, there's ``Saturday Night Live'' comic Adam Sandler (Warner Bros.), whose brand of off-the-air comedy makes Lenny Bruce look pretty tame.
In fact, she says, she was irritated when, during a recent appearance with Cuomo in her Mineola home, reporters suggested that the Cuomo campaign was using her.
The crimes included four car thefts, two burglaries that occurred during the day and three armed robberies, including one in which an elderly couple were severely pistol whipped.
Altman, a Clinton friend from college days, had been accused of intentionally misleading Congress during testimony about contacts between the Treasury Department and the White House staff.
White House officials said they also expected Treasury counsel Jean Hanson to step down by the end of the week because of testimony she gave during the recent Whitewater hearings that differed substantially from that of Altman and Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen.
He said others should be fired, including Hanson and Treasury chief of staff Joshua Steiner, who was also involved in contacts with the White House and repudiated some damaging entries in his diary during testimony before Congress.
The account of what happened during the hearing came from Nelson's lawyers.
In 1981, Belanger said during the first week that the strike had been ``orchestrated and organized'' by the owners.
When it rains -- and in this part of the country you're almost guaranteed at least a day or two during a weeklong stay -- visitors may also take in the Priest Lake Museum and Visitor Center, off Route 57, on the lake's west shore.
She ended up having to dodge raindrops and a confused pole-vault official who wandered onto the edge of the track during her second lap.
But Agassi said there's a difference between the conceptual rock-and-roll tennis of his Nike ads and the interjection of rock-and-roll music -- not, it must be noted, his favorite kind of music -- during competition.
But this is no different than having magic shows during change-overs.
``I think this is gonna die on its own,'' said Agassi, who doesn't think he or the fans need to ``tap their toes to Frank Sinatra'' during change-overs.
If it creates a problem and doesn't have an upside, we shouldn't do it.'' But Miles said tournament officials were well within their rights to turn a deaf ear to Agassi's pleas to have the plug pulled on the music during his match.
You go over those a thousand times during the week.
Both Altman and Ms. Hanson had been harshly criticized by members of the Senate Banking Committee during the recent Whitewater hearings for misleading them in February testimony over the extent of contacts between the White House and Treasury over Whitewater.
President Yeltsin has signed lofty summit statements pledging to improve nuclear security and publicly exhorted Russia's intelligence services to crush ``any attempt to gain unauthorized access to nuclear components.'' And Clinton administration officials say that Russian and American nuclear specialists are beginning to cooperate in ways that would have been unthinkable during the Cold War.
But Congress has been hearing mostly from those who want exceptions, exemptions and delay for financial reasons.'' Rother added, ``The fate of the bill in the House probably rests with how vocal the majority that supports the bill is during the next two weeks.'' 
Dressed in civilian clothes for a foray into the countryside on Monday, Cedras shook hands, smiled and danced with his wife during a stop at a cantina as the television cameras focused on him.
The Dallas computer superstore retailer said it lost $16.8 million on revenues of $2.15 billion during the year ended June 25, compared with earnings of $12.3 million on revenues of $1.34 billion during the previous year.
The losses include a $13.9 million loss during the company's fiscal fourth quarter.
In the next year, the company plans to open 10 stores, instead of the more than two dozen stores the company had planned to launch during fiscal 1995.
Total revenues increased by 48 percent during CompUSA's fourth quarter to $573.2 million from $387.5 million during the same time a year ago.
Gross profit margins, which historically have been thin at CompUSA, declined even further during the most recent quarter.
In the three months that ended June 25, CompUSA recorded a gross profit margin of 10.6 percent, compared with 13.6 percent during the same time a year before.
Also, Chrysler has no plans to run the commercials during ``Talk Soup'' or ``Later.'' ``We're not saying `This is Greg Kinnear,' '' Brust explained.
``We're saying `This is Eagle.' '' The television commercials will make their first appearance tonight during ``Late Show With David Letterman,'' then continue running on other programming new to Eagle like ``Melrose Place'' and ``Murphy Brown.'' The radio spots, with Kinnear's voice, will run on network and syndicated shows.
According to Competitive Media Reporting, which tracks ad spending, Chrysler spent almost $33.6 million nationally on Eagle during the 1993 calendar year, compared with $27.2 million in the 1992 calendar year.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS)  The families had been locked in a custody battle since Abequa killed his former wife in her Parsippany-Troy Hills apartment during the July 4 weekend.
The Dallas computer superstore retailer said it lost $16.8 million on revenues of $2.15 billion during the year ended June 25, compared with earnings of $12.3 million on revenues of $1.34 billion during the previous year.
The losses include a $13.9 million loss during the company's fiscal fourth quarter.
In the next year, the company plans to open 10 stores, instead of the more than two dozen stores the company had planned to launch during fiscal 1995.
Total revenues increased by 48 percent during CompUSA's fourth quarter to $573.2 million from $387.5 million during the same time a year ago.
Gross profit margins, which historically have been thin at CompUSA, declined even further during the most recent quarter.
In the three months that ended June 25, CompUSA recorded a gross profit margin of 10.6 percent, compared with 13.6 percent during the same time a year before.
They could impose their own boundaries immediately, call for a special session of the Texas Legislature, or let state lawmakers redraw the lines next year during their regular legislative session.
Henry Rice, a Crown Heights resident who appeared in June before the federal grand jury investigating Rosenbaum's slaying, has said he was repeatedly asked by Federal prosecutors whether he had any knowledge of any payment by Lewis to a witness named John Anderson to commit perjury during Nelson's 1992 murder trial.
``I'd led nine different orchestras by then,'' he said during a long, relaxed interview recently.
``I'd led nine different orchestras by then,'' he said during a long, relaxed interview recently.
``I'd led nine different orchestras by then,'' he said during a long, relaxed interview recently.
She took a job as a substitute teacher during the Depression, then in the mid-1930s became the Department of Parks director of recreation for Queens.
For the Dodgers' hierarchy, these visits aren't simply a means of passing time during the major-league players strike, which enters its seventh day today.
Although she pledged during the campaign to allow her daughter to become prime minister, she is said to have her eye on Wijetunga's job as president, for which a separate election is scheduled in November.
is doing its part.'' Strock announced the purchase plan during a news conference Wednesday at the Ecotrans, a natural gas vehicle conversion facility in downtown Los Angeles on land owned by Southern California Gas Co. Federal regulations require that the state begin buying alternative fueled vehicles for its own fleet in 1996 but at a slower rate than was announced Wednesday.
We don't want a one-dimensional guy.'' He still has to prove he can perform on a consistent basis during the regular season, something he didn't do with the Chiefs.
Chick is enduring one of the toughest layoffs since he began broadcasting Lakers games in 1961, and he doesn't know what to do with himself.
The Chiefs released several players because of their high salaries and asked several others to take pay cuts during that period.
I'd be the first to check if they won, but during the game, it just ate at me.'' Fien spent the summer taking classes and working out, trying to perfect a quicker, overhand release Toledo taught him during the spring.
It has been that way in the village of Toisan, in southern China, since Kim Lim was a boy waiting for his father to return from war while his family slowly starved to death during the Japanese occupation.
is doing its part.'' Strock announced the purchase plan during a news conference Wednesday at the Ecotrans, a natural gas vehicle conversion facility in downtown Los Angeles on land owned by Southern California Gas Co. Federal regulations require that the state begin buying alternative fueled vehicles for its own fleet in 1996 but at a slower rate than was announced Wednesday.
Mizerak's pool game didn't go through the growth process during adolescence.
Hot tips for chile dishes Here are more tips for entertaining during chile weather.
THE CHILE FACTOR: SAVORY WARMTH TO SEARING HEAT  (BC-SOUTHWEST-BUFFET-RECIPES-(2takes)-COX) Stimulus for our sizzling Southwestern buffet came from a class I took at the Santa Fe School of Cooking during a recent New Mexico vacation, plus the publication of several dazzling new cookbooks: ``Southwest: The Beautiful Cookbook'' by Barbara Pool Fenzl and Norman Kolpas (Collins Publishers, San Francisco, $45) and W.
The charming Jerry Herman score (``Put On Your Sunday Clothes'' is a pulse-quickening gem), is sung strongly enough and that great Gower Champion choreography is danced strongly enough that no one should get too bored during those few scenes without The Star.
``We continually search for large businesses with understandable, enduring and mouth-watering economics that are run by able and shareholder-oriented managements,'' Buffett wrote recently.
Certainly a secrecy that was excessive even during the Cold War is overwrought now.
Police began noticing Honduran dealers more than a year ago, Haggett said, but the number of juvenile dealers has increased during the past six months.
``People who did that during the Duvalier dictatorship were killed.
``A uterus can rupture during pregnancy or during labor, and it is more likely to rupture if you have a scar'' from a previous Caesarean, he said.
``I'm opening some old wounds here and I have mixed emotions about it, but if it helps someone else understand that it's only God's grace that can turn someone around like me, then that's why I'm doing it.'' Violence marked his life from the beginning: a dark, love-deficient childhood during which, Niland said, he experienced physical and sexual abuse.
``I'm opening some old wounds here and I have mixed emotions about it, but if it helps someone else understand that it's only God's grace that can turn someone around like me, then that's why I'm doing it.'' Violence marked his life from the beginning: a dark, love-deficient childhood during which, Niland said, he experienced physical and sexual abuse.
According to the Secret History of the Mongols, he fell from a horse during a hunt.
According to the Secret History of the Mongols, he fell from a horse during a hunt.
Niland has undergone court-ordered drug rehabilitation, counseling and therapy during his dark days, but his menu now is a Christian men's group that meets on Saturday mornings.
Niland has undergone court-ordered drug rehabilitation, counseling and therapy during his dark days, but his menu now is a Christian men's group that meets on Saturday mornings.
Four days of severe stress on corn from lack of moisture or temperature extremes during pollination can cut yields up to 50 percent, according to agronomists at Pioneer Hi-Bred International, the largest seed company.
COLE FINDS HARD TIME BALANCING TOURING, PRIVACY LOS ANGELES  (BC-PAULA-COLE-LADN) Singer-songwriter Paula Cole doesn't wear her emotions on her sleeve all the time, but she admits breaking into tears on stage two years ago during the first performance of a particularly personal new song.
Just ask National Football League stars Kevin Donnalley and Brad Hopkins of the Houston Oilers, who are in training at Trinity University and attracting big crowds during practice sessions and exhibition games at the Alamodome here.
Released during the heart of the cold war, two years after the Cuban missile crisis, ``Seven Days in May'' was steeped in the genuine tension of the age, when the threat of nuclear war was real, the potential for exploiting the nation's paranoia about the Communists was demonstrable and the idea that a president could be wildly unpopular for advocating a peace agreement with the Russians was wholly credible.
As are Willis' halfhearted efforts to convince us he's a shrink, a role he's about as persuasive at as he was as the Easter Bunny in ``North.'' March does quite a bit better as the young woman determined to play the perfect fantasy, and it must be said that Willis' most believable moments are during their nonverbal encounters.
Just ask National Football League stars Kevin Donnalley and Brad Hopkins of the Houston Oilers, who are in training at Trinity University and attracting big crowds during practice sessions and exhibition games at the Alamodome here.
``I was rewriting `Aftershocks' during the aftershocks, and it seemed the earthquake and the aftershocks had to be part of the play,'' he said.
The movie is narrated by Aki (Huang Gichi), a private whose dreams are literally haunted by a captain who has been shot during one of the games and who has left behind a notebook full of cryptic drawings.
The film comes closest to a lasting image of Zed's precarious state of mind during this episode as Avary intercuts erotic images of Zoe, a Pre-Raphaelite vision, with shots of ``Nosferatu'' on the hotel television screen.
The lively, interesting patrons know to make reservations days in advance to secure a table on Saturday nights during prime time.
	The object of these clashing views is prime, bomb-grade plutonium, produced during the Cold War by each side at enormous cost in money, health and environmental damage.
``Jeopardy.'' What drug (or drugs) was O.J. taking during the preliminary hearing?
Of this group, 11 percent thought information they revealed during treatment was improperly shared with their employer.
You sit on the bench and agonize over how the game is going.'' Ryan, who worked out for at least four hours a day during his baseball career, said he remains committed to his exercise routine, even if it is no longer quite as strenuous.
Priests ministering to the sick would offer general last rites during their afternoon calls so they wouldn't be awakened in the middle of the night.
	None of the six-man crew was injured during the perilous launching abort and all were evacuated safely less than an hour after the incident.
When short of cash during his travels, Morton went door to door selling Coca-Cola laced with salt as a miracle cure for tuberculosis.
The mysteries go far beyond the question of what Lieutenant Waldheim of the Wehrmacht knew or did when he was an intelligence officer in the Balkans during World War II.
After the war he lied about his war record, completely hiding his intelligence duty during the German massacres in the Balkans.
And it's known that somehow original records of a list of wanted war criminals on which his name appeared never surfaced during Western inquiries into Waldheim's past.
The bill requires release of information about people who, like Waldheim, are barred from entry into the U.S. for war crimes acts committed during World War II.
``I was telling Jeff about that game and he got all excited and he said, `Hey, that's great,'' recalled Frank Ramos, the Jets' publicist during both Woodstocks.
A mostly Christian people widely scattered since World War I, Armenians have looked to the church as a symbol of their nationality, especially during the era of official atheism in Soviet Armenia.
And even during production, rumors flew that the love scenes between stars Bruce Willis and Jane March went way beyond anything Hollywood had shown on screen.
I wasn't fooled by this device and, judging from the absence of gasps of disbelief during a key revelation at a recent preview, few others were either.
In the weeks that followed, during evenings after working on ``Sisters'' and on weekends, Lippman and Keyser plotted out the stories in the pilot script, which took longer than writing it.
The Giants picked him up as an unrestricted free agent from the Arizona Cardinals during the off season.
TWA PRESIDENT PREDICTS GROWTH FOR AIRLINE KANSAS CITY, Mo.  (BC-TWA-FUTURE-KAN) Embattled Trans World Airlines will grow into a bigger airline once it clinches new agreements with workers and creditors, the carrier's president and chief executive officer said during a visit to Kansas City on Wednesday.
TWA improved its operating results during the three months that ended June 30, but its net loss widened from the previous year.
Reno, who was a state attorney in South Florida during the 1980 boatlift, said federal and voluntary organizations were handling the recent surge of Cuban refugees ``and we do not believe that this current influx has been a burden yet on the community.'' Reno also noted that Florida is scheduled to receive $44 million this year under a federal program to provide targeted assistance to communities with a large proportion of refugees.
Bob Graham, D-Fla., who was governor during the 1980 crisis, said he disagreed with Reno's comment, but expected her to be an ally in getting the administration to accept responsibility for the current situation.
Reno, who was a state attorney in South Florida during the 1980 boatlift, said federal and voluntary organizations were handling the recent surge of Cuban refugees ``and we do not believe that this current influx has been a burden yet on the community.'' Reno also noted that Florida is scheduled to receive $44 million this year under a federal program to provide targeted assistance to communities with a large proportion of refugees.
Bob Graham, D-Fla., who was governor during the 1980 crisis, said he disagreed with Reno's comment, but expected her to be an ally in getting the administration to accept responsibility for the current situation.
FILM SHOWS NAZI FILMMAKER IN ALL HER GLORY - WARTS AND ALL  (BC-WONDERFUL-MOVIE-REVIEW-KAN) The world of cinema holds no more enduring or evasive enigma than Leni Riefenstahl, Hitler's favorite filmmaker and today, at age 92, one of the most active, fiercely intelligent and compelling individuals imaginable.
Reno, who was a state attorney in South Florida during the 1980 boatlift, said federal and voluntary organizations were handling the recent surge of Cuban refugees ``and we do not believe that this current influx has been a burden yet on the community.'' Reno also noted that Florida is scheduled to receive $44 million this year under a federal program to provide targeted assistance to communities with a large proportion of refugees.
Bob Graham, D-Fla., who was governor during the 1980 crisis, said he disagreed with Reno's comment, but expected her to be an ally in getting the administration to accept responsibility for the current situation.
Reno, who was a state attorney in South Florida during the 1980 boatlift, said federal and voluntary organizations were handling the recent surge of Cuban refugees ``and we do not believe that this current influx has been a burden yet on the community.'' Reno also noted that Florida is scheduled to receive $44 million this year under a federal program to provide targeted assistance to communities with a large proportion of refugees.
Bob Graham, D-Fla., who was governor during the 1980 crisis, said he disagreed with Reno's comment, but expected her to be an ally in getting the administration to accept responsibility for the current situation.
``It is, after all, a political convention,'' said Frank Greer, Clinton's chief media adviser during the 1992 campaign and an adviser to convention planners since 1984.
``Most Americans add to the political knowledge only twice in a campaign -- first, during the conventions and, second, during the debates,'' said Richard Noyes, the political studies director at the Center for Media and Public Affairs, a Washington research organization.
The percentage of homes where at least one person tuned in for any part of a national political convention hit an all-time high of 90 percent during that convention.
In the short term, Venezuela is enduring what is expected to be the worst economic performance of any South American country this year.
Mandela's aides say the complaint that has troubled him most during his first months is the charge that he is not in touch with the people who elected him.
``The game is not going to improve by playing music during the changeovers,'' said Stich, who uses the non-dulcet tones of Aerosmith's ``Crazy'' for his intro music.
That isn't something that the big crime bill, during its long roller coaster ride through Congress, has done.
The accord also recognizes that production costs typically decline for new companies during a break-in period; the U.S. is supposed to calculate a foreign company's costs at the end of the break-in period.
But French officials, despite pleading by other countries, say they have finished their mission to provide a security zone for people during the fiercest fighting.
Mundheim, who was the general counsel of the Treasury during the Carter administration.
``It was just a hobby,'' he said during a low-tech telephone interview.
But in a statement, Cuomo said his plan would be ``a cornerstone of my legislative program for my next term should I have the good fortune of continuing to serve this great state.'' In his announcement, he set a tax-cutting goal during several years of $1 billion to $1.5 billion and directed his staff to develop ``a multi-year blueprint'' to be released before Election Day.
Overall, statistics show that the entire tax burden, state and local, has remained relatively consistent during Cuomo's tenure.
Midnight basketball programs were started in Maryland in 1986 to provide local young men from 17- to 26-years-old an alternative to the streets during some of the peak crime hours of 10 p.m. to 1 a.m. The Chicago Housing Authority, which is financed by the federal government, started its league in 1989 with money from its general recreation fund to provide an alternative to the street gangs that have long haunted its buildings.
Previous statements of witnesses can be displayed during testimony, and videotaped evidence, like depositions, can also be shown.
The object of these clashing views is prime, weapons-grade plutonium, produced during the Cold War by each side at enormous cost in money, health, and environmental damage.
Baseball players have cited as their reason for striking their belief that the owners would unilaterally impose a salary cap during the off season.
Tisdale said that she had lived in the Chavis house in Baltimore during most of the time she worked for the NAACP.
Montana says it has been a ``little more exciting for everybody'' during training camp this year as refinements are added to the basics that went into it a year ago.
With only five months remaining in office, Garamendi is bitter about the constant legal battle with insurance companies during his four-year term.
Giuliani and union leaders hailed their initial agreement in March as an example of a spirit of cooperation like the effort that helped save the city from bankruptcy during its fiscal crisis of the 1970's.
Tisdale said that she had lived in the Chavis house in Baltimore during most of the time she worked for the NAACP.
 (BC-NY-HOLOCAUST-MEMORIAL-ART-2NDTAKE-NYT) More than one speaker at Thursday's ceremonial lease signing (the actual documents were executed on Tuesday) recalled the need for optimism and hope during the years that it has taken to reach this point.
In a separate charge, Pegram was also accused of avoiding $17,625 in losses in 1989 when he sold 20,000 Comptronix shares after learning during a board of directors meeting that the company's biggest customer, Connor Peripherals Inc., was going to significantly reduce its orders.
Ironically, the computer software introduces a 200-degree warmer limit just before liftoff, so engines can be powered up for higher-than-normal performance, if necessary, during the shuttle's ascent to orbit.
``But we didn't go all the way.'' WASHINGTON -- Tempers have flared on and off the floor during the last week, but when Sen.
(James Sterngold/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT8) NEW YORK -- August 18, 1994 -- BOX-ARTEMIEV, 8-18 -- Sergei Artemiev credits his son Peter, now 2-years-old, with helping him recover from the brain injury he suffered during a 1993 bout in Atlantic City.
(James Sterngold/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT8) NEW YORK -- August 18, 1994 -- BOX-ARTEMIEV, 8-18 -- Sergei Artemiev credits his son Peter, now 2-years-old, with helping him recover from the brain injury he suffered during a 1993 bout in Atlantic City.
(James Sterngold/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT8) NEW YORK -- August 18, 1994 -- BOX-ARTEMIEV, 8-18 -- Sergei Artemiev credits his son Peter, now 2-years-old, with helping him recover from the brain injury he suffered during a 1993 bout in Atlantic City.
(James Sterngold/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT8) NEW YORK -- August 18, 1994 -- BOX-ARTEMIEV, 8-18 -- Sergei Artemiev credits his son Peter, now 2-years-old, with helping him recover from the brain injury he suffered during a 1993 bout in Atlantic City.
The obstetrician and all 26 other health care workers who cared for the boy during his first two days of life had been trained in infection control.
Epidemiologists interviewed 30 of the 32 health-care workers who had contact with the boy during his second hospitalization.
Midnight basketball programs were started in Maryland in 1986 to provide local young men from 17- to 26-years-old an alternative to the streets during some of the peak crime hours of 10 p.m. to 1 a.m. The Chicago Housing Authority, which is financed by the federal government, started its league in 1989 with money from its general recreation fund to provide an alternative to the street gangs that have long haunted its buildings.
Why was it, in fact, the best gainer among restaurant stocks during the second quarter?
Why was it, in fact, the best gainer among restaurant stocks during the second quarter?
But in early 1993, Richards took a role in high-level diplomacy and served as an intermediary between Mexican President Carlos Salinas de Gortari and President-elect Bill Clinton during the implementation of the North American Free Trade Agreement.
After serving as a translator for Army intelligence during World War II, he received a bachelor's degree from the City University of New York.
In the motion, Douglas claims Fuhrman used the plural ``them'' in answering a question during Simpson's preliminary hearing about the bloody glove at the crime scene.
In Fuhrman's case, the defense wants access to: -- Any complaints lodged by citizens in the past five years of ``alleged prejudice or bias based on the complaintant's race, ethnicity, gender or sexual preference.'' -- Any allegations of falsifying official records, or presenting false or misleading statements during his LAPD employment.
TAILBACK WALTERS SIDELINED BY BRUISE LOS ANGELES  (BC-FBC-USCNOTES-LADN) Starting tailback Shawn Walters was carried off the practice field on a stretcher Thursday afternoon after taking a hit during live action.
``I don't think I ever left,'' he said after greeting his teammates during lunch.
Chong Woon Kim, 57, an interpreter in Los Angeles County courts since 1987, was taken into custody Tuesday while translating testimony during an unrelated criminal hearing in Van Nuys Municipal Court.
Prosecutors lost a rape charge during the preliminary hearing, but refiled it.
But at the Savona Diner, the owner, Laurie Elliott, whose irrepressible good humor has been sorely tested during the last year by bad feelings generated by hundreds of interviews held inside the diner, has posted a sign on the entrance door: ``No News Media.
``We need to learn better ways to be parents and teach children how to control their anger,'' she said during a coffee break at the Savona Diner.
Tunney had suggested a motive, during the trial and afterward.
The data show that toxic chemical accidents during the five-year period occurred nationally at the rate of about 19 a day or about 575 a month; in California at the rate of about 80 a month; and in Los Angeles County at the rate of about 20 a month.
Immigration has long been a source of friction between federal officials and Chiles, who was a U.S. senator during the Mariel boatlift.
It had been seven weeks since he last attempted a field goal, during which time safety Mike Salmon assumed the kicking.
This is an hour-long televised discussion show, called ``The Republican Neighborhood Meeting,'' during which a chatty but earnest Alexander explains his views, invites other Republicans to express theirs, and takes calls from people who tune in by cable or satellite from ``meeting sites'' around America.
This is an hour-long televised discussion show, called ``The Republican Neighborhood Meeting,'' during which a chatty but earnest Alexander explains his views, invites other Republicans to express theirs, and takes calls from people who tune in by cable or satellite from ``meeting sites'' around America.
``Anytime you go out and somebody handles you physically, it's a little of an embarrassment.'' San Diego was in such control during the first half that, in its four possessions and 36 offensive plays, the Chargers endured only five third-down plays.
3 publication, King's novel ``Insomnia'' is set in Derry, Maine, during a 1971 clash between abortion opponents and supporters.
If the rule becomes final, Florida's game commission will decide which option it prefers during an Oct.
``We get about 100 people a day during the summer,'' Smalley said.
 (BC-MINI-REVIEWS-(2ndtake)-COX) Barcelona PG-13 	Set in the Olympics city during the ``last decade of the Cold War,'' this is a romantic comedy with a socio-political context.
This extremely promising material -- about family clashes, summer crushes and more during a 1976 beach vacation -- has been directed by Matty Rich (``Straight Out of Brooklyn'') who doesn't have the maturity to explore the story's wonderful array of characters and contradictions.
Many of these have come at traditional manufacturing firms; indeed, this is the first recovery on record during which manufacturing employment has actually fallen.
All these things are signs of the ``new economy'' that Clinton and his team talked so much about during his presidential campaign.
This is an hour-long televised discussion show, called ``The Republican Neighborhood Meeting,'' during which a chatty but earnest Alexander explains his views, invites other Republicans to express theirs, and takes calls from people who tune in by cable or satellite from ``meeting sites'' around America.
This is an hour-long televised discussion show, called ``The Republican Neighborhood Meeting,'' during which a chatty but earnest Alexander explains his views, invites other Republicans to express theirs, and takes calls from people who tune in by cable or satellite from ``meeting sites'' around America.
From his home in Dallas, Woods said his Siberian venture grew out of friendships he formed in 1989 with visiting Russians during his last year at the University of Texas in Austin.
It centered around a unique violet-colored rare earth mineral called charoit, which had been recently discovered near Lake Baikal during the construction of the Baikal-to-Amur Railroad.
``My Texas background came into play during the audition,'' Matson said.
The Central Texas Area Museum on Salado's Main Street is open during November's Gathering of the Scottish Clans and by appointment.
Jordan said all he's trying to do ``is set a standard of conduct that people cannot go below.'' Bothered still by what he sees on San Francisco streets, he also hopes to crack down on people who lounge in the parks during the day and who panhandle drivers at intersections and freeway exits.
And you cannot panic in the face of plunging share prices, as many investors did during the crash of the junk bond market in 1990.
I don't do drugs and never did.'' Osmond said family and religion have given her life stability, preventing the emotional nosedives so many of her performer friends have experienced during lean times.
It was prepared by the distributor after a battle during which the Code and Rating Administration started muttering things like ``NC-17.'' As a result, you'll have to wait for Rush's own cut of the movie -- he calls it ``longer, denser, more erotic'' -- when the film becomes an unrated videotape.
Laredo Police Chief Jose Luis Martinez said customs and police officials will check the borders to prevent weapons imports into Mexico during the weekend and will be on alert for disturbances.
In announcing his new policy at a White House news conference, Clinton recalled in detail how Fidel Castro was allowed to ``export his political and economic problems'' to the United States during the Carter presidency.
Somewhere along the way, during their remarkable winning streak, the players completely lost touch with reality.
Somewhere along the way, during their remarkable winning streak, the players completely lost touch with reality.
Somewhere along the way, during their remarkable winning streak, the players completely lost touch with reality.
Unlike many ``football mothers,'' June Carlson says she no longer closes her eyes when beefy defensive players charge her son during a game.
Gingrich was later quoted saying that the GOP strategy for 1990 was essentially crafted during that retreat.
	The Fed's top interest-rate policy panel voted at its July meeting to allow Greenspan to raise rates at his discretion during the following weeks rather than wait for the next meeting of the group, according to minutes of the meeting released Friday.
As a result of injuries sustained during his wrestling career, Bonica himself had suffered occasional excruciating pain since the 1970s.
Over all, lawn and garden sales, of which vegetable gardening is a part, have been flat during the last three years, at about $22 billion annually, according to the association.
The average annual growth of 5.3 percent in retail sales during the 1980s dropped to 2.5 percent annually in the 1990s, until this year, Butterfield said.
Gardening sales at Ploch's were up 20 percent in April and May during the vegetable-buying peak, Pichieri said, and sales have been ``generally up'' ever since.
Business trips that Lewis made to Little Rock, Ark., during her investigation of Madison and Whitewater.
A tape recording that Lewis made in her office during a conversation earlier this year with a Washington-based RTC lawyer.
According to a transcript at the hearings, Breslaw preceded the remark by cautioning, ``If they (RTC officials) could say it honestly.'' Later in the conversation, Breslaw also said, ``I don't believe at all -- and I don't want to suggest at all -- that they want us to reach a certain conclusion.'' Ryan, the RTC acting chief, later told congressmen during the recent Whitewater hearings that he considered the secret taping ``reprehensible'' but had taken no disciplinary steps so as not to ``raise the specter of retribution.'' In a letter Tuesday, Rep.
Peter King said of the current RTC investigation: ``I am very concerned that this is a punitive action intended to silence not only these individuals, but all those who may have knowledge of criminal activity in the Madison Guaranty case.'' The New York Republican, a member of the House Banking Committee, aggressively questioned White House aides and Treasury officials during the hearings.
Initially, officials said the readings they accumulated during the final seconds of Endeavour's countdown did not suggest an obvious reason why the pump overheated.
Mayor Frank Jordan first got the idea for automated public toilets when he visited New York during the 1992 Democratic National Convention and tried one of Decaux's test toilets.
The toilets were an immediate hit: The small units were used about 120 times a day and the larger ones about six times daily during the four month test.
Dinkins during his faltering re-election bid.
``That would not be in the bill as we contemplate it at the moment,'' said Foley, D-Wash., even though he added that he considers the center ``a fine project.'' The center, designed to train people to staff correctional facilities near Beaumont, was slipped into the crime bill by Texas Democrat Jack Brooks, House Judiciary Committee chairman, during a House-Senate conference on the measure last month.
GOP ERRS IN CHARGE THAT CONFEREES ADDED PORK TO CRIME BILL WASHINGTON  (BC-CRIME-PORK-HNS) Republicans last week charged that Democrats had added a lot of pork -- wasteful spending for social programs -- to the anti-crime bill during the House-Senate conference committee trying to reconcile different versions of the bill.
This bill does not have more social workers than cops.'' However, House Republicans did accurately identify one new program inserted during the conference committee: The $10 million national criminal justice center at the Beaumont, Texas, campus of Lamar University, the alma mater of Rep.
But Sunday, the 34-year-old accountant will be among an estimated 70,000 citizens and 945 foreign visitors monitoring the polls during a presidential election that has seized the attention of a country hungry for democracy.
A United Nations official in charge of a team lending technical assistance to observer groups said last week that voter distrust was even greater here than during South Africa's recent elections.
That is what occurred in Michoacan state during 1992 gubernatorial elections, said Cynthia Anderson-Barker, a Los Angeles lawyer who published an article on Mexican voting in the International and Comparative Law Journal.
Beeston's Blue Jays, who stand to lose the most money in lost gate receipts during the strike, would rather be playing than holding out for a cap.
The United States stopped reprocessing nuclear materials for civilian use 17 years ago, during the Carter Administration, for fear that it would speed the spread of plutonium.
``New models would be better.'' Western officials fear that Ukraine sees Chernobyl as a bargaining chip, rather than a danger, and that it will stall as it did during negotiations over nuclear arms, or that it will take the West's money for safety improvements but keep Chernobyl open.
The central bank's top interest-rate policy panel voted at its July meeting to allow Greenspan to raise interest rates at his discretion during the following weeks rather than wait for the next meeting of the group, according to minutes of the meeting released Friday.
Consumer spending had slowed some and a large buildup in inventories developed during the second quarter, signaling a possible slowdown that might make a rate increase unnecessary.
A parade of more than 120 black limousines extended like a long exclamation mark on his role as the godfather of New York City's most enduring ethnic neighborhood.
All this week, Clinton has been avoiding the casual meetings with reporters, at photo sessions and the like, during which he used to toss off comments on the news of the day.
``They've been in on every one of my projects,'' explained Wu during an interview in his 64th-floor office overlooking Hong Kong and its boat-filled harbor.
It was clear, however, that what the administration sought most in its new policy was to alter the equation in which, during the last week alone, the all but certain promise of refuge in the United States tempted more than 2,000 Cubans to hazard the treacherous crossing.
-- Now, if only Fox had a clock during ``Models Inc.'' to show how much time until someone who can act is due to appear on screen.
-- It's not the baseball I miss so much because of the strike, it's the opportunity to stand and sing with 50,000 strangers during the seventh inning.
``We have no special need to keep a boat from leaving,'' Castro said during a rambling television news conference just hours after he was forced to personally intervene in the disturbances on the waterfront and call out rapid response brigades to disperse rioters.
The appeals court also criticized a trial prosecutor, Barry Kowalski, for remarks made during his closing arguments that ``went beyond the bounds of appropriate advocacy.'' Kowalski told the jury that ``everyone from Paris to Tokyo'' had seen the videotape of King's beating, causing ``horror and outrage.'' But because the remarks were brief, Judge Fletcher wrote, they did not affect the judgment of the jury.
Through the Beacon program, 37 schools like Junior High 45 offer health services, counseling, computer instruction and late-night weekend basketball and other sports to youngsters after school hours and during the summer.
Now, with the fervor of a convert, Giuliani has been pushing the program during the last week in New York Times Op-Ed pieces and television appearances.
The measure authorizes $630 million during the next five years to keep schools like Junior High 45 open after hours for tutoring, job training, sports and arts and crafts workshops.
They provide a positive influence in the lives of many children who may otherwise return to empty homes.'' The city estimates that 30,000 youngsters have participated in the program during the last two years.
The city, which spends $18 million annually on the program, stands to attract $30 million in financing from the bill for Beacon schools during five years.
Kendrick Burton, a left defensive tackle for the University of Alabama football team, takes a long drink of water during Friday morning's practice.
Kendrick Burton, a left defensive tackle for the University of Alabama football team, takes a long drink of water during Friday morning's practice.
Kendrick Burton, a left defensive tackle for the University of Alabama football team, takes a long drink of water during Friday morning's practice.
Kendrick Burton, a left defensive tackle for the University of Alabama football team, takes a long drink of water during Friday morning's practice.
The mystery blobs, half the size of rice grains, have appeared twice during rainfall at the home of Sunny Barclift near the town of Oakville.
The school ruled that Massimino's use of the statement, ``C'mon, papa needs a new pair of high tops!'' during negotiations did not constitute a binding agreement.
I'm lucky enough to be able to focus my attention on being a mother because I have a lot of experience playing volleyball.'' The toughest time for O'Hara is during the first half of the season, when the events are outside of Southern California.
The latter conclusion is more likely because rushing Wright into action would be a departure from the Raiders' practice of being cautious with injuries during the exhibition season.
Four players, including running back Daron Washington, suffered concussions during a short scrimmage at the end of practice Thursday.
The main one is immunity against being replaced during a strike.
But the Bridgestone-Firestone Corp., the biggest of the four struck tire companies, has begun to recruit people to work during the strike.
Similarly, the International Ladies Garment Workers Union, during a strike against the Leslie Fay Companies, manufacturers of women's wear, hassled customers in stores that carry this clothing.
And anecdotal evidence suggests that C-Span, which does not get ratings, attracts the largest number of viewers during its early morning call-in show.
Although he described himself as ``optimistic,'' he went on to say: ``I am forced, as I think about what has happened in the world during my lifetime and as I observe governments in their processes of making decisions, to conclude that the coming century is probably going to be one in which the amount of suffering reaches its maximum.'' ``Unless we are wiser than we have shown ourselves to be in the past,'' he added, ``we chemists and we citizens, we advisers of government and we government officials, there will will be a catastrophe during the coming century, perhaps a series of catastrophes.
The worst time is September and October, but it can happen any time.'' The arson watchers leap into service during such fire-prone holidays as the Fourth of July and anytime that televisions start airing footage of raging fires, however distant from Los Angeles.
Although he also patrols for arsonists, he more often monitors radio communications with arson watchers -- thanks to skills he used during his 35 years with GTE's construction crews.
Once school begins, parents should remain upbeat during the first few days of school.
Here is a sampling: -- One hundred eight episodes of the hourlong detective drama were broadcast during five seasons from Sept.
-- Hundreds of actresses auditioned for the lead roles during the course of the series.
-- Impressed by her new-found fame, Fawcett left the series to pursue a feature-film career, which prompted a run of lawsuits that ended when she reluctantly agreed to make a series of guest appearances on the show during the following three seasons.
The worst time is September and October, but it can happen any time.'' The arson watchers leap into service during such fire-prone holidays as the Fourth of July and anytime that televisions start airing footage of raging fires, however distant from Los Angeles.
Although he also patrols for arsonists, he more often monitors radio communications with arson watchers -- thanks to skills he used during his 35 years with GTE's construction crews.
Miringoff has long believed that the governor's approval ratings were inflated during the late 1980s and early 1990s by his national prominence.
Clinton Hopes a Compromise Will Save the Crime Bill When Republicans pushed crime legislation during the Watergate scandal 20 years ago, nightclub comics had a field day: ``Richard Nixon took crime off the streets and put it in the White House.'' Now Bill Clinton is pushing a crime bill amid the jetsam of Whitewater, and for comics, at least, the lure of recycling bad jokes is already too great.
Although Clinton did not commit to releasing emergency immigration money to Florida during Friday night's meeting, Chiles said, ``I feel they will be forthcoming.'' Florida could receive up to $35 million to help local communities defray the cost of dealing with the emergency.
``My brother-in-law called and said Thousand Oaks had a team in it.'' Anderson lives in Thousand Oaks, Calif., during the off season.
Belcher, who became a veteran of labor negotiations during the 1990 lockout, is one of seven advisers to the negotiating subcommittee of the players' executive board.
Nothing prevents a club from making a roster move during a strike, and Trachsel and Converse had options remaining.
McMahon, the superintendent of the New York state police, who had dispatched 600 troopers to keep order on highways and nearby towns during the concert.
Schmidbauer said he expected to meet President Boris Yeltsin during his visit.
Many of the region's aging residents were lured there during the glory days of Communism with promises of extra pay, fancy vacations, subsidized food and a guaranteed pension after 15 years of work.
Even now, Yakutsk has the look of a boom town during the California Gold Rush.
They work for the Yankees; they are instrumental in making the decisions that have molded the team with the best record in the American League, and they are scrambling to stay busy and stay sane during the player strike.
``No,'' Connors answered, ``I'm the pitching coach.'' She then extends her baseball and pen to Showalter, who signs one of the few dozen autographs he is asked for during the evening.
With the hometown fans disputing the terrible call and the hometown manager about to be ejected, Showalter playfully mouths, ``It was a fair ball,'' and smiles a rare smile during a game because it is one argument that he is not immersed in.
This new generation of farmers now own or manage most of the farm acreage here, he said, a fact that bodes well for a business that was in decline locally during the 1980's.
That is not the case with Yang, who still seems seems spry at 87 and who cut a powerful figure during his years as President and second in command of China's military forces.
 (BC-FBN-NOTEBOOK-NYT) The Deion Sanders road show is taking on the same trappings as the Reggie White Magical Mystery tour during the free agency signing period in 1993.
Another member of management said he has heard no dissident voices during telephone conference calls.
About 200 nurses have been laid off in New York during the last year, union officials said; a fraction of the number terminated in California, where some hospitals are discussing removing nurses from the bedside altogether, retaining only nurse supervisors.
Amanda Jeffries, an emergency room nurse at Beth Israel Hospital in Manhattan, says she works 12-hour shifts, from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m., often works overtime until 10 p.m., and then must find time to study and attend classes toward a bachelor's degree during her off hours.
``So much is placed on employers, you can't keep saying that they have to pay.'' With one in five New York hospitals likely to close during a major industry reorganization expected during the next five years, nurses say they are increasingly worried about job security.
THIRD-STRING STATUS KEEPS BLAKE HANGING EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J.  (BC-FBN-JETS-NYT) Once, a young New York Jet whose job was iffy could guarantee another week in town by having a great game against the New York Giants during the exhibition season.
She is especially fit because she runs an hour every morning, so if she looks stressed during a workout, Schubert may tell her to get out of the pool and go shopping.
Police said the most welcome news during the week was that the victim in the Burger King shooting, Kathryn A.
Many of the region's aging residents were lured there during the glory days of Communism with promises of extra pay, fancy vacations, subsidized food and a guaranteed pension after 15 years of work.
Even now, Yakutsk has the look of a boom town during the California Gold Rush.
But the most enduring impact of any readjusted count, while it would be years away, may well be the expected gain in representation for cities -- and for an urban agenda -- as each state redraws its congressional and legislative district lines.
Under questioning by her lawyer, university officials acknowledged during the trial that had Ms. Hopwood and the other plaintiffs been black, they would ``in all probability'' have been admitted.
The family had become separated during the week of walking, and Mrs.
For the way he questioned administration officials during impeachment hearings on President Richard M.
El-Gabrowny, who was arrested during the investigation of the World Trade Center bombing and charged with having assaulted an investigator.
The government objected, arguing before the court that some of the defendants could come into conflict with each other during the trial, and therefore they needed to be represented by lawyers whose obligations were only to one person.
It's a thing between me and him,'' Stich said of the compatriot who spent this year's entire Wimbledon campaign disputing accusations of gamesmanship -- which included an illegal mid-match back-cracking session during a bathroom break -- by a steady stream of defeated opponents.
But Sipos actually experienced eternity during the MoonBat Trans-America Footrace.
The bonds that formed during this challenge transcended victory.
The reports indicate that Pope gave directives to the deputies on duty, and he is quoted as telling one of the deputies that ``they are making a commercial for George Bush for governor; he and the sheriff are from the same Republican Party.'' The Sheriff's Department civil service rules state, ``Tarrant County employees shall not be allowed to perform or be involved in political services, campaigning or related activities during their normal working hours or while directly on the payroll at the specific time such other activities are being performed.'' A code of conduct in a new personnel manual approved by Williams in June and distributed to employees July 27 -- eight days after the filming -- also prohibits employees from engaging in political activity.
Young Andre became enraged during his match Tuesday at the Volvo International tennis tournament in New Haven, Conn.
He was upset by Jan Siemerink, but was more upset by what occurred during changeovers.
In an apparent effort to transform the sport of tennis from a dignified and honorable pursuit into a tawdry and obnoxious sideshow for brain-damaged cretins who make Beavis and Butthead look like Nobel laureates, the ATP has decided to play music during matches.
By the mere fact that the people who run this sport have so little faith in their product that they think the way to revive interest is to blast music during matches so people can sit and tap their feet instead of walking out is testimony to the desperation they must feel and the misguided approaches they'll take to correct the situation.
Playing music during changeovers is tennis' version of the Frisbee-catching dog, or the rodeo clown, or the halftime acrobats, or the beach ball bouncing around the stands.
Houston-based agent Randy Hendricks served as a go-between during the 1990 lockout when the owners and players appeared entrenched in their respective situations.
``I believe that during pressure-filled times in labor negotiations, it is the natural inclination of each side to seek out the `peaceniks' on the other side to help broker a deal,'' said Hendricks, who wrote ``Inside the Strike Zone,'' a history of baseball's labor problems.
Several owners have done that just to acquire their franchises in the past few years, and the high interest payments aren't going away during the strike.
The team also has two dogs, believed to be Labrador-chow mixes, that are led around during the game donned in Wildcatter T-shirts and caps.
He gets little business from foul-ball breakage, but he does get a plug over the public-address system during every game.
A semi-regular one is a local hair stylist giving $5 haircuts during the game.
Concession stand workers stop serving and remove their hats during the national anthem.
``Right now,'' he said, ``all I'm worried about is the little pain I do have in my back.'' Add tailbacks: Former Alemany High School back Terry Barnum stayed out of Saturday's scrimmage, finally resting from a concussion he received during Wednesday's practice.
We plan to keep the museum open to the public during the entire process.'' 
About 10 a.m. on Saturday, during a door-to-door search at the 135th Street building, officers interviewed a man in a fourth-floor apartment that, otherwise, appeared to be unoccupied.
He added nine catches for 186 yards and two TDs during the three playoff games.
Asked if he was leveling charges of racism, Pinkney said, ``Maybe somebody can figure that out.'' He identified ``some alums, the media and the public'' as groups with whom he has grown disenchanted during his time in Texas.
The same goes for Mike.'' Pinkney said yesterday's interview session during the SWC media tour would be the last of his college career because, ``A lot of these guys (media) haven't been fair to me.'' ``Nothing's been written about the positive things I've done.
As Northridge prepares to open play Monday in the World Series, here are some insights, observations and lessons learned during the team's unstoppable march through the West Regional this past week in San Bernardino: While staying in the team barracks, players got to test their competitive spirit in Ping-Pong.
But the most impressive aspect of Akins' performance, in Mackovic's estimation, has been his mobility during scrimmage situations.
``The key is getting our quarterbacks throwing to the people they'll be working with during the season.
Nine players have bench-pressed more than 400 pounds and seven have squat-lifted more than 500 during fall testing.
$24.) The inner workings of the White House during the first year of the Clinton administration.
Before the law took effect, grandparents could legally ask for visitation only during a divorce proceeding, said Andrea Rosa-Tedla, legislative counsel to Sen.
Before the law took effect, grandparents could legally ask for visitation only during a divorce proceeding, said Andrea Rosa-Tedla, legislative counsel to Sen.
If interest rates rise, a depositor can adjust once during the term.
Nike Wagner, Wieland's daughter, calls the Wagners ``an Atreus clan,'' a ``many-headed, thousand-footed monster that ponderously rolls through the corridor of generations.'' The current patriarch, Wolfgang, in his new autobiography, attacks every member of his family including his children and continues to blame his sister, who was ardently anti-Nazi, for being disloyal to Germany during the war.
The former vice president, Alexander Rutskoi, who was in jail during the December election for leading the old Parliament's revolt, is pardoned and on the campaign trail, likely to dilute the nationalist vote in the 1996 elections.
In the first quarter, before O.J. Simpson came along to give the channel a lift, CNN's average prime-time audience had fallen to about 500,000 households, according to Nielsen Media Research, down from about 693,000 during the comparable period last year.
For the month of July, CNN even posted a ratings gain; for one half-hour on July 6, in fact, during Simpson's much-watched preliminary hearing, CNN attracted more than 5.5 million viewers.
But CNN's ratings almost certainly would have been even higher during the hearing were it not for the fact that the broadcast networks were also showing it live.
For a premium, CNN advertisers can have their commercials run during periods of ``hot'' news.
 (BC-CNN-SUCCESS-MEDIA-2NDTAKE-NYT) CNN, which was dubbed the Chicken Noodle Network during its low-budget beginnings in 1980, came of age a decade later with its coverage of the Persian Gulf war.
How can a team have talent at the quarterback, receiver, running back and tight end positions and still manage to have a three-week stretch during which they didn't score a single touchdown in a game?
The former Jets' coach, Bruce Coslet, was his own offensive coordinator during his four-year tenure.
Nike Wagner, Wieland's daughter, calls the Wagners ``an Atreus clan,'' a ``many-headed, thousand-footed monster that ponderously rolls through the corridor of generations.'' The current patriarch, Wolfgang, in his new autobiography, attacks every member of his family including his children and continues to blame his sister, who was ardently anti-Nazi, for being disloyal to Germany during the war.
The election came during a tumultuous year that began with a still-simmering New Year's Day uprising by Mayan guerrillas in southern Mexico and witnessed the assassination of the front-running presidential candidate in March.
Some hospitals have already been forced to throw out crucial medical supplies that became ruined during long power blackouts, unable to use their generators because the fuel was held back.
A leading figure in Republican legal circles, Starr, 48, must decide whether Democrats, including Clinton, broke any laws during the events that stemmed from the investigation of an Arkansas savings and loan institution.
But his friends offered other rationales, ranging from his resentment of Cuomo's attacks on him during his 1992 campaign to his interest in creating a Republican power base for the 1996 Presidential race.
The relationship deteriorated during D'Amato's 1992 campaign against Abrams.
The year began with Cuomo and D'Amato fighting for a common microphone and cutting off each other's sentences during a joint appearance.
Then Cuomo's lieutenant governor, Stan Lundine, said at the state Democratic convention that D'Amato's ethical problems made him ``more suited for `America's Most Wanted' than for the United States Senate.'' Shortly before the election, Cuomo accused D'Amato of being ``part of the Republican gang that pillaged and ransacked the state.'' By June of last year, D'Amato was poking his finger into Lundine's chest and shouting obscenities at him during a rally in Plattsburgh.
The House is usually more partisan than the Senate, but even there the recent struggle over health care has turned bitter at times with Republicans conducting a barely disguised filibuster during the first two weeks of debate.
Dick Armey of Texas, the head of the Republican conference, told them during a recent debate over the crime bill, ``Your president is just not that important to us.'' There are deeper trends behind the partisanship in the House, which are related to 40 straight years of Democratic control.
The concept of ``congestion pricing'' is as old as the idea of paying more for telephones during business hours, for tourist accommodation in peak holiday seasons or for movie tickets on Saturday night.
Local people say the rise of the PAN has led to sharp divisions among neighbors, co-workers, even family members like the mother and daughter who took opposing sides during the City Hall blockade and were seen shouting at each other.
A Los Angeles-based firm that specializes in technology that brings computers and video into the courtroom will loan up to $150,000 in equipment for use during the O.J. Simpson murder trial.
``It allows the jury to follow in detail the evidence as the witness is testifying.'' Superior Court Judge Lance Ito, who observed the system in place in Trammell's courtroom, will permit its use during the Simpson trial, though he is not requiring either side to use it.
``No public money has been spent on this system,'' Trammell told reporters Friday during a demonstration of the system.
Documents being considered by the witness during his deposition can be juxtaposed on the screen.
The system also permits the ``real time'' English translation of the court stenographer's notes to be accessed by computer during the testimony.
But Gibson said Chavis was removed because of ``an accumulation of things'' that occurred during his tenure.
In the end, during the board meeting that started Saturday afternoon and continued into the night, Chavis' support completely collapsed.
He said the organization is going through ``a risky period but there's a need for the NAACP.'' He added, ``I would hope people would rally around it.'' Chavis, who had been the NAACP executive director for 16 months, was ousted during the weekend amid a growing furor within the organization over his out-of-court settlement with a former employee, Mary Stansel, who had threatened to file a lawsuit accusing him of sexual harassment and sex discrimination.
At least 6,000 visitors came again Sunday, and by then the chamber was in full swing as members debated the bill that had been hammered out during the marathon negotiations.
Petrochemical-based indigo dyes were reformulated during the oil crisis of the 1970s, and Levi Strauss changed fabrics in the 1980s, when it switched from hand cutting of fabric to jigsaw cutting to improve efficiencies.
Among them were fast-food companies looking for hungry people who would be out and about over the weekend and automakers who knew that more people drift into dealer showrooms on Saturday afternoons than during the week.
The fate of a typical new film is determined during its first weekend in release: Movies that open strongly tend to stay in theaters and pull in more and more profits.
Though the studios have begun to spread out their prime-time ad buying throughout the week -- and, especially since David Letterman arrived at CBS, during the late-night hours -- Thursday evening remains the centerpiece of movie marketing.
Baca tried to hold off from starting Dunlap for as long as possible during last week's West Regional in San Bernardino, Calif., waiting until the fourth game of the tournament.
Most men who wear condoms during attacks are repeat rapists, she said, and they may derive a thrill from the use of another prop.
If, during an administrative proceeding, residents can prove that the area is saturated with such homes or identify a better home site elsewhere, the state will scrap its plans for the proposed site.
He also outlines a plan to give local districts more control over maintenance, testing, bilingual and special education during the next five years.
Moderate Republicans pushed the measure over the top by engineering a compromise that kept negotiators involved in round-the-clock negotiations during much of the weekend, leading to the rare Sunday vote.
On a stormy Sunday afternoon in Washington, during a time when the House had been scheduled to be on recess, members spent more than 7 hours debating the measure.
Clinton crossed his fingers when asked during his morning jog yesterday about the prospects for House passage of the compromise anti-crime package.
MAN SLAIN, ANOTHER STABBED AT CHURCH PARTY NEW YORK  (BC-NY-CHURCH-VIOLENCE-NYT) One man was killed and another seriously wounded early Sunday morning during a large party in the basement of a Roman Catholic church on the West Side of Manhattan, police said.
He was shot in the chest during festivities in the auditorium of St. Paul the Apostle Church, possibly in a dispute that broke out over a disk jockey contest, said Detective Mary Ann Mullin, police department spokeswoman.
The election came during a tumultuous year that began with a stil-simmering New Year's Day uprising by Mayan guerrillas in southern Mexico and witnessed the assassination of the front-running presidential candidate in March.
The election came during a tumultuous year that began with a stil-simmering New Year's Day uprising by Mayan guerrillas in southern Mexico and witnessed the assassination of the front-running presidential candidate in March.
A laboratory accident during that research resulted in two scientists' becoming infected with Lassa fever, and one died.
He served in the Army during World War II and again in the Korean War, attaining the rank of major.
``He has refused to answer questions ..., including whether he visited a bank during his most recent trip to Switzerland and whether he holds a Swiss bank account,'' Credit Lyonnais attorneys complained in a May 25 motion.
``He has refused to answer questions ..., including whether he visited a bank during his most recent trip to Switzerland and whether he holds a Swiss bank account,'' Credit Lyonnais attorneys complained in a May 25 motion.
The election came during a tumultuous year that began with a still-simmering New Year's Day uprising by Mayan guerrillas in southern Mexico and witnessed the assassination of the front-running presidential candidate in March.
The election came during a tumultuous year that began with a still-simmering New Year's Day uprising by Mayan guerrillas in southern Mexico and witnessed the assassination of the front-running presidential candidate in March.
COWBOYS' SMITH SHOWS HE'S STILL IN MVP FORM IRVING, Texas  (BC-FBN-COWBOYS-SMITH-TEX) Emmitt Smith put to rest any doubts last night about the shoulder surgery he had during the off-season.
BRIEFLY What do baseball players do during a strike?
Petrochemical-based indigo dyes were reformulated during the oil crisis of the 1970s, and Levi Strauss changed fabrics in the 1980s, when it switched from hand cutting of fabric to jigsaw cutting to improve efficiencies.
In the first quarter, before O.J. Simpson came along to give the channel a lift, CNN's average prime-time audience had fallen to about 500,000 households, according to Nielsen Media Research, down from about 693,000 during the comparable period last year.
For the month of July, CNN even posted a ratings gain; for one half-hour on July 6, in fact, during Simpson's much-watched preliminary hearing, CNN attracted more than 5.5 million viewers.
But CNN's ratings almost certainly would have been even higher during the hearing were it not for the fact that the broadcast networks were also showing it live.
For a premium, CNN advertisers can have their commercials run during periods of ``hot'' news.
 (BC-CNN-SUCCESS-MEDIA-2NDTAKE-NYT) CNN, which was dubbed the Chicken Noodle Network during its low-budget beginnings in 1980, came of age a decade later with its coverage of the Persian Gulf war.
$24.) The inner workings of the White House during the first year of the Clinton administration.
The main one is immunity against being replaced during a strike.
But the Bridgestone-Firestone Corp., the biggest of the four struck tire companies, has begun to recruit people to work during the strike.
Similarly, the International Ladies Garment Workers Union, during a strike against the Leslie Fay Companies, manufacturers of women's wear, hassled customers in stores that carry this clothing.
While Price was enduring the worst of his pain and fear, he tells us he prayed for a book like this one, but found nothing ``more useful than crackpot guides to healing or death, impossibly complex starvation diets, alfalfa pills and karmic tune-ups .
And anecdotal evidence suggests that C-Span, which does not get ratings, attracts the largest number of viewers during its early morning call-in show.
Miringoff has long believed that the governor's approval ratings were inflated during the late 1980s and early 1990s by his national prominence.
STAND FIRM AGAINST RELIGIOUS TYRANNY  (BC-DENTON-COLUMN-TEX) Imagine Thomas Jefferson channel-flipping during a respite from his philosophical musings in the library of his mansion at Monticello and tuning in to the telecast from the Lynchburg studio-cathedral of his Virginia neighbor, the Rev.
This is an hour-long televised discussion show, called ``The Republican Neighborhood Meeting,'' during which a chatty but earnest Alexander explains his views, invites other Republicans to express theirs, and takes calls from people who tune in by cable or satellite from ``meeting sites'' around America.
This is an hour-long televised discussion show, called ``The Republican Neighborhood Meeting,'' during which a chatty but earnest Alexander explains his views, invites other Republicans to express theirs, and takes calls from people who tune in by cable or satellite from ``meeting sites'' around America.
Sometime during the day, someone said something about a radio report of Roger Altman's resignation, but if anyone remembered exactly why we should care about that news, no one said anything about it.
Other routes are marked by the Chamber of Commerce during bluebonnet and Indian blanket season.
``If that's the case, if that's the evidence, I can understand why districts might choose to opt out of no-pass, no-play,'' Bush said Friday during a stop at South Side High School.
The effects were associated with what the mothers ate during a lifetime rather than just during pregnancy.
For Los Angeles, which has been hit particularly hard by the recession, Brown will stress the tough economic times during the Wilson years.
The key to all this is a campaign that reminds Californians that Wilson has been governor during these relatively unhappy times and paints an image of Brown as a fresh alternative, Reilly said.
BOOK: REAGAN SOUGHT LOWER OIL PRICES TO UNDERMINE SOVIETS MIDLAND, Texas  (BC-OIL-RUSSIA-HNS) Donald Hodel, former energy secretary under President Reagan, has called for a congressional investigation into alleged CIA manipulation of oil prices during the Reagan years.
The economies of Texas and other oil-producing states, were crippled, and this helped trigger the failure of hundreds of savings and loans during the 1980s.
This is a group of people who were sacrificed in a global cause for freedom, and their story until now has never been told.'' Hodel, now co-chairman of a Houston-based energy group, said he also thought ``support reparations'' were in order for the oil industry, perhaps in the form of tax incentives and a loosening of ``over-stringent environmental regulations.'' For more than a decade, rumors persisted in the oil industry that Reagan had engineered the low oil prices that prevailed during his administration, and that they were somehow part of a larger agenda.
Schweitzer's vivid account of how Reagan used CIA Chief Casey to engineer the collapse of oil prices clicks with Ed Thompson, who was executive director of the Permian Basin Petroleum Association during the Reagan years.
	``We cannot bring those murdered back from the dead, but destroyed Synagogues can be rebuilt.'' said Israel's Chief Rabbi, Israel Meir Lau, during a service at a recently reconstructed Synagogue here.
He points out that legislation has already been introduced into both the House and Senate calling for baseball's antitrust exemption to be stripped during any period in which the clubs impose a salary cap.
Lambert, who spent two years at the Fort Smith, Ark., school before enrolling at Baylor last fall, has told SWC investigators he received a term paper during the 1993 spring semester from Troy Drummond, then a coach at the junior college.
A team from Atlanta's Carter Center said the vote appeared to be orderly but acknowledged that the PRI held a strong advantage during the campaign.
A team from Atlanta's Carter Center said the vote appeared to be orderly but acknowledged that the PRI held a strong advantage during the campaign.
 (BC-PEOPLE-BRIEFS-NYT) Students at some 25 New York City public schools can look forward to personal appearances by Midori, one of the world's foremost violinists, during the coming school year.
``As we saw during the campaign, he has a 10-point program for everything.
As David Meggett streaked up the sideline Saturday during a game against the Jets, linebacker Marvin Jones followed him.
But because Stump Merrill managed the Yankees during those dreary and dormant days in the Bronx three seasons ago, he is remembered chiefly for chronic losing.
When Buck Showalter, who replaced Merrill, and Gene Michael, who fired him, scouted Columbus for five days last week during this strike-interrupted season, Merrill was beset by flashbacks.
``Look at what was there in '91 and what is there today and where the guys are that were there in '91 and that tells you that 71-91 was a pretty good season for a club that was short in a lot of areas.'' One of the enduring memories of Merrill's final weeks was the constant speculation about his imminent demise.
Cornell often sang every verse of it during nocturnal gatherings of religion writers.
Along the way, he was an entertaining friend and helper during the stress and strain of covering daily news.
And when the work was over, George was at his eloquent best during midnight dinners of reporters which often turned into philosophical discussions.
'' It's a surprising anger to be found in someone more noted for helping earthquake victims in Oakland in the 1989 post-season and feeding the homeless in Canada during the 1993 post-season.
There was some speculation the wheat market was overbought during Friday's trade.
Co-pilot Max Evans, who, like Cox, flew combat helicopters during the Vietnam War and is a veteran Skycrane pilot, said the installation was relatively routine.
``I feel half like Schindler and half like a sheep herder.'' Sometime during late afternoon, a frail 4-year-old boy was shoved by a Zairian soldier onto the span, where he stood bewildered for nearly half an hour.
The new camp lacks water and officials fear that it will turn into a quagmire during the heavy rains that have started to pelt the area daily.
An attack during the conference could derail the government's campaign to put its vital tourist industry on track and prove to the world that Egypt is still a safe place to visit.
He said that during the second quarter the output of the economy, as measured by real gross domestic product, increased at a 3.7 percent annual rate.
In 1983, he took over as editor in chief of Vanity Fair during the magazine's most turbulent period.
Sensing an opportunity to bring a brand name to a business traditionally given over to independent repair shops, Radio Shack's parent, Tandy Corp., has during the last several months quietly branched out into the business of fixing out-of-warranty consumer electronics.
It added, ``Most firefighters were unaware of or disregarded how intensely Gambel Oak and pinyon-juniper fuel types burn during extremely dry and windy conditions.'' One firefighter who survived the blaze, Quentin Rhoades, a 28-year-old from Missoula, Mont., told The Denver Post afterward, ``Because we were Smokejumpers and Hot Shots, we thought we could push that edge.'' The report said the findings will be reviewed by a team from the Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service that will recommend ways to avoid similar accidents.
The fact that a small-market club needs a change, does that make them a hawk?'' Selig noted that four members of the group -- McMorris, Harrington, Beeston and Meyer -- were part of the caucus of high-revenue clubs during the owners' battle over a new revenue-sharing plan.
But even though film attendance is not setting the series of records it was a few weeks ago, certain films and studios reached benchmarks during the weekend.
And on ``Lion's,'' um, coattails, Disney's distribution arm, Buena Vista, registered a total summer season gross of $400 million during the weekend, the highest any distributor ever has enjoyed.
Running close behind ``Gump's'' $11.2 million, the Harrision Ford thriller ``Clear and Present Danger'' made $11 million during the weekend and has a total gross of $73 million.
``We wanted a kind of country dwelling,'' Green said Monday afternoon as he shuttled cheeseburgers from the outdoor grill to the big country dining room where a dozen curious visitors accustomed to grilling Green the manager had gathered to find out how Green the farmer was faring during the strike and, not coincidentally, to get a taste of country cooking while they were at it.
In doing so, Giuliani is reversing initiatives that have become a staple of New York City government, particularly during the administration of Mayor David Dinkins, his predecessor.
Officials cite the impact of a vigorous recruiting effort of entry-level lawyers in the corporation counsel's office during the Dinkins administration, which led to the number of minorities jumping from an average of 10 percent in the last two years of the administration of Mayor Edward I.
Chavis remains unrepentant; at a Brooklyn rally last week he referred to the largest deficit in NAACP history as ``chump change.'' Despite Chavis' claims to the contrary, internal documents indicate that membership declined during his tenure.
After being courted by several Southern California cities during the past year including Palmdale and Long Beach, Packard Bell said it expects to move to a closed Army depot in Sacramento.
But Peter Neufeld, a lawyer for Simpson, suggested during his examination of police department officials in court Monday that blood samples found at a crime scene deteriorated after a time and were no longer fit for DNA testing.
The filing of the prosecution papers followed charges by Simpson's defense team that the district attorney's office had failed, among other things, to disclose the amount of DNA available for testing and that samples may have been mishandled during collection rendering them useless.
``Natural Born Killers'' is about a young couple, played by Woody Harrelson and Juliette Lewis (reprising a similar role in ``Kalifornia'') who blow away 45 or so people in one of those coldblooded badlands murder sprees, becoming huge media celebrities during the course of it.
Those who felt the economic picture had improved during the last six years of the administration of President Carlos Salinas de Gortari voted overwhelmingly for Zedillo, one of the architects of Mexico's economic modernization.
``The first time we came it was 100 degrees and we left during the 14th inning,'' Kane said.
``The first time we came it was 100 degrees and we left during the 14th inning,'' Kane said.
``In that sense we have won.'' Analysts said the PRI victory showed the enduring power of the political machine that has run Mexico since 1929.
He was a receiver before that -- for two years at Navy and during his redshirt and junior seasons at Penn State.
Simpson sat impassively during much of the daylong hearing before Superior Court Judge Lance Ito.
The modifications, planned before the case, were moved up to reduce overtime spent guarding Simpson during such meetings, officials said.
Chavis remains unrepentant; at a Brooklyn rally last week he referred to the largest deficit in NAACP history as ``chump change.'' Despite Chavis' claims to the contrary, internal documents indicate that membership declined during his tenure.
The only person to die of valley fever during the outbreak was a Simi Valley man.
Those who felt the economic picture had improved during the last six years of the administration of President Carlos Salinas de Gortari voted overwhelmingly for Zedillo, one of the architects of Mexico's economic modernization.
He has an interest to come back.'' Tisdale, a nine-year veteran, impressed Clippers general manager Elgin Baylor during their face-to-face talks.
The modifications, planned before the case, were moved up to reduce overtime spent guarding Simpson during such meetings, officials said.
Johnson, responding to questions while relaxing in an RV parked alongside the restaurant during a few candid moments before the show, got in one subtle dig at Switzer.
Eugene Lockhart, four times Cowboys' leading tackler during his 1984-90 tenure with the club, was given a proper National Football League farewell by the Cowboys, who signed him off waivers in order to allow him to retire as a Cowboy.
Reedy's latest pronouncement of his quarterback situation, uttered during yesterday's Baylor stop of the SWC media tour, made it clear this is no longer a cut-and-dried issue for a team coming off a 5-6 season but seeking its third bowl bid in four years.
He preached diet and exercise to players during the summer and has seen some early results.
Last year during two-a-day workouts, the average body fat of a Baylor player was 12.1 percent.
Reedy's latest pronouncement of his quarterback situation, uttered during yesterday's Baylor stop of the SWC media tour, made it clear this is no longer a cut-and-dried issue for a team coming off a 5-6 season but seeking its third bowl bid in four years.
Reedy's latest pronouncement of his quarterback situation, uttered during yesterday's Baylor stop of the SWC media tour, made it clear this is no longer a cut-and-dried issue for a team coming off a 5-6 season but seeking its third bowl bid in four years.
The Saudi manager, Loren Schoenholtz, remembers a Scud missile landing near his house during the Persian Gulf War.
Mexicans who felt that economic conditions had either improved or remained unchanged during Salinas' six years in power cast their ballots overwhelmingly for Zedillo, a former economic cabinet member.
``We're using all our cash to pay off our credit cards.'' Consumers could take a lesson from shoppers like Blakely, especially during the back-to-school buying season, but the opposite tack is being taken by many.
It's dangerous.'' Some metro Atlanta residents apparently learned that lesson during the last recession.
As Guin wryly observed, ``If the economy goes ptooey, then I go ptooey despite everything I do to cover my derriere.'' The good news is the current pattern of consumer spending is typical during this phase of economic recovery, said Mary Rosenbaum, vice president and senior economist for the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta.
``What typically happens during a mature phase of cyclical expansion is that people take on more debt,'' Rosenbaum said.
Richards on the grounds that during the 1992 presidential campaign, George W.
VIRGINIA FOOTBALL PREVIEW CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va.  (BC-VIRGINIA-COX) For the longest time during his senior year at Mays High School, Atlanta's Symmion Willis thought he was going to play his college football at Georgia Tech.
``At first during the recruiting season, I felt comfortable (at Tech),'' Willis said.
He doesn't say it, but the Cavaliers' top three receivers were out with injuries during that time.
My cholesterol was 350 during steroid use.
$24.) The inner workings of the White House during the first year of the Clinton administration.
But the truth is that during conversation Maples comes across as a pretty regular person.
I don't remember when we first met (probably during the late '40s in high school), but through the years we became pretty close friends.
We were both in the Navy during the Korean unpleasantness (although, fortunately for the maintenance of order and decorum, we were never stationed together), and we subsequently matriculated at Midwestern State University.
He was a fair-to-middling photographer during his collegiate days, when we both worked on the campus newspaper, and we shared many an assignment together.
Some DNA typing experts say it is unfair to look back five years to a test conducted during the early years of forensic DNA use.
In training, he tasted as many as 1,200 cups a day during five- and six-hour tasting sessions.
The Limon Dance Company, for which Humphrey served as artistic adviser until her death in 1958, will feature many of her creations during a season at the Joyce Theater in the fall of 1995.
The selling of the video edition takes a decidedly different approach from that of the big-screen release: Where only 15 cities got to see ``Schindler's List'' during its opening weeks last December (the number gradually expanded), the MCA/Universal Home Video release is a mass-market campaign.
Experience during the Prohibition years 1919-1933 demonstrated all too vividly that making alcohol illegal inflamed the appetite for it and engendered clandestine manufacture and sale and firmly established organized crime in this country.
It mainly affects healthy adults, between the ages of 20 and 50; women acquire it mainly during menstruation or during the second two trimesters of pregnancy, Schlievert said.
The program's producer, Jonathan Dimbleby, trailed the heir to the British throne for about 15 months, on official rounds and during off-hour fishing, skiing and gamboling with his two sons.
	ROME (NYT) -- The Vatican insisted Tuesday that Pope John Paul ll was making ''excellent'' progresss during a mountain holiday in northern Italy despite concern over his health and questions over a planned and potentially hazardous visit to Sarajevo.
One glaring bit of revisionism to which veterans objected asserted that ``For most Japanese, it was a war to defend their unique culture against Western imperialism.'' This ignores the fact that Japan invaded and colonized Korea and Taiwan many years before the war, and invaded China, the Philippines, Malaysia, Indochina and strategic Pacific islands during the conflict.
Willem Dafoe and Robert Loggia have the leads in this one, playing camp inmates whose resourcefulness proves helpful during their incarceration.
Relocating to Los Angeles during the 1970s, Edelman worked with acts as diverse as The Carpenters and Frank Zappa.
Briefly during the 1930s, he had dabbled in Hollywood as a producer.
VATICAN OFFERS REASSURANCE ON POPE'S HEALTH, BOSNIA TRIP ROME  (BC-POPE-425&ADD-NYT) The Vatican insisted Tuesday that Pope John Paul II was making ``excellent'' progress during a vacation in the mountains of northern Italy, despite concern over his health and questions about the potential hazards of the visit he plans to Sarajevo, Bosnia-Herzegovina.
In the last two years, the pope, who survived a 1981 assassination attempt, has undergone surgery to remove a large tumor from his intestines and dislocated his right shoulder when he tripped while descending from his throne during an audience last November.
8 on a one-day trip that seems to be the riskiest of the many voyages he has undertaken during his 16-year papacy.
We married during World War II.
``He's getting better,'' said George Wunder, another Irvine assistant coach, ``but sometimes during conversations he's straight with you and sometimes he goes in little tangents.'' During an interview this past weekend, Shipp could not remember how many years of college eligibility he had left and stopped in mid-sentence to ask his nurse why she was dressing his knee with medication.
Anachronisms are also worth notice: ``The Advocate'' could well prompt speculation about whether early lawyers actually paced the courtroom like 20th-century television stars, or whether there were silicone breast implants during the late Middle Ages.
It was during this time that she began to write fiction.
``I said (during the campaign) that if Bill Clinton were elected president, our administration would be committed to building the V-22, on schedule,'' Gore wrote.
Pieces of paper that say ``To you, from me.'' My daughter worked two jobs during the summer, and our time together in the physical sense was limited, to say the least.
Rather, he has been highly visible during the strike.
That gives the players' association something it has always desired in the media capital of the world during a crisis: Yankees and Mets players with public presence, like Dave Winfield, Keith Hernandez, Don Baylor, David Cone.
	The princess, who is credited with saving the lives of three Jews in Greece during the Holocaust, died in 1969 at the age of 84 and is buried in Jerusalem.
She sheltered members of the Jewish family in her home in Athens during the German occupation.
He will also visit her grave during his visit.
For their part, lawyers for the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People countered that Chavis and his lawyers met with representatives of the board not once, but three times, on Friday and Saturday, which included presenting a defense during the meeting.
But bullishness was tempered by the fact the ratings did not include rain during the weekend.
Philip will visit her grave during his visit.
Philip will visit her grave during his visit.
Under the old code, a taxpayer seeking a depreciation write-off had to establish the useful life of the asset in question -- that is, the period during which the asset could be expected to be useful to the taxpayer in his trade or business, or in the production of his income.
The spot will be aired during popular programs like ``Seinfeld'' and ``Mad About You.'' In addition, the ``Tonight Show'' will give away Mystiques on six consecutive shows starting that Thursday.
Mendes next turns his musical attentions to a West End ``Oliver!,'' opening in December at the Palladium and starring Jonathan Pryce in his first stage role since winning a Tony Award for ``Miss Saigon.'' And if the director's acknowledgment of homelessness during ``The Money Song'' in ``Cabaret'' is any gauge -- Sally emerging from a cardboard box -- it's not difficult to imagine Mendes's take on Lionel Bart's Dickensian dispossessed: a Fagin less cuddlesome than fierce playing Pied Piper to a community of boys who inhabit not Hamlin but hell.
Happily, the New York success of ``Carousel'' indicates a public responsive to a British contribution to the Broadway musical that extends beyond the so-called British invasion during the 1980s of Andrew Lloyd Webber and the like.
For example, it would limit the time during which biological fathers could stop their children's adoption from proceeding.
The law would also recognize private adoptions as well as those arranged through agencies and establish procedures for recording crucial medical information, including the quality of prenatal care and whether the mother took drugs during the pregnancy.
INTEL PLANS HUGE FALL CAMPAIGN FOR POWERFUL NEW COMPUTER CHIP  (BC-INTEL-ADS-MEDIA-NYT) If you soon see commercials for computer microprocessors on the Comedy Central cable network, or during ``Frasier,'' ``Mad About You'' and ``Saturday Night Live'' on NBC, it will be no joke.
The ads will run during programs the company has never sponsored before because they represent Intel's most ambitious effort yet to reach buyers of home computers as well as its more traditional audience of buyers of business computers.
And since 30 seconds of commercial time during hit sitcoms cost far more than an ad page in a computer magazine, the campaign's budget, at $80 million through December, is Intel's largest ever for the final months of the year -- at least twice as much as was spent in any comparable period.
``A fundamental shift in the market is taking place,'' Dennis Carter, vice president for marketing at Intel in Santa Clara, Calif., said during a telephone interview.
``So we want to show consumers the benefits that might make them consider buying PCs in general and a Pentium-based computer specifically.'' The timing of the campaign is important, and not simply because it will promote the Intel brand name during two crucial shopping seasons, back-to-school and Christmas, that computer industry analysts expect to be among the strongest yet for PC sales.
Last year, the department calculated that it had 26,318 complaints about open fire hydrants, most of them arriving during the torpid days in July when the temperature eclipsed 100 degrees.
On alternate Fridays, the block has Water Day, during which everyone devotes their energies to getting everyone else wet.
He draws a parallel between lo-fi and a series of field recordings made during the 20s, when a folklorist set up shop in the storeroom of a general store in Bristol, Tenn.
Arturo Toscanini put his full weight behind Beethoven, whose reputation crested during World War II.
	In southwest Georgia's hard-hit Sumter County, where 15 people died in a two-day period, the town of Plains, former President Jimmy Carter's birthplace and home, was largely undamaged as was nearby Andersonville, site of the notorious prison where thousands of Union prisoners of war died during the Civil War.
Holding an oval paddle of gossamer cloth in each hand, the acclaimed director of ``Like Water for Chocolate'' bends his knees and does a slow, undulating dance as he leads the cast in a rehearsal for his new film, ``A Walk in the Clouds.'' When the scene, which takes place at night during a sudden frost, is actually shot, the nocturnal gloom and billowing clouds of smoke from smudge pots will add an ethereal dimension as the actors use the paddles to fan warm air against the vines.
The paddles used to fan the vines during the frost, for example, are inspired by the nets used by fisherman on Lake Patzcuaro, an ancient Indian region in the Mexican state of Michoacan.
In contrast, if one of Karmen's jingles were played in a commercial during the Oscar telecast, he and the jingle's publisher would receive only $37.50 each, a discrepancy that Karmen has been fighting for years.
Newman, suggested this added insult to injury -- a Cole Porter song used as background in a commercial during the same Oscar show would provide the Porter estate four times the amount paid to Karmen, on the grounds that the Porter song was an artistic creation and was not originally written as a commercial jingle.
Citicorp officials declined to discuss 399 Ventures, which is named after the company's corporate address, 399 Park Avenue in Manhattan, except to say it had made numerous investments in a variety of industries during the past decade..
Lauren said that about $3.9 billion worth of his products would be sold during the fiscal year that ends March 31.
At numerous times during the interview Tuesday, Lauren's aversion to selling his company to the public, with the intense regulatory and financial scrutiny such a move entails, was apparent.
He also drew an historical analogy to the French Resistance during World War II.
Kanther said that a decision by the Republicans to work with the People's Union would mean that the Republicans were ``sliding steeply in the direction of the extremists.'' Far-right parties increased their strength in Germany during the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Kumaratunga was said to have been on a Tiger death list during the election, and as a result, she was virtually invisible as she delivered campaign speeches behind a ring of government paratroops.
And partly due to the efforts of American and British missionaries who came during the 19th century, the island boasts a literacy rate of nearly 90 percent, the envy of most countries in the region.
``There were probably four to six people per raft,'' said Ms. Rojo, pulling on a cigarette and pacing in a light rain during a short break.
CALIFORNIA THIRD WORST IN INCOME GROWTH LOS ANGELES  (BC-INCOME-CALIF-LADN) California had the third-worst ranking in personal income growth during 1993 and nearly slipped back to even worse levels reached during the depths of the 1990-1991 recession, the U.S. Commerce Department reported.
Harrington, serving as a spokesman for the owner-executive group assigned to meet with the players, said he had been impressed listening to the members speak during the previous 24 hours.
But when Chafee was asked Tuesday if that approach satisfied him, he replied, ``It doesn't, because we spent a lot of time ironing out very fundamental differences'' during the mainstream group's 60 hours of discussions.
``Imagine, knowing that a person is in the ocean.'' Albo, a maintenance worker in Miami, himself made the 90-mile crossing on a motor boat during the 1980 Mariel boatlift and said he would have never considered a raft.
With the flood of Cubans picked up at sea exceeding 2,000 for the second straight day, some administration officials said they might be forced to consider an emergency option: placing the Cubans in military bases and other federal facilities on the mainland, as during the Mariel exodus of 1980 when 125,000 Cubans left for the United States.
One option under consideration is to revive parts of a classified contingency plan developed during the 1980s after the Mariel boatlift.
``There's a lot more privation in Cuba than there was during Mariel and there's much more willingess now to challenge the regime.'' 
Asked at the news conference about the timing of his announcement, Koppell said he had acted in response to ``a number of communications we have received from others in the industry who are deeply concerned about the effects of the merger.'' ``The fact that this is occurring during a political campaign is irrelevant,'' he said.
Clinton said during a Rose Garden ceremony that Dole and other Republicans had originally sponsored the trust fund in crime legislation long ago.
That would be the worst crime of all.'' Courier's tailspin began last year at the Open with his fourth-round loss to the eventual runner-up Cedric Pioline and hit its 1993 nadir when he went 0-3 at the ATP Championships, the event where he outraged the establishment -- but fascinated his peers -- by electing to read during change-overs.
``Obviously when the boys he's competing against see him reading a book during changeovers, you can throw mental toughness out the window.'' According to Gullikson, the episode at Indianapolis could work in Courier's favor: it did, at the very least, force him into taking a breather from a 1994 schedule from which he had not taken even a week's vacation.
The mayor, who had opposed such a step during budget negotiations with the City Council last spring, said it would save about $10 million in salaries and pension costs for a total of 1,600 trainees.
``It was one of the options we discussed during the budget negotiations,'' Vallone said.
The hospital had given Hogue several weekend passes home during the spring, and was planning to release him to an outpatient program even though he had tested positive for cocaine use after returning to Creedmoor from a July 4 weekend pass, she said.
Mason said the only thing that had changed since the hospital determined that Hogue was not dangerous in May was his unauthorized trip to New Rochelle, during which he committed no violent acts and represented no danger.
Mason suggested that the hospital was reacting solely to community pressure and the critical comments of political leaders like Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, who said on the night of Hogue's escape: ``Hopefully when he is caught and put back, they'll stop issuing passes.'' ``They haven't put forward a single medical reason for keeping him,'' Mason said during a break in the hearing.
SECOND SUBWAY TRAUMA FOR POLICE OFFICER IN SHOOTOUT NEW YORK  (BC-NY-COPS-SHOT-OFFICER-NYT) Officer Peter Del Debbio, who shot a transit police officer by mistake during a chaotic gunfight on a subway platform Monday evening, had lived through another hellish night on a subway train in August 1990 that cost him part of his finger and no small amount of pride, police and family members said Tuesday.
Thousands of Soviets visited the Seattle area during the 1990 Goodwill Games and its associated cultural activities, including business conferences.
The report said Smith, who was dismissed in October and faces grand larceny charges, engaged in ``a pattern of secrecy, deception and misconduct'' during his 15 years as the utility's chief executive officer.
``I'm spending as much time as I can learning about the company,'' Greenwald said during his hour-long visit to the downtown reservation center.
``We're going to explore the radical idea that when it comes to the work you do, you are the expert.'' Greenwald will get a lesson in the manufacturing end of the airplane business Wednesday during a visit to The Boeing Co. He has scheduled a private meeting with Boeing President Phil Condit in the morning and then will tour the company's operations in Seattle and Everett.
The younger Miss Blake was principal of P.S. 6 for 34 years, a span during which she insisted that every school assembly include the pacifist hymn ``I did not raise my son to be a soldier.'' Such stuff makes for tradition.
Kilgallen was credited with beginning the practice of having an ambulance trail the riders around the track during a race to assure quick treatment for a fallen jockey.
The story of life in the bushes -- the lower the class the better -- is becoming well-tilled soil during the major-league players' strike.
Orehek broke down and wept during the half-hour hearing after being reminded she faces a maximum of 10 years in prison for her role in defrauding four banks of more than $138 million in loans.
He also said the team didn't give him a legitimate shot at tight end during the exhibition season.
His best game came when he ran for 107 yards against the Kansas City Chiefs in the playoffs his rookie season, but that was his only 100-yard effort during his three seasons.
``I'm spending as much time as I can learning about the company,'' Greenwald said during his hour-long visit to the downtown reservation center.
``We're going to explore the radical idea that when it comes to the work you do, you are the expert.'' Greenwald will get a lesson in the manufacturing end of the airplane business Wednesday during a visit to The Boeing Co. He has scheduled a private meeting with Boeing President Phil Condit in the morning and then will tour the company's operations in Seattle and Everett.
With the flood of Cubans picked up at sea exceeding 2,000 for the second straight day, some administration officials said they might be forced to consider an emergency option: placing the Cubans in military bases and other federal facilities on the mainland, as during the Mariel exodus of 1980 when 125,000 Cubans left for the United States.
One option under consideration is to revive parts of a classified contingency plan developed during the 1980s after the Mariel boatlift.
``There's a lot more privation in Cuba than there was during Mariel and there's much more willingess now to challenge the regime.'' 
State Department statistics show that the influx over the past week exceeds the rate during the first week of the Mariel boatlift.
``He didn't know how to work during those first couple of seasons.
Thursday night, after enduring daylong questions regarding his alleged ``lack of control,'' Switzer appeared live with Hansen on Channel 8.
Later Monday came Sham's firing from the TV show (which occurred during a brief phone conversation between Sham and Jones) and Switzer's WBAP AM interview with Randy Galloway.
In '72, during the first strike, the line was the players make too little money to strike.
Once during a job interview, a recruiter asked Lindstrom-Foster if she thought she had what it took to make tough decisions in the business world.
Relocation of some units would begin during the summer, while the rest of the company would follow next year.
 (BC-NEWS-QUESTIONS-(2ndtake)-COX) Q: Since the war on poverty began during the Johnson administration, has the number of Americans in poverty risen or fallen?
Although a laboratory analysis detected an unidentified chemical compound derived from ammonia in the bag containing Ramirez's body and in air samples taken during the autopsy, the probe failed to discover the source of the fumes.
It was late afternoon during the time when it seems the temperature should start dropping but is actually the hottest part of the day.
I came through this area on my motorcycle just the previous weekend during a wild-hair run to Ciudad Acuna, Mexico.
``It is probably 10 years since I have spent this much quality time during the season with the family,'' the Boston Red Sox center fielder said.
Park planners estimate that the military will occupy 277 of the post's 860 buildings and about 12 percent of the post's 1,480 acres during the 6th Army's lease.
Above all, the saga of French heroism helped to play down the humiliating memory that, during most of World War II, the puppet regime, installed in Vichy, and much of the population here meekly collaborated with France's Nazi conquerors.
A club has high value, too, during periods of bad weather when delays and cancellations cause havoc.
A club has high value, too, during periods of bad weather when delays and cancellations cause havoc.
A club has high value, too, during periods of bad weather when delays and cancellations cause havoc.
The Franklin Roosevelts were sometimes at odds on policies during the Great Depression and World War II.
One hears that the family reads only during their August holiday in Scotland.
On screening ``Love Story'' for the queen mother, and betting Ali MacGraw, who was then his wife, that the film would make her weep: ``A cashmere sweater, the old lady cops a tear.'' On what Henry Kissinger supposedly said, not long afterward, about trying to patch up the MacGraw-Evans marriage: ``If I can negotiate with the North Vietnamese, I think I can smooth the way with Ali.'' ``It doesn't ring true, Mr. Evans,'' the author was told by Robert Shapiro, who heard his account and gave him legal counsel during the 1980s.
``What do you say about a guy who wants to get rid of his wife so he can fight full-time with his director?'' he asks about ignoring Ms. MacGraw, whom he sent to shoot ``The Getaway'' with Steve McQueen, while he locked horns with Francis Ford Coppola over ``The Godfather.'' Meanwhile, he also revels in the extravagant hype that was his not-so-secret weapon during those studio days.
	WASHINGTON ( NYT) -- Orders for big-ticket durable goods posted their biggest drop in 2 1/2 years during July, the Commerce Department reported Wednesday, the broad 4.2 percent decline surprising analysts and allaying fears of economic overheating.
Occasionally, an act will reconfigure its production or cut back on the amount of equipment it's carrying during its tour and release seats early.
Christopher Dodd, D-Conn., echoed the suggestion during an appearance with Sen.
In Key West, Coast Guard Commandant Robert Kramek (cq) said he saw more than 100 rafts and small boats during a flight over the area Wednesday morning.
In that case, police arrested Angel Tueros, 21, of Jamaica, charging him with shooting Hernandez with a 9-millimeter machine gun after Hernandez slapped him in the face during a dispute.
I don't know what to do.'' It is permissible for Showalter to speak with his players during the strike, so he could potentially retrieve answers about Mike Stanley's bruised right hand, Don Mattingly's chronic right wrist injury or whether Jimmy Key and Melido Perez are throwing consistently.
Three candidates, all with ties to tennis, will be re-interviewed in New York during the United States Open, but unless constituents of the Women's Tennis Council reach a consensus on one of the trio, the search could be thrown open to executives who have established themselves in businesses outside the sports realm.
Age Issue Near Resolve The controversial age eligibility issue, a black cloud over women's tennis ever since Jennifer Capriati's triumphant entry into professionalism at 13 culminated in an unhappy exit at 17, is expected to be resolved during the second week of the Open.
In the Trattoria Dai Baffoni, Parizeau noted that during its last time in power, 1976-85, the Parti Quebecois liberally financed ethnic media and community centers, and promised more of the same if he wins.
Although imaging devices based on soft X-rays (or hard ultraviolet) have been developed during the past decade by the Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory, Lawrence Livermore and other groups, development of hard X-ray lasers has eluded scientists until now.
Unless a caller chooses the expensive alternative of routing the call through one of several small Canadian carriers, that three-day wait is standard even in quiet times, much less during the current turmoil that has made Cuban-Americans particularly eager for word of their relatives on the island.
There are sandy beaches and canopied trails alongside a quiet lagoon carved out during the hurricane of 1938.
There are sandy beaches and canopied trails alongside a quiet lagoon carved out during the hurricane of 1938.
This has happened to a score of publications in Lagos, including the well-respected Guardian, depriving Nigerians of an outspoken free press that has tempered military rule during 24 of the country's 34 years of independence.
Ryan came to Arizona by way of Houston, where he almost overshadowed his contributions as the defensive coordinator by taking a poke at offensive coordinator Kevin Gilbride during the Oilers' 1994 regular-season finale.
After a long, emotional debate during the spring, the Senate passed legislation that would bar lawmakers from accepting meals, entertainment and trips.
A lot of No. 1 picks have been busts.'' When linebacker Brett Wallerstedt suffered a slight ligament tear during the first exhibition game, Ryan was less than sympathetic.
NBC's problem, Schulman said, is that it sold time in ``Frasier'' with great success during the upfront season.
It was where movie stars cuddled during their affairs and where Hollywood's major powerbrokers made their deals.
But when she gave the signal during the meal at the Chateau de Beggen in the tiny European nation, several people still hadn't finished eating.
That's why I pulled out.'' Graf's back ailment, which is a chronic condition, flared up during last week's Canadian Open.
Only a few fans made it a point to stop by the hotel during the day, among them Jim Halstead, a Jersey City schoolteacher.
He handled the adversity real well during the game.
The businessman dad in ``Baby's Day Out'' can't remember to say goodbye to his son without repeated prodding, and he doesn't hold the child once during the entire movie.
Never was that more apparent than Wednesday when 12 owners or their representatives joined in battle for the first time during this strike with the players union.
His interview on the radio show Wednesday morning -- during which he bantered playfully over the phone with the irreverent rock-and-roll hero Ted Nugent, and said he wanted ``to get him down to campaign'' -- also seemed intended to help put forward an image of North as fun-loving.
Haskell was a close aide to North during the Iran-Contra affair.
But during the campaign, Zedillo didn't capitalize on his modest upbringing as much as he might have, Grayson said, although he did note at least one exception.
After the decades during which political asylum was available to nearly any Cuban who reached these shores, there was skepticism that asylum would not be granted to the ``balseros,'' the collective term -- literally ``rafters'' -- that is used to describe all the refugees taking to the sea.
``The United States talks with Vietnam and looks for solutions to the problems of Vietnam, and even talks with the Democratic People's Republic of Korea,'' Castro said, referring to North Korea by its official name, during a speech earlier this month.
``Clinton's victory was a popular victory,'' Castro said during an Aug.
``The United States talks with Vietnam and looks for solutions to the problems of Vietnam, and even talks with the Democratic People's Republic of Korea,'' Castro said, referring to North Korea by its official name, during a speech earlier this month.
``Clinton's victory was a popular victory,'' Castro said during an Aug.
He analyzed club financial data for the union during the 1985 contract negotiations, and the clubs severely criticized him and his analysis.
On the formation of a joint venture with NBC and ABC for broadcast games, Noll concludes that if 1994 revenues turn out to be as bad as the clubs forecast, ``the reason is not a permanent, long-term decline in baseball but the consequences of a bad outcome from the risky decision to form TBN.'' ``The most recent television contracts,'' he adds, ``were worse for baseball than they should have been, reflecting poor business judgment on the part of management.'' And: ``The only cloud on baseball's financial horizon is a series of bad broadcasting policies and contracts during the past few years that bring considerable uncertainty concerning the short-run future of this source of revenues.'' The clubs, Noll says, underestimated the national television revenue by one-third to one-half.
Eisner, the chairman and chief executive of Walt Disney Co. The news of Katzenberg's departure, whose film division has been integral to the success of Disney during the last 10 years, startled Hollywood.
Robinson's badge was still in his pocket when he arrived at the hospital after the shooting, suggesting that he never took it out during the pursuit despite a standing rule that once a plainclothes officer draws a gun, the officer is supposed to pull out the badge as well.
John Breaux during an interview in his office in the Capitol.
``My goal in all of this is to make it work.'' (Stephen Crowley/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT16) RICHMOND, Virginia -- August 24, 1994 -- NORTH-CAMPAIGN, 8-24 -- Virginia Senate candidate Oliver North displays the ability to spit water through the gap in his teeth during a morning radio show in Richmond, Va., on Wednesday.
``It will be like a dream,'' explains Arau, describing a scene which takes place at night during a sudden frost.
John Breaux during an interview in his office in the Capitol.
``My goal in all of this is to make it work.'' (Stephen Crowley/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT16) RICHMOND, Virginia -- August 24, 1994 -- NORTH-CAMPAIGN, 8-24 -- Virginia Senate candidate Oliver North displays the ability to spit water through the gap in his teeth during a morning radio show in Richmond, Va., on Wednesday.
``It will be like a dream,'' explains Arau, describing a scene which takes place at night during a sudden frost.
John Breaux during an interview in his office in the Capitol.
``My goal in all of this is to make it work.'' (Stephen Crowley/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT16) RICHMOND, Virginia -- August 24, 1994 -- NORTH-CAMPAIGN, 8-24 -- Virginia Senate candidate Oliver North displays the ability to spit water through the gap in his teeth during a morning radio show in Richmond, Va., on Wednesday.
``It will be like a dream,'' explains Arau, describing a scene which takes place at night during a sudden frost.
McGwire, limited to 74 games in the last two seasons because of various problems with the foot, injured his heel most recently during routine base-running in a game against the California Angels on July 26.
d'Erlanger, who modeled and was a professional dancer in Europe in her youth, became a well-known hostess in London during her marriage to the baron, whose title was German but whose family had lived in England since the 19th century.
``I function a little better in the offseason.'' Still, during his stay in Idaho, he spent time working out.
Willard responds by overtraining during the weeks leading up to preseason practice.
Hughes will seek to alter its conditional use permit for the site during a zoning hearing Monday, company spokesman Rand Christiansen said.
``It took a long time during the off-season to recuperate, and my ankle still wasn't right coming into camp.
``We are there strictly for investigative purposes,'' Garcetti said during a meeting with reporters.
Caruthers, who suffered the injury during a summer workout, said he will begin rehabilitating in the pool today and start on a running regimen sometime next week.
As far as our staff is concerned, we really don't even have a choice at this time.'' Donahue mentioned the possibility of arthroscopic surgery for first-string tailback Sharmon Shah, who has been bothered during much of preseason by swelling in his knee.
As Mark Stepnoski recovered from knee surgery, Kennard was used at center during training camp before settling in at right guard.
That is because Bordano, as a bored freshman linebacker on the Mustangs' scout team, showed little reluctance in dropping the hammer on ``his'' quarterback, SMU starter Ramon Flanigan, during last season's drills when Flanigan was decreed off-limits.
``He didn't care,'' Flanigan said during Wednesday's SMU stop of the Southwest Conference media tour.
It makes the team tougher.'' A year later, Bordano no longer hits Flanigan during practice.
Marv Levy, Bills: Though he didn't achieve greatness recordwise while with the Chiefs, he did achieve a reputation as an intellectual philosopher that he's since built on during Buffalo's four Super Bowl visits and his eight-year Bills record of 89-45.
``It took a long time during the off-season to recuperate, and my ankle still wasn't right coming into camp.
``I practice at stack all week and play at mike during the games,'' Rogers said.
The better field position a team starts with the more they're going to score.'' Despite his departure from Dallas, Johnson still has strong feelings for his former team, and like Len Dawson who nearly always picks the Chiefs during the ``Inside the NFL'' predictions segment, look for Johnson to side with the Boys.
``Clinton's victory was a popular victory,'' Castro said during an Aug.
``I'd always go in and introduce myself during office hours.
MARROW DONORS SOUGHT TO SAVE LIVES DAYTON, Ohio  (BC-MARROW-COX) Rick Rowe, an accountant, got the call during the middle of tax season: He was a potential match for a 12-year-old girl who needed a bone marrow transplant.
Ivan Allen Jr. was the city's mayor during the turbulent 1960s and was one of the key leaders in easing Atlanta through time football coach at Rice University, he almost certainly would be busting gangsters, kidnappers and counterfeiters today.
Anyway, for Georgia Tech's football team this season, the seniors will do everything shy of help coach Bill Lewis and his assistants blow whistles during practices, kiss their wives good-bye before road trips and match the Xs with the Os. Or something like that.
Experts note that it is during the preteen and early teen years when most of the ambition youths had when they started school begins to unravel.
``I had the pleasure of meeting her during a trip with President Salinas,'' he said.
her invitation to go to Texas.'' Zedillo, who displayed an animated personality and easy sense of humor during the interview, was criticized for a wooden style in his first few days of campaigning after the assassination of Luis Donaldo Colosio, his predecessor as the PRI's candidate.
And in a self-deprecating manner, he told how his father reminded him that he was a student leader during his teen-age years and gave him advice that may have helped him win the presidential race.
Why don't you try during this campaign to remember your doctorate less and when you were 15 or 16 more?''' Zedillo said.
Jacques Tati's film takes place during a week when men are flying to the moon, but the Altra manufacturing company of Paris is sending its customized station-wagon camper to the Amsterdam auto show.
And today, during the week the punk-rock quintet makes its major-label debut on Interscope, I still know it.
We visited Zachary 1 over the Fourth of July, and were honored to sit on the horse beside during his first carousel ride.
The first visit, during his first week, Terri complained that he slept all the time.
Southwestern Seminary opens classes this week and Hemphill will address the students for the first time during a chapel service at 10 a.m. CDT Tuesday.
Often, he would have several cameras filled with different film stocks -- 35mm color, 16mm black and white, Super 8, video, you name it -- shoot the same scene, then decide during the editing process which footage to incorporate into the final feature.
If viewers flinch during this tireless two-hour barrage, are they simply no match for the film maker's tough, unrelenting style?
Harrelson looks wild-eyed and deadly during parts of ``Natural Born Killers,'' but he is at his scariest when serenely telling Wayne that he feels possessed of a certain purity.
Richard Lewis is a neurotic surgeon who has developed a phobia about wielding a scalpel, and who during the trek insists on conducting group-therapy sessions.
``By the time I started working in top 40 and r&b bands, I found myself blowing be-bop during jazz-funk numbers.
About 100 fragments from ``Legends of Hollywood,'' which collapsed in pieces during the Northridge quake, will be sold beginning Monday to raise money for a replacement mural, said Nyla Arslanian, president of the Hollywood Arts Council.
``They are also primary evidence for the study of the origin and meaning of neoclassicism.'' The 98 sketches show ancient sculpture and other remains of classical antiquity encountered by David during two extended trips to Rome, one from 1775 to 1781 and another from 1784 to 1785.
My Cuban friends, many of whom lost family members during the revolution, are convinced there should not be any negotiation with Castro.
We married during World War II.
and M.A. Radford write that the rhyme originated in the northern counties of England during the early 19th century.
``This smacks of a stunt.'' Another Social Democratic leader, Karsten Voigt, said at a meeting of Parliament's Foreign Affairs Committee that Kohl's ``hectic activity'' to combat smuggling of nuclear material was calculated to come during ``a period before the federal election when media attention is especially intense.'' The chancellor's coordinator of secret services, Bernd Schmidbauer, rejected the charges as ``absurd and bizarre.'' Thursday's exchange made clear that both major parties are seeking to turn the public concern over atomic smuggling to their political benefit.
``This smacks of a stunt.'' 	Another Social Democratic leader, Karsten Voigt, told a meeting of Parliament's Foreign Affairs Committee that Kohl's ``hectic activity'' to combat smuggling of nuclear material was calculated to come during ``a period before the federal election when media attention is especially intense.'' 	The chancellor's coordinator of secret services, Bernd Schmidbauer, rejected the charges as ``absurd and bizarre.'' 	MEXICO CITY (NYT) -- Losing elections is something the National Action Party has always done well.
Storms are often spawned in the Caribbean during August and September and seas are predicted to be rough in coming days.
Storms are often spawned in the Caribbean during August and September and seas are predicted to be rough in coming days.
This egalitarian manner is sensational during a campaign but less appealing in the White House, which is supposed to be a place of public awe.
He even admits that sticking up for Jones during his first meeting with the team was a mistake, a blurring of the line between management and the football operation, and he has vowed not to make a similar error again.
$24.) The inner workings of the White House during the first year of the Clinton administration.
``The roads are extremely competitive, so you have to ask whether the car can perform and keep you alive,'' said Daniel Crain, an owner of Handbuilt Roadsters, an auto repair and detailing shop in East Rutherford, N.J. ``That's not referring to a car's safety features, but it's being able to handle your driving style on the roads you drive.'' The most important action to take during a test drive, Crain says, is to steer the car simultaneously while braking it, because a driver should feel confident with the transfer of weight from the car's rear to the front at such times.
``Going up grades with the air on, you'll get as much as 20 percent less power, and you can definitely feel a big difference, especially with the economy cars.'' Another engine-related matter: vibration and noise in the car, especially during acceleration.
``I think President Castro, or Premier Castro, needs to be in consultation with his own folks,'' President Clinton said during a late afternoon impromptu press conference in the White House Rose Garden.
``I think President Castro, or Premier Castro, needs to be in consultation with his own folks,'' President Clinton said during a late afternoon impromptu press conference in the White House Rose Garden.
Once you have that, your receivers will be better able to run deeper routes and make big plays.'' Mike Munchak, who went to nine Pro Bowls during his 12-year career, has seen a lot of quarterbacks come and go in Houston.
The episode degenerates into an apocalyptic prison riot, during which Mickey and Mallory make their escape by killing dozens of guards and prisoners.
He said he will negotiate privately during the break with John Chafee, R-R.I., John Breaux, D-La., and other uncommitted senators for a compromise.
``Joe had seen stories about Derek in the New York papers and said, `I guess I'm not going to make it to see him play in Yankee Stadium,''' explained Dorothy Jeter, Derek's mother, her voice wavering during a telephone interview Thursday.
He led that influential group during the player strikes of 1982 and 1987.
``I will not win at any cost.'' You will never see him scold his children during a match.
But the most impressive statistic and the one that means the most to drug-free motorists and their families is that Memphis police made 111 arrests for driving under the influence of drugs during the summer study period.
Enduring love is offered and returned ten-fold.
``Connors is gone, McEnroe is basically gone, Courier's reading books during changeovers, Sampras has tendinitis in his ankle, Ivanisevic has a pulled muscle, and Agassi might not play if there's any music or loud noise or anything that might distract his mental preparation,'' the guy said.
Lyman Spitzer Jr., an emeritus professor of astronomy at Princeton University who knew Einstein during his last years, recalled his giving an hour's lecture on a mistake he had made in a paper on gravitational waves.
I couldn't remember working in Ohio during the years listed.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
``People in Seattle are historically indifferent to indoor spectator sports during the summer,'' said Art Thiel, a sports columnist with the Seattle Post-Intelligencer.
His assignments in the United States included covering the State Department during the tenure of of John Foster Dulles, who served as President Eisenhower's secretary of state.
He criticized international mediators for treating the nationalists led by Karadzic as equal negotiating partners with Bosnia's legal government during peace talks.
Booth said he was also billed for services he never received, like four consecutive treatments with aerosolized pentamidine, to prevent pneumonia, although he had not even visited Rankin during the week of the billed treatments.
He fractured his right wrist during a Class AAA game Wednesday night.
Preparing to work the U.S. Open for the USA Network, John McEnroe showed a split personality during a conference call.
With Japan still in an economic slump, people here are looking for less expensive cars than they sought during the boom of the so-called bubble economy in the late 1980s.
In making these statements, Mukasey said, Kunstler had in effect harmed his former client's interest by ``accusing Siddig Ali of felonies as yet uncharged.'' According to the government, Siddig Ali, during his brief period of cooperation with the government, made allegations that would be harmful to El-Gabrowny.
That, in turn, required that Kunstler and Kuby be disqualified as El-Gabrowny's lawyer, Mukasey said in his ruling Thursday, since as former lawyers for Siddig Ali, they would not be able to attack his credibility in court if he testified against El-Gabrowny or if the prosecutors introduced into evidence the information it obtained from him during interviews when he was acting as a cooperating witness.
Continental spokesman David Messing said, ``The main benefit for us is being able to take customers from Florida to one of the points in California that we previously served from Denver or we never served such as Sacramento or Palm Springs.'' Said Myers, ``The alliance will substantially increase traffic over Phoenix and it will be a major increase to our activities in Phoenix.'' America West filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in June 1991 during a massive industry shake-up that sent several carriers into bankruptcy and forced others out of business.
Approval of the new U.S. peacekeeping request came at the end of a difficult legislative session during which the House defeated three attempts to cut peacekeeping funds while the Senate at first decided to transfer $350 million from peacekeeping to pay for detaining illegal aliens and then reversed itself in a conference committee.
Lodging is so scarce during the summer season, aides to Clinton say, that the White House had no choice but to make its best guess as to when Congress might wrap up business and then agree to pay for the lodging whether it was used or not.
``We must not let any nation, even a nation as close to us as Cuba, even with so many American citizens of Cuban descent, control the immigration policy of the United States and violate the borders of the United States.'' The Coast Guard said 1,439 Cubans were picked up on Thursday in the Straits of Florida as of 6 p.m. Several officials said this might signal that the exodus was slowing because 2,390 were picked up during the same period on Wednesday.
In a quiet moment during last football season, Benny told him, ``There is one last thing I haven't taught you.
Katzenberg's decision on Wednesday to quit the company he helped build during the last decade after the rebuff by Eisner comes at an especially troubled time at Disney.
Richard Ravitch, the owners' chief negotiator, said that during the last hour and a half of the meeting, owners and players had other side conversations.
Banks recently had been declared academically ineligible to play basketball during the upcoming fall semester but could have regained his eligibility for the second semester.
In addition, GM plants were idled during the annual two-week shutdown in early July.
Dell, which has been trying to gain an early lead in the market for computers based on Intel's fast Pentium microprocessor, also said that sales of Pentium-based systems represented 24 percent of its systems revenues during the quarter.
Clinton said during a Rose Garden exchange with reporters on Thursday afternoon that he was restudying the regulations governing legal immigration by Cubans, and indicated that he would be willing to discuss such questions with Havana.
The president, who was stung politically in 1980 when Mariel boat people held in Arkansas rioted during his governorship, talks often to his aides about that incident, making it clear that above all he is determined to keep the latest throngs of refugees from entering the United States.
The number of misdemeanor and felony arrests grew to an average of 19,000 a month from March through June, up from 16,000 a month during the previous eight months.
Mark Rescigno and his family were among those driven from their homes during the predawn hours of July 27.
On a seasonally adjusted and annualized basis, 453,400 homes closed escrow during July.
Fixed mortgage interest rates averaged 8.62 percent during July, compared with 8.43 percent in June, according to the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp.
Double-digit sales increases were common during the first six months of the year, in part because the beginning of 1993 was very slow.
The median price of a resale condominium was $140,200 during July, down 6.3 percent from June, and down 3.3 percent compared with July 1993.
Alfonse D'Amato during the first phase of congressional hearings.
Michael Julian, the chief of personnel, said the panel would evaluate the policies of other departments, and gather information on all shooting incidents involving officers during the last 30 years to find out whether there are any racial patterns.
``It is a lack of training and supervision issue.'' James Fyfe, a professor of criminal justice at Temple University, said that in the early 1970s, a period during which several New York City police officers were shot by other officers, nine black officers were shot by their colleagues.
Most are short, their growth stunted by meager rations during adolescence.
Lyman Spitzer Jr., an emeritus professor of astronomy at Princeton University who knew Einstein during his last years, recalled his giving an hour's lecture on a mistake he had made in a paper on gravitational waves.
While the LAPD recorded 680 assaults on police officers in 1992, the department recorded 789 assaults during the first eight months of last year -- the last period for which statistics are available, according to Officer Rigo Romero, an LAPD spokesman.
Lyman Spitzer Jr., an emeritus professor of astronomy at Princeton University who knew Einstein during his last years, recalled his giving an hour's lecture on a mistake he had made in a paper on gravitational waves.
Darrel McHargue, one of the three stewards, who met with seven jockeys Thursday, said the meeting ``opened up lines of communication.'' The new procedure on inquiries was evident when the stewards lit the sign three times during the nine races, though no disqualifications were made.
LAPD OFFICER DENIES FIRING ON CALIFORNIA HIGHWAY PATROLMAN LOS ANGELES  (BC-CHP-SHOOTING-LADN) An LAPD officer has denied that he and a fellow officer fired their guns at a California Highway Patrol motorcycle officer during an off-duty incident on the Harbor Freeway (110).
The defense will ask for another hearing on the matter if the officers do not cooperate during the interviews, Levin said.
During a preliminary hearing, Wall testified the officers trained their guns on him and fired several times during the incident near the intersection of the Harbor (110) and 91 freeways.
``Every time we watch one and think he's pulling ahead, he goes in the tank,'' Dykes said during Thursday's Tech stop of the Southwest Conference media tour.
Andcoaches must mesh those players' skills with teammates who will fill eight vacancies on an offense that averaged 475 yards and 37 points per game during last year's 6-6 season.
While much attention has been directed toward Northridge pitchers Nathaniel Dunlap and Peter Tuber during postseason play, Gentile has always received great respect from those who followed Northridge over the entire season.
A frenzied week that saw Hansen get into a shouting match with Cowboys coach Barry Switzer during a WFAA-TV interview and Sham later fired by Jones as host of ``Special Edition'' for backing KVIL FM radio sidekick Hansen concluded Thursday night with an uneventful call of a meaningless game.
Jones said Sham and Hansen would be critiqued after each game after what he labeled ``an overall tone that wasn't positive'' during the KVIL broadcast of Sunday's game against the Denver Broncos.
With the Eagles he is more a renaissance player -- running, catching, returning kicks -- even offering to brace blocking dummies during practice.
I just wanted to play.'' Walker swore off interviews during his term with the Vikings.
While the LAPD recorded 680 assaults on police officers in 1992, the department recorded 789 assaults during the first eight months of last year -- the last period for which statistics are available, according to Officer Rigo Romero, an LAPD spokesman.
He pointed out in the defense argument that Van Buren had become a counselor during his senior year at Newbury Park and was not a violent person.
``He could have gone to college and serve jail time during his vacations.
Tanning, born in 1910, was part of the surrealist movement during World War II.
``I wanted to be the world's greatest foreign correspondent,'' Hart said during a stop on her national book tour.
Both became good readers.'' ``There are lots of ways people learn,'' says Hedrick, explaining that children in her classroom have different choices of activities during the day.
And Giggles (Marlo Marron), a savvy ex-con who's realized one thing during her four years in the joint: Homegirls have got to learn to take care of themselves; there's no use in relying on homeboys who are locked up, disabled or dead by the time they're 21.
The parties, on the parlor floor of a townhouse at 153 East 70 Street, are held occasionally in the summer but about twice a month during the fall and winter seasons, always with a purpose.
She said President Carlos Salinas de Gortari often had to negotiate with the PAN during his six years in office if he wanted to get initiatives passed.
At one point during the ``Mega Model Jam,'' Ober seemed to be mocking the whole concept.
(By comparison, home shopping stars like Diane Von Furstenberg have been known to take orders for $1.3 million in merchandise during a two-hour show.) The company has decided not to release figures for the Beavis and Butt-head promotions, though Rosenthal called the response ``overwhelming.'' In September, MTV will start running a 60-minute shopping show devoted to the Rolling Stones' ``Voodoo Lounge'' tour, which will include interviews with band members and pitches for ``Voodoo Lounge'' merchandise -- bomber jackets, baseball jerseys, limited-edition CDs and a concert video -- available only at Stones concerts or from MTV.
But Murray and Herrnstein have looked more closely at the scores for white students alone, and those scores decreased just as sharply during the long decline as the scores for the whole test population.
Moreover, because the proportion of minority test-takers was increasing during that time, the white pool was, if anything, growing more selective rather than less.
``I just climbed on the scales one day during the offseason and when I saw how much I had ballooned up,'' Kennedy said, ``all I could say was, `Wow, where do we go from here?''' Said Scott, ``I did what I was asked.
Mudd played at 265, which put him on the heavy end of average during the 1960s.
The traditional ways that people meet now do not allow much access to each other's minds and that has often not led to enduring relationships.
White House chief of staff Leon Panetta, at a lunch with reporters, laid out a strategy for Clinton to get around his threat made during his State of Union address last January, when he held up his pen and promised to veto any health care plan that did not guarantee coverage to all Americans.
Frequent business travelers who check their E-mail from the air (they're the ones the flight attendants are talking to when they command all passengers to refrain from using electronic devices during take off and landing) make up the second group.
13 during which a nine-member audience jury will judge the guilt or innocence of O.J. Simpson.
The Eastern States Exposition in West Springfield, Mass., brings an estimated $50 million into the local economy during its run (this year, Sept.
``They had nursed the people of Fairbanks during the flu epidemic of 1918.
``It is perverse to call this crime bill, in some church, God's will'' as Clinton did in addressing a black congregation during his fight to pass the measure.
``It was during that whole process of thinking I was going to die that I questioned what I had been doing and where my life was heading and if I was happy and content with what I had done,'' Phillip said.
``Gilligan's Island'' is one of the most enduring shows in television history, having played continuously since its debut on Sept.
Rather, it is an allegory about a Jewish bookseller who tries to befriend the young Hitler, enduring the future dictator's brutality until his goose is cooked.
After its current 50-date American tour with the Gin Blossoms and Cracker, the band travels to Europe for six weeks, then returns to these shores for 12 shows during a monthlong period opening for the Rolling Stones.
Tensions rose Friday in Bombay during a strike called to protest the assassination Thursday of a prominent right-wing politician by unidentified attackers.
4 during the 10th annual Brazilian Street Festival of New York, on 46th Street between Fifth Avenue and Avenue of the Americas.
Friday's report seemed to confirm for many economists a belief that economic growth will slacken to a range of 2 percent to 3 percent for the current quarter with any pickup during the autumn likely to be modest.
Inflation gauges associated with GDP data showed little change in Friday's report, with the fixed-weight price index for gross domestic purchases edging up to a 3.3 percent pace from 3.2. In current dollars, GDP growth was at a 6.9 percent pace during the spring instead of the 6.8 percent first estimated a month ago.
BC-HIGH-TECH-CAFE-ART-2  (nypt) Anderson said the idea for the high-technology theme came during a lunch he had several months ago with Alan Weinkrantz, a public relations executive from San Antonio who often visited the Infomart carrying an IBM notebook computer, a portable phone and other telecommunications devices.
His solution is to commit 3 percent to 5 percent of the state's pension fund, or about $310 million, in high quality venture funds during 10 years the way several other states have done.
``We control land and we have some modest tax incentives, so we use those assets.'' By some estimates, the city and its allies have set aside $2 billion to develop Baltimore during the next 10 years.
-- The indictment of Michael Gartner for fraudulently promoting stocks during conference calls from jail carries an especially crazy irony: The guy had been pushing shares in a video phone network, which if used during those conference calls, could have easily placed him in the slammer.
-- The indictment of Michael Gartner for fraudulently promoting stocks during conference calls from jail carries an especially crazy irony: The guy had been pushing shares in a video phone network, which if used during those conference calls, could have easily placed him in the slammer.
``Baseball's really been a kind of escape from all the things that everybody endured during the earthquake.'' Sharmie Drake, whose son Scott Jr. is on the team, was at a baseball tournament in San Bernadino, Calif., when the quake hit.
He almost immediately joined the PGA tour and had no further episodes until 1974, when he went berserk during a visit to Japan.
They did the right thing for saving the gun ban, and two of the six, John Danforth of Missouri and Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania, need a lot of honorable behavior to make up for their shameful performance during the Anita Hill hearings.
One member of management said owners reported after private conversations with players during the two days of talks that the players are convinced the owners are not serious about their pursuit of a salary cap and ultimately would change their position.
And the department has hired guards to relieve other guards so they can work out during business hours, according to a sharply critical audit by the Energy Department's Office of Inspector General.
Recently the unit has changed to working 12-hour shifts and exercising during those hours, but this has not significantly cut costs, a Hanford official said.
The Coast Guard picked up 414 Cubans in the Straits of Florida on Friday as of 6 p.m., a far lower rate than during the previous seven days, when a total of 11,810 Cubans were rescued.
Even so, the enduring image of Clinton waving a veto pen before a joint session of Congress is one that critics have relished in anticipation of being able to hold it against him.
Viacom and Tele-Communications had also sought to settle an antitrust lawsuit that Viacom had filed against Malone and his company late last year during the takeover battle for Paramount.
Those who live on the hill have so little that they have hardly noticed whether their economic situation has changed during the last six years.
Inmates of halfway houses, which are designed to phase prisoners back into society, are permitted to work from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Wachtler will have a 9 p.m. curfew during the week and may be allowed to spend time with his family on weekends.
Wachtler, of Manhasset, N.Y., maintained that mental illness and a reaction to prescription drugs prompted the bizarre behavior that led him to assume the guise of a Texas investigator during his harassment of Mrs.
But it was only after Ms. Weeks filed suit in 1991 and other women came forward to tell similar accounts during the pretrial proceedings that Baker & McKenzie forced the resignation of Greenstein.
Indeed, during the trial, which was featured on Court TV when hearings in the O.J. Simpson case did not pre-empt it, Greenstein, a heavyset, bearded man who now works for a small intellectual-properties firm in San Jose, seemed a mere spectator.
By comparison, during the same period, ozone levels exceeded the federal limits on 27 days at the World Trade Center; 23 days in Stratford, Conn.; 19 days in Babylon, N.Y., and 13 days in Bayonne, N.J., said Robert F.
``We need to be more dominant, more strong.'' Becker said the top players competing in New Haven, Conn., last week discussed how they were being affected by recent changes, shortening the time between points and playing music during change-overs.
He transferred to the Department of Labor during World War II.
27: Russian officials acknowledged blushingly last year that whole warehouses of art treasures seized during World War II had been hidden away for decades.
Doing so would dishonor treaties that Russia has signed, sow enduring ill will in countries with lawful title, and undermine Russia's own claims for restitution of czarist gold worth $2 billion and various properties valued at $10 billion, including mansions in Paris, an Orthodox monastery in Italy and land in Jerusalem.
This was during the Nuremberg trials, in which Nazi plunder of other countries' art was treated as a war crime.
It expressly stipulates that captured artworks ``shall never be retained as war reparations.'' The Soviet Union signed the convention, as it did a 1980 bilateral agreement with Germany calling for reciprocal return of all art treasures seized during World War II.
Eliminating the buses during those peak times is just one part of a multifaceted program we are undertaking.'' But the Greater Bridgeport Transit District, which operates the bus service, said the decision discriminates against the disabled, the elderly and members of minority groups.
The band barely had to sing their songs - the audience did it for them, on their feet, happily joining in with every word from the band's two multimillion-selling albums, ``Core'' and ``Purple.'' (Monica Almeida/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT8) WASHINGTON -- August 26, 1994 -- HEALTH-ADVOCATES, 8-26 -- Leaders of groups who advocate universal coverage meeting during one of their recent daily strategy sessions in Washington.
The band barely had to sing their songs - the audience did it for them, on their feet, happily joining in with every word from the band's two multimillion-selling albums, ``Core'' and ``Purple.'' (Monica Almeida/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT8) WASHINGTON -- August 26, 1994 -- HEALTH-ADVOCATES, 8-26 -- Leaders of groups who advocate universal coverage meeting during one of their recent daily strategy sessions in Washington.
The band barely had to sing their songs - the audience did it for them, on their feet, happily joining in with every word from the band's two multimillion-selling albums, ``Core'' and ``Purple.'' (Monica Almeida/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT8) WASHINGTON -- August 26, 1994 -- HEALTH-ADVOCATES, 8-26 -- Leaders of groups who advocate universal coverage meeting during one of their recent daily strategy sessions in Washington.
The band barely had to sing their songs - the audience did it for them, on their feet, happily joining in with every word from the band's two multimillion-selling albums, ``Core'' and ``Purple.'' (Monica Almeida/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT8) WASHINGTON -- August 26, 1994 -- HEALTH-ADVOCATES, 8-26 -- Leaders of groups who advocate universal coverage meeting during one of their recent daily strategy sessions in Washington.
The opening shot is arguably the biggest, if not necessarily the most enduring, of an impressive play-/j list.
But Czuleger ordered prosecutors before the grand jury to tell him the nature of the inquiry before they question members of Simpson's defense team or anyone expected to testify during Simpson's trial.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The theory that sustained reductions in unemployment can be achieved through higher inflation was popular during the 1960s and early 1970s, but it was widely discredited among academic economists when both inflation and unemployment rose in the late 1970s.
Though the Jets' defense was on the field for almost 10 minutes during the Bucs' opening drive, it fared better than the Jets' offense.
Although a powerful figure in the National Football League, Culverhouse became sensitive to news media and public criticism during the team's long decline.
They usually are populated with a handful of top minor-league prospects and Latin-born major-leaguers who live in the Dominican Republic or Venezuela during the winter.
They're losing valuable time (during the strike).
The Coast Guard picked up 629 Cubans in the Straits of Florida on Friday as of 10 p.m., a far lower rate than during the previous seven days, when a total of 11,810 Cubans were rescued.
MAN WHO BEAT DENNY HELD IN ASSAULT LOS ANGELES  (BC-DENNY-DEFENDANT-LADN) One of three men charged with attempted murder in the Reginald Denny beating who later was placed on probation was arrested early Friday on suspicion of trying to shoot an acquaintance at point-blank range during an argument, police said.
According to Kroeker, Miller was arguing Sunday with three people, two of whom were in a car parked in the 7100 block of Normandie Avenue, just a block from the Florence Avenue intersection where Denny was beaten savagely during the first hours of the Los Angeles riots on April 29, 1992.
``He cusses every once in a while and kicks the ball and (defensive end Charles) Haley will yell at him, `Troy's acting like a baby, a baby, a baby.''' WHEN THE STARS COME OUT Something Switzer noticed about his starters during preseason is their tendency to want to come out of the lineup as a unit.
What (the 49ers) are trying to do is beat the best, and right now the Cowboys are the best.'' Johnson doesn't see that changing either, despite the multiple moves the 49ers have made during the off-season, such as signing veteran defensive end Richard Dent and linebackers Rickey Jackson, Ken Norton and Gary Plummer.
Union officials have threatened to strike during the first two weeks of the school year unless the district agrees to restore a 10 percent pay cut taken by teachers over the past two years.
The six men and six women on the panel awarded Rena Weeks $50,000 for the emotional trauma she suffered during the 25 days she worked for Martin Greenstein, a high-powered trademark lawyer at legal giant Baker & McKenzie.
The firm said it reprimanded Greenstein on several occasions and ultimately forced him out last October after other women came forward during the course of Weeks' lawsuit and accused the lawyer of misconduct.
But Weeks received a boost when six women testified during the monthlong trial that they had been harassed by Greenstein while he was at Baker & McKenzie.
Huge surges in listenership occur during crises such as the Persian Gulf war and now the controversies over Haitian and Cuban emigres.
Inside, they say, are maps of Delaware in the bathrooms, Delaware license plates on the walls, Delaware trivia questions on the radio during promotions.
It isn't true, said David Tucci, a franchise owner who was reached by phone during a lunch hour recently.
A few months back, conservative Roman Catholic and evangelical leaders pledged to work more closely on certain social issues and, during much of this summer, Pope John Paul II and various Islamic theologians have spoken in the same deeply critical tones about the alleged moral dangers posed by an international conference on population growth.
Inside, they say, are maps of Delaware in the bathrooms, Delaware license plates on the walls, Delaware trivia questions on the radio during promotions.
It isn't true, said David Tucci, a franchise owner who was reached by phone during a lunch hour recently.
Ever since working-class Britons began traveling down to the sea to Blackpool and other towns during the late 19th century, in search of fun and diversions, the British holiday resort has offered them a steady if predictable diet: indifferent weather, cheap food and lodgings -- and laughs, lots and lots of laughs, supplied mostly by a stable of music hall comics who over the years have made a kind of sub-speciality of seaside humor.
While questioning the booklet's accuracy on several points -- most outrageously, it claimed that more than 130 people had frozen to death in the streets of Washington, D.C., during a blizzard last winter -- diplomats and human rights groups agreed that the response was the most impressive, point-by-point human rights rebuttal ever produced by the Chinese.
Her fellow writers were nearly mute during the two months she spent as a fugitive from a government arrest warrant for blasphemy.
As was the case during the 1980 exodus from the port of Mariel, Castro, playing a weak hand with consummate skill, is now dictating the course and tempo of events while Washington, with far more resources at its disposal, struggles to respond.
But Chavis had been at odds with the board often during his 16-month tenure, notably over his courting of black separatists like Louis Farrakhan of the Nation of Islam and his running up of more than $3 million in debt.
But Chavis had been at odds with the board often during his 16-month tenure, notably over his courting of black separatists like Louis Farrakhan of the Nation of Islam and his running up of more than $3 million in debt.
The discussions continued during kitchen clean-up and during recreational breaks.
Jason Miller, a Lawndale junior, leaned over his tacos at dinner to console Potter, with whom he had argued the previous evening during an exercise in anti-Semitism.
She and her father worked closely together during her senior year in high school and first year of college.
But, she acknowledges, the neglect couldn't have occurred without the help of critics and historians who were justifiably eager to celebrate the laudable achievements of the company that was founded during the civil-rights movement.
But Rickard's mood changed when interest finally started to grow in the company during the last years of his life.
There are those who contend that the large numbers of black players in the 80's and 90's will result in a significant minority-group presence in upper athletic administration during the next 25 years.
Indeed, the fact that would-be owners are willing to pay so much for clubs that ostensibly lose money proves the enduring consumption value of ownership -- perhaps the notoriety or the chance to fraternize with ballplayers.
Disgruntled Former Jet Defensive lineman Leonard Marshall is still angry at the way the Jets treated him during the off season.
hattuck is hoping to restart the human rights discussions and has suggested a meeting with Chinese officials in New York during the annual session of the U.N. General Assembly in September, Chinese and American officials say.
``Most of this society is confused, concerned, and they're looking around for values, they're looking around for rules to sustain them, to give them strength, some predictability,'' Cuomo said during a ground breaking for a $61 million Civil Court building in Queens.
The board, headed by five Democratic and five Republican commissioners, took a cut of $3.6 million, or 10 percent, from its $35 million budget during the budgeting process in June.
The North Charleston branch foundered during the 1960s, but in the early 1970s, a group of dissidents from the Charleston branch were persuaded to move a few miles north and resuscitate the dormant North Charleston branch, rather than leave the organization.
Most of Mibirizi's Hutu fled to Zaire, along with some 1.5 million other Hutu, out of fear of what the Rwandan Patriotic Front would do, a fear instilled by Hutu government propaganda during the war.
Mibirizi was predominately Tutsi because it was an administrative and religious center during the colonial era and the Belgian government ruled through the Tutsi.
Many New York legislators have avoided commenting on Empire during an election year.
As we indicated in the past, we see no need for a dialogue on broad issues because we see no evidence from Fidel Castro that he understands the need for change.'' In Edgartown, Mass., a senior White House official traveling with President Clinton during his vacation said: ``We're not willing to talk to him about lifting the trade embargo.
In addition, the administration will seek to persuade Castro to take back more than 1,500 criminals who came to the United States during the Mariel boatlift in 1980.
Some Liberal Democrats have also been critical of an American request that Japan sign a routine agreement that would allow Japan to provide a variety of commodities, like fuel, and various services to the American forces during peacetime operations.
Since 1988, the United States has pressed Tokyo for the kind of agreement it has with its NATO partners in Europe, as well as South Korea, on supplying various commodities and services to American forces during operations.
``The Islamic Group, as its starts a new round of operations, urges all foreigners not to come to Egypt during the coming period for the sake of their own lives,'' the statement said.
This is a green that is almost never hit in two strokes, even during the Players Championship, the annual PGA Tour event here.
His last three-putt green came during stroke play on Tuesday on his 17th hole.
But close friends met during 16 years in the African nation were not so lucky.
Many were killed or remain in danger, Marlene Lee, a graduate of Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary here, said during a brief furlough this week in Fort Worth before returning to Africa to establish an orphanage.
Let's just say I've developed a great fear of losing: I don't like it.'' That's exactly what his rivals are afraid of, and exactly why they haven't showered him with Get Well cards during his summer convalescence.
I mean, there's always the little insecurity that I might be off, that I might get out there on the court and be dis-oriented, but I doubt it.'' Sampras was well into what he refers to as ``a perfect year'' when the nagging ankle pain that he almost forgot about during a masterful defense of his Wimbledon title flared with a vengeance at the Davis Cup quarterfinals in the Netherlands.
As we indicated in the past, we see no need for a dialogue on broad issues because we see no evidence from Fidel Castro that he understands the need for change.'' In Edgartown, Mass., a senior White House official traveling with President Clinton during his vacation said: ``We're not willing to talk to him about lifting the trade embargo.
In addition, the administration will seek to persuade Castro to take back more than 1,500 criminals who came to the United States during the Mariel boatlift in 1980.
I mean, what if the concept of assigning a federal marshal to sit on the bench during road games were applied to the entire team?
Perhaps the most moving moment of the sentencing came during an emotional 21-minute statement read by Moore, detailing the pain and loss he experienced since the accident.
According the the notebook of Debbie Dunlop, mom of pitcher Nathaniel and official team mother and scorekeeper, the team will ride in limousines Monday morning to the studio of radio station K-RTH (K-Earth) for a three-hour appearance during which the players will chose the music.
Birden caught nine passes during the preseason.
Neither quarterback distinguished himself during the summer, and Blundin threw his fourth preseason interception in a 24-3 loss in Buffalo on Friday night.
Even during the building frenzy of the mid-'80s it attracted little attention, despite its residential zoning.
The site -- opposite the Willowbrook Shopping Center and along a service road that parallels Route 46 -- was targeted during the mid-'80s construction surge for a 50,000-square-foot office structure that was never built.
CHIPPENDALE'S FOUNDER ADMITS CRIMES, AWAITS SENTENCING LOS ANGELES  (BC-CHIPPENDALE'S-FOUNDER-2Takes-LADN) Drawing on beefcake sex appeal during the disco era, Somen ``Steve'' Banerjee used the bump-and-grind of male dancers to turn a failing nightclub in the 1970s into a multimillion-dollar business.
``It became a multimillion-dollar business which my uncle was ultimately killed over.'' Officials said Banerjee had DeNoia murdered in April 1987 after a bitter legal dispute over the touring rights to the Chippendale's show, which drew at least $25,000 in weekly profits during the club's 1980s heyday.
I was thinking it was too bad somebody else wasn't on base (during Gordon's home run).'' Northridge had won 20 of 21 postseason games, including the U.S. championship game on Thursday.
``No matter how we're feeling, we'll find a way to win.'' Kiraly and Steffes had a brief scare during their morning match, as they locked in an 8-8 tie with Troy Tanner and Wes Welch.
Even during games, Northridge players remained loose.
Huge surges in listenership occur during crises such as the Persian Gulf war and now the controversies over Haitian and Cuban emigres.
While questioning the booklet's accuracy on several points -- most outrageously, it claimed that more than 130 people had frozen to death in the streets of Washington, D.C., during a blizzard last winter -- diplomats and human rights groups agreed that the response was the most impressive, point-by-point human rights rebuttal ever produced by the Chinese.
But Chavis had been at odds with the board often during his 16-month tenure, notably over his courting of black separatists like Louis Farrakhan of the Nation of Islam and his running up of more than $3 million in debt.
Ever since working-class Britons began traveling down to the sea to Blackpool and other towns during the late 19th century, in search of fun and diversions, the British holiday resort has offered them a steady if predictable diet: indifferent weather, cheap food and lodgings -- and laughs, lots and lots of laughs, supplied mostly by a stable of music hall comics who over the years have made a kind of sub-speciality of seaside humor.
........14.........104 	(Island/Dell, $6.99.) Racial tensions 	surface during a murder trial in rural 	Mississippi.
Sometimes the results are riveting, as in the segment describing a surprise birthday gala for Papp, during which, one onlooker observed, it appeared that ``there, in front of two thousand people, you were watching Joe in the process of working through his conflicting emotions.'' In other cases, the commentary is simply banal.
That it's so barren out there has maybe warped perspective.'' He couldn't help adding, however: ``It's not like we wouldn't consider it again.'' Davidson, who founded the Mark Taper Forum in Los Angeles in 1967, remembered that during the '60s, the decade in which the regional-theater movement took hold, the shows produced outside New York were largely lesser works by the greatest playwrights.
Most of the writers are men, and they are unsentimental about the enduring romance of Scarlett O'Hara and Rhett Butler.
Left alone, Amelia and Miss Kemp's other cat, Wilford, apparently tore the apartment apart during a dispute and Amelia, in an effort to escape Wilford, ripped through a window screen and leaped into an open space 40 feet below the the loft apartment, said Officer Philip Gatto of the First Precinct.
And he said that he had been asked to leave during a meeting Friday with the two top leaders of the association, Allan R.
Instead, it was triggered by a series of unpopular and unprofitable actions, ranging from the $15 million loss suffered from racing operations last year to less cosmic things like higher ticket prices at Saratoga, changes in the rules on scratching horses from races and management style during a time of political heat.
They allowed Lawrence to announce his own departure, which he did during a visit to the press box before the first race Sunday afternoon, and they declined to name a successor.
Tate said it may be hard for others to tell, but he's getting better and is able to stay alone in his apartment during the day.
So, the station manager and vice president, Ron Bergamo, decided that to maintain the station's stature and image during this network-less period, KSAZ's already substantial news operation had to be expanded drastically.
By contrast, a 401(k) plan provides one lump sum, the size of which is determined by how much the worker saved during his working years and how well he invested it.
In contrast to the professional money managers who invest for a traditional pension plan, many workers continue to shun stocks, the investment that has best outpaced inflation during the last 50 years.
16, has been reinforced by a series of economic figures during the last two weeks that pointed to less robust growth.
Huffington's blitz began early, during the Winter Olympics.
hattuck is hoping to restart the human rights discussions and has suggested a meeting with Chinese officials in New York during the annual session of the U.N. General Assembly in September, Chinese and American officials say.
During changeovers he doesn't get a book out of his tennis bag (he actually did that during one match).
Instead the fiery Floridian concentrates during changeovers on what he has to do next on the court, then does it.
Wei Jingsheng, China's leading democracy activist, who was harassed during Christopher's visit, soon after disappeared into the labyrinth of China's penal system and has not been heard from since.
``If Dorothy has a bad day during chemo, and he feels his place is to rock her or hold her hand, he will skip a debate,'' Ms. Reiley said.
The fact the team is even considering such options so close to the start of the regular season is an indication of how serious the team takes what happened to the defense during the preseason.
``Better, I think.'' Perez and Nefes Rivera Llamos, who left Cuba on a tourist visa two years ago to visit a daughter who had come during the Mariel boatlift, spend a lot of time at the Union of Cuban Exiles office.
Her daughter, from whom she had become estranged during their years apart, moved her family to Florida two months ago, leaving her alone.
``I'm a new governor,'' she said, during a news conference at a small women-owned business in the heart of this city's downtown area.
Whitman to pay back party leaders for help she received during her campaign.
He charmed us in Fort Worth during the 1992 Davis Cup finals.
Right tackles Bruce Wilkerson (foot) and Greg Skrepenak (ankle) suffered minor injuries during the exhibition season, so they might have kept veteran tackle Robert Jenkins around for insurance.
Included on the Raiders' 53-man roster were outside linebacker Rob Holmberg, a seventh-round pick out of Penn State who was considered a project, and defensive end John Duff, who was converted from tight end during training camp.
It's ghoulish, to be sure, but economists are used to facing ugly truths: Smokers also die young, so they don't recoup as much as nonsmokers in Social Security, Medicare and other programs for the elderly, even though they pay as much into those programs during their working years.
They can be found only in General Motors cars built during the past two years.
But they will be phased in by Ford and Chrysler during the next few years.
Alarmed by the danger and receiving heightened complaints from nearby residents, police officials and the Queens District Attorney's Office teamed up and sent undercover officers to attack the racers during the last two months.
``This practice is a clear and present danger to residents.'' Sunday, during a news conference in the courtyard of the 113 Precinct on 167-02 Baisley Boulevard in Springfield Gardens, Queens, police displayed the confiscated cars, which look like typical family cars, but have sophisticated and powerful engines under their hoods.
``We must roughly double our workforce quickly (during the next 12 to 18 months) and double it again in a similar period after that,'' Kenetech's president, Gerald Alderson, told shareholders in February.
``Many want to go back and understand it, and I think the Panthers play a role in that.'' Last year, major publishers released first-person accounts about the party by David Hilliard, former chief of staff, and Elaine Brown, who led the party during party leader Huey Newton's exile to Cuba.
But the 1989 death of Newton -- who was shot in West Oakland during an argument over drugs -- led some ex-Panthers to seek new ways to transmit the hope and faith that brought them together in the turbulent '60s.
The players had only one day off during their 17-day odyssey.
Nebraska and West Virginia were the only teams undefeated during the last regular season, but yesterday's exercise redefined the phrase, ``That was then, this is now.'' The 11 losers have gone on to average a 7-5 record.
Recalls Arledge, ``When ``Monday Night Football'' first started, I used to come into my office, and literally there were boxes of mail saying, `Get that guy off.''' By the time Cosell left after the 1983 season, ``Monday Night Football'' had been on the air longer than prime-time heavyweights such as ``I Love Lucy,'' ``MASH'' and ``All in the Family.'' ``In the early years, ``Monday Night Football'' was a happening,'' says Dennis Lewin, ABC senior vice president of production who worked as a producer and co-producer on the Monday night telecasts during the 1970s.
``This is why we went at the NFL: NBC sort of had a stranglehold on college football,'' says Bill MacPhail, who headed CBS's sports division during the formative NFL television years.
-- Employees can relax or exercise during the work day.
As was the case during the 1980 exodus from the port of Mariel, Castro, playing a weak hand with consummate skill, is now dictating the course and tempo of events while Washington, with far more resources at its disposal, struggles to respond.
........14.........104 	(Island/Dell, $6.99.) Racial tensions 	surface during a murder trial in rural 	Mississippi.
Huge surges in listenership occur during crises such as the Persian Gulf war and now the controversies over Haitian and Cuban emigres.
Inside, they say, are maps of Delaware in the bathrooms, Delaware license plates on the walls, Delaware trivia questions on the radio during promotions.
It isn't true, said David Tucci, a franchise owner who was reached by phone during a lunch hour recently.
A few months back, conservative Roman Catholic and evangelical leaders pledged to work more closely on certain social issues and, during much of this summer, Pope John Paul II and various Islamic theologians have spoken in the same deeply critical tones about the alleged moral dangers posed by an international conference on population growth.
Ever since working-class Britons began traveling down to the sea to Blackpool and other towns during the late 19th century, in search of fun and diversions, the British holiday resort has offered them a steady if predictable diet: indifferent weather, cheap food and lodgings -- and laughs, lots and lots of laughs, supplied mostly by a stable of music hall comics who over the years have made a kind of sub-speciality of seaside humor.
While questioning the booklet's accuracy on several points -- most outrageously, it claimed that more than 130 people had frozen to death in the streets of Washington, D.C., during a blizzard last winter -- diplomats and human rights groups agreed that the response was the most impressive, point-by-point human rights rebuttal ever produced by the Chinese.
Her fellow writers were nearly mute during the two months she spent as a fugitive from a government arrest warrant for blasphemy.
But Chavis had been at odds with the board often during his 16-month tenure, notably over his courting of black separatists like Louis Farrakhan of the Nation of Islam and his running up of more than $3 million in debt.
And while the polls show Wilson currently only neck and neck with Brown and the governor's job performance rating the lowest in modern history, Gorton is all confidence during these dog days of summer before the real campaigning has begun.
``I think we have a winning way of doing things, a winning message,'' Gorton said during an interview at the Wilson headquarters two blocks from the Capitol.
Enduring democracy demands an accounting from those who would govern, nor can it tolerate for long the unchallenged deceit of electronic demagoguery, as syndicated columnist David Broder called it, that is corrupting the public discourse and breeding a sense of resignation and cynicism throughout the land.
Alfonse D'Amato during the first phase of congressional hearings.
Another former top aide, who during his years at the institute uncovered data that challenged Pauling's theories, has accused institute staff of losing or discarding his research records -- including numerous computer tapes and 50 file drawers of documents.
To help them continue during the strike, the company is conducting simulated major league play from sophisticated probability models.
RWANDA GORILLAS APPEAR SAFE FROM CIVIL WAR FIGHTING NAIROBI, Kenya  (BC-GORILLA-SCI-581&ADD-NYT) Nearly all of the 60 rare mountain gorillas under daily scientific observation in Rwanda were found alive by researchers this month after fears that they might have been harmed during the civil war.
Employees bring out two varieties of one kind of tea; during an early spring visit, it was a hot cinnamon-apple concoction.
Her childhood was spent in Manhattan in New York City during the 1920s.
Before a prospective juror gets even to answer a lawyer's question during the selection process, he or she will fill out a questionnaire of 50 pages or more, designed for the most part by the jury selection consultants hired by each side.
The idea is to give lawyers an indication during recesses of how things are going.
	A former leader of a grass-roots peasant movement in Haiti's remote Northwestern District and a close friend of the Aristide, Vincent was killed by unidentified gunmen in a jeep during a heavy rainstorm at about 8:30 on Sunday.
``I would do nearly anything to see one of them alive,'' Stein Hunt said during the Monterey dive.
Navratilova, three times a president during the 1980s, defeated the incumbent president, Pam Shriver, who also happens to be her former doubles partner.
Most of the girls at Camp Shelter have been sponsored by a local DAR, or Daughters of the American Revolution, group, and they are required to give the occasional patriotic (and anti-Communist) speech during dinner.
On rare occasions patients wake up during surgery.
It was the worst experience of my life.'' Fortunately, the vast majority of patients -- even those few who experience some level of awareness during operations -- feel no pain while under general anesthesia and tend not to remember anything afterward.
But the fact that some people do regain consciousness during surgery, coupled with an inability to reliably measure or even define consciousness, has prompted a number of anesthesiologists to venture out of the operating room and into the research laboratory to find out just what anesthetics do to people's brains.
Those patients receive heavier doses of opiates to kill pain and other drugs to induce amnesia, but they may still have some awareness during the operation.
An awake, conscious brain produces 40-hertz signals, but during anesthesia, he said, this signal is attenuated or disorganized.
In fact, administrators weed out men and women looking for sex during the membership application process.
In his early teens, Combs developed a lifelong love for flying and, by his mid-20s, had his own business (Combs Aircraft) before taking leave to develop pilot training programs for the military during World War II.
But Combs never stopped thinking about writing more books -- novels this time, the kind of Old West tales he'd loved listening to for years when he sat around campfires with friends during hunting trips and other outdoor expeditions.
Polish-born filmmaker Krzysztof Kieslowski has built his trilogy on these iconic colors, with ``Three Colors: White'' (equality) and ``Three Colors: Red'' (brotherhood) scheduled for release during the next several months.
At the root of these arguments is one of Britain's more emotional and enduring political debates: to whom, exactly, does rural Britain belong?
``I found out something during the shooting of this movie,'' Cartwright said.
Everett had been in the 1st Michigan Cavalry during the Civil War and settled here after that conflict.
Fehr says he and other top officials are forgoing their salaries during the strike.
``The union's attitude is that the (exemption) is a bad law and ought to be repealed,'' said Steve Fehr, who is helping his brother Don during the strike.
Shot out of first place by ``NBK,'' second-ranked ``Forrest Gump'' should reclaim the top spot during the coming Labor Day holiday.
It's unlikely that the challenging -- to say the least -- ``NBK'' will enjoy such low attendance erosion during its second weekend frame.
This thought hits you about 20 minutes into ``NBK,'' which was the nation's No. 1 film during the weekend.
Wall Street analysts expect a new sales surge to drive up computer companies' stocks during the second half of the year.
Vincent was wounded in the head in 1987 when he went to the aid of Aristide as he was attacked by machete-wielding thugs during a campaign appearance.
Ironically, many who enlisted in the peasant movement were brought there during the July 1987 massacre of its members by the Ton-ton Macoutes, the army of thugs employed by then-dictator Henri Namphy.
You can hear the sounds of children playing or watching television upstairs, but I didn't find their presence intrusive during my stay.
At the same time, Letterman's influence has become obvious all around the clock, not just during the late-night shift.
``I don't have much of a life, but I wouldn't have much of a life if he was in a nursing home because I'd be there all the time.'' Her relief comes at night -- when her husband sleeps soundly, straight through -- and during the two visits a week from Mrs.
One example is a meeting she holds on Wednesday afternoons at 5 o'clock for eight veteran Democrats who come to the White House to secretly trade information, advice and gossip gleaned at the cocktail parties and business meetings during the week.
``Alexis is talented, smart, aggressive, and she doesn't get herself associated with losers,'' said Ernest Green, the managing director of Lehman Brothers, who knows Clinton from Arkansas and worked with Ms. Herman at the Department of Labor during the Carter administration.
Buck, who announces St. Louis Cardinals games, and Thom Brennaman, who does Chicago Cubs games, have shifted gears from filling time during lazy-paced baseball to working mainly to set up their analysts.
``Jimmy Johnson, in the flesh!'' Bradshaw shrieked, teasing him for appearing by satellite from Florida the previous two weeks, as he will for several weeks during the season.
``Sure there's anxiety, but we take for granted everything will work and be fine,'' said Summerall, who nearly got tangled up in wires during the game.
A priest in Vincent's order, the Congregation of Montfortin Fathers, said he was killed by unidentified gunmen in a jeep about 8:30 p.m. as he waited for a double gate to be opened into the courtyard during a heavy rainstorm.
Vincent saved Aristide's life during pre-election violence on Aug.
That's because the city has saved money during the strike by not having to move the bleachers in and out -- plus, the 49ers have already agreed to pick up any possible cost overruns.
While he put on a serving clinic in the third set, Ivanisevic faltered again during a pivotal game in the fourth, and lost his serve and the match in the 12th game when Zoecke blasted a backhand pass out of reach.
Chen Yunpeng, the national swimming coach, said in an interview during the past weekend that he cares less about winning gold medals in Rome than he does about getting his swimmers ready for the 1996 Summer Games in Atlanta.
But the mail carriers, who are members of the National Association of Letter Carriers, now say that the demands and dangers of their work, from harsh weather to delivering mail in high-crime areas, require special attention during negotiations.
Frank Brennan Jr., a spokesman for the Postal Service, said that by the end of 1994, 176 billion pieces of mail will have been delivered during the year, with about the same size staff that existed in 1979, when 120 billion pieces were delivered.
Even Brown's visit, with its see-no-evil theme of ``commercial engagement,'' seems to have become the occasion for a new mini-crackdown, just in case anybody planned to publicize human rights abuses during his presence.
Shapiro said such an order was ``long overdue.'' On the question of the evidence in the sealed envelope that was delivered to the court during a preliminary hearing, the judge said that a hearing Wednesday to review the sharing of evidence between the prosecution and the defense would be an appropriate time to open it.
And when Seles was stabbed from behind during a changeover in Hamburg, Germany, she was to women's tennis what Jordan was to basketball.
The virtues of rock music during changeovers.
So silly and irrelevant are these issues that they offer Andre Agassi, of all people, to remind us that tennis' problems have more to do what happens during the games, not between them.
Overall spending on welfare in the city is 20 percent lower than in 1975 after adjustment for inflation, while the number of families on welfare has increased by 6 percent during the same time.
To oversee the combined company during the merger transition, Federated and Macy have created an office of the chairman.
Meeting with about 10 officers during a midday roll call, she was questioned about whether the measure would have any real impact since criminals will be able to get the weapons.
``Nothing.'' ``You look over my career, I hardly even played much in preseason,'' said the quarterback, who completed fewer than half his passes during the Jets' four exhibition games.
He and Reeves got together Monday morning in an emotional meeting during which Reeves told Bailey about his status and that he would have to take a 50 percent cut in pay.
Brian O'Dwyer, the lawyer for Robinson and his family, Monday said the idea that Del-Debbio had been wounded during the course of his shooting of Robinson ``would not be inconsistent with what we know,'' He said it might in part account for what Robinson has said was a pause between shots from Del-Debbio's gun.
He got his big chance after Bruce Presley suffered a separated shoulder during a 31-21 loss to Boston College.
But they lost nine defensive starters to injury during the season and gave up 334 points.
SIMPSON ATTORNEYS ASK FOR DETECTIVE'S PERSONNEL FILES LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-KILLINGS-2Takes-LADN) Attorneys for O.J. Simpson have insisted that they be allowed access to personnel files for a Los Angeles Police Department detective they claim is a racist and a liar whose credibility can be challenged during trial.
Keep in mind, the SWC was at its basketball zenith during ESPN's infancy.
In fact, it has gotten to a point that even during so-called idle time, Hatchell finds himself reading media columns, or turning to the business page to look for advertising and marketing trends that might apply to television.
The weight took away his agility at shortstop, and he hit just .247 with 14 extra-base hits in 243 at-bats during three seasons on the Rangers' summer Dominican Republic team.
Santana, in the Drillers' 3-1 victory, lived up to the scouting reports that have been crossing Kennedy's desk during the season.
Adams began the visits during his 60-day suspension period.
A priest in Vincent's order, the Congregation of Montfortain Fathers, said he was killed by unidentified gunmen in a jeep about 8:30 p.m. as he waited for a double gate to be opened into the courtyard during a heavy rainstorm.
Vincent saved Aristide's life during pre-election violence on Aug.
Pinkney already has been suspended for Saturday's season opener against Pittsburgh, along with roommate Mike Adams, for accepting free use of a rental car for five weeks -- at a value of $1,000 -- during May and June.
``Now the real work begins.'' A rookie free agent from Louisiana Tech, Boniol made 5 of 6 field-goal attempts during preseason.
COWBOYS OFFER DEAL TO GARY IRVING, Texas  (BC-FBN-COWBOYS-GARY-TEX) Lincoln Coleman plans to be on stage today to be introduced as a member of the Cowboys during the team's annual Kickoff Luncheon.
Rivera said the teacher told the truth during his job interview when he said he had never been convicted of a crime, since he was found not guilty by reason of insanity.
``Our lawyers are certain that if we tried to take away his job, we would undoubtedly be sued and and he would win.'' Rivera said LAUSD officials learned of the teacher's history sometime during the past year after he had begun working through a fingerprint check routinely conducted on all new employees.
``I think we got up at 4:30 a.m. today,'' said Debbie Dunlap, mother of player Nathaniel Dunlap, 12, and the official ``team mom'' during the World Series.
--More than $43,000 was made by employees and others through such ``illict transactions,'' the investigation found, during the five-year period the investigators reviewed.
It was a trip he had made numerous times during the 17 years he had worked there.
``If it happened several times a day, you wouldn't be calling me to discuss it.'' Even hardened New Yorkers were devastated when a gunman opened fire during rush hour on the The Long Island Railroad some time ago, randomly killing several people.
Irving Thalberg has come down to posterity through the vague, diffused image captured in Scott Fitzgerald's The Last Tycoon -- half Thalberg, half Fitzgerald imagining he's Thalberg -- and the even vaguer rubric of the Irving Thalberg Award, occasionally given to distinguished producers during the Oscars.
``There isn't one thing that's said between pages 36 and 43 that's funny or entertaining,'' Thalberg snarled at director Edmund Goulding during a script conference.
A full minute went by as Marx searched his memory and finally came up with ``Never.'' Despite Thalberg's enormous power and prestige during his lifetime, the hard fact of the matter is that most of his movies seem dull today.
``I'm sure he can help the team doing both,'' said Lynch, who saw Frost play during spring practice.
``I've been here 6 1-2 years and during that time I've seen the poverty worsen and the numbers of dying increase,'' the nun said.
We don't have to live with these people.'' Although they were not mentioned during the debate on Hayden's measure, two sexual harassment lawsuits have been filed by legislative employees this year.
The British-born Franklin, who turned 80 this summer, performed a mind-boggling assortment of roles during his long stage career.
His flesh is pink and naturally picks up the light -- one of the benefits, he claims, of sweating profusely during his workouts.
But Murray and Herrnstein have looked more closely at the scores for white students alone, and those scores decreased just as sharply during the long decline as the scores for the whole test population.
Moreover, because the proportion of minority test-takers was increasing during that time, the white pool was, if anything, growing more selective rather than less.
The British-born Franklin, who turned 80 this summer, performed a mind-boggling assortment of roles during his long stage career.
McCabe said he opened on Sundays during the track season and was glad he did.
Q: Whatever happened to Jules Bergman and Frank Reynolds, two of the newscasters during the Apollo moon landing?
--C.S., Fort Worth A: Both veteran TV journalists died during the 1980s.
Frank Reynolds, the anchorman on ABC's ``World News Tonight'' from 1978 to 1983, was an Emmy and Peabfffody award winner during a 30-year career.
In fact, although some nutrients are lost during cooking, minimal cooking often results in better digestion and makes the nutrients more available for use by the body.
``In fact, the greatest nutrient loss in vegetables happens during cooking.'' Nutrients are lost in two ways: Those that are water-soluble, like vitamin C, the B vitamins and many minerals, are often poured down the drain in the leftover water.
Or gazpacho could have been invented by the Moors (or the Spaniards) during the wars in Spain as a rather sophisticated field ration.
	JAPAN-COMFORT-WOMEN (Tokyo) -- In an atoning for one of its most brutal wartime abuses, Japan is expected to commit $1 billion to compensate, at least symbolically, tens of thousands of women from Korea and other nations who were forced to provide sex for Japanese soldiers during World War II.
You'd like to think Dolan wouldn't take personally the intense maneuvering by Gutkowski during the cable wars back in 1988-89.
Any extra females hormones -- or chemicals that mimic their effects -- during this time could disrupt normal development.
``It is at its most interesting during the holidays.'' Mrs.
In findings he reported last year in The British Journal of Psychiatry, Mortensen discovered that during the first year after patients in the late 1980s were released from the hospital, the rate of suicide among them was 56 percent higher than for patients treated in the early 1970s, when hospital stays were longer.
Drawing on records that describe any complications during childbirth, they will search the country's psychiatric records to establish the degree to which such problems increase the risk of developing mental illness later in life.
Manzi acknowledged with reluctance that he is a tribal Tsutsi, the group which won the horrendous civil war over their Hutu rivals, but hastensed to point out that the new government in Kigali was ``one of reconciliation.'' 	JAPAN TRIES TO ATONE FOR FORCING WOMEN INTO PROSTITUTION 	TOKYO (NYT) -- In an atoning for one of its most brutal wartime abuses, Japan is expected to commit $1 billion to compensate, at least symbolically, tens of thousands of women from Korea and other nations who were forced to provide sex for Japanese soldiers during World War II.
Yet between, and sometimes during, its leers, Aerosmith brings intelligence and wit to music that never forgets to be stupid fun.
A SOBERING LOOK AT THE '60S  (BC-FILM-BABY-TEX) The key difference between The Drifters, the crooning harmony group of the 1960s, and the work of an angry young Bob Dylan during those same years is precisely the difference between romantic escapism and harsh confrontation.
This is a concern common to all generations, but it is intensified by the deceptively nostalgic period setting, and by Mutrux's savvy understanding of the complications that beset American society during the early 1960s.
Tate said it may be hard for others to tell, but he's getting better and is able to stay alone in his apartment during the day.
Benjamin's appetite for quirky material has connected him with more misses than hits during the dozen years since his debut as a director on the immensely popular ``My Favorite Year'' (1982).
And, although formal U.S.-Cuban diplomatic relations were severed during the Cold War, this is also a time for diplomacy, something that has appeared to be in short supply too long on this side of the Florida straits.
John Conyers of Michigan, who complained during the crime debate that it was easier for his constituents to get guns than it was to get jobs.
And at the height of the summer, there were so many visitors to the hall during the day, when students from the Tanglewood Music Center rehearsed there, that the musicians complained that they were distracted and signs were posted saying that the rehearsals were private.
And during a concert of Brahms choral music on Friday afternoon, one could look out the hall's open back at a lawn full of listeners, the sun hanging lazily over them.
Several of the musicians said that they were consulted during the designing of the hall too.
She did say, however, that Guerlain would spend during the next 15 months ``the same amount as many large fragrance launches.'' Plans call for buying almost 200 ad pages in the October through December issues of the 10 magazines, she added, ``and doubling that'' during 1995, as well as spending generously to introduce another fragrance in 1996.
The tall, rather reserved Larsen and the genial Bagneris met in 1978, during the pianist's second visit to New Orleans, where he performed at the annual Jazz and Heritage Festival.
The tall, rather reserved Larsen and the genial Bagneris met in 1978, during the pianist's second visit to New Orleans, where he performed at the annual Jazz and Heritage Festival.
That fall Fox Broadcasting bought all those episodes, broadcasting them late on Saturday nights and during prime time on Tuesdays.
``On Saturdays our ratings have improved by 70 percent, and on Tuesdays, even though ABC is far and away the leader, we beat NBC among adults 18 to 49 week in and week out against regular programming during the third quarter.'' Everyone at Tales From the Crypt Productions is hoping that 1995 will be the year of the Crypt Keeper.
But Augustine, in an interesting slip, called it ``Martin Lockheed'' during a news conference Tuesday.
In Washington, D.C., for instance, suspensions have declined over five years to 27 during the 1993-94 school year from 52 during 1988-89, the first year of the policy.
And she had died during what came to be called ``the Osage reign of terror.'' The terror began in 1921, when an Osage woman was found at the bottom of a canyon with a bullet in her head.
As a result, students comprise nearly a third of its governing council, which has authority over all decisions except during emergencies.
The proposed merger deserves the strongest possible scrutiny by either the Federal Trade Commission or the antitrust division of the Justice Department, which needs to show it has recovered from somnolence during the Reagan and Bush administrations.
In this case, the oil was from the ship's bilge, where fuel and lubricating oil accumulate and mix with sea water leaking into the ship during normal operation.
He coached both during their first two years on the tour.
JAPAN TO OFFER `REPARATIONS' OVER WORLD WAR II BROTHELS TOKYO  (BC-JAPAN-COMFORT-WOMEN-575&ADDS-NYT) Seeking to resolve an issue that still haunts its dealings with its neighbors, Japan has decided to commit $1 billion to programs intended as symbolic compensation to tens of thousands of women from Korea and other nations who were forced to have sex with Japanese soldiers during World War II.
The plan is the latest in a series of grudging steps by Japan to acknowledge the scope of its wartime brutality, including the vast network of military brothels that it established from China to Southeast Asia to the South Pacific during the war.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Japan has in general had trouble coming to grips with its behavior during the war.
Last year, President Kim Young-sam of South Korea said that his nation would not ask for financial compensation from Tokyo if Japan fully admitted what it did during the war.
At the very least, it afforded Fox the chance to later, very publicly, do the right thing by delaying its telecast while profiting from running the film during the critical November ratings period.
In lining up such loans, Wall Street has no intention of putting its own capital at risk, a business it flirted with briefly -- with disastrous results -- during the 1980s takeover boom, only to find itself losing millions of dollars on temporary or so-called bridge loans that went sour.
Such revenue gains implies a robust economy during the period covered, but collections have little, if any, value in predicting future economic conditions, analysts said.
Hanson, who during the Simmons proxy fight was chief executive of the California Public Employees Retirement System and an unhappy Lockheed shareholder, said that since the takeover fight, ``Lockheed has been one of the better companies in terms of doing outreach with shareholders.
Most of that has come from Dan Tellep.'' And during the last five months, Augustine said, he and Tellep ``have rediscovered what we knew -- that we share similar values and philosophy.'' It is a pairing that received instant respect and admiration on Wall Street.
If the company's West Coast base wasn't insurmountable during World War II (when geographic obstacles were much greater than they are today), why should it now concern Lockheed Chairman Daniel Tellep?
If the company's West Coast base wasn't insurmountable during World War II (when geographic obstacles were much greater than they are today), why should it now concern Lockheed Chairman Daniel Tellep?
Five double faults were the only glitch in the Graf arsenal during her 6-2, 6-1 dismissal of 19-year-old Anne Mall, a 139th-ranked Californian who had never before appeared in a Grand Slam.
But Travis insisted during two days on the witness stand this week that the idea of killing came from his only close friend, Todd Thompson, 16, who also died the night of the Travis slayings.
After the stabbings, Travis said he went to sleep in his own bed, his left arm throbbing from cuts he received during the fray.
Christopher, is regarded as a modest but important step by Western officials concerned about the deterioration of human rights conditions in China during the last three months.
The nine victims of the earlier incident were killed during the Gulf war.
The nine victims of the earlier incident were killed during the Gulf war.
The nine victims of the earlier incident were killed during the Gulf war.
WOMAN RAPED IN SUBWAY PRESSES AN UNUSUAL LAWSUIT NEW YORK  (BC-NY-RAPE-SUIT-845-(2TAKES)-NYT) Adjusting the earphones of her Walkman, the young administrative assistant entered the subway at 40th Street and the Avenue of the Americas during rush hour to go home to New Jersey.
We went because during America's recent flirtation with international soccer we were sensitized to other athletic traditions.
We went because during America's recent flirtation with international soccer we were sensitized to other athletic traditions.
Texas Instruments and E-Systems finished the day higher, pushed on by news reports that Lockheed and Martin were targeting the electronics companies at one point during their deliberations.
The incident occurred during the second week of a police program in which volunteers keep on the lookout for crime as they go about their recreation in the park.
Michael Durham, American's senior vice president for finance and chief financial officer, told Wall Street analysts on Tuesday during a conference call that the new round of cutbacks are part of a program called ``Reinventing the Headquarters.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) American's goal is to reduce headquarters operating costs by 20 percent to 30 percent, Durham said during the conference call.
Chairman Robert Crandall and other senior executives have repeatedly stated during the last six months that additional cutbacks were all but certain.
Junior Jeff Buckey, whose work at right guard a year ago drew frequent raves from Walsh, was moved right tackle during spring ball.
When asked how the eye was damaged, Kaufman said Monday that he had been poked during football practice.
There was talk of a golf competition at Augusta during the upcoming 1996 Olympic Games at Atlanta, but when the International Olympic Committee began to look into that civil-rights record, the invitation was withdrawn by mutual consent of the club and the IOC.
My catlike instincts will be slowed down a bit.'' Portugal hasn't lost his sense of humor during these agonizing weeks of rehabilitation.
At that point, the USOC was, in the words of spokesman Mike Moran, ``close to bankruptcy.'' ABC had a provision to reduce its $225 million rights fees if the ratings weren't satisfactory -- a provision that proved unnecessary when the Games drew a 23.2 rating during a record 82 prime-time hours.
``The NBA Finals used to be winding up during the May sweeps period,'' says Kevin O'Malley, senior vice president of programming for Turner Sports.
The Coliseum incurred heavy structural damage during the Jan.
The decision will be made during a hearing in which Ito will monitor the progress made by both sides in providing certain information about the case to the other side.
New coach Barry Switzer hinted at his personal mission during the record-brief news conference that proceeded the luncheon.
Jasper, a Class 2A standout from Troup, arrived as an inside linebacker, moved to defensive end last fall and shifted full-time to nose guard during two-a-days.
Following is a conversation during which Casillas attempts to shed some light on his odd and eventful off-season: Question: What was the real reason you didn't report to Kansas City?
Following is a conversation during which Casillas attempts to shed some light on his odd and eventful off-season: Question: What was the real reason you didn't report to Kansas City?
In one case, four teachers and a school principal removed Madeline L'Engle's classic book ``A Wrinkle in Time'' from the fifth-grade reading list after parents in San Bernardino County complained that it was ``satanic.'' A showing of the Luis Valdez film ``Zoot Suit,'' which explores prejudice against Chicanos during World War II, was canceled in a San Diego County high school classroom after school officials said it contained ``excessive violence.'' The teacher was suspended with pay, although she had followed the district's policy for showing R-rated films and had required students to obtain written parental permission.
The west side of the island is 1,000 square miles of mangrove swamps divided by shallow bights and channels, and pitted with ``blue holes,'' circular drop-offs more than 350 feet deep, formed by the collapse of caves during the ice age.
II carries 80 people a trip during those months; in winter, as few as eight may be on board.
The cartoonists will sell their works and pen a few originals during the cocktail hour.
The attorneys are posturing for the camera during court hearings.
TERRIBLE TRIO JUST NEED TO GET OVER IT  (BC-SANDERS-COLUMN-TEX) The message on the T-shirt succinctly expressed my feelings about all the whining I've heard from Capitol Hill and on talk radio during the past few months, and especially the last couple of weeks: BUSH LOST GET OVER IT Republican leaders in Congress are a pathetic lot, fighting anything they believe might give President Clinton some credit.
Cars are my life.'' (Though I would be the wrong person to criticize Allen for that.) Fans of ``Home Improvement'' will enjoy ``Naked Man.'' There are few deep thoughts here; it's mostly just little page-long, semi-related snippets that you suspect Allen dictated into a tape recorder during his drive home.
But what has all of that got to do with a great big candy puff like ``Prince Igor,'' which the City Opera will present on Saturday evening, during the opening week of its new season?
The only real dramatic episode takes place during that little dialogue between the bass arias when Ovlur steps out of the shadows to propose the escape plan to Igor.
So for those who want to soak up their nega undisturbed, and to insure the successful suspension of their moral indignation, I offer a catalogue of things one must not think about during a performance of ``Prince Igor.'' To begin with, one must not recall that all during the opera's 18-year gestation, its plot was being re-enacted in real life.
Any extra females hormones -- or chemicals that mimic their effects -- during this time could disrupt normal development.
The nine victims of the earlier incident were killed during the Gulf war.
The nine victims of the earlier incident were killed during the Gulf war.
The nine victims of the earlier incident were killed during the Gulf war.
``But all kinds of things go on during the season.
They also question the $849 you charged the government for travel, meals and lodging during your two-day trip.
Bill Clinton's low standing in public opinion surveys and predictions that the Democrats will suffer heavy losses in November raise an important question: How would we fare if Republicans were to control the House and/or Senate during the remainder of Clinton's term?
Joseph Stone, who, some years after his stint in the district attorney's office, became a judge (he is now retired), unearthed much of the information and presented it during a nine-month grand jury investigation.
The amount of real instruction and guidance that he gave us all -- a sense of the characters and the background, but also the essence of each scene, what's important dramatically in terms of the characters' needs -- was strong, and yet in terms of choices in blocking and pacing and all those things, he's hands off.'' Dowling, who was considered a bit of a maverick during his tenures in the 1970s and 80s as artistic director of the Abbey and Gaiety theaters in Dublin, says he has his reasons.
Employment at his plant peaked at 30,000 in 1930 before the Depression and rose again to 28,000 during World War II.
In an effort to deprive the Castro government of dollars at a time when the Cuban economy is in ruin, the Clinton administration last week banned Cuban-Americans from sending money to relatives here or bringing cash to them during visits to Havana.
``It's something he could never have taken advantage of during the summer.'' The players, Gibson said, are hardly languishing.
``It's something he could never have taken advantage of during the summer.'' The players, Gibson said, are hardly languishing.
Angus became chief of the employment section under William Bradford Reynolds, a hardline conservative who headed the civil rights division during Ronald Reagan's administration.
SEOUL, South Korea  (BC-FOREIGN-BRIEFS-NYT) South Korean women hurled eggs and shouted slogans in front of the Japanese embassy Wednesday, angrily rejecting as inadequate a $1 billion Japanese plan to finance cultural and student exchanges as atonement for forcing up to 200,000 women to have sex with Japanese soldiers during World War II.
CHALLENGES TO SCHOOL CURRICULA AND BOOKS ON THE RISE WASHINGTON  (BC-CENSORSHIP-SCHOOLS-HNS) People for the American Way said Wednesday that attempts at censorship in public education increased during the last school year, with a record 462 incidents reported nationally.
OBSTACLES REMAIN DESPITE IRA PEACE DECLARATION LONDON  (BC-IRISH-620&add-COX) A dispute over language and the hostility and suspicion marked by the blood of thousands of victims during 25 years of strife still stand in the way of a permanent peace in Northern Ireland.
Angus became chief of the employment section under William Bradford Reynolds, a hardline conservative who headed the civil rights division during Ronald Reagan's administration.
``Now hold your cards up,'' the grandmas say during games of ``Go Fish.'' ``And don't you peek at your sister's hand.
``Back to the Batcave'' (Berkley, $12) proves to be a candid and perceptive internal monologue that puts the reader convincingly behind the scenes during a breakthrough period because ``Batman'' established West as a cultural icon while rendering his greater versatility almost beside the point.
``If we're opening the door to Vietnam and North Korea, what in the world are we doing not talking to this guy (Castro) who's 91 miles away?'' asked Simpson during an appearance on CNN.
Even when Siddig Ali's deal with the government fell through, Mukasey ruled that he could no longer be defended by Kunstler because his interests and those of Elgabrowny could conflict during the trial.
The Treptow statue, dedicated in 1949, was inspired by the story of a Russian soldier who rescued a lost German girl during the final days of the war.
Scorsese talks about spinach and other traumas, Cutler about the independent filmmaker's constant sense of impending doom, and Stillman about sleep deprivation and avoiding fireworks tossed at the cameraman by exuberant Spaniards during the shooting of his latest film, ``Barcelona.'' Much of the programming will be devoted to the work of established independents.
Coach Colin Campbell accidentally revealed the deal during a sports luncheon at the Rockefeller Center Club on Wednesday afternoon.
While fielding questions from the audience, Leetch was asked about a possible work stoppage during training camp, which begins next week.
Anderson made a name for himself as a cinema rebel during the 1960s and '70s.
 (BC-POPLIFE-2NDTAKE-NYT) Fans got a surprise during the Meat Puppets' opening set for the Stone Temple Pilots on Monday night at the Beacon.
``But if they move the way they moved with the food, by the end of my career, it will be a pleasure to play here.'' About the only questions Medvedeva had to answer were the ones that came during her match.
The balance from that program, $290.3 million, will be expended during the fourth quarter, a company spokesman said, before the authority to buy $6 billion worth of additional shares takes effect.
Many women and children died during childbirth.
Grant made his headquarters here during the Battle of Shiloh.
Hardwoods mixed among shortleaf pines create a stunning display during the foliage season, late October to mid-November.
Philadelphia Coach Rich Kotite said Cunningham was fine and threw during a workout on Monday; Cunningham said he had not thrown at all this week.
``I've got to be hearing the shofar during the Hebrew month of Elul.
Others rabbis will speak during the holidays on themes like Israel, anti-Semitism and the acceptance of personal responsibility, and Rabbi Tucker plans to touch on some of those issues, but in other sermons.
TOY MAKER GETS LESSON IN STOCK RUN-UPS NEW YORK  (BC-SFM-MARKETPLACE-420&ADD-NYT) David Segal has gotten some insight into the way the stock market works during the last few weeks.
Dave Durenberger, R-Minn., a member of the coalition, said Wednesday: ``The mainstream proposal is the main vehicle for staff discussions about incremental health care reform during the Congressional recess.
SEOUL WOMEN 1/3(BU)(BU)PROTEST OFFER BY JAPANESE ON WAR SEX SEOUL, South Korea  (BC-JAPAN-COMFORT-WOMEN-ART-440&ADD-NYT) South Korean women hurled eggs and shouted slogans in front of the Japanese Embassy Wednesday, angrily rejecting as inadequate a $1 billion Japanese plan to finance cultural and student exchanges as atonement for forcing up to 200,000 women to have sex with Japanese soldiers during World War II.
Japan has avoided payment of such compensation out of fear that it would encourage demands for money from the hundreds of thousands of people who suffered at the hands of the Japanese military during the war, including prisoners of war and others used as forced labor.
Japan had conscripted tens of thousands of Koreans during the decade it went to war against its Asian neighbors, and used them as forced labor in lands Japan conquered throughout Asia, including the southern half of Russia's Sakhalin Island, which was then a Japanese colony.
Another unresolved issue not included in the plan announced Wednesday is that of Taiwan residents who saytthey were not paid for work they were forced to carry out for Japanese occupiers during the war, or who were forced to invest in savings accounts controlled by Japan's wartime government and who never got their money back.
In 1972, during a cease-fire, he was flown to London for talks with British officials that failed.
He came to New York only once during the 1992 campaign after leaving the Democratic National Convention at Madison Square Garden in Manhattan, said John A.
31, Computer City's totals will include eight Computer City Express locations-five of which will open during 1994.
``The struggle is not over,'' Gerry Adams, the head of Sinn Fein, the IRA's political arm, told hundreds gathered outside his headquarters during the afternoon.
Before delegates consider legislation that would create positions for athletes on five significant NCAA committees and permit scholarship recipients to earn up to $1,500 through legitimate employment during the academic year, ``For the Glory'' should be mandatory reading.
``There's an enormous amount of warmth among the people here,'' she said during Wednesday's wake.
After serving in Army Intelligence during World War II, he bought a radio station and formed Metromedia.
Travis sobbed during the trial when he was shown photos of the nude body of his mother, who suffered 13 stab wounds.
Defense lawyers said during closing arguments that Travis, who was considered a ``wimp'' by other students at West Brook High School here, was dominated by Thompson and was unable to tell his friend that he didn't want to kill his parents.
In his day-long trip, Graham said he had also learned that ``there is evidence that criminals have been unloaded on the United States.'' They have been released from Cuban jails and put on boats, he said, in a small-scale repeat of what the Cuban government did during the 1980 Mariel boat lift with prisoners and mental patients.
Graham said the former prisoners had been segregated from the other Cuban refugees and were being kept in a concrete block warehouse that had been used to store ammunition during World War II.
Wall Street has reacted to Time Warner's performance in lukewarm fashion during the last year.
RULING AWAY CHIPS AT TI PATENT POWERS DALLAS  (BC-FUJITSU-TEX) Texas Instruments, the technology giant that has garnered more than $1 billion in patent royalties during the past three years, has lost one of the linchpins of its intellectual property success in a Japanese court this week.
Bob Graham, D-Fla., said that during his visit Wednesday to the Guantanamo Bay Naval Station, where more than 13,000 Cubans are being held, he saw that 100 Cubans believed to be former prisoners were being held in an ammunition storage installation.
``I don't think the names are out there that you used to see, and therefore the matches aren't there.'' 	The yearning for a player with a personality strong enough to elicit love or hate was most evident during the final match of Monday night's session.
As Richey Reneberg and Boris Becker battled through a grueling fifth set, the Stadium Court crowd repeatedly chanted during change-overs, ``We want Johnny Mac! We want Johnny Mac!'' 	Eventually, McEnroe, who grew up in Queens, N.Y., and now analyzes the Open for a cable television network, stuck his head out of his box to acknowledge the cheers.
Howard (Bumpy) Frazier even sought him out during qualifying last week.
``The suspect has confessed to this killing and we are trying to determine as quickly as possible whether he can be linked to the others.'' Both Donovan and Solomon refused to comment on whether the suspect gave any indication during a taped confession about being involved in the other killings.
Ms. Delcegno, a U.S. citizen, was shot in May during an attempted holdup at the convenience store where the couple were employed as clerks.
``We'll be filing for an injunction in federal court, asking that the buses be allowed to continue their normal runs at the mall, and they have agreed not to prevent us from making the stops during the court process.'' Finch said that an oral agreement had been reached Tuesday between lawyers for the mall and the transit district, but that the details were still being worked out before a final agreement is signed.
Tendinitis in his left ankle caused him to withdraw from every tournament he entered during the hardcourt season, typically his favorite time of the year.
Throughout my career during the regular season the 49ers have always had trouble with the Raiders.
(Suzanne DeChillo/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT11) SEOUL, South Korea -- August 31, 1994 -- JAPAN-COMFORT-WOMEN, 8-31 -- In Seoul, South Korean women hurled eggs and shouted slogans in front of the Japanese Embassy on Wednesday, angrily rejecting as indadequate a $1 billion Japanese plan to finance cultural and student exchanges as atonement for forcing up to 200,000 women to have sex with Japaneses soldiers during World War II.
(Suzanne DeChillo/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT11) SEOUL, South Korea -- August 31, 1994 -- JAPAN-COMFORT-WOMEN, 8-31 -- In Seoul, South Korean women hurled eggs and shouted slogans in front of the Japanese Embassy on Wednesday, angrily rejecting as indadequate a $1 billion Japanese plan to finance cultural and student exchanges as atonement for forcing up to 200,000 women to have sex with Japaneses soldiers during World War II.
(Suzanne DeChillo/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT11) SEOUL, South Korea -- August 31, 1994 -- JAPAN-COMFORT-WOMEN, 8-31 -- In Seoul, South Korean women hurled eggs and shouted slogans in front of the Japanese Embassy on Wednesday, angrily rejecting as indadequate a $1 billion Japanese plan to finance cultural and student exchanges as atonement for forcing up to 200,000 women to have sex with Japaneses soldiers during World War II.
(Suzanne DeChillo/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT11) SEOUL, South Korea -- August 31, 1994 -- JAPAN-COMFORT-WOMEN, 8-31 -- In Seoul, South Korean women hurled eggs and shouted slogans in front of the Japanese Embassy on Wednesday, angrily rejecting as indadequate a $1 billion Japanese plan to finance cultural and student exchanges as atonement for forcing up to 200,000 women to have sex with Japaneses soldiers during World War II.
That information will be filed in one or more amended disclosure statements during September, Carol Sanger, a spokeswoman for Federated, said.
Lorrie Morgan, on the other hand, was introduced to firearms during a self-defense class she signed up for two years ago.
We just look at the target, pick up the gun, relax and shoot.'' It was Franklin who took the initiative during her first visit to the Warner Center Gun Club in Woodland Hills.
``I keep them safely locked up during the day.
Lorrie Morgan, on the other hand, was introduced to firearms during a self-defense class she signed up for two years ago.
We just look at the target, pick up the gun, relax and shoot.'' It was Franklin who took the initiative during her first visit to the Warner Center Gun Club in Woodland Hills.
``I keep them safely locked up during the day.
Ito's decision opened a contentious discovery hearing during which attorneys continued verbally sniping with one another, and the judge -- wrestling with the issue of pretrial publicity -- said there is more evidence not yet made public that will have ``a very direct and important bearing on this case.'' Simpson, 47, has pleaded not guilty to murder charges in the June 12 slaying of his former wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend, Ronald Goldman.
Fuhrman testified during Simpson's preliminary hearing that he found a bloody glove at Simpson's estate that was similar to one found at the crime scene two miles away.
Lorrie Morgan, on the other hand, was introduced to firearms during a self-defense class she signed up for two years ago.
We just look at the target, pick up the gun, relax and shoot.'' It was Franklin who took the initiative during her first visit to the Warner Center Gun Club in Woodland Hills.
``I keep them safely locked up during the day.
Lorrie Morgan, on the other hand, was introduced to firearms during a self-defense class she signed up for two years ago.
We just look at the target, pick up the gun, relax and shoot.'' It was Franklin who took the initiative during her first visit to the Warner Center Gun Club in Woodland Hills.
``I keep them safely locked up during the day.
Rathman was informed about the decision during Wednesday's morning walk-through.
Pinkney and Adams were declared ineligible Sunday by school officials for accepting free use of a rental car for five weeks during May and June in violation of NCAA amateurism rules.
