UCLA's coaches weren't laughing after they gave Merten a scholarship out of high school, something they made it clear to the kid they rarely do for a kicker.
How much opportunity he gets is totally a function of the offense.'' Said Bjorn Merten: ``I'm just going into this season looking to please myself and my team, and after that, if the outside world is pleased, they're pleased.'' That's typical Merten.
Lesley transferred to Colorado after spring football.
OUTLAW RE-SIGNS WITH CLIPPERS WHILE TISDALE CONTINUES TO WEIGH HIS OPTIONS  (BC-BKN-CLIPPERS-LADN) Charles Outlaw, a 6-foot-8 defensive specialist who played in 37 games after joining L.A. from the CBA in February, signed the one-year qualifying offer worth $250,000 that was tendered to him July 1.
The stagehand, who worked for the NBC News program ``Today'' in Rockefeller Center, died several hours later after undergoing surgery at Bellevue Hospital Center.
They had been dispatched after Tager banged on the door at 5 p.m., and the guard who answered, David Johnson, noticed a gun under his coat.
NBC security guards telephoned 911 and reported that the man had melted into the crowd on the sidewalk after Johnson told him he could not go into the studio.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Witnesses said Tager had parked his car, which had North Carolina license plates, behind a mail truck on West 49th Street shortly after 5 p.m. The police said Tager banged on the studio door.
GETAWAY CAR HITS BICYCLE, KILLING BOY NEW YORK  (BC-N.Y.-FATAL-CHASE-NYT) A car chase through Queens, with robbers in one car exchanging gunfire with a store owner in another, ended Wednesday after the robbers' car struck and killed a teen-ager riding his bicycle, the police said.
The chase began about 2:30 p.m. after two men entered a liquor store, each with a gun drawn, and demanded all the cash there, Detective Mullin said.
Team president Peter O'Malley has scheduled a morning staff meeting Friday -- his second since the strike began -- after which it is expected several departments could receive cutback notices.
Left-hander Ben Van Ryn, demoted after 12 games at Albuquerque, wound up leading San Antonio in wins with an 8-3 record and 2.99 ERA in 17 starts.
But most industry analysts said they could not yet quantify the impact of the decision on Texas Instruments, and they were divided as to whether it would hurt the revenues of the company after its current licensing contracts expire in 1995.
Those weapons will be banned as soon as the president signs the bill into law, probably shortly after Labor Day.
In December 1962, after the United States agreed to send $53 million worth of baby food and medical supplies to Cuba, the Cuban government released 1,113 survivors.
Then-hubby Claus was convicted of attempted murder in 1982 but was acquitted at a retrial in 1985 after the first verdict was overturned.
Following your curiosity one step further, we checked the Guinness Book of Records for the longest time a person ever was in a coma, and found that a Tarpon Springs, Fla., girl never stirred after an appendectomy on Aug 6, 1941, when she was 6 years old.
Hollier, who is not expected to return for at least two weeks from a strained knee, said he remembers what it was like being thrust into a starting role as a rookie in 1992 after Offerdahl was hurt.
One more irony is that Connor, in some respects the purest conservative of the bunch, has been blasted as a liberal by the Florida branch of the American Family Association because he opposes mandatory sentencing for nonviolent offenders and has refused to go along with what he calls the ``prison-building binge.'' While he advocates strong anti-crime measures, Connor said after the forum here that building more prisons is only a ``simplistic, sound-bite solution'' and a ``sure-fire ticket for growing government.'' Conner acknowledged that this has cost him conservative support.
A trial was held last spring on the biggest suit of all -- a $2.5 billion claim by Pan Am and its creditors that Delta broke a promise to help get the carrier out of bankruptcy after buying its European routes and shuttle.
Certainly, the bill could be argued and refined to satisfy the personal qualms of each legislator, but it wouldn't get to a conference committee until some time after we set up a colony on Jupiter.
The displays are fuzzy and, after several hours of computing, can result in severe eyestrain.
Iran's 2.7 percent birth rate before its fundamentalist takeover jumped to 3.9 percent after the Islamic revolution banned contraceptives and cut the marriage age for girls to 9.
It's easy to feel small in the face of such splendid power.'' This is Claytor's first face-to-face encounter with wild elephants, one of many serendipitous side trips the young aviator has taken, singly and with other bush pilots, on a daredevil journey around the world in his single-engine plane, named Timmissartok after one of aviation pioneer Charles Lindbergh's aircraft.
One of his closest calls was in Muslim Algeria, right after the Persian Gulf War.
It's easy to feel small in the face of such splendid power.'' This is Claytor's first face-to-face encounter with wild elephants, one of many serendipitous side trips the young aviator has taken, singly and with other bush pilots, on a daredevil journey around the world in his single-engine plane, named Timmissartok after one of aviation pioneer Charles Lindbergh's aircraft.
One of his closest calls was in Muslim Algeria, right after the Persian Gulf War.
One such deal that fell apart at the 11th hour after 1 1/2 years of work was Lewis' attempt to buy a leisure furniture company called Almet.
18, the anniversary of his appearance in the animated short film ``Steamboat Willie.'' The character was created by Walt Disney after he and partner Ub Iwerks lost the rights to Oswald the Lucky Rabbit in 1928.
NATIONAL PERFORMANCE REVIEW: A PROGRESS REPORT WASHINGTON  (BC-REINVENT-DATA-$ADV04-COX) Among 910 ``actions'' proposed by the National Performance Review, here are some of the results after the first year.
Even so, a year after Gore's National Performance Review promised ``dramatic'' changes at Agriculture, most of those reforms are stuck in the talking stage.
The single clear measure of progress is a cutback of nearly 3,500 employees who departed after being offered buyouts or early retirement.
The bill by Assemblyman Curtis Tucker, D-Inglewood, was defeated after Sen.
But the measure was blocked in committee after Gov.
The bill by Assemblyman Curtis Tucker, D-Inglewood, was defeated after Sen.
But the measure was blocked in committee after Gov.
It's already being called ``Junk Bond'' in many circles because it is so shamelessly modeled after the James Bond series.
The legislation was made necessary after Wilson vetoed from the current state budget $24 million for administering the test.
The legislation was made necessary after Wilson vetoed from the current state budget $24 million for administering the test.
Defense must improve dramatically after allowing 376 yards per game.
Offensively, Price will start transfer Chad Davis at QB after he sat out 1993.
Standing 6-feet-5{, his reach is longer than his name when he goes after a ball in heavy traffic.
Running in high gear after catching a pass, his range stretches to the end zone.
That Spam doesn't sound too bad, after all.
Nobody shows up.'' Sice said the Reading Festival in England may not be anything special, but ``at least everything isn't built around a few main bands.'' But Stereolab guitarist Tim Gane said the main benefit for his band, which plays on the second stage a few hours after the Radleys, has been in name recognition.
As the national unemployment rate declined after the 1992 election, so did public enthusiasm for the White House's program to drastically change the American health system.
Gizmo is the smallest military working dog on active duty and, soaking wet and after a big meal, he may tip the scales at 14 pounds.
``A lot of rapport gets built up between the dogs and their handlers.'' Sometimes the other dogs, usually a big shepherd or a malinois, get a yen to go after Gizmo.
The legislation was made necessary after Wilson vetoed from the current state budget $24 million for administering the test.
The Edinburgh University scholar published his evaluation last month after a year-long examination of Russian records that were classified as secret during the Soviet era.
Unlike in Western armies, minimizing casualties was a secondary consideration, when it was a consideration at all.'' Even after Stalin's death in 1953, Soviet officials took care to hide these brutal facts from their own people, Norton-Ames added.
But I don't make `formula' pictures to fit anyone's expectations, and I like it, too, when a picture of mine throws the critics into a dither.'' Benjamin, 58, reinvented himself as a director after a long and successful career as an actor, ranging from ``Thunder over the Plains'' in 1953 through such provocative films of the 1960s and 1970s as ``Catch-22,'' ``Portnoy's Complaint,'' ``Goodbye, Columbus'' and ``The Sunshine Boys.'' His turnabout picture as a director was ``My Favorite Year,'' a wild romp through the early days of commercial television with Peter O'Toole as a swashbuckling movie star who is attempting to confine himself to the cramped quarters of TV.
Troy began the book by chance -- he was approached by the publisher, Prentice Hall, after another economist turned down the opportunity.
Troy began the book by chance -- he was approached by the publisher, Prentice Hall, after another economist turned down the opportunity.
Even those are taken away from him on a cold winter night, when the ne'er-do-well brother (Stephen Baldwin) of politically ambitious landowner John Newland (Gabriel Byrne), stumbles into McCann's cabin after a car crash.
When, a few days later, a sweet-faced toddler also seeks refuge there after her junkie mother collapses in the snow, McCann views her as heaven-sent compensation for his lost gold, and raises her as his own.
And quite a few DQ diners gathered around the young country music sensation during the unhurried talk, having recognized him and forsaken their Dudes and Dilly Bars for a meet 'n' greet after eats.
He came back last season after reconstructive surgery ...
He and his wife, Jennifer, just completed their dream home in Eugene, Ore., and soon after exulted in the birth of their first child, Dillon.
Soon after the inevitable epidemic of quarterback injuries.
The reassignment of Angus came a few weeks after Patrick reversed the department's position in a New Jersey reverse discrimination case.
Tommy Bennett, a probable starter at safety, was suspended after his arrest on forgery charges, and despite hopes that his status would be settled before the season, his case continues to make its way through the legal system.
When the media hoard finally cleared out of the locker room after last season's Rose Bowl, Stokes and Cook were the only players remaining.
But after two off-seasons of NFL free agency, the second of which is spiced by the presence of a salary cap, it's clear that fans of this game are going to face quite a challenge in sorting out all the comings and goings.
They needed to make a comeback after 1985.
Adams' highly publicized 48-hour visit -- after eight previous U.S. decisions denying him entry to the United States -- gave the IRA credibility in the United States and internationally.
The day after the IRA declared an unconditional ceasefire people in this town where the troubles began 25 years ago emerged in the sun Thursday and wondered if this is what peace feels like.
Novels aren't traditionally written by two people, nor are they usually expanded after the screenplay is written.
(The shadow of ``Silas Marner'' makes for endless farfetched touches like that one.) Stephen Baldwin disappears very quickly as Byrne's bad-boy brother, and Laura Linney makes a glamorous impression as Byrne's picture-perfect wife (whom he marries after the death of Mathilda's mother).
``What will my son do?'' said Sardinas, who swam 13 miles back to Cuban shores after their raft sprung a leak.
These Q-and-A sessions can be done in ``real time'' or in a delayed way, with questions accumulating over several weeks and the answers given and accessed after a set time.
These Q-and-A sessions can be done in ``real time'' or in a delayed way, with questions accumulating over several weeks and the answers given and accessed after a set time.
Next year, he added, a Wayne classic, ``The High and the Mighty,'' could make its video debut, and the year after that, ``Island in the Sky.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
A young Romanian schoolteacher named Nela (Maia Morgenstern) goes on a spiritual journey after the death of her father, a former government official, whose ashes she takes to toting in a coffee jar.
LONDONDERRY, Northern Ireland (NYT)  (BC-WORLD-BRIEFS-NYT) The day after the Irish Republican Army declared an unconditional ceasefire, and ordered its units to put down their weapons, people in this town where the troubles began 25 years ago emerged in the sun on Thursday, and wondered if this is what peace feels like.
The talks are taking place at the U.N. Mission to the United Nations as the Clinton administration officials worried about a large new surge of Cuban refugees over the past three days, after the flow dropped sharply last weekend because of stormy weather.
The Coast Guard rescued 700 Cubans in the Straits of Florida as of 2 p.m. on Thursday, which comes after 2,159 Cubans were picked up at sea on Wednesday -- one of the highest totals since the mass migration began in early August.
	In the Arab world, only Egypt has full relations with the Israelis, since 1979, but Morocco on Thursday signaled unmistakably that it is ready to follow suit after many years of amicable, behind-the-scenes dealings.
Though Carter has reportedly not accepted the invitation yet, his second in recent months, the letter gave some insight into the thinking of Kim, who dropped out of sight shortly after his father, Kim Il Sung, died in early July.
The meeting was to have taken place just two weeks after Kim Il Sung died.
A spokesman for the Chinese national sports commission and the Far East and South Pacific Disabled Games would not comment on Thursday on reports that Fang Zheng, whose legs were amputated after he was run over, has been ejected from the games, which started on Thursday.
We consume these stories in gigantic portions, and after a while they all start to taste the same -- even though we know that what was at stake with Anita and Clarence was actually a lot different from what's at stake, in, say, the O.J. case.
``Natural Born Killers'' comes along as a kind of sour dessert after the tabloid feast.
He remembered having dated the boy's mother, Martha Bertha Pena, for a short period after he got out of the military in 1975.
``I started to get more inquiries after that,'' said Linda Fuller, the company's human resources manager.
Usually, the state only learned about these departures after the decisions had been made, because company officials are reluctant to discuss a pending relocation out of a concern for frightening workers.
Each of the cities promised about $400,000 to $500,000 annual savings, with a payback - after moving costs - within four years.
It begins in a Paris orphanage, the new home of teen-age Fausto (Ken Higelin) after his parents are killed in a cycling accident.
``I'm outta here,'' Lindstrom-Foster said after the quake.
``Now I can move on to other things.'' In her office after the announcement, Lindstrom-Foster said she had no regrets.
Profit-taking after the recent runup also pressured the markets, he said.
We arrived at the inn, at 85 Lyme Street, on a Friday night after about a two-and-a-half-hour drive from New York City to begin a weekend retreat from the heat and attitudes of big-city life.
Yet now the state is poised to electrocute Otey just minutes after midnight Friday morning in the same wooden chair used to kill Starkweather more than 35 years ago.
Two months after shooting a gas station attendant to death in a robbery, Starkweather drove to the Lincoln home of his girlfriend, Caril Fugate, in late January 1958.
When I hit her back, her husband started to come at me, so I had to let both of them have it with my rifle.'' So started a killing spree that lasted days and ended after Starkweather, an 18-year-old who stuffed newspapers into the toes of his oversized cowboy boots to make them fit, shot to death a shoe salesman napping alongside a Wyoming road.
But shortly after the Tony Awards in June, the producers of ``Grease!,'' Fran and Barry Weissler, raised the top weekend price to $67.50.
``And it doesn't take a genius to know that when kids go back to school and tourists leave town, Wednesday would become a wasteland.'' 	About a month ago, Nathan Lane, star of ``Laughter on the 23rd Floor,'' which closed last weekend, was visited in his dressing room after the show by Mike Nichols, who wanted to talk to him about a movie.
Tim DeGraffenreid, 17, retold those tales Wednesday to police after being arrested in the early afternoon.
Boos said Nicklasson refused to hit him after they met, and the two became friends of a sort.
We arrived at the inn, at 85 Lyme Street, on a Friday night after about a two-and-a-half-hour drive from New York City to begin a weekend retreat from the heat and attitudes of big-city life.
This has come to mind often in the last fortnight, as one commentator after another has spoken of the ``flood of refugees'' setting out from Cuba across the Straits of Florida on makeshift rafts and other flimsy craft, hoping to reach the U.S. shore.
(Will move in the ``f'' financial news file and in the ``n'' California news file.) INSURE-BILLS (Los Angeles) -- A bill to address problems in the California homeowners' market since the Northridge earthquake failed to win approval late Wednesday, but state leaders did pass legislation that would permit the governor to prohibit insurance companies from canceling policyholders after disasters.
``The living conditions are bad here but I have no choice,'' said Camille Dorsin, 33, who fled Haiti in July with her three children after police in the southern Haiti town of Petit Goave killed her husband.
The conclusions made after the study by Sampson's group, the National Commission on Wildfire Disasters, are not new.
But the prescribed fires cannot be used in many unhealthy western forests because, after this year's wildfires, many thousands of acres will still be highly fire-prone.
``Pretty soon they are going to say we can't breathe on them after five yards,'' said Oilers cornerback Cris Dishman.
Martin plays Michael McCann, who becomes a soulless recluse after his marriage is shattered by an act of betrayal.
Before long he decides he wants the girl -- after all, he's her natural father.
The secondary is solid, the defensive line improving and Emtman, the No. 1 pick in 1992, vows to make a return this season after a horrible knee injury his rookie year.
Even after South African labor unions succeeded in limiting the flow of legal foreign workers, many white employers embraced the influx of illegal foreigners as cheap, pliant farm workers and domestic servants.
Bush said that after KPRC contacted his campaign, he called his hunting guide, Ken Jasek of Texas Waterfowl Outfitters, who confirmed the candidate's misfire.
Bush said that after KPRC contacted his campaign, he called his hunting guide, Ken Jasek of Texas Waterfowl Outfitters, who confirmed the candidate's misfire.
Two months after the party, the union signed a contract allowing Borkowski to use the Fraternal Order of Police's star-shaped symbol on his business cards and gave him access to the addresses and phone numbers, listed and unlisted, of the union's 13,000 active and retired officers.
In October 1992, after he refused requests for more money, leaders of the police union canceled a contract that was supposedly noncancelable.
The only disability insurance available to police officers before Borkowski's arrival was a policy from Benefit Trust Life Insurance, now called Trustmark Insurance, which provided benefits for only a few years after a disabling injury.
But in the first year after the union signed a contract with Borkowski, his business languished.
By March, after Shaw allowed sales agents to be hired, Borkowski's business soared.
A few weeks after union officials canceled their agreement with Borkowski, Jefferson-Pilot followed suit, dismissing him without offering any explanation at the time.
Though Carter has reportedly not yet accepted the invitation, his second in recent months, the letter gave some insight into the thinking of Kim, who dropped out of sight shortly after his father, Kim Il Sung, died in early July.
The meeting was to have taken place just two weeks after Kim Il Sung died.
YANKS TRADE PAUL GIBSON TO MILWAUKEE  (BC-BBA-YANKS-GIBSON-550&ADD-NYT) Three hours after Paul Gibson received the news from General Manager Gene Michael Thursday that he had been traded from the Yankees to Milwaukee for a player to be determined later, the pitcher was still confused.
To have the rug pulled out from under you and be told to go to Milwaukee or any other place, it feels bad.'' Dave Winfield, a former Yankee, also moved to another place Wednesday night after Cleveland obtained the 42-year old from Minnesota for a player to be named later.
But Morocco signaled unmistakably Thursday that it is ready to follow suit after many years of amicable, behind-the-scenes dealings.
``You may appreciate why.'' Yet Bush, whose father's political fortunes plummeted after he broke his famous no-taxes pledge of 1988, was not about to let his audience in this conservative stronghold in central Florida think he would be receptive to more taxation.
Bush, who said he hunted frequently, broke the state law moments after a 6:15 a.m. news conference in which he assailed Ms. Richards as being soft on criminals.
He is supposed to make something big happen after he catches the ball in stride.
Another time, he slipped after catching a pass.
He said he would head for the sideline after a catch, and that he has been practicing the quarterback slide.
Chief executive of Symantec Inc., a medium-sized software company, Eubanks said ``It doesn't seem like anything has changed at all.'' And Wall Street agreed, with Microsoft stock remaining essentially flat after the announcement was made.
At Stanford, for example, the proportion of students joining law firms immediately after graduation has decreased by about 9 percent over the last five years, while the proportion going to judicial clerkships has increased 7 percent and the proportion going into public interest law is up 3 percent.
He joined the team the year after the Redskins won the Super Bowl.
Texas Instruments was granted the patent in Japan in 1989 after a battle lasting more than 29 years, and it used the patent to demand royalties from almost all Japanese semiconductor makers.
The 24,500 employees of TWA got a stake of 45 percent in the airline after it reorganized under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in November.
Chief executive of Symantec Inc., a medium-sized software company, Eubanks said ``It doesn't seem like anything has changed at all.'' And Wall Street agreed, with Microsoft stock remaining essentially flat after the announcement was made.
American officials declined to estimate how many refugees those installations could accommodate, but for several months after the 1989 invasion, more than 10,000 Panamanians whose homes whad been destroyed lived on the bases.
But that world ended seven months after the fall of Fort Sumter, when landowners fleeing Union gunboats left 10,000 slaves behind to begin a precarious existence as freed men and women.
-- Leaders of United Airlines' pilots' union, after their successful buyout effort, have hired a management consultant to help their executive council develop ways of reaching decisions with a less parochial view -- to think more like managers.
The pacing was uncanny: literally seconds after a performance on one stage ended, a group on the other stage began.
But what protection does The Baseball Network have if the strike wipes out the postseason where most of its money will come from, thus wrecking the two-year, $330 million revenue target that would trigger TBN's renewal after 1995?
To be the best they felt they had to go after us.
The selloff began Wednesday after Bruce Lupatkin, an analyst with Hambrecht & Quist, lowered his earnings estimates for the Compaq Computer Corp.
The pessimistic outlook for the group deepened after AST Research Inc.
AST's announcement came after the markets had closed.
Analysts, who had been warned by the company in July that Chicago would ship after the first of the year, took the most recent announcement to mean that it would ship late in the first half.
Of the technology stocks, AST Research, a large maker of personal computers, showed one of the sharpest falls, down 5, to 13 1/16, after AST warned that product delays and lower prices for computers would hurt results in the quarter ending on Sept.
AST, which was the most active stock Thursday at 14.9 million shares, made the announcement after the market closed on Wednesday.
That was part of the reason, along with a lack of production, the Chiefs waived him after last season.
``Increasingly, it is younger women who want to be sterilized after their second child.'' Failing to prevent unwanted pregnancies, about 1.4 million Brazilian women undergo abortions every year.
A spokesman for the Chinese national sports commission and the Far East and South Pacific Disabled Games would not comment on Thursday on reports that Fang Zheng, whose legs were amputated after he was run over, has been ejected from the games, which started on Thursday.
Fang was named to the national team this year after a long period of training, but at some point the sports authorities discovered that his legs had been lost during the tank assault on central Beijing in the early morning hours of June 4, 1989.
TREASURY SECURITIES HOLD FIRM  (BC-CREDIT-425&ADD-NYT) Prices of Treasury securities were little changed Thursday after they bounced back from early losses prompted by government reports suggesting that the economy may not have slowed as much as other data have showed.
The price of the 30-year Treasury bond, after being down as much as 1/3 point, came back to finish unchanged at 100 20/32 for a yield of 7.45 percent.
The Conference Board's help-wanted index rose 4 points in July, to 121, and construction spending rose six-tenths of 1 percent in July after a revised three-tenths of 1 percent rise in June.
Professional to his hard-baked core, Lendl showed up on schedule to face Bernd Karbacher of Germany on the Open's Stadium Court, but 1 hour 48 minutes after the contest began, Lendl backed down, sat down, then headed up the highway toward Connecticut on the losing end of a 6-4, 7-6 (7-5), 1-0 decision.
Lendl retired from his first-round match here last year because of a sore knee, and after a first-round loss this year at the French Open, Lendl decided to skip Wimbledon, the only Grand Slam title to elude him, in order to repair his back with a variety of non-major surgical procedures.
Among the seeded men, Sergi Bruguera (No. 3), Todd Martin (No. 9), Marc Rosset (No. 15) and Thomas Muster (No. 13) all advanced without incident, and on the women's side, Jana Novotna (No. 7), Amanda Coetzer (No. 11) and 10th-seeded Zina Garrison Jackson, who had to rush to the locker room and borrow a pair of sneakers after the glue on hers melted on the Grandstand Court, enjoyed straight-set victories.
Just after squandering nine set points in the second set, in which his 5-0 lead evaporated in a haze of back pain, Lendl requested the immediate services of a trainer but was denied them.
Instead, it was regarded as a pre-existing ailment, and he was told he would have to wait until the change-over after the first game of the third set before he could be tended to.
``I think I would have preferred to play a little bit tougher match today,'' she said after her match.
 (BC-BONDS-DIVORCE-350&ADD-SFCHRON) The star-struck judge who asked for Barry Bonds' autograph just moments after cutting the baseball star's family support payments in half has withdrawn from the case and set aside his earlier ruling, paving the way for a rehearing of the issue before a new judge.
Taylor apparently vacated his judgment after Sun's attorney told the court that he planned to seek a rehearing based on new documents submitted by Bonds' attorneys showing that the superstar is actually still earning nearly $200,000 a month under his contract -- despite the players' strike.
20, the 15-pound, 3-by-3-foot metal panel located just behind the landing gear doors hit and severed a hydraulic tube after it came off, causing the jet to lose the fluid that operates the landing gear and some wing panels.
Test pilots discovered the latter problem after the first few flights in June and have been studying it ever since.
Tager, who was seized at the scene minutes after the shooting and was charged later with murder, gave his seemingly bizarre and irrational tale of network sophistry and burning revenge in five hours of questioning Wednesday night, during which he rambled, spoke cordially, lashed out at the networks, fell silent and stared into space.
 (BC-NY-MEDIA-SHOOTING-2NDTAKE-NYT) Tager parked on 49th Street, got out and knocked on an employee entrance -- a pair of locked, windowless, brass double doors flanked by poster-sized pictures of Gumble and Ms. Couric -- shortly after 5 p.m. Wednesday.
But after the opening, we discovered issues in the West that we could see we share: women suffer in economic retrenching, female university graduates find it more difficult to get positions, girls get jobs only as secretaries.'' Professor Wang, who is here in part to study topics that will come up again next spring when another U.N. conference, this one devoted entirely to women's issues, convenes in Beijing, finds many ideas to exchange here.
Los Angeles-based Kaufman and Broad will forgive the remaining 5 percent of debt if after three years a buyer has made all the mortgage payments on time.
The first 91 left on Wednesday after being trapped in Haiti for over a month.
On Wednesday, after stalling for more than a month, the administration released some 500,000 gallons of fuel donated by other nations for running charity centers, hospitals, and other work.
BEACH FOUND SAFE WITH TRANSIENT  (BC-MISSING-GIRL-400&ADD-SFCHRON) During several hours of questioning, Malia Stromquist told police she had spent the week with a 25-year-old transient she met on the beach after bickering with her younger sister and storming out of her grandmother's house.
Stromquist and her companion met on the beach shortly after she left the house on August 24.
``She was quite surprised at all that had happened while she was gone.'' Shortly after Malia returned home, her father John Stromquist told reporters that he was overjoyed.
In the second phase of the trial, after two days of further testimony and a day of deliberations, the jury awarded Ms. Weeks $6.9 million in punitive damages from Baker & McKenzie, which had the highest gross revenue of any law firm in America last year, and $225,000 more from Greenstein, 49, who was dismissed in the midst of the lawsuit and now runs a one-man firm in San Jose.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Ms. Weeks' lawyer, jubilant after the verdict, said that the jury had clearly understood ``the gravity of the situation'' faced by his client and other women at the firm, six of whom testified here about sexual harassment.
The firm brought in a consultant who worked with the Navy after the Tailhook sexual harassment case and developed a videotape about the correct way to handle such situations.
SHIP ABORTS CRUISE AFTER 400 CONTRACT AN INTESTINAL ILLNESS LOS ANGELES  (BC-CRUISE-SICKNESS-NYT) A Royal Caribbean ship cut its four-day cruise a day short and returned to port here this morning after more than 400 of the nearly 2,350 people aboard became ill with an unidentified intestinal ailment that caused vomiting, headaches and diarrhea.
He died in Ensenada, Mexico, Thursday, after being transferred to a hospital when the ship docked there Wednesday.
``We all ate at the Windjammer, ravioli and fried fish, and about 20 hours later we all started vomiting,'' she said as she was packing bags in the car after being released from the ship.
The latest wave of boat people came after 2,159 Cubans were picked up at sea on Wednesday -- one of the highest totals since the outflow began four weeks ago.
DAY 1 OF IRA'S CEASE-FIRE: HOPE TINGED BY SKEPTICISM LONDONDERRY, Northern Ireland  (BC-NORTH-IRELAND-500&ADD-NYT) The day after the Irish Republican Army declared an unconditional cease-fire and ordered its units to put down their weapons, people in the town where the troubles began 25 years ago emerged into the sun on Thursday and wondered if this is what peace feels like.
Legal observers said after Thursday's verdict was announced that they were stunned by the size of the award, and they predicted that it would have an enormous impact in preventing sexual harassment.
After 22 years at the law firm, Greenstein was forced out last October after several women came forward during the course of Weeks' lawsuit and claimed that he had sexually harassed them.
The most serious incident occurred in August 1991, when Weeks and Greenstein left a Sizzler restaurant after lunch.
But after the friend left, Mrs.
The aunt said it was time that the block and the city come together to end the violence -- right after the children are buried.
As soon as swimming was over, the streets took over.'' Robert's 46-year-old grandmother, Janet Fields, who reared the boy after he was taken from his mother when he was 3, said, ``I lost my baby.'' ``I was out looking for him all day yesterday,'' she continued.
Marie-Claire Antoine, now a writer, was visiting from her native France after graduating from college when Montgomery struck up a conversation with her in French in Central Park, where he was playing ball with friends.
But after being told by a Houston TV reporter that the bird didn't appear to be a dove, Bush called Jasek, who confirmed the creature was a killdee.
But the Richards campaign, amused by the turn of events, said Bush seemed to be mimicking her in various ways -- even appearing at the same Texarkana school after her own recent visit.
Bush said he hopes Texans, who have a long tradition of gun ownership -- not just for hunting but for protecting their homes -- would conclude after seeing him hunt: ``Here is a fellow like me.'' Bush also took the opportunity to criticize the new penal code, which doubles the minimum sentence for violent offenses while reducing it for non-violent crimes.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide, within 10 days after the troops landed.
The nations agreed this week to supply troops after a visit by American officials.
``Some guys give it up after a day,'' Belfer said, crouching under a sign that read ``Drunks Will Be Dismissed.'' ``I go through a lot of people before I find someone who sticks around for a while.'' At the moment, the senior chair operator is Thomas Scierioth, a wiry 54-year-old who has pushed chairs since 1984.
``Some guys give it up after a day,'' Belfer said, crouching under a sign that read ``Drunks Will Be Dismissed.'' ``I go through a lot of people before I find someone who sticks around for a while.'' At the moment, the senior chair operator is Thomas Scierioth, a wiry 54-year-old who has pushed chairs since 1984.
Hirsch said he notified the police department last Monday after receiving ``an unusually high number of deaths that looked like overdose deaths'' from throughout Manhattan in less than a week.
The Chivas Regal review began with four to six agencies and was narrowed to TBWA last week, after two other finalists, Grey Advertising and Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide, were eliminated.
You didn't lose a bottle of Chivas; you gained a few friends.'' Ameritech Corp., the Midwest regional Baby Bell based in Chicago, said it had awarded its pay-telephone services account, with billings estimated at $20 million, to Leo Burnett U.S.A. in Chicago after a two-month review.
At the same time, we want to prepare him to play quarterback because he's definitely seen as our starter after Stenstrom, and he's getting as many snaps in practice as he always had.
When he came back as coach in 1992, Walsh feared that Stanford would not be able to recruit good athletes year after year.
But starving artists, while good for the soul, did not compensate for the business lost when German tourism dropped 36 per cent this year after nine foreign tourists, including one German visitor in Miami, were attacked and killed while vacationing in Florida over the past two years.
Brown, who could not be reached for comment after practice, is scheduled to make $745,000 next season.
But after being told by a Houston TV reporter that the bird didn't appear to be a dove, Bush called Jasek, who confirmed the creature was a killdee.
But the Richards campaign, amused by the turn of events, said Bush seemed to be mimicking her in various ways -- even appearing at the same Texarkana school after her own recent visit.
Bush said he hopes Texans, who have a long tradition of gun ownership -- not just for hunting but for protecting their homes -- would conclude after seeing him hunt: ``Here is a fellow like me.'' Bush also took the opportunity to criticize the new penal code, which doubles the minimum sentence for violent offenses while reducing it for non-violent crimes.
Keenan reminded me of a '50s movie gunslinger hired to clean up a wild cowtown who, after he shoots the bad guys, turns his gun on the town fathers and orders them to open the bank vault.
Jimmy Johnson was dumped after winning two straight Super Bowls because Jerry Jones thought people were forgetting who was the owner.
	The Park Row daguerreotype had to have been taken after 1839, when photography was introduced in New York.
Unlike a picture from a just-bought camera that can snap frame after frame faster than the blink of an eye, Wester said the Lewises needed ``a few seconds'' to take the shot -- maybe as many as five seconds, a photographer's eternity.
The judge, John J.J. Jones Jr. of Suffolk County Court, found that Rifkin's constitutional right to be represented by a lawyer after his arrest more than a year ago had ``not been violated in any way.'' Rifkin took the witness stand for the first time last month during a pretrial hearing to claim that he had asked for a lawyer ``at least 20 times'' after his arrest on June 28, 1993, by state troopers who found the body of a woman in the back of his pickup truck.
He was so designated after Fay Vincent resigned at the owners' request on Labor Day 1992.
Where would they be now if Walsh were forced out, say, after 1980, when he endured an eight-game losing streak, or even after 1982, when the 49ers missed the playoffs the year after their first Super Bowl?
Not long after the then-19-year-old's five-pound apprentice allowance expired, a prominent agent quit Nakatani, never dreaming what he was giving up.
But, after allowing him to report to work, prison officials were apparently concerned that it would be too easy for Wachtler to try to see Joy Silverman.
Against Becker on Monday, Reneberg was extraordinary as he nailed line after line to win in a fifth-set tie breaker.
Rice still remembers the one that got away; the ball he dropped while running unhindered toward the end zone in a playoff game against the Giants after the 1986 season.
``I think it'll mean more to me after my career is over, because I haven't had a chance to reflect on anything.
There was the famous incident following the Super Bowl after the 1988 season, in which Rice was selected as Most Valuable Player and still complained about being slighted.
Thompson has told investigators that Officer Peter DelDebbio, the off-duty police officer who opened fire on Robinson after mistaking the plainclothes officer for a criminal, shot a prone Officer Robinson as many as three times in the back.
One family in the San Fernando Valley area of Los Angeles saw its insurance bill rise to $13,000 a year after two of the three daughters each received two speeding tickets and had two at-fault accidents, Lorch said.
In Hawaii, the Monday night game was tape-delayed until after the news.
	Wall Street was uncertain how to react to talk of network deals after NBC's parent and Time Warner declined to comment.
The selloff began after an analyst lowered earnings estimates for Compaq and AST Research said it expected to post a loss in the first quarter.
	Wheat prices rose sharply after export sales showed high demand for U.S. wheat.
	Three accounts changed agencies after reviews.
Farmers Insurance Group began a similar program last fall, already rebating rates by about 30 percent for nearly 30,000 young drivers in California after they completed a company-sponsored workshop with their parents, according to spokesman John Millen.
Summers, 23, after his arrest on Jan.
Summers was arrested after a high-speed chase across the Tappan Zee Bridge and down the Gov.
It's the kind of move some coaches would make after two preseason games.
He can shake that tag if he remains standing after Eric Swann, Clyde Simmons, Seth Joyner and Wilbur Marshall take a couple of whacks at him.
But starving artists, while good for the soul, did not compensate for the business lost when German tourism dropped 36 per cent this year after nine foreign tourists, including one German visitor in Miami, were attacked and killed while vacationing in Florida over the past two years.
``I was absolutely ecstatic,'' Goldman said soon after getting the welcome phone call from the SBA.
Borkowski, a Philadelphia insurance agent who says a police union canceled its contract with him after he refused to continue making ``extortion'' payments that gave him access to the union's members.
Borkowski, a Philadelphia insurance agent who says a police union canceled its contract with him after he refused to continue making ``extortion'' payments that gave him access to the union's members.
Borkowski, a Philadelphia insurance agent who says a police union canceled its contract with him after he refused to continue making ``extortion'' payments that gave him access to the union's members.
Dunton appeared before the grand jury after a motion to quash his subpoena was denied.
But starving artists, while good for the soul, did not compensate for the business lost when German tourism dropped 36 per cent this year after nine foreign tourists, including one German visitor in Miami, were attacked and killed while vacationing in Florida over the past two years.
	Wall Street was uncertain how to react to talk of network deals after NBC's parent and Time Warner declined to comment.
The selloff began after an analyst lowered earnings estimates for Compaq and AST Research said it expected to post a loss in the first quarter.
	Wheat prices rose sharply after export sales showed high demand for U.S. wheat.
	Three accounts changed agencies after reviews.
COLISEUM REDEDICATED AFTER RESTORATION  (BC-COLISEUM-REDEDICATE-100&add-LADN) The Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, host to some of the nation's largest sporting, political and religious events in its 71-year history, has been rededicated after a multimillion-dollar restoration.
``Southern California has come a long way since that day last January when I came here,'' said Witt, who was a highly visible presence for several weeks after the 6.8 magnitude earthquake hit.
The score by Schmidtke, who rushed 17 times for 91 yards, rallied the Wildcats after they had squandered a 10-7 halftime lead in the fourth quarter.
But on Tech's next snap, Steagall fumbled after a 10-yard pass reception, and Arizona's Tony Bouie grabbed the ball at Arizona's 30.
O'Leary returns to Georgia Tech after two years as defensive line coach for the San Diego Chargers.
Last season, after the Raiders shook off an early season lethargy, finished with a kick and advanced to the round of eight in the Super Bowl tournament, commentators and fans spoke with one voice: My, my, this team may be one decent halfback away from accomplishing something special.
McCallum was a game-saver after moving to halfback midway through last season.
Newspapers, after all, have certain clear strengths.
Like amoebas, chains have a way of replicating identical versions of themselves, mainly by using nomadic managers to apply a formula style in town after town.
Newspapers, after all, have certain clear strengths.
Like amoebas, chains have a way of replicating identical versions of themselves, mainly by using nomadic managers to apply a formula style in town after town.
Newspapers, after all, have certain clear strengths.
Like amoebas, chains have a way of replicating identical versions of themselves, mainly by using nomadic managers to apply a formula style in town after town.
JAPANESE AUTO BIZ HITS THE BRAKES, BUT STILL ON THE SKIDS TOKYO AND LONDON  (BC-FALLINGSUN-CARS-ECONOMIST) Three months of rising sales in its home market have convinced the Japanese car industry that it is at last turning the corner after four hellish years.
JAPANESE AUTO BIZ HITS THE BRAKES, BUT STILL ON THE SKIDS TOKYO AND LONDON  (BC-FALLINGSUN-CARS-ECONOMIST) Three months of rising sales in its home market have convinced the Japanese car industry that it is at last turning the corner after four hellish years.
JAPANESE AUTO BIZ HITS THE BRAKES, BUT STILL ON THE SKIDS TOKYO AND LONDON  (BC-FALLINGSUN-CARS-ECONOMIST) Three months of rising sales in its home market have convinced the Japanese car industry that it is at last turning the corner after four hellish years.
Morales also heard a child crying the same day, her son said, but thought nothing of it after it stopped.
Police went to the apartment Thursday at 5:15 p.m. after receiving a call that someone was hurt inside apartment 20E at the Amsterdam Avenue address.
Officers found the front door locked, but decided to force entry after smelling an unusual odor.
PREGNANT WOMAN IS CHARGED WITH STABBING BOYFRIEND TO DEATH GREENBURGH, N.Y.  (BC-NY-PREGNANT-STAB-NYT) A pregnant woman who had moved out of a homeless shelter to live with her boyfriend has been charged with killing him after an argument.
Ms. Cohen moved in with Henderson two months ago after living in a shelter for homeless families, authorities said.
Ms. Cohen is being held without bail in the hospital wing of the Westchester County jail, where she was taken after complaining of pain.
But the $2 trillion business has lately offered a spectacle of a less impressive kind: of several big mutual funds coming a cropper after investing in derivatives -- financial instruments such as futures and options whose price is partly based on underlying assets such as bonds or equities.
In June PaineWebber, a securities firm, poured $268 million into a government-bond fund that it managed after the fund had lost money on risky derivatives.
But the $2 trillion business has lately offered a spectacle of a less impressive kind: of several big mutual funds coming a cropper after investing in derivatives -- financial instruments such as futures and options whose price is partly based on underlying assets such as bonds or equities.
In June PaineWebber, a securities firm, poured $268 million into a government-bond fund that it managed after the fund had lost money on risky derivatives.
But the $2 trillion business has lately offered a spectacle of a less impressive kind: of several big mutual funds coming a cropper after investing in derivatives -- financial instruments such as futures and options whose price is partly based on underlying assets such as bonds or equities.
In June PaineWebber, a securities firm, poured $268 million into a government-bond fund that it managed after the fund had lost money on risky derivatives.
The big sweat is whether portions of the expected crowd of 30,000-plus will tumble over backward when they sit down after singing ``That Good Old Baylor Line.'' At the beginning of the week, assistant athletic director Jim Trego estimated that 1,400 aluminum benches due to seat 10 times that many fans remained unbolted to their foundations.
``We'll make it,'' promised athletic director Dick Ellis on Thursday, after twice changing from work clothes into a starched shirt and tie for on-campus meetings.
His father retired from the Rangers last year after 27 seasons in the majors.
Reid Ryan went undrafted after his junior season, which is when the top players are chosen.
That drive ended at the Kansas 2-yard line, when strong safety Gerald McBurrows tackled Houston tailback Jay McGuire after a 2-yard completion on fourth-and-goal.
Peters pointed to Kansas' 14-point run after his touchdown as the death knell to Cougars' comeback hopes.
 (BC-USO-COFFEE-320&ADD-SFCHRON) They arrested Steve (Rocket) Robey early Wednesday morning at San Francisco International Airport after he walked out of the USO lounge with a cup of coffee.
But once a year -- the eighth night after the August full moon -- the party starts.
Szmant is one of the first scientists to see spawning incidents in 1990 after Australian researchers first observed them in the mid-1980s.
But once a year -- the eighth night after the August full moon -- the party starts.
Szmant is one of the first scientists to see spawning incidents in 1990 after Australian researchers first observed them in the mid-1980s.
Michael McCann (Martin) has pretty much withdrawn from the world after a terrible revelation ruins his marriage.
However, after visiting 22 cities, Shepard is ready for re-entry.
General Manager Jim Bowden planned to call Nitkowski to the Reds after Sept.
But even after 50 years, it's still the same old story: a boy and his wonder-dog.
The movie initially centers on Mousie (Seidy Lopez) and Sad Girl (Angel Aviles), childhood pals who become bitter enemies after being impregnated by the same guy.
Russia's troops theatrically marched out of Germany last week -- lest they seem to be slinking -- but the remaining Russians slipped more discreetly from Estonia and Latvia, 54 years after the Soviets invaded.
Nationally, a new generation of Republicans -- spurred by religious activism and inspired by Christian evangelists and fundamentalists -- is taking control of party operations in state after state.
Nationally, a new generation of Republicans -- spurred by religious activism and inspired by Christian evangelists and fundamentalists -- is taking control of party operations in state after state.
Unfortunately, Congress will be back in our collective face shortly after Labor Day.
Consequently, Fox has moved up the timetable for its fall season premieres for the shows that follow football on Sunday, starting with: ``Fortune Hunter,'' an hour-long James Bond-ish action series, immediately following football at 6 p.m. Comparative unknown Mark Frankel plays Carlton Dial, a former government operative who, faced with a lack of business after the Cold War melted, turns to private enterprise by working for a company called Intercept.
Many were impressed by his personal testimony in churches about his profound religious experience after listening to the biblical recordings.
Many were impressed by his personal testimony in churches about his profound religious experience after listening to the biblical recordings.
Newspapers, after all, have certain clear strengths.
Like amoebas, chains have a way of replicating identical versions of themselves, mainly by using nomadic managers to apply a formula style in town after town.
Newspapers, after all, have certain clear strengths.
Like amoebas, chains have a way of replicating identical versions of themselves, mainly by using nomadic managers to apply a formula style in town after town.
Newspapers, after all, have certain clear strengths.
Like amoebas, chains have a way of replicating identical versions of themselves, mainly by using nomadic managers to apply a formula style in town after town.
JAPANESE AUTO BIZ HITS THE BRAKES, BUT STILL ON THE SKIDS TOKYO AND LONDON  (BC-FALLINGSUN-CARS-ECONOMIST) Three months of rising sales in its home market have convinced the Japanese car industry that it is at last turning the corner after four hellish years.
JAPANESE AUTO BIZ HITS THE BRAKES, BUT STILL ON THE SKIDS TOKYO AND LONDON  (BC-FALLINGSUN-CARS-ECONOMIST) Three months of rising sales in its home market have convinced the Japanese car industry that it is at last turning the corner after four hellish years.
JAPANESE AUTO BIZ HITS THE BRAKES, BUT STILL ON THE SKIDS TOKYO AND LONDON  (BC-FALLINGSUN-CARS-ECONOMIST) Three months of rising sales in its home market have convinced the Japanese car industry that it is at last turning the corner after four hellish years.
But the $2 trillion business has lately offered a spectacle of a less impressive kind: of several big mutual funds coming a cropper after investing in derivatives -- financial instruments such as futures and options whose price is partly based on underlying assets such as bonds or equities.
In June PaineWebber, a securities firm, poured $268 million into a government-bond fund that it managed after the fund had lost money on risky derivatives.
But the $2 trillion business has lately offered a spectacle of a less impressive kind: of several big mutual funds coming a cropper after investing in derivatives -- financial instruments such as futures and options whose price is partly based on underlying assets such as bonds or equities.
In June PaineWebber, a securities firm, poured $268 million into a government-bond fund that it managed after the fund had lost money on risky derivatives.
But the $2 trillion business has lately offered a spectacle of a less impressive kind: of several big mutual funds coming a cropper after investing in derivatives -- financial instruments such as futures and options whose price is partly based on underlying assets such as bonds or equities.
In June PaineWebber, a securities firm, poured $268 million into a government-bond fund that it managed after the fund had lost money on risky derivatives.
This series, after a slow and unfunny start, has begun to click.
Not to be confused with ABC's ``On Our Own,'' which is also about a family of kids that tries to stay together after the parents are killed.
Comic Steve Harvey, who just closed his comedy club in Dallas after three years, stars as the widowed head of a family of three sons.
David Caruso is out after the fourth episode, and Jimmy Smits (''L.A. Law'') is in.
What, after six years, there are still unsolved mysteries?
But after all he's been through, you have to root for Wilder to succeed.
14, 1971, after which Edwards pretty much disappeared.
The only reason British ballplayers would strike is for a longer summer, or if the 100-year-old British Baseball Federation decreed there could be no beer after the games.
And after viewing that classic baseball film ``Bull Durham'' more times than they've reached base on errors the players say they know how to handle the press.
The only reason British ballplayers would strike is for a longer summer, or if the 100-year-old British Baseball Federation decreed there could be no beer after the games.
And after viewing that classic baseball film ``Bull Durham'' more times than they've reached base on errors the players say they know how to handle the press.
The blustery, blubbery and popular Madden was the first major on-camera talent to abandon CBS for Fox, after considering possibilities at NBC and ABC.
Madden and Goren, a 10-time Emmy winner who signed with Fox three days after Madden, are finding new comfort zones on the fourth network.
It's hard to find a job -- even for me after 30 years of experience in the NFL -- let alone one that just lets you be who you are.'' Meanwhile Fox is doing its best to change the way you watch pro football, its sacred game.
Troy began the book by chance -- he was approached by the publisher, Prentice Hall, after another economist turned down the opportunity.
The Clinton administration may be saved from the kind of embarrassment which the Carter administration experienced because the Cuban-American population, after witnessing the Marielito experience, is now less likely to pay U.S. boat captains to go to Cuba to pick up friends and relatives.
The brochure ended on a cheery note: ``Good Luck! Your pet will certainly appreciate your efforts.'' Somehow, I don't think Tiny Puss is going to be overwhelmed with gratitude after I've squeezed, pinched, pushed and smothered her.
Also, there would be a complete school after-care program for elementary students too young to be latchkey kids, who could ride home with their parents after work.
Lynn Morgan, employee relations specialist with Florida Power and Light, found this to be the case when her company opened a child development center after Hurricane Andrew, which destroyed most day cares in the area of their nuclear plant.
``Now is the time to plan for employees' child-care needs, rather than having to respond to them after disaster strikes,'' Morgan said.
Menopause itself is defined as the loss of menstruation and is considered to have occurred six months after the last period.
``We all know,'' Moline said, ``that the No. 1 topic of conversation after the services is the rabbi's sermon.'' 
Breaux joked after one recent Democratic meeting.
So why not wait until spring?'' Right after Labor Day, Nelson will start taking his tender plants inside.
Even after just a few months, the difference between the NLRB of the 80s and the current one is clear.
``It's much more aggressive about going after companies, much more aggressive about enforcing the law,'' said Bruce Raynor, the Southern regional director of the Amalgamated Clothing and Textile Workers Union.
This year, market analysts predict that managers will hold on to their shares in anticipation of a continued rise after a Cardoso inauguration Jan.
He disappeared on a business trip to Kingdom City, Mo. On Thursday, just hours after 17-year-old Tim DeGraffenreid led police to Drummond's body, Lafayette County Prosecutor Tim Larimore filed first-degree murder charges against the Blue Springs, Mo., teen-ager as well as Dennis Skillicorn, 34, and Allen Nicklasson, 22, both of Kansas City.
When asked about the crimes, Gregg Shane said DeGraffenreid told them, ``I've told it to everyone, and I don't want to go through it again.'' Drummond's family did not want to talk after hearing that his body had been found.
DeGraffenreid told Blue Springs police Wednesday where they could find the body, but after he led them on a three-hour search that evening they stopped because of darkness.
Authorities say that after killing Drummond, the men headed for Blue Springs, where they attended a party.
After the death of her husband, Guy, a former trumpet player for the NBC orchestra, Rose Marie was ready to give up everything after a five-year stint as a wise-cracking, man-hungry comedy writer on ``Dick Van Dyke'' ended in 1966.
I have sent quite a few,'' wrote Lt. Joe Tom Meador in a letter to his parents dated June 17, 1945, two months after a collection of 10 priceless medieval church treasures disappeared from a closely guarded cave on the outskirts of Quedlinburg in central Germany.
When Meador's brother and sister were trying to sell the treasures after his death, they asserted that he had found them ``in the gutter'' and considered them of little value.
Although the Army investigated the theft of the Quedlinburg treasures after the war, they were not traced to Meador at that time.
And it has stopped short of threatening any specific action if products wearing the logo remain on the market after the deadline.
Silverberg said that Microsoft ``will be reasonable,'' in the case of companies using the Windows logo long after the deadline.
She also remained active on the Special Olympics' board and several committees after retiring as its president.
The opening-day feature was a sizzler won in the last stride by the filly Saxuality, who poked her nose in front of Lady Affirmed after a driving duel to the wire.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Even while the British government insists there will be no constitutional change in Northern Ireland without the consent of the majority of people who live there, the militant Protestants see fresh signs of double-dealing, like London's grudging acknowledgement last year, after repeated and persistent denials, that it had engaged in secret talks with the IRA.
Morales acknowledged Friday that the Supreme Court, in reviewing similar cases from other Southern states, may not rule until after the Legislature ends its regular session in late May or early June.
As for the unemployment rate, it's coasting along at 6.1 percent -- about where it's been for four months after plunging early in the year.
A former secretary at Baker & McKenzie, the world's largest law firm, was awarded $7.1 million in punitive damages after asserting that a Baker partner had harassed her and that the firm had turned a tolerant eye.
-0- What's a body to do when, after 25 bloody years, hopes of peace burst forth in Northern Ireland?
Michael Moran, priest of the Byzantine Catholic Cathedral of St. Mary in the Los Angeles area of Van Nuys, said that houses can be blessed at any time, but the traditional time is after Jan.
 (BC-BLESSED-HOMES-LADN) The next house blessing on her list is for a couple who just bought a home after their previous one was damaged in the earthquake.
``I just throw them down here after I kill them,'' was how Simeon Goronov described the storage of the huge supply of hare and moose he amassed this summer.
Because he is, after all, the champion of many a new death penalty in the crime bill: To show that living treasures are really special to New York, I suggest D'Amato press for a new law that will make capital punishment mandatory for anybody who kills one.
Sophomore safety Chris Carter will not play after having arthroscopic knee surgery this week.
``To operate a hotel of that size and to achieve such rates and occupancy after one year is a difficult task,'' said John Fox, a PKF analyst.
Clinton spoke briefly with Irish reporters after the meeting, and his remarks about the possible aid increase were his first of any substance since he began his vacation here a week ago.
Minutes after the meeting adjourned, Clinton resumed a more familiar vacation schedule, jogging through a state forest along a paved bicycle trail, then joining his family for an afternoon trip on a yacht owned by Robert Day, a friend of Clinton's political ally and close friend, the Washington lawyer Vernon Jordan.
Meanwhile, the Russians reported Friday that a bulky unmanned supply vessel called Progress had successfully docked with the Mir after a pair of worrisome failures.
One day soon Lewis would like to wing punches at Michael Moorer, who owns the WBA and IBF titles, having taken them to his bosom after defeating Evander Holyfield.
endured some nasty bumps last week after MCI canceled the plans it had announced in February to invest $1.3 billion in the wireless communications company.
U.S. BONDS SAG ON HINT OF INFLATION  (BC-CREDIT-NYT) Prices of Treasury securities slumped Friday in a shortened trading session after a quick, early surge, as traders managed to find hints of inflationary pressures even though August's employment report was soft.
Bond prices surged when trading opened after the Labor Department reported that job growth slackened in August.
Many traders left early Friday after the Public Securities Association recommended that the market close at 2 p.m. in observance of the Labor Day weekend.
Sometimes after the ``fun'' turns deadly, sanctions are imposed.
At Southeast Missouri State, Michael Davis died after beatings during a Kappa Alpha Psi initiation in February 1993.
FOR NOW NEW YORK  (BC-WALLSTREET-ART-2TAKES-$ADV04-NYT) It was just hours after the engagement was announced, and the two executives conversed with all the deference and high hopes that are typical of the just-committed couple.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Even while the British government insists there will be no constitutional change in Northern Ireland without the consent of the majority of people who live there, the militant Protestants see fresh signs of double-dealing, like London's grudging acknowledgement last year, after repeated and persistent denials, that it had engaged in secret talks with the IRA.
Zipping through the turnstile after buying the card, some unwary commuters who hadn't read the fine print on the posters imagined token-free futures.
With no medical insurance, the Cowell family faced more than $100,000 in medical bills, the report said, after two operations and continuing therapy for Steven at the Tisch Hospital at the New York University Medical Center.
	Pedrag Nikolic, the Bosnian grandmaster, was depressed about the future of chess yesterday after being defeated by a computer.
	``It is a serious danger that computers will destroy this human pastime,'' Nikolic said after his defeat in a speed chess event in London, Reuters reported.
James Kennedy, the chairman and chief executive of the Forschner Group in Shelton, Conn., which distributes the genuine item, said Chinese exports of bogus Swiss knives were ``nothing new; it's been going on for 20 years, ever since Washington allowed trading with China to commence.'' But Forschner was roused to legal action in 1992, Kennedy said, after Chinese-made knives began appearing with the cross and shield and the words Swiss Army.
Elsener, a boyish, soft-spoken man of 36, said the popularity of the Swiss Army knives arose after World War II, when American servicemen stationed in Europe snapped the knives up wherever they found them.
This year, Forschner's revenues are expected to reach $140 million, Kennedy said, after $107 million in 1993.
Stock and bond prices were initially lifted after the August unemployment rate came in exactly at the consensus estimate of 6.1 percent, and growth totaled 179,000 new jobs, a lower-than-expected figure.
Nextel shares fell 2}, to 22{, after MCI Communications announced, after the market closed Thursday, that it had ended talks with Nextel on an alliance to develop a wireless network.
Computer stocks were mixed Friday after a big fall on Thursday.
American Express rose {, to 29, after Business Week reported that General Electric was studying a takeover of American Express.
The Saints would go after the opponent with a physical, aggressive running game and try to control the clock and wear down the defense.
Last season, they sagged to 8-8 after a 5-0 start.
On the job front, they are far less optimistic than they were just after the election.
The motto aboard Further I was ``You're either on the bus or off the bus.'' The new motto is: ``You're either on the bus or under the bus,'' adopted after repeated breakdowns on the summerlong tour of ``Twister,'' an interactive play.
The latest polls show that Barry, who was considered politically dead after his 1990 crack arrest, is running neck and neck with John Ray, a city council member, to become the Democratic mayoral candidate in the September 13 primary.
Treasury securities slumped in a shortened trading session after an early surge.
One official said the flow slowed because a backlog of Cubans waiting to flee after last weekend's storm had dissipated.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Clinton took such actions -- stepping up anti-Castro broadcasts and banning almost all remittances to Cuba -- after the powerful Cuban American National Foundation complained that his decision to end the 28-year-old American practice of allowing entry for all Cuban refugees punished Cubans without punishing Castro.
Goss, R-Fla., attended the dinner after spending the day at the Guantanamo Bay base.
``If there is a light vote, particularly in our community, the Giuliani you think is going wild now, he'll go buck crazy after Sept.
``He's trying to change, not just deal with blacks,'' said Ken Heyman, getting Sharpton's autograph after hearing him urge job training as a better alternative to the ``crazy idea'' in the crime bill of providing money for midnight basketball.
``The fact that it is provoking a reaction makes me satisfied,'' Andrew Revkin, the author of the book ``The Burning Season,'' from which the film is derived, said after the Thursday screening.
It was the Saturday morning after Fox television made its first test-run as a broadcaster of professional football, a preseason National Football League game in San Francisco last month.
He is, after all, spending 49 percent more than CBS paid for the previous four years.
A sportscasting newcomer, Jimmy Johnson, who left as coach of the Cowboys last year, after winning two Super Bowls, has been signed up for $600,000 a year.
If I don't, I'll hold a gun to my head -- after I'm fired.'' Still, the top Fox executives are more concerned with using football to build the network's franchise than with this season's audience ratings.
``We'll build our coverage, strengthen our affiliates and increase revenues year after year,'' said Chase Carey, the chairman of Fox Television.
``No question that after four years, the NFC deal will be materially profitable for us.'' Hill obviously hopes so.
On the other hand, construction jobs eased 6,000 in August after 13 straight months of growth that swelled payrolls by more than 300,000, the department noted.
Employment in the retail trade was essentially unchanged after two months of robust growth.
``The offensive line has done a good job after undergoing some changes, and we ran the ball well in preseason.
Free safety Marcus Robertson, who earned All-Pro recognition last season despite missing two games because of major knee surgery, returns to the lineup after sitting out the last three preseason games with a pinched nerve in his shoulder.
The police say they began their search for Robert last Sunday night, shortly after he fired a semiautomatic pistol into a crowd of teen-agers on instructions from older gang members, possibly the same ones who later ordered his execution.
The two individuals joined when they were 10 and 11.'' Nevels said a witness directed the police to the brothers, who were picked up Thursday, along with other gang members, hours after Robert's body was found.
Tom Riley, a lobbyist for the California Academy of Family Physicians, said the Hearst report ``really documents the problem out there.'' He noted that the survey was carried out in the spring of 1993, after UC officials pledged to Governor Wilson that the university would aim to train 55 percent of its resident physicians in primary care by 2001.
A similar bill was vetoed by the governor in 1992, but only after he secured the pledge to meet the quotas voluntarily.
The boy, Jacob Tracy, who was about to begin the fifth grade, was killed with a gun, which may have been stolen, after he refused to accept an apology from a third boy, the authorities said.
The shooting in this quiet, blue-collar town in northwest New Jersey, 15 miles from the Pennsylvania border, occurred just four days after an 11-year-old boy on Chicago's Far South Side was accused of firing a semiautomatic pistol into a group of teen-agers playing football, killing a 14-year-old girl.
Late Thursday night, after questioning, the authorities charged him with murder.
The 13-year-old, who was to enter the eighth grade next week, was held at a youth detention center after his arrest and returned there after a brief closed hearing Friday in Hunterdon County Family Court.
KNICKS TALK WITH RON HARPER NEW YORK  (BC-BKN-KNICKS-250&ADD-NYT) The New York Knicks have held several discussions with Ron Harper, the free-agent guard who played last season with the Los Angeles Clippers, but do not appear close to a deal and might wait until after Sept.
Earlier, Dudley had opted out of a seven-year, $11 million contract he signed last season after turning down a six-year, $18 million offer from the Nets.
There has also been speculation that the Knicks might be going after Kevin Gamble, the 6-foot-5-inch inch swingman for the Boston Celtics, and Duane Ferrell, a 6-7 Atlanta Hawks forward.
He won a Super Bowl in his first year after replacing Bill Walsh.
Agulnick said he did not want Thompson to talk to reporters until after the district attorney finished his inquiry, but he said that both Thompson and Robinson were willing to make public the tape of his interview with investigators.
22 in the subway station at 53rd Street and Lexington Avenue came after transit police officers responded to a report of two youths with guns on the platform.
In the taped interview, Thompson is not directly asked whether DelDebbio fired continuously or whether he paused after the first shots, then opened fire again -- a question that is at the center of the investigation.
But Thompson makes it clear that after Robinson was struck by the first shot from the off-duty officer, he himself had time to take cover and reposition himself before DelDebbio took a step out of the subway train and fired as many as three shots into the back of the prone plain-clothes officer.
Thompson told investigators that he saw his partner fall to the ground after being hit once and that he later saw DelDebbio emerge from the subway car, extend a hand to Robinson's hip and fire three times, pointing downward, from roughly 2 feet away.
Thompson said he believed DelDebbio was wounded by a uniformed transit officer after he had finished firing at Robinson.
``I didn't believe him, not after I saw his face, and the way he was shooting,'' said Thompson.
``It was like when you are swimming and you start to drown and you put your head up to get air and somebody pushes you back into the water,'' said an uncharacteristically subdued Medvedev, long after the drowning was over.
``You really had to be a serve-and-volley player and have one of your best matches to beat him today,'' said Medvedev, who plays almost solely from the baseline, of Novacek after the match.
Novacek won 84 percent of his first serve points, fired nine aces and nailed winner after winner from either side.
``I felt fantastic,'' said Novacek, who will face Todd Woodbridge in the third round, after the match.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Medvedev briefly showed signs of life in the third set, trying to break back after Novacek accomplished one in the fifth game.
AUTOPSIES INCONCLUSIVE IN FAMILY'S DEATHS NEW YORK  (BC-NY-DEAD-FAMILY-NYT) The mystery surrounding the death of a woman and her three children in a Manhattan housing project deepened after autopsies Friday proved inconclusive.
He even staged a mini-retirement two weeks ago, after losing to Alex Corretja in the second round at Indianapolis, returning three days later to call it ``a momentary lapse of sanity -- or insanity.'' It's just that Courier has never struck anyone as a head case, or a potential burnout victim.
He's the guy who addressed a delighted crowd in French after winning that Grand Slam title.
He had a tempestuous Wimbledon with the British press that year, and after he lost the final to Sampras, people on both continents were calling it dreadfully dull stuff.
It's just words.'' Courier was calm, almost serene, after this disappointing loss.
``That should be the end of it,'' Bowden said after Conoly's suspension was announced on Thursday.
Montgomery died after surgery at Bellevue Hospital Center.
Not long after he left the Raiders to return to the Broncos in 1989, Shanahan was asked if he thought he'd get ``another head coaching chance.'' ``Another?'' he said.
I called Long to ask him about the Sumner incident, but he said the ``time I chased (49ers offensive line coach) Bobb McKittrick into the locker room is much better.'' That little incident happened in Los Angeles in 1985, after, in Long's words, ``Joe Montana had just torn us a new rear end.'' The Raiders were not in a very good mood anyhow after losing, 34-10, but Long was furious with the 49er linemen for what he called ``leg whipping and chop-blocking and all those things that pencil-necked offensive linemen do.'' Long exchanged punches with Keith Fahnhorst, who told him, ``don't blame me,'' and pointed to McKittrick on the sideline.
This week, newcomer Gary Plummer told reporters that Raider offensive guard Steve Wisniewski is ``one of the big cheap shot artists in the league,'' and said ``the first thing I want to do is go after Steve Wisniewski.'' Long suggests Wisniewski won't be hard to find.
``I do not know what they are going to do to us after this thing ends.'' Reinaldo Hernandez was bolder.
For shoveling snow they were paid $10, the same amount they received for cleaning up after sick or drunken members.
From a public relations point of view, management's attempt to win a giveback on the vomit stipend was not a triumphant strategy, and soon after it was made public in newspapers, it was quietly abandoned.
Now after five months not a single striker has broken ranks, while some members have stopped using the club.
L.A. TO ARM SECURITY GUARDS PATROLLING QUAKE `GHOST TOWN' LOS ANGELES  (BC-GHOST-TOWNS-LADN) One day after gang members traded gunfire in the area, city officials decided Friday to begin arming some private security guards patrolling a suburban North Hills ``ghost town.'' A City Council committee approved the plan despite concerns expressed by Los Angeles Police Department officials.
He didn't erupt in frustration, as he did after losing a hard-court match in Indianapolis two weeks ago, vowing to stash away his racquets, possibly for good.
And after winning the third set, bringing the highly partisan crowd to life, he dropped the first four games of the fourth set, reducing the six match points he saved in the eighth and ninth games to little more than a figurative thumbing of his nose in the face of inevitable defeat.
``My confidence is not particularly high after today, but I'm satisfied,'' Courier said after the match.
She complained about noisy Open conditions after her second-round victory over Nicole Arendt.
And after one untimely flubbed overhead smash cost her a second-set break Friday that likely would have sewn up the match against a player she had beaten six straight times, Martinez's coach, Eric Von Harpen, said, ``She was looking for things to bother her.'' The crucial blown point came with the 40th-ranked Helgeson serving at 3-all, 30-40, in the second set.
``Today,'' said her coach, Von Harpen, after the match, ``I don't recognize my player.'' MATCH POINTS: No. 8 Gabriela Sabatini benefited most from Conchita Martinez's defeat, as the draw opened up for her to reach the semifinals.
STUDENT PAID TO QUIT SWARTHMORE WON'T BE RETURNING  (BC-SWARTHMORE-HARASSMENT-NYT) The student who was paid by Swarthmore College to attend Boston College after a classmate accused him of harassment has refused Swarthmore's offer of readmission.
The student, Ewart Yearwood, will continue to take classes at Boston University, where he spent the spring semester last year after Swarthmore suspended him for violating a school order to stay away from a first-year classmate, Alexis Clinansmith.
Ms. Clinansmith filed a sexual harassment complaint last fall, saying that Yearwood had stalked and intimidated her after she refused to date him.
Friends of Shavon Dean, 14, who the police says was slain by a boy, 11, leave a Chicago chapel after her funeral.
Friends of Shavon Dean, 14, who the police says was slain by a boy, 11, leave a Chicago chapel after her funeral.
Friends of Shavon Dean, 14, who the police says was slain by a boy, 11, leave a Chicago chapel after her funeral.
She has also attacked his participation in the House bank, which was closed in 1992 after a scandal over its practice of covering overdrafts until members made their checks good.
``And they said, `He's the only one who can raise the money.' I said, `He raised $3 million last time, and he still lost.''' But in attacking Rowland after barely qualifying for the primary, she has risked appearing combative and shrill.
She has also attacked his participation in the House bank, which was closed in 1992 after a scandal over its practice of covering overdrafts until members made their checks good.
``And they said, `He's the only one who can raise the money.' I said, `He raised $3 million last time, and he still lost.''' But in attacking Rowland after barely qualifying for the primary, she has risked appearing combative and shrill.
``There are people at other programs on the rise who won't say that about themselves, but I will.'' Leader of the pack is sophomore Ramon Flanigan, who ranks as the top returning quarterback in the SWC after averaging 224.5 yards per game last year.
Throughout the league, coaches point to the need to break from the blocks quickly to offset negative perceptions and publicity stemming from the SWC's impending breakup after the 1995-96 school year.
``Our reputation is pretty much going to be decided after three or four weeks, based on how we do in big nonconference games against people like Oklahoma, Nebraska and Pitt,'' Rice coach Ken Hatfield said.
It got to be winter, six months after the Princess Stakes debacle that sent a dispirited Eliza back to Allen Paulson's San Diego County farm.
Hassinger had veterinarian Steve Allday examine the filly after every workout, the last 10 at Del Mar.
Doctors opted to remove his appendix instead of following the more popular approach of running after him and waiting until he dropped it.
Track officials became suspicious after reports that Modahl never asked for directions when she got lost and never called dates when she promised she would.
Layoffs are likely to follow, after Graziano discusses staffing needs next week with department heads and the club learns how many employees will take the buyout option.
The Kingdome's problems unfolded in July and August after four wood-fiber ceiling tiles fell into the seating area before a July 19 Seattle Mariners baseball game.
His previous contract was to expire after the 1994 season, but he said exploring the free-agent market did not interest him.
Two hours after the accident, Connors' blood-alcohol level measured 0.08 percent -- the minimum amount to be considered legally drunk.
Deputy District Attorney Stephen Baron said Connors would have a state parole officer for as long as four years after his release.
Like Raveling is called upon much more often to lecture on the topic ``Why My Team Stinks Year after Year.'' At the University of Minnesota, where the cold must make people loony, women's athletic director Chris Voelz is fending off requests by her volleyball and basketball coaches for pay more comparable to the men's.
Going in, I don't think we're as proven a football team as we were a year ago because of the players that we've lost, but we're as confident, if not more confident, than we were going into the season a year ago.'' Officially, kickoff isn't until just after 3 o'clock tomorrow afternoon.
``But after I settled down I realized that was pretty unrealistic.'' Not so outlandish, said Sonju, is signing Kidd before the start of the next minicamp, Sept.15-17.
Sonju is encouraging the sooner-is-better approach because he said ``a lot of our financial flexibility will be gone after we sign Roy (Tarpley).'' The Mavs expect Tarpley to be reinstated to the National Basketball Association later this month.
And, remember what happened months after officials of KRLD/1080 AM said buying office space at The Ballpark in Arlington had nothing to do with their pursuit of Rangers broadcasts?
Released by the Mavs after last season, White was subsequently cut by the Suns after a month on their off-season roster.
The 31-31 tie at San Diego State after that.
That wouldn't be happening if Marvin Goodwin hadn't left early for the NFL and Tommy Bennett hadn't been suspended after his arrest on forgery charges.
It's easy to feel small in the face of such splendid power.'' This is Claytor's first face-to-face encounter with wild elephants, one of many serendipitous side trips the young aviator has taken, singly and with other bush pilots, on a daredevil journey around the world in his single-engine plane, named Timmissartok after one of aviation pioneer Charles Lindbergh's aircraft.
One of his closest calls was in Muslim Algeria, right after the Persian Gulf War.
It's easy to feel small in the face of such splendid power.'' This is Claytor's first face-to-face encounter with wild elephants, one of many serendipitous side trips the young aviator has taken, singly and with other bush pilots, on a daredevil journey around the world in his single-engine plane, named Timmissartok after one of aviation pioneer Charles Lindbergh's aircraft.
One of his closest calls was in Muslim Algeria, right after the Persian Gulf War.
Because he is, after all, the champion of many a new death penalty in the crime bill: To show that living treasures are really special to New York, I suggest D'Amato press for a new law that will make capital punishment mandatory for anybody who kills one.
``We all know,'' Moline said, ``that the No. 1 topic of conversation after the services is the rabbi's sermon.'' 
``I just throw them down here after I kill them,'' was how Simeon Goronov described the storage of the huge supply of hare and moose he amassed this summer.
James Kennedy, the chairman and chief executive of the Forschner Group in Shelton, Conn., which distributes the genuine item, said Chinese exports of bogus Swiss knives were ``nothing new; it's been going on for 20 years, ever since Washington allowed trading with China to commence.'' But Forschner was roused to legal action in 1992, Kennedy said, after Chinese-made knives began appearing with the cross and shield and the words Swiss Army.
Elsener, a boyish, soft-spoken man of 36, said the popularity of the Swiss Army knives arose after World War II, when American servicemen stationed in Europe snapped the knives up wherever they found them.
This year, Forschner's revenues are expected to reach $140 million, Kennedy said, after $107 million in 1993.
But we go back and forth, because after a while it gets boring.
Says the costume supervisor, Charlaine Simmons: ``Elaine (Julia Louis-Dreyfuss) is probably going to move a little forward, oddly enough, after having hung out with those guys for three years.
Congressional leaders say they still hope to find a modest, scaled-back alternative when they return after Labor Day.
The consultants and the politicians -- and Patterson would add the press -- responded to that cynicism in the health care struggle and fed it, as they have in one campaign after another in recent years.
Even working-man heroes immortalized in song, like John Henry and Casey Jones, die after accomplishing their Herculean tasks.
In a 1911 version of ``Casey Jones'' that entered the large canon of union songs, however, work troubles persist after death.
Shortly after Petersen's first arrest in 1991, the FBI persuaded him to work for them undercover, and he said one of his first duties was helping them build their case against Poulsen.
Both sides have moved from the phase of hitting each other to one where now we're looking at where we stand.'' Feinstein, who was elected only two years ago to fill out Wilson's unexpired term, has been highly visible in the Senate fighting for aid for Southern California after the earthquake, pushing the assault weapon ban into the crime bill and in getting more money for border patrol agents.
Morocco thus became the second Arab country, after Egypt, to establish official ties with Israel, and the Israelis hint at more to come.
Reeves can't use that ``quality depth'' phrase because Graham is as unproven as Brown, who will be making his first start after two seasons on the sideline.
``It is a disaster.'' Fuentes, who for years was a darling of the intelligensia in Cuba, became disillusioned when Castro executed two army officers in 1989 after trying them on what are widely believed to have been trumped-up charges of drug trafficking.
He managed to win back their favor and went on to write ``Hemingway in Cuba,'' after the government gave him access to Finca Viga, the novelist's longtime residence outside Havana.
These were the two men executed after a nationally televised trial.
At the same time, the economic vise was tightening around everyone in Cuba after the financial support of the former Soviet bloc countries ended.
Prominent American writers, including Norman Mailer and William Kennedy, and the writers' group PEN petitioned Castro, and after 20 days Fuentes was released.
An elderly woman, after stuttering in embarassment, finally asked a foreigner for the free soap that comes with the rooms.
But before ``Monday Night Football'' stormed the football kingdom in 1970, before the first team of Keith Jackson, Howard Cosell and Don Meredith yielded after Year 1 to Cosell, Meredith and Frank Gifford, the National Football League entertained thoughts of ``Friday Night Football,'' or ``Monday Night Football'' on CBS or NBC.
 (BC-BBO-NOTEBOOK-2NDTAKE-NYT) The strangest line in Dave Winfield's Hall of Fame-type career record could list a series of zeroes after ``Cleveland.'' The Minnesota Twins traded the 42-year-old veteran to the Indians last Wednesday, but he probably will never play for them.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) China has become Russia's second largest trading partner after Germany.
Wu Jianmin, a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman, said after Saturday's meetings, ``Both leaders stressed that the international community should acknowledge that there is no single pattern for the development of all countries and that all countries should be equal.'' He said the subject of human rights had not come up.
The chances of large storms diminish after mid-October, he said.
When Congress gets back, Clinton, realistically, will have just days -- not weeks or months -- to save legislation that, after all, he promised to deliver.
But after talks intensified last week, the league announced that the teams would conduct ``business as usual'' in the preseason, although Bettman has instituted several severe cutbacks in benefits, among them a slashing of insurance and pension payments.
Campbell moved up from his associate role to replace Keenan after Keenan went to St. Louis as coach and general manager.
Back behind the bench after an impressive first season are Jacques Lemaire, the head coach, and Larry Robinson, his top assistant.
And we go after the quarterback.
But after more than a decade of pedaling, they encounter little resistance from their human clients.
They are the main reason that the Zimbabwe delegation will be among the most feted and sought after when the United Nations convenes a population conference on Monday in Cairo.
``It's difficult to look after them.'' But she responds noncommittally to a suggestion from a family planning nurse that she have her tubes tied.
At first, police suspected that the men, ranging in age from their early 20s to their late 40s, had all died after using an extremely potent blend of heroin called China Cat that is being sold on the Lower East Side.
Friends of Shavon Dean, 14, who the police says was slain by a boy, 11, leave a Chicago chapel after her funeral.
Sometime after 1 a.m. last Sunday they heard a commotion in the sixth-floor hallway and saw a few strangers banging on Aramburo's door.
``They don't need a surrogate.'' Just after the state convention in May, Ms. Castro hired Mrs.
Rollins, who gained notoriety by boasting after Mrs.
A television advertisement for him last month maintained that the state was ``No. 1 in lost jobs.'' But even after acknowledging news reports that showed that New York actually ranked second in lost jobs since July 1990, when the national recession began, Pataki has persisted.
Ehrenhalt, the bureau's regional commissioner, who had pointed out that the government's methodology for collecting some employment data had changed and that accurate comparisons could not be made between figures before and after January of this year.
Ehrenhalt added that the Pataki campaign did not get in touch with him until Wednesday, after the advertisement was on the air and after reporters had started questioning the statistics.
A Former Speaker signs On As a Vice President at Nynex Stanley Fink, the former speaker of the New York state Assembly, wasted little time in finding a new job after his law and lobbying firm, Bower & Gardner, announced in late July that it was disbanding.
More than a year after winning the Central Lovell Inn, the two still seem giddy about their good fortune.
No, the greatest revelation to me in the first six days is that when the weather is pleasant, the U.S. Open ain't such a bad place, after all.
``If I couldn't play in the pros, well, I would be really saddened by that.'' So would Becton's mother, Ethel, who raised Lee and his older brother in Ernul, N.C., near Greenville, after she and Lee's father split.
Becton said his mother has become a huge football fan after initially resisting her son's efforts to join his friends in the Pop Warner League.
If they don't there's not a lot I can do about it.'' Shiver of the Bears will reserve judgment until after the final act, but said he thought Becton was big enough and fast enough to follow his predecessors into the NFL.
He said that after three decades of granting entry to all Cubans, President Clinton's decision to keep boat people at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Station would not in a matter of one or two weeks dissuade Cubans from heading to Florida by raft.
Those hijackings, he said, were fueled by Washington's longtime policy of not prosecuting Cubans who head to Florida after using violence to steal boats.
``Right after the recession, people bought durable goods,'' said Shawn Flaherty, a spokeswoman for the Travel Industry Association, based in Washington.
Overall tourist travel to Florida continued to drop, probably because of fear after 10 foreign visitors were killed in the state from October 1992 to April 1994.
A LAWYER'S SABBATICAL: MINOR-LEAGUE BASEBALL  (BC-LAWYER-PITCHER-530&ADD-NYT) When Gina Satriano returns to work on Tuesday, it will be the first day in four months that she has not warmed up by running and stretching, the first day that she starts her job early in the morning, instead of mostly at night, and the first day that she is not signing autographs after hours, no matter how spectacularly she has performed.
She was speaking by phone from Idaho after watching her team lose to the Boise All-Stars, 4-1.
When she was 7 and growing up in the San Fernando Valley in California in the early 1970s, she became the first girl in the state to play Little League baseball after her mother threatened to sue California's Little League association.
The children's mother deserted them not long after that.
By the end of last season, after that crunching Oilers' playoff loss at home to Kansas City, it was apparent that Moon was frazzled.
Such limited results, repeated night after night, suggest that Giuliani's planned police squad will probably have a difficult time making an impact on the city's homeless.
Even Joan Malin, commissioner of the Department of Homeless Services, said any police strategy that simply moved the homeless from one neighborhood to the next would undermine the long-term efforts by local social service agencies who counsel the same people day after day.
The officers expressed hope that after months of trying, they would have a breakthrough in their efforts to turn around Winston's life.
HOSPITAL WORKERS ASSAIL REPORT ON EMERGENCY ROOM FUMES LOS ANGELES  (BC-CALIF-HOSP-FUMES-432&ADD-NYT) The most seriously ill of several hospital workers who fainted after smelling mysterious fumes while treating a dying patient has criticized a new state study that suggested the cause of the mass fainting was shared stress.
The hospital worker, Dr. Julie Gorchynski, who was bedridden for months after the bizarre incident on Feb.
The bones in both my knees are dead and they never even bothered to interview me.'' The state Department of Health Services, in a study issued Friday, reviewed the medical records of five staff members at Riverside General Hospital who were hospitalized and interviewed the 34 other workers who were in the emergency room when 31-year-old Gloria Ramirez was brought in after complaining of chest and stomach pains.
Ramirez went into cardiac arrest and died shortly after of what doctors said was kidney failure brought on by cervical cancer.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Riverside County is being sued by three emergency room workers, including Dr. Gorchynski, who had muscle spasms and difficulty breathing after the incident.
Davison, a professor of clinical psychology at the University of California at Los Angeles, said he had doubts about the report after reading the summary of its findings.
A similar incident occurred several weeks after the Riverside case in Bakersfield, 100 miles north of Los Angeles, after a woman ingested Dursban, a common household insecticide.
In that case, doctors and nurses treating the 44-year-old woman became dizzy and short of breath after inserting a breathing tube into her chest.
``People gather around the U.N. garbage containers after meals and take the food the soldiers throw out, and the police sometimes come and confiscate what the people have scavenged,'' Ganic said.
``We walked all day long, one after another, and slept on the ground at night,'' Ganic said, showing off the slippers he fashioned for the trip from a pair of rubber work boots.
``I worked as a lumberjack in those forests for 25 years.'' Their food ran out after three days.
But administration officials are more pessimistic than ever about avoiding an invasion, especially after a week in which a Roman Catholic priest and close ally of Aristide was murdered, the junta refused to arrange a meeting with U.N. envoys and U.S. officials made their toughest warnings to date.
The junta's position hardened for good last October after the USS Harlan County, carrying 200 Canadian and U.S. military trainers, was turned back by armed demonstrators from the docks of Port-au-Prince just two weeks before the negotiated date of Aristide's return.
It was 1983, and John Elway, after a solid preseason, had just been named the man by his coach, Dan Reeves.
Widmer is starter in name only, and Bailey, who led the team in tackles last season, may yet reclaim his job after being benched.
Joshua suffers from a birth defect affecting the bones called arthrogryposis, Menard said, adding that the braces were paid for only after a protracted fight with Medicaid officials.
In past years the dancers were, in the words of several longtime customers, ``buck naked.'' But after last year's fair, a group called the Shenandoah Coalition Against Pornography was formed to protest the hootchy tent, so this year each performer wore two Band-Aid-size pasties and a bikini bottom.
A judge released them after they agreed to appear in court, and on Friday night the show went on as scheduled.
Laura Fogle, a physical therapist who said she founded the coalition after her 6-year-old daughter watched a barker shilling the performers' charms, said her group had seven board members and a mailing list of 2,000.
``I had two calls from women who were abused after their husbands attended the show.'' Lewis Miller, the executive vice president of the International Association of Fairs and Expositions, a group based in Missouri, said burlesque shows have been fading from fairs for 30 years as nude bars proliferated and movies and television turned racy.
Although no leading analysts have predicted that the Republicans will gain the 7 seats necessary to win back the Senate, or the 40 seats needed to take control of the House after four decades of Democratic control, they acknowledge that shifts of such magnitude are not inconceivable.
They're really coming after me.' '' Besides the local issues that often decide congressional races, crime has arisen as an overriding theme almost everywhere.
``Of all the Grand Slam tournaments, I think that my best chances of winning are here at the open and also at the Australian, partly because both are very similar surfaces and I haven't done all that well on clay in my lifetime,'' Chang said after the American Jim Grabb retired from their third-round Grandstand match Saturday with Chang coasting, 6-1, 4-1.
``I can assure you that the people I represent along the peace line and various interfaces in North Belfast are very pleased that the police are there in street after street because that is the only protection that they have,'' he said.
Pitt had a chance to tie the game after scoring with 36 seconds left on a 16-yard pass from quarterback Sean Fitzgerald to receiver Mark Butler.
The Panthers' last-ditch efforts came after the backup running back Anthony Holmes fumbled at the Texas 48 with 1:14 left in the game.
Texas, revived after being stopped at its 41, wound up scoring 8 plays and 44 yards later on a 3-yard pass from Morenz to tight end Jimmy Hakes.
``There'' is life after the strike-shattered 1994 season.
One owner said that some of his colleagues feel that if the strike remains unsettled after the World Series, the momentum shifts to management.
The schedule, after all, has been set and wasn't about to change.
This has been on my mind a long time.'' Because the date was established a day or two after the owners learned that the players' executive board planned to have a meeting Sept.
At that time, the U.S. attorney was investigating the city's Housing Authority, the Essex County prosecutor was looking into payments made by the city to some of the companies hired to salt city streets after snowstorms, and the state attorney general was examining the city's purchasing practices.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Graf wasn't in any real danger against her 21-year-old opponent Saturday when she was broken in the opening game of the second set after sailing a forehand long at 30-40.
In her news conference after her victory, Grossman said, ``I really did hate myself growing up because tennis was everything to my dad,'' the Ohioan said.
Davenport, seeded sixth and expected to leave her mark here in the later rounds, instead left the Open crestfallen Saturday after her game was buffeted by the wind and dissected in straight sets, 6-3, 7-6 (7-1), by the same diminutive underdog who ousted her on grass last year at Eastbourne, England.
The sixth-seeded Chang was the beneficiary of a truncated workday after his opponent, Jim Grabb, surrendered to a chronic shoulder injury and bailed out of their match with Chang far ahead, 6-1, 4-1, in the second set.
Williams of the Marines, awaited the arrival of ships bearing 4,000 refugees on Friday, he estimated that the base would have the capacity for about 12,000 more Cuban refugees after they docked.
Many said they had made it this far after three or four failed escape attempts that sometimes landed them in prison.
Smart Money also expects the Federal Reserve Board to do its part after spending this year fighting inflation with tight credit policies designed to slow economic growth.
He isn't prepared to make a prediction until after the election results are in.
``We're not going to stop going after the larger shows to the best of our ability.'' he said.
In the bureau's reports, there is instance after instance where meeting planners pointed to Kansas City's lack of close-in hotel rooms: The Health Industry Distributors Association of Alexandria, Va., passed by Kansas City for its 1997 and 2000 meetings.
He rallied to win his first race by nine lengths after trailing by 10.
Its fee would equal 75 percent of the saving on water bills compared with costs a year earlier for the first three months after completion and 50 percent for the next 33 months.
David Wilborn, president of Metropolitan, said the deal made financial sense based on its own research, which indicated that a toilet -- the heaviest domestic water user of all -- normally increased consumption to 185 to 200 gallons a day after five to seven years as a result of minor leaks.
The company got its payment from the broker's commission after the sale.
Both closed last June after brokers withheld their listings.
The dates are specific and leave little time to waste, starting with the five-day period after the World Series ends when teams must offer salary arbitration to retain their repeater-rights players or risk losing them as free agents.
Strawberry at least had returned to action after drug treatment and played well enough to impact the NL West race.
``It was just a matter of me keeping after it during preseason and playing well,'' Biekert said.
2) Will Jimmy Johnson escape his fish tank and show up week after week?
Ranking of biggest changes on non-Fox studio shows: 1) Greg Gumbel replaces Jim Lampley after one year on NBC's ``NFL Live'' (in year two After Costas); 2) Ahmad Rashad becomes the ex-player-with-some-star-quality element on NBC's ``NFL Live'' (with O.J. Simpson temporarily incapacitated); 3) Brent Musburger and Peter King occupy the ABC ``Monday Night Football'' halftime segment; 3) Lawrence Taylor joins TNT's ``Stadium Show''; 4) Leslie Visser joins ESPN ``GameDay''; 5) NFC's ``NFL Live'' pretends it'll get more information with pseudo-reporter Jim ``I Know Eric Dickerson'' Gray.
On the first possession of the second half, Toomer scored his second touchdown of the afternoon on a 38-yard reception that helped give the Wolverines a 21-12 lead and they were never threatened after that.
The Seminoles blew a chance to increase their halftime margin after linebacker Todd Rebol recovered receiver Demetrius Allen's fumble at the Virginia 31.
Kannel said he was nervous when the game began but settled down after Dunn scored.
``I felt a lot more comfortable after that because I realized I had a lot of help.'' Bowden said Florida State passed so much because Virginia used eight-man defense.
The Golden Flash score came in the 12th minute of the final period after a Rutgers punt had been blocked.
The 49ers trailed at halftime, 28-7, and never got closer than two touchdowns after that.
``I thank God that we had the challenge presented to us, because if you knew how down we were as an organization and how discouraged and disgusted we were after losing to Dallas -- it was just crushing to lose that game and be facing what everyone considered our Waterloo.
Most importantly, Morenz said, he threw no interceptions after having four in last year's season opener at Colorado.
What we have is a chance at a lifetime of memories.'' But as if attempting to win an unprecedented third consecutive Super Bowl isn't challenge enough, consider that Switzer's unretirement after five years of post-University of Oklahoma exile is rife with a host of other obstacles.
Since the 1971 NFL-AFL merger, only three of the 14 men who have taken a pro job after previously working as a college head coach had winning records.
When, after the 1988 season, Switzer's job and the Sooners dynasty finally collapsed under the weight of incidents he calls ``rapin', shootin' and dopin','' the coach began to learn some lessons he said he plans to apply to the Cowboys when adversity does strike.
The construction on that new house begins sometime after that.
``Loyalty is a word that has become nonexistent,'' said Bradshaw, who rose to television stardom with CBS after his playing days.
One of the biggest attractions after price is the city's appreciation for old-fashioned manufacturing.
At 4-4, Reneberg scored a mini-break after Fromberg blasted a forehand long.
USC defeated Washington 24-17 before 54,538 at the Coliseum, open again after eight months and a $60 million facial.
Delon Washington, a few months out of Kimball High School in Dallas, rushed for 109 yards, 100 of them on eight second-half carries, those 100 after USC fell behind 17-10.
He didn't score a touchdown because Shawn Walters, USC's rushing leader last season, got two of them; rugged, violent runs of seven and three yards after halftime.
WASHINGTON COMES UNDONE WITH FIVE TURNOVERS LOS ANGELES  (BC-FBN-USCSIDEBAR-LADN) In the Washington locker room after its 24-17 loss to USC on Saturday, the Huskies players came to a unanimous conclusion: We gave this one away.
In the seven-point loss, the team could look back on these mistakes, in no particular order of angst: A second-and-goal at the 2 that produced only a field goal after Washington botched two straight plays.
``I didn't play that good,'' admitted Huard after pulling his baseball cap over his eyes while facing the glare of television lights.
On Washington's first possession, Kaufman ran through USC's defense without a second thought until Jeff Kopp knocked the ball out of Kaufman's arms after a 14-yard gain that had gotten the Huskies into USC territory.
 (BC-RAC-DEL MAR SIDEBAR-LADN) Jockey Eddie Delahoussaye, thrown over the rail but clear of the tumbling horse, landed heavily on his right hip and was sent to Scripps Memorial Hospital after blood was found in his urine.
Ramblin Guy, the 1993 Hollywood Juvenile Championship winner, veered left after starting the 6{-furlong race from post 1.
So Solis, after breaking from post 8, kept watching and waiting.
``But nobody wanted to (lead),'' McAnally said after posing for winner's-circle pictures with owner Verne Winchell, the doughnuts man.
Eliza and Pat Valenzuela had a two-length lead after they covered the first 6 furlongs in a quick 1:08 2/5.
``She got a little heat exhaustion after the race (and) they had to throw cold water on her, that's how hard she ran,'' Valenzuela said.
We couldn't expect miracles after what happened last year.'' The champion 2-year-old filly of 1992, Eliza began to fall apart when owner Allen Paulson ran her against colts in the Santa Anita Derby.
The deal, larger than those signed by Cowboys quarterback Troy Aikman (eight years, $50 million) and Rangers outfielder Juan Gonzalez (seven years, $48 million), also includes an option to renegotiate after the sixth year.
``He's here, and the earliest we can even start thinking about a new deal is after the sixth season,'' Mavericks general manager Norm Sonju said.
But after talking with coach Dick Motta and player personnel director Keith Grant, Sonju said, ``it was apparent that was the direction to go.'' Kidd, who last month signed an eight-year, $15 million deal with Nike, said he will alter a promotional tour of the Far East for the shoe company later this month to take part in the Mavericks' minicamp Sept.15-17.
Immediately after signing the contract, Kidd made a donation of $46,000 to West Dallas Community Church to be used to buy a new basketball court.
``I wanted to show my support for this area and give those kids the same opportunities I had.'' Questions about Kidd's once squeaky clean character arose after he was accused of punching a girl at a party, had a $10,000-a-month paternity suit filed against him and then left the scene of an auto accident.
It was probably only a coincidence -- surely the UCLA players aren't that easily shocked -- but it wasn't long after this interruption that reality began to intrude.
It was on the Bruins' first drive, after all, that quarterback Wayne Cook faked a throw to Stokes on the left side of the field and hit Kevin Jordan with a 51-yard touchdown pass on the right sideline.
``But there's got to be some adjustments made.'' Foremost is Helling, who started the season in the rotation but was demoted to Oklahoma City in May when, after winning his first three decisions, his record dropped to 3-2 with a 5.88 ERA.
He allowed one earned run in 24 innings with Oklahoma City after being sent down and was 5-1 with a 2.45 ERA at Triple A this year.
The experiences of women after the deaths of their mothers.
	POT OF GOLD, by Judith Michael, .........13(x)........7 	(Pocket, $6.99.) A mother and her 	teen-age daughter go on a spree after 	winning $60 million in a lottery.
But in 1937, only three years after their marriage, Bukharin was arrested on trumped-up charges; he was executed the following year.
	The author explores the intriguing possibility that the speech of Twain's famous character may have been modeled after black vernacular -- and, indeed, that Huck himself may have been patterned on a 10-year-old black boy.
At first, police suspected that the men, ranging in age from their early 20s to their late 40s, had all died after using an extremely potent blend of heroin called China Cat that is being sold on the Lower East Side.
Its fee would equal 75 percent of the saving on water bills compared with costs a year earlier for the first three months after completion and 50 percent for the next 33 months.
David Wilborn, president of Metropolitan, said the deal made financial sense based on its own research, which indicated that a toilet -- the heaviest domestic water user of all -- normally increased consumption to 185 to 200 gallons a day after five to seven years as a result of minor leaks.
In past years the dancers were, in the words of several longtime customers, ``buck naked.'' But after last year's fair, a group called the Shenandoah Coalition Against Pornography was formed to protest the hootchy tent, so this year each performer wore two Band-Aid-size pasties and a bikini bottom.
A judge released them after they agreed to appear in court, and on Friday night the show went on as scheduled.
Laura Fogle, a physical therapist who said she founded the coalition after her 6-year-old daughter watched a barker shilling the performers' charms, said her group had seven board members and a mailing list of 2,000.
``I had two calls from women who were abused after their husbands attended the show.'' Lewis Miller, the executive vice president of the International Association of Fairs and Expositions, a group based in Missouri, said burlesque shows have been fading from fairs for 30 years as nude bars proliferated and movies and television turned racy.
``Right after the recession, people bought durable goods,'' said Shawn Flaherty, a spokeswoman for the Travel Industry Association, based in Washington.
Overall tourist travel to Florida continued to drop, probably because of fear after 10 foreign visitors were killed in the state from October 1992 to April 1994.
``Never forget,'' he says, in case of dismay at Wagner's Jewification of his villains and buffoons, ``that in 1850 anti-Semitism was perfectly normal to the politics of Christian Europe.'' Don't let ``our current ecumenism'' or ``our new-found urge after justice for all'' get in the way of having a good time, he soothes, using the hospital nurse's version of the first-person plural.
But a conviction is growing in the advertising industry that network television, after many lean, mean years spent crawling through the cable-ravaged desert struggling for survival, has come back to reasonably robust health.
``Shortly after I started as the senator's counsel in 1990, I received an inquiry from someone who was self-employed and wondered why he didn't have the same protection for his pension as an employee,'' he said.
And I would say to him, `Dabney, why won't you appear on camera?' But anyway, eventually he did come a long way from that, and he got more and more comfortable.'' So comfortable, in fact, that Coleman feels ready to lead ``Madman,'' scheduled in the plum Thursday night time slot of 9:30 p.m., after ``Seinfeld,'' to a ratings victory.
``He just left.'' Billed as ``Your Stanley Cup Champion Coach'' on the fliers, Keenan unabashedly agreed to do the autograph and sports memorabilia show in Brooklyn (for an undisclosed sum) just last month, weeks after his bizarre news conference at a Toronto television station marked the end of his tenure with the Rangers.
The bus ends up at the World Trade Center for a light show just after sunset Spencer estimates his organization used its $3.6 million budget to expose some 357,000 people, the vast majority of them mentally ill, to the arts, or to take them on decidedly non-artistic, but hugely popular, trips to Bear Mountain or the races at Belmont Park over the last year.
``For many people who have Alzheimer's or short-term memory loss, social contact is the key to keeping their mind going.'' Jeanne McPartland, director of recreational therapy at Mary Manning Walsh, noted that outings like Wednesday night's create a buzz that livens the residents long after the trip ends.
But after the first movement set the bleak stage, the finale, ``Dance for the Tetragrammaton,'' shattered the eerie mood with robust, mildly dissonant and steadfastly makeshift music through which a triumphant current emerged.
After half a mile, she was fifth and last; after three-quarters of a mile, she was fourth and next to last.
The Meadowlands in New Jersey opens its thoroughbred season with the traditional Labor Day matinee at 1 o'clock Monday afternoon and, after that, with races five nights a week through Dec.
He was a professor of economics at Stanford from 1952 to 1961, a Guggenheim fellow in 1961, and a professor of economics at Harvard from 1965 to 1970, and again after leaving the World Bank.
About 25 percent of Lincoln's employees quit during their first year, but the number who drop out after that is lower than average.
In France, the system began to take root but fell apart after a rapid expansion left the subsidiary with no profits to distribute as bonuses, infuriating employees.
Six months after the city cut the payments by at least half, housing advocates and others say the supply of such apartments is shrinking fast.
It used to be a routine matter that took a couple of weeks at most, but after the department's Vital Records Division lost 12 of its 90 workers, it can take up to five months to obtain a copy of a birth or death certificate, officials said.
Those losses, after a steady decline in workers since 1987, have created ``monumental backlogs'' of requests and caused ``a serious erosion of our service to the public,'' according to an internal memo in July signed by the Commissioner of Health, Margaret A.
In the city, after you came out of services and saw all the traffic, the noise and the streets, it's not the same as being in a resort, where things are calmer.'' 
Reached by phone in Cairo on Sunday, Gore played it cool: ``In dealing with those who are actually negotiating at this conference,'' he soothed, ``I've found people to be constructive and conciliatory on both sides.'' He found McHugh ``statesmanlike in saying, even though they will not accept the view that contraception is all right, nevertheless signaling they fully understand that if other organizations wish to make condoms available, they won't strenuously object.'' Understandably, after feminists, greens and redistributionists got carried away, Gore has been shifting the focus away from abortion to contraception, and then to a wider area of agreement: education and equality for women.
For those who forget such predictions, remember these words Fehr uttered just three days after Vincent was forced to resign: ``There is no public indication that there is the slightest interest on behalf of the owners in doing anything except fighting a war for the sake of fighting a war, of reestablishing their primacy.
The study by the Economic Policy Institute is the first to determine that wages of the college-educated lost ground to inflation even after the U.S. economy began to grow in the spring of 1991.
	Only months after settling with his eldest son and former wife, Herbert Haft, the patriarch of a retailing and realty empire, is feuding again.
``Neither the players nor the owners own the game.'' It's owned by people like Wilken Martinez, 16, a rangy center fielder fresh from the Dominican Republic, swinging the bat on Babe Ruth Field, powering one ball after another in graceful arches reaching toward the cool blue summer sky.
But a conviction is growing in the advertising industry that network television, after many lean, mean years spent crawling through the cable-ravaged desert struggling for survival, has come back to reasonably robust health.
WHERE ARABS DIED AT PRAYER, ALL PRAYER HAS DIED HEBRON, Occupied West Bank  (BC-ISRAEL-HEBRON-NYT) More than half a year after the Hebron massacre, religious mistrust and nationalist tension still shroud the site of the killings, the shuttered shrine commonly known as the Cave of the Patriarchs.
Their tombs are in three halls inside the shrine, each named after a patriarch.
Gresser, however, say he is doing what needs doing after a turbulent period in which standards deteriorated amid bickering over social issues like condom distribution.
He pieced the agenda together quietly, over a period of months, after his arrival from the U.S. Department of Education, where he was awaiting confirmation as an assistant secretary.
``In the age of cable television, rural kids get all these messages and images that suggested that all these exciting things are happening far away from them, and it's hard to explain that it's not necessarily the truth.'' Civic and education leaders in small towns say they try to encourage young people to consider coming home after college, but their words often fall on deaf ears.
Donna Headrick, who chose to take a counter job in a fast-food restaurant here after graduating from Broken Bow High School last spring, said some friends had told her, ``We think you're crazy to stay here -- but we'll support you.'' She said it was not easy to be one of the few left behind.
The study, by the Economic Policy Institute, is the first to find that the hourly wages of the college-educated lost ground to inflation even after the nation's economy began to recover from recession in the spring of 1991.
Specifically, the median wage of a man with a bachelor's degree fell to $17.62 an hour in 1993 from $18.16 in 1989, after adjustment for inflation, while the median for a man with a high school education was $11.19 an hour in 1993, down from $11.83 in 1989.
For the first Sunday in four seasons, Terry Bradshaw and Greg Gumbel were apart after being co-hosts for CBS's ``The NFL Today.'' But there on NBC's ``The NFL Live'' was Gumbel, being hostly, giving news and updates, followed by a live report from Jim Gray from Green Bay.
You had to love how he scorched Buddy Ryan after a taped piece in which the Cardinals' coach talked about how he loved beating him, saying: ``My record is second to only one man in post-season, and that man's name is not Buddy Ryan, but on the trophy,'' referring to Vince Lombardi.
One of the most notorious examples of abuse under ERISA law, Senn said, was a Texas company that arbitrarily decided its company plan won't cover any care for AIDS after an employee was discovered to have been infected with the AIDS virus.
Wilson Jr., the owner of the Bills, could live with Marv Levy after four straight Super Bowl losses more comfortably than Jerry Jones could live with Jimmy Johnson after two straight Super Bowl victories.
But after the protests, it was expanded to include the bloody fighting in the Pacific, which preceded the decision to bomb.
REBELS AND GOVERNMENT AGREE TO OPEN TALKS COLOMBO, Sri Lanka  (BC-SRILANKA-TALKS-500&ADDS-ART-NYT) The Tamil Tiger rebels and the government in Sri Lanka have agreed in principle to open talks two weeks after the government took office with a pledge to seek an end to an 11-year-old civil war that has cost at least 30,000 lives and ruined the economy in large parts of the country.
Sunday morning's expulsions from Bijeljina, the largest from the town since the Serbs first seized it on April 1992, came a day after the Serbs forced about 400 Muslims and members of other minority groups out of Banja Luka, in northwestern Bosnia, Ms. Jones said.
you're not supposed to touch a guy after 5 yards, but they were holding our guys 8 and 9 yards down the field.
They open a 21-3 lead, and it was never really close after that.
He stayed composed after getting picked off by cornerback Mark McMillian and didn't show any signs of happy feet.
The Giants had taken a 21-10 halftime lead after Walker's long play and subsequent 3-yard touchdown catch by former Giant tight end Mark Bavarro.
HERBERT HAFT REMOVED FROM POST AT COMPANY WASHINGTON  (BC-HAFT-DISPUTE-535&ADD-NYT) Only three months after reaching a settlement with his eldest son and divorced wife, Herbert Haft, the patriarch of a sprawling retailing and real estate empire here, is feuding again.
Michael Klein, a lawyer at the time for Herbert and Ronald Haft, called the decision ``the beginning of a period of peace, after a year and a month of a lot of turmoil.'' But when Herbert Haft withdrew $18 million from the Dart Group without the consent of the board on Aug.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) The boycott comes two months after Public Advocate Mark J.
Szurek said that after Green's charges, the agency ``was the first to admit that the shelter food was not the best food in the world.'' ``But I'll stick to what I've said before: that the food is adequate and edible,'' he said.
Meanwhile, Jim Kelly was under pressure after the obligatory opening Bills drive for a score.
Drive after drive stalled by a tough defense that halted Thurman Thomas.
For after the Jets were repulsed inside the Bills' 5, and faced a fourth down and inches for the score, he went for the touchdown.
The Jets had taken over for the first time after the Bills marched 65 yards to a Steve Christie field goal of 27 yards.
The Bills appeared to be in position to score, though, in the closing seconds of the half after Don Beebe's runback brought them to midfield.
Rob Moore, who is playing with a cast less than three weeks after having a pin inserted into his broken left wrist, caught his first pass for a 23-yard gain.
 (BC-FBC-COLLEGES-250&ADD-NYT) The crowd in the Carrier Dome celebrated Saturday, and so did the Syracuse players after Marvin Harrison caught Kevin Mason's pass for a 48-yard touchdown that completed a comeback from 24-0 and put the Orange ahead of Oklahoma, 29-27, with 61 seconds left.
An official's yellow flag was tossed after Syracuse reserves ran on the field to join their teammates' celebration following the touchdown.
Ron Powlus, the sophomore quarterback who made his much-anticipated debut after missing his freshman season with a shoulder injury, was exceptional in Notre Dame's 42-15 victory over Northwestern at Soldier Field Saturday night.
The joy ride for the 30-year-old Smith, ranked 187th and unable since 1987 to pass even the first round at the U.S. Open, gradually ran out of fuel after a bravura first set.
``I just kind of refused to lose.'' This wasn't vintage Sampras, but then again, the old Sampras might not have survived the indignity of being matched ace for ace by the man who once requested an autograph from then-No.1 Ivan Lendl -- just after beating him.
Sampras broke back for 4-4 and took a 5-4 lead, and midway through another failed service game for Smith, there was Sampras, down on his knees after sprinting in vain to respond to a net cord from Smith.
And it will soon go after individual tourists through ads in 11 magazines and 8 newspapers, mostly in the Northeast.
Just under 16 percent of the work force belongs to unions compared with 35.5 percent right after World War II.
Upshaw's union and the NFL are at peace after years of labor battles, but Upshaw himself has come under fire from union members who have lost their jobs or suffered severe salary slashes because of the league's new salary cap.
The National Basketball Association instituted a cap 10 years ago after convincing the players union the league was in dire economic straits.
Saturday night, after reaching an agreement with the team, he was back in the fold.
I think they will just get used to handling it week after week.'' The Vikings' defense scored the team's only touchdown.
His campaign representatives have said they do not expect him to say more about his positions until after the primary.
Watch as the Jensens huddle after every point after high-fiving with their racquets.
Laugh and cheer as they both mug for the cameras, tease the ballboys, chat up the stands, clown around after missing a shot.
After Terry Kirby fumbled at the Patriot 41 after a huge hit by the New England rookie linebacker Marty Moore -- the 222nd player selected in the NFL draft and so-called ``Irrelevant Man'' who was very relevent on this play -- the Pats drove 59 yards on 10 very convincing plays.
One assassination of a Catholic occurred the night after the cease-fire went into effect, and Sunday night a bomb went off outside Sinn Fein headquarters in West Belfast.
Sounding considerably more downbeat than after the first two days, administration officials said the Cubans presented a written counterproposal Sunday to an administration offer to expand the number of Cubans admitted each year to at least 20,000.
Late Sunday, there was a sharp change of tone from that after the talks Thursday and Friday, when several administration officials voiced optimism that an agreement would be reached soon.
She was fantastic.'' The conversations were taped, and after every one, for more than a month, the family analyzed and plotted.
Al-Nasseri turned to Corporate Training Unlimited after a family member got in touch with the company.
In 1989 they smuggled Brittney Chowdhury, 4, out of Bangladesh after escaping with her from an angry crowd outside the home of her father.
Feeney said, her company's agents spirited a mother and daughter out of Tunisia by boat after luring the husband away from his home with a bogus business proposition.
``There are a high percentage of them in which a parent has gone back to his homeland with children who are United States citizens because they were born in the United States.'' It took the intervention of King Hussein of Jordan last month to resolve a custody dispute by returning two small children to relatives in New Jersey after the father killed their mother over the July 4 weekend, then fled with them to Jordan.
As throughout the country, these militia members had killed Tutsi here, selecting them after checking identification cards.
In other words -- as Kagame himself has acknowledged to U.N. military commanders -- there were acts of revenge by Patriotic Front soldiers against Hutu civilians, sometimes after soldiers entered a village and found bodies of relatives who had been killed by the Interahamwe.
Three days later, after the soldiers had left the village, villagers buried the dead.
Chicago was already weary, anxious and mourning after an intense child-hunt last week for another 11-year-old murder suspect, Robert Sandifer, accused of killing a 14-year-old girl who got caught in a gang shootout.
But right after the slaying, Frog was questioned as a witness several times, and he told the police that he had seen a homeless man in Mrs.
But days after the killing, their families, friends and neighbors were still groping to understand how it could have happened, especially in High Bridge, a Hunterdon County community of 3,900 people near the Pennsylvania border.
In a sketchy account Friday, Hunterdon County Prosecutor Sharon Ransavage said Jacob Tracy was fatally shot in his bedroom on Thursday by the 13-year-old after he refused the older boy's demand to accept an apology from one of two other playmates with whom he had had an argument.
The assailant, who had run away after the shooting but called the police 15 minutes later and surrendered, had a closed-door hearing in Hunterdon County Family Court on Friday and was being held at Warren Acres, a juvenile detention center in Oxford, N.J., in Warren County.
And with seven days of campaigning left after Labor Day, the only political experts willing to handicap the race are the candidates themselves.
 (BC-NY-ATTY-GEN-2NDTAKE-NYT) Paradoxically, Koppell's first television commercial dealt with a criminal case -- his successful effort to reinstate rape charges against five men who pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor after admitting they sexually assaulted a woman in the upstate town of Gouverneur.
An hour after the shooting, police said, they arrested Morable at his apartment in nearby Mount Vernon.
But after the first movement set the bleak stage, the finale, ``Dance for the Tetragrammaton,'' shattered the eerie mood with robust, mildly dissonant and steadfastly makeshift music through which a triumphant current emerged.
But a conviction is growing in the advertising industry that network television, after many lean, mean years spent crawling through the cable-ravaged desert struggling for survival, has come back to reasonably robust health.
In 1987, for example, after the New York Giants won the previous Super Bowl and beat Washington three times along the way, the Redskins concentrated on improving themselves at quarterback just so they could beat the Giants, who had a great defense.
``You can't put all your marbles in one basket and win that game at the risk of not being prepared, in a good situation, to win the others.'' Case in point: Last September, New Orleans celebrated after a last-second victory over the 49ers gave the Saints a 4-0 record and two-game lead in the NFC West, and exorcised the memory of repeated, last-second beatings by the 49ers.
It will not be the Super Bowl when the 49ers come to Arrowhead Stadium, for what could be the only game of Montana's life against his former team, but it might seem that way after a week of buildup.
You can't rattle him before the game, you can't rattle him during the game, you can't rattle him after the game.
I had a couple of 300-yard games there.'' Marcus Allen, another oldie but goodie, still was marveling after the game about one of Montana's throws, an 18-yard completion to J.J. Birden, who made a diving catch, in the second quarter.
With Colts' rookie running back Marshall Faulk rushing for 143 yards and three touchdowns, the Oilers fell behind 35-0 at halftime and trailed 42-0 after three quarters.
Ismail, who came to Los Angeles last September after two seasons in the CFL, is a backup to Brown but figures to be a larger part of the offense this season after completing his first NFL training camp.
He will be returning kicks for the Raiders tonight after averaging a whopping 32.3 yards on returns in preseason.
KIDD'S 1ST ASSIST GOES TO UNDERPRIVILEGED  (BC-BKN-KIDD - SF CHRON) Minutes after he became Jason Kidd the youthful multimillionaire, he became Jason Kidd the youthful philanthropist.
Saturday afternoon, not long after the announcement that he had signed a nine-year contract with the Dallas Mavericks worth an estimated $60 million, Kidd wrote a check for $46,000 to the West Dallas Community Church.
Still, unlike the others who slunk out after him, his guilt regarding the day's horrors was only one of association.
Some of the best are sponsored by the National Foundation for Teaching Entrepreneurship, which was founded in New York City seven years ago by a businessman who became interested in helping disadvantaged youth after he was mugged in a park.
Montana appeared to be going after Jimmy Spencer, the Saints' young cornerback.
Even though the Chiefs were banking on their 49ers-style offense improving after its maiden season, the improvement was startling.
So there was no reason for him to mince words after gaining his 100th victory as a head coach, playoffs included.
Montana, asked after his first 300-yard passing game as a Chief whether Allen has lost anything, replied, ``A little hair.'' Though most prognosticators expected the Chiefs to regress this year, they showed signs of improvement Sunday.
These Oilers, after all, reeled to four losses in their first five tries a year ago and came blazing back to recapture their playoff glory of old.
 (BC-FBN-RAPOPORT COLUMN-LADN) ``It wasn't like we were playing the Dallas Cowboys out there,'' Ryan said with his customary tact and subtlety after the Rams ruined his debut as head coach of the Cardinals with a 14-12 victory Sunday.
They battled and made play after play.'' Said Pope: ``Our motto this year, we want to make turnovers.
``Believe me,'' said Miller, ``we've got a (dirt)load to clean up, but it's a lot easier to do that after a win.
Baze was kicked in the chest -- protected by his mandatory flak jacket -- by Oklahoma Morn after the filly dumped him before a maiden race.
Navarone, Rash's first major horse, has had one problem after another.
(He was odds-on in 1992.) Two years ago, the Bob Hibbert-owned son of Irish River gave Rash with his first graded victory and his first Grade I victory after moving over from D.
``We've had a lot of ups and downs with this horse,'' Rash said in the winner's circle after Sunday's $250,000 race.
``It affected me probably in the game that I lost in the first set, but after that I felt pretty much normal, so I can't blame the wrist,'' said Edberg, who called himself ``sensitive'' to the vagaries of playing beneath the garish lights on a cold night.
Edberg's last Grand Slam title came here in 1992, but after falling to another Swede, Henrik Holm, in the first round of the French Open and being undone in Wimbledon's second round by Denmark's Kenneth Carlsen, this year he was assigned his lowest Open seeding since 1985.
They came after us, and we let them do better than we should have.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
``I think we were in rhythm that first drive, but after that they took Kyle Clifton out and put in Marvin Jones.
An hour after the shooting, police said, they arrested Morable at his apartment in nearby Mount Vernon.
Therefore, Dumas would seemingly make himself money by signing before Tarpley, who is expected to be reinstated later this month after being banned by the league in 1991 for violating the anti-drug policy.
Kidd can renegotiate after six years if he is named the league's most valuable player during his first six seasons, or if he is named first- or second-team All-NBA twice his first six seasons.
Just for a moment there after the Cowboys had taken their first small step toward a third consecutive Super Bowl, the Cowboys' new head coach almost let his guard down.
Could Switzer, after a five-year layoff, still coach?
``I shouldn't be feeling this good,'' Jones admitted, ``but the feeling I have is akin to the feeling I got after the game in the Super Bowl.'' Key down, big guy.
She was fantastic.'' The conversations were taped, and after every one, for more than a month, the family analyzed and plotted.
Al-Nasseri turned to Corporate Training Unlimited after a family member got in touch with the company.
In 1989 they smuggled Brittney Chowdhury, 4, out of Bangladesh after escaping with her from an angry crowd outside the home of her father.
Feeney said, her company's agents spirited a mother and daughter out of Tunisia by boat after luring the husband away from his home with a bogus business proposition.
``There are a high percentage of them in which a parent has gone back to his homeland with children who are United States citizens because they were born in the United States.'' It took the intervention of King Hussein of Jordan last month to resolve a custody dispute by returning two small children to relatives in New Jersey after the father killed their mother over the July 4 weekend, then fled with them to Jordan.
Hobday called the putt a ``whiskey flick,'' a term he uses to describe his shaky stroke on the greens the morning after a night on the town, when the nerves are shot.
Albus, the first-round leader after a 6-under-par 66, struggled on a soggy Saturday and shot a 75, ending a 13-round streak of par or better.
He birdied the par-5 18th, even after driving into the trees, to get to 7-under 209.
``And he's lifting too.'' Sunday, after he lifted his trophy, Hobday was in usual form at the post-tourney press conference, hoisting something else.
The Redskins helped out by dropping five passes, missing a field goal and generally playing like a team that is rebuilding under a new coach after going 4-12 last year.
Tocchet and Storr are just two of the many new faces brought in by the Kings, who flopped to a 27-45-12 record and missed the Stanley Cup playoffs one season after advancing to the Finals.
``(McNall's situation) hasn't been a distraction,'' said McMaster, who replaced Nick Beverley as GM in May after being recommended by Gretzky.
The experiences of women after the deaths of their mothers.
	POT OF GOLD, by Judith Michael, .........13(x)........7 	(Pocket, $6.99.) A mother and her 	teen-age daughter go on a spree after 	winning $60 million in a lottery.
``Shortly after I started as the senator's counsel in 1990, I received an inquiry from someone who was self-employed and wondered why he didn't have the same protection for his pension as an employee,'' he said.
But we go back and forth, because after a while it gets boring.
Says the costume supervisor, Charlaine Simmons: ``Elaine (Julia Louis-Dreyfuss) is probably going to move a little forward, oddly enough, after having hung out with those guys for three years.
Even working-man heroes immortalized in song, like John Henry and Casey Jones, die after accomplishing their Herculean tasks.
In a 1911 version of ``Casey Jones'' that entered the large canon of union songs, however, work troubles persist after death.
Morocco thus became the second Arab country, after Egypt, to establish official ties with Israel, and the Israelis hint at more to come.
``It is a disaster.'' Fuentes, who for years was a darling of the intelligensia in Cuba, became disillusioned when Castro executed two army officers in 1989 after trying them on what are widely believed to have been trumped-up charges of drug trafficking.
He managed to win back their favor and went on to write ``Hemingway in Cuba,'' after the government gave him access to Finca Viga, the novelist's longtime residence outside Havana.
These were the two men executed after a nationally televised trial.
At the same time, the economic vise was tightening around everyone in Cuba after the financial support of the former Soviet bloc countries ended.
Prominent American writers, including Norman Mailer and William Kennedy, and the writers' group PEN petitioned Castro, and after 20 days Fuentes was released.
Congressional leaders say they still hope to find a modest, scaled-back alternative when they return after Labor Day.
The consultants and the politicians -- and Patterson would add the press -- responded to that cynicism in the health care struggle and fed it, as they have in one campaign after another in recent years.
But in 1937, only three years after their marriage, Bukharin was arrested on trumped-up charges; he was executed the following year.
	The author explores the intriguing possibility that the speech of Twain's famous character may have been modeled after black vernacular -- and, indeed, that Huck himself may have been patterned on a 10-year-old black boy.
When, after a few days, supply deliveries permitted Patton to resume his advance, it was too la te to pick up the momentum.
 (BC-WW2-0911-RHINE-(2ndtake)-COX) In the book 2,194 Days of War, authors Cesare Salmaggi and Alfredo Pallavisini, report, ``The main target is England, particularly London, but after the Germans lose Antwerp that city also becomes a constant target for the new weapon in o rder to prevent the Allies from making use of the harbor.'' Allied armies eventually destroy V-1 and V-2 launch sites in Northern France and Belgium, but not before 1,115 V-2's are hurled at London, resulting in 2,724 dead and 6,467 seriously wounded, Salmaggi and Pallavisini write.
9, at Atlantic City, N.J. Representing the District of Columbia, Miss Ramey, a redhead, receives her crown after winning two talent awards and finishing fi rst in the swim suit competition.
Thin clouds float in these heavens, islands of obscurity in a splendor of space and stars; the Milky Way bridges earth and ocean; the beach resolves itself into a unity of form, its summer lagoons, its slopes and uplands merging; against the western sky and the falling bow of sun rise the silent and superb undulations of the dunes.'' The night after we'd been to Bird Island I stood on the pier at Sunset Beach, two miles away.
So why is it so surprising that the owners are squeezing baseball after a decade marked by highly paid CEOs downsizing, destroying and selling off companies in pursuit of short-term profit?
He has stopped eating much because he is afraid that he will get pain after eating.
Other helps include setting weekly meetings to discuss problems as they arise, establishing incentives for putting up with added stress and time off after a stressful and intense push.
Charlie, it should be remembered, was the only Democrat who stood up for Kay after she was indicted on charges of using government employees for her own political purposes while state treasurer.
But if you're just joining us, it can be like walking into a play after the second act.
Every time I turn on my Unisaw after a long layoff and that three-horse motor sets the blade howling, a small voice asks me if I really want to get involved with this monster.
Dr. David Shi played football at Sandy Springs, just north of Atlanta, went on to Furman and became an All-Southern Conference end, after which he devloped into one of those nowaday rarities, an athlete-intellect.
``The Run,'' down a slight rise, over a blue carpet, onto the field has become a Tiger ritual, though I'm waiting for the day some guy falls and a whole pack of Tigers come sprawling down after him.
I'd become adjusted to seeing the hind quarters of the zebras as they did their wig-wags to the home side of the field, and after some of the calls, being allowed my bias, I could understand why they dare not face the Purple People.
Can you get a disease from a body from a graveyard years after death?
There is very little information on the transmission of infectious diseases after death, said Dr. Laura Fisher, an expert in communicable diseases in Manhattan, but there is probably little or no danger that most disease organisms would survive even a few weeks in the inhospitable environment of the grave, she said.
Will one be able to enter Jordan at Aqaba after visiting Eilat?
``The Holy Elizabeth'' and ``The Holy Lucia'' (painted after 1507) and ``Crucified Christ between Mary and John'' and ``The Carrying of the Cross'' (both painted between 1515 and 1517) can be seen in Karlsruhe, 32 miles south of Mannheim, at the Kunsthalle Karlsruhe, 2 Hans Thoma Strasse; (0721) 926 0.
Airline tickets, after all, are a form of currency, the means used by the airlines to get paid by the travel agencies that issued the tickets.
Id Software is banking on the assumption that after blasting the demons from nine increasingly difficult levels of action on the demo program, players will want to pursue the creatures all the way back to Hell, through 18 more levels.
``I feel like it's helping other people, being a part of research,'' said Vasquez, diagnosed with full-blown acquired immune deficiency syndrome in November 1992, after he was hospitalized for weeks with a bout of nearly fatal AIDS-related pneumonia.
The corporate gift came after a request from Memie Hardie, an AIDS specialist with the Fort Worth-Tarrant County Public Health Departments.
American officials later apologized to Timothy Holless, who was arrested after he refused to disembark.
In April 1993, American angered gay groups when flight attendants ordered the linen changed after participants in a gay rights march had left the plane.
``Well, after a while the Seminole Negro even had to whip the Texas Rangers,'' he says, chuckling.
He devoted his personal energies to Scout training for boys, but he was an ardent and public advocate of the program for girls established soon after his own.
By shortly after 7 p.m., tonight's drawing team has straggled in: Rodriguez, Jones, auditor Clark Thomson and drawing supervisor Tracy Hinson.
I tell them I'm going to work after this, and then I tell them, I'm the guy you see on TV, with the lottery,'' Rodriguez says.
``In that sense he's making it a more democratic process.'' And without magazine editors to distill his look, his austere vision may prevail, after all.
Then, suddenly, unexpectedly, everything changes: a visitor from Australia is charmed by Dorrie's eccentricity; the two begin to correspond; he proposes and after a small crisis of confidence, she marries him and moves to his plantation in Queensland.
An orphan named Annie McKillop marries a gruff frontiersman, and after his mysterious death, finds herself in jail for his murder (``A Wilderness Station'').
 (BC-BOSNIA-EDITORIAL-KAN-KAN) The Clinton administration has been grasping at one straw after another in an effort to avoid taking the obvious step in Bosnia: End U.S. participation in the embargo that prevents the Bosnian government from defending itself from Serbian aggression.
	``I feel that he wanted to put things in their place,'' said Pierre Pean, the author of ``A French Youth: Francois Mitterrand 1934-1947,'' ``that the time had come to clarify what had been years of mystery, that he was persuaded that all this would become known one day or another.'' Coming just days after the president presided over commemorations of the 50th anniversary of the liberation of Paris from Nazi occupation, publication of the book has stirred enormous interest here, prompting a front-page article in Le Monde and extensive reports throughout the French press.
Pean also said that after conducting extensive research and seven interviews with the president, he became convinced that Mitterrand was never an anti-Semite even though he was working in 1942 for a pro-Nazi government that had already begun deporting Jews from France to German concentration camps.
	CHIEF OF EAST GERMAN SECRET POLICE GOES ON TRIAL 	BERLIN (NYT) -- The longtime chief of East Germany's dreaded secret police, Erich Mielke, went on trial for manslaughter here on Monday, but the trial was quickly recessed after defense lawyers challenged the judge's conduct.
Monday's session was recessed after 25 minutes when Mielke's lawyers argued that Judge Hansgeorg Braeutigam had compromised the case by visiting Mielke at a prison hospital.
	RUSSIAN TROOPS ON ALERT NEAR CHECHEN REPUBLIC 	MOSCOW (NYT) -- Russian troops stationed near the border of the secessionist Chechen republic were put on the highest alert on Monday after dozens of people were killed in the deadliest fighting yet between the rebel Chechen government and opposition forces there.
Russia, which refused to recognize the republic's independence three years ago, last month began openly backing an opposition group that is engaged in the current fighting after its leader pledged fealty to the Russian federation.
	PALESTINIAN NEWSPAPER RETURNS TO NEWSSTANDS 	JERUSALEM (NYT) -- Five weeks after it ceased publication when the Palestinian Authority banned its distribution, the Palestinian newspaper An-Nahar returned to newsstands on Monday with the authority's approval.
	Published in East Jerusalem and distributed in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, An-Nahar was banned days after Israel and Jordan signed a declaration in Washington on July 25 that recognized Jordan's role as custodian of Muslim shrines in Jerusalem.
Then, suddenly, unexpectedly, everything changes: a visitor from Australia is charmed by Dorrie's eccentricity; the two begin to correspond; he proposes and after a small crisis of confidence, she marries him and moves to his plantation in Queensland.
An orphan named Annie McKillop marries a gruff frontiersman, and after his mysterious death, finds herself in jail for his murder (``A Wilderness Station'').
The findings are important not least because one of every six people on earth lives in India, whose 900 million people make it the world's second most populous country after China.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) The explanation, the researchers concluded, is that although the green revolution enabled India's farmers to keep expanding production after they ran out of space in which to expand their fields, a burgeoning population literally ate up the net benefits.
The rating, which delighted Warner Brothers, which produced the film and is a supporter of the association, came only after Stone made many cuts.
	The Red Hot Chili Peppers made headlines in January when federal health officials dropped a radio commercial featuring Kiedis after learning he had been convicted of indecent exposure and sexual battery in 1989.
``I think the panel members feel comfortable with the decisions we made, and with our attempts at balancing different concerns.'' The panel was assembled after Congress passed a bill in 1993 overturning a requirement that all embryo research be approved by a federal ethics advisory board -- a board that has not existed since 1980, and thus could not give approval to such studies.
However, the panel also said that later the NIH might consider that an experiment could be done up to the 18th day after fertilization, to learn more about the factors in control of the closing of the neural tube, the bud of the embryonic spinal cord.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) In one of the most contentious issues of the guidelines, however, the panel members decided after prolonged debate to rule as acceptable the occasional creation of embryos for ``compelling'' reasons.
They cease developing a few days after being generated, and they could under no circumstances become babies.
Last week, after 13 more years of molecular detective work, both by their own team and others, they announced their latest discovery: the structure of the protein after it binds with a target cell.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) In mid-August, amid some fanfare, Palestinian security forces arrested 20 Islamic radicals after two roadside ambushes that killed one Israeli and wounded six others.
Conspicuously, Israel has not sealed off the territories after the latest killings, an action routinely taken in the past.
But some Beijing residents who are pining for the old days fear the worst after the East Wind market, the city's oldest, was leveled last year as part of the process.
TRIAL OPENS FOR HEAD OF EAST GERMAN SECRET POLICE BERLIN  (BC-GERMANY-STASI-NYT) The longtime chief of East Germany's secret police, Erich Mielke, went on trial here on Monday for manslaughter, but the trial was quickly recessed after defense lawyers challenged the judge's conduct.
Monday's session was recessed after 25 minutes when Mielke's lawyers argued that Judge Hansgeorg Braeutigam had compromised the case by visiting Mielke at a prison hospital and asking him questions about his health without a defense lawyer present.
Last year, three former East German leaders were sentenced to prison after judges ruled that they had approved orders to shoot fleeing refugees.
PALESTINIAN PAPER BACK AFTER LOYALTY TEST JERUSALEM  (BC-PALESTINIAN-PAPER-NYT) Five weeks after it was banned by the new Palestinian Authority, the newspaper An Nahar returned to newsstands on Monday with the authority's approval.
Palestinians said that after talks between the publisher, Othman Hallaq, and Yasser Arafat, the paper was allowed to appear on condition that it be loyal to the Palestine Liberation Organziation.
One editorial declared the paper to be ``Palestinian to the bone'' and pledged allegiance to the ``national line.'' Arafat, the PLO chairman, was called ``The Brother, The Leader, The Symbol.'' The newspaper, which is published in East Jerusalem and distributed in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, was banned days after Israel and Jordan signed a declaration in Washington on July 25 that recognized Jordan's role as custodian of Muslim shrines in Jerusalem.
This 26-day-old strike, after all, is about revenue sharing among the clubs.
The teams with the largest revenues -- eight exceeded $80 million last year -- would wind up with a net reduction of $2 million to $4 million after this kind of revenue sharing, Noll says.
But both sides can trust one fact, and that is they are quickly approaching the time after which no part of the season can be salvaged.
But some Beijing residents who are pining for the old days fear the worst after the East Wind market, the city's oldest, was leveled last year as part of the process.
But generation after generation, the world would not even consider the idea of international prohibition.
On the fourth-and-inches play that ultimately became the Jets' first touchdown, he gave advice to young Richie Anderson, who became the fullback after Brad Baxter suffered a severely injured toe in the opening period.
The ferocity of this onslaught, which often involved conversions of Serbs to Catholicism at gunpoint or their slaughter in Orthodox churches, is evident in a letter of protest sent to Stepinac in August 1941, by the Catholic bishop of the Bosnian town of Mostar, Alojzije Misic, who was one of the few churchmen to speak out against the Ustase terror against the Serbs: ``From Mostar and Caplina the railway carried six wagons of mothers, girls, and children under 8 to the station of Surmanci, where they were taken out of the wagons, brought into the hills and thrown alive, mothers and children, into deep ravines.'' Referring to Serbian men in Mostar, the bishop added: ``They have been bound by the hundreds, taken in wagons outside the town, and then shot down like animals.'' The events of World War II remain malevolently present in Bosnia, partly because they were never acknowledged after the war by Tito, who was intent on holding Yugoslavia together.
He was bumped off by his gang's teen-age superiors last week after botching a killing in a Chicago slum.
These are professionals, after all, and experienced veterans like Cross and guard William Roberts have seen everything.
``These first three games are against probably the biggest blitzing teams in the NFL,'' said Brown, who did well against the Eagles and who will face Washington after the Cardinals.
``I just have to stand in there and get them the ball.'' EXTRA POINTS: Arizona signed quarterback Jay Schroeder on Monday and released Shawn Moore, who was signed two weeks ago after Denver waived him.
``They stayed after it.'' Not to mention that the secondary did a good job of coverage.
RUSSIAN TROOPS NEAR CHECHEN BORDER PUT ON ALERT MOSCOW  (BC-RUSSIA-CHECHNYA-450&ADD-NYT) Russian troops stationed near the border of the secessionist Chechen republic were put on top alert on Monday after dozens of people died in the worst fighting yet between the Chechen government and troops opposed to secession.
Last month, Moscow put its support behind a rebel leader, Umar Avtur-khanov, after he formally broke with the Chechen government and pledged allegiance to Russia during a visit to Moscow.
Yeltsin sent in troops but rescinded the order two days later, after vehement protests in Parliament.
I think the people of California deserve it.'' Wilson, after a tour of a Marina del Rey fire station where he met with firefighters, sheriff's deputies and lifeguards, said Monday he wanted to debate -- but only in a format that includes political reporters.
Wilson said the reforms he has been pushing to improve the state's economy and the criminal justice system are only now beginning to have an impact after two years of success with the Democratic-controlled state legislature.
Opinion polls indicate that after the Brady bill, the next most popular gun-control measures are a ban on cheap handguns and a one-gun-a-month limit on gun purchases.
Reinhardt, a health economist at Princeton University, added, ``The legal system will make sure that new inventions that have any hope at all will get rammed down the throats of the HMOs.'' He cited a California jury award last December of $89 million to the family of a woman who died of cancer after a health maintenance organization ruled that she could not have a bone marrow transplant.
``That is absolutely what we are not about.'' The company will be going after the cream of the cellular market -- companies with big mobile communications needs.
The company expects pager-cellphone services will be available after the first of the year, said McCaw spokesman Bob Ratliffe.
Kidder has not been spurned, as were Drexel Burnham Lambert and E.F. Hutton after their scandals, by the lenders who finance Kidder's huge inventory of securities.
Nor have large institutional investors suspended business with Kidder, as did the California Public Employees Retirement System, the World Bank and others after Salomon Brothers' bond trading scandal in 1991.
GE faces a situation similar to that of American Express a few years ago, when that company decided to part with Shearson Lehman Hutton after a long but lackluster association.
For starters, there was Welch's choice of Michael Carpenter, a management consultant from headquarters with no experience on Wall Street, who ran Kidder for five years until he was dismissed in June after the Jett scandal.
12, after a judge turned down a stopgap plan to put fire patrols in the hallways at dozens of schools that do not meet fire codes.
Barry Jr., who left office after being convicted on drug charges.
Aeromexico's purchase of Mexicana was orchestrated by Prevoisin after the two companies had been engaged in cutthroat competition for the domestic market.
Children should be able to turn on the TV during their summer vacation and after school, and enjoy Popeye, Bugs, and Tom & Jerry.
Children should be able to turn on the TV during their summer vacation and after school, and enjoy Popeye, Bugs, and Tom & Jerry.
Children should be able to turn on the TV during their summer vacation and after school, and enjoy Popeye, Bugs, and Tom & Jerry.
Within three weeks after the French arrived, the final government forces were forced to flee into Zaire, and the Rwandan Patriotic Front declared victory.
But more recently, after New Delhi warned that continued human rights criticism could damage relations, the Clinton administration has gone silent on the subject.
Then again, voters may prove oblivious to or skeptical of the positive news: after all, many may simply be hardened by images of the tax increases and budget slashing that incumbent governors oversaw earlier in their terms.
``The game is still wide open,'' a senior Vatican official said on Monday night, adding that sections on adolescent sexuality and the need for sex education had progressed but needed ``some fine-tuning.'' U.S. Vice President Al Gore, who hobbled to the podium on crutches after an operation for a torn Achilles' tendon, delivered one of the more conciliatory speeches.
Although under pressure from Islamic militants here, he also said, to applause, that the discussion over population had to avoid ``dogmatism and fanaticism.'' The Egyptian president's presence here on Monday added thousands more police officers to the streets, after militant Muslims had threatened to disrupt the conference, which is taking place in a hall almost across the street from the reviewing stand where President Anwar Sadat was assassinated in 1981.
Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto of Pakistan, who decided over the weekend to attend the conference after a week of reports here that she would withdraw because of pressure from conservative Muslims at home, spoke on Monday of a world ``where every pregnancy is planned.'' But, speaking in English, she also said that the proposed plan of action had ``serious flaws'' that struck at the heart of cultural values in both industrialized and developing countries.
Constance Morella, R-Md., after attending an international meeting of parliament members interested in issues of population and women's rights, said that they would return to Washington to promote an action plan for helping women worldwide through American assistance programs.
But after returning to Washington on Wednesday, Clinton is scheduled to travel to Louisiana, California, Illinois, Minnesota, Missouri and New York in the coming three weeks to raise money for his allies and campaign on their behalf.
But nowhere did her enjoyment of the game show more than during her doubles match with Jensen, who jogs in place between every point, slaps high-fives after every good play and seemed to have Pierce perpetually on the verge of a giggle fit.
``This whole thing is just crazy.'' Guthrie and Roberts, both of whom spent most of the hearing smirking and offering testy responses to judges' questions, were angry when they returned to the Wolf Chief late Friday night after their sentencing.
Starting in February, Chicago residents heard one story after another about their post office, including ones of mail accumulating in delivery trucks of letter carriers who did not deliver and of mail being thrown in a viaduct and set afire.
But after the Norfolk Stakes in California last October, he underwent double knee surgery.
A month after the most serious disturbances of Castro's presidency -- the incident on Aug.
``There's something about a pecking order there.'' And when the five-set dogfight was finally over three hours and five minutes after this disparate duo marched onto Stadium Court with the Las Vegan in the lead, it was the unseeded Agassi, an entertainer whose grit quotient is perennially held in question, who pecked the sixth-seeded workaholic into submission, 6-1, 6-7 (3-7), 6-3, 3-6, 6-1.
Karbacher's advance has come at the expense of a former champion, Ivan Lendl, and the 15th-seeded Marc Rosset, who complained after his loss that Karbacher plays a two-stroke game of big serve and bigger forehand.
``He managed to crawl away into an alleyway after sustaining bite wounds on the arms and chest,'' said Detective Kim Royster, a police spokeswoman, referring to a narrow passageway that leads from the street to the family's basement apartment.
In 1989, the City Board of Health decreed that no new pit bulls were to be allowed in the city after Oct.
But after objections by pit-bull lovers and others, who charged that the regulations were unwarranted and were discriminatory because they singled out a particular breed, the City Council passed legislation in 1990 that allows the Health Department, after a hearing, to impose strict measures on any dog that threatens or injures a person or other animal without provocation.
TIFFANY'S BIGGEST ROBBERY NETS $1 MILLION, POLICE SAY NEW YORK  (BC-TIFFANY-HEIST-425&ADD-NYT) With trickery, threats, precision timing and a dash of bravado, two armed robbers invaded Tiffany's fabled emporium in midtown Manhattan late Sunday, police said, and, after binding four guards and defeating alarm systems, made off with about $1 million in jewelry -- and videotapes that had recorded the whole escapade.
It was 12:40 a.m., just an hour after the robbery had begun.
	Aeromexico and Mexicana were seeking to begin a revamping after their chairman resigned.
``Because I'm a Christian I feel very sympathetic toward both the Haitians and the Cubans and I feel we should try to help them,'' said the 36-year-old wife of an enlisted man as she left on Saturday to move back in with her parents in West Palm Beach after nine months here.
Between 1991 and 1992, the 45-square-mile base also served as a processing center for 34,000 Haitians requesting asylum in the United States after President Jean-Bertrand Aristide was deposed by the military.
American employees working on a desalinization plant and other civilian jobs will follow after military personnel fill their posts, said Lt. Bob Garcia, a Navy spokesman.
But in Havana, Foreign Minister Roberto Robaina said that the talks had stalled and that there were ``no positive signals to note.'' Dee Dee Myers, the White House press secretary, said that Washington intended to continue its talks on immigration issues with the Cuban government ``as long as it's productive.'' The new American offer comes after Cuba said on Sunday that Washington must grant entry to at least 100,000 Cuban refugees if it wanted President Fidel Castro to end the current chaotic exodus of Cubans toward Florida.
Dave Pearson, Houston's director of media relations, said Monday that the team wouldn't know anything about Carlson's condition until after practice Wednesday.
The Oilers are expected to sign veteran quarterback Billy Joe Tolliver, who knows the run-and-shoot offense after spending last season in Atlanta, as a safety measure.
The Broncos, who will play the Jets at Giants Stadium on Sunday, suffered a big blow to their offense when tight end Shannon Sharpe stretched a ligament in his right knee after a 5-yard touchdown reception against San Diego.
This is totally unfair, and I think the main reason is some people are jealous.'' Winners are tested for drugs after competition, and so are either the silver or bronze medalists.
``Nothing has been proven yet, so no one has a right to say they have been doing anything illegal,'' she said after finishing third in the 100 in 54.77.
They are certainly do-able by people in the U.S. today.'' Le's performance was the furthest out of reach, particularly for Thompson, who is competing here with a titanium plate and seven screws in her left forearm after breaking it on May 31.
The last components are being loaded onto railroad flatcars and onto 175-foot-long trucks so big they can only travel the highways after 10 p.m., headed for the Port of Los Angeles.
The traditionalist synod, which completed a three-day meeting Monday in Indianapolis, was formed in Fort Worth in 1989, shortly after Bishop Barbara Harris of Massachusetts was ordained as the U.S. church's first female bishop.
``It's quite an honor and a bit of a surprise,'' Easton said after his election.
``I don't think it's always a rubber-stamp in there,'' Easton said after attending his first committee meeting.
Two years after that, he played the other young prince, the Duke of York, for the New York Shakespeare Festival in Central Park.
Around 11 p.m., hours after the barbecue, Sgt.
The federal grant came a year after Connecticut's Department of Environment Protection was authorized to raise $25 million through the sale of bonds to clean up polluted sites across the state.
``The only thing that made sense was reclaiming it as open space.'' The next project came in 1988, when, after years of effort, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey found a private company to develop an abandoned landfill site the Port Authority owned here next to the New Jersey Turnpike.
``Sometimes you get the element of surprise in the first game and sometimes it's more successful initially than it might be later on after teams prepare.'' UCLA used its conventional two-back set on the first series, to settle into the new season, and switched on the second series, hoping to surprise and eventually tire out the Volunteers' defense.
``Our pass rusher's playing down in Phoenix,'' Donahue said, referring to Jamir Miller, who left UCLA after his junior year to enter the NFL.
 (BC-GOVERNMENT-AMNESTIES-2NDTAKE-NYT) There appears to be little disagreement that offering one broad amnesty after another can end up doing the opposite of what is intended: Instead of encouraging people to keep within the law, it encourages them to ignore it, figuring they'll get off the hook.
``Teachers have less access to technology on a day-to-day basis than the average secretary in an office or check-out clerk at a food store.'' One company after another is rolling out new tools to give students and teachers a place in the increasingly digitized world.
``I've got to step it up, on the ice and in a leadership role,'' Blake said Monday, one day after he reached agreement on a new four-year contract.
But the 6-foot-3, 205-pounder, who became a Group II free agent after the season, won't participate in training-camp workouts until his contract receives the NHL's blessing.
``Teachers have less access to technology on a day-to-day basis than the average secretary in an office or check-out clerk at a food store.'' One company after another is rolling out new tools to give students and teachers a place in the increasingly digitized world.
``Teachers have less access to technology on a day-to-day basis than the average secretary in an office or check-out clerk at a food store.'' One company after another is rolling out new tools to give students and teachers a place in the increasingly digitized world.
Then, after Ocean Crest's 11-1 victory, voices were raised in the jockeys' room when favored Eagle Eyed and Corey Nakatani were disqualified from third for bumping Marvin's Faith and Kent Desormeaux three times during the stretch run.
He changed plans after deciding he did not want to convey any signs of complacency, and attended a volunteer fire department parade in Broad Channel, Queens, before searching for votes at a cabana club in the Rockaways.
In an interview after leaving the parade, Cuomo stepped up his criticism of the Pataki campaign's characterization of his record.
The Rangers have a new coach after the Keenan Affair, and also made some off-season trades.
It's coaches and players, one day after the landmark victory, huddling in a Valley Ranch hallway to talk strategy.
HENNING GETS A FAST START TO MAKE ISLES SHAPE UP HAUPPAUGE, N.Y.  (BC-HKN-ISLANDERS-NYT) Lorne Henning skated off the ice after his first practice session as head coach of the Islanders and said he liked what he saw.
``I thought the guys looked great,'' said Henning, who was named to the post on June 20, 19 days after Al Arbour announced his retirement.
Last season, the Islanders may have reported a little soft after having advanced to the Eastern Conference finals in 1992-93.
``I am very happy with the way they are conditioned,'' said Henning, after running the first of two squads through morning drills at the Rinx.
But experience tells us we have to be a little more patient than one day and allow some guys to find their legs and get into the rhythm of the day-to-day workouts.'' Tinordi said his leg felt fine after his first full-contact workout since breaking the leg in a Feb.23 game against the Los Angeles Kings.
``He busted one coverage early, but after that, he ate 'em up.'' Jones was one of 12 Cowboys to receive game balls.
Last week, Doyle said the NCAA staff could reinstate the eligibility of a suspended player less than 24 hours after receiving an appeal ``as long as we don't have additional questions we need to ask the institution or the student-athlete ...
On the first play after Jaeger's miss, Raiders cornerback Terry McDaniel made a diving, over-the-back defensive move on a pass meant for John Taylor, and the ball popped loose into the air.
``But there's nothing you can do about it.'' The Raiders trailed by only nine points when McCallum was injured and managed only three first downs and turned the ball over twice after he left.
The Raiders were forced to punt after three downs on the ensuing possession, and Young promptly led an 11-play, 60-yard drive for a 14-0 lead.
There are clubs that can keep their safeties deep enough to at least contain the man after he has snookered yet another cornerman.
The record-breaker came on the first play after the 49ers got the ball back.
But Washington couldn't stay up, and Rice managed to regain his balance after a few steps to make it into the end zone for a 69-yard touchdown.
``Gentlemen, preseason is preseason, and this is now,'' said linebacker Norton after the Raiders were held to 34 yards rushing on 20 carries in the 49ers' 44-14 season-opening win.
When the Raiders backed off and decided to punt, the 49ers came after the punter and came within inches of a block.
Because he is, after all, the champion of many a new death penalty in the crime bill: To show that living treasures are really special to New York, I suggest D'Amato press for a new law that will make capital punishment mandatory for anybody who kills one.
``We all know,'' Moline said, ``that the No. 1 topic of conversation after the services is the rabbi's sermon.'' 
``I just throw them down here after I kill them,'' was how Simeon Goronov described the storage of the huge supply of hare and moose he amassed this summer.
James Kennedy, the chairman and chief executive of the Forschner Group in Shelton, Conn., which distributes the genuine item, said Chinese exports of bogus Swiss knives were ``nothing new; it's been going on for 20 years, ever since Washington allowed trading with China to commence.'' But Forschner was roused to legal action in 1992, Kennedy said, after Chinese-made knives began appearing with the cross and shield and the words Swiss Army.
Elsener, a boyish, soft-spoken man of 36, said the popularity of the Swiss Army knives arose after World War II, when American servicemen stationed in Europe snapped the knives up wherever they found them.
This year, Forschner's revenues are expected to reach $140 million, Kennedy said, after $107 million in 1993.
In past years the dancers were, in the words of several longtime customers, ``buck naked.'' But after last year's fair, a group called the Shenandoah Coalition Against Pornography was formed to protest the hootchy tent, so this year each performer wore two Band-Aid-size pasties and a bikini bottom.
A judge released them after they agreed to appear in court, and on Friday night the show went on as scheduled.
Laura Fogle, a physical therapist who said she founded the coalition after her 6-year-old daughter watched a barker shilling the performers' charms, said her group had seven board members and a mailing list of 2,000.
``I had two calls from women who were abused after their husbands attended the show.'' Lewis Miller, the executive vice president of the International Association of Fairs and Expositions, a group based in Missouri, said burlesque shows have been fading from fairs for 30 years as nude bars proliferated and movies and television turned racy.
``Right after the recession, people bought durable goods,'' said Shawn Flaherty, a spokeswoman for the Travel Industry Association, based in Washington.
Overall tourist travel to Florida continued to drop, probably because of fear after 10 foreign visitors were killed in the state from October 1992 to April 1994.
``Never forget,'' he says, in case of dismay at Wagner's Jewification of his villains and buffoons, ``that in 1850 anti-Semitism was perfectly normal to the politics of Christian Europe.'' Don't let ``our current ecumenism'' or ``our new-found urge after justice for all'' get in the way of having a good time, he soothes, using the hospital nurse's version of the first-person plural.
``I think the panel members feel comfortable with the decisions we made, and with our attempts at balancing different concerns.'' The panel was assembled after Congress passed a bill in 1993 overturning a requirement that all embryo research be approved by a federal ethics advisory board -- a board that has not existed since 1980, and thus could not give approval to such studies.
However, the panel also said that later the NIH might consider that an experiment could be done up to the 18th day after fertilization, to learn more about the factors in control of the closing of the neural tube, the bud of the embryonic spinal cord.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) In one of the most contentious issues of the guidelines, however, the panel members decided after prolonged debate to rule as acceptable the occasional creation of embryos for ``compelling'' reasons.
They cease developing a few days after being generated, and they could under no circumstances become babies.
Last week, after 13 more years of molecular detective work, both by their own team and others, they announced their latest discovery: the structure of the protein after it binds with a target cell.
The findings are important not least because one of every six people on earth lives in India, whose 900 million people make it the world's second most populous country after China.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) The explanation, the researchers concluded, is that although the green revolution enabled India's farmers to keep expanding production after they ran out of space in which to expand their fields, a burgeoning population literally ate up the net benefits.
Id Software is banking on the assumption that after blasting the demons from nine increasingly difficult levels of action on the demo program, players will want to pursue the creatures all the way back to Hell, through 18 more levels.
Can you get a disease from a body from a graveyard years after death?
There is very little information on the transmission of infectious diseases after death, said Dr. Laura Fisher, an expert in communicable diseases in Manhattan, but there is probably little or no danger that most disease organisms would survive even a few weeks in the inhospitable environment of the grave, she said.
Four months after the trial, when the outrage was being felt across the country and the name Emmett Till was becoming a rallying cry for civil rights, a writer from Look magazine paid Milam and Bryant $3,300 for their story.
I don't mistreat blacks, and I don't let them mistreat me.'' He said his store in Money was boycotted after his acquittal in the Till case, and he was forced to leave town.
An only child, he had persuaded his mother to let him make the trip after relatives in Mississippi reassured her that two recent murders of blacks in the state had been connected to voter registration.
``If they hadn't, they wouldn't keep spending money at his place.'' And that forgiveness, she said, has kept Bryant in business: `If my people did not deal or trade with him, he couldn't stay here.'' Forgiveness is not in Edwards' heart when it comes to Bryant -- especially after his strident, threatening appearance at the first public meeting of her administration last year.
She said Money was named after Hernando DeSoto Money, a 19th century politician and plantation owner.
The Tallahatchie flows just behind her place, and a few miles away Till's body was thrown in the river, after the beating, after the shooting, after it was weighted down.
Hard to believe they don't go after run-and-shootist Andre Ware at least for a week, because of his familiarity with the offense.
That included Richie Cunningham, who had a slight lead over Boniol after the first two weeks of camp.
-- Marian Fessenden, Atlanta We have been steady patrons of RuSan's Restaurant on Piedmont Avenue since just after its opening.
Pezzano, Atlanta I am allergic to cigarette, cigar and pipe smoke, even after two weekly injections for three years.
I begin to choke up and can hardly talk after 10 or 15 minutes.
Some music fans born after 1970 attended the concert to view a musical tradition that began before they could talk and flourished -- and died -- before they were old enough to appreciate it.
``This is the start of a losing season,'' he secretly told himself after a beating that showed a Falcons team dead from the head down.
There was nothing to build on after the Lions confused them with freak defenses, sacked Chris Miller six times, got a big lead early and then spent the rest of the day with a foot on the Falcons' neck.
Newspapers, after all, have certain clear strengths.
Like amoebas, chains have a way of replicating identical versions of themselves, mainly by using nomadic managers to apply a formula style in town after town.
Newspapers, after all, have certain clear strengths.
Like amoebas, chains have a way of replicating identical versions of themselves, mainly by using nomadic managers to apply a formula style in town after town.
FOUND: AN EIGHTH WONDER OF THE MODERN WORLD  (BC-WONDERS-ECONOMIST) The Age of Wonders is not yet passed; after nominating seven wonders of the modern world in its Christmas issue, the Economist magazine received 150 suggestions for the eighth.
But the $2 trillion business has lately offered a spectacle of a less impressive kind: of several big mutual funds coming a cropper after investing in derivatives -- financial instruments such as futures and options whose price is partly based on underlying assets such as bonds or equities.
In June PaineWebber, a securities firm, poured $268 million into a government-bond fund that it managed after the fund had lost money on risky derivatives.
JAPANESE AUTO BIZ HITS THE BRAKES, BUT STILL ON THE SKIDS TOKYO AND LONDON  (BC-FALLINGSUN-CARS-ECONOMIST) Three months of rising sales in its home market have convinced the Japanese car industry that it is at last turning the corner after four hellish years.
Newspapers, after all, have certain clear strengths.
Like amoebas, chains have a way of replicating identical versions of themselves, mainly by using nomadic managers to apply a formula style in town after town.
JAPANESE AUTO BIZ HITS THE BRAKES, BUT STILL ON THE SKIDS TOKYO AND LONDON  (BC-FALLINGSUN-CARS-ECONOMIST) Three months of rising sales in its home market have convinced the Japanese car industry that it is at last turning the corner after four hellish years.
But the $2 trillion business has lately offered a spectacle of a less impressive kind: of several big mutual funds coming a cropper after investing in derivatives -- financial instruments such as futures and options whose price is partly based on underlying assets such as bonds or equities.
In June PaineWebber, a securities firm, poured $268 million into a government-bond fund that it managed after the fund had lost money on risky derivatives.
Newspapers, after all, have certain clear strengths.
Like amoebas, chains have a way of replicating identical versions of themselves, mainly by using nomadic managers to apply a formula style in town after town.
JAPANESE AUTO BIZ HITS THE BRAKES, BUT STILL ON THE SKIDS TOKYO AND LONDON  (BC-FALLINGSUN-CARS-ECONOMIST) Three months of rising sales in its home market have convinced the Japanese car industry that it is at last turning the corner after four hellish years.
But the $2 trillion business has lately offered a spectacle of a less impressive kind: of several big mutual funds coming a cropper after investing in derivatives -- financial instruments such as futures and options whose price is partly based on underlying assets such as bonds or equities.
In June PaineWebber, a securities firm, poured $268 million into a government-bond fund that it managed after the fund had lost money on risky derivatives.
A month after the most serious disturbances of Castro's presidency -- the incident on Aug.
The last components are being loaded onto railroad flatcars and onto 175-foot-long trucks so big they can only travel the highways after 10 p.m., headed for the Port of Los Angeles.
But generation after generation, the world would not even consider the idea of international prohibition.
He was bumped off by his gang's teen-age superiors last week after botching a killing in a Chicago slum.
Mitterrand deserted Vichy and joined the resistance to the Germans only in 1943, after the allies' victory had become a certainty.
It makes some admissions but holds back the whole truth.'' One suspicion is that he agreed to talk to Pean after learning that another, reportedly more damaging book on his wartime career was also in preparation.
Now, Chavis is gone, fired last month by the 64-member board after using $332,400 of the group's money to settle a former employee's claim of sexual discrimination and harassment.
He was graduated from Castlemont High School after spending his first eight school years in a program for gifted and talented students, in which he says he was the only black student.
``The government wants to support new, creative and more `basic science'-based approaches to AIDS.'' Thirteen years after AIDS made its first appearance in the United States and a decade since the virus was discovered, only a handful of anti-viral drugs exist on the market.
Police arrested a 28-year-old man after residents identified him from police sketches and held him.
Said Conyers, ``She has had such great impact on me and all who have been fortunate to know her because her dignified conduct on that fateful day in Montomery, Ala., is precisely the way she acts and lives everyday in her life including during and after this most recent brutal attack.
An extremely attractive, raven-haired young woman sat alone at a nearby table, and after consuming a few drinks, Frank decided he would honor her with his attention.
Jurors don't like employers who take advantage of their employees, especially when they are in a position to know better.'' A San Francisco jury awarded $7.1 million in punitive damages Thursday to Rena Weeks, a former legal secretary at Baker & McKenzie, the world's largest law firm, after finding that one of the firm's veteran partners had touched Weeks inappropriately -- in one case dropping M&M candies into her breast pocket.
Weeks quit the firm a couple months after the incidents and now works for a South Bay preschool program.
Other helps include setting weekly meetings to discuss problems as they arise, establishing incentives for putting up with added stress and time off after a stressful and intense push.
AT 70, CHET ATKINS KEEPS ON PICKIN'  (BC-CHETATKINS-TEX) After a half-century of such pre-eminence in the country music business that people let him get away with adding ``C.G.P.'' (Certified Guitar Picker) after his name, you'd think Chet Atkins might have television specials as often as Bob Hope.
The catalog plays to both markets with double-entendre copy such as ``bigger dress-ups and accessories fit for a queen.'' Co-owner Lisa Hoytt (CQ) says she and her mother, Marcia Haber, named the Novato, Calif.-based mail-order business after the renowned madam Sally Stanford.
The business is going after a bulging market: More than 30 million women wear larger dress sizes, those 14 and up, according to industry estimates.
No, the real New Year's Day in America is the day after Labor Day, and this is it.
The day after Last year at this time I wrote a column poking gentle fun at the rituals of opening night at the Opera and Symphony, and some of the powers that be didn't take it well.
Clothes are supposed to change after Labor Day.
Back east, perhaps a century ago, some arbiter of taste dictated that men should not wear light-colored suits or white shoes after Labor Day.
The day after Labor Day is the beginning of fire season in the Bay Area.
The day after Labor Day is when you start hearing the phrase ``earthquake weather,'' a phrase that shouldn't be protected by the First Amendment.
The day after Labor Day is the official day of mourning for summer, a season we don't really have in San Francisco.
This particular day after Labor Day has its good points.
The proposal, which Congress will take up after the lawmakers return next week, has been described as the best hope for leading the Senate to action on health-care legislation this year.
Even her short hair, growing back now after several years she has spent bald, gives her the impression of someone just released from prison.
Ms. O'Connor shaved her head after finding out, while recording that album, that her good looks were to be used as a marketing tool.
Divorced and the mother of a 7-year-old son, Jake, she has endured a life of extreme hardship -- beaten by her mother, beaten by the nuns at the Catholic schools from which she was later expelled, sent to a detention center after being convicted of shoplifting.
(One notable exception is his ``Schindler's List,'' released last month, which moved from film to tape eight months after it opened in theaters, about the normal rate for a major movie.) Distributors expect ``Jurassic Park'' to sell about 20 million videocassettes.
``Beethoven,'' for example, the 1992 St. Bernard comedy, sold well after earning barely $50 million at the box office.
AFL'S HISTORY SUGGESTS THERE'LL BE FEW TWO-POINTERS SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-FBN-2-POINTER-HNS) Nearly a quarter century after it merged with the American Football League, the National Football League finally got around to adopting an AFL rule: the option of going for a two-point conversion after a touchdown.
Otto pointed out Los Angeles Raiders coach Art Shell went for two points after his team's opening TD in its first 1994 preseason game.
``Getting the two points, bang, after scoring six, set a precedent for what the Raiders were going to do the whole game,'' Otto said.
``They were going after points.'' Shell also ordered a successful two-pointer in the final seconds of the Raiders' last exhibition to beat Houston, 24-23.
Eldridge, a 6-foot-5, 215-pound former athlete, broke his back in several places after falling 140 feet when his parachute caught on a tree limb.
Steve Young's pass was underthrown, the result of Young getting smacked at full backpedal by defensive end Scott Davis just after releasing the ball, but Rice adjusted to it at the 5, jumped in front of Lewis to make the catch at the 2, held the ball as Lewis tried to whack it from his hands, and fell into the end zone, beneath Lewis and Eddie Anderson.
I can be that way,'' he admits, after a discussion of materialism has suddenly switched to Spencer Tracy and ended with the sentence ``There is a difference between church and state.'' Then it's on to the meaning of life.
There is the benign ``shared tiredness'' that follows communal work, the kind felt by a troupe of actors after a play, a team of athletes after a game, or the men, women and children who threshed grain on Austrian farms during Handke's childhood.
I continued icing my ankle for 20 minutes of every hour all afternoon, keeping it elevated, and took another dose of ibuprofen after four hours.
Before I learned about RICE, for example, I applied heat to such injuries, a counterproductive measure that when used right after an injury makes matters worse by increasing bleeding, swelling, pain and immobility, although heat can often play a valuable role later in the recovery process.
For the first 24 to 48 hours after an injury (and for 72 hours after a muscle injury), cold therapy is the treatment of choice.
After an injury, heat should be applied only after the 48 (or 72) hours of icing and only when swelling has subsided.
EXPATRIOT HOTSPOTS IN PARIS PARIS  (BC-WINE-TALK-NYT) Back in the 1920s, during Prohibition in the United States, the routine went something like this: Traveling by ship from New York to the northern French city of Le Havre; by boat train to the Gare St.-Lazare railroad station in Paris, and then, after a quick stop at a hotel, by taxi to Harry's New-York Bar for a glorious, inexpensive and totally legal drink.
Spurrier had come to France in the early 1970s, and after a brief time in the antique business opened a wine shop, La Cave de la Madeleine, in Paris.
Willi's is named after her first husband, Henry Gauthier-Villars, a writer whose pen name was Willy -- with a ``y.'' Williamson acknowledged that Willy treated Colette badly.
By the way, Al Gore -- who, like Bill Clinton's health care plan, will be in a cast for six months -- agreed to campaign for Robb, but only after Robb said his ties to the Clinton administration were ``exaggerated.'' And North, the sort of Republican skunk the GOP often creates and then sanctimoniously tries to disinvite to the party, has been running a TV commercial in which a fellow Vietnam veteran says of North, ``He saved my life.'' What other qualifications for the Senate does a body need?
	ROME -- The Vatican said Tuesday night it was postponing indefinitely plans for Pope John Paul II to visit Sarajevo later this week, after it failed to receive assurances for the safety of the Pope and those who would attend events connected with the visit.
Yarov, reached its conclusions after two years of forensic, anthropological and molecular analysis of nine skeletons found in a shallow pit near the city of Yekaterinberg.
For Specialist Eddie Cox, 26, of Pittsburgh, the problem Sunday night was what to do when an ostensibly friendly Russian rumbled up to his sentry post in a motorcycle after the mock ``curfew.'' The Russian said he just wanted to speak to the Americans who had always been his enemy.
I continued icing my ankle for 20 minutes of every hour all afternoon, keeping it elevated, and took another dose of ibuprofen after four hours.
Before I learned about RICE, for example, I applied heat to such injuries, a counterproductive measure that when used right after an injury makes matters worse by increasing bleeding, swelling, pain and immobility, although heat can often play a valuable role later in the recovery process.
For the first 24 to 48 hours after an injury (and for 72 hours after a muscle injury), cold therapy is the treatment of choice.
After an injury, heat should be applied only after the 48 (or 72) hours of icing and only when swelling has subsided.
	POPE-SARAJEVO (Rome) -- The Vatican said Tuesday it was postponing indefinitely plans for Pope John Paul II to visit Sarajevo later this week, after it failed to receive assurances for the safety of the pope and those who would attend events connected with the visit.
Telling the story of a blind massage therapist who, at 41, temporarily recovers her sight, he has produced an entrancing drama that lodges in the mind's eye and stays there, long after Molly's final words have been spoken.
Coming less than a year after the disheartening failure of ``Wonderful Tennessee'' on Broadway, ``Molly Sweeney'' not only restores a full shine to Friel's reputation, but it also deals clearly and affectingly with the sort of metaphysical issues that were murkily expressed in that earlier play.
 (BC-DUBLIN-THEATER-2NDTAKE-NYT) THE ABBEY AND BEYOND At the Abbey Theater, Ireland's official national theater, matters are not so felicitous, although Hugh Leonard, the author of the current offering, ``Chamber Music,'' is, arguably, the country's most accomplished living playwright, after Friel.
(Hanging her head coquettishly upon entering, she proclaims loudly, ``Embarrassed smile at being stared at.'') In the play's most raucous scene, one unbreakable chamber pot after another is pitched against the wall, only to shatter, naturally, into a thousand pieces.
1, after the works are performed by the National Symphony Orchestra in a free concert at the Kennedy Center in Washington.
He had arrived in New York the day before after a day in Montreal.
``I know a dozen guys who live in Brooklyn and who always have problems trying to go home,'' he said, alluding to the fact that a young black male often has a tough time hailing a cab, especially after finishing work at 4 a.m. Hargrove's five-year plan includes forming a production company, writing film scores and producing a hip-hop record.
As a candidate for statewide office in a state with 32 million people and 58 counties, I intend to be involved in a very public campaign.'' The judge was sympathetic and delayed the trial -- involving allegations of retaliation against a whistle blower -- until after the Nov.
``He doesn't stay around much after the prayer,'' said Speaker To the Beer Drinkers of America, Rep.
Denying prenatal services to illegals could result in higher Medi-Cal costs later to their children, who would be citizens upon birth and ironically eligible for social services after that point.
The intrusion was upheld in Municipal Court after several days of battle on live television, but that just showed more of our overly adversarial system.
	NEW YORK (NYT) -- Two shootings by off-duty police officers over the Labor Day Weekend in which one officer killed his brother, who was a police sergeant, and another killed a civilian after being assaulted on the Bronx-Whitestone Bridge, raised new questions Tuesday about police officers carrying guns in their free time.
The story began to have a heavy-handed quality after awhile, Johnson said, and once inside, the mom turned out to be a veteran Power Ranger shopper.
Although Mike Nolan, the Giants' defensive coordinator, has yet to buy into this notion, he is ``feeling a little better'' after the Giants contained quarterback Randall Cunningham in a 28-23 victory over the Eagles last Sunday.
``It's nice, especially after five sacks,'' Nolan said.
It was more than three months after D-Day.
After graduating from high school in 1937, Mendoza enrolled at a military institute, but after crewing on yachts on the Great Lakes, ``where you didn't make anything but you got your room and board,'' he got the maritime bug, joined the Naval Reserve and later won admission to the Naval Academy.
(He learned French in a Berlitz course after joining the OSS and is so fluent he has taught it at Tarrant County Junior College.) This Langres liberation commemoration, he said, won't be about war.
``I remember, after we landed, the people of the town had prepared a meal for us, then we were just sort of taken in by a family,'' he said.
Whatever the secret, it helped the Jets, although the offense did not really understand how much until after the game.
It came late in the first half, three plays after the Jets had extended their lead to 14-3, and led to Nick Lowery's 27-yard field goal five seconds before halftime.
In the Jets' locker room after the game, Lageman was describing the play.
I'll just say this: if you're an NFL team in the draft next year and you need a quarterback, I don't see how you can pass this guy up.'' McNair was solemn after the loss.
He was ecstatic that his quarterback, after being challenged all week to stand up and be accounted for in his showdown against McNair, had done so.
Gerstner moved over from RJR Nabisco, which he had joined just after it became one of Wall Street's colossal leveraged buyouts.
But after that, the big makers of industrial robots are Japanese: Motoman , the Panasonic Factory Automation Co., Kawasaki Robotics, Sony Component Products and Nachi Robotic Systems, all of which do their manufacturing in Japan.
Webster, now in federal prison, did not reimburse the state until after his indictment.
--D.T., Fort Worth A: A representative of Lava-Simplex International, the makers of the Lava Lite, said that after a number of years the wax can become ``burnt out.'' There's nothing that can be done to repair it, but a replacement globe costs about $50 less than a new lamp.
They are accused of kidnapping Drummond near Kingdom City, Mo., after he offered them help and forcing him to drive to Lafayette County, where he was killed.
Nobody knew what had happened.'' But after the report about Drummond's disappearance, Williams said, DeGraffenreid pulled him aside and said he knew where the AT&T supervisor was.
finally completed its purchase of the Dreyfus mutual fund empire late last month after taking nearly nine months to receive the required approval from regulators.
``But that creates an opening to buy the stock now after the dilution.'' Before it buys anything else, however, Mellon has its hands full with Dreyfus.
24, when after weeks of lumbering within a narrow 100-point range, the Dow Jones Industrial Average soared 71 points, 45 of which came in the last two hours of trading.
Only after months can analysts retrace the numbers and see whether a rally or pullback is shortlived or the beginnings of a bull or bear market.
The day after that it was down 36 points.
Many described the decline during the past two days as an overdue pause after the runaway rise of the market.'' The market kept falling and on Oct.
24, when after weeks of lumbering within a narrow 100-point range, the Dow Jones Industrial Average soared 71 points, 45 of which came in the last two hours of trading.
Only after months can analysts retrace the numbers and see whether a rally or pullback is shortlived or the beginnings of a bull or bear market.
The day after that it was down 36 points.
Many described the decline during the past two days as an overdue pause after the runaway rise of the market.'' The market kept falling and on Oct.
 (BC-NEW-SEASON-TV-2NDTAKE-$ADV11-NYT) NBC ``EARTH 2'' It's 200 years in the future, and humanity, relegated to living in space stations after permanently befouling the earth, tries to start over on a planet that is 22 light-years away.
It stars a former UCLA player, Bobby Hosea, as O.J. Fox, sometime after the jury has been selected.
The question for NBC: Does it run opposite ``Scarlett'' or right after it to capitalize on those ratings?
``YOUNG INDIANA JONES AND THE HOLLYWOOD FOLLIES'' George Lucas's attempt to keep this franchise alive after the demise of the ABC series.
``FATHERLAND'' Thriller set in Berlin 20 years after a Nazi victory.
Ann Williams, a Southern Baptist minister who was her chaplain at Lenox Hill Hospital, with helping ease her back into the world four years ago, after her son died weeks after his premature birth.
Yarov, reached its conclusions after two years of forensic, anthropological and molecular analysis of nine skeletons found in a shallow pit near the city of Yekaterinburg.
Without a championship since the 1992 Italian Open, a stretch that covers two years and four months, Sabatini will be making just her third semifinal appearance in a Grand Slam tournament in the past two seasons (the other two came in the 1993 and 1994 Australian Opens) after advancing to that level in every Grand Slam event in 1992, except the United States Open.
It was hard.'' The urge to take time off from tennis was strongest after the 1993 Australian Open, in which Sabatini lost to Monica Seles in the semifinals.
POPE CANCELS SARAJEVO VISIT DUE TO SAFETY CONCERNS ROME  (BC-POPE-SARAJEVO-NYT) Pope John Paul II has decided to postpone his visit to Sarajevo after failing to receive assurances for the safety of those who would attend events connected with his visit, the Vatican said Tuesday.
In its statement Tuesday, the Vatican said, ``The Pope, after having heard his principal aides and inspired by a profound sense of responsibility toward the residents, has decided to postpone the visit, with the aim of undertaking it as soon as circumstances permit.'' The Vatican said the pope's planned two-day visit to Zagreb, the capital of predominantly Roman Catholic Croatia, will go ahead as planned on Sept.
In April the pope was canceled a trip to Lebanon after a bomb exploded in a Catholic Maronite church there.
Moreover, the 74-year-old pope has appeared extremely frail since he underwent hip surgery in April after a fall.
Doubts about the trip began to mount earlier this week after a papal envoy, Msgr.
In the documentary, to be broadcast Wednesday night on Channel 13, Wiseman revisits education 26 years after his earlier film, ``High School,'' captured the rigid authoritarianism at a Pennsylvania high school.
Newspapers, after all, have certain clear strengths.
Like amoebas, chains have a way of replicating identical versions of themselves, mainly by using nomadic managers to apply a formula style in town after town.
Just last year, the economy began to grow again after years of decline, and the government hopes the billions of dollars from the sale of its state industries will help.
But as White House officials began returning to Washington on Tuesday after stealing away for brief vacations, those whose jobs may be on the line are looking forward to an end to the anxiety that began on June 29, when Panetta said he intended to make changes ``sooner rather than later.'' One White House official said Tuesday, ``It hasn't been easy for anyone.'' Another said that Panetta recognized that the weeks of mystery had caused considerable uneasiness but that he had told subordinates who have expressed anxiety that he was determined to ``do the job and do it right.'' Aides to Clinton said Tuesday that the president had not talked with Panetta since he began his vacation here on Aug.
The price downturn came after three years of very sharp increases that brought land costs within striking distance of those in Tokyo, home to the world's most expensive real estate, and made it virtually impossible for middle-income families here to buy a home.
The market did tumble in 1989 after the crackdown on democracy demonstrators in Tiananmen Square of Beijing sent jitters across the border.
Critics, mainly in Ottawa, have already named it ``patronage park'' and ``Jean's World.'' Yvon Legault, the author of the study, compared it to Montreal's Museum of Humor, which closed last fall less than a year after opening.
Dallas Cowboys Coach Barry Switzer's lack of discipline; Warren Moon's adjustments in quarterbacking Minnesota after years of the run-and-shoot at Houston, and the way ex-teammates view Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Randall Cunningham.
And two days after the first news article about Pataki's father was published, the Cuomo campaign released a statement saying the governor's mother, Immaculata, had depleted nearly $200,000 in assets on nursing-home care and, for the last year, had received Medicaid assistance.
Cuomo also transferred her Queens home to her three children in 1991, shortly after suffering a stroke.
Under an arrangement known as a ``life estate,'' the home would have remained under her control until after her death, when her children would have taken title.
On the other hand, Whittle Communications LP, last month canceled its Medical News Network, a video network for doctors, after testing the system for 18 months with 5,000 physicians.
It was like a playoff game, the intensity.'' It was Sapolu who wryly offered this observation after the last loss to Dallas: ``When we were winning all of our championships the offense got all of the attention and I would always sit back and laugh because all of us knew we had a championship defense.
The old Montana ghost has lived in San Francisco long after his departure.
But after this sparkling opening, the 49ers' current cast has provided a new link to the glory years.
GM was up 2[ to 52\, with almost all of the rise coming after the auto maker's announcement at 2:50 p.m. that August vehicle sales had been better than expected; domestic cars were up 17 percent and domestic trucks were up 15 percent, over the year-earlier period.
American Express, the most active stock with 3.9 million shares changing hands, rose 1] to 30] after the company introduced a new version of its Optima credit card.
Eastman Kodak rose 1[ to 51\, after announcing the $1 billion sale of its clinical-diagnostics business, which makes cancer-screening machines and other equipment, to Johnson & Johnson, which slipped [ to 50.
Another recurring image, of course, is that of the buffoon, which began to reach its height after segregation was in place, and hypermasculinity alone was an insufficient rationale to deny the rights of citizenship.
Malcolm may have been the most ``universal'' of any black male image before or after him.
Diaz, who was later reprimanded for his behavior, said that after one of those shavings, Ms. Coughlin wrote on a souvenir poster to him: ``You made me see God! The Paulster.'' Defense lawyers have hired a handwriting specialist to analyze samples of Ms. Coughlin's penmanship.
Pentagon investigators concluded that Ms. Coughlin had done nothing wrong, and the accusations against her surfaced only after she had gone public with her account of vast misconduct.
Trading was light after the Labor Day weekend, in part because of the Jewish holiday of Rosh Hashana.
Bond prices came under pressure early in the day after the dollar fell in overnight trading.
But his administration was embarrassed last year when a man who had been convicted of second-degree murder killed a police officer after walking away from a work release program.
MEXICAN BANKER DISAPPEARS AFTER HIS ARREST IS ORDERED MEXICO CITY  (BC-MEXICO-BANKER-760-(2TAKES)-NYT) A brash young Mexican bank director who confounded the international business community with deals to acquire well-known food companies in the United States is believed by officials to have fled the country after a warrant was issued for his arrest on charges of fraudulently lending himself as much as $700 million.
Guillermo Ortiz, under secretary of finance, said Tuesday that the fraudulent loans probably began within a few months after Cabal bought Banco BCH.
A few weeks after the Del Monte Foods deal was called off, it was on again.
Five months after the most recent burst of heavy fighting, which killed countless thousands and forced thousands of others to flee, international human rights organizations are present, and Kagame said in an interview that others were welcome to join them and the U.N. observers posted here to help protect returning refugees.
We know what it is like to be refugees,'' said Murigande, 36 years old, who grew up in a refugee camp in Burundi, and has just returned to Rwanda after teaching at Howard University in Washington for the last five years.
The massacres began after the president, Juvenal Habyarimana, was killed on April 6 in a mysterious plane crash along with the president of neighboring Burundi, which is peopled by the same ethnic groups.
The country's Prime Minister Faustin Twagiramungu, who is a member of the Movement for a Democratic Republic Party, the largest after the Patriotic Front, wanted to follow the Arusha Accords, but on this, the Front prevailed.
Yzaga walked off the court after beating Sampras and strolled into the press conference and started talking in near flawless English.
But after a few minutes of staring at the raffish gaggle of international journalists, Yzaga, too, hit his personal wall.
In fact, Sampras was never the same after falling into Bumpy Crater, a deep depression at the end of the Stadium court, in his previous match.
``I've got blisters on my feet, both feet, my whole body's sore, it kind of caught up with me,'' Sampras reported after the match.
Its most unusual feature is that interest will not be charged on any purchases until 25 days after the date the cardholder's bill is printed.
NASA shuttle program managers decided Tuesday to start the countdown after concluding that a dramatic shuttle launch abort last month posed no safety risks for Discovery.
Computers halted Endeavour's mission less than two seconds before liftoff after a sensor detected that an oxygen propellant turbo pump was overheating.
``At least for the first few weeks, after that I can't tell.
And it ended Tuesday morning, after a nationwide manhunt, with arrests in a dusty culvert at the edge of the mountains around Santa Fe. But even after serving federal warrants to 22-year-old Lewis E.
15 after serving 11 months of an 18-month sentence for stealing a boat and breaking and entering.
But that was not true of Elliott, the teen-ager with whom Gilbert apparently crossed paths shortly after his release.
	International 	A Mexican banker is believed to have fled the country after a warrant for his arrest was issued.
	Crude oil prices recovered after a selloff prompted by the end of a strike by Nigerian oil workers.
They are among hundreds of children who have arrived in the United States this year after sometimes harrowing journeys in unseaworthy boats and rafts, taken by parents who say desperation over conditions in Cuba and worry for their children's future drove them to the sea.
Yandro's mother, Olga Acevedo, said she could no longer get milk for the boy because ``they don't give milk to children after they turn 7.'' The children themselves vividly remember depravation, from toys to underwear.
in Social workers with church agencies that help relocate families say that many children, after spending days vomiting and seasick in cramped boats where all they could do was sit, are now afraid of water or getting on boats.
Josephine Chaus, who took over managing the company after her husband, Bernard, died in 1991, and who controls a majority of the company's stock, will remain chairwoman.
Chaus said ``write-offs and restructuring charges will be included as part of the loss in fiscal 1994 and will therefore be behind us.'' The management changes were announced after the stock market closed Tuesday.
Although the 23rd-ranked Yzaga raised his arms in Rocky-like triumph after his 3-6, 6-3, 4-6, 7-6 (7-4), 7-5 victory sent him into the second Grand Slam quarterfinal of his career, this was clearly an upset of a champion who could justifiably be counted among the walking wounded.
``I wasn't going to give up, to let him not earn it; I was trying to get through it somehow,'' said the dejected player, ``but the longer the rallies went, the worse chance I had of finishing the match.'' According to the tournament physicians who huddled with him after the loss, Sampras, who had been taking anti-inflammatories for his foot trouble, was suffering from a generic case of overwhelming muscle fatigue.
 (BC-TEN-OPEN-SAMPRAS-2NDTAKE-NYT) Sampras, while not putting on a vibrant performance, had seemed headed for the quarterfinal round after taking a workmanlike 3-0 lead in the fourth set.
Just after winning the seventh game on his serve for a 4-3 third-set lead Tuesday, Sampras limped over to his change-over seat, threw down his racquet and ripped off his right sock.
Each time he touched down after serving, his feet stuck to the Decoturf instead of carrying him to the net, and after double-faulting to trail, 2-3, Sampras never caught up.
Instead, the player heralded as the most complete and classic performer of the Open era departed with his shoulders slumped, his chin on his chest, dragging his bag of racquets miserably behind him after his loss to a 26-year-old counter-puncher known more for stubborn substance than style.
Three hours and six minutes after their Grandstand match began, Bjorkman, who reached this round by deposing a national hero, Stefan Edberg, who attained his first-ever Grand Slam quarterfinal with a 3-6, 6-3, 6-2, 6-7 (3-7), 6-3 victory.
For the second straight year, but for just the second time in the Open's history, all eight of the women's quarterfinalists hailed from different nations, but after Gabriela Sabatini ousted 48th-ranked Gigi Fernandez Tuesday, the United States sent no representative into the semifinals for only the third time in 108 years.
The body of the first officer, Steven Laski, 30, was found by police officers shortly before 7 a.m. Tuesday after he failed to show up for work in the department's Brooklyn court division.
The other dead officer, Dirk Kaiser, also 30, was among the more than 2,000 cadets who threw their white gloves into the air last Wednesday after graduation ceremonies in Madison Square Garden.
One is to keep guys in line by holding the loss of jobs over their heads and the other is to help guys to deal with loss.'' News of Laski's death spread quickly, and after his body was taken away, two carloads of officers arrived at the scene, Maurice Avenue and 53d Avenue.
7: Three months after accusing O.J. Simpson of double murder and only weeks before the trial, Los Angeles prosecutors have yet to say whether they will seek the death penalty.
POLICE HUNT FOR TIFFANY THIEVES NEW YORK  (BC-TIFFANY-HEIST-425&ADD-NYT) It was curiosity that drew Cathy Paul to the fabled showroom of Tiffany & Co. on Tuesday, the first day of business after daring robbers escaped with more than $1.25 million in jewelry during the weekend.
``Or they could be very sophisticated thieves, who were in the store posing as customers, who set up the guards after studying their routines,'' he said at a news conference at the 17th Precinct station house.
Almost two days after the brazen robbery, investigators were still looking for clues that would lead them to the bandits.
``The second-worst headlines for Pataki to read on the day after the primary is that despite his organization, despite support from Al D'Amato, his numbers were not overwhelming,'' said Lee M.
``Let's say by about three to one.'' In stop after campaign stop, Rosenbaum has tried to make the most of Pataki's front-runner detachment.
22 after Officer Peter DelDebbio, a white officer traveling home from work on the subway, mistook him for a criminal and shot him on an East Side subway platform.
PARENTS SCRAMBLE TO COPE WITH DELAYED OPENING OF D.C. SCHOOLS WASHINGTON  (BC-DEECEE-SCHOOLS-475&ADD-NYT) A day after the District of Columbia School Board postponed the opening of schools because of fire code violations, school officials scrambled to find alternatives for the schools that will not be ready by the scheduled opening on Monday, while parents searched frantically for day care.
The delay was prompted after a judge on Monday refused to accept a interim plan to open 47 school buildings that failed to meet fire codes.
Barry Jr., who left office after being convicted on drug charges.
``Oh well, after the three minutes we will have two full days for sightseeing.
If Carlson can't play, Bucky Richardson will start and Tolliver will be his backup after only four days of practice in the Oilers' offense.
``It may not be a difficult challenge, but if my endorsement is going to help him, then certainly I should do it before the primary,'' he said in an interview after the news conference.
Pataki, who faced criticism from Giuliani for not taking a stand on the federal crime bill, also offered praise for Ms. Molinari for her role in the amended bill, which passed only after a bitter partisan battle had scuttled a larger earlier version.
20, when a 15-pound, 3-by-3-foot metal access door located just behind the landing gear doors severed a hydraulic tube after it tore off.
He said that he was returning home after staying late at his office to work on legal documents and fix a broken computer printer and that he was unpacking his trunk when Officer Wagman approached him.
The officials say that Kandekore waited for more than three months after the incident to accuse the officers of assault.
Kandekore says that he acted soon after his indictment on Feb.
In 1984, after being told he had less than a year to live, Liebow left his post with the National Institute of Mental Health and began volunteering at a soup kitchen and a homeless shelter for women.
When someone asked Pete if he feared for his life after the Monica Seles incident forced increased security on the tour, he replied, ``I feel safe all over the world.
Then came Sampras, looking a bit fresher after an hour of treatment.
Can he come back after the debacle against the Rangers?
At the time, fans had been calling for Montana -- after nearly a two-year layoff -- to start ahead of Young in the playoffs.
In fact, after the 1991 season, Seifert admitted the team had become ``polarized and fragmented'' over the quarterback controversy, saying, ``It was everywhere -- within the building, within the team, within the community.'' So now, they'll finally be on the field.
1, United will begin taking reservations for travel after Nov.
Among other carriers: -- Continental will begin offering a ticketless system sometime after Jan.
	Y&R was awarded the account after a three-month review that included McCann-Erickson Worldwide and Foote, Cone & Belding.
In June, AT&T dropped Ogilvy from its roster after the agency won an IBM account valued at $500 million.
There are very limited public dollars, but we are willing to sit down with the Seahawks and discuss any proposals they may have.'' The Seahawks' next home game in the Kingdome -- after moving Sept.
After pulling off the risky gamble of upsetting baseball's established way of doing things, and after becoming both rich beyond measure and hailed as a visionary for doing so, Walter O'Malley spent the rest of his life as the power behind the throne.
30 after nearly half a century of outfitting the stars.
She plans to spend time at home in the Los Angeles area of Arleta with her three grandchildren and travel after Sept.
At Ellis Island, a confused immigration agent shortened his name to Nudie, and he never used two names after that, she said.
30 after nearly half a century of outfitting the stars.
She plans to spend time at home in the Los Angeles area of Arleta with her three grandchildren and travel after Sept.
At Ellis Island, a confused immigration agent shortened his name to Nudie, and he never used two names after that, she said.
``Sounds as though they're the best team that's ever played football,'' the Kansas City Chiefs' coach said, sarcastically, the day after hearing the ``Monday Night Football'' crew extolling the virtues of the San Francisco 49ers.
``I don't think it's important at all when people talk about us negatively or positively,'' he claimed after making remarks indicating just the opposite.
This shtick actually started after the playoff victory at Houston last January.
``At first I didn't really know what was going on,'' said Norton, who wound up underneath McCallum after the play.
``I didn't hear him say one word.'' Hostetler was one of the first players to reach McCallum after the play.
``I tried so hard to be an impact player,'' Rice said after the game Monday night.
``He put all the pressure on me,'' said a breathless and slightly awed Kafelnikov after the 2-hour-2-minute tour de force by Stich.
The body of the first officer, Steven Laski, a gregarious 30-year-old, was found by police officers shortly before 7 a.m. Tuesday after he failed to show up for work in the department's Brooklyn court division.
The other dead officer, Dirk Kaiser, also 30, was among the more than 2,000 cadets who threw their white gloves into the air last Wednesday after graduation ceremonies in Madison Square Garden.
News of Laski's death spread quickly, and after his body was taken away, two carloads of officers arrived at the scene, Maurice and 53rd avenues.
On Friday night, a day after being assigned to the Midtown South Precinct in Manhattan, he celebrated and apparently got drunk, police said.
Saturday, shortly after midnight, he hit a car at 111th Street and Atlantic Avenue in Queens, causing minor injuries to passengers, and sped off.
2-9, stamped with Nelson's name on the blade and the word ``Neutralizer'' on the steel shafts -- for approximately ``12 to 14 years.'' Initially, Nelson, a Fort Worth native and Roanoke resident, gave the clubs to friend Clyde Watkins after Nelson's retirement in 1945.
His new team, after all, has played but one game.
``I guess I made more of this game than anybody after it was over,'' Jones confessed yesterday at his weekly media repast.
I don't understand, after all we (the local media) and Owner Jones have been through together, why he suddenly seems to have had a relapse of sensitivity.
The football team's mascot, a quarter horse the color of polished onyx that could outgallop Bam Morris, died after crashing into a stadium wall during he opening game Saturday.
Yes, coach Spike Dykes knows Nebraska not only is a load but newly elevated to No. 1 after trampling West Virginia.
The big question that faces Gainey is who will emerge as the Stars' No. 1 goalie after a season in which Andy Moog and Darcy Wakaluk juggled the responsibilities.
POSTQUAKE WORK TREND CONTINUES LOS ANGELES  (BC-QUAKE-TELECOMUTE-LADN) More than nine out of 10 workers who began telecommuting after the Jan.
The survey -- released Tuesday -- confirms an interest in telecommuting reported independently, at centers set up by Los Angeles County and other entities shortly after the 6.8 temblor.
So I just had to stay very focused on what I was doing.'' It is a technique, he says, with which he had erratic success in the years after he left Alexandria (La.) High School, where he played football and baseball (catcher) for Don Boniol, his father.
So, basically, I just don't do stuff.'' Boniol might also consider donning a false nose and mustache after having become something of a media focus during his day-to-day competition with Cunningham.
It was also determined that a moment of silence will be observed at Thursday's game against Nebraska in memory of Tech's mascot -- a black quarter horse named Double T, who died Saturday after throwing its rider during the New Mexico game and crashing head-first into a cement wall.
Chapman was cut from the New York Jets' training camp this summer, then was signed and cut after one day with the Cowboys.
Coleman had become sort of a local folk hero after he rose from making $6.50 an hour working at a hardware store in 1991 and '92 to being part of a Super Bowl championship team.
Cowboys offensive backfield coach Joe Brodsky said Coleman's departure was inevitable, and Coleman knew it, especially after he fumbled three times in consecutive preseason games against Denver and New Orleans, two of which occurred near the opponents' goal line.
On Tuesday, after the holiday weekend, they quit their jobs, packed up their motor home and went on a long vacation.
The Bosnian Serbs, who still surround Sarajevo and hold 70 percent of Bosnian territory after 28 months of war, stalled briefly and then dismissed the settlement, which offered them 49 percent of Bosnia, as ludicrous.
President Clinton's plan to press for ending the arms embargo to the Bosnian government after Oct.
In Paris, Texas, Maya Angelou's Now I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings was removed from a ninth-grade honors reading list and moved onto a 12th-grade list after parents complained about references to rape and an out-of-wedlock birth.
No sooner had Hewett popped a Life Saver in his mouth Monday afternoon, than in walked his guests, bleary-eyed after rising at 3 a.m. for their 8-hour flight.
Hewett tracked him down after finding an old Bible he received at the St. Gilles hospital.
Since fall practice began, his quarterbacks have rotated playing his video game after each practice.
TEXAS DRUG TREATMENT CENTER TO REFUND $1 MILLION TO STATE AUSTIN, Texas  (BC-REHAB-(700&ADD)-COX) The Austin Rehabilitation Center has agreed to refund more than $1 million to the state after auditors found that money earmarked for drug and alcohol treatment was spent on six-figure bonuses and gifts for the center's top two administrators.
In addition, the Austin Rehabilitation Center's long-time governing board chairman, Monsignor Richard McCabe, will not be re-appointed after his term ends in December.
Negotiations on a compromise began shortly after the Justice Department's decision.
And for weeks already, both sides have had people studying what to do after the season is written off.
Now, after being apart for so long, we are having to figure it out again.
In Paris, Texas, Maya Angelou's Now I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings was removed from a ninth-grade honors reading list and moved onto a 12th-grade list after parents complained about references to rape and an out-of-wedlock birth.
No sooner had Hewett popped a Life Saver in his mouth Monday afternoon, than in walked his guests, bleary-eyed after rising at 3 a.m. for their 8-hour flight.
Hewett tracked him down after finding an old Bible he received at the St. Gilles hospital.
Since fall practice began, his quarterbacks have rotated playing his video game after each practice.
TEXAS DRUG TREATMENT CENTER TO REFUND $1 MILLION TO STATE AUSTIN, Texas  (BC-REHAB-(700&ADD)-COX) The Austin Rehabilitation Center has agreed to refund more than $1 million to the state after auditors found that money earmarked for drug and alcohol treatment was spent on six-figure bonuses and gifts for the center's top two administrators.
In addition, the Austin Rehabilitation Center's long-time governing board chairman, Monsignor Richard McCabe, will not be re-appointed after his term ends in December.
Negotiations on a compromise began shortly after the Justice Department's decision.
And for weeks already, both sides have had people studying what to do after the season is written off.
Now, after being apart for so long, we are having to figure it out again.
Just last year, the economy began to grow again after years of decline, and the government hopes the billions of dollars from the sale of its state industries will help.
But after that, the big makers of industrial robots are Japanese: Motoman , the Panasonic Factory Automation Co., Kawasaki Robotics, Sony Component Products and Nachi Robotic Systems, all of which do their manufacturing in Japan.
The price downturn came after three years of very sharp increases that brought land costs within striking distance of those in Tokyo, home to the world's most expensive real estate, and made it virtually impossible for middle-income families here to buy a home.
The market did tumble in 1989 after the crackdown on democracy demonstrators in Tiananmen Square of Beijing sent jitters across the border.
They (Israel) are the occupiers and things will change only after the occupation ends,'' said Ahmed Sawan, political editor for the state-run Tishreen newspaper.
U.S. Secretary of State Warren Christopher is expected to return to the region at the end of this month, after the Jewish high holy days.
``And after 11 regimes, would you believe my salary is still the same?'' To get the photos please write or fax (no telephone calls please, to Gladys Pera, New York Times Syndicate, 122 E.
``And after 11 regimes, would you believe my salary is still the same?'' To get the photos please write or fax (no telephone calls please, to Gladys Pera, New York Times Syndicate, 122 E.
Appealing to his countrymen to avoid a plunge into self-destructive nationalism, Grachev, an ex-paratrooper hero of the Afghanistan war, told reporters: ``We'll send 500 people for the exercise next year, and a year after that we'll have even more here, though maybe on a different testing ground.
U.S. Army spokesman Richard Bridges said funds from the program, named after its sponsors Sens.
The need for Beeley's classes isn't so much a credit to alternative medicine as an indictment of traditional medicine's available treatments for menopause, defined as the loss of menstruation and considered to have occurred six months after a woman's last period.
What seems sure is that estrogen heightens the risk of uterine cancer and might increase the risk of a woman contracting breast cancer 10 to 15 years after treatment.
A traditional business historian starts with the founding of a company and looks forward, said Weindruch, who started the History Factory 15 years ago after a stint at the Smithsonian Institution.
A traditional business historian starts with the founding of a company and looks forward, said Weindruch, who started the History Factory 15 years ago after a stint at the Smithsonian Institution.
``Crime,'' he states with the dauntless authority of a very young man, ``is completely chaotic and filled with one screw-up after the next.'' And then he glides straight from life into movies.
``In the age of cable television, rural kids get all these messages and images that suggested that all these exciting things are happening far away from them, and it's hard to explain that it's not necessarily the truth.'' Civic and education leaders in small towns say they try to encourage young people to consider coming home after college, but their words often fall on deaf ears.
Donna Headrick, who chose to take a counter job in a fast-food restaurant here after graduating from Broken Bow High School last spring, said some friends had told her, ``We think you're crazy to stay here -- but we'll support you.'' She said it was not easy to be one of the few left behind.
When, after a few days, supply deliveries permitted Patton to resume his advance, it was too la te to pick up the momentum.
In the book 2,194 Days of War, authors Cesare Salmaggi and Alfredo Pallavisini, report, ``The main target is England, particularly London, but after the Germans lose Antwerp that city also becomes a constant target for the new weapon in o rder to prevent the Allies from making use of the harbor.'' Allied armies eventually destroy V-1 and V-2 launch sites in Northern France and Belgium, but not before 1,115 V-2's are hurled at London, resulting in 2,724 dead and 6,467 seriously wounded, Salmaggi and Pallavisini write.
9, at Atlantic City, N.J. Representing the District of Columbia, Miss Ramey, a redhead, receives her crown after winning two talent awards and finishing fi rst in the swim suit competition.
COMMENTARY: CLINTON, DOLE AND THE 1996 BATTLE FOR PRESIDENT WASHINGTON  (BC-THOMPSON-COLUMN-HNS) Shortly after he became president, Bill Clinton accepted an invitation from Washington power broker Bob Strauss to meet with Bob Dole over lunch at a popular local restaurant.
COMMENTARY: CLINTON, DOLE AND THE 1996 BATTLE FOR PRESIDENT WASHINGTON  (BC-THOMPSON-COLUMN-$ADV11-HNS) Shortly after he became president, Bill Clinton accepted an invitation from Washington power broker Bob Strauss to meet with Bob Dole over lunch at a popular local restaurant.
But he also is possessed of a sentimental streak that led him to tears when Gerald Ford selected him to run for vice president in 1976, when he bade farewell to Bush after the last election and when he eulogized Richard Nixon last spring.
The testing and interviews were repeated when students were in the 10th and 12th grades, and the interviews continued after graduation.
-- Children whose parents restrict television during the week, provide music classes outside school and offer some form of adult supervision after school also do better on achievement tests, Dr. Muller found.
Of his role as Mark Antony in the 1953 film version of ``Julius Caesar,'' he writes: ``For me to walk onto a movie set and play Mark Antony without more experience was asinine.'' Of his decision to appear in Elia (Gadg) Kazan's movie ``On the Waterfront,'' after Kazan had named names before the House Committee on Un-American Activities, he writes: ``I finally decided to do the film, but what I didn't realize then was that `On the Waterfront' was really a metaphorical argument by Gadg and Budd Schulberg: they made the film to justify finking on their friends.'' And of his use of highly autobiographical material in improvisations shot by Bernardo Bertolucci for ``Last Tango in Paris,'' he recalls: ``I decided that I wasn't ever again going to destroy myself emotionally to make a movie.
	CHINA-DISCUS (Haikou) -- China's national champion discus thrower among disabled athletes, Fang Zheng, was disqualified from representing his country in the Far East and South Pacific Games, now under way in Beijing, after Communist Party officials discovered that his disability arose from the 1989 military assault against the Tiananmen Square uprising.
IT ALL STARTS WITH WHITE SHOES  (BC-TAYLOR-COLUMN-TEX) In spite of my instructions, Claudia Benge quite firmly told me she has no intention of giving up her white Easy Spirit shoes after Labor Day.
She is the one, remember, who, after filming a commercial in the Dallas suburb of Plano, tripped, broke her hip, considered briefly the disadvantages of confinement in a Dallas or Plano hospital, then drove all the way back to Fort Worth, where she pulled into the Harris Hospital emergency entrance and beeped her horn for curb service.
One would think that after all this time married to me, one could remember how to set a proper table: knife, spoon on the right, fork on the left, napkin in center or on left.
Yesterday, after a long day's work and reaching a stage of acute hunger, we set out for the closest eating establishment, which, it turned out, was a roadhouse full of good old boys drinking beer, smoking cigarettes and trading hunting stories.
In his introduction, Lindsey, the former West Coast bureau chief for the New York Times who also, oddly, co-wrote Ronald Reagan's memoirs, explains that Brando turned to him after finding that ``he didn't have the emotional reserve to write a full-blown autobiography.
Back almost by popular demand, the franchise returns to movies after its sojourn on the small screen.
Perverse, sexy and a natural for Roman Polanski, who may be on a roll after the kinky excesses of ``Bitter Moon.'' Glenn Close won a Tony for the Weaver role on Broadway.
It was like an eel sliding backwards into a hole''), the lineup of eager women backstage after every performance of ``Streetcar'' (``For a 24-year-old who was eager to follow his penis where it could go, it was wonderful''), his relationship with the sycophantic James Dean, his innumerable narrow bedroom escapes, his affair with Marilyn Monroe (``She invited me over, and it wasn't long before every soldier's dream came true''), his strange encounter with President John F.
It was like an eel sliding backwards into a hole''), the lineup of eager women backstage after every performance of ``Streetcar'' (``For a 24-year-old who was eager to follow his penis where it could go, it was wonderful''), his relationship with the sycophantic James Dean, his innumerable narrow bedroom escapes, his affair with Marilyn Monroe (``She invited me over, and it wasn't long before every soldier's dream came true''), his strange encounter with President John F.
 (BC-NEW-SEASON-TV-2NDTAKE-$ADV11-NYT) NBC ``EARTH 2'' It's 200 years in the future, and humanity, relegated to living in space stations after permanently befouling the earth, tries to start over on a planet that is 22 light-years away.
It stars a former UCLA player, Bobby Hosea, as O.J. Fox, sometime after the jury has been selected.
The question for NBC: Does it run opposite ``Scarlett'' or right after it to capitalize on those ratings?
``YOUNG INDIANA JONES AND THE HOLLYWOOD FOLLIES'' George Lucas's attempt to keep this franchise alive after the demise of the ABC series.
``FATHERLAND'' Thriller set in Berlin 20 years after a Nazi victory.
Another recurring image, of course, is that of the buffoon, which began to reach its height after segregation was in place, and hypermasculinity alone was an insufficient rationale to deny the rights of citizenship.
Malcolm may have been the most ``universal'' of any black male image before or after him.
	``Does the Vatican rule the world?'' asked Egypt's population minister, Maher Mahran, speaking at a news conference shortly after Wednesday morning's discussion was derailed by new objections from a group of Latin American nations.
But people on the street talk about them constantly.'' 	Fang's legs were crushed and later amputated after a Chinese Army tank ran him down and dragged him for 30 feet as it plunged into a crowd of university students retreating from People's Liberation Army troops west of Tiananmen Square just before dawn on June 4, 1989.
A few return the property to residential use after suffering from either financial or emotional burnout, or, as Ms. Hardy put it, ``the disillusionment factor.'' She estimates that the number of bed and breakfasts and country inns -- where dinner is served in addition to breakfast -- has stabilized between 12,000 and 15,000.
``More businessmen are asking for tubs to soak in after a long day,'' Mulay added.
``For heaven's sake, if you have a Victorian, don't name it after Victoria or Anne or any British princes,'' she continued.
``Don't name it after fruits, either.
Apple is the most over-used name after a queen or a prince.'' ``Workshops are useful not for convincing individuals to go into the business,'' said Ms. Williams, who also started the state's bed-and-breakfast industry association, ``but for helping them to decide it's not for them.'' Of the 150 people who have attended weekend seminars at the Whistling Swan, 12 have gone on to open their own inns.
	His remarks came a day after a leading Republican strategist, William Kristol, urged Congressional Republicans to fight against any incremental steps that Congress might consider this fall.
	With the concept of modest legislation under attack from the right and the left, Senate aides nevertheless continued to see if they could find a route to a bill that would command support after Congress returns from vacation next Monday.
	``Night after night George held me weeping in his arms while I tried to explain my feelings.
The despair vanished after about six months.
OPPOSE CHIEFS, NOT MONTANA SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-FBN-PRO-JOE-HNS) For those who wish Joe Montana the worst, who hope he gets smeared after every play, who would like to see him throw three interceptions to Dana Hall, I have one suggestion: Root against him by yourself.
And after Joe makes his throaty goodbye to the game, after he nestles into football history as the greatest quarterback who ever lived, it's up to the true fans to pull out the videotape of the embittered anti-Montana malcontents.
Legislators were ranked after the group calculated -- using Congressional Budget Office figures when available, other estimates when not -- what would happen to the budget on balance if every spending increase and decrease each member supported had passed.
In an unusually bitter public attack, made the day after the pope postponed his visit, President Alija Izetbegovic said that the official, Yasushi Akashi, had shown consistent hostility toward the interests of Bosnia and that the Bosnian government would like to see him replaced.
Nevertheless, the dangers of the city have diminished and Izetbegovic insisted that, after strenuous efforts by his government to make the one-day stay safe, ``there were no justifiable reasons for postponing the visit.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
``Then, after all the United Nations force did not do, after all its mistakes, Mr. Akashi said the visit of the pope was too dangerous.'' 
Hilliard, who joined the UH athletic staff shortly after the Weatherspoon-Winburn situation had come to the attention of the university, said she questioned the two players but did not get a sense that there was a larger problem.
But 10 years and some $11 billion later, after multiple congressional reviews and as many redesigns, it remains a dream.
Though he counts himself as representative of the crew, ``habitability'' is third on his list of criteria, after safety and ease of maintenance.
Unlike the space shuttle, the space station will have a refrigerator, which means that astronauts will be able to enjoy fresh vegetables and other perishables, at least for a few days after the arrival of a resupply ship.
Bell said he left UH after last spring because of a conflict with members of the coaching staff.
Evans, who transferred to East Texas State after last season because he was unhappy in a backup role at UH, said he would be surprised if UH coaches and athletic administrators were unaware of Weatherspoon's activities.
Winburn said he and Weatherspoon were asked by the algebra instructor to produce their student identification cards shortly after final exam papers had been handed out.
``We didn't use the name after that -- we became the Montereys and The Bachelors.'' Now at retirement age, these Morrisania singers -- along with a sixth, Sammy Fain -- have reassembled to record a CD and resumed performing.
However, U.S. officials also conceded that ``substantial differences'' remain between the two sides, suggesting that after six days of talks here Alarcon, a former Cuban foreign minister and U.N. representative, feels the need to consult with President Fidel Castro directly.
As usual neither side provided any information about the substance of the discussions, which Wednesday took place in the U.S. mission to the United Nations after two days of meetings in the Cuban mission, and lasted barely 45 minutes.
The chancellor, who has rejected Scharping's challenge to debate him on television, accused Scharping of planning to form a government in Bonn after the election with the support of the Party of Democratic Socialism, the successor to East Germany's Communist Party.
Scharping, 46, responded with surprising vigor, accusing Kohl's party of adding ``fellow travelers'' of the Communists to its ranks by absorbing the eastern German Christian Democratic Union after unity in 1990.
The nationally televised debate was particularly important for Scharping, who trails Kohl by 13 points in the most recent opinion polls after having held a substantial lead as recently as mid-May.
Thirty years after Carson's prophecy, there are only a few clues that environmental estrogens may be causing problems in humans.
Among the anomalies recently reported in scientific literature: Alligators in Florida's Lake Apopka, more than 10 years after being doused with pesticides, including DDT, now have offspring with tiny penises and poor sperm quality.
The Georgia Board of Regents ordered it shut down after GOPAC's involvement was made public in The Atlanta Journal-Constitution.
A third element is the departure of Mike Keenan, who coached the Rangers for one season and then went to the St. Louis Blues as general manager and coach in a bitter exit after a power struggle with Smith.
NEW PRESIDENT 1/3(BU)(BU)IS SNUBBED ,(BU)BY OPPOSITION ,(BU)IN MEXICO MEXICO CITY  (BC-MEXICO-ELECT-450&ADD-NYT) Snubbing an invitation by President-elect Ernesto Zedillo to help plan a new government, the two major opposition parties have shown no sign that they are ready to work with him or even accept his victory two weeks after the election.
Then, after some news organizations interpreted his message as a farewell speech, he changed direction again and opened a nationwide tour to ``call the people to organize themselves in order to stop the imposition of a fraudulent government.'' The PAN candidate, Diego Fernandez de Cevallos, has been more temperate in his criticism, although he said in a recent television interview that ``nobody can speak of a legitimate triumph.'' He and leaders of his party continue to argue that electoral laws unfairly favored the ruling party.
Zedillo first offered the opposition a voice in planning a new government minutes after the polls closed in Mexico City, saying it was ``time to leave behind differences and work together on the principal points of the next government.'' He also has said several times that when he picks his Cabinet he will look at the best Mexicans, regardless of the party to which they belong.
``Does the Vatican rule the world?'' asked Egypt's population minister, Maher Mahran, speaking at a news conference shortly after Wednesday morning's discussion was derailed by new objections from a group of small nations, most of them Latin American.
He clearly had bigger things in mind when he agreed to rejoin Kidder last September, only months after stepping down as a senior managing director and co-head of worldwide investment banking at Lehman Brothers.
For Dougan, a wealthy Catholic entrepreneur who was viewed with deep suspicion by Mackie's work force when he was recruited by the government three years ago to revive the ailing company after the previous U.S. owners filed for bankruptcy, the opportunity to hire more Catholics has been a byproduct of his success in stabilizing and then expanding Mackie International.
Relations on the shop floor have generally been harmonious, workers said, and Mackie, after a brush with failure several years ago, is profitable again.
The principles, which were named after an Irish politician, Sean MacBride, include a call for selling the stock of American companies operating in Northern Ireland that are shown to discriminate against Catholics.
Mackie had been acquired in the mid-1980s by a U.S. company, Lummus Industries of Georgia, but after Lummus went into Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings in 1992, threatening Mackie's already precarious chances of survival, Dougan agreed to buy the company, with the price being the assumption of its $21 million in debt.
And with some help from the gradual worldwide economic recovery, Mackie's sales this year will be about $30 million, up from $9 million in 1991, and the company should record a $3 million profit this year after a long period of losses, Dougan said.
The Clintons, on their first trip to Washington after the election in 1992, rejected an invitation to stay at Blair House, preferring a hotel in an effort to project a populist image.
	``Whatever people say, this is not about cash,'' Anne Drossart said after the ruling.
Southwest is promoting $25 one-way fares for flights that leave after 7 p.m. on Monday nights.
AS CEASE-FIRE CONTINUES, RIGID SECURITY EASES BELFAST, Northern Ireland  (BC-NORTH-IRELAND-445&Add-NYT) Security operations have been scaled down somewhat in Northern Ireland after a week in which the Irish Republican Army has stuck to its unconditional cease-fire, the top British representative in the province confirmed Wednesday.
Thomson will relinquish its exclusivity after 18 months or 1 million sales, whichever comes first.
In case you haven't heard the buzz, be advised: two-channel stereo sound, which came to long-playing records in 1958, just 10 years after the LP itself first appeared, is about to go the way of the dear old vinyl disk.
So much so that after sudden casting reversals in London and Los Angeles and a premature closing in California, the gossip factor (increased by two lawsuits) threatened to upstage the musical.
I told Napier this story when I met him on the ``Sunset Boulevard'' set at the Shubert Theater in Los Angeles earlier this summer, after the show had closed there.
But after watching several young players, particularly Capriati, struggle with the pressures of the pro circuit, the Women's Tennis Association is considering making those rules stricter before next year.
Instead, Clinton plans to spend much of his time this fall taking the ``high road,'' as aides put it, stressing the same ``community and family value-type themes'' he emphasized last year after returning from his first Martha's Vineyard vacation.
CHINA'S DISCUS CHAMP: ALONE, DISABLED AND BARRED HAIKOU, China  (BC-CHINA-DISCUS-ART-2takes-NYT) China's national champion discus thrower among disabled athletes, Fang Zheng, says he was disqualified from representing his country in the Far East and South Pacific Games, now under way in Beijing, after Communist Party officials discovered that his disability arose from the 1989 military assault against the Tiananmen Square uprising.
Fang's legs were crushed and later amputated after a Chinese Army tank ran him down and dragged him for 30 feet as it plunged into a crowd of university students retreating from People's Liberation Army troops west of Tiananmen Square before dawn on June 4, 1989.
But after promoting Fang's participation, the two groups staged a retreat and went along with his expulsion from the national team on July 19, which was carried out by a sports ministry official.
Because his university refused to give him a work assisgnment after the 1989 crackdown, ``I cannot register my household and also cannot legally get married,'' he explained, speaking softly, at times self conscious about the arrangement of his legs, one of which was lost just below the knee and the other at mid-thigh.
Wednesday, the administration released 234 boxes of working papers of Hillary Rodham Clinton's Task Force on National Health Care Reform, after fighting for 18 months to keep the boxes, each containing about 2,500 pages, secret.
All eight are employed by private industries with an interest in health reform and tax policy.'' Just two weeks after Clinton took office, Starr suggested that the president ask Congress for ``standby authority to control health care prices.'' But in a memorandum to Magaziner, Starr wrote, ``It is better for the exact method and span of controls to be left ambiguous, as this allows interest groups to imagine the worst.'' This strategy backfired, White House House officials say.
We eventually find ways to get over our disappointment; in my case, I realize now that it was for the best that I failed as a concert cellist, because I have always had a hard time staying awake after 9 at night.
And how does it affect a performer to wield that kind of power night after night?
This is, after all, a man who makes no secret of his love of comfortable outfits and no-nonsense food; he once confessed, ``If I ever write an autobiography, it will be called `The Sensuous Potato.' '' His unassuming personality, detrimental as it may be to his sense of fashion, is a boon to his musicianship.
I'm not a composer, after all; I'm just the guy that tries to make the composer come to life for people.
But bond traders, far from bidding up dollar-denominated securities, focused on a small rise in commodities prices, after three consecutive days of decline.
Germany, its Interior Minister Manfred Kanther said at the conference the other day, is home to seven million foreigners among its 81 million people -- a population that, U.N. and other demographers say, will begin to shrink after the year 2000.
And we stand ready to do all those things.'' Even if Selig also believes that talks starting after Friday could salvage the season, others are taking a different view.
Liberty originally intended to reveal its plans for a women's network in January, but moved up its announcement to late Tuesday after learning of its rival's plans.
Now 19-year-old Mel is in a wheelchair, paralyzed after taking seven bullets from a 9-millimeter pistol.
She believes life on 129th Street is every bit as horrifying as the movies she watches day after day about murderous ghosts and homicidal teen-agers.
Indeed, the block looks like a city after a war, with its vacant lots, abandoned buildings and four-to-seven-story dowager buildings of ornate ironwork, tiled hallways and marble stairways, long in decline.
But she said her goal of becoming a home care attendant was derailed recently when her 17-year-old daughter had a baby after getting pregnant on a camping trip for inner-city children.
Born in Reading, Pa., to a mother who was a homemaker and a father who eventually left them, Ms. Williams left eighth grade to marry after she became pregnant.
There were rumors that he and his crew had lost their jobs after a shooting near their spot.
On one bad Monday in July, she was close to tears after learning that George had two other pregnant girlfriends.
``Neither the players nor the owners own the game.'' It's owned by people like Wilken Martinez, 16, a rangy center fielder fresh from the Dominican Republic, swinging the bat on Babe Ruth Field, powering one ball after another in graceful arches reaching toward the cool blue sky.
``Neither the players nor the owners own the game.'' It's owned by people like Wilken Martinez, 16, a rangy center fielder fresh from the Dominican Republic, swinging the bat on Babe Ruth Field, powering one ball after another in graceful arches reaching toward the cool blue sky.
U.S. HALTS SHIPMENT OF SOME CANADIAN BLOOD PRODUCTS  (BC-BLOOD-CANADA-430&ADD-NYT) Federal health officials have halted shipments of some blood products from Canada after a Food and Drug Administration inspector found substandard procedures and sloppy record keeping at a Red Cross blood center in Toronto.
One is a process called plasmapheresis, in which the red cells are returned to the body after the plasma has been collected over several hours.
MORE RECORDS FALL, BUT NOT FOR U.S. ROME  (BC-SWIM-CHAMPIONSHIPS-500&ADD-NYT) Outside the Foro Italico, the Tiber river lazily follows its serpentine course, and the steamy city streets are only slowly coming back to life after summer vacation.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) The dismissals created a furor after White House aides acknowledged that they came only after complaints about the operation by Catherine A.
In a torn-up note found after his death, Foster asserted that nobody at the White House had done anything wrong in the travel office dismissals, and accused the FBI of lying in a report on the matter to Attorney General Janet Reno.
SmithKline Beecham's six-month sales of $4.8 billion will be augmented after its $2.93 billion purchase of Kodak's over-the-counter drug unit.
Ronald Haft, a former ally of his father in an earlier battle with other family members, this week exercised an option to buy a large block of Dart stock in an effort to depose his father after accusing him of improperly borrowing $18 million from the company.
The result after nine days: Plant production and chlorophyl -- the essential green pigment that governs plant growth -- both tripled, Coale said.
``Thank you everyone who responded to the posting,'' he or she wrote after making a decision.
KENNEDY SAYS HE FAVORS ALLOWING WOMEN TO BE CATHOLIC PRIESTS WASHINGTON  (BC-KENNEDY-PRIESTS-245&ADD-NYT) Little more than three months after Pope John Paul II declared that Catholics must accept that the priesthood is open only to men, Sen.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) North Korea has repeatedly said it wants to conclude a peace treaty with Washington to replace the armistice that settled in after the Korean War.
Penn State's 1982 champions lost by 21 points at Alabama, but were voted No. 1 after defeating Georgia and Herschel Walker in the Sugar Bowl.
And the 1977 Fighting Irish lost to Mississippi, 20-3, in the second game of their season, fell as far as No. 14 in early October, but won the top ranking after defeating Texas in the Cotton Bowl.
``The day after they leave, the people here know to cut off their rations of food.
``Night after night George held me weeping in his arms while I tried to explain my feelings,' Mrs.
She says the despair vanished after about six months.
Jimmy Dean, the sausage man, came into the river in his boat, `The Big Bad John,' named after his big song hit.'' Arnold and Winnie Palmer dropped by; so did Prime Minister Brian Mulroney of Canada and his wife, Mila; Prime Minister John Major of Britain, his wife, Norma, and their two children; the governors of four states, the Senate majority leader George Mitchell and a virtual army of other companions, relatives and government experts on Russia.
His argument came a day after a leading Republican strategist, William Kristol, himself proposed doing nothing this year.
With the concept of modest legislation this fall under attack from both right and left, Senate aides continued to talk in hopes of finding a route to a bill that would command support after Congress returns from vacation next Monday.
It is precisely to avoid these stark choices -- after 15 months of fruitless negotiations between the Clinton administration and four different Japanese governments -- that the American and Japanese sides have begun what are likely to be a marathon set of talks to try to reach an accord before Sept.
``Half the kids don't care if they live or die,'' Goodlow said Wednesday after he went to view Robert's body, even though he had never met the boy.
On the cover of the program was a faded copy of a police mug shot taken of Robert after one of his arrests -- apparently one of the few photographs of him that exist.
 (BC-FBC-IRISH-MILLER-2TAKES-HNS) It did not escape Michael Miller that after three unforgiving years at this most hallowed of places, he was left out of the 1994 Notre Dame media guide.
If you wear your hair wrong, they'll get after you.
Shortly after playing sparingly in the second game of his first season, Miller walked into Holtz's office and told the coach he was leaving.
They didn't bring it up and they supported my decision, but I could tell they wanted me to come back and finish.'' But even after returning, Miller could not break into the starting lineup.
They were bad headlines, saying Miller and Notre Dame teammate Tracy Graham were being investigated, after a stolen VCR and 27-inch television were found in their apartment.
He won the congressional seat after being nominated by the Democrats to succeed Rep.
He underwent training for desert warfare, but after Japan entered the war he was sent to Singapore.
In his 1986 novel ``Whirlwind,'' Clavell shifted location, turning out a historical novel on Iran in the tumultuous weeks after the fall of the Shah in 1979.
	The dollar gained against the German mark after a Bundesbank official said the central bank had room to cut interest rates.
Steven Laski, who was found Tuesday after he shot himself with a .22-caliber rifle, was one of 11 officers in the 30th Precinct implicated in the corruption case in which another dozen officers in the precinct were arrested on charges of brutality and protection of drug dealers in April.
``I remember from the Knapp Commission years, there was a problem with suicides.'' Laski, 30, was found shortly before 7 a.m. Tuesday by fellow officers after he failed to show up for work in the court division.
His gun had been taken away and he had been assigned to the desk job after he and 10 others were singled out as suspects in the scandal.
Terence Tunnock, the 49-year-old executive officer of the Central Park Precinct, went home ``extremely agitated,'' police said, after working a 4 p.m.-to-midnight tour July 24.
Russo and some of the other fishermen's wives were talking over coffee Tuesday evening as they sat in the basement of St. Ann's Church after a Mass for the crew of the capsized boat, the Italian Gold.
Russo said, ``The men don't know where the bank is.'' Gerri Lovasco's husband, Peter, retired from fishing after 53 years.
COURT VOIDS `BUFFER ZONE' AIMED AT ANTI-ABORTION PROTESTERS NEW YORK  (BC-ABORTION-CLINIC-535&ADD-NYT) A federal appeals court in Manhattan on Wednesday struck down as unconstitutional a court-approved buffer zone to prevent anti-abortion demonstrators from encroaching on an abortion clinic in Buffalo, N.Y. The 2-to-1 ruling by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit comes two months after the U.S. Supreme Court approved a 36-foot sanctuary around a Florida clinic that had been besieged by opponents of abortion.
``The different dimension that Elway brings is his ability to move around after the initial play, get out of the pocket, move and then step toward the entire field,'' said Jets Coach Pete Carroll.
So it's time for other guys to step up and do it for us.'' Carroll is hoping the Jets' home opener, his first game before the fans in Giants Stadium after an encouraging road victory in Buffalo, doesn't turn sour.
Dr. Scambio quit in June after a dispute with Klagholz over the dismissal of two top school district administrators.
But after five years of state control, the district still cannot be certified.
The decision to consolidate came after Raytheon agreed to part from Grey in June.
It is the story of Nicholas, a pathologically narcissistic homosexual, told by his older brother after Nicholas's death.
NEW YORK REPORTS DECLINE IN TRANSIT CRIME NEW YORK  (BC-NY-SUBWAY-CRIME-NYT) Four years after Brian Watkins, a 22-year-old tourist from Utah, was stabbed to death in a mid-Manhattan subway station, the transit police said reports of subway crime in the first six months of 1994 dropped faster than at any time since the start of 1990.
``Perhaps the larger society has changed, and maybe the average person has a more difficult time managing the frustrations that go with dealing with life.'' Sweeney's musings are common in a police department that has been shaken by one crisis after another this year.
And like a wound that refuses to heal, suicides have come one after another throughout the year, reaching 10 with four in recent weeks.
Maloney, a former New Jersey Democratic chairman and one of the people who brought minor-league baseball back to Trenton after 44 years, died on Tuesday at his home in Haddonfield.
Just hours after Maloney's death, the Tigers management announced that it would not renew the agreement with Trenton after reports that the Thunder's management was talking with other major-league clubs about next season.
Florio named Maloney the Democratic Party's state chairman, but in the months after Florio's narrow 1,767-vote loss to Thomas H.
Maloney remained party chairman for four years after Florio's defeat and worked to retire the $450,000 debt left over from the 1981 campaign.
The hearing is necessary because a person charged with committing a federal crime when he was under 18 -- Nelson was 16 when he allegedly violated the civil rights of Rosenbaum by stabbing him -- generally may be prosecuted as an adult only if a judge grants adult status after a hearing.
Now playing for Padua in Italy's first division, he promised to play guitar at Planet Hollywood in London after Wednesday night's game.
Robinson's partner, David Thompson, has said that Robinson crumbled to the ground after the first or second shot, and that Del-Debbio, instants later and with his face ``full of anger,'' continued shooting.
He said he believed Del-Debbio was shot by a uniformed transit officer before he opened fire or sometime after his initial shots at Robinson.
Oh, it's not so much they're excited about a trip to Missouri so soon after a Monday night game.
In fact, Sapolu said that, when he spoke to Montana during the off-season, they never even discussed the fact the two would be opponents, and said he didn't plan to talk to Montana about the game after it's over, either.
If a receiver is open and a tackler is coming at him, I'll put the ball on the outside so he can turn and make yards after the pass, or I'll put it in front of a receiver so he can keep on running.
I had just come from there after an overnight canoe trip that had spectacular scenery, loons so loud at night they held off sleep and few people.
Commission members said Wednesday that it was something of a chicken-and-egg problem, in that the commission probably needs to provide detailed drawings and plans to prove to Davis that the commission intends to follow through on the luxury box plan after a decade of delays and discussions.
``I'd rather talk about a game that I threw four interceptions than talk about getting hurt.'' A week before the injury, Barr had led an improbable Cal victory after being behind 30-0 to Oregon.
New offensive coordinator Denny Schuler allowed Barr to break containment if he chose, and as a more mature junior, Barr began making play after play while on the run after the initial option failed to materialize.
Capriati, as we all know, went from a bubbly, refreshing kid to drug-sodden slacker after four years in professional tennis, the subject of a shockingly revealing police photo in the wake of her celebrated incident in Coral Gables, Fla., this summer.
He and his father, Charles, who works in campus administration at Cal after earning his doctorate from (we regret to report) Stanford, worked out a time management program and Regan has been fine ever since.
The Sharks finally got around to it after Norton, a vocal critic of management tactics, talked with NHL players association president Bob Goodenow and several other player reps from around the league via conference call on Tuesday.
Asked about it after he emerged from a meeting yesterday with coaches to rework the schedule, he said, ``It's a union issue that's between union people.
IRBE SAYS STORIES OF DOG BITE OVERBLOWN  (BC-HKN-SHARKS IRBE  SF CHRON) Irbe's beloved dog, Rambo, had to be destroyed after attacking Irbe late June in Irbe's native Latvia, leaving the goaltender with a broken right finger and nerve damage to his left hand.
And why not enjoy that double scoop of chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream after dinner?
 (BC-FBN-RAIDERS-McCALLUM-LADN) Raiders fullback Napoleon McCallum was in good spirits Wednesday, a day after undergoing surgery to replace a ruptured artery, coach Art Shell said.
Smith was a running back at UCLA before the Raiders moved him to tight end after the 1993 exhibition season.
``Especially after Sunday,'' Carlson said.
The Cowboys have 25 players whose contracts expire after this season, including such prominent players as receivers Alvin Harper and Irvin, offensive linemen Derek Kennard and Mark Stepnoski, defensive linemen Russell Maryland and Tony Tolbert, tight end Jay Novacek, quarterback Rodney Peete, linebacker Darrin Smith and safety James Washington.
Defensive end Tony Tolbert's $50,000 roster bonus is paid in segments: $25,000 after he plays four games, $25,000 after he plays four more.
Backup quarterback Jason Garrett's $15,000 roster bonus is also split: $5,000 after five games, $10,000 after 12.
Safety Darren Woodson gets $10,000 after the third, sixth, ninth and 12th games to total his $40,000 roster bonus.
The Los Angeles Police Department mounted unit was scheduled to patrol between noon and sunset Wednesday and today, with city officials planning to evaluate the impact before deciding whether to continue the patrols after today.
He was an effective fullback noted for his blocking, but the Raiders decided he was too expensive and, according to Smith, attempted to trade him after last season.
His luck staying injury-free briefly deserted him when he went to Seattle, where he pulled a hamstring shortly after training camp opened.
And then, with his mission of reinvention in full swing here at the U.S. Open, he strode briskly into the semifinal round after causing yet another upset.
 (BC-BBO-LABOR-1STLD-WRITETHRU-2NDTAKE-NYT) Even if Selig also believes that talks starting after Friday could salvage the season, others are taking a different view.
The grand jury is investigating Cowlings' role in Simpson's activities after Mrs.
According to transcripts released after the hearing, Czuleger is said to have told Dunton: ``You hold the keys to that jail.'' Dunton reportedly told county prosecutors that he had information about who was outside the condominium of Mrs.
TREE FARMERS FACE ANIMAL CRUELTY CHARGES LOS ANGELES  (BC-REINDEER-CRUELTY-LADN) The operators of a Christmas tree farm in suburban Granada Hills have been charged with cruelty to animals after one reindeer died and the rest of the herd was found without adequate food, water and shelter, officials said.
One of the eight reindeer, which had been used to promote the business, died shortly after officers visited the farm Aug.
This Saturday the team travels to Lehigh to begin play in the Patriot League, where the Rams' record is 2-22 after five seasons.
The first name, pronounced Ha-SOHN, is Arabic for ``King.'' No one could argue the title after his six catches for 188 yards Saturday night.
On Sunday, the day after the game, Goff called Ward a ``situational-type back,'' not exactly what the masses wanted to hear.
Coaches always grade players after watching game films, based on how well they do all the big things and little things.
Also, after fullback Bowie fumbled twice early in the game, Georgia's coaches preferred the predictability of a senior tailback (Davis) rather than a freshman.
``We're working hard to create an atmosphere where, when people get into their cars or onto MARTA after the game, their reaction is, `Boy, that was fun!'' said Jackson.
But you also have a variety of packages for football inventory, and while we'll take a hit, it won't be a big hit.'' However, multiply that hit by the possibility of eight Falcons blackouts and the result becomes a substantial drop in advertising revenue, although WATL stands to lose pro football to WAGA anyway after Nov.
The Vols had Heath Shuler, the Heisman Trophy candidate with another year of eligibility, patient backup Jerry Colquitt, the fifth-year senior still waiting after all these years; Mike Grein, the redshirt freshman who ran the Vol offense during the spring Orange and White game; and baseball-playing Todd Helton, who takes off each spring to sharpen his first baseman skills.
Helton came on slowly against UCLA and after sleep- walking for almost three quarters, led the Vols to 23 fourth-quarter points only to lose, 25-23.
It was a good decision last week to get their feet wet.'' While both Stewart and Manning saw action after Colquitt's injury, neither stayed in for more than one series.
25 holiday, after all, was copied from a pagan Roman festival.
UVALDE -- Citizens of this town remain without water after Texas gubernatorial hopeful George W.
CORPUS CHRISTI -- Sight-seers were evacuated safely from the aircraft carrier U.S.S. Lexington after it was sunk accidentally by Gov.
And not a killdeer was harmed.'' HOUSTON -- Buildings were evacuated in an eight-mile radius here after George W.
Ann Richards apologized to citizens of this city after a campaign stop resulted in the early release of 330 jail inmates.
SAN ANTONIO -- A school was evacuated here after governor candidate George W.
Killin' 'em, that's different.'' 	Authorities know that Elliott, 16, and Gilbert, 22, got together after Gilbert was released from prison on Aug.
Cole said she took Gilbert in because she felt sorry for him after he was kicked out of his apartment for non-payment of rent.
Jones and Gilbert had met in Dayton after Gilbert hitchhiked to Ohio from his native Oklahoma, Salmon said.
	Jones moved in with her parents after being kicked out of the apartment, but ``her parents didn't like him, so that's why he came to live with us,'' Jeremy Cole said.
	They're accused of killing at least three people after stealing their vehicles.
He established the Dallas business shortly after the birth of his daughter, Charlotte, now 8.
--B.S., Fort Worth A: Megan Marshack, the focus of considerable press scrutiny after the death of Vice President Rockefeller, is a news writer and producer at WCBS-TV in New York.
Q: A friend and I disagree -- Did the United States declare war on Germany after the bombing of Pearl Harbor, or did Germany issue the first declaration?
11, 1941, four days after Japan's attack on Pearl Harbor, Germany and Italy declared war on the United States, and on the same day America declared war on them.
One of them is a newlywed husband who dies after eating his wife's home-baked bread because, as the lyric states, ``Doctor said he had to kick,/'cause he couldn't digest a brick.'' Near the end of the 90-minute show, Leonard re-creates one of her parents' routines, shifting back and forth between them as they sing a goofy song about a printer who mistakenly inserts patent-medicine ads into hymn-book lyrics.
It's set in 1680, 42 years before remote Rapa Nui, as its inhabitants call it, was seen by Europeans, and evidently centuries after other Polynesian cultures lost contact with the place.
She also spends several scenes trying to perform an impossible-looking jump from one rock to another, succeeding only after deep introspection, diligent physical conditioning and five ill-concealed edits.
Carlton fell in love, or so he thought, with a somewhat mature woman, but regretted his decision to have sex after learning the woman was married, though separated.
Carlton fell in love, or so he thought, with a somewhat mature woman, but regretted his decision to have sex after learning the woman was married, though separated.
``He's supposed to be the devil,'' Dogg said after rehearsing the number for Thursday's 11th annual MTV Video Music Awards, which can be seen on tape-delay at 8 p.m. in Los Angeles.
Others to perform on the VMA telecast, which has returned to New York after eight years in Los Angeles, include Aerosmith, the Rolling Stones, Bruce Springsteen, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, Green Day, Stone Temple Pilots, Boyz II Men, the Beastie Boys and Salt-N-Pepa.
25, 1993, after an incident at the apartment complex where Broadus and his bodyguard lived.
Broadus' lawyer has said the shooting was in self-defense after Waldemariam reached for a gun.
4 stars -- The material: In a techno-Tokyo of the near future, an electronic guerrilla has become part of the bottom-feeder subculture after he double-crossed his employers, and they responded by frying his neural network so he can't work.
Specifically, she's newcomer Hilary Swank, who after various television roles made her film debut in 1992 as ``Buffy the Vampire Slayer's'' best friend-turned-nemesis, Kimberly.
This time he's after a criminal who also heads the security force for a Southern California theme park.
With a salad dressed in B.K.'s new house dressing ($3.90 a half-pint) and French bread, the portion was plenty for two adults after a long day at work.
Sharpton lost credibility after riveting the national spotlight on Twana Brawley, the black Dutchess County teen-ager who claimed to have been raped by white men.
Efforts to resuscitate her were unsuccessful, and she died shortly after arrival at Doctor's Hospital.
She was unable to get up after she fell, and her elderly daughter, who was asleep, did not immediately hear her splashing around and calling for help.
But even after the daughter pulled her out of the tub a minute or so later, the daughter did not call for emergency medical help -- because some members of the family are illegal immigrants and were terrified of being turned in, police said.
Many of the yards the Colts had on the ground Sunday came while they were trying to run time off the clock in the second half after the outcome had been decided.
It often moves with such grace and brilliance that it must be counted as another major success for Burns, coming four years after his landmark triumph with ``The Civil War'' broadcasts.
It will seduce -- with the unwavering, hypnotic charm of a preying snake -- nonfans as well, though many will soon become bored and abandon the effort after a night or two.
Dodger official Al Campanis proves, on national TV in 1987, that racism isn't dead in baseball 40 years after Jackie Robinson's arrival.
THE CONTRASTING STYLES OF BIG TEN AND PAC-10 SEATTLE  (BC-FBC-MIDWEST-WEST-SPI) Back before he assaulted a photographer, slugged an opposing linebacker and had a street on campus named after him, Woody Hayes, the legendary Ohio State football coach, set down a guideline that would rule Midwest football for decades: When you throw the ball, three things can happen, and two are bad.
``There's a reversal of the Mike White trend.'' Eric Bjornson, the Washington wide receiver, recalls a scene in the movie ``Hoosiers,'' where Gene Hackman is in the barber shop after taking the basketball coaching job at Hickory High.
THE CONTRASTING STYLES OF BIG TEN AND PAC-10 SEATTLE  (BC-FBC-MIDWEST-WEST-SPI) Back before he assaulted a photographer, slugged an opposing linebacker and had a street on campus named after him, Woody Hayes, the legendary Ohio State football coach, set down a guideline that would rule Midwest football for decades: When you throw the ball, three things can happen, and two are bad.
``There's a reversal of the Mike White trend.'' Eric Bjornson, the Washington wide receiver, recalls a scene in the movie ``Hoosiers,'' where Gene Hackman is in the barber shop after taking the basketball coaching job at Hickory High.
The movie is essentially a culture-clash comedy that loses its subtlety as it goes along, and its hero is a buffoon named Morgan Leafy (Colin Friels): an alcoholic, womanizing, endlessly opportunistic mid-level British diplomat in the fictitious West African country of Kinjanja shortly after its independence.
She was a liberal reformer until the French Revolution in 1789 gave her second thoughts; she died in 1796, not long after concluding that ``equality is a monster.'' Catherine was a passionate collector, often infuriating Europeans with her aggressive acquisitions of private collections.
The Hermitage's collecting continued after the Russian Revolution, when Lenin took artworks from the private mansions of the rich to share with the masses.
In his essay on Fromentin he points out how rarely critics recognize the great artists of their own generation: ``Baudelaire is the outstanding example of a critic inspired by a passionate admiration for living artists; but his chief love, Delacroix, was 22 years older than himself (like Picasso for a writer born after 1900), and his longest critical study is of Guys, his senior by 16 years.
It is hard to view someone as part of an incomprehensible statistic after you've seen their shoes.
One, a pair he wore during his part-time job at Wendy's after school.
Alex Proyas's film earned most of its notoriety after an accident with a prop gun killed its star, Brandon Lee, but that's not the story in its entirety.
Instead, your phone messages automatically pop up on a computer screens after you enter a pass-code.
But isn't Missouri, after all, the ``Show Me'' state?
``I think for a Joe, who was there 14 years, it has to be very special.'' The Chiefs came back to their well-appointed locker room at Arrowhead after a long practice Wednesday afternoon to an abundance of media, half from California.
Hard though she seems on the surface, Sarah's heart turns out to be soft after all.
You start burning fat seriously after 30 minutes of sustained exercise.
Kay Bailey Hutchison in Texas after Lloyd Bentsen became Treasury secretary in 1993.
Rather than look for a support group that deals with guilty pleasure sufferers, I've realized after talking with M.
	CUBA-U.S. (Havana) -- Days after the Cuban government had described its talks with the United States over immgration issues as being at an impasse, Cuban officials now say they are confident that a deal can be struck.
	HAVANA (NYT) -- Days after the Cuban government had described its talks with the United States over immgration issues as being at an impasse, Cuban officials now say they are confident that a deal can be struck.
Clinton and advisers held a lengthy strategy session on Haiti soon after the president returned from vacation on Wednesday.
Quayle and Barbour joined other senior Republicans who have questioned the wisdom or necessity of an invasion to restore Aristide, who was deposed and exiled nine months after being elected in the first democratic election in Haiti's history.
During his campaign for president in 1992, Clinton proposed a national service program modeled after the GI Bill, helping anyone go to college or get other job training in exchange for two years of service to the country.
Somewhere around a third of the audience now is black; the percentage was negligible before.'' 	Ms. Williams, who is to perform in the role until the end of January, was offered the part after she auditioned last winter for Drabinsky's other musical, ``Show Boat.'' Initially, he wanted her to replace Lonette McKee as Julie in the Toronto production of the show when Ms. McKee moved to Broadway.
And callers must know to enter the pound sign both before and after punching in the number they want you to call.
That's a non-standard procedure; most digital pagers only require the pound sign after the phone number.
	The shooting comes just a day after Transit Authority officials announced a striking decrease in underground crime.
The indictments came after a series of raids that began Tuesday night, resulting in the arrests of 42 of those indicted.
We go to the batting cages together -- trips that have become more frequent, lately, since the baseball strike started -- and she'll keep pumping coins into the machine long after I've run out of patience or my hands are blistered.
And it was there that after watching two other guys -- one a burly, Yogi Berra-shaped guy, the other a snakier, Roberto Clemente type -- lash away at pitch after pitch in the high-speed cage that I summoned the temerity to get in there myself.
However, the secret U.S. talks with Cuban emissaries collapsed in December 1975 after Cuban President Fidel Castro sent 36,000 Cuban troops to Angola to help the pro-Communist government stay in power.
``We started out of the chute higher and traded higher all day.'' Paulsen said the market turned higher Thursday after Wednesday's consolidation.
The Raiders will have to regroup quickly after the 49ers completely dismantled them on Monday night.
It has a fairly complicated plot and some amusing comic moments, but it never delves deeply into its characters -- not even Leaf, who after all is a profoundly shallow fellow.
However, the secret U.S. talks with Cuban emissaries collapsed in December 1975 after Cuban President Fidel Castro sent 36,000 Cuban troops to Angola to help the pro-Communist government stay in power.
And after I get through telling myself, I sell it to a publisher.'' The hardest part about writing a novel, Westlake said, is getting started.
With `Casablanca' they found the right ending only after four or five tries.
Hollywood paid lots of attention to that message, especially after ``Fatal Attraction'' went on to become one of the year's biggest moneymakers.
The car was pretty -- and my son dubbed it the Plum-Colored Tangerine-Flake Streamlined Baby after we spent a week at the wheel, turning heads and eliciting approving comment.
CLEANER STARTS FOR NEXT CATALYTIC CONVERTERS  (BC-CAR-SMART-CONVERTERS-$ADV11-NYT) Automotive engineers have long known that cars do their most serious polluting right after they are started, before their catalytic converters warm up.
The commander of one Apache helicopter battalion was cashiered after mistaking an Army armored vehicle for an Iraqi tank and destroying it.
``I've got a newfound desire, motivation I never had.'' For his part, Chavez wants to reaffirm his cultural icon status in his native Mexico after losing once, drawing once and getting hit in the face often in his last five fights.
Referee Richard Steele counted to six, asking Taylor twice if he was all right after he rose from the knockdown in his own corner.
He won back the title May 7 after the rematch was stopped because of an accidental butt in the eighth round.
He is not Rodney Hampton after all.
5 after all four of his kickoffs were touchbacks.
But after Daluiso's travails in the preseason, Coach Dan Reeves decided that the team could spare $100,000 or so and brought Treadwell back as insurance.
	In an attempt to raise the most money for the financially troubled institution while giving other New York state institutions a break, Sotheby's, the attorney general and the society have come up with what they are calling a ``pre-emption plan,'' whereby New York state museums, libraries and archives will have a right of first refusal to buy items at a discount, but only after the auction.
``We realize people have an emotional response to deaccessioning, but we think we have safeguarded the public's interests as well as the interests in the city and the state who have a financial investment in this institution.'' 	New York institutions will be able to buy items after the sale at a graduated discount: 10 percent of the bid price for works costing $25,000 or less, 5 percent for items selling for $25,000 to $100,000, and 3 percent for items selling for more than $100,000, providing that the item sells for more than its high estimate.
Other Israeli officials say Arafat really is running into fierce opposition from PLO and Fatah officials, who are now saying publicly that the covenant will not be revised until after Israeli troops are withdrawn from the West Bank, Palestinian elections are held and the Israeli government recognizes an independent state with Jerusalem as its capital.
They swim in and out like nothing is there.'' Jones and Brundage received a patent for their clear net concept last month, 60 days after they were laid off by Lockheed.
Last September Lainie Kazan was inadvertently locked in the 67-story GE Building after a show, and on Wednesday, a door slammed shut again, this time before Ann Hampton Callaway's first show of the evening.
``I sang, `It seems we stood and talked like this before,' and broke down laughing.'' 	NEW YORK -- John Mellencamp canceled the remainder of a national tour Thursday after doctors found a clogged artery in his heart.
	``The prognosis is extremely good for a full recovery.'' 	Mellencamp, 42, the rock singer and composer, had a checkup in his hometown of Bloomington, Ind., on Wednesday after suffering unusual fatigue, and it was then that the condition was detected.
Coming just days after Mitterrand presided over commemorations of the 50th anniversary of the liberation of Paris from Nazi occupation, publication of the book has caused surprise and even shock, with sectors of the president's Socialist Party clearly disturbed by what they have learned.
Pean said that, after extensive research and seven interviews with the president, he also became convinced that Mitterrand was never an anti-Semite even though he was working in 1942 for a pro-Nazi government that had already begun deporting Jews from France to German concentration camps.
But there was never a shadow of anti-Semitism in my family.'' When France declared war on Germany in September 1939 after Hitler's invasion of Poland, he joined the army as a sergeant.
What has most upset some Socialists, however, is the discovery that, even after he turned to the left, Mitterrand kept in touch with former Vichy friends.
Takeover fever swept the drug industry last month after the hostile $8.5 billion opening bid for American Cyanamid Co. by American Home Products Corp.
Larry Feinberg, a partner at Oracle Health Investors, a securities management fund, said he ``backed the truck up to load drug stocks'' after the American Cyanamid deal.
All three had problems after patent expirations and price-slashing competition for major products: Upjohn's Xanax anti-anxiety drug and Halcion for insomnia; Marion Merrell Dow's Cardizem heart drug, and Warner-Lambert's Lopid to lower cholesterol levels.
The prospect of continued violence by Protestant militants has been a major worry for those hoping that the declaration will open a way to talks after 25 years of sectarian conflict.
After Fang had qualified for the national team and received an official sendoff from his own province, national authorities suddenly panicked over the origin of his disability -- he had lost both legs after being run over by a tank in the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre.
In another move to change class distinctions, several airlines like KLM Royal Dutch Airlines have replaced first class with a business class with fewer amenities, after finding that many travelers were no longer willing to pay the high premium for first-class seating.
Bar codes became more popular in 1974 after an Ohio supermarket installed the first scanner to read Universal Product Codes on packages.
Coming to the United States after the Holocaust, they believed that New York City, where other Hasidim were settling, was too wanton for religious life.
He rejoined the Army and after a short tour with the Army General Counsel's office in Washington, O'Neill resigned his commission in 1977 and joined Faegre & Benson, Minneapolis' second oldest and second largest corporate law firm.
Immediately after the Glacier Bay trial, O'Neill began attending the regular meetings in Seattle of plaintiffs' lawyers in the Exxon case.
He played only one series after intermission.
This was despite the fact that he had played in only five games as a high school senior after suffering a knee injury that required surgery in December of that year.
One morning 12 years ago, after a night of fighting, her stepfather flung acid on the two girls.
Ziff Jr. surprised the computer publishing industry by announcing that he wanted to sell the family-owned Ziff Communications empire, he insisted that his decision was reached only months before the announcement, after his three adult sons had indicated that they had no interest in running the business.
Even so, when the conference ends next Tuesday, the Vatican is not expected to endorse the final document, but to register its reservations after forcing maximum concessions on wording.
And, like most national politicians with national ambition, Quayle has written the obligatory memoir, ``Standing Firm,'' which is always on sale after each speech, with no extra charge for the autograph.
Blinder said Thursday that he had originally intended to give another speech to the mortgage bankers but changed his plans after the stir over his Wyoming speech.
Indeed, a shift of tone was noted on Thursday by Israeli newspapers, which quoted the Syrian foreign minister as having said at a news conference in London that his country wanted a ``warm peace,'' including full diplomatic relations, but only after the Israelis leave the Golan entirely.
At night, after eating and getting medicine and sometimes hearing Delano read them a story, they drift out into the dark.
Even the youngest children are afraid of the thugs, whom they call Macoutes after the Tonton Macoutes, the secret police who terrorized the people under the Duvalier regimes from 1957 to 1986.
But after losing in the French Open semifinals to Mary Pierce and in the first round of Wimbledon to Lori McNeil, Graf hopes to end the year by defending her U.S. Open title.
That's because next year's attendance was reserved in 1992 to 1993 -- when the image of Los Angeles was tarnished after the riots.
But after 1995, business is expected to resume its healthy rise as memories of civil disturbance and other calamities fade.
For example, right after the Jan.
Having failed to identify the helicopters as friendly, the lead F-15 pilot flew within 1,000 feet of the aircraft and misidentified them as Soviet-made Hind helicopters used by the Iraqis, even though no Iraqi helicopters had flown through the area after the war and American helicopters did come into it.
James Andrus said in July after leading the Air Force investigation of the incident.
While the company is still hedging its bets, waiting to see the response from consumers, Babbio and others say they will wire up 100,000 homes a month if it appears that they will be able to capture 30 percent of today's cable television subscribers after three or four years.
The arrests, the culmination of a 16-month undercover operation, made this the second largest drug case ever brought by the Manhattan district attorney's office, after the so-called French Connection 2 case last year, when 66 were charged.
Diaz was held without bail after his arrest, but it took prosecutors three more months to complete the investigation needed to prepare indictments for all 64 suspects.
Milosevic imposed the trade embargo on his former proteges in Bosnia last month, after the Bosnian Serbs rejected the contact group's peace plan.
But to keep up the pressure on Belgrade to cooperate, this relaxation will lapse after a month or so unless the council adopts a further resolution extending it.
Jim Bothwell, the director of Stat-Medivac, an emergency helicopter service, told the network that he flew over the site minutes after the crash, and it appeared there were no survivors.
Witnesses at the scene of Thursday's crash said the jet appeared to lose power and nosedived into the ground a few minutes after 7 p.m., leaving a war zone of flames, twisted metal and bodies and luggage jettisoned in all directions.
CUBA, IN SHIFT, SAYS DEAL CAN BE REACHED WITH THE U.S. HAVANA, Cuba  (BC-CUBA-U.S.-ART-660(2TAKES)-NYT) Just days after the government described its talks with the United States over immigration issues as being stalled, Cuban officials now say they believe a deal can be struck.
``What this shows above all is our willingness to talk with all sorts of people who have a respectful position and are not hostile toward our country.'' Despite founding the paramilitary group Alpha 66 and spending 22 years in Castro's jails after being captured in 1964, Gutierrez Menoyo, 59, has supported discussions with the government in order to bring about democracy.
 (BC-SWIM-CHAMPIONSHIPS-2NDTAKE-NYT) Several coaches have discussed formally petitioning FINA after the championships for more frequent testing.
She was the director of Jewish Museum from 1972 to 1980, after being a curator there from 1967 to 1969.
A day after President Clinton's senior foreign policy advisers reviewed war-planning options, administration officials made plans to begin a series of briefings for key lawmakers next week on American objectives in Haiti and details of an invasion.
Perry on Tuesday that any invasion be delayed until after the November elections to avoid accusations that the timing of any military action is politically motivated.
State Department officials are scrambling to recruit police and police monitors from other countries who would work with or supervise Haitian police immediately after an invasion to maintain order.
	Prices for lumber fell sharply after fears of a strike of wood workers in British Columbia faded.
	The dollar strengthened against the mark after German and American officials said the dollar was undervalued.
Fifteen other suspects were being sought late Thursday after the U.S. attorney in New Jersey, Faith Shapiro Hochberg, disclosed the sting and announced the indictments of all 45 men, who had been snared in its no-questions-asked, cash-for-cars dealings.
While many stolen cars are broken up for parts or shipped abroad for sale, those bought in Operation Road Spill were not returned to their owners, in part so that thieves who operate on the same streets night after night would not see them and begin to suspect a ruse.
the meaning of the icon will change.'' Even after Windows 95 finally gets to market, there may be delays in how fast the software is widely accepted.
``And after 11 regimes, would you believe my salary is still the same?'' To get the photos please write or fax (no telephone calls please, to Gladys Pera, New York Times Syndicate, 122 E.
``And after 11 regimes, would you believe my salary is still the same?'' To get the photos please write or fax (no telephone calls please, to Gladys Pera, New York Times Syndicate, 122 E.
``Part of the tendon needed 70 percent of repair; 70 percent of it was damaged is the way it was explained to me,'' coach George Seifert said after yesterday's afternoon practice.
Deese and Boatswain played well for most of the Monday night game against the Raiders after Barton and Tamm went down early.
But Thursday during the hourlong speech, Quayle appeared relaxed, confident and poised to enter the presidential contest after his self-prescribed waiting period ends with the November 8 elections.
``I can be more effective inside the Democratic Party by moving them to the right.'' (Charlie Lester/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT15) COJIMAR, Cuba -- September 8, 1994 -- CUBA-U.S., 9-8 -- A raft with a ``for sale'' sign on the beach in Cojimar, Cuba, after its builder decided not to use it.
Barry, whose third term was cut short when he was convicted in 1990 on a misdemeanor charge of drug possession, was re-elected to the City Council as representative of one of the city's poorest wards not long after having served six months in prison.
He first gained visibility by being appointed to Barry's council seat after Barry was elected mayor.
He said that when he joined the Air Force right after high school, it was ``like a vacation'' compared with the hardscrabble farm life.
They gave me instructions on how to survive.'' On his return to the United States after serving a stint in England, Ray earned an undergraduate degree in political science in 1971 at George Washington University.
``I can be more effective inside the Democratic Party by moving them to the right.'' (Charlie Lester/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT15) COJIMAR, Cuba -- September 8, 1994 -- CUBA-U.S., 9-8 -- A raft with a ``for sale'' sign on the beach in Cojimar, Cuba, after its builder decided not to use it.
MAN IS SHOT ON CROWDED SUBWAY TRAIN IN MORNING RUSH HOUR NEW YORK  (BC-NY-GRANDCENTRAL-SHOOTING-350&ADDS-NYT) A man in a business suit shot and wounded another man on Thursday morning after a dispute aboard a packed, rush-hour subway train as it pulled into Grand Central station, the police said.
``We just heard two shots and then three more shots fired after that.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) The shooting came just a day after transit authority officials announced a striking decrease in reports of subway crime.
``I can be more effective inside the Democratic Party by moving them to the right.'' (Charlie Lester/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT15) COJIMAR, Cuba -- September 8, 1994 -- CUBA-U.S., 9-8 -- A raft with a ``for sale'' sign on the beach in Cojimar, Cuba, after its builder decided not to use it.
The asbestos claimants went after the parent company and lenders refused to keep financing the company, forcing it into bankruptcy-law protection in 1989.
A Stanford team coached by anyone other than Mr. Walsh would not get this kind of preseason recognition -- not after finished tied for last in the Pac-10, not after ranking 102nd among 106 Division I-A schools in total defense and 101st in scoring defense.
Sure, he throws fine, reads defenses well and runs the complicated Walsh system flawlessly, but the way he gets up following hit after hit, standing strong in the pocket next time around, is the impressive thing.
Walsh is thoroughly convinced that senior starter Ethan Allen and sophomore Mike Mitchell, who rushed for just 124 yards and a 2.6 per-carry average after being hailed as the next Bo Jackson, will improve a running game that finished more than 250 rushing yards behind every other Pac-10 team.
Keith Gilbertson, after being under heat in 1992 and during the '93 slump, has won over most of the Berkeley skeptics and earned a two-year contract extension last winter.
MURDER SUSPECT SURRENDERS IN S.F. AFTER BIG MANHUNT  (BC-MANHUNT-ARREST-275&ADD-SFCHRON) Ronald Roy Santos, 38, of rural Cromberg, Calif., was spotted by officer Steve Gough shortly after 8 a.m., as Santos, tired and disoriented, wandered by the park's windmill near the ocean.
The next morning -- mindful of the Polly Klaas tragedy and how long it took to find the girl after she was kidnapped -- they got out a poster, trying to quickly publicize Chappelle's disappearance.
At 3 a.m. Saturday, less than 24 hours after the grisly find, county sheriff's deputies showed up, guns drawn, red lights blazing, at Santos' $425-a-month Cromberg trailer.
And, because Young figures to keep playing for several more seasons after Montana retires, whenever that happens, the 49ers have more time to prepare for the next transition and to groom a successor.
The commander of one Apache helicopter battalion was cashiered after mistaking an Army armored vehicle for an Iraqi tank and destroying it.
Pete deserves as much credit as there could be for formulating the thinking of this team.'' Carroll kept up the same atmosphere after the Jets' surprising victory over the Bills.
``And, after Pete showed the play, Ronnie was cheated out of an interception, they spliced to that movie again, with Ronnie on the motorcycle giving the guy a dirty look,'' Esiason said.
Even after the Redskins were beaten, 28-7, by Seattle last week -- at Washington -- owner Jack Kent Cooke insisted Washington had a good team.
On the tennis court, their differences broke down to what Agassi said after outlasting Michael Chang in a five-set match on Labor Day and what Gilbert recycled Thursday afternoon.
Agassi, his ranking having bottomed out after a year of injury and indifference, made the Lipton final.
But the other night, when the USA Network had time to kill after Agassi wiped out Muster, instead of showing highlights of Martin's afternoon quarterfinal, it went into the can for Jimmy Connors versus Paul Haarhuis, 1991.
``Here, you drive around with the top down.'' Tocchet sheepishly admitted to spending too much time in the sun shortly after he reported to camp.
Labriola, a former state senator and candidate for governor and lieutenant governor, notes that Lieberman established a re-election fund a month after taking office in 1989.
said Thursday that it had shifted its account to GSD&M Advertising in Austin, Texas, after seven years at FKQ Advertising Inc.
	Fred Fleischner, vice president for marketing at Dollar in Tulsa, Okla., said there was no formal review for the account, adding that GSD&M was selected after a month of discussions with that agency and the Richards Group in Dallas.
Tom Monahan, 44, who had acted as creative director after Lubars's departure, will continue as executive creative director, turning over day-to-day duties of running the creative department to Baldwin.
Nelson went there after being acquitted of New York state murder charges in the Crown Heights case in 1992.
The outbreak erupted after a car driven by a Hasidic man struck and killed a black child.
A person charged with committing a federal crime when he was under 18 generally may be prosecuted as an adult only if a judge grants adult status after a hearing.
And it was a session at which Trager rejected a joint argument by the defense and prosecution that all proceedings in the case should be closed to the public and press because Nelson retained juvenile status until the judge ruled otherwise after the hearing.
He has said he did not understand why he was being prosecuted again, after having been acquitted in one trial in the case.
The Justice Department undertook the current civil rights prosecution after intense pressure by the Hasidic community in Crown Heights and its supporters after Nelson's 1992 acquittal.
The theft came four days after the New York Shakespeare Festival closed ``The Two Gentlemen of Verona'' to end its summer season, and hours before the equipment was to be moved.
``They went for the expensive stuff.'' Police said the robbery at the Delacorte, at West 81st Street and West Drive, took place around 3:50 a.m., after the lone security guard on duty left his station, a production booth in the amphitheater, to use a street-level bathroom.
But the plutonium must still be separated after it is produced, before it can be reused in another reactor.
Jim Bothwell, the director of Stat-Medivac, an emergency helicopter service, told CNN that he had flown over the site minutes after the crash, and that it appeared there were no survivors.
``Everything we have would indicate that the flight was proceeding normally.'' Witnesses at the scene said the jet appeared to lose power and nosedived silently into the ground a few minutes after 7 p.m., then exploded, leaving a war zone of flames, twisted metal and bodies, and luggage thrown in all directions.
The asbestos claimants went after the parent company and lenders refused to keep financing the company, forcing it into bankruptcy-law protection in 1989.
The plane had been scheduled to go on to West Palm Beach, Fla., after landing at Pittsburgh, which is a USAir hub, The accident was the fifth fatal USAir crash in the last five years.
``It's just devastating when you know that many people were killed.'' Trenary, who sounded tired and bewildered when interviewed a couple hours after the crash, said he had lived in the area all his life.
Davis was originally supposed to return after one day, now Shell isn't sure when he will be back.
McCallum had an artery in his knee replaced after his leg twisted severely while he was tackled against the 49ers.
``The pressure was unbelievable there,'' said Toledo, one of seven assistant coaches who departed Texas A&M after last season.
He said he recommended Toledo to his potential employers and made a change because after five years he just wanted new leadership, change for the sake of change.
The Bruins certainly haven't junked their standard two-back set, but four receivers will be around for a while after its big debut against the Volunteers.
``(Donahue) kind of laughed after the game: `God, we threw 38 passes,' '' Toledo recalled.
And it will be hard to keep the ball out of Washington's hands after averaging nearly 11 yards per rush in his first college game.
``It's like we're handcuffed with no contact after five yards.
Rockwell officials said the move came after a company study on how to streamline its space shuttle operations.
I don't believe he wants to give in on any of that.'' Even more important to Gretzky is what a strike would do to hockey's growing momentum as a spectator sport, particularly after the hearty reception given to new franchises in Anaheim, San Jose and Tampa.
His claws click against the tiled kitchen floor as he chases after a favorite toy, a dirty green tennis ball.
His claws click against the tiled kitchen floor as he chases after a favorite toy, a dirty green tennis ball.
Moralistic questions might be out of place in a labor battle, but don't you wonder if, after the cavalier way each side has approached this dispute, they deserve the monetary, as well as the historic, rewards of the postseason?
Armstrong, after three years of observation, considers him much more than that.
Darden directed a 48-yard drive to a second-quarter field goal and a 26-yard touchdown march after a Bart Thomas interception.
Of the Cornhuskers' 524 rushing yards, 335 came after intermission.
We want to maintain the TRO.'' Hours after the new fares went into effect on Sept.
SUPERINTENDENT SEEKS TO EASE FEARS OF PARENTS AFTER BOY'S DEATH LOS ANGELES  (BC-SAFETY-LASCHOOLS-LADN) One day after a 16-year-old boy was killed outside Hollywood High School, city schools Superintendent Sid Thompson sought to assure parents that school campuses remain a safe haven for their children.
Detectives had also received calls from several people who claimed to have seen the shooting, which took place outside school grounds after classes ended for the day, DePasquale said.
He said 40 had tickets to continue to West Palm Beach, Fla., where the plane was scheduled to fly after landing at Pittsburgh, which is a USAir hub.
But even after 50 years, it's still the same old story: a boy and his wonder-dog.
The movie initially centers on Mousie (Seidy Lopez) and Sad Girl (Angel Aviles), childhood pals who become bitter enemies after being impregnated by the same guy.
For several weeks after he came to work a month ago, Baker was the state jail system's only employee.
It is something he had planned to do after he retired from the Air Force.
However, after Ted Williams beat out Mantle for the 1957 batting title, Yankees management offered him a $10,000 pay cut in 1958.
However, after a point, it's not much fun to follow either.
``I didn't have a manuscript, but I wrote the first three chapters and the synopsis of `Bands of Gold' between then and the June deadline.'' Ten months after completing the novel, she signed a two-book contract with Pinnacle Books for its multicultural series.
``You know him, he's not the kind to call,'' Irvan said of Earnhardt, who flew to Michigan for a visit the week after the injury.
Matt Williams wasn't on the cover after hitting his 53rd home run.
Michael Jordan wasn't on it after being called up for the Chicago White Sox's stretch run.
I'm into people chasing Roger Maris' record and Chuck Knoblauch going after the doubles record, but they've destroyed all that now,'' said Jim Callis, managing editor of Baseball America.
``And after 11 regimes, would you believe my salary is still the same?'' To get the photos please write or fax (no telephone calls please, to Gladys Pera, New York Times Syndicate, 122 E.
``And after 11 regimes, would you believe my salary is still the same?'' To get the photos please write or fax (no telephone calls please, to Gladys Pera, New York Times Syndicate, 122 E.
But the mere fact that he kept more than a dozen of Armand's letters even after he came to power strongly suggests the enduring nature of his passion.
And callers must know to enter the pound sign both before and after punching in the number they want you to call.
That's a non-standard procedure; most digital pagers only require the pound sign after the phone number.
One senior staffer canceled hand surgery after receiving the treatment, he said.
Some weeks after hand operations, a number of employees report that the pain and numbness return, he said.
Foreign sales efforts ``were being kept on the back burner until after the presentation with GM.'' Barbour expects that foreign sales will be enough to make the company operationally profitable by mid-1995.
Levine said it is the first lottery dispute he has heard of that has resulted in a lawsuit after the proceeds had been paid.
Somehow many of these people manage to get their children into college, buy a house and even have a little to retire on after working 30 or 40 years.
CRIME BILL ISN'T PERFECT, BUT AT LEAST IT'S A START  (BC-HOOD-COL-CRIME-KAN) Poll after poll, survey after survey, Americans are telling politicians and each other that crime is the No. 1 issue on their minds.
- Congress, after many travails and false starts, passes the president's $30 billion crime bill.
In more than 20 years of using CB radios on trips, I've avoided traffic jams, wrecks, bad weather and flooded roads, called for help after witnessing a fatal head-on collision, asked for directions, found good restaurants and had some pretty interesting long-distance conversations with truckers.
As they dissect the administration's plan and the others that have come and gone from the table, as well as those still on it, Americans see how various components will affect them -- what they'll get and give up, what they'll pay and generally, how their lives will be different after reform.
That leaves about 14 million Americans in the same situation after reform as the uncovered are today.
On other unfinished items: -- Lobbying reforms are expected to pass after a compromise is reached on whether to ban or merely to limit free meals, trips and other gifts to members of Congress and their senior aides.
Geils Band house party, which pretty much ended when Peter Wolf left after the success of ``Freeze-Frame'' in 1981.
The Minneapolis trio's original bassist, Kristin Pfaff, joined Courtney Love's band Hole, then died of a drug overdose after she rejoined Janitor Joe for a short European tour.
Sprint confirmed that it fired a vice president, whom it wouldn't identify, after discovering the executive had falsified a letter that may have helped bolster the company's position.
Sprint confirmed that it fired a vice president, whom it wouldn't identify, after discovering the executive had falsified a letter that may have helped bolster the company's position.
All the talk shows -- Dave, Jay, everyone -- came calling after the Super Bowl.
Even after the Super Bowl drumbeat began to fade, Aikman found himself a man in demand.
Before practice, a security man would distribute 100 numbered cards to fans wanting the quarterback's signature; after the workout, Aikman would sit in a golf cart inside the chain-link fence surrounding the practice field, where those holding the cards would be brought to meet him.
This, after all, is a town where more than 500 residents race in a highly competitive weekly mountain-bike series and dozens of superfit men and women juggle professional bike-racing careers in the summer and professional mogul skiing in winter.
``It's like boot camp here,'' said Annegret Howe, a nutritionist at the Vail Valley Medical Center who quit the ski classes after a few weeks.
The last reported problem with 513AU occurred March 24, when the crew was unable to pressurize the aircraft after taking off from Philadelphia.
Plans for the transition began after the base was slated to be closed in 1989.
Things won't change drastically after Oct.
For instance, the controversy surrounding Vanessa Williams' ouster during her Miss America term after nude pictures of her turned up in Penthouse is ignored.
	TRADE (Washington) -- In a victory for labor and other interests, administration decides to chuck fast-track negotiating authority for future trade agreements after being persuaded by Sen.
Virtually everything in here about the Progress and Freedom Foundation is incorrect.'' Eisenach acknowledged that after he created the foundation in April 1993, he continued to work out of GOPAC's headquarters for the next five months.
	Israeli officials argued that allowing the PLO to fund any Palestinian facilities in East Jerusalem would circumvent a PLO-Israeli accord to negotiate the final status of the city only after the self-rule phase has been implemented over a three-year period.
Picking up where MKI left off, the game's story revolves around the immortal fighter Shang Tsung, who is trying to redeem himself after adversary Liu Kang shut him down in the original game.
Not long after her visit, the monks take a break from the monastic life and go to a bowling alley where they wow a bunch of Boston suburbanites by knocking down pins with their eyes closed.
I wondered why there was only one spark, and then suddenly after a couple of minutes came a horrible, powerful shock.'' Dvornyov is one of the luckiest of the more than 50,000 Russian human guinea pigs who took part in history's most horrifyingly realistic atomic experiment.
About 40 minutes after detonation, the soldiers were ordered to jump up from their trenches and advance toward the epicenter, Vasiakin said.
Villager Lyubov Ivanova, 70, who had been evacuated a month before, recalled, ``Like idiots, two days after the explosion we went back to see what happened to our houses, and to see what happened to the harvest.
And after all, we have to live.'' In another village, the tomatoes turned from green to red overnight, recalled retired driver Nikolai Levonov, 69.
Nikolai Kurapkov, 69, a retired history teacher from Totsk who visited the epicenter two weeks after the blast, can count at least six friends and relatives who have died prematurely.
	``We consider them to be safe,'' Hinson said bluntly, adding that he planned to use the airline Friday after inspecting the scene of the accident on Thursday near Pittsburgh, which killed all on board a USAir 737.
	The aviation agency stepped up its inspections of USAir two years ago because of its financial difficulties and increased the level of scrutiny again after a fatal accident in Charlotte, N.C. on July 2, the officials said.
	(NYT) -- After a momentary reprieve, the smallpox virus seems headed for destruction, after all.
The last reported problem with 513AU occurred March 24, when the crew was unable to pressurize the aircraft after taking off from Philadelphia.
``And I think that after careful work, we have excavated all of the important sites there.
John Sturdivant, of the American Association of Government Employees, told the panel, ``We don't need this commission to come after us to cut the cost-of-living increases in our pay.
We have to find a way to stop the rising cost of entitlements in this country -- and do it soon -- or we will be giving our children and grandchildren a burden that will be impossible to bear.'' The 32-member Bipartisan Commission on Entitlement and Tax Reform, created by President Clinton after last year's bruising budget battles, is chaired by Sen.
``But the message to Fahd was unambiguous -- the president who had demonstrated his commitment to Saudi Arabia wanted oil prices down for the benefit of both countries and the injury of their common enemies.'' Regardless of whether Reagan and King Fahd conspired, three related facts seem beyond dispute: -- Within a year after the White House meeting, the Saudis increased their oil production and world oil prices later plunged 58 percent.
Hodel, Reagan's energy secretary, remembers a visit he made to a Lone Star Steel plant in Texas after the bottom had fallen out of the oil business.
They (Israel) are the occupiers and things will change only after the occupation ends,'' said Ahmed Sawan, political editor for the state-run Tishreen newspaper.
U.S. Secretary of State Warren Christopher is expected to return to the region at the end of this month, after the Jewish high holy days.
Clinton's comments came just one day after Quayle made a major speech on the same theme, a key component of his 1992 campaign.
But we'd be better off if more people were.'' In his first major address since returning from summer vacation, Clinton warned that America is ``raising a whole generation of kids who aren't sure they are the most important persons in the world to anybody.'' With nearly 40 percent of children born out of wedlock and 27 percent of all pregnancies ending in abortion, Clinton told his predominantly middle-class audience, ``Now, I don't care what your position is -- whether you're pro-choice or anti- -- that's too many.'' The Democrat also hailed efforts by inner city ministers to bring together parents who had children out of wedlock and to rebuild families broken by divorce ``for the children's sake.'' As Clinton put it: ``We need to do more of that.'' The president's comments in New Orleans, the city where George Bush named Quayle to the GOP ticket in 1988, came barely 24 hours after Quayle told the Commonwealth Club of California in San Francisco that ``raising a child is not just a mother's responsibility, it is a father's responsibility too.'' Quayle, who says he will decide on a 1996 campaign for the presidency after this year's midterm congressional elections, said that ``too often fathers walk away from their children, or worse yet, they don't even know who their children are.'' The political climate has changed dramatically since Quayle was ridiculed during the 1992 presidential campaign for criticizing the television character Murphy Brown for having a child out of wedlock.
``He certainly agrees with the themes as they were reiterated yesterday.'' Clinton's emphasis on family values signaled the start of a White House effort to move to the political center after suffering a series of stinging setbacks in Congress on anti-crime legislation and comprehensive health care reform.
PLO AID MEETING CANCELLED AFTER DISPUTE OVER JERUSALEM PARIS  (BC-PLO-WORLD-BANK-NYT) A much anticipated meeting of donor countries that could have freed $160 million in aid to the Palestinians was canceled Friday after negotiators for the Palestine Liberation Organization and Israel argued over the status of Jerusalem.
Israeli officials argued that financing institutions in East Jerusalem would circumvent an accord reached last year by the PLO and Israel to negotiate the final status of the city only after self-rule had been introduced over a three-year period.
Servison said Fidelity has recently cut back on TV advertising because of a slowdown in business after the first quarter.
Volvo reported a strong comeback after struggling to break even a year earlier.
But if he did have a good year then Widmer, who will be a free agent after this season, would be a much more attractive to other teams.
Arizona safety Terry Hoage pointed out that a player who had just signed with the Cardinals this week had to receive fluids intravenously after his first day of practice.
Wheat futures prices started out lower on speculation the market was due for a correction after recent gains.
But buying interest surfaced soon after the opening sell-off.
Lovan, 79, retired from the Frisco in 1978 after 41 years.
It was the commission, after all, that brought to public consciousness the fact that in-line skates can be hazardous when used improperly or without the right safety equipment.
Brown speaks in upbeat sound bites -- ``We are a voice for the voiceless'' or ``I hate those blankety-blank bath seats!'' (and often, in fact, recycles those same sound bites in appearance after appearance).
Her father owned a women's clothing store, where she would do her homework in the evenings after taking three different buses from school.
In 1981, Texas A & M became one of the first to apply for a trademark after an entrepreneur put its logo on a line of handguns.
``That will probably be the next big trend after the sports license merchandise,'' she said.
China watchers here and in Asia see after Deng's demise an intense jockeying for power among party leader Jiang Zemin, premier Li Peng and economic czar Zhu Rongji.
There's the president talking about health-care in the Midwest; there he is the next day talking about crime with chiefs of police; there he is the day after that a high-visibility White House ceremony; then he's back on the road stumping, say, for anti-crime legislation or for health care reform -- again.
After acquiescing in the school's request never to enroll in another science course, I was allowed to graduate with a gentleman's C, a grade the professors settled on after one pointed out that a failure would encourage me to come back.
Her handiwork was admired, friends began coming to her for help with decorating, and she later confidently recalled that ``it never occurred to me that I wasn't qualified to give it.'' It was four years after the Wall Street crash of 1929 that Mrs.
LAST REMAINING STOCKS OF SMALLPOX VIRUS WILL BE DESTROYED  (BC-SMALLPOX-VIRUS-255&ADD-NYT) After a reprieve, the smallpox virus seems headed for destruction after all.
Sixteen days after his 18th birthday, as he sat on a mountain bike talking to a girl in front of a fried-chicken restaurant, Mel was shot seven times.
He worked after school from 4 to midnight.
Mel says a group of five officers beat him so badly after they caught him that they just let him go.
Most of Mel's drug crew tried to get legal jobs after he was shot.
She arrived with David Letterman, staging a public reconciliation after their on-air battle on ``The Late Show.'' There she was, pop's bad girl, proving that she, too, could be accepted by a man in a suit.
``Its personality is not formed,'' Holtz said earlier this week, ``and it will not be formed until maybe after the fourth game.
PRICE REPORT UNHINGES BOND MARKET NEW YORK  (BC-CREDIT-NYT) Prices of Treasury securities tumbled Friday after a government report showed a surprising surge in producer prices.
Although Dowd is virtually assured a spot on the roster after his remarkable emergence in the playoffs last spring, it is not the kind of talk Dowd wants to hear.
``The contract is a good sign; it shows that they want me,'' Dowd said after an intrasquad scrimmage earlier this week.
He joined the Devils after graduating college in 1991 and failed to win a job in his first three training camps with the team.
When a colleague called him over to the glass door Thursday shortly after 7 p.m., Cellini was unprepared for what he saw falling out of the sky.
Cellini said he couldn't sleep Friday after returning from the site.
Yet some say the pollutants and waste created in the process of manufacturing plastics pose a greater environmental threat than what happens to them after they have been discarded.
That authority is considered essential to ward off special-interest amendments that could doom a trade agreement after it was negotiated with other countries.
And Dole, after years of supporting a GATT accord, a negotiating process initiated by the Reagan administration, has declared that Congress should put off dealing with it until next year so it can be studied more thoroughly.
But with the collapse of the Soviet empire, China is now Russia's second-biggest trading partner after Germany -- both countries where Soviet soldiers once glowered across hostile frontiers.
``He slayed the dragon,'' Klarberg said, repeating Messier's post-game comment of June 14, after the Rangers beat Vancouver in Game 7 of the finals at Madison Square Garden.
The prosecution papers portray Nelson as a youth with a history of academic and disciplinary problems in school who, though he had no criminal record before his arrest in the Crown Heights case, has since had run-ins with the law in an Atlanta suburb, where he went to live after being acquitted in 1992 of murder charges stemming from Rosenbaum's death.
``There can be no question that this offense was extremely serious and weighs heavily in favor of transfer,'' the government lawyers said, citing court precedents holding that that the seriousness of a crime ``obviously can be given more weight than other factors.'' The papers were made available Friday after Judge David G.
The federal prosecutors, Valerie Caproni and Alan Vinegrad, also said in court papers that the razor attack ``resulted in Nelson's expulsion from school, during which Nelson physiclaly resisted the police officers who were attempting to arrest him after Nelson refused to leave the school grounds.'' The New York City police said Nelson, who was arrested near the scene of Rosenbaum's stabbing, had a bloody knife in his pocket and admitted the stabbing.
Rosenbaum, 29, was stabbed during violence in which black youths attacked Hasidic residents of Crown Heights after a car driven by another Hasidic man struck and killed a black child.
Trager is holding a hearing to determine whether Nelson should be prosecuted as a juvenile or an adult because a person charged with committing a federal crime when he is under 18 generally may be prosecuted as an adult only if a judge grants adult status after such a hearing.
Encouraged by his impressive showing, Bush went after Gov.
And the NTSB, after first suspecting the faulty rudder valve in two crashes -- one a United 737 at Colorado Springs in 1991, the other a 1992 crash of a Panamanian 737 -- determined that the valve did not produce rudder reversal in those crashes.
As recently as 1990, after a round of streamlining and modernization at the company, the union lost a close election.
That compares with 2 megabytes -- or 1.44 megabytes after formatting -- for conventional 3.5-inch diskettes.
The Discovery was launched at 6:22 p.m. after nearly two hours of delay because of bad weather.
The Fox deal comes two years after ESPN agreed to a five-year, $80 million contract that is entering its third season.
Friday night, after a pep talk from their coaches, the American men kept alive the longest winning streak in international swimming by taking a gold and setting a meet-record of 3:16.90 in the 400-meter freestyle relay.
The morning after the blast, residents anxiously stood around the remains of the two-story building in Vykhino, a leafy, quiet district in Moscow's southeastern outskirts, and watched as bomb experts, firemen, police dogs and rescue workers sifted through the tangled debris.
After the Fed raised rates half a point in August, to 4.75 percent, most analysts thought the central bank would wait until after the election before acting again, so it would have time to gauge the impact of its earlier moves on the economy and on inflation.
And gasoline prices jumped a strong 6.8 percent, after increasing 8 percent in July.
The first day of school provided concrete details, after months of disputes between City Hall and Board of Education officials, of how the city's austerity budget will affect classrooms this year.
-- How do you keep Brazil's markets down on the farm after they've seen low inflation?
-- Those selling Twentieth Century Industries stock right after January's earthquake at $27 a share are looking very wise indeed.
When are they going to tell the tale of Herbert Haft, that fiery patriarch of the Landover, Md.-based Haft family empire, who is on the verge of being toppled by his wife and sons after months of public squabbling?
Soon after reaching orbit, the shuttle crew began activation of the experimental laser observatory that ground control teams working with the astronauts plan to fire deep into the Earth's atmosphere periodically throughout their flight.
And he finds them knowledgeable; he's even thinking of getting back into aquariums, a hobby that paled after another pet store sold him two crabs that ate $32 worth of African frogs in two days.
``We deem them to be safe,'' Hinson said unequivocally, adding that he himself planned to take one of the airline's flights Friday after inspecting the scene of the accident.
The aviation agency stepped up its inspections of USAir two years ago because of the carrier's financial difficulties, and increased the level of scrutiny again after a fatal accident in Charlotte, N.C., on July 2, the officials said.
-- How do you keep Brazil's markets down on the farm after they've seen low inflation?
-- Those selling Twentieth Century Industries stock right after January's earthquake at $27 a share are looking very wise indeed.
When are they going to tell the tale of Herbert Haft, that fiery patriarch of the Landover, Md.-based Haft family empire, who is on the verge of being toppled by his wife and sons after months of public squabbling?
``What they haven't done is say they're going home,'' Fehr said after the brief meeting with Selig.
But privately, the postures were different, and the public pronouncements didn't prevent Selig and Fehr from sneaking off to another room at the Hotel Inter-Continental after the news conferences for their secret session.
The rules came into play at 2:22 p.m. after the Dow fell 50.13 points.
The Fed has raised short-term interest rates five times this year, and the stock market's rally in late August was based, in part, on a market consensus that the Fed would not raise rates again soon, perhaps not until after the November election.
It said the two sides had ``mutual interest in normalizing migration procedures and agreed to take measures to insure that migration between the two countries is safe, legal and orderly.'' Hours after it was announced in the United States, there had been no announcement of the agreement by Cuba.
The 10th Mountain, a light infantry division from Fort Drum, N.Y., is to be deployed to Haiti soon after to help maintain order and relieve the 82nd.
Many other airlines have reported improved earnings recently after collectively losing $12.8 billion since 1990.
And for the first time since shortly after the industry was deregulated in 1978, there is no major airline operating in bankruptcy.
Transportation safety officials Friday said they considered USAir a safe carrier, particularly after they increased scrutiny of the airline's maintenance procedures because of its history of accidents.
``But they have started down that road.'' So meager was Castro's apparent payoff that some diplomats speculated that Cuba might have received a secret promise to discuss the embargo at a later point, perhaps after mid-term elections in the United States in November.
``These cannons have been modified for that, which means the cannons can't be any older than 1802, and there weren't any ships like this sent after 1802, because that's when the fort fell, and Ferrand abandoned the fort, and the Haitians took over,'' Rea said.
So it's been for over a decade, with commoners running the show after 75 years of monarchy.
But things soon got messy: after Walter was forced into bankruptcy, Black -- now calling himself an empire builder in the Warren Buffett mold -- started buying its debt.
``These cannons have been modified for that, which means the cannons can't be any older than 1802, and there weren't any ships like this sent after 1802, because that's when the fort fell, and Ferrand abandoned the fort, and the Haitians took over,'' Rea said.
The appointment of Smaltz came one month after Attorney General Janet Reno asked the judges to name an outside prosecutor to examine whether Espy broke the law when he accepted sports tickets, lodging and travel from from Tyson Foods Inc., the Arkansas-based chicken-processing company, and other corporations regulated by the Department of Agriculture.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The panel did not explain why it chose Smaltz, who is relatively unknown in Washington, or whether it was the result of the heavy criticism it encountered after choosing Starr, a former federal appellate judge here and solicitor general under former President George Bush.
The criticism grew louder after Judge David Sentelle, who heads the panel, acknowledged that he had had lunch with North Carolina's two senators, Jesse Helms and Lauch Faircloth, both Republicans, while the panel was considering replacing Fiske.
Smaltz's appointment comes after a three-month investigation by the FBI and the Department of Agriculture's inspector general's office.
It undercut Washington's image as a champion of human rights, they say, for Clinton to take that approach after many presidents have condemned Cuba and other communist nations for denying their people the right to emigrate.
But he did not say, ``Don't Play Ball.'' ``I have said all along we will do everything that we can,'' said Selig, another owner who gained some frequent-travel miles but little else thus far after making his trip to New York this week.
Many people expected Anthony to be traded soon after the Knicks drafted Ward, who was impressive during summer league play.
But after reviewing the case, Garamendi reluctantly came to the same conclusion as the judge, Ahern said.
Sabatini saved two match points in that game and then, after breaking each other again, they segued uncertainly into the tie breaker, where consecutive double faults by Sabatini put her into a 4-1 deficit.
One of them said she had a flat tire after hearing as many as six shots, but the police said they had not determined whether a bullet caused the flat tire.
Anthony DiResta, the troop commander of the state police barracks here, at a news conference called after Gov.
``He thought it was a rock.'' The police said the driver called them about two hours later, after his stepson found a bullet on the right rear passenger seat.
Eliot Engel's name, but then said, ``I know him, he's the guy who lives out of state, Maryland or something.'' Colon smiled, knowing that his message was getting through: that Engel had lost touch with the people after three terms in Washington and had even moved his family to suburban Maryland, while keeping an apartment in Co-op City.
Davis started at defensive end in the season opener against the San Francisco 49ers, but left during a practice on Tuesday after getting into a fistfight with rookie linebacker Greg Biekert.
Davis shocked the Raiders by retiring from football after the 1991 season at the age of 26.
THE PARAGRAPH ON ABORTION CAIRO, Egypt  (BC-POPULATION-TEXT-NYT) Following is the text of paragraph 8.25, which was adopted by consensus tonight after the Vatican abandoned its effort to weaken it significantly and which was drafted in English: In no case should abortion be promoted as a method of family planning.
The victim, Garvey Wright, 31, who lives in the East Tremont section of the Bronx, was unable to speak but shook his head in response to questions from detectives late Thursday after surgery at Bellevue Hospital, said Albert O'Leary, a spokesman for the transit police.
Several plan opponents were ordered to leave the public meeting after approaching the podium with dolls wearing gas masks.
It shows that the business learned from its mistakes after the Joe Theismann situation.
``While the office is aware that there is deep public concern about whether the death penalty will be sought in a case, the decision must be made independent of this concern.'' The statement said: ``This decision was made after meeting with members of the Special Circumstances Committee and receiving information from the prosecutors and counsel for the defendant.'' Simpson's attorneys were notified of the decision Friday in a letter written by Assistant District Attorney Frank Sundstedt, a 22-year prosecutor who heads up the district attorney's Special Circumstances Committee.
Next in line, seeking for $1.1 million, is Lerman -- who filed the lawsuit on King's behalf, later was replaced by Grimes and then was brought back on board by King after the trial.
This is nothing other than a garden variety excessive force case, the only thing that makes it different is that it was videotaped.'' Lerman said it was anything but a typical case, noting that the King beating triggered nationwide attention and led to the worst urban rioting in U.S. history after the officers were acquitted of criminal charges in state court.
Fifteen months after he shook the sports world with his stunning retirement, Jordan returned to the game with the same unexpected flair and impossible athleticism, leaving a loud throng of more than 18,671 -- the last crowd at decaying Chicago Stadium -- with a tantalizing reminder of what might have been.
With 6.1 seconds left, after missing a shot, he hugged Pippen, got down on his knees and kissed the Bulls logo at center court.
The old building will be condemned after Friday night, its history locked away only in memory.
``We deem them to be safe,'' Hinson said unequivocally, adding that he himself planned to take one of the airline's flights Friday after inspecting the scene of the accident.
The aviation agency stepped up its inspections of USAir two years ago because of the carrier's financial difficulties, and increased the level of scrutiny again after a fatal accident in Charlotte, N.C., on July 2, the officials said.
``We kind of went to the complete other end of the spectrum after the scandal, and we'll start to balance ourselves out in the years to come.'' 
Nine months after shaking up the sports-TV world by beating out CBS for the rights to the National Football Conference games for $1.58 billion, Fox has shot and scored -- again, outbidding CBS -- to ice a five-year contract for an NHL package, starting this season.
It shows that the business learned from its mistakes after the Joe Theismann situation.
It shows that the business learned from its mistakes after the Joe Theismann situation.
Only after musical excellence is established will Slatkin's high-flown ambitions fall into place.
A Holy See representative and Roman Catholic activists attending the conference asserted that the debate has strengthened scholarly ties between the church and the Islamic world that will continue after the conference ends.
But what emerged was the impression that the Pope, 74, increasingly frail after a series of accidents and illnesses, senses that the vision must be pursued with increasing stridency -- and at virtually all costs -- as time runs out on Christianity's second millennium.
For all the power the Polish pope showed in his confrontations with communism, he has been powerless to confront the maelstrom of nationalist and religious passions unleashed after the demise of that ideological enemy.
And the best the TV highlights could offer last week was a minor league clip of some rookie on a bench suddenly leaping about the dugout after a teammate snuck a hotfoot onto his cleats.
It would have been truly poetic if, at the overdue Hall of Fame induction ceremony for Leo Durocher, three years after he died, survivors had actually carried out The Lip's resentful rebuff to the game's industrial brahmins from his baseball-proud competitor's heart: ``I want you to turn it down for me posthumously.'' What could David Halberstam add?
And the best the TV highlights could offer last week was a minor league clip of some rookie on a bench suddenly leaping about the dugout after a teammate snuck a hotfoot onto his cleats.
It would have been truly poetic if, at the overdue Hall of Fame induction ceremony for Leo Durocher, three years after he died, survivors had actually carried out The Lip's resentful rebuff to the game's industrial brahmins from his baseball-proud competitor's heart: ``I want you to turn it down for me posthumously.'' What could David Halberstam add?
In 1988, soon after getting her master's at Cornell University, she was one of thousands to apply for a teaching job in New York City.
There was a brief time after her birth when she could not see, and she wore corrective shoes as a child because one leg was shorter than the other.
Thirty-four years after they started leaving, most Cuban-Americans lead daily lives immersed in the American here and now.
They see life in Cuba, even after Castro, as a struggle.
``Students line up at recess and after school just to get a chance to use a computer,'' said Janice Walsh, who taught in the district's first school computer lab in 1973 and now is principal of Gledhill Elementary School.
The first three people to hold the top staff job after the organization was formed in 1909 were women, a remarkably progressive record for the early years of the century.
Dr. Carl Morris, chairman of the statistics department at Harvard University, said it is not easy to calculate, after the fact, whether something is a coincidence.
Often, he said, statisticians find that seemingly unusual events are not so unexpected after all.
But many delegates from countries with large Catholic populations are unconvinced, particularly after witnessing the forceful lobbying the Vatican team directed at countries like Ireland, Italy and the Philippines.
Habito said the Philippines has recently ``re-invigorated'' the country's population and family planning programs after the election of the nation's first Protestant president, Fidel Ramos.
But many delegates from countries with large Catholic populations are unconvinced, particularly after witnessing the forceful lobbying the Vatican team directed at countries like Ireland, Italy and the Philippines.
Habito said the Philippines has recently ``re-invigorated'' the country's population and family planning programs after the election of the nation's first Protestant president, Fidel Ramos.
An Egyptian province banned dishes last spring after the governor complained that the local furniture industry was dying because ``the workers are stuck in front of the sex scenes coming off the dish.'' Yet governments that try to shut down satellite technology are often finding themselves outwitted by determined viewers, a problem that will only get worse for repressive rulers as satellite dishes grow smaller, more powerful and cheaper.
Murdoch, who paid $525 million for control of Star, made few friends in Beijing when he announced shortly after the purchase that new technology ``posed an unambiguous threat to totalitarian regimes.'' The Chinese decree against satellite television banned virtually all private satellite dishes, estimated to number in the hundreds of thousands.
That president was branded a social-issues liberal after unwittingly elevating the rights of gay servicemen to the first issue of his presidency, and a free-spending liberal after making a $20 billion ``stimulus'' of new federal programs, financed by deficit spending, his first economic issue.
Most recently, he was branded a big-government liberal after casting his proposal to overhaul health care as a new federal ``right'' to be insured against sickness, even at added taxpayer expense.
If Panetta's managerial skill and insider savvy turn out to be as billed, and Clinton completes his sophomore year with a string of Democratic victories in foreign and domestic policy, the White House could recapture the whiz-kid aura it showed off just a year ago, after the president rammed a budget and NAFTA and a measure to shrink the bureaucracy through Congress in rapid order.
If all goes well after three years, Rabin said, further withdrawals would be negotiated.
The report cited nearly $1.2 million in telephone bills, generous rent subsidies to servants, and about $400,000 in royal water bills (although the London water utility later rebated about $120,000 after confessing it had misread royal water meters).
``We are going to give ourselves a country.'' Quebec is the largest of Canada's 10 provinces in land area; the population of 7 million is second largest, after Ontario.
That vote was held after the Parti Quebecois came to power for the first time, led by its founder, the late Rene Levesque.
But even after rejecting independence, voters gave him a second mandate to run the province, suggesting that the two issues -- running the government and starting a country -- have different political dynamics.
The defense will at times send eight players after the quarterback.
I haven't looked at anything yet.'' Moss was a founder of the Baseball League, a venture that became a victim of circumstances in 1989 after a promising planning phase.
Shortly after the meeting began, their aides arrived and announced to the other owners and the founders that Trump and Riklis didn't think the league was ready to proceed to the next step.
The Giants came closest to actually making the move, leaving their hearts and bats in San Francisco in 1992 only after local owners stepped in and bought the team from Bob Lurie.
``Who is Castro, or anybody, to make immigration law for any other country?'' said Ms. Gomez, who arrived in Miami in 1960, just after Castro came to power.
FRANCE REMAINS MAJOR PLAYER IN FORMER AFRICAN COLONIES ABIDJAN, Ivory Coast  (BC-FRENCH-AFRICA-NYT) Nine months after France, as a spur to economic reform, devalued a West African currency it had long supported, foreign businessmen and diplomats say that Paris is sending ambivalent signals to its former colonies over their efforts to open up to more international investment and trade.
But while France has urged the countries to open their economies, many people here say that it has shown little willingness to make room for other influences in an area where its hold remains powerful after more than three decades of independence.
Instead, nine days after a cease-fire by the Irish Republican Army that he helped to engineer, he talked reasonably and methodically about the need to proceed to a democratic settlement in Northern Ireland and to make sure that the Unionists, who want to remain part of Britain, were included in it.
``To reduce it to a quibble over semantics detracts attentions from the fact that a united IRA, undefeated after 25 years, had the confidence to say, `Let's have a cessation so that there can be a negotiated settlement.' '' Everyone else accepts the cease-fire as genuine, he said, even countries whose ``first language is not English,'' even the British military commanders who let now let their troops patrol Belfast without hard helmets.
But after hours of closed-door negotiations on other sections of the document, the Vatican and other delegates reported that many differences remained.
The Vatican's decision on Friday to let the conference move forward after several days of stalemate and the revision of some contentious language was applauded Saturday by both sides in the abortion debate.
Or with Reggie Jackson talking the talk after having trotted the trot of three home runs at Yankee Stadium.
As important, at an earlier news conference in London, the Foreign Minister said Syria wanted a ``warm peace,'' which he was quoted as saying meant full diplomatic ties, but only after a complete Israeli withdrawal from the strategic heights.
Since its formation, one day after the terrorist bombing of a Jewish community center here in July, the agency has been shrouded in secrecy, raising concerns here that it could be used to harass or intimidate opponents.
For them, it resurrects images of the ``Dirty War'' in the late 1970s when more than 10,000 people are estimated to have disappeared after the military seized power and carried out a repressive campaign against leftist guerrillas and opposition forces.
The rookie free agent from California signed with the Jets after the draft, went through training camp and preseason and was cut by New York before the season started.
``But on game day he can catch and make plays after it.'' 
It has been said that Rice was in tears on the plane ride home from Dallas last season after San Francisco dropped its second straight NFC championship game to the Cowboys.
JOURNAL: VAN DOREN IS BACK  (BC-RICH-COLUMN-NYT) Charles Van Doren, the most iconic recluse of the 1950s after J.D. Salinger, lives in quiet retirement in Connecticut.
Once politicians saw the light about the new medium -- which they did during the Kennedy-Nixon debates, just after the quiz show scandal subsided -- they started appropriating the same devices to sell a less benign product, themselves.
Almost four decades after Charles Van Doren's fall, quiz shows often seem like the only ones on TV that aren't rigged.
Year after year, dozens of employees are arrested for taking bribes or related crimes.
The mentality of this organization leaves a lot to be desired.'' Ruth Anne Myers worked for the immigration service for 33 years, and in June, just four days after she retired as director of the Phoenix office, she reflected on the agency's latest budget crisis.
Only two other Senate subcommittees are as unpopular -- the one that oversees the federal deficit and the one that looks after the IRS.
``In the current climate,'' she said, ``I don't think we can continue to get by with some of these chronic and traditional behaviors.'' Ms. Meissner was a senior manager at the INS in the early 1980s and after that worked as an immigration expert at a research institute in Washington.
Guidelines forbidding the acceptance of gratuities were finally issued only after a reporter asked about them this summer.
 (BC-IMMIGRATE-I-4THTAKE-NYT) THE MONEY: Millions Owing, No One to Collect Year after year, budget crises ripple through the INS The agency repeatedly overestimates the fees it will collect from immigrants and visitors, fails to plan for the inevitable immigration emergencies, then loses track of much of the money it does have.
Critical audit after critical audit has landed on his desk.
``This kind of thing goes on year after year, but nobody's ever held accountable,'' she said, her voice rising with anger.
I thought I was in another country.'' But before long the old El Salvador re-emerged, the dealer said, when narcotics detectives beat him bloody during interrogation after he bribed a judge to dismiss the charges.
It was named after vigorous debate among all political sectors, including the former guerrillas now in the legislature.
Procedural delays are so long that prisoners awaiting trial are routinely released after they have been in jail longer than they would have been under the maximum sentence had they gone to trial and been convicted.
``I'll never forget it.'' Eleven months after his stunning retirement and 15 months after he played his final game, Michael Jordan returned to basketball with the same elan in his stride and the same defiance of gravity he once used to spin the world on his fingertip.
``It's his house now,'' Jordan said moments after his incomparable return in Pippen's charity game.
Then, after a passable season in 1993, something changed.
But many delegates from countries with large Catholic populations are unconvinced, particularly after witnessing the forceful lobbying the Vatican team directed at countries like Ireland, Italy and the Philippines.
Habito said the Philippines has recently ``re-invigorated'' the country's population and family planning programs after the election of the nation's first Protestant president, Fidel Ramos.
But many delegates from countries with large Catholic populations are unconvinced, particularly after witnessing the forceful lobbying the Vatican team directed at countries like Ireland, Italy and the Philippines.
Habito said the Philippines has recently ``re-invigorated'' the country's population and family planning programs after the election of the nation's first Protestant president, Fidel Ramos.
 (BC-CONN-GOP-GOV-2TAKES-NYT) Two months after winning the Democratic Party's endorsement for his bid to become Connecticut's next governor, John B.
The campaign comes four years after the Democrats suffered one of their worst setbacks in state history.
Nelson, 19, is accused of violating the civil rights of a Hasidic man, Yankel Rosenbaum, by stabbing him to death during the violence in which black youths assaulted Hasidim in the Brooklyn area in August 1991, after a car drvien by a Hasidic man killed a black child.
Later, the 50-year-old Warren said in an interview that the federal civil rights prosecution of his client after he was acquitted on state murder charges was a ``misuse'' of federal civil rights laws.
Written off by some as a bust after five nondescript years in the league, King has scored 40, 38 and 30 goals the last three seasons -- respectable, if not eye-catching, numbers for someone usually playing on a line with Pierre Turgeon and Steve Thomas.
That recommendation came just hours after Florida's governor, Lawton Chiles, declared a state of emergency and warned Clinton that he would order Florida officials to begin detaining all Cuban boat people.
At a debate last week with his Republican opponent, Colin McMillan, Bingaman was asked about health care only after questions on the deficit, cuts in military spending, grazing fees, crime and drugs.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) At a riverfront fair in Harrisburg, Pa., where Wofford was campaigning one day last week, Carol Henning, a registered nurse, said of the two parties: ``I just wish they'd learn to work together for the good of the country.'' But after a year-long debate airing all the risks of the various health care proposals, many voters seem simply relieved that Congress put off sweeping action on health care.
Bob Kerrey, D-Neb., said that after a substantial advertising campaign by the insurance industry and other opponents, ``a majority of Nebraskans now oppose most of the proposals before Congress.'' In fact, the sharply polarized nature of the health care debate has left its mark around the country.
The outcry in this village 90 miles north of New York City echoes the demands made in New Jersey after the rape and murder of Megan Kanka, a 7-year-old girl who the police say was killed by a convicted sex offender.
The police say they believe that Moran returned to McCauliff's house on July 10 -- five days after the two first met -- with the intention of robbing him, but ended up stabbing him instead.
Gilfeather, said he did not know until after the killing that a shelter for the homeless was operating in town.
The lawmakers reconvene Monday after their summer recess and will probably adjourn no later than the third week in October.
Here is the outlook for some of the main legislation this fall: TRADE Last December, after years of negotiations, the United States and more than 100 other countries concluded one of the broadest trade agreements in history.
Earl and Kathleen Weaver and their three children -- Brian, 16, Lindsay, 11, and Scott, 7 -- had flown to Chicago earlier in the week to attend the funeral of Kathleen Weaver's 7-year-old nephew, who had died after an asthma attack last weekend.
The report cited nearly $1.2 million in telephone bills, generous rent subsidies to servants, and about $400,000 in royal water bills (although the London water utility later rebated about $120,000 after confessing it had misread royal water meters).
After lying low politically for the better part of a year after a precipitous drop in the polls and a high-profile failure to defeat the North American Free Trade Agreement, he thundered noisily back into public view this weekend, beginning here on Friday night with the first of 10 rallies leading up to the Nov.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) The swing vote role has seemed Perot's best political bet, especially after he ran a strong third in the 1992 presidential contest.
After Johnson became president of the Western League in 1894, he forced Brush to sell his Indianapolis team after discovering that the owner was drafting players for the Reds but shifting them to Indianapolis.
U.S FEARFUL OF CIVIL DISORDER AFTER HAITI INVASION WASHINGTON  (BC-U.S.-HAITI-800(ADD)-NYT) Clinton administration officials say they are worried that an invasion of Haiti could set off a wave of assassinations and reprisals, and are scrambling to create a police force that would maintain law and order after any military action.
Senior administration officials said the maintenance of civil order after an invasion was the current focus of preparations and a major concern.
``The issue is disorder right after the invasion.
Another major problem is recruiting the international monitors who would help supervise the police, much as the United States did with the new police force in Panama after the invasion there.
CUBANS RUSH TO LEAVE AS GOVERNMENT SETS DEADLINE LAS BRISAS, Cuba  (BC-CUBA-NYT) The tide of people fleeing Cuba surged again Saturday as hundreds rushed to beat a 72-hour deadline set by the government after its agreement with the United States to halt the exodus.
``Nonetheless,'' the government said in a statement published Saturday by the Communist Party newspaper Granma, ``persuasion will always be the fundamental method employed.'' In Washington, State Department officials reacted cautiously to Cuba's gradual approach to enforcing the accord, which was signed in New York on Friday after eight days of negotiation.
But by 2 p.m. ET Saturday afternoon, the day's total was 247, and it was expected to rise as scores of rafts that left after the agreement was announced to television and radio here floated beyond the 12-mile limit of Cuban waters.
But as it did briefly in 1965 and 1980, the government suddenly lifted the ban last month after the hijackings of several state-owned vessels and a riot against the security forces near the port of Havana on Aug.
Some diplomats and other observers have been skeptical that Cuban officials will be able to reimpose their control over the coastline easily after the flight of some 30,000 people since last month.
Nothing was found to be out of order in the inspections that were performed by USAir after being ordered last March for all similar planes until the manufacturers change the design of a rudder mechanism and replace the part, said Donald Riggin, the manager of the FAA office in Seattle that oversees safety rules for Boeing aircraft.
At first, the agency agreed, proposing in 1992 that the mechanism be inspected after every 4,000 hours of flying.
Even though the safety board said that that was not frequent enough, the FAA withdrew its proposal to require those inspections after further research.
``It goes to Bosnia and Herzegovina, to Sarajevo, the martyred city, that I ardently intended to visit as a pilgrim of peace.'' The pope's visit to Zagreb came just two days after his planned trip to Sarajevo was called off for security reasons, leaving a sense of bitterness in the Bosnian capital, which had looked to the pope to relieve its sense of isolation.
Shops, theaters or bars that exist in those areas would, under the new regulations, have to close after an as yet unspecified time to allow owners to recoup their costs.
One investigator noted that immediately after the robbery detectives had placed Bascom under 24-hour-a-day surveillance because he had played a crucial role in the holdup.
And after the robbers had pried open showcases in the main retail room and carefully selected hundreds of items of expensive jewelery, all the while ignoring the video cameras that were taping the action, it was Bascom who later accompanied one robber upstairs to get all the videotapes, including the backup tapes in secret hidden compartments.
A day or two after that, I saw it reported that the reason so many children are getting crazed on drugs and shooting each other is that they haven't been validated -- whatever that is supposed to mean.
``They're engaging in a show for public relations sake,'' Fehr said in a telephone interview after he worked out at a Manhattan hotel exercise room.
The defense that kept Maryland in the game in the first half collapsed in the second under a 35-0 Seminole onslaught after halftime.
She also finished the Grand Slam season as the only woman to win two, after winning the French Open last June.
Graf did get back to deuce after falling into a 0-40 hole, but was broken when she followed Vicario's backhand winner by netting her own backhand slice.
Then, 8:48 into the second period, senior left halfback Kevin Vaughn, Army's fastest runner, sprinted 60 yards for a touchdown after Anthony Pignio had kicked a 24-yard field goal for Holy Cross.
She is giving us the strength to go after the children.''' What followed was a six-week trek aided by New Jersey politicians and the State Department, ending in Jordan with a personal audience with King Hussein and a whirlwind dash for the airport, where a seven-seat palace jet carried Mrs.
But how many years after that bloody episode did all sides ask whether a victory at such a cost is really a victory?
Bar-Ilan University in Tel Aviv named its International Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences after him in 1990.
He was 52 and lived in Merrimack, N.H. Kupchun got a job as a draftsman at Nashua Industrial after graduating from Nashua High School, and he had been working his way up ever since.
Tourism's rebound after a three-year decrease in visitors has fueled hotel refurbishings and announcements of new hotel constructions.
In January 1993, after signing a contract to sell her unit, Ms. Walker, a unit owner, asked her son and son-in-law to help her move out.
 (BC-AT-HOME-REAL-2NDTAKE-NYT) This was exactly what happened in Virginia in 1982 after its Supreme Court tossed out the right of a condominium in that state to fine its residents.
Asked if the suspect had engaged in target practice, Schiffren said, ``I ain't saying it, but you can put two and two together.'' Schiffren also said that, after interviews with investigators involved in the five previous snipings, ``we are comfortable with the belief that he was not involved in those other incidents.'' A joint statement by the Nassau and state police said the three shooting incidents on or near the Meadowbrook Parkway took place between 9:05 and 9:15 a.m. Thursday where Old Country Road passes over the parkway.
Minutes before, more than 30 shots were fired into the Baldwin auto body shop owned by Joseph Buttafuoco, who gained notoriety in 1992 after his wife was shot and wounded by Amy Fisher, a teen-ager with whom he had had an affair.
Referring to a strong second half for Rutgers, after a miserable first half, Coach Doug Graber said: ``I like this team.
Well, Michael Jordan could fall out of bed after not shooting a ball in anger for more than a year and score 52 points.
That was after Rymkus followed a coach-of-the-year AFL championship season with a 10-3 season.
You get used to the idea that if you're not a starter, that -- getting coaches to yell out your name -- might be all the attention you get.'' Myles admits that it sometimes irks him to know that no matter what greatness he achieves as a Cowboy, it seems it will have to be done after coming off the bench.
That leaves Myles as the man who, after a practice week of taking snaps at all three linebacker positions, the Cowboys hope will spend Sundays coming onto the field along with his Nickel mates after Jones has stopped the first-down run.
Once activated, Osuna dominated the league, and Van Ryn (8-3, 2.99) did well again in 17 starts after his demotion.
Catcher Ryan Luzinski (.261, 11, 61) was a Florida State League all-star but hasn't advanced much after three pro seasons since he was the club's top draft pick in 1992.
Mickelson hooked his 5-iron into the woods just right of the green and, after finding his ball in the underbrush following a lengthy search, proceeded to thrash his way to a triple-bogey 6.
There is young Stricker, 27, who is two strokes behind at 208 and looking for his first PGA Tour victory after his round of 69.
Today, with exceptions like Travis Heights, outcome-based education is an idea in retreat, beaten back after bitter fights nationwide.
Speaker after speaker at a public forum on the Grapevine-Colleyville strategic plan two weeks ago spoke of the evils of outcome-based education, and they accused the district of working to secretly introduce an errant philosophy.
Nolan Harrison will move from tackle to end replacing Davis, who left practice Tuesday after a fistfight with linebacker Greg Biekert.
But just when the legend of Ron Powlus seemed ready to take on enormous proportions after his first game at Notre Dame Stadium, it was Todd Collins, the Michigan quarterback, who engineered the decisive drive that left the Fighting Irish lying in pain on the grass.
On the second play of the possession, after Becton's 14-yard run increased the noise and anticipation of a dramatic finish, Powlus stumbled backwards as he took the snap from the new center, Mark Zataveski.
On their third play from scrimmage, after Powlus's quick pass to junior wide receiver Derrick Mayes created a 13-yard gain, senior fullback Ray Zellars gained 16 yards up the middle for Notre Dame's longest run of the season.
``He did knock down a couple of small pine trees,'' Vincent recalls, ``but he was basically just being playful.'' The use of live mascots for athletic teams at universities around the nation is, almost by definition, a risky adventure, as became evident Sept.3 in Lubbock when Double T -- Texas Tech's black quarter horse mascot -- died after throwing its rider and running headfirst into a concrete wall.
Since the beginnings of the college game, schools have adopted live mascots -- and then abandoned the idea after deciding that they were unable or unwilling to properly care for the animals or maintain the cost.
Currently, the horse gallops around the stadium after every Tech score.
That Bevo was eventually barbecued, and Earl Campbell ran over a later one after scoring a touchdown.
Evason returns after a solid season.
One play later, after calling his last timeout, Collins avoided a sack by Bert Berry and found freshman Seth Smith, who lunged out of bounds at the 33 at 0:07.
``But we had something to prove.'' Nevertheless, Lowe drove Louisville to two first-half TDs and the Cardinals got three more points after a fumbled punt by the recently-retrieved Michael Adams, who admitted that ``I had dreamed of coming back with an outstanding game, but it didn't happen.'' Texas, meanwhile, managed three field goals.
``This shows me I can really brace myself and be tough when the chips are down.'' As for Bennett, a 14-year-old from Tampa who decided to become a distance swimmer after watching Evans win three Olympic golds in Seoul, she made it clear she could be a major factor in Atlanta in two years, improving on her personal best by more than five seconds.
There are plenty more.'' Shir Dar paid $13.40 after winning for Bobby Frankel, who scratched would-be favorite Skimble.
He wasn't sure how to feel after Sandpit and Nakatani won the 1]-mile race by five lengths in 2:12 4/5, just two ticks slower than Navarone's course record.
Said Shoe: ``To be honest with you, it looked like these guys rode better than most of the younger guys are riding.'' Bill Spawr leads Mike Mitchell 16-14 in the trainers' race after Anchor's win.
In New York, even the best hardwoods rot after a decade exposed to the weather; this carving is in even better condition than stone, terra cotta, metal, or other carving of equal vintage.
But with a declining market for exotic interiors after 1900, de Forest began to pay more attention to painting, and built a house in Santa Barbara, Calif., in the 1910s.
He sold 7 East 10th Street in 1922, and the building was divided into apartments sometime after 1930.
According to Molly Seiler, an assistant curator of decorative arts at the Brooklyn Museum, much of the interior was removed after an auction sale in 1922.
The Nittany Lions led 21-0 after one quarter, 35-0 at halftime and looked better than that.
He not only gets to go on a seven-day Caribbean cruise with his wife, but moments after his wife was crowned they were asked to be in the Rose Bowl Parade on New Years Day.
She won 20 of the next 26 points after the second game.
We knew they were going to come after me.
Wide receiver Chris Brasfield, though, helped ease the Frogs' worst fears when he took a screen pass 62 yards for a touchdown on the first play from scrimmage after New Mexico scored its final touchdown with 6:36 remaining to play.
The ball kind of fluttered on me and sailed.'' The Mustangs responded with a touchdown on the play after Greenwood suffered his injury, which occurred on the other side of the field from the tackle.
The Bruins called time out after the next three plays, not to organize themselves defensively but for the offense if SMU scored.
Wide receiver Chris Brasfield, though, helped ease the Frogs' worst fears when he took a screen pass 62 yards for a touchdown on the first play from scrimmage after New Mexico scored its final touchdown with 6:36 remaining to play.
COWBOYS STAND IN WAY OF OILERS' RESPECT QUEST HOUSTON  (BC-FBN-OILERS-TEX) Just what Cris Dishman needed after a trip down embarrassment lane.
Even head coach Jack Pardee conceded, ``We've got a lot to do to get our confidence back after playing like we did last week.
The Matadors had rallied to catch Boise State early in the fourth quarter and had the Broncos in a third-and-29 situation at the Northridge 16 after Boise State quarterback Tony Hilde tripped over an official for a 20-yard loss.
Northridge would like to forget what happened after that.
But after those two plays, we didn't play like the same team.
The Matadors had rallied to catch Boise State early in the fourth quarter and had the Broncos in a third-and-29 situation at their own 16 after Boise State quarterback Tony Hilde tripped over an official for a 20-yard loss.
Northridge would like to forget what happened after that.
But after those two plays, we didn't play like the same team.
CAL STATE NORTHRIDGE WATCHES A CHANCE TO WIN TURN INTO A ROUT  (BC-FBC-CSUN-BOISE STATE-LADN) The Matadors had rallied to catch Boise State early in the fourth quarter and had the Broncos in a third-and-29 situation at their own 16 after Boise State quarterback Tony Hilde tripped over an official for a 20-yard loss.
Northridge would like to forget what happened after that.
But after those two plays, we didn't play like the same team.
He favors spending more for border guards, for prison construction and for more police on the street.'' This year, Huffington voted for the amended crime bill including $10.5 billion for prison construction, after some of the expenditures for crime prevention programs -- billed as pork-barrel spending by critics -- were trimmed.
President Bush had vetoed an earlier family-leave bill, but Clinton signed the bill after the House and Senate passed it in 1993.
``Since she took office, Dianne Feinstein has voted for cuts that will kill 179,000 defense jobs in California,'' Huffington said in August after touring McClellan Air Force Base near Sacramento, Calif., which he said could be shut down in the next round of base closures.
Feinstein, who wants to postpone the next round of base closings, voted for defense cutbacks as part of U.S. deficit-cutting efforts after the collapse of the Soviet empire.
``There is a high wimp factor in the House of Bishops,'' one observer said after the bishops declined to vote on a series of human sexuality resolutions.
The defining moment in the conference came when bishops clashed over a human sexuality statement which, after much debate, held to the traditional church teaching that heterosexual marriage is the norm.
Africa, unlike Europe, has bred only one state through secession since colonial days: Eritrea, which divorced Ethiopia last year after a 30-year guerrilla war and a referendum that demonstrated overwhelming support.
Africa, unlike Europe, has bred only one state through secession since colonial days: Eritrea, which divorced Ethiopia last year after a 30-year guerrilla war and a referendum that demonstrated overwhelming support.
What they like less are crime, welfare and immigration: issues which, as it turns out, are playing a central role in state after state, and which tend to favor Republicans.
That in hand, he has gone after two villains in the bush: violent criminals and illegal aliens.
What they like less are crime, welfare and immigration: issues which, as it turns out, are playing a central role in state after state, and which tend to favor Republicans.
That in hand, he has gone after two villains in the bush: violent criminals and illegal aliens.
What they like less are crime, welfare and immigration: issues which, as it turns out, are playing a central role in state after state, and which tend to favor Republicans.
That in hand, he has gone after two villains in the bush: violent criminals and illegal aliens.
And managers caught up in the multimedia revolution may be right to argue that, if they do nothing, their firms will soon be as redundant as blacksmiths after the invention of the automobile.
And managers caught up in the multimedia revolution may be right to argue that, if they do nothing, their firms will soon be as redundant as blacksmiths after the invention of the automobile.
And managers caught up in the multimedia revolution may be right to argue that, if they do nothing, their firms will soon be as redundant as blacksmiths after the invention of the automobile.
Miss Tandy triumphed on Broadway in 1947 as Blanche Dubois in Tennessee Williams's ``Streetcar Named Desire,'' and was still a great star more than 40 years later when she played the title character in the 1989 film ``Driving Miss Daisy.'' In the years between, she and her husband, Hume Cronyn, played opposite each other in success after success to become the most illustrious theater couple of their day.
She vowed to go on working, although she said she hoped she would know when to stop, ``before they have to get the hook.'' The Academy Award came one year after she won an Emmy for her performance in the television adaptation of ``Foxfire,'' of which her husband was a co-writer.
Even after she became seriously ill she continued to work, completing three films and two television dramas.
The interest on series EE bonds issued after 1989 is tax-free if it is used to pay for education and if the family's income is below a certain level.
``Kids complicate our financial picture, and funding college is an incredible expense,'' Earle said, ``but both of us have benefited from higher education, so we made saving for college the highest priority after paying the bills.'' They are setting aside $10,000 a year for Elizabeth, 2, and Thomas, 3 months, with the objective of financing their children's education within about eight years.
Nobody consistently writes memorable characters like Kelley, and nobody can keep scene after scene flowing with such high-quality storytelling.
Eriq LaSalle is nicely intense as the top-dog doc, and Sherry Stringfield gets to show her stuff after bailing out of ``NYPD Blue'' last season when no one could figure out what to do with her as Det.
He was 68 at the time, and the company said that its officers had to retire after reaching 65 but that its board had the right to extend this age limit by three years.
In most markets, ABC affiliates will air ``Coach'' and the new sitcom ``Blue Skies'' either before or after the games.
NEW MONDAY SHOWS ``PARTY OF FIVE'' -- Fox tries again with another thoughtful drama about kids, this time a family of five, ranging in age from diapers to 24, trying to stay together after their parents are killed in a car crash.
Will there be life after Fleischman?
At 10, watch how ``Northern Exposure'' sets up life after Fleischman.
On Sunday, Dole proposed instead that he, Mitchell and the House's GOP and Democratic leaders agree on a bare-bones compromise during a health summit in which ``each would have a veto.'' Appearing right after Dole on CBS's Face the Nation, Mitchell shot down Dole's trial balloon.
``It was the time of the teen-age comedies, and just seeing one after another was wearing me out.
On Sunday, Dole proposed instead that he, Mitchell and the House's GOP and Democratic leaders agree on a bare-bones compromise during a health summit in which ``each would have a veto.'' Appearing right after Dole on CBS's Face the Nation, Mitchell shot down Dole's trial balloon.
In Friday's bond trading, these lenders asked, in effect, for another increase in interest rates, after the Labor Department reported that factory prices rose sixth-tenths of 1 percent in August.
``There is still a lot of resistance -- and for good reasons.'' Many in Parliament, after all, suffered imprisonment, torture, exile and the death of loved ones at the hands of the party that now shares power.
Afternoon: Preserving Health, Unmasking Stealth The surgeon general briefs Mandela after lunch on the military medical system available to treat him in the event of an emergency.
Seconds after takeoff it crashed into a bridge spanning the Potomac River, killing 78 people.
Depending on their illnesses, workers are taken by bus to prophylaxis centers after work, where they spend the night, and then are sent back to work -- a way of dispensing treatment without losing productivity.
Above the gymnasium, there is a billiard room, a disco and a bar with a professional bartender on duty every night after 6 p.m. Smoking is frowned on, but not much.
In terms of substance, little in fact has changed after nearly three years of negotiations.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Officials here said that Assad's speech to his Parliament, coupled with his foreign minister's offer a few days earlier of a ``warm peace,'' was part of a campaign to brace Syrians for an agreement with Israel after decades of hatred.
Another took her first $100 bribe one month after starting work.
But an ``audit trail'' system that tracks the work of each person using the computer was not installed until after Patricia MacKey, a supervisor in the Miami office, was arrested in 1992.
Study would continue after they were licensed, even though the agency failed to spell out the precise details.
The question remains: How strong will it be in the long term?'' But for now, at least, publishers can can be forgiven for pinching themselves as they notice they are still alive after all.
Even though CNN has encountered some widely publicized problems in the last year centering on its failure to establish consistently strong ratings, the question remains: Would Turner be willing to part with CNN to gain the freedom and capital he needs to go after a network?
Even after Congress repealed the resolution, federal courts ruled that the war could not be challenged as long as Congress was financing the military.
Miss Tandy triumphed on Broadway in 1947 as Blanche Dubois in Tennessee Williams's ``Streetcar Named Desire,'' and was still a great star more than 40 years later when she played the title character in the 1989 film ``Driving Miss Daisy.'' In the years between, she and her husband, Hume Cronyn, played opposite each other in success after success to become the most illustrious theater couple of their day.
She vowed to go on working, although she said she hoped she would know when to stop, ``before they have to get the hook.'' The Academy Award came one year after she won an Emmy for her performance in the television adaptation of ``Foxfire,'' of which her husband was a co-writer.
Even after she became seriously ill she continued to work, completing three films and two television dramas.
Last month, after their headquarters strategy session, Johnson and two carloads of organizers from the Authentic Workers Front descended on the G.E. plant in Zaragoza, a border suburb of Juarez, for the afternoon shift change.
In the first public glimpse of the crash site since it was sealed off after the accident on Thursday, officials took a small group of journalists to the scene late Sunday afternoon.
``The most important accomplishment in every district is the passage of `three strikes and you're out,' '' Greenberg wrote, referring to a provision of the bill that imposes lifetime prison terms on criminals convicted of a federal crime after two previous felony convictions.
The Rios campaign began its radio ads against Bonilla, a freshman congressman, after a poll showed that 60 percent of the district's voters supported the ban on assault weapons.
He said that when he last saw the president on Labor Day, ``What he told me was `Go ahead and do the best you can, and then I'll take a look at the results.' And I think that's the approach he ought to take.'' Even before Mitchell sits down on Wednesday with Chafee, who will return to Washington only after his primary on Tuesday, a campaign is underway to define their work as inevitably inadequate.
Small, crowded rafts continued to leave from points east and west of Havana, after an agreement between Cuba and the United States on Friday to try to stop the exodus by sharply increasing the number of visas issued for Cubans wishing to move to the United States.
But after a burst of departures on Friday night and Saturday, the flow appeared to drop considerably on Sunday.
In a government statement issued after the migration accord was signed on Friday afternoon in New York, people who had homemade vessels or materials on the shore were given until noon Tuesday to clear them away.
At this moment, they are legally authorized to do so.'' Reflecting the surge in departures of the mostly unmotorized craft after the agreement, U.S. Coast Guard ships patrolling beyond the 12-mile limit of Cuban territorial waters picked up 551 people on Saturday, up from 177 on the stormy day before.
On the beach at Guanabo, a man and his wife, exhausted after nearly sinking during the night, sat numbly by a crude rowboat the size of a small bathtub, fashioned from plastic foam and sheet metal.
But after the Interior Ministry captain at Cojimar suggested to Amaury Alvarez that maybe the voyage wasn't a good idea, the student from Havana who was assembling his raft on the shore said his choice was clear-cut, whatever fate awaited him.
He comes MTV-ready, and if he turns the stomachs of a few parents, he also induces their kids to ask, ``Can we get tickets for the Agassi match?'' ``I think the game is going to survive, whether I'm around or not,'' Agassi said in the interview room after injecting at least the American version of it with a large dose of hope.
It turns out the game that's been advertised as one you can play for life is not quite as promising after 20 unwanted pounds and a body that tends to creak.
Why run after the ball when you can walk?
That's what made the aging Connors such a heroic figure, a veritable scream, U.S. Open after U.S. Open.
The Southland fancy apparently sprouted in September 1991, at Holiday Skating Center in Orange, after its owner spotted the trend in Northern California.
The savings and loan provision was added to the bill after intense lobbying by the insurance industry.
``By the end of this year, negotiations will be concluded,'' said a joint statement after the talks, which took place as part of a meeting here of the heads of state of Latin America's 14 largest nations.
The investigators went to work on Sunday with no strong theory about why the plane suddenly rolled to the left and plunged from more than a mile high, after an uneventful flight from Chicago to Pittsburgh.
They said they would be making a special effort to retrieve parts of the right engine to determine whether its thrust reverser, a braking mechanism used to slow a plane down after it lands, was inadvertently deployed.
Vogt, a member of the National Transportation Safety Board, after seeing press reports that heavily emphasized the thrust reversers.
In February, armed with a brand new attitude, he won his first tournament back in action after the five-month layoff that commenced with his disturbing first-round loss here last year.
Always an emotive victor, Agassi had to be rescued by the loser after he prostrated himself on the Stadium Court and seemed, after an unrelenting display of hard core invulnerability, in some danger of turning to jelly there.
The next set wasn't as lopsided, but it concluded the same way, in Agassi's direction after he took control of the tiebreaker with a dive-bombing backhand return that used Stich's first serve for momentum and buried itself at the server's feet to grant Agassi a 4-2 edge.
Virtually every politician in the state expects Giuliani to endorse Pataki -- eventually, and perhaps fairly soon after the primary, though he has yet to meet with him.
Asked last week if he was disappointed that he had not yet met with Pataki, the mayor said, ``Since I'm not going to make an endorsement until after the primary, it would be difficult for me to be disappointed that I haven't met with him.'' Meantime, Giuliani has appeared so often with Cuomo, and said such nice things about him, that Garth could easily make a television commercial of the mayor's videotaped comments, whoever Mr. Giuliani officially endorses.
They howled and roared and nearly caused as much confusion for the 49ers on both sides of the ball as Kansas City did in its spirited 24-17 victory that made the 49ers look human, after all.
I learned this game from the master, so I always wish him the best.'' Did Montana speak to Young after the game?
 (BC-FBC-UCLA-LADN) Carl Greenwood, UCLA's best defensive back, is out for the regular season and starting offensive tackle Paul Kennedy is out for the entire season after injuries suffered in Saturday's victory over Southern Methodist.
To lose a guy like that with that much skill and as many games of experience as he has is losing a lot.'' On the play after Greenwood was injured, his replacement, true freshman Javelin Guidry, was burned on an 18-yard touchdown pass to senior Mick Rossley.
Florida, the preseason No.1, moved up from No.2 after a 73-7 victory Saturday over Kentucky.
To a Cuban soldier, a can of C-ration is a banquet, and he'd make the trip in an oil-drum raft cheaper than anything we're renting in Bayonne, N.J. Not only would it be cost-efficient to the U.S. taxpayer, the Havana-Haiti option would provide hard currency to a depressed economy, justify any secret agreements with Castro to widen recent talks after a decent interval, reduce exposure of newsies to friendly fire, and satisfy editorialists everywhere by returning Cuba to the Family of Nations.
In the year after the showing of that film, ``By Their Own Hand,'' she found a 25 percent rise in use of department services, although other factors might have contributed to the increase.
The money was available to help Mexico in case there was a run on the peso after a governing party loss or, as Bentsen said, ``in case violence broke out.'' Disclosure of the election back-up plan is sure to cause a political controversy, just as occurred after some previous plans were disclosed in news reports.
The $6 billion credit line from the Europeans was in addition to $6 billion made available to Mexico by the United States in March in the uncertain hours after the assassination of the ruling party's presidential candidate, Luis Donaldo Colosio.
The support that came after the assassination of Colosio was the only time U.S. officials openly discussed the contingency plans.
The deal was kept quiet, and after NAFTA passed in Congress in November the deal was essentially shelved, although the legal papers were preserved.
The earlier NAFTA-related credit line expired after two months.
His key touchdown was good for 35 yards, just minutes after he had left the game after he was slammed to the turf by the Broncos' Steve Atwater.
Moore, after all, is playing with a broken left wrist.
At the Denver 10, after Elway, the last man with a chance to nab him, gave up, Lewis high-stepped the final 30 feet for his first career touchdown.
But in the midst of the action, Lewis drove a forearm into Elway's head after he threw the ball, and the play was called back on a penalty for unsportsmanlike conduct.
``I had planned to quit after the worlds, but now you will see me in Atlanta; these two defeats are the reason,'' said Egerszegi, a triple gold medalist at the 1992 Olympics whose only medal here was Sunday night's silver.
Even after Congress repealed the resolution, federal courts ruled that the war could not be challenged as long as Congress was financing the military.
They stacked the line with eight men and sent them after running back Emmitt Smith.
If we could do that then we'd have a chance.'' Smith, who was favoring his shoulder after the game, had 90 yards and a one-yard touchdown run on 27 carries.
In the third quarter Haley nailed Richardson after the whistle blew, but the referee did not call a roughing the passer penalty.
Lehman lost his chance with a bogey at the 17th, moments after Calcavechia had posted a 12 under total with his 30-foot chip-in for eagle.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Gotham succeeded Mezzina/Brown Inc., which handled the account for seven months after acquiring New Woman's previous shop, Wills & Evans.
Some readers might wince at the ending of the blind-date ad, which, after calling the New Woman reader a ``constantly growing, never settling'' woman, concludes, ``Boy does she have great legs.'' Roberts defended the tone, saying, ``In order for the campaign to be genuine, you have to capture how men talk about women.
Bledsoe, who took the snap with 6 seconds left, rushed three yards for the first down, but the clock ran out and the Bills survived for a 38-35 victory after leading by 28-14 at halftime.
``What I should have done was call a quick pass play to get the first down and get the guy out of bounds,'' said Bledsoe, the second-year quarterback who had led the Patriots downfield after getting the ball at his 27-yard line with 46 seconds left and no timeouts.
It was clear after the game that the four-time defending American Football Conference champions weren't going to be offering concession speeches any time soon.
The fire chief of South Farmingdale, Fred Heffert, said his companies were dispatched to the site, in the vicinity of Main Street and Albers Lane, at 11:14 a.m., after the county's emergency dispatch became flooded with calls from residents who saw the blimp go down.
``He's not one of those guys who's all-everything talent-wise,'' Smith said after Dallas' 20-17 escape over Richardson and the Oilers.
Or a graduate degree?'' Soon after Michael graduated in June, the world of show business came knocking.
The Cowboys, however, generally avoid the worst atrocities after the play is dead.
``I like the guy,'' said Stich after Sunday's match.
Rosenbaum may not be around after Tuesday's primary, but he has at least told voters how he would try to revive the state's economy.
``I've already had a few ideas for game shows and they've been done after I thought of them,'' he said.
Three straight possessions by the 49ers in the second half ended with Young twice throwing interceptions and once losing a fumble after a scramble.
Those attempts ended by giving up a safety, missing a field goal, and punting after a drive that netted no yards.
The latest casualties: left guard Jesse Sapolu, who didn't play after halftime because of a pulled hamstring, and defensive end Richard Dent, who suffered a potentially serious knee injury near the end of the game.
At one point, Deese had to go out for a couple of plays after suffering a slight concussion, and he was replaced by Brian Bollinger, who was just signed last Tuesday.
Things got worse after halftime.
But after Sanders rejected offers from New Orleans and Miami, the 49ers were thrust back into the picture even though they didn't have an offer on the table.
But on that pass attempt, Oilers linebacker Eddie Robinson swatted the side of Aikman's helmet after Aikman released the ball.
I've got my fingers crossed, and I hope we can have some good words tomorrow.'' Sapolu didn't play in the second half after suffering a pulled right hamstring while blocking on a field goal attempt at the end of the first half.
There were a half-dozen other players listed with minor injuries after the game, including quarterback Steve Young, who suffered a bruised right thigh.
Others: linebacker Gary Plummer (strained right hip), punter Klaus Wilmsmeyer (bruised index finger making a tackle after a long return), tight end Brent Jones (bruised left elbow), fullback Marc Logan (right shoulder), rookie linebacker Tony Peterson (strained right shoulder).
``Luke was just phenomenal,'' Jaguars coach Roy Patton said Sunday after South Alabama defeated Stanford, 2-0.
``We finally scored some goals,'' coach Steve Negoesco said after his Dons finished the tournament in second place.
.'' Raider coach Art Shell said after his team's contribution to the local malaise, his words trailing off into the air with about the same intensity his team had shown during its dreadful performance against Seattle.
First, starting defensive end Scott Davis left the team after a fight on the practice field.
``You have a great week of practice, you come here ready to play and you lay an egg,'' Brown said in the Raiders' locker room after the game.
Worst of all, after it slipped through his fingers, it dropped directly onto a fallen Cris Dishman, who not only made the interception but got up and ran it back 38 yards to set up an Oilers field goal.
``I knew then it was going to be one of those days,'' Irvin, the Cowboys' Pro Bowl wide receiver, said Sunday evening after Dallas had struggled to a tougher-than-expected 20-17 win over the Oilers at Texas Stadium.
4 ARRESTED IN HIJACKING OF BUS BOUND FOR LAS VEGAS LOS ANGELES  (BC-BUS-JACK-LADN) Three suspected gang members and a teen-ager were arrested after Taiwanese tourists aboard a Las Vegas tour bus were hijacked and robbed of more than $30,000 in Pomona, authorities said Sunday.
The hijacking occurred after three suspects, posing as passengers, boarded the bus in Rowland Heights, about 30 miles east of downtown Los Angeles, joining 18 tourists from Taiwan and Taiwanese and Chinese residents of the San Gabriel Valley, said Sheriff's Deputy Brian Jones.
It said paramedics found him unconscious, at a location it did not identify, after he had summoned them by telephone.
``He hits the gap against other teams, but he was tentative after we put a few hits on him.
The Cowboys got a field goal after the Oilers' inexcusable performance at the end of the first half.
The agency was required to repitch the account after Power Wheels was sold by the Kransco Group Cos., San Francisco.
``I go to the sidelines after one series in the first half and there's Emmitt all excited and yelling at people, upset with what was happening,'' said guard Nate Newton.
``Then I go over after the next series and Michael is doing the yelling.
The stunning photography in ``Nature,'' the keen intelligence of ``American Playhouse,'' the best of British television on series like ``Masterpiece Theater'' and ``Mystery,'' the political courage of domestic series like ``P.O.V.'' and ``Rights and Wrongs'': all taken for granted after a season or two.
Officers Norman Cerullo and Christie Masone were shot after stopping two men on a street in Bedford-Stuyvesant early on April 2, 1978.
One incident came two years after the deaths of Cerullo and Masone, when a man opened fire on him in a building and he wounded the man.
He feels he got little support from some fellow officers or the department after his suicide attempt.
After a second-quarter melee, Seahawk tackle Ray Roberts was ejected for coming to aid of quarterback Rick Mirer, and Raiders defensive linemen Chester McGlockton and Aundray Bruce were tossed for coming after Roberts.
The Raiders already were playing without defensive end Scott Davis, who left the team after getting into a practice-field fight on Tuesday.
``I'm not surprised,'' cornerback Carlton Gray said with a shrug after compiling a team-high 11 tackles and also breaking up three passes.
``I wasn't expecting him to win, I've been saying that all week,'' trainer Randy Winick said after Brocco's first race since finishing fourth in the Kentucky Derby and later bruising a foot.
``I feel good and the horse did everything right,'' Delahoussaye said after Lykatill Hil stopped the clock in 1:34 and paid $11.20.
Corey Nakatani leads Gary Stevens by eight and Kent Desormeaux by 11 after each rode a winner.
Rodney Rash said User Friendly, 0 for 3 on U.S. turf after her third to Sandpit on Saturday, will have one more race before trying to get into the Breeders' Cup.
There had to be a few more Mirer admirers after Sunday, though he was facing a Raiders defense geared to stop Seattle's ground game.
As the Arizona Cardinals sent everyone except the dancers after New York Giants quarterback Dave Brown, he stood tough.
The Cardinals sent everything they could after Brown and the Giants, but the team didn't break.
The problem is that there is a soft underbelly to his defenses because Ryan often sends eight men after the quarterback and that sometimes leaves corners and safeties with one-on-one coverage.
First, Arizona was called for unnecessary roughness when third-string linebacker Randy Kirk clocked Jessie Armstead long after the play was whistled dead.
Our people have to let their talent come through.'' The lack of meeting challenges is threatening to become a chronic problem for the Raiders, who said much of the same things after a 30-point loss to the San Francisco 49ers in the opener.
Come to think of it, the talk of the Raiders being the class of the AFC should stop after this debacle because: -- Hostetler is struggling.
The Boeing 737-300 suddenly rolled to the left and plunged from more than a mile high, after an uneventful flight from Chicago.
The investigators said they are making a special effort to retrieve parts of the right engine to determine whether its thrust reverser, which is used to slow a plane after it lands, was inadvertently deployed.
Earlier in the day, after seeing press reports that heavily emphasized the thrust reversers, Vogt cautioned that ``there is, at this point, all too much speculation about this.'' On Saturday night he re-emphasized that ``speculating about any of this is very premature.'' The investigators will also be trying to retrieve internal mechanisms that operated the plane's rudders, because for years the rudders on Boeing 737's have been under investigation as posing potential risks.
``If you have a small number of guys playing the defensive line and they can't rotate, of course they're going to get tired,'' said end Anthony Smith, one of five defensive linemen left after the ejections.
they continued to go after him and no one else did anything .
THERE'S NO DRAMA, JUST PAIN, IN LOSS OF JESSICA TANDY  (BC-EMMY-TANDY-ROSENTHAL-LADN) Had she been awarded an Emmy only hours after she died Sunday, it would have been great drama.
The Oscar, the Emmy, the Tonys and countless other trophies that undoubtedly lined the shelves and filled the closets of the Connecticut home where she succumbed after a four-year fight with cancer were hers and hers alone.
Executive Producer David Kelley looked bemused as it sank in that his CBS show, which deals with society's toughest issues week after week with great writing and unique characters, had won the Emmy again.
As the Arizona Cardinals sent everyone except their cheerleaders after Giant quarterback Dave Brown, he stood tough.
When he took his shirt off after the game, there were literally chunks missing from his skin.
The Cardinals sent everything they could after Brown and the Giants, but the team didn't break.
The team did announce there was some internal bleeding as Hampton discovered blood in his urine after the game.
Tight end Howard Cross scored the game's first touchdown on a 1-yard catch after Sparks picked off Steve Beuerlein on the first play of the game (the extra point was missed).
Then the Cardinals took the lead after a 21-yard field goal and 2-yard Fred McAfee touchdown run.
When the Cardinals sent so many players after Brown that left their secondary in one-on-one coverage with receivers Mike Sherrard and Chris Calloway.
Stu Grimson is one of the toughest guys in the NHL, and Matt went right after him twice.
More cuts are expected after tonight's game in Vancouver.
He was replaced by Jim McMahon, who quickly led the Cardinals to a touchdown after a blocked punt and help put the Cardinals back in the game.
He missed the final 11 games of his second season after a promising rookie season in which he played in all 16.
He has announced he will leave the show after four episodes this season.
But they debut at Husky Stadium Sunday after a road start matched only once in franchise history.
A second-quarter fight, prompted after Raider linebacker Winston Moss gave prone Seahawk quarterback Rick Mirer multiple jaw noogies, cost L.A. where it was weakest.
This was, after all, the Raiders.
Greece closed an important border crossing with Albania and ordered extra troops to the frontier after an Albanian court jailed five ethnic Greeks for alleged espionage.
As a result, it seems probable that the United States will carry out its promise to ask the United Nations Security Council to lift the arms embargo on the Muslims soon after Oct.
Greece closed an important border crossing with Albania and ordered extra troops to the frontier after an Albanian court jailed five ethnic Greeks for alleged espionage.
As a result, it seems probable that the United States will carry out its promise to ask the United Nations Security Council to lift the arms embargo on the Muslims soon after Oct.
``Kids complicate our financial picture, and funding college is an incredible expense,'' Earle said, ``but both of us have benefited from higher education, so we made saving for college the highest priority after paying the bills.'' They are setting aside $10,000 a year for Elizabeth, 2, and Thomas, 3 months, with the objective of financing their children's education within about eight years.
But what emerged was the impression that the Pope, 74, increasingly frail after a series of accidents and illnesses, senses that the vision must be pursued with increasing stridency -- and at virtually all costs -- as time runs out on Christianity's second millennium.
For all the power the Polish pope showed in his confrontations with communism, he has been powerless to confront the maelstrom of nationalist and religious passions unleashed after the demise of that ideological enemy.
An Egyptian province banned dishes last spring after the governor complained that the local furniture industry was dying because ``the workers are stuck in front of the sex scenes coming off the dish.'' Yet governments that try to shut down satellite technology are often finding themselves outwitted by determined viewers, a problem that will only get worse for repressive rulers as satellite dishes grow smaller, more powerful and cheaper.
Murdoch, who paid $525 million for control of Star, made few friends in Beijing when he announced shortly after the purchase that new technology ``posed an unambiguous threat to totalitarian regimes.'' The Chinese decree against satellite television banned virtually all private satellite dishes, estimated to number in the hundreds of thousands.
And the best the TV highlights could offer last week was a minor league clip of some rookie on a bench suddenly leaping about the dugout after a teammate snuck a hotfoot onto his cleats.
It would have been truly poetic if, at the overdue Hall of Fame induction ceremony for Leo Durocher, three years after he died, survivors had actually carried out The Lip's resentful rebuff to the game's industrial brahmins from his baseball-proud competitor's heart: ``I want you to turn it down for me posthumously.'' What could David Halberstam add?
In 1988, soon after getting her master's at Cornell University, she was one of thousands to apply for a teaching job in New York City.
There was a brief time after her birth when she could not see, and she wore corrective shoes as a child because one leg was shorter than the other.
Thirty-four years after they started leaving, most Cuban-Americans lead daily lives immersed in the American here and now.
They see life in Cuba, even after Castro, as a struggle.
The first three people to hold the top staff job after the organization was formed in 1909 were women, a remarkably progressive record for the early years of the century.
Dr. Carl Morris, chairman of the statistics department at Harvard University, said it is not easy to calculate, after the fact, whether something is a coincidence.
Often, he said, statisticians find that seemingly unusual events are not so unexpected after all.
That president was branded a social-issues liberal after unwittingly elevating the rights of gay servicemen to the first issue of his presidency, and a free-spending liberal after making a $20 billion ``stimulus'' of new federal programs, financed by deficit spending, his first economic issue.
Most recently, he was branded a big-government liberal after casting his proposal to overhaul health care as a new federal ``right'' to be insured against sickness, even at added taxpayer expense.
If Panetta's managerial skill and insider savvy turn out to be as billed, and Clinton completes his sophomore year with a string of Democratic victories in foreign and domestic policy, the White House could recapture the whiz-kid aura it showed off just a year ago, after the president rammed a budget and NAFTA and a measure to shrink the bureaucracy through Congress in rapid order.
If all goes well after three years, Rabin said, further withdrawals would be negotiated.
The report cited nearly $1.2 million in telephone bills, generous rent subsidies to servants, and about $400,000 in royal water bills (although the London water utility later rebated about $120,000 after confessing it had misread royal water meters).
After acquiescing in the school's request never to enroll in another science course, I was allowed to graduate with a gentleman's C, a grade the professors settled on after one pointed out that a failure would encourage me to come back.
Year after year, dozens of employees are arrested for taking bribes or related crimes.
The mentality of this organization leaves a lot to be desired.'' Ruth Anne Myers worked for the immigration service for 33 years, and in June, just four days after she retired as director of the Phoenix office, she reflected on the agency's latest budget crisis.
Only two other Senate subcommittees are as unpopular -- the one that oversees the federal deficit and the one that looks after the IRS.
``In the current climate,'' she said, ``I don't think we can continue to get by with some of these chronic and traditional behaviors.'' Ms. Meissner was a senior manager at the INS in the early 1980s and after that worked as an immigration expert at a research institute in Washington.
Guidelines forbidding the acceptance of gratuities were finally issued only after a reporter asked about them this summer.
 (BC-IMMIGRATE-I-4THTAKE-NYT) THE MONEY: Millions Owing, No One to Collect Year after year, budget crises ripple through the INS The agency repeatedly overestimates the fees it will collect from immigrants and visitors, fails to plan for the inevitable immigration emergencies, then loses track of much of the money it does have.
Critical audit after critical audit has landed on his desk.
``This kind of thing goes on year after year, but nobody's ever held accountable,'' she said, her voice rising with anger.
This, after all, is a town where more than 500 residents race in a highly competitive weekly mountain-bike series and dozens of superfit men and women juggle professional bike-racing careers in the summer and professional mogul skiing in winter.
``It's like boot camp here,'' said Annegret Howe, a nutritionist at the Vail Valley Medical Center who quit the ski classes after a few weeks.
Another took her first $100 bribe one month after starting work.
``There is still a lot of resistance -- and for good reasons.'' Many in Parliament, after all, suffered imprisonment, torture, exile and the death of loved ones at the hands of the party that now shares power.
Afternoon: Preserving Health, Unmasking Stealth The surgeon general briefs Mandela after lunch on the military medical system available to treat him in the event of an emergency.
Depending on their illnesses, workers are taken by bus to prophylaxis centers after work, where they spend the night, and then are sent back to work -- a way of dispensing treatment without losing productivity.
Above the gymnasium, there is a billiard room, a disco and a bar with a professional bartender on duty every night after 6 p.m. Smoking is frowned on, but not much.
Last month, after their headquarters strategy session, Johnson and two carloads of organizers from the Authentic Workers Front descended on the G.E. plant in Zaragoza, a border suburb of Juarez, for the afternoon shift change.
Greece closed an important border crossing with Albania and ordered extra troops to the frontier after an Albanian court jailed five ethnic Greeks for alleged espionage.
As a result, it seems probable that the United States will carry out its promise to ask the United Nations Security Council to lift the arms embargo on the Muslims soon after Oct.
Greece closed an important border crossing with Albania and ordered extra troops to the frontier after an Albanian court jailed five ethnic Greeks for alleged espionage.
As a result, it seems probable that the United States will carry out its promise to ask the United Nations Security Council to lift the arms embargo on the Muslims soon after Oct.
Africa, unlike Europe, has bred only one state through secession since colonial days: Eritrea, which divorced Ethiopia last year after a 30-year guerrilla war and a referendum that demonstrated overwhelming support.
Africa, unlike Europe, has bred only one state through secession since colonial days: Eritrea, which divorced Ethiopia last year after a 30-year guerrilla war and a referendum that demonstrated overwhelming support.
What they like less are crime, welfare and immigration: issues which, as it turns out, are playing a central role in state after state, and which tend to favor Republicans.
That in hand, he has gone after two villains in the bush: violent criminals and illegal aliens.
What they like less are crime, welfare and immigration: issues which, as it turns out, are playing a central role in state after state, and which tend to favor Republicans.
That in hand, he has gone after two villains in the bush: violent criminals and illegal aliens.
What they like less are crime, welfare and immigration: issues which, as it turns out, are playing a central role in state after state, and which tend to favor Republicans.
That in hand, he has gone after two villains in the bush: violent criminals and illegal aliens.
And managers caught up in the multimedia revolution may be right to argue that, if they do nothing, their firms will soon be as redundant as blacksmiths after the invention of the automobile.
And managers caught up in the multimedia revolution may be right to argue that, if they do nothing, their firms will soon be as redundant as blacksmiths after the invention of the automobile.
And managers caught up in the multimedia revolution may be right to argue that, if they do nothing, their firms will soon be as redundant as blacksmiths after the invention of the automobile.
The Japanese, awarded the Palaus from Germany after World War I, turn Peleliu into a forward military base.
Russell Davis, who serves under Puller, writes a book after the war because his three sons ask him to.
Unfortunately, the test E300, which arrived with about 1,500 miles on it, lost all electrical power after a 15-minute sit following a 15-mile trip.
Unfortunately, the test E300, which arrived with about 1,500 miles on it, lost all electrical power after a 15-minute sit following a 15-mile trip.
Get away from it, or you're history.''(UNITAL) (In Atlanta, a 76-year-old minister last year was sentenced to life in prison for fatally shooting his neighbor after the man's lawn mower blew grass clippings onto his driveway.) As ironic as it is, the pursuit of beauty and perfection through growing gardens and grass has long made people strange, if not homicidal.
That December, Nobis, arguably the best Longhorn ever, had decided to retire after an 11-year career with the Atlanta Falcons.
Sometimes he would leave the room for awhile after using the word.
17, 1974, after Secret Service agents fired at the helicopter as it hovered over the lawn.
Soon after starting his flight, Preston landed in the parking lot at a nearby polka hall, Blob's Park, in Jessup, Md., bought a six pack of beer and took off again.
He struck the cast-iron ceiling of what he called the owners' ``good-old-boy circle.'' Aguirre, unlike so many others, discovered life after baseball.
``When I was playing, after every season ended I'd get a job, go to work for somebody for the winter and then report back to the ballclub in time for spring training.
Before Christmas, after several carjackings, possemen on horseback paraded in local shopping malls, escorting shoppers from store to store.
In a lockout that affected 82,000 students, school officials postponed the scheduled start of school this week after a judge concluded that 49 of the city's 164 schools did not have proper fire safeguards.
The action came three months after the judge had ordered officials to meet fire safety standards, and five years after a parents' group issued a report documenting 11,000 fire code violations.
Medlar, who lives in Lubbock, Texas, embarassed Cisneros with a lawsuit in late July, alleging he broke a promise to give her financial support after their affair ended five years ago.
I feel like a bum after going through all this,'' Cisneros says in an ``Inside Edition'' interview, according to a transcript provided by the show.
``I mean it was like I didn't exist.'' When Cisneros in 1989 -- after living briefly with Medlar -- returned to his wife, Medlar was left alone with her 11-year-old daughter.
According to ``Inside Edition,'' Medlar says the payments abruptly stopped after December 1993, when Cisneros was being considered for a Cabinet position.
5, 1993 -- long after Cisneros returned to his wife, Mary Ann -- is laced with professions of love for Medlar.
I keep thinking of how wonderful it would be and whether people would understand if, after all is said and done, I said, `Well, this is the woman I've always loved and I want to be with her.''' But both Cisneros and Medlar indicated in their interviews with ``Inside Edition'' that those warm feelings are a thing of the past.
According to ``Inside Edition,'' Medlar says the payments abruptly stopped after December 1993, when Cisneros was being considered for a Cabinet position.
5, 1993 -- long after Cisneros returned to his wife, Mary Ann -- is laced with professions of love for Medlar.
I keep thinking of how wonderful it would be and whether people would understand if, after all is said and done, I said, `Well, this is the woman I've always loved and I want to be with her.''' But both Cisneros and Medlar indicated in their interviews with ``Inside Edition'' that those warm feelings are a thing of the past.
The federal government's revenues went up, not down, after Reagan cut tax rates for everybody, but especially at the top end.
When legislators go looking for revenue, they concentrate on hotels and auto rentals on the basis that taxes in these two areas will affect only visitors, not people likely to get after their elected officials about being taxed to death, according to Richard A.
We need to care about college students because this is usually their first exposure (to credit).'' Harwood said kids don't understand that a college transcript isn't the only thing that follows them after they leave school.
It's about a group of brothers and sisters who desperately try to stay together after their parents are killed.
In the buildings where many of you work, computers running DOS and Windows probably dominate floor after floor.
The embassy report put it this way: ``Exercise caution when returning home by foot, metro or car after social drinking.
Then, after three outs, the hunted becomes the hunter.
Then, after three outs, the hunted becomes the hunter.
Looking uncharacteristically macho, the pop superstar held the arm of his new wife, Lisa Marie Presley-Jackson, and after coyly noting that ``nobody thought this would last,'' kissed her in a passionate embrace.
John Kelly after four episodes.
Jimmy Smits, as Sipowicz's new partner, arrives in the fifth as a detective who wants to get back to the streets after working a special detail for a big-wig.
Amy Brenneman is leaving the show, so policewoman Janice Licalsi will be gone after the second episode.
Brian is distraught after being dumped by 'copter pilot Alex (Farrah Forke), who has left the series.
Joining the cast is Amy Yasbeck as Casey Davenport, Helen's older sister who moves to Massachusetts after her ``perfect'' life and marriage fall apart.
Yet trade dropped this year, after new customs tariffs and border restrictions stripped the gilding from a commercial lily that bloomed across the Russian-Chinese border in the early 1990s.
``These (trade) restrictions are being canceled step by step,'' Polevanov, 44, said in an interview after the summit ended.
Half a century after Russia regained control of the southern Far East in the mid-1800s, a new invasion of Chinese merchants rippled over the region, building a Chinatown in Vladivostok and controlling much of the commerce.
This time Russia's relaxation of border restrictions and encouragement of commerce, beginning in 1988, made China its number two trade partner last year after Germany with trade valued at $7.7 billion.
However, her attorney, David Martin, said after a presentencing hearing Monday that she will likely receive a lighter sentence because she cooperated with authorities.
But after she showed them a video of the work she was doing, the guerrillas released her.
``Everyone who was left out there took off this morning.'' 	Three days after the United States and Cuba signed an agreement in New York to try to end the exodus, the circus-like atmosphere of the beach moved to the streets around the American diplomatic mission in Havana, where hundreds of Cubans came seeking one of the 20,000 or more immigrant visas that the United States is now to issue each year.
A month and a half after they survived the mass exodus from Rwanda and the cholera epidemics that killed more than 50,000 people, the refugees finally have enough food and water.
Their characters' waking nightmare is the audience's reward, for Lange and Jones deliver the finest performances of their impressive careers in ``Blue Sky.'' The film's belated arrival this weekend makes a satisfying crowning touch for the career of director Richardson, who died shortly after its completion in 1991.
The marital conflict coincides with Hank's own growing realization that he no longer believes in his work -- especially not, after a crisis of conscience strikes him during a remote test of atomic weaponry.
It's definitely preferable to getting in that crap every day.'' Lansco was founded in 1985 by Charles Landry and his son, Ken, after they left the Houston-based oil and environmental services firm Serv-Tech.
Many of those whales had been killed after the worldwide ban on hunting humpbacks had gone into effect.
	The victim, identified only as a 31-year-old man from Germany, was taken to Lincoln Hospital in the Bronx, where he was in stable condition, after the boat made an emergency docking at Roberto Clemente State Park.
It has, after all, consistently opposed the evolution in women's roles essential to checking the population growth which underlies the environmental and social woes of the late 20th century.
`Let him up long enough to tell his side of the story.'' Maybe it's time for a name change at Los Angeles County's Citizens Economy and Efficiency Commission after last week's less-than-efficient-and-economic performance.
We are the Economy and Efficiency Commission, after all.'' Despite nods of agreement, the commission took 12 more minutes before coming to a decision on whether to rebid a consultant's contract.
The morning after would truly be a new day, with fresh delectable dishes to be sampled as we partook of the outer limits of the world's culinary cultures.
According to court records, Jones began stealing the embassy cables for her own private reading shortly after arriving in Washington in 1989 and becoming more aware of her own African heritage.
John Kelly will be gone after the fourth episode, replaced in the fifth by a new role played by Jimmy Smits (``L.A. Law'').
Franz said he wanted to ``wrap my arms around everyone in the auditorium and give them a big hug and a kiss.'' ``I've got a lot of friends, it appears,'' he added, ``and they were glad for me and I was touched by it.'' He said he finally encountered ``NYPD Blue'' creator Steven Bochco about 2{ hours after he received the Emmy.
The funding for the position of conductor-in-training rotates among Australia's orchestras; after a year under principal conductor Jorge Mester in Perth, Spigelman moved to the Queensland Symphony Orchestra and conductor Muhai Tang in Brisbane.
I saw her selling tickets, and had to go talk to her.'' Lisa Tang Spigelman, an Australian of Chinese descent, will move to Fort Worth in December after finishing her business degree in Australia.
Even Austinites, who at first thought the area far too rural to be of much interest, had to admit Lakeway was chic, especially after astronaut Alan Shepard built a modern stone-and-glass house in the area.
All offer lodging and food, as well as activities that may include swimming, tennis, water sports, horseback riding, hayrides, exercise equipment for working up a sweat and spa services for relaxing after you do.
Henry's mother, Pauline, remarried after the death of her first husband.
In Mallon's fictional portrayals, Henry is a sarcastic, likable lout who shows little ambition after graduation.
``Now everyone thinks the pill is the most wonderful thing, and we're so lucky to have it, but it did have a lot of problems when it first came out.'' Only after more research and development were the pill's side effects controlled and minimized, Butcher says.
De Leon, for one, became so worried after hearing of the complications blamed on Norplant that she wanted the device removed even though she'd suffered no serious side effects.
SEASON TEETERING ON BRINK OF OBLIVION NEW YORK  (BC-BBO-LABOR-300-add-NYT) One month after they shut down their game, major league club owners and players stood as far apart as ever Monday, leaving the remainder of the season and the World Series teetering on the brink of oblivion.
It's all pretense.'' On the 32d day of the players strike, the two sides did not meet with each other for the second successive day after a flurry of bargaining sessions in the latter half of last week.
Players and others have speculated that they would not change their proposal because they then would be unable to implement the salary cap after declaring an impasse in negotiations, a step they are expected to take probably next month.
Federal officials made a similar reappraisal in 1974 after a disgruntled 20-year-old Army private, Robert Preston, hijacked a helicopter from Fort Meade, Md., and landed it just a few yards from where the Cessna crashed Monday.
But none of these efforts stopped the flight of Frank Eugene Corder, a man with a history of alcohol abuse and an arrest record, who was declared dead shortly after he was pulled out of the crumpled wreckage of his lightweight plane.
This extraordinary insight had come well after a July midnight, or as I thought of it afterward, the pitching hour, in faraway Baltimore.
The virtual version of Networld + Interop, which will be called N+I Online, will open several days before and stay open several days after its physical counterpart.
The idea is that a white blood cell has a BCL2 mutation that prevents it from dying after its usual life span of a few weeks.
The Islanders' 12th choice in the 1989 entry draft at a time when there was still a question of whether players in the former Soviet Union would be allowed to play in the National Hockey League, Malakhov was named to the National Hockey League all-rookie team after the 1992-93 season, when he scored 14 goals and had 52 points in 64 games.
``It's too long,'' he said after practice here.
Here are the most common explanations offered by coaches and swimmers for this low-water mark: --A large number of American champions opted for retirement after the last Olympics.
The look on his face is similar to that of the fashion insiders who have watched Ms. Westwood throughout her career, one brave step after another.
St. Sing found Keppler guilty after the nurse said she could not cite any prior rulings by appellate courts that upheld that defense.
Ms. Young said the carrier had no statistics on cancellations, but said the number between last Thursday and Sunday -- when USAir offered a full refund even for nonrefundable tickets on all its routes -- ``was about what you'd expect after a major accident.'' She added that cancellations slowed on Monday, ``but more important, people who canceled are calling back and rebooking.'' Industry experts say that increased cancellations usually last from three days to three weeks after a crash.
Corder also noted that his brother had expressed admiration for another unconventional pilot, Mathias Rust, the 19-year-old German who landed a Cessna 172 in Moscow's Red Square on May 29, 1987, after a low-level flight from neighboring Finland.
The experts also say that Bangladesh made a major commitment to promoting birth control early on, immediately after its independence in 1971, when the government said that ``no civilized measure would be too drastic'' to keep the population, then 80 million, from rising beyond 150 million.
The study showed that from 1975 to 1990 -- the decade and a half after the government established a national family planning program -- the average number of births for each woman of child-bearing age, defined as between 15 and 49, declined from 7 to 4.5. By 1993, according to more recent government figures, the average number of births had declined still further, to slightly more than four, about double what will be required if the population is to stabilize at around 250 million between the year 2030 and the middle of the next century, as officials here hope.
Even this will mean that a country that is already listed as the second most densely-populated territory on Earth, after Hong Kong, will somehow have to find space for a population twice as large again.
He died after he jumped from a cliff into the water to swim and hit his head on the rocks below, said Army Major Rick Thomas, a spokesman for the multiservice force that is running the refugee operation.
The rules were set up several years ago, after complaints that justice was meted out unfairly in the federal courts.
At one point, a camera crew dogged Reno through the Capitol after a congressional hearing.
The commission also went after Mexico's biggest company, the state-owned Pemex, whose oil monopoly is based on a clause in the nation's Constitution that leaves the Levy argued that the Constitution did not cover the sale of gasoline.
Even after adding to the note, their debt of about $240,000 was just one-third of the farm's value, not so worrisome.
The good news for the Giants is that the team has a bye week after the Washington game and it is possible Hampton could return in time for the New Orleans contest on Oct.
He was taken to the hospital soon after that.
Jim Courier terminated his early retirement and insisted the Open was too important to boycott, but right after a loss in the second round, off he went on yet another ``tennis causes heartburn and burnout'' jag.
``Wow,'' was the first syllable out of Agassi's mouth after he pounded fourth-seeded Michael Stich off the Stadium Court in straight sun-dappled sets when the Open concluded its Indian Summer heyday on Sunday afternoon.
``Wow,'' said Michael Chang, Todd Martin, and Stich after the then-20th and now 9th-ranked Agassi played his mistake-free if not gimmick-free tennis at their expense.
``Wow,'' said Brooke Shields, who stood by her man throughout the proceedings and then gave her own adulatory news conference after Agassi worked an SRO audience during his.
It was, after a tremulous buildup, a tremendous Open after all; even the weather was smiling.
The events at the Tailhook convention, named after the hook on Navy jets that catches cables as the aircraft lands on carriers, and the subsequent inquiries badly tarnished the Navy's reputation and forced the resignation of Navy Secretary H.
On Friday, after months of looking for inflation and not finding it, traders were surprised to find clear evidence of inflation, at least, in producer prices.
Of the 500 component stocks that make up the S&P 500, 296 stocks fell, led by AT&T, which dropped |, to 53\, after the rival MCI Communications introduced new computer software to provide electronic mail and other services.
The Giants say Arizona defensive players were doing things like purposely poking New York's offensive players in the eye while they were on the ground, pinned underneath a pile of bodies after a tackle was made, and punching them under the chin while they were trying to make a block.
By beating the Cardinals, by taking wave after wave of their blitz and still standing tough, the Giants proved they could battle Buddy Ryan and win.
Players like safety Andre Waters, who played with Ryan in Philadelphia and is now with the Cardinals, was not liked by many players around the league because of his reputation as someone who went after another player's knees.
``Everyone who was left out there took off this morning.'' Three days after the United States and Cuba signed an agreement to try to halt the exodus, the circus atmosphere of the beaches moved to the streets around the American diplomatic mission in Havana, where hundreds of Cubans came seeking one of the at least 20,000 immigrant visas that the United States has agreed to issue each year.
Early on Monday morning, a long line formed a few blocks from the mission after would-be emigrants took it upon themselves to make a list of those wanting visas.
Caridad Fortun began trying to tell her story to a reporter, but she seemed to be struggling to speak and after a moment she fell silent and looked away.
At one point, a bag of family possessions went overboard and Caridad's husband dove after it, Aisa said.
``She yells in her sleep.'' Reflecting the hundreds of people who rushed to embark immediately after the accord was announced, the U.S. Coast Guard reported that its ships patrolling off the Cuban coast picked up 1,004 Cubans from rafts on Sunday, an increase from 551 on Saturday and 177 on Friday.
On Monday, however, the number fell sharply again, with only 230 people rescued by 6 p.m. At Ricon de Guanabo, a beach about 25 miles east of Havana that was scattered with the wrecks of several vessels that had not been able to overcome the strong currents leading into the Florida Straits, Marta Santos, 44, sat on the rocks with a group of dejected friends after the small motor on their raft had failed and they had been pushed back to shore.
I will go again, even if I have to go to Haiti.'' Shortly after noon, an Interior Ministry officer on the beach told members of the group that they would not be allowed another try.
It was the first settlement on the heights, created barely a month after Israel's victory in the 1967 war, and Harel has watched as children and grandchildren were born there.
Christopher portrayed those commitments as a ``strong indication of the resolve of the international community to join us in seeking the restoration of democracy in Haiti.'' But other senior officials acknowledged that the non-American personnel would constitute only a tiny fraction of the overall invasion force and that most of them would be sent to Haiti after the arrival of the initial invasion force.
``A lot of people have been punished,'' for collaboration with the Germans Mitterrand asserted, saying that 127,000 cases of collaboration were pressed against individuals here after the war.
If chaos will be the operative word ascribed to the days immediately after the death of the season, it will apply tenfold to such spring training scenarios.
Then, in 1989, after a bureaucratic slip-up, the Immigration and Naturalization Service lost track of Garza altogether, sticking his bulging case file into a drawer stuffed with lost causes.
All the agency knows for sure is that federal and state prisons hold about 90,000 foreign-born inmates and that most of them are deportable after they complete their sentences.
Immigration officials say most are able to evade the system because the agency does not have the resources to go after them.
Each time Garza returned, he fell into the agency's net only after he landed back in prison.
One day after saying he would keep Steve Beuerlein as his starter after his second dismal outing, Ryan Monday officially opened up the quarterback job for Cardinals next opponent, the Cleveland Browns.
``Not win friends and influence.'' He arrived in town with a sterling proclamation: ``You've got yourselves a winner.'' Season ticket sales doubled to 50,000 after Ryan left his position as Houston's defensive coordinator to become head coach of one of the National Football League's biggest money losers.
As they prepared to go after the Nicaraguan, Elias Yankobich, they downed coffee, and the caffeine mingled with a surge of adrenaline.
Only 40 percent said they approved of Clinton's handling of the health care issue, down 12 percentage points from his rating after he formally unveiled his plan last September.
And Dole, a potential rival in 1996, now has a more negative image after a year of partisan warfare, largely because of movement among Democrats.
EX-BULL IS IN LIMBO IN BID TO JOIN THE MAGIC  (BC-BKN-GRANT-CONTRACT-475&ADD-NYT) A year after he upheld a contract with a controversial opt-out clause that allowed Chris Dudley and the Portland Trail Blazers to make a multimillion-dollar mockery of the National Basketball Association salary cap, a federal judge served notice Monday that as a cap-breaker the one-year opt-out could prove to be a one-year aberration.
Although giving what amounted to pro-forma approval of follow-up contracts signed this summer by Dudley and two other players who had signed opt-out contracts last year, Debevoise balked at giving carte blanche approval of multiyear contracts that allow players to declare themselves free agents after one year.
That was far less than the Nets had offered but the most the Trail Blazers could pay under the team's salary cap, while allowing him to declare himself a free agent after one season.
But Kesser refused to give him instruction after hearing from a state trooper that Corder had been ``busted for drugs.'' State court records show that Frank Corder was arrested in October 1993 on two drug charges.
Kesser said the Cessna aircraft was taken from the airport here some time after 8:30 p.m. on Sunday, when Kesser left the site.
Corder was released from active duty after nine months, in July 1975.
And it can be tougher to get up after such an emotional game.
THREE BIG EIGHT TEAMS ALREADY FEELING HEAT KANSAS CITY, Mo.  (BC-FBC-BIGEIGHT-KAN) It's hard to believe, but it's already crunch time for three Big Eight football teams: -- Iowa State is 0-2 after losses to Northern Iowa and Iowa.
He promises a week of intense practices to determine Saturday's starters after last week's 42-0 embarrassment at Illinois.
The most recent of these breakfast meetings occurred last Thursday, the day after Clinton returned from his vacation.
Everett Goodwin, former pastor of the First Baptist Church of Washington, said that Clinton had ``talked about the need to stop demonizing the people we disagree with, and who demonize us.'' The White House began the gatherings a year ago, the day after Clinton returned from his first vacation on Martha's Vineyard.
Even after North won the state Republican nomination in June, Dole hesitated to endorse the former Marine lieutenant colonel and met first with Coleman.
But he was such a reluctant backer that his aides refused to let the two be photographed together after they met early this summer over the endorsement.
On Monday, after the deal was announced, Borden gained $2 a share, to close at $13.625, on the New York Stock Exchange.
RJR Nabisco announced that after Kohlberg, Kravis's acquisition of Borden, it would acquire a 20 percent interest in Borden and would get several seats on Borden's board.
It's a sad commentary on how management can bring a once-great corporation to its knees.'' Some Borden stockholders had been worried about a possible bankruptcy of the company, after it posted restructuring charges of close to $1 billion in 1992 and 1993.
In December, after the resignation of D'Amato, the board asked Lazard to find a buyer for Borden.
Meyer said the Secret Service moved in on the plane immediately after the crash to check for explosives or other weapons.
GERMAN TOURIST ON N.Y. SIGHTSEEING BOAT IS WOUNDED BY SNIPER NEW YORK  (BC-NY-TOURIST-SHOT-NYT) A sightseeing boat cruising along the Harlem River between Manhattan and the Bronx came under gunfire on Monday as a German tourist was shot through the shoulder on the open upper deck and alarmed passengers heard two or three more shots after the boat reached the Bronx shore for help.
The tourist, identified as Rolf Bolowski, a 31-year-old postal worker from Hamburg, was knocked to the deck as the Circle Line boat moved north in the Harlem River just after the cruise passed under the Washington Bridge at 181st Street, off the Inwood shore of Manhattan.
``This shouldn't happen when you come here.'' Back on the boat, some passengers reported hearing additional shots several minutes after the cruise had reached shore.
``There was one shot when the man was hit and then three others.'' Some passengers, admitting to loose time estimates in the confusion, thought the additional shots were heard as much as 10 minutes after the initial wounding as the boat was tied up at the Bronx shore and the police arrived.
Less than six hours after the crash, Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen, the senior official overseeing the Secret Service, announced an internal investigation to re-evaluate the plans for protecting the president from such attacks.
Houk, one of the government's top environmental health specialists, who raised a scientific and political furor by declaring three years ago that it had been a mistake to evacuate Times Beach., Mo., in 1982 after fears were raised about the chemical dioxin, died Sunday in Atlanta after a long illness.
Trying to illustrate details after the area was sealed off by the Secret Service, a White House spokesman, Arthur Jones, borrowed a $20 bill to point out on its back side the reproduction of the South Portico just where the Cessna had crashed.
One morning, after a report that a man had been arrested and charged with threatening to kill him, Clinton left the White House for his daily jog wearing a shirt promoting ``In the Line of Fire,'' a movie about a psychopath who plots to murder the president.
The buyout firm insisted that would be no immediate sale of Borden's units or a merger with RJR Nabisco after the proposed acquisition.
	The dollar fell sharply against the British pound after Bank of England increased its base rate for short-term lending.
The expansion -- tenfold in the number of stores in New England -- positions Jean Coutu better to compete with the dominant drugstore chains in the region, the Rite Aid Corp., which will operate 235 stores in New England after completing its purchase of 72 LaVerdiere Enterprises, Inc.
``But there was no structural damage, just a good shaking.'' Within minutes after the quake touched off alarm signals at the University of Nevada's seismology department in Reno, teams of scientists moved out to install portable seismographs around the epicenter to record the quake's aftershocks and pinpoint its precise location and depth.
Philadelphia Eagles great Chuck Bednarik comes across as dangerously insane when he recalls football in the years after World War II.
But after watching ``75 Seasons,'' I think Cal Coolidge might have had it right back in the 1920s.
TV PROJECTIONS PUT SEPARATISTS AHEAD IN QUEBEC ELECTIONS QUEBEC  (BC-QUEBEC-ELN-350&ADDS-NYT) This province of 7 million, Canada's largest in land area and second-largest in population after Ontario, appeared on Monday to have elected a government dedicated to making Quebec a new North American republic.
Philadelphia Eagles great Chuck Bednarik comes across as dangerously insane when he recalls football in the years after World War II.
But after watching ``75 Seasons,'' I think Cal Coolidge might have had it right back in the 1920s.
``We're after Mr. and Mrs.
Busloads of senior citizens come from all over the country and are joined after school is out by vans full of families seeking ``good clean fun'' at affordable prices.
WHY HOUSTON HAS A BEEF The Oilers have not formally complained to the league about the hit that Dallas defensive end Charles Haley delivered to quarterback Bucky Richardson after the whistle blew to stop play in the third quarter of Sunday's game at Texas Stadium.
In the fourth quarter, Oilers linebacker Ed Robinson was penalized for roughing after he hit quarterback Troy Aikman on the side of the helmet.
He has popped up on TV at one game after another -- in some really tacky suits, if you want one opinion -- suggesting that he is just about to sign with Miami, Atlanta ``or the 49ers.'' The 49ers keep saying it looks unlikely, but Sanders keeps ringing that bell.
Sanders is the guy who made getting dressed after a game a media event.
The officials didn't see the replay until after the game.'' This is the third time in a year the Big Ten admitted mistakes have altered the outcome of games.
Yesterday, the conference called the Mitchell touchdown ``an obvious error in judgment,'' and said, ``The Wildcats should have been awarded possession.'' Told of the Big Ten's announcement, Stanford head coach Bill Walsh said, ``There were two criticial errors of judgement in the game -- Mike Mitchell's touchdown and Steve Stenstrom's fumble.'' In mentioning the second error, Walsh was referring to a play in the middle of the second quarter in which Stenstrom lost the ball after he had at first attempted to pass, but seemed to think better of it and appeared to stop his motion.
Debevoise, after hearing arguments in a 90-minute session in his Newark, N.J., courtroom, also ruled that old contracts with ``one-year outs,'' such as the $74.4 million, 15-year contract signed last year by Warriors forward Chris Webber, will be allowed to stand.
In a telephone interview shortly after the ruling was handed down, Granik said the league will bring a formal court challenge to Grant's contract as early as this week.
Moreover, there is yet another potential problem for the Warriors, in that the $950,000 slot, which was given to them by the league to compensate for the year-long knee injury to Sarunas Marciulionis, becomes void on September 26, which is one year after the ``exception slot'' was given to the team.
Seifert said the knee would be examined six weeks after surgery to determine if and when the 34-year-old Dent, in his 12th NFL season, could play again.
Hawaii changed starting quarterbacks after its opening loss, benching Rodney Glover, a junior from San Francisco's Riordan High and a nephew of actor Danny Glover, for sophomore Randy Freitas.
Democrats, including the governor, acknowledged Monday that they would have preferred facing Bush after a Republican runoff.
``He made some good saves when we needed them,'' Lemaire said after Sidorkiewicz allowed two goals on 24 shots.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) ``I'm happy with the way I've played,'' Sidorkiewicz said after the game against the Flyers.
The judges said they would redraw the district lines themselves in time for the election, but appeals were expected to be filed quickly in an effort to bar any redrawing of boundaries until after the vote.
The ruling was patterned after a U.S. Supreme Court decision in 1993 questioning the constitutionality of oddly-shaped, black-majority congressional districts.
Debevoise, after hearing arguments in a 90-minute session in his Newark, N.J., courtroom, also ruled that old contracts with ``one-year outs,'' such as the $74.4 million, 15-year contract signed last year by Warriors forward Chris Webber, will be allowed to stand.
In a telephone interview shortly after the ruling was handed down, Granik said the league will bring a formal court challenge to Grant's contract as early as this week.
Moreover, there is yet another potential problem for the Warriors, in that the $950,000 slot, which was given to them by the league to compensate for the year-long knee injury to Sarunas Marciulionis, becomes void on September 26, which is one year after the ``exception slot'' was given to the team.
He died after a long struggle with pancreatic cancer, his family said.
``It's important to get a strong draw.'' Sales for the mall decreased by as much as 12 percent in the first two months after I.
Cuomo's commercial criticizes Pataki for failing to take a stand on the federal crime bill until after it passed, when he said he favored it.
The cause of death was complications after a fall and surgery, her family said.
If you're a defensive player from USC, and all you hear is the loud rumble of running backs going by, and feel the rocking caused by thousands of fans celebrating touchdown after touchdown, you start to recall that your high school geology teacher once mentioned that there are fault lines in the East, too.
Shamsid-Deen said he was transferred 17 times in seven years -- to Attica, Auburn, Great Meadow, Sing Sing, Elmira, Green Haven and other prisons, often soon after his arrival or after filing complaints or suits, and was placed in segregation on many days because of his reputation for asserting his rights as a Muslim and for counseling inmates and filing grievances and lawsuits.
Sanka was introduced in the United States 11 years after Ludwig Roselius, who developed a process for decaffeinating coffee in 1900, began selling it in Europe.
In 1982, the actor Robert Young, who praised Sanka in the avuncular tones he used in his television role as ``Marcus Welby, M.D.,'' gave up his pitchman's role after six years.
	Judy Lynn Prince, a Mobil spokesman in Fairfax, Va., confirmed a report in Adweek that the review had been narrowed to Grace & Rothschild and Messner Vetere Berger McNamee Schmetterer Euro RSCG, both in New York, after the elimination of four other undisclosed agencies.
And the upper bay is a great place to sail.'' The club's renewed vitality comes after a decadelong slumber induced in part by the loss in 1983 of the America's Cup.
``Being a true freshman, I have to concentrate on my technique and get prepared for Nebraska, the team.'' Stokes, who wasn't available for comment after the SMU game, said team doctors made the decision that he wouldn't play.
It is deployed several seconds after landing to help slow down the jet.
``It would a redundant third locking device.'' The FAA's review of the 737, unrelated to last week's USAir tragedy, is part of a program that began with the evaluation of systems on Boeing's 767, 757 and 747-400 models after the May 1991 crash of a 767 in Thailand, in which 223 people died.
That plane, operated by Lauda Air of Austria, went out of control when the thrust reverser on its left engine was activated after take-off.
The 24 new magnets were added in May after district magnet applications were published and distributed to parents.
Taft High School -- which had 600 openings, the highest in the district -- will have several students left on a waiting list after those openings are filled, said principal Ronald Berz.
She selected it for her 6-year-old daughter, Tina, because ``it is well-known as an excellent school.'' Van Gogh relocated after the earthquake at Frost Middle School, just four miles from their Granada Hills school site.
A thrust reverser, normally used to slow a plane after it lands, diverts a jet's blast sideways, creating a powerful braking effect.
Williams acknowledged that the decision comes after a long period of concern voiced by the Police Commission about the lack of progress implementing Christopher Commission reforms.
Backed against the wall after a season-opening, listless loss to the New York Giants and booed at the start here, Cunningham and the Eagles responded with one of their best offensive performances since he joined the team 10 seasons ago.
And on Monday night he took them straight to the end zone with three first-half touchdown passes and, after only three quarters, to a 300-yard passing night.
The shakeup also comes less than a week after the department released a survey that found that community leaders in most areas of the city gave the LAPD a ``below average'' rating for its performance on high-priority issues including police response times and the battle against gangs.
The demotion of Parks, a 29-year veteran of the LAPD, is the first of its kind in more than a decade and comes less than two years after Williams named Parks as his second in command.
In addition, Deputy Chief Larry Fetters, the director of the office of operations, is retiring after 29 years with the department.
Alarmed passengers heard two or three more shots after the boat reached the Bronx shore in search of help.
The tourist, identified as Ralf Bolowski, a 31-year-old postal supervisor from Hamburg, was knocked to the deck as the Circle Line boat moved north in the Harlem River just after the cruise passed under the Washington Bridge at 181st Street, off the Inwood shore of Manhattan.
He hopes that he can finish his vacation as planned.'' Some passengers on the boat reported having heard additional shots several minutes after the cruise had reached shore.
``There was one shot when the man was hit and then three others.'' Some passengers, admitting to loose time estimates in the confusion, thought the additional shots were heard as much as 10 minutes after the initial wounding as the boat was tied up at the Bronx shore and the police arrived.
This came right after taking what Moore felt was a cheap hit by Broncos safety Steve Atwater.
The receiver gives a lot of the credit for the Jets new winning attitude to Carroll, the defensive coordinator who became head man after Bruce Coslet was dismissed last season.
And at its worst, after yesterday's second round of media-driven ``What's wrong with the Cowboys?'' questions, it underlines the almost ridiculously high standards they have set for themselves.
Houston has some outstanding personnel, they truly do, and they're able to come after teams a little bit more because of the people they feel they have in the secondary, and that makes a difference.'' Even head coach Barry Switzer pooh-poohs the idea that other teams will attempt to do to the Cowboys what the Oilers did.
This is Canada's third unity crisis in four years, after the rejection of the Meech Lake Agreement in 1990 and the Charlottetown Accord in 1992, which would have given Quebec the constitutional recognition it seeks as a distinct society.
Competition should be healthy for everybody.'' Studies by the Community Food Resource Center, a non-profit group, and the Planning Department have found little harm, if any, to neighborhood grocery stores after supermarkets moved in nearby.
For instance, not far from Tops, on Steinway Street in Queens -- the popular shopping street for Astoria and Long Island City -- Fairway Lumber, a small lumberyard and hardware store, is going out of business after 49 years at the same location.
Bertrando has been trying to make an unusual comeback as a race horse after spending a season as a stallion, and he seemed dull while running 34 lengths behind Tinners Way in the $1 million Pacific Classic last month.
He also has a new trainer, John Shirrefs, who arrived after Bobby Frankel disagreed with the decision to bring the 5-year-old horse back to racing from the stud farm.
YOUTH IN CUSTODY BATTLE IS DETAINED IN PARIS AFTER RUNNING AWAY  (BC-RUNAWAY-YOUTH-NYT) The battle over Shai Fhima Rheuven shifted to Paris on Monday, after it was disclosed that the teen-ager had run off to France three weeks ago and was detained last Thursday while trying to return to the United States using someone else's passport.
On Monday, according to the boy's lawyer, Eric Ole Thorsen of New City, N.Y., both parents appeared at an administrative hearing in Paris, where Shai was detained when he tried to return home after a visit to a yeshiva camp in the French Alps.
The boy called the rabbi soon after he arrived in France, and Zaks flew there to help Shai work out a legal way to return to the United States, the person close to the rabbi said.
Wright, 19th Georgia Infantry, Company I,'' he reads, after punching in identifying numbers etched into the bone with India ink 131 years ago.
He fell into Union hands after Robert E.
Just after dawn, she had made her way to the ancient Roman Catholic church near the mouth of Havana harbor to scour the smuggled-in list of neighborhood balseros, the boat people who had fled Cuba on rickety rafts and been taken to the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay.
In mid-July, 41 Cubans drowned when the tugboat they had seized sank after being rammed by a pursuing Cuban patrol boat.
``People do what they must.'' It doesn't take much insight to see that after three and a half decades of revolution, much of Cuba under Fidel Castro's rule has reverted into exactly the Babylon the bearded dictator once railed against.
I explained that after paying for a cemetery plot, funeral home services, a casket and vault, it can cost well over $10,000 to bury someone in Dayton, Ohio.
Sure enough, late that night, hours after I had left, the police barged in and tore their place apart.
In the days after that, Alberto and I met in parks, back alleys and a black-market bar.
By the end of 1959 -- after executing hundreds of Batista supporters -- Castro turned on his own, imprisoning Matos and 28 other rebel leaders, who had voiced their dissatisfaction.
Gonzalez helped found the 30th of November Movement -- a resistance group named after a pivotal Nov.
This time, after noticing a flaw in prisoner transfers, he managed to slip from his cell into a deserted room.
Two years later -- after an aborted boat trip from the island -- he managed to flee the embassy to the United States.
The town was razed after the government buyout.
Later, the board adopted a stronger standard after the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency threatened to impose its own strict standard on the state.
However, the publication a week ago of a book revealing Mitterrand's involvement in the Vichy government and his continuing friendship after the war with Vichy's anti-semitic chief of police unleashed a storm.
Members of France's 750,000-strong Jewish community -- the largest in Western Europe -- voiced outrage at the book's disclosure that he remained on good terms after the war with Rene Bousquet who, as Vichy's police chief, had rounded up thousands of Jews for deportation to Nazi extermination camps.
He noted that, after escaping from a German prisoner of war camp in 1941, he had stayed with Jewish friends of his parents in southern France before becoming a Vichy official.
Seventy-odd years after the boys at Black Mask magazine dreamed it all up, hardly anything has changed.
The embassy report put it this way: ``Exercise caution when returning home by foot, metro or car after social drinking.
Hutchison succeeded her in 1990, and resigned last year after winning a special election to replace Lloyd Bentsen in the U.S. Senate.
Richards was elected governor four years ago after a notably vicious Democratic primary in which her opponents accused her of having used illegal drugs.
We learn, for instance, that she was a heavy smoker until 1968, when she realized the extent of her addiction after a nurse caught her puffing in the middle of the night in her hospital room.
Another matter-of-fact confession was a period of depression in 1976 after her husband became head of the CIA.
Night after night George held me weeping in his arms while I tried to explain my feelings.
Hogan handed down the sentence, which includes four months of house detention after release from prison and 200 hours of community service.
Although David Wagoner is perhaps best known as an accomplished regional poet (the Pacific Northwest) he has authored maybe a dozen novels, both before and after ``The Road to Many a Wonder,'' the mid-'70s romantic historical adventure that I read snippets of every now and then, perhaps opening it at random for a few minutes at bedtime.
Airing immediately after the season premiere of the top-rated ``Home Improvement,'' a huge audience is guaranteed for Wednesday night's kickoff of ``All American Girl,'' which has Margaret trying it her mother's way -- dating a traditional young Korean man hand-picked by Mom.
LAST BIG THING: It has been some time since we had much reason to pay attention to Chad Everett -- ``Medical Center'' was, after all, more than 20 years ago -- but he returns Thursday night in ``McKenna,'' a family drama filmed on location near Bend, Ore.
Greece closed an important border crossing with Albania and ordered extra troops to the frontier after an Albanian court jailed five ethnic Greeks for alleged espionage.
As a result, it seems probable that the United States will carry out its promise to ask the United Nations Security Council to lift the arms embargo on the Muslims soon after Oct.
Greece closed an important border crossing with Albania and ordered extra troops to the frontier after an Albanian court jailed five ethnic Greeks for alleged espionage.
As a result, it seems probable that the United States will carry out its promise to ask the United Nations Security Council to lift the arms embargo on the Muslims soon after Oct.
Before Christmas, after several carjackings, possemen on horseback paraded in local shopping malls, escorting shoppers from store to store.
Africa, unlike Europe, has bred only one state through secession since colonial days: Eritrea, which divorced Ethiopia last year after a 30-year guerrilla war and a referendum that demonstrated overwhelming support.
Africa, unlike Europe, has bred only one state through secession since colonial days: Eritrea, which divorced Ethiopia last year after a 30-year guerrilla war and a referendum that demonstrated overwhelming support.
What they like less are crime, welfare and immigration: issues which, as it turns out, are playing a central role in state after state, and which tend to favor Republicans.
That in hand, he has gone after two villains in the bush: violent criminals and illegal aliens.
What they like less are crime, welfare and immigration: issues which, as it turns out, are playing a central role in state after state, and which tend to favor Republicans.
That in hand, he has gone after two villains in the bush: violent criminals and illegal aliens.
What they like less are crime, welfare and immigration: issues which, as it turns out, are playing a central role in state after state, and which tend to favor Republicans.
That in hand, he has gone after two villains in the bush: violent criminals and illegal aliens.
And managers caught up in the multimedia revolution may be right to argue that, if they do nothing, their firms will soon be as redundant as blacksmiths after the invention of the automobile.
And managers caught up in the multimedia revolution may be right to argue that, if they do nothing, their firms will soon be as redundant as blacksmiths after the invention of the automobile.
And managers caught up in the multimedia revolution may be right to argue that, if they do nothing, their firms will soon be as redundant as blacksmiths after the invention of the automobile.
Nixon said he will begin ouster proceedings after she is sentenced if she does not resign.
``The world is never going to be the same after Cairo,'' said Tim Wirth, undersecretary of state for global affairs and chief of the U.S. delegation to the conference, which began Sept.
The label on his Roman wine says it was made by ``Lucius Columella, Wine Maker of the First Century after Christ, and Herve Durand, wine maker-archeologist.'' The vintage currently on sale?
Using metal tongs, lift the crabs from the sink, and after discarding any dead or smelly crabs, add them to the stockpot with the sausage and garlic.
It is dry, fresh and pale gold in color and is meant to be drunk two or three years after the vintage day.
Long after you're gone, some consumer in the future, some Sunday morning scavenger will be driving through the neighborhood, spot your something, grab it, fondle it, turn it upside down and decide they must have it.
Imagine some parking lot in 2050 where people are standing around in umbrella hats and some customer is trying to figure out ``Who, in their right mind, would have wanted this old step to nowhere?'' Then he turns it over to read that in 1994 a California woman dropped two dress sizes after climbing up and down this step 45 minutes a day while wearing shiny tights and listening to Meat Loaf.
She recently returned to the United States after living in Germany for two years and will be travelling across the country for the next few months.
Meyer's ``Music, the Arts and Ideas.'' Twenty-seven years after its first edition, it is still a book about contemporary music culture, not only because the author has updated it with a ``postlude'' but also because his notorious prognosis has in so many ways been borne out.
Earlier it motivated the Soviet doctrine called Lysenkoism, after the Ukrainian botanist who claimed that acquired characteristics (acquired, say, under Socialism) could be inherited after all.
During her lunch break, after completing her class list, Pedraza reflected on the first part of the day.
The virtues, the intelligence at any rate, also distinguish the heroine and narrator, Ellen Gulden, from the outset; the moral rigor she attains only after being tempered, at age 24, in one of the hottest flames imaginable -- caring for her mother, Kate, as illness cruelly destroys her.
Ellen tells her story some eight years after the crisis: her emotions, recollected in relative tranquillity, are too well ordered and coherently presented to reflect the passion and struggle that shaped them.
As she swept up the broken glass in her Los Angeles apartment minutes after the earthquake struck, she shouted down at her frightened neighbors who huddled under the stairways below: ``You have to take control.
The most effective precautionary measure is to keep your skin as dry as possible or, if sweating is unavoidable, to get clean and dry as soon as possible after stopping the activity.
He and Medlar discussed the fact that he was being considered for an appointment to the U.S. Senate, his role in convincing Transportation Secretary Federico Pena to accept a Cabinet post, and the FBI's examination of payments Cisneros made to Medlar after she moved to Lubbock.
I trust you after all we've been through and everything that's been said.
However, after doctors began using inexpensive sulfa-based drugs to prevent PCP 10 years ago, pneumonia death has become relatively uncommon among white patients infected with HIV, the virus that causes AIDS.
``AIDS sufferers once lived 6 months after diagnosis,'' said Moises Agosto, treatment advocacy director for the National Minority AIDS Council.
He and Medlar discussed the fact that he was being considered for an appointment to the U.S. Senate, his role in convincing Transportation Secretary Federico Pena to accept a Cabinet post, and the FBI's examination of payments Cisneros made to Medlar after she moved to Lubbock.
I trust you after all we've been through and everything that's been said.
DAY'S HEALTH REFORM DEVELOPMENTS AT A GLANCE WASHINGTON  (BC-HEALTH-GLANCE-COX) Developments Tuesday in the battle over health care reform: CONGRESS Returning after a recess in their home districts, House and Senate members from across the political spectrum said there seemed to be little voter sentiment for reforming the health care system before this Congress adjourns next month.
``Hollywood!'' he laughed after recounting the story.
It was a hot, unair-conditioned theater, and I got bitten in the ankle.'' (Dunne's daughter, Quintana Roo, 28, is now a photography editor at Elle magazine.) Exhaustion and depression took their toll after that.
Broderick was also the narrator of Dunne's last novel, ``The Red, White and Blue.'' Working like a detective, Broderick reconstructs the life of ``Baby Blue Tyler, Hollywood's No. 1 cinemoppet'' after her volatile affair with a gangster named Jacob King (born Jacob Kinovsky), collisions with a movie mogul named J.F. French (previously Moses Frankel), an innocent flirtation with politics that puts her on the blacklist, and enough sex and booze to fill a couple of other novels.
``Hollywood!'' he laughed after recounting the story.
It was a hot, unair-conditioned theater, and I got bitten in the ankle.'' (Dunne's daughter, Quintana Roo, 28, is now a photography editor at Elle magazine.) Exhaustion and depression took their toll after that.
Broderick was also the narrator of Dunne's last novel, ``The Red, White and Blue.'' Working like a detective, Broderick reconstructs the life of ``Baby Blue Tyler, Hollywood's No. 1 cinemoppet'' after her volatile affair with a gangster named Jacob King (born Jacob Kinovsky), collisions with a movie mogul named J.F. French (previously Moses Frankel), an innocent flirtation with politics that puts her on the blacklist, and enough sex and booze to fill a couple of other novels.
	The elections lent credence to the view that the German political landscape is entering a period of fundamental change after decades of stability dictated by the need for national unity during the cold war.
After baring her breasts (which are not shown on screen), she displays her prostitute's heart of gold; after the boys' bikes are stolen, she drives them home to the suburbs.
The boys make interesting conjectures about a diaphragm that one of them has found (``I think it's a travel drinking cup'') and make typical pre-adolescent assessments of sex after watching pirated porn video.
But the album isn't simply a throwback to Prince's 1980 album, ``Dirty Mind,'' which had one catchy taboo-breaker after another.
	The law-enforcement package embraced by the administration emerged after a year of political struggle in Congress that culminated in what many law enforcement experts say is a highly symbolic attack on crime that responds to rising fears of crime with a measure with promises more cops, prison cells and crime prevention programs without assuring that it will make anyone any safer.
	A day after the pilot, Frank Eugene Corder, killed himself by flying without any resistance until he crashed just under the president's bedroom, senior law enforcement officials began the task of trying to figure out whether the Secret Service should have detected the flight earlier.
	CNN broadcast excerpts of the tapes in November 1990 after Federal Judge William M.
On the crime bill, the White House was forced to solicit support from moderate Republicans after conservative Democrats balked at a ban on 19 types of assault weapons.
Often after the season he will visit Marino in Florida.
He came up a year after Marino.
MEGGETT TO CARRY THE LOAD FOR HAMPTON-LESS GIANTS EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J.  (BC-FBN-GIANTS-375&ADD-NYT) Early last season, when Rodney Hampton was sidelined for four weeks after arthroscopic surgery on his left knee, Lewis Tillman replaced him at tailback and the Giants hardly missed a beat.
She became serious about dancing after the family settled in Panama City, Fla., where she entered the Virginia Sweet School of Dance, and where her flair not only for dancing but for creativity within dance emerged.
``We're going to go right on watching,'' one fan blithely told Life magazine, even after it had been revealed that rigged quiz shows taxed contestants' acting ability instead of their much-vaunted brainpower.
Last week, Philadelphia was 0-1 after losing to the Giants in a game where Cunningham caught all of the heat.
And last year his image suffered further when his closest ally, Shin Kanemaru, was indicted on tax evasion charges after millions of dollars in gold bullion and bearer bonds were found in a closet.
In the interview, the politician who was all but invisible after his ignominious fall five years ago, put the case in what was, by his own standards, straightforward terms.
Like those Abstract Expressionists, who transformed American art after World War II, he deals with heroic subjects -- mythology, history, nature; but he does it in graffiti-like lines and splotches that also link him to as contemporary a phenomenon as the 80s graffiti artist Jean-Michel Basquiat.
And it virtually coincides with his decision, after almost 37 years in Italy, to take up an American residence again in his hometown, Lexington, Va. Not that things ever seem to be cast in such literal light in conversations with a man whose sentences sometimes halt abruptly, as if an inner caution had warned him to go no further toward exposing a private core that like his paintings and drawings, does not yield itself to casual scrutiny.
The retrospective will stop there and in Los Angeles and Berlin after closing in New York.) In his studio here, a second version of ``The Four Seasons'' is taking shape, but it is incomplete and the palettes and paints on trestles and tables around it are dry.
Cosby plays a retired ``criminalist'' and forensics expert who ``specializes in the science of solving crimes.'' He retired after winning the New York lottery but is lured back to tackle ``complex and exciting'' cases.
Some time after the November election, a little-noticed Washington panel called the Bipartisan Commission on Entitlements and Tax Reform is expected to offer suggestions for curbing spending on ``mandatory'' federal programs.
But after several years of impressive return rates, resistance dropped.
``While the draft document expands the agency's understanding of dioxin toxicology,'' Goldman said, ``the reassessment is not yet complete and is not expected to be so until late 1995, after scientific peer review.'' What the agency knows as a result of the study, Goldman said, is that ``waste combustion accounts for about 95 percent of all the known emissions, with medical and municipal waste combustion dominating the combustion sources.'' As a result, she said, the EPA will propose no later than February strict air standards for reducing dioxin and other emissions from medical waste incinerators.
The EPA will wait to reassess its position on how to deal with dioxins until after an advisory board completes a scientific review, she said.
1935: Mussolini's troops invade Ethiopia after Haile Selassie unsuccessfully petitions the League of Nations for assistance in resisting occupation.
Selassie goes into exile, returning to power in 1941 after Ethiopia is liberated early in World War II.
1993: The province of Eritrea gains independence from Ethiopia after more than 30 years of war, and agrees to permit now-landlocked Ethiopia access to ports on the Red Sea.
There should be a clause in motor home contracts, especially those for the 20-foot size we selected (the smallest on the lot; after all, we said, there are only four of us) that says the presence of children sleeping two feet away is likely to retard the reliving of any Golden Maine Moments.
Dodger official Al Campanis proves, on national TV in 1987, that racism isn't dead in baseball 40 years after Jackie Robinson's arrival.
It often moves with such grace and brilliance that it must be counted as another major success for Burns, coming four years after his landmark triumph with ``The Civil War'' broadcasts.
It will seduce -- with the unwavering, hypnotic charm of a preying snake -- nonfans as well, though many will soon become bored and abandon the effort after a night or two.
Unlike ``The Civil War,'' Burns and crew had access -- beginning shortly after the turn of the century -- to moving pictures.
Barnum, after issuing a wildly exaggerated account of the mighty Jumbo's supposedly heroic death in a train wreck, had the remaining circus pachyderms trained to dab their eyes with oversized handkerchiefs in fond remembrance of their gigantic cousin.
 (BC-CIRCUS-GUNTHER-2NDTAKE-KAN) According to a lengthy ecological-minded essay in the official circus program, the organization ``has always taken its responsibility very seriously in caring for the animals in its charge, while at the same time educating the public with regard to the beauty and inestimable value of all the creatures, great and small, with whom we share our planet.'' Gebel-Williams, after officially retiring from the ring in 1990, joined the ranks of circus management and was given the title of vice president-animal care.
``When you work after so many years it's really, really easy to do and it is like a partnership.
opening night for me is a little bit strange and a little bit nervous.'' The celebrity animal trainer just turned 60, but even after a lifetime of working with animals, he still reminds himself that it's best to take nothing for granted when performing with beasts that are bigger than he is.
Newt Gingrich of Georgia, who is all but certain to succeed Michel after his retirement at the end of this Congress, scoffed at the suggestion.
But they said the number of news boxes, particularly in congested areas of midtown and lower Manhattan, began to increase rapidly in the 1980s after Gannett introduced large numbers of USA Today boxes in those neighborhoods.
A U.S. Department of Agriculture report released after the close of trading Monday declared 74 percent of the soybean crop in good-to-excellent condition as of Sunday, up from 72 percent a week earlier.
 (BC-PEOPLE-BRIEFS-NYT) Johnny Depp, the star of ``Edward Scissorhands'' and ``What's Eating Gilbert Grape,'' was arrested early Tuesday and accused of smashing furniture and glass in his room at the Mark Hotel on East 77th Street in New York, but officials said charges of felony criminal mischief would be dropped after he pays $9,767 for the damages.
	``We told the court that this was the defendant's first arrest, and that he had agreed to make total restitution to the hotel,'' Barbara Thompson, a spokeswoman for the Manhattan district attorney, said after he was arraigned Tuesday afternoon.
Paton Walsh and her agent very pleased, especially after so many rejections.
``It comes after just about the right amount of time,'' Mahoney said of his retirement early next year when he will have served 12 years as chief executive.
The Vatican's decision to approve parts of the population document after formally withholding its assent at the previous two conferences seemed to reflect a growing concern about being isolated in the looming population debate.
But after surviving a stroke, open-heart surgery and a seizure, Brian Mullen does not care.
``I'm going to join the guys tomorrow, have some fun and see what I look like,'' Mullen said today after working out on an exercise bike.
``Laying in that hospital bed after the surgery worrying about my life, I didn't care that much about hockey,'' Mullen recalled.
Five minutes after they told me that I was going to the minors for conditioning, I had the seizure.
Schrager said that any invasion plans would provide for keeping the army intact after the invasion, but without its leaders and in a much less ominous role.
He was appointed a professor in January, after he lost a re-election bid against Mayor Rudolph W.
So for now, in addition to trading notes with his political cronies -- it is, after all, the political season in New York -- Dinkins has been talking pedagogy with Raymond W.
And, he said, referring to the executives who paid the bribes, ``all the major groups, in one form or another, were involved.'' Did that include the Fininvest corporation of Silvio Berlusconi, Craxi's personal friend, who rose to power as prime minister after elections last March buried the old guard?
``Don't worry about the Craxi case,'' he replied, ``I'll look after that myself.'' 
Williams responded that the official was so hostile ``that we felt it necessary to find out whether there was some special reason for his attitude.'' Freeport's nickel mining operations in Cuba were seized after Fidel Castro came to power in 1959.
EX-FILM EXECUTIVE CHOSEN TO HEAD BERTELSMANN UNIT LOS ANGELES  (BC-BERTELSMANN-EXEC-NYT) A little more than a year after leaving as head of a movie studio to run a Silicon Valley start-up, Strauss Zelnick is returning to the corporate media world.
With $11 billion in sales, Bertelsmann is the world's second-largest media company after Time Warner Inc.
With $3.1 billion in worldwide sales, BMG Entertainment is the third-largest music publisher, after Time Warner and Sony.
Carey rejected CBS' contention, made after losing, that the NHL is an ``unproven'' property.
And officials from other border states, some of them angry because illegal immigration increased in their areas after the border in El Paso was closed, are demanding that the INS apply his strategy in their districts, too.
The normal strategy, grabbing people after they crossed the border, allowed Reyes to keep as many, or as few, agents on duty at one time as the budget permitted.
He called the operation off after six weeks.
Whatever the truth, after the money arrived, Reyes briefed his officers, and they made it clear that they didn't like their new orders.
Any decisions are usually announced in a memo issued days or weeks after the board meets.
James Saxton, R-N.J. The endorsement came about a month after Deputy Defense Secretary John Deutch alarmed V-22 backers by including the program on a list of proposed cutbacks.
But increasingly, college administrators are sharing the sentiment and they are beginning to take steps to prod their perennial students, particularly now that enrollments are on the upswing after years of decline.
He will graduate in May with a degree in sociology, six years after he finished high school.
Any decisions are usually announced in a memo issued days or weeks after the board meets.
James Saxton, R-N.J. The endorsement came about a month after Deputy Defense Secretary John Deutch alarmed V-22 backers by including the program on a list of proposed cutbacks.
Graber dubbed the two running backs ``Thunder and Lightning,'' and with both of them returning after combining for 2,002 yards last season, the coach had hoped they would have opponents seeking shelter this season.
``We can't continue to win unless we control the ball on the offensive side and on the defensive side.'' Syracuse, 1-1 after a 30-29 loss to Oklahoma in the opener and a 34-19 victory at Cincinnati this past weekend, has not lost a game to Rutgers in their past seven meetings.
It was Catanho's third-quarter interception and return for a touchdown that put Rutgers up, 14-6, and came just six seconds after the Scarlet Knights had scored their first touchdown of the game.
Aramony, 67, whose base salary was $390,000 a year, shared many of these luxuries with a young woman with whom he began an extramarital affair shortly after she graduated from high school in 1986, the indictment said.
Aramony resigned from United Way of America in February 1992 after articles in The Washington Post and Regardie's Magazine prompted an internal investigation and bitter reactions from workers at the charity's 2,100 local affiliates.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Ms. Otten said that anyone could ask the immigration service to release someone, and that ``we're taking a look at them to see which ones should be granted.'' On Monday, a mother and child were released after the toddler developed fevers and severe allergic symptoms, immigration officials said.
The other half made it to shore after the policy change by slipping past a cordon of Navy and Coast Guard ships in the Florida Straits.
Still, many economists maintain that the pace of inflation is increasing, forecasting that consumer prices will rise around 3.5 percent this year after two years of increases of less than 3 percent.
Bond and stock prices rose after the release of the consumer prices report, but gave up some of their gains later in the day.
In a related report, the Labor Department calculated that average weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell eight-tenths of 1 percent in August from July, entering negative territory after what had been skimpy gains so far this year.
``It's a big free-for-all after the earthquake.'' Tampa Plaza is one of several commercial ``ghost towns'' left unrepaired since the Jan.
Scott Spooner, president of the Northridge Chamber of Commerce, said while some sites have not been repaired, most of the area's businesses reopened two months after the earthquake.
Only after giving himself up to image-builders in the seven-week election campaign just ended did he discard his three-piece Savile Row pinstripes for sports jackets and learn to trim often ponderous, professorial speeches into sound bites.
But after making the trip, Stefko found out that the store hasn't reopened and left no forwarding address.
But Ani Celik remains optimistic, even after losing one business and seeing sales go down by at least 25 percent at their dry-cleaning shop.
``Right after the earthquake, I said to myself, `I have no hope,' '' she said.
But shortly after turning 18 last March, Capriati left school, left home again and moved in with a female friend who attends college in Boca Raton.
He suggested that the method be used for five years with the right to reopen after the second and third years.
Kuehler retired soon after that.
The draft study will be open to public comment for 120 days, after which it will probably be revised and then submitted for review to the Science Advisory Board, the EPA's top scientific oversight group.
Passage, on a 94-4 vote, came after the Treasury Department agreed this morning to a procedure for pursuing negligent insiders at failed savings and loan institutions.
But he dropped his threat after the Office of Thrift Supervision, which is part of the Treasury Department, vowed to undertake what amounted to an end run around the provision.
The letter, a remarkable shift that the thrift office had long resisted, came after Metzenbaum threatened Friday to filibuster the entire bill because of the savings and loan provision.
The interstate banking bill is formally known as the Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994, after two lawmakers who are retiring from Congress this year: Sen.
Maynes said DeConcini was satisfied after his briefing that Secret Service agents responsible for guarding the president had followed correct security procedures in dealing with the plane crash.
Federal authorities believe the theft took place sometime after 10:30 p.m. and are trying to determine whether he flew directly to the White House from the Harford County Air Park or flew around for a while beforehand.
But in a similar poll a few days after the tanks rolled in, 75 percent said the United States did the right thing in starting the ground war.
McGowan of Cornell says youngsters will often delay leaving the family for years after becoming sexually mature at around age 2.
Some will even return to the nest more than a year after leaving, still childless and needing a place to live.
Friedman is leaving at a time when Goldman, Sachs, like many other firms on Wall Street, is suffering a sharp drop in profits after several boom years.
He is leaving after helping expand an already rich and prestigious firm into a global investment powerhouse, with profits from investment banking, bond trading, and foreign exchange of more than $2.3 billion in the year that ended on Nov.
That mind-set may have caused a near riot of about 4,000 Haitians in a slum called Brooklyn on Monday, the day after at least one U.S. warship and several helicopters performed maneuvers in the harbor of Port-au-Prince.
A U.S. government official at a Tuesday press briefing promised that the United States will ``continue normal social safety-net human assistance programs for food and medicine'' for the ``post-resolution period,'' apparently meaning after an invasion.
GAP CITED IN RULES ON WHITE HOUSE THREAT WASHINGTON  (BC-WHITEHOUSE-PLANE-500&ADD-NYT) A day after a small plane crashed into the White House grounds, investigators told a senior lawmaker that security and aviation officials had no rules or procedures for communicating about aircraft posing a threat to the executive mansion or the president.
Ms. Brookner's fortunes began to decline soon after she was offered the job of station chief in Prague in April 1991, while still based in Jamaica.
Then, after she reported that her deputy station chief in Jamaica was brutally beating his wife, he turned the tables, calling her a hard-drinking hussy, the suit says.
She worked in a macho society, and she succeeded at getting after some of the most difficult targets we had.
Woolsey, filed under seal, was partly unsealed last week after the CIA deleted large parts of it.
``Janine enjoyed the respect of most of the male officers, though she probably had to hold her ground and stand up to them a few times,'' said Ms. Jonsson, who retired from the CIA in 1992, after a 30-year career.
Such sentiment often turns quickly after a president orders American forces into combat, a notion that administration officials are counting heavily on as they proceed with their planning.
A Pentagon official said that flights of reporters to the refugee camps at Guantanamo Bay naval base in Cuba would be suspended after Wednesday because the Defense Department plans to use it as a staging area for the Haiti invasion.
Copper prices sagged after a recent run-up.
Tuesday, a day after the deal was announced, shares of RJR Nabisco continued to decline, off 25 cents to close at $6.375 on the New York Stock Exchange.
THRUST REVERSERS HAVE BEEN IN USE SINCE THE 1950 SEATTLE  (BC-737-THRUST-SPI) Thrust reversers, which for more than 35 years have helped pilots slow down their aircraft after landing, have come under scrutiny by safety officials in recent years for their potential to engage in midair.
Passengers typically hear activated thrust reversers as a loud roar from the engines just after the aircraft touches down on the runway.
The worst conditions for a reverser's midair deployment exist just after takeoff, when the aircraft has maximum speed and power.
But in agency after agency there were signs that city workers were staggering under new burdens resulting from the loss of workers to attrition and the city's severance program.
Reports of child abuse and neglect declined to under 50,000 for the first time since 1987, after years in which the crack epidemic helped make the caseloads escalate.
Meeting the criteria for the money will require little effort, since many of the programs in the package were patterned after efforts already under way in the city and the state.
But Schumer said the bill includes a provision that would free the money if, after two years, states had not qualified to receive it.
State officials also said they were planning to expand programs that used schools as community centers before and after classes, because they were convinced these programs would help prevent crime and get young people moving toward productive lives.
Group members agreed to take up the idea, but one official who heads an organization of the top pollution officials of 8 of the 12 states, a group that has been seeking the California rules for itself, said that the EPA's approach meant that ``the circus is continuing here, after more than four years.'' The official, Michael Bradley, the executive director of the Northeast States for Coordinated Air Use Management, said that a compromise might be worked out, but that the 49-state proposal as envisioned by the car companies would not demand continuing improvements in car technology, as the California program would.
All of Spartan's observations are recorded aboard the satellite and will be available to researchers only after it is returned to Earth aboard the shuttle.
The six astronauts are now to touch down after 10 days in space at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida on Monday at 2:24 p.m. EDT.
Such sentiment often turns quickly after a president orders American forces into combat, a notion that administration officials are counting heavily on as they proceed with their planning.
A Pentagon official said that flights of reporters to the refugee camps at Guantanamo Bay naval base in Cuba would be suspended after Wednesday because the Defense Department plans to use it as a staging area for the Haiti invasion.
The way she computed the risk of being on the Manhattan sightseeing boat a day after a German tourist was shot was: ``My friends and I figured that the odds of the Circle Line getting shot at two days in a row were pretty slim.
On the same cruise Monday, a 31-year-old postal supervisor from Hamburg, Germany, Ralf Bolowski, was shot through the shoulder soon after the boat swept under the Washington Bridge at 181st Street, in the Harlem River just past the midway point in the nearly three-hour journey around Manhattan.
``Given where the firm is today, especially after the last year, Goldman is more of a hedge-fund trading mechanism than an investment bank,'' said a former Goldman partner who insisted on anonymity.
People would be coming to him after this one.
This is an intelligent guy here, man.'' ``You can't walk off after you lose one, though,'' Croft said.
The stakes are high, the details sometimes unsavory; after one of Croft's early fights, it was revealed that his opponent had tested HIV positive and was banned from fighting in Nevada.
 (BC-FBC-STANFORD-SF CHRON) Stanford University President Gerhard Casper, apparently not a football fan, asked head coach Bill Walsh these questions about the Cardinal defense after Stanford tied Northwestern 41-41 last Saturday: ``Why do so many go in and out?
Levlane was awarded the Florida account after a review that also included four other agencies: Fahlgren Benito in Tampa; FKQ Advertising Inc.
Many travelers are cautious about traveling on an airline soon after it has seen a crash, travel agents said Tuesday, but they added that it is rare for passengers to express concern about a specific type of aircraft.
So why did ``NYPD Blue'' lose the outstanding drama series Emmy after earning a mere 26 nominations?
In a statement issued after the expanded federal inquiry was disclosed earlier this month, James said the city would cooperate with investigators.
``I love TV history,'' said O'Brien, 31, after a taping of ``Late Night With Conan O'Brien'' last week.
You make a guy live in a balloon and after a while he'll start sleeping eight hours a day and...
Disney, after all, can do anything.
Willard insists that his knees are sound, but the cyst results in swelling and pain after the game and makes his knee more susceptible to injury, he said.
While at Idaho, Gilbertson suggested to lineman Mark Schlereth that he give up football after undergoing a number of operations.
With becoming sheepishness, and after no little prodding, he admittd that someday it might be nice to win an Academy Award.
Rowland's victory gives him a second chance to win the governor's office after losing four years ago by 2 percentage points to Weicker.
He yanked down one stuffed animal after the other from the car wash-cum-toyshop display.
Rowland's victory gives him a second chance to win the governor's office after losing four years ago by 2 percentage points to Weicker.
He became a free agent after the 1993 season and signed with the Falcons.
``Win, lose or draw I will be able to shake anybody's hand after it's over.
Kaddah is being held in jail in New Haven, where he was transferred for his own safety after being beaten at the Community Correctional Center in Bridgeport, said Barry Butler of the Bridgeport Public Defender's Office.
27 after a night in which the police say he tried to strangle one prostitute, who escaped, and killed another, Ms. Williamson.
Barry was seeking something of a personal and political redemption after his 1990 arrest, while he was mayor, and subsequent conviction for smoking crack.
Named after the BOC Group, the British gas products company that sponsors the competition, the nine-month race will take the fleet of lone sailors through 27,000 miles of open ocean and three stopover ports.
Outfitted with high-tech sails that are translucent and silver rather than opaque and white, the race boat moves through the water like a sea bird after prey.
Beavers said consumer demand usually stays flat after Labor Day through the next summer.
OFFICER WOUNDED IN SUBWAY SAID TO DESCRIBE 4 SHOTS IN BACK NEW YORK  (BC-NY-COPS-SHOT-NYT) The transit police officer badly wounded by an off-duty city police officer in a subway shootout last month has told prosecutors that he remembers being shot four times in the back, twice after he had fallen and was prone on the ground, according to law-enforcement officials working on the investigation.
22, shot the plainclothes transit officer after mistaking him for a criminal.
Lawyers for DelDebbio have denied that he shot Robinson in the back after he had crumbled to the ground.
COMEDIAN BURNS RECOVERING FROM BRAIN SURGERY LOS ANGELES  (BC-BURNS-SURGERY-LADN) Cigar-chomping comedian George Burns was in satisfactory condition after he underwent brain surgery to drain fluid that had started to affect his speech.
``He kept making funny answers,'' Fein said after an hourlong visit with Burns, who was in intensive care.
Fluid began to place pressure on Burns' brain after he fell in the bathtub at his home on July 13, Wise said.
Many Democratic officials believe he has hit his stride after a summer when, in the words of Herman D.
Alan Cranston of California overcame plummeting poll numbers, the product of his liberalism and a failed presidential race, to defeat Ed Zschau after painting him as an inveterate flip-flopper.
Glittering Event finished fourth after breaking slowly and bleeding in his debut.
He came back with Lasix and won by 6{ lengths -- over subsequent winner Awesome Daze -- in a California-breds sprint after forcing faster fractions than any of today's rivals has seen.
Former apprentice wonder Sal Gonzalez Jr. got the message after picking up few mounts and no victories at Del Mar.
Barry was seeking of a personal and political redemption after his 1990 arrest, while he was mayor, and subsequent conviction for smoking crack.
He edged out Ruthann Aron, a developer, after a spirited campaign in which he fought off accusations that he was a carpetbagger with no real roots in Maryland.
It was his own destruction, not anybody else's,'' said Bonita Bing, a 35-year-old Barry supporter, after she voted.
However, police commissioner Gary Greenebaum said after a briefing by Williams on Tuesday that he is confident the chief acted properly.
Councilman Nate Holden said he is concerned about how the demotion looked, coming a few weeks after the police union filed a grievance challenging Parks' action to throw out a promotional test in which all of the top finalists were white males.
And Aikman was a runaway winner as MVP after throwing four touchdown passes.
CALTRANS NOT AMUSED BY SIGNS POSTED ON FREEWAY FOR MOVIE SCENE LOS ANGELES  (BC-MOVIE-SIGNS-LADN) A crew working on a ``Brady Bunch'' movie was told to stop production after it posted signs along the Ventura Freeway (101) warning motorists to expect gang wars, riots, toxic spraying and killer bees.
The first said: ``L.A. Exits Closed Ahead Due to Heavy Traffic.'' The second said: ``Med Fly Toxic Spray and Quake Damage.'' The last said: ``Killer Bee Gridlock, Drive By Gang War Riot.'' A small yellow sign with black letters, attached to a wall on the right side of the freeway after the other signs, said: ``Have A Nice Day.'' Production companies often warn motorists entering movie sets by posting warning signs before the set, but Caltrans didn't require a warning sign on this shoot, Sandoval said.
CALTRANS NOT AMUSED BY SIGNS POSTED ON FREEWAY FOR MOVIE SCENE LOS ANGELES  (BC-MOVIE-SIGNS-LADN) A crew working on a ``Brady Bunch'' movie was told to stop production after it posted signs along the Ventura Freeway (101) warning motorists to expect gang wars, riots, toxic spraying and killer bees.
The first said: ``L.A. Exits Closed Ahead Due to Heavy Traffic.'' The second said: ``Med Fly Toxic Spray and Quake Damage.'' The last said: ``Killer Bee Gridlock, Drive By Gang War Riot.'' A small yellow sign with black letters, attached to a wall on the right side of the freeway after the other signs, said: ``Have A Nice Day.'' Production companies often warn motorists entering movie sets by posting warning signs before the set, but Caltrans didn't require a warning sign on this shoot, Sandoval said.
Then he made a tough decision: Forsake the dream of playing at a high-profile Division I school and just play, which is how he ended up near home, at Northridge, after the first game of last season.
And for seven games, he played -- and played well, passing for almost 1,200 yards, 811 in three games after he learned Northridge's offensive system.
When he arrived at Northridge after the first game last season, smarting over his disappointment, he brought infectious enthusiasm with him.
``It feels great,'' he said after the game.
``I have an inclination, but I'd like to exactly see how the whole thing is made up and see how they play, see the talent and see exactly what they're offering.'' The Mets have asked Valentine to return to their organization next year, and there has been talk in New York that he will be the club's next manager after Dallas Green's contract runs out after next season.
Woodson had come to the Cowboys after playing linebacker/rover in college and was desperately trying to make the difficult transition to strong safety.
Campo said that concern was answered after a workout.
``We felt, after I went out and worked him out, that he had the athletic ability and the speed,'' Campo said.
They're trying to wedge a foot in the Top-25 door and are seeking more momentum after a 17-10 victory against Michigan State last week that drew a home-opener record 48,000.
It ended 21 years later, after Meyer, by then the athletic director, said, ``Never again.'' There were some unique games in the relationship.
Well, forever after the teams played out the last two years of the contract.
The thoroughbreds on Saturday night's playbill are TCU's Davis, just getting his breath back after a 325-yard night in Albuquerque, and Kansas' June Henley, who gained 1,127 yards as a freshman last season.
He eventually went back to the Houston area after several seasons in the NFL, not under an assumed name, but with an unlisted phone number.
BARRY WINS IN WASHINGTON 4 YEARS AFTER DRUG VIOLATION WASHINGTON  (BC-ELN-RDP-2NDLD-WRITETHRU-2TAKES-NYT) Just four years after a conviction for smoking crack drove him from the District of Columbia mayor's office, Marion S.
``This was not a victory for Marion Barry,'' the triumphant former mayor declared to nearly 2,000 cheering supporters packed into the city's convention center shortly after midnight.
``As well as we know him and as well as we respect his poltical acumen, there was always a sense of disbelief that this could actually happen, that he could win a primary after all this.'' Before he was caught on videotape smoking crack at a downtown hotel in 1990, and was arrested on a misdemeanor drug charge, Barry was considered so secure that he was dubbed by many residents ``mayor for life.'' But after his arrest he left office in shame and served a six-month prison term.
He edged Ruthann Aron, a developer, after a spirited campaign in which he fought off accusations that he was a carpetbagger with no real roots in Maryland.
Dave Durenberger of Minnesota, a Republican who is retiring after serving two terms.
Rowland's victory gives him a second chance to win the governor's office after losing four years ago by 2 percentage points to Weicker.
Shortly after 10 p.m., Rowland told his supporters, ``I'm deeply honored to be your nominee for governor'' and added later that it was a ``humbling and incredible experience'' to have Republicans ``come out and support us to the degree that they did.'' He and Mrs.
Only until the Phoenix Suns seal their buyout of Jerrod Mustaf's contract, after which Tisdale will be signed to a one-year, $850,000 deal officially ending the Clippers' long-over pursuit of the frontcourt veteran.
``I'm sorry I was late,'' she said as she took the stage for her victory speech at the Sheraton New York in Manhattan just after 12:30 a.m. ``I was being measured for epaulets.
Spitzer, an little-known former Manhattan prosecutor who won roughly 20 percent of the vote after spending roughly $2.5 million of his own money, conceded defeat before midnight.
Koppell, who was appointed by his former colleagues in the legislature after the resignation of Robert Abrams, fell just short of victory, losing by a small margin, despite taking every advantage of his eight-month incumbency.
``It was a privilege and an honor to be the attorney general of New York state,'' he said in a short speech just after 12:30 a.m. ``It was an extraordinary experience for me.'' In the general election, Ms. Burstein will face Dennis C.
And officials from other border states, some of them angry because illegal immigration increased in their areas after the border in El Paso was closed, are demanding that the INS apply his strategy in their districts, too.
The normal strategy, grabbing people after they crossed the border, allowed Reyes to keep as many, or as few, agents on duty at one time as the budget permitted.
He called the operation off after six weeks.
Whatever the truth, after the money arrived, Reyes briefed his officers, and they made it clear that they didn't like their new orders.
Ms. Brookner's fortunes began to decline soon after she was offered the job of station chief in Prague in April 1991, while still based in Jamaica.
Then, after she reported that her deputy station chief in Jamaica was brutally beating his wife, he turned the tables, calling her a hard-drinking hussy, the suit says.
She worked in a macho society, and she succeeded at getting after some of the most difficult targets we had.
Woolsey, filed under seal, was partly unsealed last week after the CIA deleted large parts of it.
``Janine enjoyed the respect of most of the male officers, though she probably had to hold her ground and stand up to them a few times,'' said Ms. Jonsson, who retired from the CIA in 1992, after a 30-year career.
But increasingly, college administrators are sharing the sentiment and they are beginning to take steps to prod their perennial students, particularly now that enrollments are on the upswing after years of decline.
He will graduate in May with a degree in sociology, six years after he finished high school.
Schrager said that any invasion plans would provide for keeping the army intact after the invasion, but without its leaders and in a much less ominous role.
They followed him onto the reservation and after a shootout both agents, along with a 21-year-old Native American, were dead.
That company was named after the Ohio city of Marietta.
It is not known how they got the tag ``black boxes,'' but it may relate to their often charred appearance after a wreck.
The recovery of these boxes is the primary focus of the National Transportation Safety Board even while a search for survivors is under way after an accident.
``Hollywood!'' he laughed after recounting the story.
It was a hot, unair-conditioned theater, and I got bitten in the ankle.'' (Dunne's daughter, Quintana Roo, 28, is now a photography editor at Elle magazine.) Exhaustion and depression took their toll after that.
Broderick was also the narrator of Dunne's last novel, ``The Red, White and Blue.'' Working like a detective, Broderick reconstructs the life of ``Baby Blue Tyler, Hollywood's No. 1 cinemoppet'' after her volatile affair with a gangster named Jacob King (born Jacob Kinovsky), collisions with a movie mogul named J.F. French (previously Moses Frankel), an innocent flirtation with politics that puts her on the blacklist, and enough sex and booze to fill a couple of other novels.
But FDLE authorities said Tuesday that a security review is in order after an emotionally distraught pilot of a small plane crashed, unimpeded, into what has been assumed to be one of the most impenetrable of all public buildings -- the White House.
Indeed, there may still be scope for one more small cut by the Bundesbank after Germany's general election on Oct.
``Hollywood!'' he laughed after recounting the story.
It was a hot, unair-conditioned theater, and I got bitten in the ankle.'' (Dunne's daughter, Quintana Roo, 28, is now a photography editor at Elle magazine.) Exhaustion and depression took their toll after that.
Broderick was also the narrator of Dunne's last novel, ``The Red, White and Blue.'' Working like a detective, Broderick reconstructs the life of ``Baby Blue Tyler, Hollywood's No. 1 cinemoppet'' after her volatile affair with a gangster named Jacob King (born Jacob Kinovsky), collisions with a movie mogul named J.F. French (previously Moses Frankel), an innocent flirtation with politics that puts her on the blacklist, and enough sex and booze to fill a couple of other novels.
He had announced in June his intention to fight again after believing he had been healed by a faith healer.
Let Judy Tejeda tell the story -- after all, it was her brush with death that brought such wondrous life: ``My father wanted freedom so badly.
Allen said those routes will ``make a positive contribution this summer'' after two years of slowly narrowing losses.
We were, after all, sitting on top of the Great Barrier Reef, the longest coral formation in the world and the largest living structure on Earth.
Still, the American Cancer Society recommends that men 40 and older have a digital rectal exam as part of their annual medical checkup and an additional prostate-specific antigen (PSA) blood test after they turn 50.
``In an individual case, after a full discussion of the risks and benefits, we don't have a problem with screening,'' Detsky said.
State and county health officials with limited resources say they have not gone after botanicas because azogue capsules are not a priority and there is no hard evidence of poisonings from these rituals.
Team members, after watching Andretti in the car for three races, are eager for him to get a full ride next season.
Burton left the meeting after telling team members he had ``lost faith in them'' and that he is searching for another ride for the remainder of the season.
There should be a clause in motor home contracts, especially those for the 20-foot size we selected (the smallest on the lot; after all, we said, there are only four of us) that says the presence of children sleeping two feet away is likely to retard the reliving of any Golden Maine Moments.
There should be a clause in motor home contracts, especially those for the 20-foot size we selected (the smallest on the lot; after all, we said, there are only four of us) that says the presence of children sleeping two feet away is likely to retard the reliving of any Golden Maine Moments.
CISNEROS' LAWYER BRIEFS WHITE HOUSE WASHINGTON  (BC-CISNEROS-WHITE-HOUSE-HNS) A White House lawyer has been briefed on a civil suit filed against Housing Secretary Henry Cisneros by a former lover who alleged on a television tabloid show that the secretary lied to the FBI about payments he made to her after their affair ended.
Cisneros has denied the accusation made by former San Antonio political consultant Linda Medlar, now of Lubbock, Texas, who was paid for her Monday night appearance on ``Inside Edition.'' Seagal Wheatley, Cisneros' San Antonio attorney, said he briefed the White House deputy counsel on the lawsuit Tuesday after seeing news reports about the television broadcast.
Medlar also released tapes and edited transcripts of private telephone conversations she had with Cisneros -- before and after he was appointed to head the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
Henry's record as a public servant stands for all to see.'' Cisneros returned to his wife, Mary Ann, after the end of his relationship with Medlar and in recent interviews declared that the marriage is strong.
Shortly after she filed the lawsuit, Medlar agreed to a payment of an undisclosed sum, which her law said was ``in the thousands'' to tell her story on ``Inside Edition.'' On that broadcast, she claimed Cisneros' announcement of their affair in 1988 created repercussions that destroyed her career.
CISNEROS' LAWYER BRIEFS WHITE HOUSE WASHINGTON  (BC-CISNEROS-WHITE-HOUSE-HNS) A White House lawyer has been briefed on a civil suit filed against Housing Secretary Henry Cisneros by a former lover who alleged on a television tabloid show that the secretary lied to the FBI about payments he made to her after their affair ended.
Cisneros has denied the accusation made by former San Antonio political consultant Linda Medlar, now of Lubbock, Texas, who was paid for her Monday night appearance on ``Inside Edition.'' Seagal Wheatley, Cisneros' San Antonio attorney, said he briefed the White House deputy counsel on the lawsuit Tuesday after seeing news reports about the television broadcast.
Medlar also released tapes and edited transcripts of private telephone conversations she had with Cisneros -- before and after he was appointed to head the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
Henry's record as a public servant stands for all to see.'' Cisneros returned to his wife, Mary Ann, after the end of his relationship with Medlar and in recent interviews declared that the marriage is strong.
Shortly after she filed the lawsuit, Medlar agreed to a payment of an undisclosed sum, which her law said was ``in the thousands'' to tell her story on ``Inside Edition.'' On that broadcast, she claimed Cisneros' announcement of their affair in 1988 created repercussions that destroyed her career.
He switched to that church from Episcopal after he remarried.
Before Christmas, after several carjackings, possemen on horseback paraded in local shopping malls, escorting shoppers from store to store.
Days after the Jan.
Two days after the missionaries and the Huaorani met, six tribal warriors attacked Palm Beach.
Days after the Jan.
Two days after the missionaries and the Huaorani met, six tribal warriors attacked Palm Beach.
Sometimes, I say this right after a TV camera operator has shoved an elbow in my ribs en route to nailing down a prime viewing position at some politician's news conference.
More often, I say it after watching TV news crews mow down every person, object and human sensibility in their paths as they go about the gamy business of covering some tragedy or other.
I have no complaints about TV's decision to jump on the crash story and serve up the first reports literally within minutes after the plane hit the ground.
The Mexican government, which just had a one-in-six-years election, has a habit of covering up problems at election time, and owning up to them after it wins.
All of this is hopelessly subjective, of course, but it does explain the tale of the confused American news photographer who landed in Zurich after a trip around six African countries whose basket-case currencies he generically knew as the Gugu.
All of this is hopelessly subjective, of course, but it does explain the tale of the confused American news photographer who landed in Zurich after a trip around six African countries whose basket-case currencies he generically knew as the Gugu.
All of this is hopelessly subjective, of course, but it does explain the tale of the confused American news photographer who landed in Zurich after a trip around six African countries whose basket-case currencies he generically knew as the Gugu.
Moments after we returned, here came the park attendant.
Leonard's Irish accent may not be as consistent as True's, but, after all, his is an inner voice.
Thus, after a bit of scat, he is forced to admit that he ``originated scat when Louis Armstrong was still in the orphanage.'' You should remember the tall, lean Bagneris who, in the role of the Accordion Man, was the most memorable performer in the film version of Dennis Potter's ``Pennies From Heaven.'' He later wrote, directed and performed in the hit 1979 Off Broadway revue ``One Mo' Time.'' He's a fastidious, terrifically charismatic stage performer as is the young Norwegian-born and -bred Larsen, who never moves from his seat at the piano.
Conditioned after raising six children, she still makes dessert from scratch almost every night, not knowing how many will show up with friends, still expecting dinner.
Among the more exotic selections are Tampa Bay Buccaneer Hardy Nickerson's gazpacho steak roll and Rickey Jackson's South of the Border Vegetable Kabobs (spiced to delight any New Orleans Saint -- even after he's been traded to the 49ers).
Byron Peck, an artist who has done 40 murals in Washington, has just completed one inspired by a two-day wave of looting and rock-throwing in 1991 after a black police officer shot a Hispanic man.
``Our company donated the costumes for the production.'' 	Her interest in the pageant grew after her husband was asked to be on the pageant's board of directors in 1964.
The game was encouraged, after the Civil War, as a big, nonviolent spectator sport to contain and pacify the European immigrants (hot-stovers argued then whether the game was better suited to the temperament of German or English stock); to escape women marching toward the vote, and to whip the white boys into shape for foreign wars and the industrial revolution.
Daniel Patrick Moynihan, D-N.Y., and after his sophomore year, he joined a volunteer Marine officer candidate school in Quantico, Va. ``My grandfather was a general in the Nationalist Chinese Air Force during World War II, and I grew up hearing the pilot stories and seeing pictures of him in uniform,'' he said.
12 after rejecting the owners' demand that they agree to a salary cap, a limit on what each team can spend each year on salaries.
``The owners' game of hardball virtually guarantees no spring training and no regular season next year, either,'' Metzenbaum said after Selig's announcement that the 1994 season was over.
12 after rejecting the owners' demand that they agree to a salary cap, a limit on what each team can spend each year on salaries.
``The owners' game of hardball virtually guarantees no spring training and no regular season next year, either,'' Metzenbaum said after Selig's announcement that the 1994 season was over.
She was dropped off in the basement garage of the wrong building well after midnight, and two men in a car started following her.
That year she failed an eye test, ending her fledgling police career after less than two years, she said.
``We'll be able to talk after a few days,'' said a young woman, indicating that people will feel free to speak after an invasion.
``But the timing of the dropping of the leaflets has no effect on the timing of a possible intervention.'' No date has been set for Aristide's return, but there has been talk of the president's arrival in Port-au-Price about 10 days after any invasion, Schrager said.
The bill was prompted by a series of deaths from contaminated meat in January and February 1993, when four died and 606 became ill after eating hamburgers containing the bacteria E.
She was dropped off in the basement garage of the wrong building well after midnight, and two men in a car started following her.
That year she failed an eye test, ending her fledgling police career after less than two years, she said.
	But despite his unexpected wide reach and promises in his victory speech to unify and heal the city after four years of deficits and cutbacks under Mrs.
In poll after poll, Americans have answered, ``No.'' Haitians need help, but this is not the answer.
Meanwhile, congressional Democrats up for election are urging the president to wait until after the November elections.
``We've made a good start in changing the culture of the federal government,'' Gore told a group of reporters Wednesday after giving a status report to President Clinton on plans to ``reinvent'' the bureaucracy.
But by equally large margins, they say they don't trust our ability to do it right; or as we say down home, most of our folks think that the government would mess up a two-car parade.'' Later, when Gore was asked why poll after poll shows that the Clinton team has made no apparent dent in the deep antipathy toward Washington in the minds of many voters, he responded by listing the bright spots in the economy that have emerged since the Democrats reclaimed the White House 20 months ago.
For the next two hours, and again after dark, roving bands moved through the Shankill area, taking on the police from a distance.
``We'll be able to talk after a few days,'' said a young woman, indicating that people will feel free to speak after an invasion.
``But the timing of the dropping of the leaflets has no effect on the timing of a possible intervention.'' No date has been set for Aristide's return, but there has been talk of the president's arrival in Port-au-Price about 10 days after any invasion, Schrager said.
Such niceness palls after awhile.
In her noblesse-oblige way, the former first lady means well and does good; after eight years of Nancy Reagan, who would not have embraced her?
For casual golf fans who are used to seeing stroke play events week after week on television, the Presidents Cup will be a dramatic departure from the norm.
If the match is all square after 18 holes, sudden death will ensue for as many holes as necessary.
has soared eight times its normal volume this week and the stock price increased $1 after an industry publication said the company is a possible takeover target.
``Training horses was what I wanted to do.'' So, he got his trainer's license in 1940 and, after serving in the China-Burma-India Theater in the Army for two and a half years, he finally got down to his horses.
 (BC-RAC-CROLL-HOLYBULL-2NDTAKE-NYT) Bob Levy, the owner of Housebuster and of Atlantic City Race Course, flew home Wednesday with Croll after they attended the Keeneland horse sales in Kentucky, and said that ``money will never change Jimmy Croll.
``So, after the Woodward, I'll blister his ankles to tighten them, and I'll refresh him.
Last week, after just two days of filming, Genevieve Bujold quit her starring role as Captain Elizabeth Janeway, commander of the starship USS Voyager, home base for the new series.
People close to the show say the 52-year-old, French-Canadian Ms. Bujold, cast after a months-long search and after all the other actors were in place, was unfamiliar with the ``Star Trek'' series and its prominent place in American pop culture.
Paramount's apparent miscalculation concerning Ms. Bujold does not begin to approach the historic mistake made by NBC in 1969, when, after a three-year run, it canceled the original ``Star Trek'' series.
Earlier this year Paramount stopped making new episodes of ``The Next Generation'' after a successful seven-year run, after last year revealing its plans for ``Voyager.'' The new series would be centered on a marooned starship, beset by unfathomable interstellar forces during a battle with space guerrillas and cast into uncharted regions.
Finally, after he returned to Paris in 1982, he decided to do a magazine on his own, and the first Lettre Internationale appeared in June 1984.
``I decided I should stop running after people,'' he said from his Paris Lettre office, which he still maintains.
Downe, a former director of Bear, Stearns & Co. and the former husband of Charlotte Ford, the automobile heiress, was sentenced to 3,000 hours of community service in September 1993, after pleading guilty to wire fraud and tax violations.
The statement said, ``Mr. Downe neither admitted nor denied any violations of the securities laws'' and had ``finally settled with the SEC after incurring extensive legal costs for several years in order to devote his full attention to business pursuits.'' The SEC charged in 1992 that during the mid- to late 1980s, Downe and a number of his friends and business associates had exchanged inside information to reap millions of dollars of profits through stock transactions carried out by Milton Weigner, a former senior broker at Oppenheimer & Co. who pleaded guilty to perjury in the case.
SPIEGEL: Aren't even you, after two decades of never-ending inventing and always being on the jump, faced with occasional mental fatigue?
SPIEGEL: My knowledge of these people is based on books, in other words, seen through the same lens that seems to distort many other things, but after all -I'll take the comparison as a compliment.
``I contemplated this being my last year at the outset, and when my left knee started acting up again right after the All-Star break, I seriously felt that sealed it, that I'd had enough problems with the knee over my career.'' Dawson fell silent for a moment, sitting back in his dining room chair.
When Hirsch joined the club last March after Olympic duty with Team Canada, he too expressed disenchantment after Keenan made him sit for a week before Hirsch was assigned to the minor leagues.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Despite the retail vigor, most analysts held to the belief that the Federal Reserve would wait until its November policy meeting, after Election Day, to move short-term interest rates up another notch in its effort to help the economy glide back to a growth rate of about 2.5 percent.
Wesbury, chief economist at Griffin, Kubik, Stephens & Thompson in Chicago, said Wednesday after digesting this week's inflation and sales figures.
The Commerce Department's tally of retail sales, which is adjusted for seasonal and holiday variations but not for price changes, showed sales of durable goods up 1.3 percent in August after falling six-tenths of 1 percent in July.
Just as the painted images are both lovely and vague, so the choreographic ones tend to dissolve only an instant after they taken shape.
``But after I settled in and I went to school and I met the guys on the football team, everybody was nice to me.
``But he'll come in after school for extra help.
``I felt good for my first time on the ice,'' Mullen said after skating through drills with his teammates for an hour.
BEYOND THE HAITIAN HYPE: SHOWDOWN IN BOSNIA WASHINGTON  (BC-SAFIRE-COLUMN-NYT) After the president has addressed the nation about his need to make good on his stream of threats to the Haitian junta; after partisans in Congress do their mutual somersaults on the War Powers Act; after we hail a victory over a pipsqueak principality in a war of nerves or forces -- then a real foreign-policy crisis will have to be faced.
Such a veto would split the Atlantic Alliance, invite a radical drawdown of U.S. troops in Europe and undermine what would be left of NATO after its failure in Bosnia.
Success in such high-stakes diplomacy would be remembered long after the brouhaha in Haiti is forgotten.
Instead of watching the Houston Astro pitcher retrieve the baseballs that he frequently threw in his backyard and that rolled into theirs, they've seen him coming after more and more golf balls that he chipped awry.
Now, after a 34-day strike, the baseball owners have called an end to the season.
But after Shiseido appealed, the Tokyo High Court ruled Wednesday that the company's policies did not violate antitrust laws.
Last year, the normally docile agency raided Shiseido's offices after another retailer, Kawachiya Ltd., complained of also being cut off for offering deep discounts in its stores.
The shutdown occurred minutes after the opening of trading of the board's agricultural contracts at 9:30 a.m., central time.
WITH HAMPTON OUT, GIANTS WILL BE RUNNING BY COMMITTEE EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J.  (BC-FBN-GIANTS-475&ADD-NYT) Rodney Hampton was on his way back from Phoenix Wednesday night after spending several days in the hospital with a bruised kidney.
The Giants hope this patchwork lineup can carry them past the Washington Redskins on Sunday; after that they have a bye week, and it's possible Hampton could be back by Oct.
In fact, Mazzoli said he felt no political pressure, from the public or elsewhere in government, to create an ``efficient, up-to-snuff INS.'' In fact, almost a decade and a half after he took over the immigration subcommittee, Mazzoli sighed as he discussed his efforts to solve just one of the immigration service's many endemic problems.
``They could have waited until after the season.'' John Dejana, a 60-year-old draftsman who helps design sprinkler systems at Higgins Fire Protection in Hempstead, N.Y., said the baseball season had already been dead for him.
Later, after daybreak, the United States continued its psychological warfare against the Haitian military by bringing a warship into the harbor for several hours and sending helicopters over the city.
But few did after daybreak, because roving bands of attaches beat anyone caught carrying them.
But, following the pattern set after the United States' psychological warfare operation on Sunday, hundreds of poor Haitians flocked to food distribution points, fearing the supply would be cut off if the U.S. military invades.
The morning after Macy and Federated hammered out an agreement to merge, Kahn was spotted having breakfast at the Regency with Allen Questrom, Federated's chairman and chief executive, which in the instinctive world of retailing was regarded as portentous.
Simmons, by contrast, has used a methodology called ``through the book,'' named after the interviewing process by which respondents page through mockups of actual issues to determine whether they have read those publications.
Bowles, however, is dedicated to regaining departed clients, declaring, ``If I didn't believe that, I wouldn't be here.'' Ms. McPheters said she was ``particularly excited'' by the Simmons' measures ``to further develop magazine audience research.'' For instance, in another change, Simmons will part company with Mediamark in compiling and reporting readership and marketing data in single reports by separating them into a ``New Study of Media and Markets'' along with the ``Survey of American Readership.'' Ms. McPheters, 44, joins Simmons after only recently arriving at Gruner & Jahr U.S.A. Publishing, which acquired her previous employer, The New York Times Company Women's Magazines, where she was senior vice president and group executive.
Others advise waiting even longer, because Exxon's bill could be reduced after appeals.
Even if the jury awards the full $15 billion that the plaintiffs' lawyers are seeking, analysts say that Exxon, the world's second-largest publicly traded oil company, after Royal Dutch/Shell, has the financial strength and legal stamina to suffer only limited damage.
And both sides will claim to be unwilling victims because this is, after all, a conundrum of the other side's making.
And that is the layer after layer after layer of distrust and dislike and, in some cases, just pure hatred.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Now, no one can say what comes after Wednesday.
``It was not intentional,'' the company's 	Tormey, who is in charge of public relations, said that after 800,000 catalogs were mailed to regular customers, 20 or so curious callers contacted the company to ask about the model, 41-year-old 	Nordstrom's advertising attempts ``to include a range of ages and body styles,'' said Tormey, including a targeted figure of one-third models of color.
``It was not intentional,'' the company's 	Tormey, who is in charge of public relations, said that after 800,000 catalogs were mailed to regular customers, 20 or so curious callers contacted the company to ask about the model, 41-year-old 	Nordstrom's advertising attempts ``to include a range of ages and body styles,'' said Tormey, including a targeted figure of one-third models of color.
Rush trained Taylor for the next 11 years, until Taylor's second professional fight, after which the emerging junior welterweight contender left him for another trainer.
Chavez (90-1-1, 70 knockouts) proclaimed he is ``not a robot,'' and that his two lackluster performances against Frankie Randall -- a January loss and a May victory after an accidental head butt -- were the product of a fighter, not a demigod.
``I blame Lou Duva for that loss,'' said Rush, referring to the controversial 1990 bout that was halted by Referee Richard Steele with two seconds left after Taylor failed to respond after a knockdown.
Andre Blais, a professor of political science at the University of Montreal, said the returns were ``a big shock for the party,'' and added, ``If someone else besides Parizeau were leader, they might be talking now about a replacement.'' Parizeau, 64, a hard-liner who has never wavered in his commitment to independence, rebuilt the party after bitter divisions in the mid-1980's.
Let's decide.'' But the Parti Quebecois chief indicated he would delay passing a resolution in the Assembly expressing Quebec's will to become a sovereign country, a move the party's platform had promised for soon after the election.
The resolution, a key part of the party's plan to begin the process of separation after the election, has come in for harsh criticism from federalists as undemocratic.
23, just after the Liberal premier, Daniel Johnson, formally submits his resignation to the lieutenant governor of the province, Martial Asselin.
The basis of Wednesday night's agreement was reached in March after four years of negotiations.
Poland was the fourth-largest debtor among developing countries, coming after several big Latin American nations that had each reached its own debt-reduction agreement.
The Moncriefs' lawyers said in a court filing that the IRS was probably relying on a ``revenge-seeking ex-employee.'' Two people familiar with the Moncriefs' business affairs said that a former employee in their company's accounting operations, who left after disagreements, may be cooperating with prosecutors.
Marino has quieted skeptics who questioned whether he had recovered from surgery after suffering a a torn Achilles' tendon last October against the Cleveland Browns.
``I said if I practiced on Wednesday I'd play on Sunday,'' he said after practicing Wednesday with the toe taped and inserted in a shoe a half size larger.
Of the 30 component stocks that make up the Dow industrials, 20 stocks rose, led by Caterpillar, which rose 1.50, to 55.125, after its announcement of sharply higher heavy-equipment exports to Mexico.
WHEAT, CORN, SOYBEANS FALL DURING SHORTENED SESSION  (BC-MIDWEST-COMMODITIES-KAN) KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Kansas City wheat futures and Chicago wheat, corn and soybean futures prices fell Wednesday after a shortened trading session at the Chicago Board of Trade.
Board of Trade spokeswoman Deborah Kostroun said a problem with hardware had been identified and normal trading was expected Thursday.(9/15) The market closed at 9:37 a.m. central time, seven minutes after grain futures trading began.
Even so, McCaffrey said he would continue to press for passage of the bill by two committees Monday and by the full Council within 10 days after that.
``We might as well throw away the rest of the contract then.'' About 200 of the Camden diocese's lay teachers struck the system's eight high schools Sunday after Bishop James T.
On the day after both Pataki and Cuomo easily won their primary races, the governor, a three-term incumbent, kicked off his general election campaign by announcing a new state-financed transportation program in Buffalo.
``The only changes these guys are good at is change of position,'' he said after accepting the endorsement of Local 100 of the Transport Workers Union in Manhattan.
I don't want to take the playoffs and the World Series and have pitchers pitching three and four innings.'' Selig became acting commissioner two years and one week ago after the owners forced Fay Vincent to resign as commissioner.
 (BC-BBO-SEASON-2NDTAKE-NYT) They also proposed eliminating salary arbitration and reducing eligibility for free agency from six years to four years, though establishing the right-of-first-refusal for players who are free agents after their fourth or fifth year in the major leagues.
 (BC-CONN-ASSESS-ELN-490&ADD-NYT) One day after rocking the state's Democratic Party with a primary victory over its endorsed gubernatorial candidate, William E.
Few people ventured out after dark Wednesday night.
I can only say that in May, I knew my father was right when he said that after nine years in the major leagues, my brother had found his zone.
We are, after all, products of our two parents and of a certain American dream.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS)  For most Mets, the news came days -- even weeks -- after they had begun to treat the strike as the start of the off season, rather than a brief interruption of the game.
I became homeless after my mother's death, hit the streets and dropped out of school, flirted with every temptation that was around, became a teen parent before my time, felt left out and victimized.'' Mfume said he turned his life around after a sort of religious epiphany.
``It will become a much more attractive facility after the renovation.'' The group tentatively has no objections to the renovation because it does not include an expansion and traffic has not been an issue with residents.
I'm trying to give the listener the sense that this is a story full of these extraordinary characters so that, hopefully, they will forget it's just me reading the story.'' Redgrave said ``Gone With the Wind'' is ``a big read, it's a hard read, in that you have to keep your energy up, day after day.'' Part of the challenge, along with juggling massive blocks of narrative and a large cast of primary characters, is to make the secondary characters -- more than 50, by Redgrave's count -- come alive as separate people.
The difficulty surfaced soon after the mission began Friday, limiting the observations of clouds, dust and volcanic ash in the atmosphere.
Then you realize after you've had a few of those relationships, that's not love, that's my type.
That's not to suggest there might not be some change in the future.'' A Pentagon official said that flights of reporters to the refugee camps at Guantanamo Bay naval base in Cuba will be suspended after Wednesday because the Defense Department plans to use it as a staging area for the Haiti invasion.
``Sears plans in the future to expand the telephone answering service to a `round-the-clock' system, which will permit ordering and deliveries after store hours, and will be particularly valuable to customers working nights or late hours who cannot shop or order during daytime shifts,'' WWD announced.
Wrong, or so I found out, after inquiring about a sticker that was stuck on a wall at my house by a prior resident.
Kelly, who swept into office four years ago as a reformer on the heels of Barry's drug arrest and conviction after 12 years as mayor, was thoroughly rejected, receiving only 13 percent of the vote.
I think we have the potential to win 16 seats that are currently held by Democrats.'' Florida's Graham disputed the notion of heavy losses and said after the luncheon that he believes the Senate ratio of Democrats to Republicans will stay ``about the same.'' 
Most of the drugs seized in the cases have already been destroyed by police as a matter of routine disposal of evidence six months after a case is resolved.
Law enforcement sources say they began investigating the technician last week, after a lab colleague ``concerned about the integrity of the lab'' notified authorities.
I think we have the potential to win 16 seats that are currently held by Democrats.'' Florida's Graham disputed the notion of heavy losses and said after the luncheon that he believes the Senate ratio of Democrats to Republicans will stay ``about the same.'' 
Indeed, the Liberals' defeat had more to do with high unemployment and low regard for the party after nine years in office.
All three steps looked less certain the morning after the election, but this battle is far from over.
David Estrada was arrested four blocks from the school, after a police officer got a description of him from Ferguson only minutes after the shooting.
Wednesday was the first day this year that security officers searched students at Sheepshead Bay, where detectors were introduced in November 1993 after a fatal shooting at Thomas Jefferson High School in March 1992 spurred the city to upgrade security at certain schools.
The suspect ran from the school into the nearby Sheepshead Bay Housing Project immediately after the shooting, and he was found with the ammunition clip on his body, police said.
In 1993, a 16-year-old Brooklyn youth shot twin brothers when they were walking home from the school after an argument.
``But it's very difficult to change what they get outside.'' The school was closed after the shooting, and students gathered across the street.
And all of a sudden after the sixth period, I hear the loudspeaker say that someone has been shot.
When I heard it was Maurice, all I could say was, `Oh, man.''' Friends of Maurice Ferguson described him as a friendly, easygoing youth who looked after his two younger sisters and was quick to lend money to friends in the school cafeteria.
He played basketball after school, they said, with a zest that made up for his lack of height.
Mayor David Dinkins, for example, sold buildings to professional management companies, but scrapped the program after tenant advocates complained that some new landlords were not meeting their obligations to tenants.
The FTC is said to be worried about the concentration of power in the cable home shopping industry that Tele-Communications would hold after such a deal.
and would own 43 percent of QVC after a merger.
Meanwhile, many Wall Street analysts and investment bankers have predicted that Southwestern Bell, currently the nation's sixth-largest cellular operator, will cement an alliance with AT&T soon after the deal with McCaw closes.
And the company suddenly finds itself without a wireless strategy, after recently calling off its plans to team up with Nextel Communications, which is building a nationwide wireless network by upgrading radio services for taxi and truck fleets.
Kelly, who swept into office four years ago as a reformer on the heels of Barry's drug arrest and conviction after 12 years as mayor, was thoroughly rejected, receiving only 13 percent of the vote.
22, said Robinson, is that Officer Peter DelDebbio, without identifying himself as a police officer, shot him in the back twice, and then, after a ``considerable delay,'' two more times after he had tumbled to the ground and was lying unarmed on the platform.
``I was shot four times in the back, and I can't speak for why he did it.'' DelDebbio, with the assistance of two New York City police officers, arranged to meet with Robinson at his bedside three days after the shooting.
 (BC-NY-COPS-SHOT-2NDTAKE-NYT) Robinson's account is troubling to investigators for a number of reasons: they cannot reconcile his account with where he was found on the platform after the shooting; the initial examination by the pathologist working for the district attorney's office led to a preliminary conclusion that Robinson received one entrance wound to the chest; and more than one eyewitness has given versions markedly at odds with Robinson's.
Under an agreement with two consumer groups that initially opposed the rate hike, 20th Century will reduce the increase from 6 percent to an average of 3 percent after the company replenishes its surplus.
AFTER HARD RACE, BURSTEIN PLUNGES INTO ATTACKS ON REPUBLICAN RIVAL NEW YORK  (BC-NY-BURSTEIN-ELN-725(2TAKES)-NYT) Minutes after her underdog victory was finally proclaimed, Karen S.
``But if he does go after that,'' one said, ``it's going to be OK.
SPECULATION MOUNTS THAT WILDER WILL WITHDRAW RICHMOND, Va.  (BC-VA-WILDER-ELN-NYT) Hours after two polls were made public showing that L.
It began shortly after Mrs.
Cortines, said after the shooting Wednesday.
The system, ordered for some troubled New York City high schools after the killing of two students at Thomas Jefferson High in 1992, relies on automatically locking doors and computerized alarms in high schools.
FORTUNE PETROLEUM'S STOCK SOARS LOS ANGELES  (BC-FORTUNE-TRADING-LADN) Trading in Fortune Petroleum Corp.'s stock soared eight times its normal volume this week and the share price increased about $1 after an industry publication listed the company as an attractive takeover target.
Fortune's market activity hit 102,000 shares Tuesday, up from 28,900 Monday, one day after ``Oil and Gas Investor'' included the company in a list of acquisition possibilities because its stock price appeared undervalued in relation to its assets.
Pasquini resigned in June after disagreeing with the board of directors over putting some California properties up for sale.
DEMOTED POLICE OFFICIAL MEETS WITH LAPD CHIEF LOS ANGELES  (BC-LAPD-PARKS-LADN) Two days after his demotion by Police Chief Willie L.
``Without congressional support for building a democracy long after the forces are withdrawn, the goal of restoring democracy is unlikely to be achieved,'' Nunn said.
	For the last seven months, Corelitz, 45, has served as a consultant after resigning from Bayer Bess Vanderwarker in Chicago, where he was an executive vice president and managing director.
Under an agreement with two consumer groups that initially opposed the rate hike, 20th Century will reduce the increase from 6 percent to an average of 3 percent after the company replenishes its surplus.
FORTUNE PETROLEUM'S STOCK SOARS LOS ANGELES  (BC-FORTUNE-TRADING-LADN) Trading in Fortune Petroleum Corp.'s stock soared eight times its normal volume this week and the share price increased about $1 after an industry publication listed the company as an attractive takeover target.
Fortune's market activity hit 102,000 shares Tuesday, up from 28,900 Monday, one day after ``Oil and Gas Investor'' included the company in a list of acquisition possibilities because its stock price appeared undervalued in relation to its assets.
Pasquini resigned in June after disagreeing with the board of directors over putting some California properties up for sale.
29 after reporting nearly a month late and out of shape on Aug.
You really don't know how good of football shape you are in until you put on the pads and get out there and play.'' Bunch spent three years with the Giants after being drafted in the first round out of Michigan.
McCallum, who had an artery in his left knee replaced after his leg was twisted severely against the San Francisco 49ers, was put on injured reserve.
I have to play better.'' Granato, who turned 30 in July, said his back is fine after a summer's worth of work with a physical therapist back home in Madison, Wis.
Not long after her racing career began, she took part in a developmental program at the Olympic training center in Colorado Springs, Colo., where she was told that it normally takes at least five years to become a proficient racer.
The Heisman candidate is averaging 181.5 rushing yards, 261 all-purpose yards and 28 yards per kickoff return after two games.
Roseberry, a grandfather, recently returned to school after solving problems stemming from his dyslexia.
According to Dr. Gerald Pollack, who worked on the 1991 study, there was a rapid drop in DDT levels after the ban.
At the big tracks, Flores' business declined after Bobby Frankel stopped using him.
President Clinton, lamenting to reporters in Washington the premature end of ``what could have been the best baseball season in 50 years,'' said of the antitrust issue, ``I don't see how we can avoid a serious examination of it in light of what has happened now to the American people.'' Baseball, after all, is supposed to be the game of the American people, the national pastime.
Minor leaguers in big league uniforms might not draw 1,000 after opening day.
ROYALS' CEO HOPES FOR THE BEST  (BC-BB-GLASS-KAN) Glass, also Wal-Mart CEO, flew from his Bentonville, Ark., office to meet with reporters at Kauffman Stadium after the remainder of the major-league season was canceled.
Glass said he still is interested in buying the Royals but only after the labor dispute is resolved.
Further, they have maintained that subsequent searches were illegal because the warrants were issued after an officer provided a judge with misleading information.
FOUL PLAY SUSPECTED IN GAME'S DEATH  (BC-NEVIUS-COLUMN-SF CHRON) Baseball died Wednesday, after a long and painful illness.
``We will begin right after the recess, as soon as the elections are over, once we wrap up the health-care plan, invade Haiti and settle this Cuba thing.'' While most of the nation mourned, there were those who wondered how Baseball had lived so long.
Greene said the decision to return the show to Los Angeles was helped after Riordan and a host committee of music-industry executives stepped up efforts to get the private sector to help sponsor Grammy-related programs in Los Angeles schools.
Greene said the decision to return the show to Los Angeles was helped after Riordan and a host committee of music-industry executives stepped up efforts to get the private sector to help sponsor Grammy-related programs in Los Angeles schools.
We don't know whether we should sign our own free agents, or whether to go after others.
The 49ers long have considered it important that new players, especially those signed after the start of a season, fit in.
Now that there is no World Series (and no five days after it), and no salary arbitration if the owners successfully impose their new system, Claire isn't sure what to tell Gross -- or when.
Coming off a medical redshirt season, he rushed for 133 yards in the opener against Tennessee and 158 last week against Southern Methodist, prompting a former Mustang on the sidelines to approach him after the game.
Shah's 291 yards are the most by a UCLA player after two games since Freeman McNeil rushed for 295 in 1979.
Coming off a medical redshirt season, he rushed for 133 yards in the opener against Tennessee and 158 last week against Southern Methodist, prompting a former Mustang on the sidelines to approach him after the game.
Shah's 291 yards are the most by a UCLA player after two games since Freeman McNeil rushed for 295 in 1979.
Last season, his brother, Sharrieff, a starting strong safety at Utah, retired from football after the third game of his senior season because of a herniated disc.
It's the same role Hicks has played this year after leading the Bruins in rushing last season.
``Right after the game coach (Terry) Donahue talked to me and told me they needed me on defense,'' said Williams, from Crespi High School.
Taylor Smith, the Falcons' president, obviously did not agree with that, saying, ``It appears now that he just strung us along.'' Money to sign Sanders became available to the 49ers after they restructured the contracts of defensive starters Tim McDonald, Ken Norton and Gary Plummer, saving about $1.3 million under the salary cap.
HAVANA  (BC-ARCHDEACON-CUBA-(2takes)-COX) We made our way up the dark, dank-smelling stairwell of the run-down apartment building and pushed through the thread-bare laundry that hung, line after line, across the courtyard balconies.
Janet fell in love with my friend and, after two years of legal wrangling, he brought her to Miami.
Late one night, after a few drinks at a bar on the outskirts of Havana, Bill and I found ourselves stuck.
Because, after years of volunteering for nearly every ownership committee that needed members, Selig was his fellow owners' popular choice to become acting commissioner after his good buddy Jerry Reinsdorf of the White Sox and other owners (including the Dodgers' Peter O'Malley) orchestrated the ouster of strong-willed Fay Vincent two years ago.
7, 1992, when Vincent stepped down after an 18-9-1 owners vote asked for his resignation four days earlier.
Because, after years of volunteering for nearly every ownership committee that needed members, Selig was his fellow owners' popular choice to become acting commissioner after his good buddy Jerry Reinsdorf of the White Sox and other owners (including the Dodgers' Peter O'Malley) orchestrated the ouster of strong-willed Fay Vincent two years ago.
7, 1992, when Vincent stepped down after an 18-9-1 owners vote asked for his resignation four days earlier.
No more having to listen to ``Fly Me to the Moon'' after every Rangers' home victory.
The '94 season died yesterday after a long illness.
Free agents will not sign contracts because, after all, how's a guy supposed to pay his bills on only $1.2 million?
Few of the scenarios are appealing, but here is a look at what lies ahead: They took 18 months after reopening the Basic Agreement at the 1992 Winter Meetings to come up with their plan, and they did not alter it a bit since presenting it to the union June 14.
But, after all that has transpired, how far from a last resort can baseball really be?
Johnson was named the Rangers' interim general manager after Grieve was fired yesterday, and intends to interview for the permanent position.
He had mixed feelings after learning his good friend was fired, but a telephone call from Grieve convinced him it would not be an act of disloyalty to seek the job.
The Rangers went 86-76 under Kennedy, finished in second place, and there was much crowing after the season that the franchise had final turned the corner.
