Nolan Ryan named one of his sons after Reese and used to bring him boxes of cigars large enough to hang sides of beef on.
He was, after all, a man who went about his 78 years of baseball business in a modest and understated manner.
One day after his death, the team's blue practice jerseys bore a black patch with Reese's name and jersey number.
Segui finished with the third-best fielding percentage at the position in the American League last season before being traded to the Mets after the Orioles signed the free agent first baseman Rafael Palmeiro.
One Seattle paper went so far as to use a 1991 photo of Showalter holding his daughter Allie the day he was named Yankee manager -- moments after Allie had twisted his cap around backward, a la Griffey.
Throughout the film he suggests that Ray is bothered by his mother's sexuality, yet he never overdramatizes what is, after all, an intimate response.
But gladly, for all parties involved, Scott Davis is back after a two-year hiatus.
``I wanted to prove to myself that there was life after football,'' Davis said.
Football's in my blood.'' At 6-foot-7, 280 pounds, Davis is a little out of shape after two years but thinks that training camp will be the perfect chance to get back into playing shape.
Free agents gone: Two free agents on the defense were cut after the first practice on Thursday.
Also, free agent Jerry Ball was in practice after being excused the first three days because of a prior commitment.
One of the projects he had after leaving NBC's ``Game of the Week'' in 1989 (when CBS took over) was work for Vince McMahon as the coordinating producer of the World Wrestling Federation syndicated shows on USA Network.
So many lines are blurred now.'' As for husband Dick Stockton hanging around the house as a network spy for Fox after his 20-plus-year run at CBS, Visser doesn't see problems leaking the sound bites she gathers.
 (BC-FBN-RAIDERS-BELL-LADN) Nick Bell strolled out of the Raiders' locker room after the morning practice the second day of training camp in Oxnard and did a double take.
The Raiders drafted him in the second round in 1991 after Bell informed several teams he wasn't willing to become a fullback.
I have to provide for those people.'' Bell is eager to become a father, but hopes the birth comes after his wife's due date of Sept.
Most questions focused on the feud, after Romario (A) was the only Brazilian not to congratulate Rai; (B) trudged alone to the locker room before any of his teammates; and (C) ducked the interview session.
Romario, after five goal-filled seasons with PSV Eindhoven in Holland, topped Spain with 30 this year.
She gave birth to a healthy boy July 7, and two days later Bebeto and Romario were swinging their arms together at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas, rocking an imaginary baby after Bebeto's goal gave Brazil a 2-0 lead on the Dutch.
HAMSTRING INJURY MAY KEEP BAGGIO OUT OF CUP FINAL WARREN, N.J.  (BC-SOC-ITALY-LADN) A day after Italy's dramatic 2-1 victory over Bulgaria in the semifinals of the World Cup, one question superseded all others: ``How's Roberto?'' Roberto Baggio, who scored both of his team's goals, strained his right hamstring late in Wednesday's game at Giants Stadium.
``We were tired after our (4-3) semifinal match against Germany,'' Riva said.
Riva, who is as close with Baggio as Sacchi is distant, played a key role in lifting the superstar's spirits after his slow start in the World Cup.
In its next game against Norway, goalie Gianluca Pagliuca was ejected after 20 minutes for an intentional handball outside the penalty box.
Gilbert and Sullivan after listening to Wagner for five years.
Most of those in attendance came to see Ken Griffey Jr. show Showalter up after the Yankee manager's criticism of Griffey in a New York Times Magazine story last Sunday.
``I have to believe in what I am doing and follow it to the end,'' he said Thursday after a light training session with the Brazilian reserve players (the starters in Wednesday's 1-0 semifinal win over Sweden got the day off).
(John Giannini/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT20) UNDATED -- July 14, 1994 -- HARASS-SCHOOLS-LAW, 7-14 -- Lawsuits by students accusing schools of permitting harassment or sex discrimination are on the rise after a court ruling allowing students to seek damages.
At dusk, the lighthouse at Montauk Point is an exhilarating sight after cycling a total of 137 miles.
JULY 17 WITH WALTERS-MOVIES BY MATT WOLF 	(NYT7) BILLINGHURST, England -- July 14, 1994 -- WALTERS-MOVIES, 7-14 -- Julie Walters, at age 44, may be cornering the British film market in portraying older women 11 years after her Oscar nomination in the 1983 film ``Educating Rita.'' Ms. Walters relaxes at a hotel near her home in Sussex England.
JULY 17 WITH POP-MUSIC-REGIONAL BY JON PARELES 	(NYT2) CHICAGO, Illinois -- July 14, 1994 -- POP-MUSIC-REGIONAL-CLR-1, 7-14 -- Veruca Salt, named after the character in the book ``Charlie and the Chocolate Factory'', has an album coming out this fall produced by Brad Wood who worked on Liz Phair's stunning ``Exile in Guyville.'' (Paul L.
(John Giannini/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT20) UNDATED -- July 14, 1994 -- HARASS-SCHOOLS-LAW, 7-14 -- Lawsuits by students accusing schools of permitting harassment or sex discrimination are on the rise after a court ruling allowing students to seek damages.
At dusk, the lighthouse at Montauk Point is an exhilarating sight after cycling a total of 137 miles.
JULY 17 WITH WALTERS-MOVIES BY MATT WOLF 	(NYT7) BILLINGHURST, England -- July 14, 1994 -- WALTERS-MOVIES, 7-14 -- Julie Walters, at age 44, may be cornering the British film market in portraying older women 11 years after her Oscar nomination in the 1983 film ``Educating Rita.'' Ms. Walters relaxes at a hotel near her home in Sussex England.
JULY 17 WITH POP-MUSIC-REGIONAL BY JON PARELES 	(NYT2) CHICAGO, Illinois -- July 14, 1994 -- POP-MUSIC-REGIONAL-CLR-1, 7-14 -- Veruca Salt, named after the character in the book ``Charlie and the Chocolate Factory'', has an album coming out this fall produced by Brad Wood who worked on Liz Phair's stunning ``Exile in Guyville.'' (Paul L.
(John Giannini/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT20) UNDATED -- July 14, 1994 -- HARASS-SCHOOLS-LAW, 7-14 -- Lawsuits by students accusing schools of permitting harassment or sex discrimination are on the rise after a court ruling allowing students to seek damages.
At dusk, the lighthouse at Montauk Point is an exhilarating sight after cycling a total of 137 miles.
JULY 17 WITH WALTERS-MOVIES BY MATT WOLF 	(NYT7) BILLINGHURST, England -- July 14, 1994 -- WALTERS-MOVIES, 7-14 -- Julie Walters, at age 44, may be cornering the British film market in portraying older women 11 years after her Oscar nomination in the 1983 film ``Educating Rita.'' Ms. Walters relaxes at a hotel near her home in Sussex England.
JULY 17 WITH POP-MUSIC-REGIONAL BY JON PARELES 	(NYT2) CHICAGO, Illinois -- July 14, 1994 -- POP-MUSIC-REGIONAL-CLR-1, 7-14 -- Veruca Salt, named after the character in the book ``Charlie and the Chocolate Factory'', has an album coming out this fall produced by Brad Wood who worked on Liz Phair's stunning ``Exile in Guyville.'' (Paul L.
Though Pendleton's contract expires after this season, the Braves may retain him for 1995 by offering him arbitration.
More hurtful was Pendleton's premature return after missing five games.
It promises to be a season of transition for Houston, which after seven years of playoff pratfalls has made several fundamental changes in both personnel and philosophy.
The most glaring change, of course, is at quarterback, where Cody Carlson finally gets his big shot after seven years as Moon's understudy.
Pardee said there also will be times when White, who rushed for 1,226 yards in 1992, and Brown, who came out of nowhere last year to gain 1,002 yards in the final eight games after White was injured, will be in the same backfield.
It's also a concern to new defensive coordinator Jeff Fisher, a Buddy Ryan protege who was hired after Ryan left for Phoenix.
He played litle behind Jones last year after the Oilers picked him up on waivers from New England.
In any deal after that, the player would have to clear waivers, meaning another club could block it.
Finally, after the Giants swept the four-game series from Philadelphia, Berman again -- making a run for the Gozzlehead Hall of Fame -- mentioned that Strawberry's presence ``may have had'' something to do with the sweep.
Batsell said the situation called for a different approach, especially after 1993 turned into a bad hunting year.
I hope I feel that way about La Loma after the season is over.'' Officials in the state of Tamaulipas have not announced an official opening date, but Batsell said the grapevine has indicated Aug.
I stopped after adding two more but had to supplement with mustard to keep the tuna salad from being too dry.
Opportunistic cedar trees only came along after early pioneers overgrazed and overplowed the waist-high grasses that once covered the hills of the Edwards Plateau.
Going there for dessert after the theater is pleasant but a make-do.
But Groom isn't complaining, especially after the movie grossed more than $24 million the opening weekend.
	Backbeat R 	Meet the Beatles before they were the Beatles in this British film about the birth of the legendary band and the death of Stuart Sutcliffe, the so-called ``Fifth Beatle.'' 	Bad Girls R 	Madeleine Stowe, Andie MacDowell, Drew Barrymore and Mary Stuart Masterson are working girls out West, on the run to Oregon, after Stowe plugs a murderously unruly client.
The lion cub Simba (voice by Jonathan Taylor Thomas, then Matthew Broderick) must reclaim his throne after his evil uncle, Scar (Jeremy Irons) connives to have Simba's father, King Mufasa (James Earl Jones), killed.
	Philadelphia PG-13 	Tom Hanks gives an Oscar-winning performance as a fast-track lawyer who sues his former firm after being fired for incompetence after he discovers he's HIV-positive.
	The Shadow PG-13 	It's a shame ``The Shadow'' came along after ``Batman'' and ``Dick Tracy.'' It borrows the best elements of both -- ``Batman's'' brooding cityscapes and eerie atmosphere, combined with ``Tracy's'' lighter touch and wittier art design.
	(NYT3) UNDATED -- July 15, 1994 -- HARASS-SCHOOLS-LAW, 7-14 -- Lawsuits by students accusing schools of permitting harassment or sex discrimination are on the rise after a court ruling allowing students to seek damages.
At top, Briceda Guioth de Espinosa manages the corner store she open in a poor Bogota neighborhood after her husband left her.
We don't go after government money.
TRADING A SPACESUIT FOR A BRUSH AND EASEL HOUSTON  (BC-APOLLO-BEAN-750(2Takes)-TEX) During the Apollo program and after it, Alan Bean was and remained different from the others.
``Hubert Humphrey, for one, in some of his speeches said, `If we can put a man on the moon, we ought to be able to put a man on his feet in this country.' Also, after the (moon) landing, there was gradual erosion of our national self-confidence, the belief that we could do anything we set out to do.
This commander of the Apollo 13 mission amazed even NASA scientists by safely bringing his crew home after a midspace explosion crippled their spacecraft.
The second American in space was suspected of panicking and accidentally sinking his space capsule after it had splash-landed, but he was later fully exonerated.
Zedillo, a member of the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI, and one of the architects of the country's economic reforms, emerged as Salinas' handpicked successor after the assassination of Luis Donaldo Colosio.
Mexico's leading investigative magazine, Processo, reported that shortly after Salinas was elected in 1988 -- many believe he stole that election from Cardenas -- Azcarraga proclaimed, ``We are for the PRI, members of the PRI, (and) we don't believe in any other solution.
The money offer was later withdrawn after international news agencies began publishing accounts of the story and opposition party leaders accused Azcarraga and others of trying to buy the presidency.
It is perhaps the most powerful Mexican institution after the government.'' 
The public has a right to know while the person is a candidate, rather than only after election to office.'' Stern, nominated for governor by the Libertarian Party, is running on a three-point platform.
 (BC-TEEN-RESCUE-HNS) Jeime Lucas sent her boyfriend phone page after phone page.
He was trapped at the bottom of a ravine with a broken leg and other injuries he suffered after his car careered off Highway 1 near Montara, Calif., early Sunday.
I'm just telling him how much I feel for him, how much I need him, just letting him know I care.'' When she finally saw him Wednesday night, after he was flown to Stanford Medical Center, ``The first thing he said is he loves me,'' Lucas said.
He said all that time he was there, he was just praying.'' The teen-ager was in surgery for two hours Thursday, the day after two brothers walking near the ravine heard his cries for help.
Workers burst into tears, at least one woman fainted, and paramedics were summoned after the closure of La Conexion Familiar -- ``the family connection'' -- was announced over a loudspeaker Thursday at the company's offices at 55 Hawthorne St. ``They told us that the reason they're closing is they were losing money, but that's a lie,'' said Argelia Ardon, one of the employees who had supported joining the Communications Workers of America union.
Philip Harvey of the Department of Public Health arrived with a paramedic crew after the company's announcement at about 2 p.m. ``The company appeared to have been moving swiftly,'' Harvey said.
The first human steps on the moon were a badly needed success, coming a dozen years after the Soviet Union had launched its Sputnik satellite.
Four months later, the United States matched the feat after overcoming a frustrating string of failures.
On May 25, 1961, just three weeks after Shepard's suborbital trip, Kennedy announced a bold response to the Soviet challenge in a speech to a joint session of Congress.
The astronauts, however, returned to Earth safely on April 17 after a harrowing journey that looped them once around the moon without landing.
Young and Duke landed on the moon on April 20 after a steering system problem caused a near abort.
ADVANCE FOR SUNDAY, JULY 17 HOUSTON  (BC-APOLLO-MOONROCKS-$ADV17-HNS) A quarter-century after the first moon landing, the lunar dust has yet to settle -- at least here on Earth.
GOVERNMENT JOINS WAGE FRAUD SUIT BY CHINESE IMMIGRANT WORKERS SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-WAGE-FRAUD-SUIT-HNS) The U.S. Department of Justice has joined a $2.3 million suit by four Chinese immigrant workers allegedly fired by an Oakland, Calif., construction firm after they demanded the prevailing rate of pay.
And we will.'' For Sundisk, virtuality means designing generation after generation of the credit-card sized, memory devices, but not manufacturing the chips for the cards, or assembling or packaging the final product, most of which is done in Asia.
Parrie Haynes donated the property to the state for use to help the orphans of Texas after her husband died in 1953.
Just months after Christopher Buckley had finished his book on the politics of the tobacco lobby, cigarette company executives stood before a congressional committee, took oaths and testified there was no link between smoking and cancer as far as they knew.
Naylor, trying to rationalize what he does for a living, offers what Buckley calls ``the yuppie Nuremberg defense: I vas only paying ze mortgage.'' Buckley is an ex-smoker, having quit after watching a friend die of lung cancer.
And so it goes, as Rick Mirer shuffles through one box of fan mail after another.
But Largent was leaving after 14 seasons as the NFL's all-time leading receiver, and Bosworth was arriving amid the hype generated by his alter-ego, ``The Boz.'' Mirer was a rookie quarterback on a 6-10 team.
Just days after Clinton returned from his D-Day journey, his White House staff created a small furor by asking military officers to serve hors d'oeuvres at a Democratic Party event.
ADVANCE FOR SUNDAY, JULY 17 HOUSTON  (BC-APOLLO-MOONROCKS-$ADV17-HNS) A quarter-century after the first moon landing, the lunar dust has yet to settle -- at least here on Earth.
The astronauts, however, returned to Earth safely on April 17 after a harrowing journey that looped them once around the moon without landing.
Young and Duke landed on the moon on April 20 after a steering system problem caused a near abort.
Four months later, the United States matched the feat after overcoming a frustrating string of failures.
On May 25, 1961, just three weeks after Shepard's suborbital trip, Kennedy announced a bold response to the Soviet challenge in a speech to a joint session of Congress.
The first human steps on the moon were a badly needed success, coming a dozen years after the Soviet Union had launched its Sputnik satellite.
I also have spined soldier bugs, which go after about 100 different pests, including corn borers, cabbage loopers, Colorado potato bugs and Mexican bean beetles.
Time out for those folks who need to bring up the fact that a Colombian player was murdered after his team lost to the United States.
Seems that demand for the morning-after birth control pill there shot up dramatically after Ireland's first two World Cup matches -- only one of which was a victory.
With temperatures in Texas hovering relentlessly around the century mark day after day, that magic number is on everyone's lips.
Take a bath -- after dumping a bag of ice in the bath water.
Almost three years after the attack, Deborah still fears going out at times, but she also runs her own business, meets clients and leads an active life, he said.
He is very upset, and from then on, there is one disaster after another.
Thoughts of this Saturday mermaid stayed with me after the Tail arrived and I rushed with it to the beach on Noyack Bay.
10 or after Aug.
The food department sampled the dark ones and were swooning after each bite.
On a company-by-company basis, however, continental Europe has unquestionably become the scene of frenetic efforts to become more competitive with the United States and Japan -- arguably the region's biggest industrial challenge since rebuilding after World War II.
A recent study by Deutsche Bank calculated that productivity, after rising only slightly from 1989 to 1993, will jump sharply this year and next as cost-cutting programs and investment in new technology pay off.
Wiedig, the chief executive, is moving to another post within the parent company, Siemens A.G., in October, after spending years reassessing and modifying nearly every aspect of the company's business practices.
	CLINTON-COPTER (Washington) -- Seven weeks after the White House said he would be reassigned for his role in the misuse of a Marine Corps helicopter, the head of the White House military office has not been disciplined and remains on the job.
Runyon, who like Polk came to the nation's Capitol after carving a career in Tennessee, said he would be pleased to affix the stamps to his own letters.
Runyon, a former chairman of the Tennessee Valley Authority and the first CEO of Nissan in Smyrna, Tenn., agreed to issue the stamp after Tennessee Sen.
More than seven weeks after he participated in the golf trip, Alfonso Maldon Jr., head of the White House military office, was still on the job as of Friday.
Just days after Clinton returned from his D-Day journey, his White House staff created a small furor by asking military officers to serve hors d'oeuvres at a Democratic Party event.
Many of the jobless spoke both English and French, like Louis Melanson, who was hired by the railroad after high school and labored at the Moncton yard for nine years, mostly behind his welder's blowtorch.
Bad MONSTER.'' In tears, Holly says to her brother, ``I will lock the door after you leave.'' ``You don't have to worry about that, silly,'' Henry says as Holly climbs into bed beneath a large window.
And that's why I make this type of music, to put it back into the everyday world.'' In 1976, after several years in the Japanese mafia and ultimately in prison for selling drugs, Kina, with his band Champloose, engineered an Okinawan music renaissance.
The congregants took communion from the portion of the loaf that he had kept and frozen after the service with Aldrin.
It won favorable publicity in January when the company got the go-ahead to market its carseat in Europe and again in April, after it won a patent in the United States.
``We are elated,'' he said, for instance, in January after clearing the regulatory hurdles in Europe.
The first hint of trouble was tucked away in an April 29 statement, shortly after shipments began.
Runyon, who like Polk came to the nation's Capitol after carving a career in Tennessee, said he would be pleased to affix the stamps to his own letters.
Runyon, a former chairman of the Tennessee Valley Authority and the first CEO of Nissan in Smyrna, Tenn., agreed to issue the stamp after Tennessee Sen.
The British prime minister raised no objections to Santer's name on Friday afternoon when Kohl submitted it to his fellow leaders, after first sounding out officials of the European Parliament and learning that the Luxembourger would have little trouble winning confirmation.
But finally the cat's dogged owner, lawsuit in hand, brought the jet to a halt at Kennedy Airport until the cat was found -- which she was, after nine hours.
If you'd settled for peanuts -- an advance of, say, fifteen or twenty thousand simoleons -- the publisher could have said, ``If you don't want to get out there and sell your own book it's no skin off my nose, J.P.'' And let you die in the bookshops after selling the tiny first printing he issued to recover his peanuts.
How about alternating corner kicks after two 15-minute sudden-death overtimes?
The railroads he built and the grand public buildings of his age are everywhere, but no statue of him exists, and he remains exiled even after death.
Contrary to what you'd imagine from this movie, after almost 25 years in the newspaper business I can tell you that: -- Never have I seen a newspaper columnist parked outside this building enthusiastically kissing a blonde in a red convertible.
Chasing after fire engines?
To build the portfolio, The New York Times figured that shares of the selected stocks were bought at their closing prices on the Monday after each profile was published.
	Alberto Vitale, the chairman of Random House and an Italian by birth, acquired the book, ``Crossing the Threshold of Hope,'' after reading some of it in Italian translation.
The threat was apparently designed to bring Berlusconi's fractious coalition partners back into line after some of them said the decree should be changed.
He may thus have calculated that after endless revelations about corrupt officials and businessmen since February 1992, Italians have tired of the whole affair and would not object to the decree.
500,000 RWANDAN REFUGES FLOOD ZAIRE BORDER GOMA, Zaire  (BC-RWANDA-REFUGEES-625(2takes)-NYT) The lines go on for mile after mile after mile, a river of people fleeing the war in Rwanda into neighboring Zaire.
	Solarz, who lost a bid for re-election two years ago, had been in line to be ambassador to India but withdrew as a candidate at the White House's urging after questions arose about his dealings with a Hong Kong businessman reputed to have ties to organized crime.
James Edgar went home from the hospital Friday, eight days after undergoing quadruple heart bypass surgery.
``Not bad for a 44-year-old has-been,'' Watson said with a laugh after a round in which he birdied seven holes and bogeyed two.
At the par-5 seventh hole, already one under after two birdies and a bogey, he hit a driver from the fairway into the teeth of the wind that left him two putts for birdie.
Two under par is exactly the score Watson and Nicklaus had after two rounds in 1977 before staging their memorable head-to-head duel in the sun.
He led the U.S. Open at Oakmont after the first round this year and wound up tied for sixth.
The Open at Troon in 1989, where he was two back after two rounds.
``I'm just hoping that on Sunday, I'm there, hoisting the cup.'' CHIP SHOTS: John Daly continued his strange antics, reaching 5-under-par and pulling to within a shot of the lead after nine holes only to pull a couple of his patented oddities.
Then he stormed off without speaking to reporters after his 72 left him at even par.
I'm a Florida girl, and climbing these hills gets to me after a while.
Laura Davies of England, a three-time winner this year and the money-winning leader, was at 140 after a 69, as was the first-round co-leader Sally Little, who carded a 73.
Also at 140 after a second-round 68 was Amy Alcott, who, like King, needs one victory to qualify for the LPGA Hall of Fame.
I'm a Florida girl, and climbing these hills gets to me after a while.
Laura Davies of England, a three-time winner this year and the money-winning leader, was at 140 after a 69, as was the first-round co-leader Sally Little, who carded a 73.
Also at 140 after a second-round 68 was Amy Alcott, who, like King, needs one victory to qualify for the LPGA Hall of Fame.
It was part of the official program, after all and they didn't want to disappoint anyone.
Denise was named after the artist who draws her -- Denise Chevalier.
The attack came weeks after the government signed peace agreements with two guerrilla factions.
When no-till farming started to gain in popularity, some farmers said they could never dream of life after the plow.
The two have talked and, according to Daly, ``Tim and I got it squared away real quick.'' In his last tournament, the Greater Hartford Open, he got disqualified after the fact for signing an incorrect Sunday scorecard.
On the 14th hole Friday, after making consecutive pars to seemingly regain a semblance of form and composure, he pushed his drive 15 yards wide of the ropes into the same kind of gnarly undergrowth that had swallowed up his ball on No. 10.
Now, once again, the country seems poised on the edge of turmoil that could engulf the government of Prime Minister Khaleda Zia, the widow of a former military ruler who was assassinated after winning election as president.
Amid the tensions swirling around Miss Nasrin, who went underground after the government brought criminal charges against her six weeks ago for allegedly insulting the Muslim faith, Muslim militants have unleashed a battery of strikes and protest rallies in Dhaka, the capital, and in other cities.
The main fundamentalist group in Parliament, the Party of God, originally backed the prime minister's party, the Bangladesh Nationalist Party, allowing it to form a government after the 1991 elections, but it subsequently joined the opposition boycott.
Anger among Muslim militants began to boil over in 1993, after Miss Nasrin wrote a novel, ``Shame,'' published in India as well as Bangladesh, that depicted the fictional sufferings inflicted by Muslim militants on a family of Bangladeshi Hindus.
The Zia Government banned the book after it had sold 60,000 copies here, making it a best-seller.
It also revoked Miss Nasrin's passport, restoring it after protests from western governments and writers' groups.
 (BC-WORLDCUP-CLOSE-2Takes-LADN) Hours after Brazil had won the right to play in Sunday's World Cup final by beating Sweden last week, Jennine Terzo stepped out of the 35er bar and looked across Colorado Boulevard.
But after 25 to 30 percent growth in the first half of the year, they said, the second half would inevitably be slower.
But many businesses, courted with round after round of price cuts, have almost all the computers they can use.
And Clinton's chances of enacting the sort of plan he favors, everyone agrees, will diminish after November's elections, in which Republicans are expected to gain Congressional seats.
The second, Lynn Hicks, is a mother of five children who lost her insurance after her husband had lost his job.
	Investors fled the stocks of computer chip makers after Texas Instruments predicted that the runaway growth in chip sales in the first half of the year would slow.
	Shares of Litton Industries rose after the company agreed to pay $83 million to settle a lawsuit that contended it had overcharged the government for computer services.
	The bond market failed to extend Thursday's strong rally, ending the day with little change after giving up its early gains.
	The dollar fell against the Japanese yen, ending a two-day rally, after Japan said its trade surplus with the United States had surged 43 percent in June.
In 1987, not long after it became the nation's first publicly traded pawnshop company, Cash America announced that it would buy Ace Cash Express of Dallas.
For the last seven months, he patiently attended meeting after meeting with Macy creditors and executives until he fashioned a deal that all sides could live with.
In the coming weeks, as Macy and Federated resolve the details of how the combined company will look after Macy's emerges from bankruptcy, Tysoe will continue to play a crucial role answering queries, fashioning last-minute compromises and generally keeping the deal on track.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Indeed, Tysoe, who declined to be interviewed for this article, citing a bankruptcy court request that executives not make public comments, is the only Campeau executive who remained at Federated after the Campeau empire collapsed.
``Of the people that worked for him in those days, I think the relationship may have been more special because Ron was so much younger.'' Tysoe's initial reaction to the Allied deal ultimately proved correct; the huge debt load forced Campeau into bankruptcy after junk bond prices collapsed in the late 1980s.
For all the praise Tysoe has received there are some who say that Federated could have captured Macy's for far less than the $4.1 billion that it ultimately agreed to pay, had it moved quickly after announcing its intentions last year.
Tickets and information on the gala benefit, which includes front orchestra seats and the gala dinner with Domingo after the performance, are available by calling Gala Services at (213) 972-7219.
Cellular One, a company based in Paramus, N.J., recently sued the Hudson River village of Dobbs Ferry, N.Y., for the right to install such antennas after village officials denied the company's application.
NYNEX withdrew a plan about a year ago to build a cellular station in Lincoln Park, N.J., after residents protested it.
And the town of Greenburgh, N.Y., is considering drafting an ordinance to limit this kind of station to nonresidential areas after a showdown with Cellular One over a station the company proposed there.
Friday's settlement between the Justice Department and AT&T came after nearly a year of deliberations, during which AT&T shipped an entire roomful of documents and information to the antitrust division.
In addition, AT&T also agreed that it would not begin marketing McCaw's cellular services under the AT&T brand name until after the cellular systems had been upgraded to offer ``equal access'' connections to rival long-distance carriers.
The restrictions are scheduled to end after 10 years, though the company can petition for relaxation earlier than that if it can show that competitive conditions in the industry have changed.
If my son killed her, I will spit in his face.'' In the United States, Abequa, a 45-year-old auto mechanic, became the object of a police search 10 days ago, just hours after the body of his Turkish-born wife was found in the bedroom of her two-bedroom apartment in the New Jersey town of Parsippany-Troy Hills.
On Friday morning, they left Suweileh, after he told his mother he was taking the children to see the ancient ruins in the city of Petra, Jordan's most popular tourist destination.
Not long after his departure on Friday morning, an American reporter came to the neighborhood asking about him.
But according to his family, his life took an abrupt turn after he met his wife-to-be, a Turkish-born Circassian who had spent most of her life in the United States.
Speaking to leaders of the kibbutz movement on Thursday, he took note of a 1967 Israeli government resolution, passed right after the war had ended, in which Israel said it was prepared to ``withdraw to the international border with Syria'' as part of a negotiated treaty that would protect its security and water needs.
But he noted, ``We acknowledged Syrian sovereignty on the Golan Heights time after time.'' Many of the kibbutzniks listening to him reacted with consternation, including members of the governing Labor Party.
Two days later, the Israeli foreign minister will openly meet in Jordan with his Jordanian and American counterparts, and soon after Rabin and Hussein are to come together.
Jones said he wants Richards to write a letter to the Senate and House chairmen of a conference committee asking them to restore funding for the A&M facility after she has toured it.
The acquisition of the Bass cable properties, however, would mean the second sizeable cable deal for US West, after its acquistion last year of the share of Time Warner.
But Secretary of State Warren Christopher and other administration officials were eager to play up the symbolic importance of a public meeting between a king of Jordan and a prime minister of Israel decades after Golda Meir dressed as an Arab woman and met Hussein's grandfather, King Abdullah, in the two neighbors' first surreptitious attempts at peace.
For Clinton, whose popularity soared last fall after Rabin and Yasser Arafat shook hands on the White House lawn, the meeting between Rabin and Hussein plainly offers another chance to share in a historic moment.
KEENAN AND RANGERS COME TO ACRIMONIOUS PARTING OF WAYS NEW YORK  (BC-HKN-RANGERS-KEENAN-550(2TAKES)-NYT) A month after they joined in joyful celebration of the New York Rangers' first Stanley Cup championship in 54 years, Coach Mike Keenan and the club that hired him a year ago came to a stunning and acrimonious parting of the ways Friday, with Keenan blaming the Rangers for breaching his contract and the Rangers accusing Keenan of a capricious splitting of contractual hairs.
While it is certainly unusual for a head coach to leave after winning a championship, it is hardly unprecedented.
Indeed, it happened earlier this year when Jimmy Johnson left as coach of the Dallas Cowboys after winning two Super Bowl championships because of a series of clashes with the owner, Jerry Jones.
A similar situation occurred with the Rangers in 1950, when Lynn Patrick resigned after one year as Rangers coach after having led them to the Stanley Cup finals.
It said, ``It's unrealistic and misleading to single out any one benefit or program without considering the entire economic and social environment of each country.'' Rebecca Caruso, the company's public relations officer in its Oak Brook, Ill., headquarters, sent out the statement after saying she was not familiar with the report criticizing McDonald's.
She said she would be available for questions after the statement was received by facsimile.
As I was covering a State Dinner at the White House, Joe Montana arrived just weeks after his first Super Bowl victory.
But Friday's biggest shock was in semiconductor stocks, which fell sharply after an executive at Texas Instruments suggested that demand for computer chips might not be as strong in the second half of the year as it was in the first.
Still, Birinyi said he thought the market was ``OK.'' ``What you are seeing is some consolidation and treading water after a fairly significant correction in the first part of the year,'' he said.
The supersonic jet was developed by the Soviet Union in the early 1960s but was retired in the 1970s after the government airline branded it inefficient.
``I've been up, down, up, down, up, down so much, I figure I can get back up again,'' she said, a thin woman in a pink top and blue jeans, smoking a cigarette after getting off work at a pecan shelling plant.
The delegation came to lunch at a Los Gatos restaurant, Cafe Marcella, which had closed after lunch that day but reopened for the Brazilians.
You can't plan a hurricane, you can only prepare for it.'' The grumblers may feel differently after Sunday.
The delegation came to lunch at a Los Gatos restaurant, Cafe Marcella, which had closed after lunch that day but reopened for the Brazilians.
You can't plan a hurricane, you can only prepare for it.'' The grumblers may feel differently after Sunday.
Saturday's cosmic drama has been unfolding ever since the Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9, named after its discoverers, was detected last year and was understood to be headed, inexorably, toward its fatal rendezvous with Jupiter.
Breyer to the Supreme Court after hearing from nearly two dozen witnesses Friday, some who praised him as a superb and intellectually gifted choice and others who called him an unfeeling and elitist advocate for America's corporations.
The commission had investigated Microsoft for three years before dropping the case last August after the commissioners remained deadlocked over whether to bring charges against the company.
At top, Briceda Guioth de Espinosa manages the corner store she open in a poor Bogota neighborhood after her husband left her.
At top, Briceda Guioth de Espinosa manages the corner store she open in a poor Bogota neighborhood after her husband left her.
At top, Briceda Guioth de Espinosa manages the corner store she open in a poor Bogota neighborhood after her husband left her.
But after viewing the tape made by a videocamera inside the arresting officer's patrol car, Griffith said it did not show Tomjanovich crossing lines or looking drunk.
``Tackles are really important in protecting your quarterback, so you're going to spend more money to get those guys.'' That's why the Seahawks signed Ballard to a four-year, $10.5 million contract and made left tackle Ray Roberts a transition player, meaning he is due to make an average of the top 10 players at his position when his contract expires after the 1995 season.
TEXAS OFFICIALS OPTIMISTIC ABOUT POSSIBLE RETURN OF FLAG LOST AT THE ALAMO AUSTIN, Texas  (BC-ALAMO-FLAG-TEX) The flag captured by Mexico at the Alamo in 1836 could be returned to Texas after 158 years through an exchange of three tattered Mexican flags taken after the Battle of San Jacinto that won the war for Texas independence, state officials have said.
His formal anointing as the new supreme leader was expected after the funeral.
The debate is somewhat reminiscent of what happened when President Clinton sent condolences to the North Korean people shortly after Kim's death from a heart attack.
``He was terminated after the chief reviewed the recommendation of the Board of Rights,'' Dunkin said.
SECOND OPINION SOUGHT ON OLD TOPANGA FIRE LOS ANGELES  (BC-FIRE-PROBE-LADN) Eight months after the deadly Old Topanga Fire, a team of state experts returned to the burn area last week as part of a re-examination of sheriff's investigators' conclusion that the fire was intentionally set, officials said.
Thomas also declined to say whether it was her office or the Sheriff's Department that requested the forestry team's review, nor would she say why it was requested six months after the sheriff's arson case was submitted.
Sources near the investigation say that sheriff's investigators have relied on a written statement prepared by Durepo and Shelp after the fire, explaining their presence in the canyon and what they did during the early stages of the fire.
The contractor, Robert Blakely of Malibou Lake, came forward nearly six months after the fire and confirmed their story.
``The final really shakes you up,'' he said Friday, after the Brazilians practiced at California State-Fullerton.
WHISTLE-BLOWER SUIT SETTLED LOS ANGELES  (BC-LITTON-SUIT-NYT) Litton Industries shares rose Friday after the company agreed to pay a total of $86 million to settle a lawsuit that had accused it of overcharging the government for computer services.
Litton settled the case after a six-year fight, without admitting or denying guilt, not only to eliminate the uncertainty but because a new management team wanted to go forward with a clean slate, said Kathleen Wailes, a Litton spokeswoman.
John Leonis replaced Alton Brann as chief executive of Litton after the company spun off Western Atlas, its industrial automation and oil services arm, in March to concentrate entirely on military aerospace.
Several days after the murders but before Simpson was charged, police sources told the Los Angeles Daily News that a military-style entrenching tool resembling a sharp-edged shovel was believed to have been used in the killings.
GOOD JOB, MIKE KEENAN, BUT GOOD RIDDANCE NEW YORK  (BC-HKN-ANDERSON-COLUMN-550&Add-NYT) Only one month and one day after Mike Keenan held the Stanley Cup aloft, he put a dent in it.
Keenan, after all, joined the Rangers a year ago for a five-year contract reportedly worth $5 million.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) After saying in January that he would support a surgical strike by an international force in order to oust the military leaders now in power, he reversed himself last month, saying, ``Never, never, never would I agree to be restored to power in an invasion.'' Though Aristide went into exile after his overthrow, his comments on events here still are sometimes broadcast on Haitian radio stations, as well as by the Voice of America's Creole-language short-wave service.
And after push came to shove -- after Smith tried to force Keenan out and Keenan tried the reverse -- it appears that Smith has won the battle, no matter how Keenan tried to paint the picture in his hastily called news conference Friday afternoon.
Forget breached contracts and late bonuses and all the so-called reasons Keenan gave for the surprising announcement he made at a Toronto television station Friday, one month and a day after the Rangers won their first Stanley Cup in 54 years.
Charles Robb, said the vice president ``expressed concern about North being elected.'' Wilder said, ``I suggested it could very easily be, if Robb would withdraw, I would obviously be the strongest candidate.'' Wilder, who broke with the Democratic Party after a career of 24 years in state offices, and Robb are arch political enemies.
It should have been planned to start immediately after the World Cup to capitalize on any wave of enthusiasm that exists.
I'd like to know how Showalter manages to keep his own shirt tucked into his pants after repeatedly leaving George Steinbrenner's office with his tail between his legs.
The Cosmos flourished after his arrival in 1975, but he retired after the 1977 season and the North American Soccer League did not survive past 1985.
``We will talk after the World Cup,'' he said.
SECOND OPINION SOUGHT ON OLD TOPANGA FIRE LOS ANGELES  (BC-FIRE-PROBE-1stLd-Writethru-LADN) Eight months after the deadly Old Topanga Fire, a team of state experts returned to the burn area last week as part of a re-examination of sheriff's investigators' conclusion that the fire was intentionally set, officials said.
Thomas also declined to say whether it was her office or the Sheriff's Department that requested the forestry team's review, nor would she say why it was requested six months after the sheriff's arson case was submitted.
Sources near the investigation say that sheriff's investigators have relied on a written statement prepared by Durepo and Shelp after the fire, explaining their presence in the canyon and what they did during the early stages of the fire.
The contractor, Robert Blakely of Malibou Lake, came forward nearly six months after the fire and confirmed their story.
The only thing he's guilty of is being big, black and having NBA money.'' According to the police, the woman, whose name was not disclosed, told them that the sexual assault occurred at 2:30 a.m. when Coleman pushed her to the floor after she rebuffed his advances in a room at the Westin Hotel.
``Not bad for a 44-year-old has-been,'' Watson said with a laugh after a round in which he birdied seven holes and bogeyed two.
At the par-5 seventh hole, already one under after two birdies and a bogey, he hit a driver from the fairway into the teeth of the wind that left him two putts for birdie.
Two under par is exactly the score Watson and Nicklaus had after two rounds in 1977 before staging their memorable head-to-head duel in the sun.
He led the U.S. Open at Oakmont after the first round this year and wound up tied for sixth.
The Open at Troon in 1989, where he was two back after two rounds.
``I'm just hoping that on Sunday, I'm there, hoisting the cup.'' CHIP SHOTS: John Daly continued his strange antics, reaching 5-under-par and pulling to within a shot of the lead after nine holes only to pull a couple of his patented oddities.
Then he stormed off without speaking to reporters after his 72 left him at even par.
 (BC-TRIBAL-JUSTICE-SPI) Prosecutors will ask a judge to reconsider his banishment of two Alaska youths to remote islands, instead of a jail sentence, after questions were raised about the legitimacy of a tribal court official.
When he last faced the Padres, two weeks earlier in San Diego, Jones was staked to a 7-0 lead after seven innings, before his relievers barely held on for a 10-7 Mets victory.
But for the third straight time against the Padres, Jones pitched a strong game, going six and two-thirds innings after being staked to an early 5-0 lead.
Bonilla was actually booed by the sparse first-game crowd when he grounded into a double play that scored Jose Vizcaino in the first inning after Vizcaino and Todd Hundley had led off with singles off losing pitcher Andy Ashby (4-8).
The boos turned to cheers in the third, however, after Ashby hit Vizcaino with two out and Hundley again singled.
lefty, Green summoned Eric Gunderson, making his major-league debut after being called up from Class AAA Norfolk last night, to face Gwynn.
Right now, he's the best the Mets have after Bret Saberhagen, who started the second game with a 10-4 record.
But what if the next commissioner -- or the one after that -- is less diligent about corruption control?
Another reason to be skeptical about problems in the leadership succession is that until now, most signs coming from the secretive nation had been interpreted as pointing to a relatively smooth ascendance for Kim Jong Il. Many analysts expected the first-ever dynastic succession in a communist nation to be formally announced after the funeral.
``I think you meet just a handful of people during your life that truly have an impact on us,'' Ryan said after the service.
Pettis, the fleet center fielder for the Angels from 1982-87 and the object of countless Reese fungoes, recalled the following exchange after an opponent's home run: Reese: ``Hey, mullion, how come you didn't catch that one?'' Pettis: ``Jimmie, it landed 10 rows back.'' Reese: ``Come out here tomorrow and we'll work on it.'' Said Pettis: ``He'd want us to remember him with a smile on his face, a baseball uniform on his back and a ball and bat in his hands.'' Lachemann laughed at Reese's penchant for shuffling into the outfield, dragging his fungo bat, his back turned, while batting practice rang out around him.
``I know them well,'' he said through an interpreter after practice Friday.
``And now to win third place ...'' Bulgaria: ``The players are aware this is a very historic game for Bulgaria,'' coach Dimitar Penev said after his team's practice at the Rose Bowl.
``Of course we (will) play for fun,'' said Jonas Thern, the Swedish midfielder who is suspended from today's game after receiving a debatable red card in the 1-0 loss to Brazil in the semifinal.
``But we'd like to win the game.'' As well as Thern, Sweden may also have to play without Dahlin, who missed parts of the last two games with a calf injury after scoring four goals in his previous three appearances.
The NFL dropped its third-place game, the Playoff Bowl, after the 1970 merger with the AFL.
The NCAA dropped the third-place basketball game after the 1981 tournament.
I'm not going to worry about the rotation.'' Having a reliable guy to protect a win has been an Angels deficiency since they foolishly failed to protect Bryan Harvey after the '92 season.
But the FTC's five commissioners found themselves deadlocked over the case and never took any action after a three-year investigation that ended last summer.
Yet even after hiring high-priced litigators from private practice to help manage the case, the Justice Department found itself wrestling with an extraordinarily complex set of legal and technological issues.
Details of the settlement emerged well after the stock market had closed Friday.
Alison Shellman of San Jose, who caught the jersey Wynalda threw into the crowd, said both soccer and beach soccer should be able to catch on here even after the World Cup fades away.
When Jones last faced the Padres, two weeks earlier in San Diego, Jones was staked to a 7-0 lead after seven innings, before his relievers barely held on for a 10-7 Mets victory.
But for the third straight time against the Padres, Jones pitched a strong game, going six and two-thirds innings after being staked to an early 5-0 lead.
Bonilla was actually booed by the sparse first-game crowd when he grounded into a double play that scored Jose Vizcaino in the first inning after Vizcaino and Todd Hundley had led off with singles off losing pitcher Andy Ashby (4-8).
The boos turned to cheers in the third, however, after Ashby hit Vizcaino with two out and Hundley again singled.
lefty, Green summoned Eric Gunderson, making his major-league debut after being called up from Class AAA Norfolk last night, to face Gwynn.
Right now, he's the best the Mets have after Bret Saberhagen, who started the second game with a 10-4 record.
Instead, the Dodgers (47-43) lost a half-game off their NL West lead as they opened their perilous 13-game road trip after being rained out here Thursday.
``I should be able to take advantage of that pop being out of the lineup.'' Instead, after retiring the first two Phillies of the game, he walked Tony Longmire and John Kruk, gave up an RBI double to Jim Eisenreich and a run-scoring single to Mickey Morandini, and threw a wild pitch that scored Eisenreich for a 3-0 Phillies lead.
But after rookie Ismael Valdes worked a scoreless seventh (he also had pitched a scoreless eighth in the first game), the Phillies closed in against Todd Worrell.
Defensive back Ronnie Lott played two years for the Raiders after 10 with the 49ers while Roger Craig spent the 1991 season in silver and black after eight in San Francisco.
Rampe, who took office in January, says that to operate the landfill now would only mean throwing good money after bad.
They said they found out about the meals deduction -- $1.35 a day per employee -- after receiving a settlement in a dispute over back wages that was reached in February.
``This will be my greatest challenge.'' Though his scope can be more narrow, Taffarel faces the task of slowing down the Cup's hottest scorer after six games of relative inactivity.
The first-place Dodgers had the gall to win the second game of their doubleheader in Philadelphia, after obligingly dropping the opener, but their lead is shrinking fast.
Watson started to come out of his l-o-o-o-ng career slump about a year ago, and he leads the 123rd British Open by one stroke at the halfway mark, after Friday's 5-under-par 65.
Sapolu started at guard in the 1987 and '88 seasons, moving to center in '89 after Randy Cross retired.
Oates, with the New York Giants since 1985 after three years in the USFL, also was the Giants' long snapper, and he's expected to fill that role for the 49ers.
Another factor was that the 49ers expect to make a serious run at the Super Bowl, after their free-agent acquisitions of the offseason.
The Giants appear to be rebuilding, especially after their decision to cut veteran Phil Simms leaves them with two inexperienced quarterback candidates.
Sacchi, 48, was born near Ravenna and after his days selling shoes were over, he started coaching in 1977 as youth manager of the Italian club Cesena.
Vicini's farewell came after Italy tied the Soviet Union 0-0 in qualifying for the European Championships and was effectively eliminated.
We thought we would do so well and after the first game, it created problems and all Italy joined against him.
Fernandez (6-4) faltered in the seventh -- giving up a two-run homer to Bo Jackson -- only after having to cool down in the dugout during one of his team's half-hour turns at the plate.
``The ninth inning was a nightmare after two outs, that is the only way I can describe it,'' said manager Tony La Russa.
3 HELD AND 2 KIDNAPPED IMMIGRANTS ARE FREED NEW YORK  (BC-NY-ABDUCT-300&ADD-NYT) Two Chinese restaurant workers in Queens were kidnapped, beaten and held hostage for almost two days, the police said, but were rescued on Thursday after frantic family members called the police because they had trouble pulling together the $60,000 ransom.
The incident began about 2 a.m. on Wednesday as the workers, who are not related, arrived at the home they shared on Cherry Street in Flushing after finishing work at a Chinese restaurant on Hillside Avenue in Flushing.
Shoa Chenliu, 27, of 43-44 156th Street, and Tze Ching Ker, 28, whose address is unknown, were arrested at the scene after the exchange of the money.
We believe we have to create a more just society.'' Ms. Avital's speech was received with polite applause, and as she stood in a receiving line after the service, she worked the crowd like a seasoned politician, exchanging handshakes and hugs.
Komonchak, professor of religion and religious studies at Catholic University, referring to a great scholar of canon law who wrote a work on diocesan synods in 1748, eight years after becoming Pope.
On May 30, a month after the Vatican formally allowed female altar servers, he acted to stamp out any speculation about the possibility of women priests, declaring in an apostolic letter that the church had ``no authority whatsoever'' to confer ordination on women.
While Clinton stumbled a bit gracelessly into both nominations -- settling on each after months of a painfully public trial-and-error selection process -- it was no fluke that his serious consideration was reserved for candidates of moderate, mainstream views.
The Senate rejected his nomination after a month-long battle by a vote of 58 to 42.
This is, after all, not a question just for a tiny country in East Africa.
As the use of chemical insecticides and herbicides exploded during the years after World War II, so did the impact of farming on the environment, leading to a steady increase of demands on farmers and their suppliers to alter their practices.
May, the Harvard historian, says Mr. Clinton probably is not defied much more than most presidents -- De Gaulle tormented Eisenhower, after all -- but that this president is worse than most at keeping failures under wraps.
But after some initial skepticism, he and his officers have gotten used to the camera crews that follow them through the precinct for hours at a time.
But President Francois Mitterrand, himself a former Resistance fighter, brushed aside these complaints as ``insignificant.'' He invited the German troops as a gesture of friendship to Germany after Chancellor Helmut Kohl was excluded from ceremonies last month marking the 50th anniversary of D-Day.
The mayor said that he would take action against anyone in his administration who had accepted special favors, but that the review so far showed that the rents his aides paid were ``very, very comparable to what everyone else in the building is paying.'' Giuliani sought the review after several days of news reports indicating that most of the staff members who lived in the buildings owned by the fund-raiser, William W.
 (BC-APOLLO-2NDTAKE-NYT) Looking beyond Apollo soon after the first lunar landing, a White House panel endorsed much of NASA's wish list when it proposed an ambitious program of bases on the Moon, space stations circling it and even larger Earth-orbiting laboratories capable of supporting 50 to 100 people.
``We thought after Apollo we wouldn't need to go back to the drawing board for whole new sets of vehicles.
After all, he noted, it was 50 years after Magellan made the first crossing of the Pacific before the Spanish finally managed to go back in 1571 and establish a permanent base on the other side, at Manila.
The lives of the three astronauts of Apollo 11, before and after the first lunar-landing mission, serve as case studies testing this proposition.
All three men left the astronaut corps in a year or two after Apollo 11, going quite separate ways.
He attributed his troubles to his own relentless drive for achievement, the pressures to live up to his father's ambitions for him, possibly a genetic predisposition and certainly the traumatic readjustments to life after the Moon.
Bernson said he is pleased with the way officials responded immediately after the quake, but that far more help will be needed to complete the recovery effort.
Angelus Block Company in suburban Sun Valley went through 250,000 blocks in just the first two weeks after the quake.
A $575 million state loan program meant to help home and apartment owners turned down for other aid was scrapped after voters rejected a $2 billion bond measure.
McGinley said the Van Nuys center, which was condemned shortly after the quake, will ultimately have to be torn down and rebuilt.
About 40 percent of the businesses in Northridge temporarily closed after the quake.
``When you get kicked down long enough, after the riots, the fires, the earthquake and all that, I almost have a sense that people have steeled themselves,'' he said.
The Claudia Ryan Center in North Hollywood houses 30 men who are trying to pull their lives together after convictions ranging from murder to petty theft.
``Me and my friends are outside every day.'' The ex-con whose life story appeared to impress the children the most was Joe Adams, a 23-year-old former member of a Whittier gang who was imprisoned for 3{ years after conviction for residential robbery.
For $200 a month, the parolees get a room in a former shelter for the homeless that, she acknowledged, ``needs to be fixed up and refurbished.'' The men clean up after themselves and take turns with the cooking.
``I don't know if I will ever go after Department of Corrections money,'' she said.
A year after the kidnapping, Ryan was raped while living in Van Nuys.
Ryan's 1974 Chevrolet truck has been vandalized twice since the founding of the center -- the handiwork of parolees kicked out of the center after they abused drugs, she said.
And after 12 years of (Ronald) Reagan and (George) Bush, somebody has to be out there fighting the good fight for the left.
In 1921, Arbuckle was second only to Charlie Chaplin in popularity -- until starlet Virginia Rappe died after a wild party Arbuckle threw at a San Francisco hotel.
Rappe died of an infection after her bladder burst.
He concluded that Minter's mother, Charlotte Shelby, did it, but Vidor's findings were not revealed until after his death in 1982, when Kirkpatrick discovered the director's notes hidden in a strongbox.
More than a dozen years after Taylor was killed, the death of ``the Ice Cream Blonde,'' 29-year-old Thelma Todd, would make headlines across the country.
Local papers contained speculation, rumors and mostly unfounded charges for months after Todd's body was found Dec.
The press ``seemed bent on discrediting the police investigation,'' digging up stories of testimony of people claiming to have spoken or have seen Todd after the time of death determined by the coroner.
Sheriff's deputies were sent to Roach in the days after Todd's body was found for his opinion on what to do about West's confession.
The verdict was overturned by the U.S. Supreme Court after Sheppard served nearly 10 years in prison.
It's hard to believe he would escape so easily in an environment where camera crews trail each day's scandals like famished animals after fresh meat, leading public opinion and being led by it.
These days, it is easy to imagine that coverage of Chappaquiddick might have displaced the more historically significant moon landing, coming as it did, just two days after Kennedy's crash.
Six months after the 6.8 magnitude Northridge Earthquake collapsed portions of the three-story complex and heavily damaged other units, many of its former residents still are reliving the terror of Jan.
It will air Thursdays after ``Seinfeld,'' making it almost failure-proof.
Only after she returned to work about three months ago did McDonald begin to put her life back together.
-- LYNN LANGLEY Six months after the Northridge Earthquake destroyed her Sherman Oaks apartment building, Lynn Langley keeps a crowbar and wire cutters hidden under her bed in her new apartment -- in the Los Angeles area of Century City.
By the time he was able to reopen his business weeks after the Jan.
``I hope I never have to live through that again.'' For the first week after the quake, Aros -- like thousands of other San Fernando Valley residents -- opted to sleep under the stars on the front lawn rather than risk getting trapped inside.
``In past events, we weren't around to record the event, or the recording devices weren't in the right places.'' One little-known field of research that has attracted much new interest after the quake is satellite geodesy -- the use of space satellites to measure movements in the earth's crust.
Five days after the quake, Donnellan and colleague Ken Hudnut, a U.S Geological Survey geologist, were able to announce Oat Mountain north of Chatsworth had risen 14.8 inches, shifted north 6.2 inches and west 5.5 inches.
``In past events, we weren't around to record the event, or the recording devices weren't in the right places.'' One little-known field of research that has attracted much new interest after the quake is satellite geodesy -- the use of space satellites to measure movements in the earth's crust.
Five days after the quake, Donnellan and colleague Ken Hudnut, a U.S Geological Survey geologist, were able to announce Oat Mountain north of Chatsworth had risen 14.8 inches, shifted north 6.2 inches and west 5.5 inches.
Projects that are built in phases, however, may be reassessed after each phase, added Caltrans spokesman Jim Drago.
But unlike a year ago, when Keenan was available after his divorce from the Blackhawks, no marquee coach is at liberty now -- except Keenan the deserter.
Last season was like a magical ride for them, but after the season is over, a winning team is like a turkey on Thanksgiving Day.
The Giants say they won't go after a veteran quarterback but, while Reeves and George Henshaw are two of the best offensive minds in the game, the decision to stay with the young guys is a questionable one.
But at the time Athey's show was not notorious; it only became so after surfacing in The Minneapolis Star Tribune three weeks later.
``I promise you there will be no dictatorship,'' Lukashenko said in his first public appearance after receiving more than 80 percent of the votes cast on Sunday.
He rose quickly to prominence last year after he was appointed head of a parliamentary anti-corruption commission.
 (BC-APOLLO-2NDTAKE-NYT) Looking beyond Apollo soon after the first lunar landing, a White House panel endorsed much of NASA's wish list when it proposed an ambitious program of bases on the Moon, space stations circling it and even larger Earth-orbiting laboratories capable of supporting 50 to 100 people.
``We thought after Apollo we wouldn't need to go back to the drawing board for whole new sets of vehicles.
After all, he noted, it was 50 years after Magellan made the first crossing of the Pacific before the Spanish finally managed to go back in 1571 and establish a permanent base on the other side, at Manila.
The biological father of the child, a 3 1/2-year-old known as Baby Richard, won custody after convincing the court that the infant should not have been adopted.
It would also limit to six months after an adoption the time that fathers could try to claim a child.
Then he gained two minutes 19 seconds in Wednesday's first climb in this 81st tour, after which Rominger revealed that he had a stomach ailment.
The sharply divergent views underscore the scarcity of reliable information about the the portly 52-year-old who has begun to emerge as North Korea's new leader, a man American intelligence officials still refer to as ``junior'' or ``the kid.'' President Clinton sounded as baffled as everyone else when he was asked about Mr. Kim last Monday, three days after the death of his father, Kim Il Sung, the world's longest-ruling dictator.
Ms. Choe and Shin, who escaped into the care of the CIA eight years after they arrived in the North, later wrote a book about Kim, which has been published in Korean and Japanese.
The CIA, which financially supported and physically protected the couple for three years after their defection, finds their tale believable; other Korean analysts inside and outside the administration are skeptical.
``Small as a midget's dropping, aren't I?'' He terrified her by serving a special wine with a live snake inside the bottle, drove a motorboat at breakneck speed, enjoyed grown-up toys like a battery-operated car, summoned her to parties in the middle of the night, once ordered the circus to perform for them after midnight and surrounded himself with sycophants who leapt to their feet to act on his whims, she wrote.
State Department officials who have met North Koreans for more than a year to discuss the country's nuclear program reported that after the father's death, their counterparts clearly acted as if the son were in charge and that there would not be any surprises.
WHITE HOUSE DELAYS REBUKE IN COPTER CASE WASHINGTON  (BC-WHITEHOUSE-COPTER-NYT) Seven weeks after the White House said he would be reassigned for his role in the misuse of a Marine Corps helicopter, the head of the White House military office has not been disciplined and remains on the job, administration officials said on Friday.
Now, having come full circle nearly two decades after his first mission against America, the hale and silver-haired Yuzhin, at 52, is back here cruising his old haunts and struggling to carve out a new career as a writer and archivist -- the very covers the KGB once assigned him.
He could, in fact, refute accusations that he had been in contact with the CIA after returning to Moscow.
Day after day here, to the accompaniment of tolling bells and morose soap opera music, typical Americans drive along small-town streets, gather in kitchens, offices and hospitals, knit their brows and fret over what Congress is going to do about health care.
Blocked from Washington's television stations after Pizza Hut executives called the ad libelous, the group now plans to get the message out in advertisements in The Washington Post and The New York Times.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Haley Barbour, the Republican chairman, said he decided to run the advertisement after discovering that the public thought Republicans opposed change of any kind.
As the tension and looting mounted in Goma, the French military advised journalists not to go outside after 7 or 8 p.m. The shooting around Gisyeni was heavier on Saturday night than the previous night, with continual bursts of automatic rifle and machine gun fire, interspersed with the thud of mortars.
But the General Accounting Office expressed these concerns after conducting a telephone survey of 50 states, visiting the federal warehouse and interviewing federal and state officials, drug company executives and vaccine researchers: --The Public Health Service has not tested the procedures to be used in ordering vaccine or the containers and procedures to be used in shipping it.
Microsoft had insisted that these companies disclose no details of its operating system until at least three years after the system had been made public.
The order to expel the combined observer mission of the United Nations and Organization of American States came hours after four American amphibious assault ships carrying 2,000 marines arrived in Haitian waters.
Immediately after the monitors were expelled, a dozen men whose identities remain unknown were killed and clandestinely buried in a small town just west of here.
A rally called on Thursday to protest the embargo was held under a statue of Henri Christophe, the president and king who committed suicide in 1820 after he lost control of his army.
But the effort collapsed this summer, after taxpayers realized the cost.
Brown, commissioner from 1990 to 1992 and now director of the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy, said, ``The goal should be to be sure the department is a reflection of the community it serves throughout the ranks.'' And with the new emphasis on community policing and foot patrols, he said, ``It's important for people to see police officers who look like them.'' But a disparity between the racial makeup of the city and its police force persists despite 15 years of rebuilding that added thousands of officers after the fiscal crisis of the 1970s.
He said the charge was the culmination of ``these little petty things that started happening to me'' after he rebuked a white sergeant for a racial slur.
Clarence Surgeon, recently retired from the force and the former top officer of the National Black Police Officers Association, said that for 18 years, wave after wave of white detectives he trained were promptly promoted, while he was denied promotion from second-grade detective to first grade despite a flawless record.
One obstacle is the shortage of places after the recent expansion of the department.
Although many believed that the effects of the cometary bombardment might be so subtle they could be detected only after weeks of study, all hoped that the death of the comet would reveal details of the inner structure of Jupiter, the general composition of comets and the dynamics of celestial crashes.
Astronomers surmise that after spending millions or billions of years in orbit around the Sun, the comet was captured by Jupiter's gravity in the early 1970s.
It was spotted only after the Jovian gravitation gently pulled it apart some time in 1992.
Soon after the comet's discovery, Dr. Brian G.
Watson dropped to one stroke behind after a 69.
``I am having a really good time,'' said Faxon, who has never led a major after three rounds.
But, after picking up another birdie at the ninth hole he missed two makable chances and then made one costly mistake.
Norman went from three behind Watson to five back with a double bogey, and then failed to birdie the placid par-five 17th after driving his ball into the fairway bunker 275 yards from the tee.
``I feel like every day my game is getting a little better,'' said Price, whose only flaw of the day was a bogey at the last hole after a 7-iron flew the green from 175 yards.
 (BC-SOC-WCUP-FINAL-NYT) Shortly after high noon in the once-wild American West, the Italians will march into the Rose Bowl in a thin blue line.
The delegation came to lunch at a Los Gatos restaurant, Cafe Marcella, which had closed after lunch that day but reopened for the Brazilians.
You can't plan a hurricane, you can only prepare for it.'' The grumblers may feel differently after Sunday.
The delegation came to lunch at a Los Gatos restaurant, Cafe Marcella, which had closed after lunch that day but reopened for the Brazilians.
You can't plan a hurricane, you can only prepare for it.'' The grumblers may feel differently after Sunday.
The senior Charles Allen and his wife, Frances, began raising a family of seven soon after the turn of the century in a cold-water, Upper West Side flat with a tub in the kitchen.
Four years after the younger Charles Allen dropped out of the old Commerce High School and began as a runner on Wall Street, he opened his own office in which his brother, Herbert, joined him five years later after he dropped out of DeWitt Clinton High School.
Allen was also a trustee of the Frances Allen Foundation, which is named after his mother, and was a member of the visiting committee of the Stanford University School of Medicine.
At top, Briceda Guioth de Espinosa manages the corner store she open in a poor Bogota neighborhood after her husband left her.
Consider that Jay Sadowitz, who was selling flowers from a cart on the street not long after he moved here in 1971, now owns an established flower shop in Woodstock's main business district.
But, after some harsh criticism in the earlier rounds, FIFA officials now insist that they are content with the officiating over all.
Pierluigi Pairetto of Italy was also sent home after the second round, for missing a red-card foul on Miodrag Belodedici when the Romanian sweeper tripped an Argentine forward from behind and was given only a yellow.
The Italians probably had more to complain about than most after their quarterfinal match with Spain.
Billy Connors goes after Matt Nokes.
``New York drama, huh?'' Nokes said, smiling, an hour after the Yankee catcher nearly went toe to toe with Connors, the Yankee pitching coach.
They beat Seattle, 10-8, in 11 innings after having rallied for two runs in the ninth to tie the score, then seizing the victory with Danny Tartabull's two-run single off reliever Tim Davis in the top of the 11th.
Letting those guys on with Griffey coming up, he's going to get you.'' The bench coach, Clete Boyer, calmed Nokes after the commotion, while Connors sulked on the bench, folding his arms across his barrel chest.
O'Neill drove in Don Mattingly and Gerald Williams, who had pinch run for Nokes after a single.
Off a quick restart after a foul, Brolin sent through a pass to Hakan Mild for a goal in the 30th minute.
One player will ascend above the other after a 30-day run in which Romario and Baggio have each scored five goals and almost single-footedly carried their teams to Sunday's epic summit.
He recently got away with calling Pele ``mentally retarded'' and a ``museum piece,'' received a four-game suspension from FIFA for punching Argentina player Diego Simoene and called teammate Bebeto a ``chorao'' (crybaby) after also refusing to sit next to him on the flight to the United States.
``I'm the face of Rio,'' Romario said after a recent lunch at his preferred watering hole, Texas Loosey's chili parlor in Fullerton, Calif., where the waitresses wear Cowboy hats and swimsuits.
He also said he'll retire from soccer when his Barcelona contract expires after the 1996 season.
Karp retired three years ago after serving as an account executive in the New York office of Rogers & Cowan, a Los Angeles public relations firm specializing in the entertainment business.
ANOTHER BAD SPILL FOR JULIE KRONE ELMONT, N.Y.  (BC-RAC-BELMONT-KRONE-NYT) Seven weeks after she returned from a nine-month absence forced by a shattered right ankle, Julie Krone was spilled from a horse at Belmont Park on Saturday and suffered a badly bruised left leg below the knee.
For a time after the spill, it appeared that the 31-year-old jockey had fractured the tibia bone in the leg and that injury might again threaten her career.
``Some people can resume normal activities in two days.'' Krone, the most successful female rider in racing history, said ``the saddle slipped'' a few jumps after she came shooting out of the starting gate aboard the 3-year-old gelding Doubtful Debt in the third race.
When she returned to the races on May 25, she wore a fabric brace inside her right riding boot, and acknowledged that she felt pain frequently when walking or even sitting after a day's work at the race track.
The 37-year-old Daniel, winner of back-to-back tournaments this year and second on the money list after several frustrating seasons, fired a five-under-par 66 to lift her into a three-stroke lead going into Sunday's final.
It is an elite pantheon, with only 13 members, including the 43-year-old Pat Bradley who, after a 72 on Saturday, is in a cluster of five players at 209, four strokes behind Daniel.
Standing over her tee shot on the ninth tee after suffering her second double-bogey on the front nine, Carner said aloud, and with a smile: ``I'm not having any fun.'' Most of her fans roared with laughter.
``I thought the referee was deliberately hard on Stoichkov,'' Coach Dimitar Penev of Bulgaria said after the game.
Green Bay won the first two Super Bowls, after the '67 and '68 seasons, but fell victim to age.
EX-RANGERS COACH MEETS WITH RED WINGS WINDSOR, Ontario  (BC-HKN-KEENAN-REDWINGS-NYT) One day after declaring himself a free agent in the National Hockey League marketplace, Mike Keenan met with representatives from the Red Wings organization in downtown Detroit to discuss what is believed to be the joint position of general manager and coach.
``After all the calls Rob had made, after all the inquiries I'd made, I still didn't have answers.
Washington abided by this fiction both before and after it switched U.S. recognition from Nationalist Taiwan to the communist mainland in 1979.
At a news conference in Baltimore, Dr. Eugene Shoemaker, one of the three astronomers who discovered the comet last year, said the reports from Europe and Chile suggested that a fireball some 1,200 miles across appeared at the edge of Jupiter just after the first fragment hit its back side.
First reports of the plumes reached the United States only three hours after the impact.
Astronomers surmise that after spending millions or billions of years in orbit around the sun, the comet was captured by Jupiter's gravity in the early 1970s.
It was spotted only after the Jovian gravitation gently pulled it apart some time in 1992.
Soon after the comet's discovery, Dr. Brian G.
Sanchez was essentially the only acclaimed Bolivian left after a loss to Germany and tie with South Korea.
Finally back in the Cup final after a 24-year absence, Parreira's team of one-named stars will be looking to make one last foe cower in the face of the world's best attack.
Stoitchkov, named after Jesus Christ, repeatedly boasted that the Lord is Bulgarian.
The 1994 experience only got worse for the almost-bankrupt Lions, whose reputation for attractive soccer and an unassailable spirit was obliterated in losses to Brazil (3-0) and Russia (6-1) after an opening tie with Sweden.
But after hanging on for 3-2 victories over South Korea and Belgium, the defending champions were sent home with a 2-1 quarterfinal loss to Bulgaria.
Oleg Salenko probably didn't mind departing the World Cup after his record five-goal game against Cameroon.
They wanted to make the second round for the first time since 1930 and did, avoiding the embarrassment of becoming the first host country to drop out after three games.
It is that unheard voice that may have the final rebuke after this long, ugly battle is played out.
Will that guy in the stands come back to the game of baseball after the stoppage with the same enthusiasm?
A minor mechanical flaw probably detected after studying hours of video tape of Beck this season and last, right?
``Taking the World Cup to the United States is like taking the World Series to Brazil,'' said a Brazilian soccer official after his country and Morocco were beaten out by the U.S. for the right to host this World Cup.
The officer, who the police said had a history of domestic disputes with his girlfriend, had driven to a nearby motel shortly after dawn, fired shotgun blasts at two strangers, then drove off in his own car.
Rungo, said DiDonato was already on modified assignment after his arrest during a domestic dispute with his girlfriend, one of several such disputes.
But after Memorial Day, it is hard enough for Indy-car racing to get out of the news-media shadow cast by Nascar.
It was the speedway and the U.S. Auto Club, after all, that concocted a rule that allowed Penske and Mercedes-Benz to use their bankrolls to build an engine that turned the 1994 Indy 500 into a farce.
The murder of a luckless Colombian star this month, after Colombia's team was eliminated, provided sad evidence of soccer pride gone fanatical.
Ms. Sung has led the project that brought new attention to the immigrant files decades after they were closed.
So intense was the fear of being found out that many ``paper sons'' kept their false names all their lives; sometimes their survivors engraved their original names on their tombstones after they died.
Until he served in the Navy during World War II, after which he was eligible for naturalization, Chin's cousin kept the name.
Ms. Sung, who said her own family entered the country through Seattle, got the project going in 1990 after she heard about the files, then stored in Bayonne, N.J. She began with a grant from the Chiang Ching-kuo Foundation in Taiwan and finished the work with another grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities.
One player will ascend above the other after a 30-day run in which Romario and Baggio have each scored five goals and almost single-footedly carried their teams to today's epic summit.
He recently got away with calling Pele ``mentally retarded'' and a ``museum piece,'' received a four-game suspension from FIFA for punching Argentina player Diego Simoene and called teammate Bebeto a ``chorao'' (crybaby) after also refusing to sit next to him on the flight to the United States.
``I'm the face of Rio,'' Romario said after a recent lunch at his preferred watering hole, Texas Loosey's chili parlor in Fullerton, Calif., where the waitresses wear Cowboy hats and swimsuits.
He also said he'll retire from soccer when his Barcelona contract expires after the 1996 season.
``I'm a little tired,'' Carver said after the morning workouts.
He did diversify after leaving the University of Oklahoma, becoming involved in the business world and working in broadcasting.
 (BC-SOC-SWEDEN-LADN) From what Kennet Andersson has heard, the celebration back home will be big, too big for the 50,000-seat outdoor stadium where Sweden's goal-medal winning hockey team was honored after the Olympics.
To score four goals in a half is almost a dream.'' That sounded fine after Saturday's game at the Rose Bowl, but didn't quite explain Wednesday's outcome, a 1-0 loss to Brazil.
And after hundreds of matches and thousands of goals, what it comes down to in the World Cup's final match today are the two teams that many people thought would be there all along.
Against the United States and Sweden, Brazil unloaded shot after shot on goal but could get only one goal in each game.
The Italians didn't arrive in Southern California until Thursday afternoon after playing all their games in New York, Boston or Washington.
Dixon was sidelined seven games last year after tearing cartilage in his right knee.
Well, there was the guy who mentioned such tragedies as Irish fans being killed in a bar during a game, Mexican fans dying in a plane crash in Washington, the murder of Andres Escobar in Colombia and the suspension of Diego Maradona after a drug test, and then wrote, ``As disturbing as all these developments have been, they have not managed to detract from what, to this point, has been a successful World Cup.'' Now that you've had almost two weeks to mull over the U.S. game against Brazil, what do you think?
Being away from home two months, it's difficult to keep your concentration, especially when the match is only for third place.'' Still hurting from a narrow semifinal loss to Italy in which a Stoitchkov penalty kick pushed his goal total to six, Bulgaria's focus vanished after just eight minutes, when Tomas Brolin's header gave Sweden a 1-0 lead.
``I don't think we just played for Stoitchkov.'' Whatever the Bulgarians did couldn't fool Ravelli, who had an exchange with Stoitchkov after beating him to a cross in the 23rd minute and held on to his shutout when Balakov's rebound shot hit the crossbar in the 78th minute.
Pele had vowed to retire from the national team after 1966, but changed his mind and returned in 1970.
``Too many games, too much stress.'' The Swedes had made a similar complaint after Wednesday's 1-0 loss to Brazil in Pasadena: How could they be expected to play just two days after a marathon, penalty-kicks victory over Romania?
``We wanted it more than Bulgaria today,'' said Kennet Andersson, who headed home the last Swedish goal after beating goalkeeper Borislav Mikhailov to Stefan Schwarz's cross in the 40th minute.
And seven minutes after that, he set up Henrik Larsson for the clever goal that made it a rout.
The goalie stopped him three times; after a save in the 85th minute, Stoitchkov sprawled on the grass in exasperation, and bitterly refused Ravelli's offer to help him up.
``Anyone who played in that league who is still living is probably sought after to get some information.'' Those players, like Surratt and Altman, will continue to be the historians who will add spice and flavor when storytelling about the Negro Leagues is required.
That's coming a long way for Lassiter, 24, who after high school in Newport News, Va., lacked the academic credentials for a Division I-A school.
``I heard you had three years to finish up, but I didn't know much about it at all,'' Lassiter said Friday, a day after the committee gave him an extra year, after rejecting three previous appeals.
announced its withdrawal as title sponsor of the Classic after this year.
Southwestern Bell also pulled out after six years as the major sponsor of the Colonial, a regular PGA Tour event in Fort Worth, Texas.
For the Dodgers, it was a question potentially worth a quarter of a million dollars, since Hershiser's contract calls for a $3 million base salary and bonuses of $250,000 for each start after his 30th of the season.
It happened a couple years ago when Sid Fernandez was with the Mets and had a similar kind of bonus clause.'' So by leaving during warmups instead of after throwing at least one pitch, Hershiser might have cost himself $250,000.
``While it has not gotten better, there is no increase in pain,'' Ferretti said after practice.
The Hubble also detected a plume rising above the horizon of Jupiter just after the impact.
But the news of a plume of material rising from Jupiter's surface after the first impact about 1 p.m. (PDT) was received with oohs and aahs by about 250 amateur and professional astronomers gathered at Mount Wilson Observatory in the mountains above Pasadena, Calif.
A second fragment of the comet hit Jupiter just after 8 p.m. (PDT).
In Baltimore, comet discoverers Eugene Shoemaker, his wife, Carolyn, and David Levy received early data by computer from observatories around the globe and expressed glee time after time as the initial reports started arriving.
``Too many games, too much stress.'' The Swedes had made a similar complaint after Wednesday's 1-0 loss to Brazil in Pasadena: How could they be expected to play just two days after a marathon, penalty-kicks victory over Romania?
``We wanted it more than Bulgaria today,'' said Kennet Andersson, who headed home the last Swedish goal after beating goalkeeper Borislav Mikhailov to Stefan Schwarz's cross in the 40th minute.
And seven minutes after that, he set up Henrik Larsson for the clever goal that made it a rout.
The goalie stopped him three times; after a save in the 85th minute, Stoitchkov sprawled on the grass in exasperation, and bitterly refused Ravelli's offer to help him up.
``We've been scuffling a little bit, the last couple of days especially (two losses to the Orioles after the All-Star break).
``We didn't start out well after the break, and to come back against guys like (Mike) Mussina and Smith says a lot about this team.'' The Angels' 39-53 record probably says infinitely more.
It was enhanced in 1985 by Stamford's demolition-delay ordinance, which mandates a 90-day waiting period after a demolition permit has been issued.
..........7.....--.....1 (HarperCollins, $24.) A woman tries to cope after an act of violence destroys her perfect family life.
Now, having come full circle nearly two decades after his first mission against America, the hale and silver-haired Yuzhin, at 52, is back here cruising his old haunts and struggling to carve out a new career as a writer and archivist -- the very covers the KGB once assigned him.
He could, in fact, refute accusations that he had been in contact with the CIA after returning to Moscow.
Now, having come full circle nearly two decades after his first mission against America, the hale and silver-haired Yuzhin, at 52, is back here cruising his old haunts and struggling to carve out a new career as a writer and archivist -- the very covers the KGB once assigned him.
He could, in fact, refute accusations that he had been in contact with the CIA after returning to Moscow.
Israel ordered the border to the Gaza Strip sealed indefinitely and placed a curfew on Hebron after demonstrations erupted there and in several other West Bank cities as news of the Gaza unrest spread.
The rampage began before dawn as workers pushed forward and began heaving rocks after waiting hours in line to pass through separate Palestinian and Israeli checkpoints at Erez, the crowded strip's main gateway for at least 15,000 Palestinians who work daily at construction and farming jobs in Israel.
When the overall leaders finished 5:56 after them, the Dane rose only to 40th place and the Australian to 64th among the 141 riders left.
 (BC-MONEY-Q&A-NYT) Q: When a spouse is the beneficiary of an IRA, can the spouse add a child as beneficiary after the account owner dies?
One thing taxpayers don't have to worry about, the IRS has determined, is losing any of their deduction for an item of ``insubstantial'' value, like a lapel pin or a box of greeting cards, received after a donation.
She was just two strokes off the lead when rain halted play after 28 holes in the 54-hole Youngstown-Warren Classic.
After only 36 hours in the hospital, and after doctors had decided not to remove the bullet, Williams was released.
She had hit some balls on the Monday after the shooting, then played a round on Tuesday and felt weak.
When interest rates hit record lows and real estate prices began turning around after overbuilding in the late 1980's, many investors began switching to real estate stocks from utility stocks.
Then, early in 1991, Alfonso Perez Sanchez, the museum's director since 1983, was abruptly dismissed after signing a public protest against Spain's involvement in the Persian Gulf war.
Lack of maintenance of the Prado's roof then forced Garin's resignation in October last year after Spanish newspapers published photographs of visitors avoiding buckets in the ``Las Meninas'' gallery.
Smith, a 4-8 disappointment entering the game and 4-9 after the Mets' embarrassing 10-1 loss to the Padres, was booed lustily.
He left Sunday as top dog after beating Jacco Eltingh, 6-3, 6-4, 4-6, 6-1, in the fifth and decisive match for a 3-2 victory against the Dutch on another sweltering day.
That, in fact, is why currency speculators figured that Washington had quietly abetted a decline in the value of the dollar after the collapse of trade talks with Japan last spring.
the finicky trees take as long as 15 years after planting to bear fruit, compared with only three years for mangoes and other popular tropical fruits.
MUCH PRIDE, BUT MANY QUESTION APOLLO'S VALUE LOS ANGELES  (BC-APOLLO-MEMORIES-ART-525(2TAKES)-NYT) Twenty-five years after the United States put a man on the moon, Americans still take great pride in that stirring, epochal achievement.
``Sadly, it turns out that what everybody thought would be a new epoch after the moon walk didn't last much longer than the moon walk itself,'' Ms. Birchall now laments.
They'd need to convince me after the moon walk boondoggle that it's not just another macho junket.'' To Rick Parfitt, 41, a speech researcher from San Francisco, the moon mission produced ``great things like the hand-held calculator and the integrated circuit.'' But he, too, views the mission as a costly product of a Cold War mentality -- and also as a bit of colonial imperialism by the United States.
The Apollo days were the headiest of his life, he said, month after month of 100-hour weeks, seeing the capsule take form right before his eyes, even under the guidance of his own hands.
``Think of what we've just heard.'' ``Incredible,'' ``magical,'' ``spectacular'' came the volley, and before long, mixed sports metaphors dominated: ``How about that for a triple play,'' Perlman said after the three singers had pitched a fast one.
There were plugs as well: Whoopi Goldberg, corralled for a pregame interview, mentioned her next movie, Perlman showed his latest CD, and PBS was never too embarrassed to let itself be promoted in comment after comment by its hosts.
The concert itself was deftly put together (with many selections changed after the program was printed).
The producer, Tibor Rudas, knew better than to tinker with a successful formula; he was after archetypes, and the connection with the World Cup games supported them.
Clinton would limit cash benefits to two years, after which able-bodied recipients would have to find jobs or take a subsidized private or public-sector job.
But such moves ground to a halt after Pyongyang announced last year that it would pull out of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
On the economic side, after witnessing the German experience, we should be more realistic.'' 
Clinton would limit cash benefits to two years, after which able-bodied recipients would have to find jobs or take a subsidized private or public-sector job.
And in a community that depends on space-related government contractors, there is also hope that the commemoration will inspire a generation born after Apollo 11 to support the space program's future.
Shepard Jr. from his capsule after the astronaut splashed down in 1961 as the first American in space.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. the instant after the bullets struck the civil rights leader on the balcony of the Lorraine Motel.
That was in the late 1960s and early 1970s, when the Justice Department came after him to try to get information about the Black Panthers.
And he talked about the hurt he said he feels, all these years after the hope he sometimes wrote about in the civil rights movement, when he sees young black men begging aggressively on the streets of his West Side neighborhood in Manhattan.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. the instant after the bullets struck the civil rights leader on the balcony of the Lorraine Motel.
That was in the late 1960s and early 1970s, when the Justice Department came after him to try to get information about the Black Panthers.
And he talked about the hurt he said he feels, all these years after the hope he sometimes wrote about in the civil rights movement, when he sees young black men begging aggressively on the streets of his West Side neighborhood in Manhattan.
Fresh from a losing campaign to take over Paramount Communications, Diller set out after another company with a famous name and great power in the media world: CBS.
Two weeks ago, Tisch said for the first time that he was ready to move on after eight years as chairman.
Fresh from a losing campaign to take over Paramount Communications, Diller set out after another company with a famous name and great power in the media world: CBS.
Two weeks ago, Tisch said for the first time that he was ready to move on after eight years as chairman.
At one point, when it was his turn to answer after two of his opponents, he said cheerfully, ``I'd be happy to let Marshall take a shot, first.'' Dr. Robert Denton, a professor of communication at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, said after the debate: ``If this had been televised, it would have been disastrous for Robb.
He did not take up tennis seriously until after World War I when, at age 20, he played in the championships of the Army of the Rhine and reached the semifinals.
Shortly after graduating with an engineering degree from L'Ecole Polytechnique in 1922, Borotra went to work for Satam, a French company that distributed gasoline pumps.
He did not take up tennis seriously until after World War I when, at age 20, he played in the championships of the Army of the Rhine and reached the semifinals.
Shortly after graduating with an engineering degree from L'Ecole Polytechnique in 1922, Borotra went to work for Satam, a French company that distributed gasoline pumps.
But after I did it, I realized it was a pivotal point,'' Amundson said.
Amundson identified herself on the Seattle-to-Portland ride by wearing a bib that said `Blind Skier.' ``I wore the bib so everyone would know there is life after vision loss,'' she said.
The authorities were alerted to the case sometime after the girl's doctors ordered a sputum test from a local laboratory, which reported its result, but the doctors did not answer 25 requests for information, state health officials said.
By the time the local health department took over the girl's case, about a year after the laboratory alerted officials and two years after the girl first complained about her cough, she had developed a drug-resistant strain, possibly because she had not taken her medication regularly.
Then in June 1993, after officials began testing the students in the school, they saw that they had a widespread outbreak of TB.
We're the TB school.'' Mycobacterium tuberculosis was the leading cause of death in the United States until the 1950s, after a combination of improved sanitation and new antibiotics began to reduce the death rate sharply.
``They root hard for him, but after a while, you start wondering, `Is he sound today or isn't he?' We have to depend on the doctors to tell us that.'' The pitcher had offered a glimmer of hope that he was emerging from a seasonlong funk in his previous start, when he limited the Los Angeles Dodgers to two earned runs in seven innings on July 8.
Just after Fragment A hit, astronomers at the Sutherland Observatory in South Africa said they had seen the fragment disappear but without any apparent effect on Jupiter.
Both spoke of gigantic plumes of white hot gas and debris rising from an impact site that swept into view a few minutes after Fragment A hit.
Even a team of amateurs in Miami using a relatively small telescope, Jeff Beisch, Carl Hernandez and Don Parker, observed and made images of Jupiter's new spot soon after it appeared.
Dr. Imke de Pater, head of one of the Keck observing teams, said that soon after the moment of impact, a faint bright spot appeared on Jupiter's eastern edge.
The news was relatively good: ``Lion King,'' the animated musical which is one of the year's biggest hits, came in third place after ``True Lies,'' the Arnold Schwarzenegger adventure that just opened this past weekend, and ``Forrest Gump,'' the comedy-drama starring Tom Hanks.
Last Thursday, the company said it had ``empowered a companywide task force to remake the airline.'' TWA employees, who own a 45 percent stake in the carrier after giving up $660 million in concessions over three years, also said recently that they would cover lease payments on a jet the carrier wanted to add to its fleet.
In a recent Duff & Phelps report, the agency said it did not believe the airline would be able to obtain additional financing like a revolving line of credit because of its ``current capital structure, poor operating performance and limited prospects in an industry characterized by overcapacity.'' In the first quarter, TWA's revenues increased 8.2 percent, to $760.6 million from $702.7 million, after the airline increased its capacity 8 percent.
But a similar international force that took up posts in Hebron after a massacre of Palestinians there last February has proved to be basically ineffectual.
As a result, the Hamas protesters fought with the Israelis, and clashes dragged on for hours after the combat between soldiers and the workers had subsided.
One witness said that Palestinian police officers had fired back only after one of them was shot in the lower back as he tried to push away laborers intent on storming Israeli positions.
An hour later, after returning home for breakfast, Johnson, his palms sweaty, would flash his company identification card at the guard at Gate 42 and walk into the General Electric Company's sprawling aircraft engine plant at Evendale, Ohio, a few miles north of here.
Johnson, 33 and a GE engineer for eight years, leveled the accusations in a whistle-blower lawsuit against the company made public last month, months after he informed the FBI of his suspicions.
He said he hired a lawyer and went to the FBI only after the company's internal compliance system broke down and what he considered a serious safety problem was not remedied.
The Engines: Issues of Grounding And Specifications Johnson said he stumbled onto the electrical grounding problem in 1989, after he was asked to test engine components in response to a complaint from Boeing Co., a big customer.
 (BC-GE-WHISTLE-BLOWER-ART-3RDTAKE-NYT) In 1990, GE established an internal task force of engineers to examine an array of EMI issues, and Johnson said the group eventually recommended changes after uncovering evidence that a large number of components in military and commercial engines did not meet bonding requirements.
It was after those debates failed to resolve the matter to his satisfaction that Johnson filed an internal ethics complaint, something that GE employees called a Form A.
``This is not unique to GE, but it happens to GE with distressing frequency,'' said Judge Carl Rubin of the U.S. District Court in Cincinnati, who presided over the Israeli case and excused himself from Johnson's case after the company hired his former law partner.
The crowd turned to the hospital's main entrance, which the Palestinian police had sealed off, and some shouted ``Revenge, revenge!'' The situation dramatizes the quandary of the PLO, which is installed here now after years of exile.
Under the plan, the military government would allow Abiola's ``unconditional'' release if he and other political detainees agreed not to resort to further ``disturbances of the peace,'' according to a statement issued after the meeting.
The current crisis began when the military government, which said for eight years that it would return Nigeria to democratic rule, abruptly reneged on the promise after presidential elections in June 1993.
There has been some inflation since Susan McHugh and her sisters, who grew up nearby, sold lemonade on the same spot in the years after the accident.
Christopher Kennedy, a supervisor with the Trustees of Reservations, which owns and manage wildlife preserves, has helped negotiate a plan to protect shorebirds after the bridge is rebuilt.
The rule that led to Brazil beating Italy on Sunday, 3-2, in penalty kicks after 120 minutes of scoreless play.
I didn't hear the two coaches come up with a better system after the game.
What else can they do after an arbitrary 120 minutes?
It is better that the referee blows the whistle after 120 minutes, and the players shoot it out.
So much so, this is what's expected after a four-game sweep of the Seattle Mariners.
Inspired by Tartabull's grand slam -- the 10th of his career and the New Yorkers' fifth of the season, the Yankees led by 9-4 after seven and by 14-4 at the end.
And Randy Johnson was down by 3-0 after two innings Saturday.
With Brazilian revelers firing pistols in the air after national team victories, Rio's public hospitals routinely record dozens of gunshot wounds on the nights of World Cup games.
The tetra is ours.'' Sunday's game, billed by newspapers here as ``the century's soccer match,'' transfixed Brazil, a nation once called ``the fatherland of the soccer shoes.'' Shortly after dawn reached across Rio, firecrackers exploded in anticipation as fans started to dip into extensive stocks.
A full replay after a day's rest.
The match ended with Brazil holding aloft its first World Cup trophy in 24 years, having gained a 3-2 edge on penalty kicks after 120 scoreless minutes, but this is a championship destined to be remembered less for how it was won than for how it was lost.
Franco Baresi, the resilient defender who played Sunday three weeks after knee surgery, slumped into the arms of Antonio Mattarese, the head of the Italian federation.
Mary Alice Ford, defeated after 15 years in the state legislature in a primary that highlighted her abortion-rights stand, is not pleased.
He found himself in a marvelous position in the penalty area after a setup by Donadoni, but his shot sailed over the crossbar.
And to many Republicans in the House, he is part of a leadership structure that is intent, issue after issue, on ramrodding Democratic policies through and trampling the rights of the minority.
EUPHORIC BRAZILIANS BRING A BIT OF CARNAVAL TO NEW YORK NEW YORK  (BC-SOC-WCUP-FANS-450&ADD-NYT) Part dance, part drums, all madness, fans celebrating Brazil's victory in the World Cup final brought a slice of Carnaval to West 46th Street moments after Roberto Baggio's final penalty kick sailed high over the crossbar to give the Brazilians their first cup triumph in 24 years.
They did not, however, and party-seekers were still streaming into 46th Street long after the match was over.
	Major shipbuilding nations agreed after five years of negotiations to scrap subsidies to their shipyards, but France rejected the deal, negotiators said.
 (BC-PORT-CHICAGO-MEMORIAL-445&ADD-NYT) Just six weeks after the Normandy invasion and three days before U.S. forces landed on Guam to retake the island from the Japanese, World War II brought its deadly havoc home to an ammunition base here with a huge explosion that killed 320 people and wounded 390 others.
But for others, the ceremony was a bitter reminder of what happened three weeks after the explosion, when a group of 258 black sailors marched out for an unspecified work detail.
Although the 50 sailors who were convicted of mutiny were freed after 16 months of hard labor, recent efforts to exonerate the men have failed.
Last January, Navy Secretary John Dalton refused to clear the men's records after reviewing their cases.
AS GIANTS START, ATTENTION TURNS TO THE QUARTERBACKS FLORHAM PARK, N.J.  (BC-FBN-GIANTS-NYT) When New York Giants quarterbacks Dave Brown and Kent Graham walked off the field on Sunday after the team's first day of workouts, they automatically went to two separate spots on the field.
``This is quite a shock, but we hadn't had a lot of hope after three years,'' said her father Dennis Huber on Sunday.
The break in the case occurred about two weeks ago, when a Phoenix couple reported Famalaro to authorities after they visited his home to talk about selling him some paint.
``This is quite a shock, but we hadn't had a lot of hope after three years,'' said her father Dennis Huber on Sunday.
The break in the case occurred about two weeks ago, when a Phoenix couple reported Famalaro to authorities after they visited his home to talk about selling him some paint.
But since Hershiser was credited with a game played as a hitter for being in the lineup in the top of the first inning, they might be forced to start the DL clock after Saturday's game.
Valenzuela is 1-2 with a 2.84 ERA after four starts.
We've got to set the tone in some of these games.'' Instead, after the golf ended 30 minutes before game time, the Dodgers went out and were shut out on four hits before finally awakening.
Mariano Duncan and Kevin Stocker drove in runs for a 2-0 lead after two innings against Astacio, who is winless in four starts since June 25.
Astacio -- not a pregame golf fan -- gave up six runs and was gone after 21/3 innings.
Hernandez was batting in the spot occupied by Dodgers RBI leader Mike Piazza, whom Lasorda pulled after the eighth when the Dodgers trailed by nine runs.
When the one-hole playoff ended, Daniel, 37, who had an even-par 71, was the one doing the celebrating after another birdie in the 18th when she sank a 6-foot putt and Davies missed one from 4 feet out.
By the end of the 13th, Daniel trailed by two strokes after suffering her second, and final, bogey around a double-bogey at the 11th, where Davies had pulled even at 7-under.
``I didn't have my A game out there today, but I was able to stick it out,'' said Daniel, who has won three tournaments this year after a two-year slump in which she fell to 40th on the money list last year.
One older brother is in college, but the other is back in jail, at Rikers Island for violating his parole after a robbery conviction.
Tamika wishes she could see her mother after school or call her on the telephone.
Just after Fragment A hit, astronomers at the Sutherland Observatory in South Africa said they had seen the fragment disappear but without any apparent effect on Jupiter.
Both spoke of gigantic plumes of white hot gas and debris rising from an impact site that swept into view a few minutes after Fragment A hit.
Even a team of amateurs in Miami using a relatively small telescope, Jeff Beisch, Carl Hernandez and Don Parker, observed and made images of Jupiter's new spot soon after it appeared.
Dr. Imke de Pater, head of one of the Keck observing teams, said that soon after the moment of impact, a faint bright spot appeared on Jupiter's eastern edge.
Even a team of amateurs in Miami using a relatively small telescope, Jeff Beisch, Carl Hernandez and Don Parker, observed and made images of Jupiter's new spot soon after it appeared.
Dr. Imke de Pater, head of one of the Keck observing teams, said that soon after the moment of impact, a faint bright spot appeared on Jupiter's eastern edge.
Officials say the dogs are roaming neighborhoods in Bridgeport, Stamford and other Connecticut cities in growing numbers after being discarded by street gangs and drug dealers, who use them for protection or match them in dog fights to pick up bets.
In 1982, Dawn had built a new, lined, tailings pond, designed to hold the crushed rock and contaminated water left after processing takes most of the uranium out.
But the week after her open house in February, Ms. Hogan watched with amazement as a bidding war broke out.
 (BC-NY-REAL-ESTATE-2NDTAKE-NYT) One thing that has surprised brokers has been what they say is a significant demand from families who want to stay in the city -- or even to come back again after having moved away earlier.
Josten was born in Neuss and earned a doctorate in law at the University of Erlangen, Germany, in 1935, after Hitler came to power.
And they are furious that the major environmental groups, after refusing to help when the battle started in 1986, now are trying to tell them what's best for Ford.
``But after eight years of dealing with it, I don't see any other way.'' State officials seem to agree.
They say they aren't eager to spend years and millions of dollars going after Newmont and quite possibly losing the fight.
	Jim Johnson, executive vice president and general manager at Siegel & Gale of New York, has left that company after almost five years to head Anspach Grossman Portugal Inc.
	Johnson's appointment, effective immediately, comes six months after the WPP Group of London completed its acquisition of Anspach Grossman.
	This is the second time Staffen has returned to DDB Needham New York after leaving for another agency; he joined Chiat/Day's New York office in 1990 and came back a year later.
	DeVito/Verdi was awarded the account on Friday after a review of two to three months that began with six agencies and was narrowed to DeVito/Verdi and one other finalist, Mad Dogs and Englishmen of New York.
LEGIONNAIRES' DISEASE HITS CRUISE SHIP PASSENGERS NEW YORK  (BC-LEGIONNAIRES-OUTBREAK-NYT) Nearly a third of the passengers who went to a Hudson River pier Saturday planning to take a luxury cruise to Bermuda canceled their trips after federal investigators warned them that three passengers on a previous cruise had been hospitalized with Legionnaires' disease.
Seven passengers aboard the Horizon developed pneumonia after the vessel returned to New York on July 2 at the end of a one-week cruise.
City officials said nearly a third of the Horizon's 1,354 passengers decided to cancel after being warned by agents from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, who tested the vessel and took air and water samples back with them to their headquarters in Atlanta.
A 67-year-old man admitted on July 3, the day after the liner docked in New York, was in stable condition.
The patch was taken off at the end of the first half, but after cramps developed, a trainer fitted Baggio's thigh with a tight black wrap for the 30 minutes of extra time.
``The way I shot it,'' Baggio said after showering and undoing his trademark ponytail, ``I don't know how I did that.'' The whole, long, goalless afternoon might have set soccer in the United States back 30 days.
The Italians smiled a lot after the game, perhaps bemused by the way they lost, in the first penalty-kicks tiebreaker in a World Cup final.
He had put the ball in the net five times -- only Russia's Oleg Salenko and Bulgaria's Hristo Stoitchkov scored more goals -- after a slow start in the World Cup.
Taffarel's stop, along with misses high by Franco Baresi and Roberto Baggio, gave Brazil a 3-2 edge from the penalty spot after a scoreless tie at the Rose Bowl that meant an unprecedented fourth world championship for his country.
``When the moment came, we knew he would be ready.'' With considerable doubt about the preparedness of Bebeto, scheduled to kick fifth for Brazil in the shootout after refusing to take a key penalty during the Spanish League season, Taffarel thwarting Massaro was critical.
``Taffarel should be the hero today,'' said Dunga, whose shot past Italy goalkeeper Gianluca Pagliuca came right after Taffarel put his gloves to Massaro's drive.
They surely would have tried had Taffarel come up saveless in the shootout after making just eight saves and allowing three goals before blanking Sweden in the semifinals.
I came here to be a World Cup champion -- even on penalties.'' Demetrio Albertini and Alberico Evani converted past Taffarel after Baresi's miss, but the big save came next.
Tiziana D'Agostino and Sonia Rotondo have lived in San Diego the past few years after growing up in Italy.
Taking advantage of two Italian misses, Brazil beat Italy 3-2 in penalty kicks after 120 scoreless minutes to reassert itself as the world's best team for the first time since 1970.
Baresi, playing his first match since June 23, was consoled by both Taffarel and Pagliuca after the shot.
Then, after the games are over, everybody is back in the water.'' And, of course, there were many American fans present, attracted either by their love of soccer or by the once-in-a-lifetime chance to watch a World Cup on their home turf.
The incident didn't affect the pregnancy: She gave birth on July 7 to a boy the couple named Mattheus, after German star Lothar Matthaeus.
So much so, this is what's expected after a four-game sweep of the Seattle Mariners.
Inspired by Tartabull's grand slam -- the 10th of his career and the New Yorkers' fifth of the season, the Yankees led by 9-4 after seven and by 14-4 at the end.
And Randy Johnson was down by 3-0 after two innings Saturday.
Tiziana D'Agostino and Sonia Rotondo have lived in San Diego the past few years after growing up in Italy.
Then, after the games are over, everybody is back in the water.'' And, of course, there were many American fans present, attracted either by their love of soccer or by the once-in-a-lifetime chance to watch a World Cup on their home turf.
The surgically repaired left knee that sidelined him after 12 games last season still isn't 100 percent.
So far, after two days of work I think he's picking things up very well.
Brazilian natives paid homage to their one-named gods at a place named 14 Below, turning the corner of Santa Monica Boulevard and 14th Street into a little slice of Rio de Janeiro after the team's World Cup final win over Italy.
And it was especially heard around the streets of Old Towne Pasadena after Brazil's exciting World Cup win over Italy on Sunday.
Thousands of people filled the blocked off streets of Pasadena after the game to celebrate the win until dark.
Despite being disappointed, the Italians showed their share of nationalism after the game, chanting ``Italia.'' ``Brazil got lucky,'' said Italian fan Nacho Plantitasa.
``It is not the most eloquent way to win, but it would be grossly unfair to keep playing after 90 minutes of regulation and 30 minutes of overtime,'' Parreira said.
``It's not the most eloquent way to win, but it would be grossly unfair to keep playing after 90 minutes of regulation and 30 minutes of overtime,'' Parreira said.
In 1991, the Blues signed Brendan Shanahan as a free agent from the Devils and lost Stevens as compensation, a year after signing Stevens as a free agent from Washington.
Russ Springer had the Angels in a 3-0 hole after the game's first three batters had finished with him.
Equaling the stakes record of 1:40 1/5 (for 1 1/16 miles) and narrowly missing the track record by 1/5, Region returned $8.60 for the win while showing trainer Richard Mandella there was little to worry about after coming out of the Santa Anita Handicap with a slight ulceration of the throat.
Power Forward holds the track record of 1:40.0. Sea Cadet, returning from a 20-month layoff after battling colitis -- an intestinal disorder -- and ankle injuries was also among the leaders coming out of the third turn.
``But Mr. Mandella had him dead fit for the race and it paid off.'' Stevens didn't discover he was riding Region until after the sixth race.
Nakatani suffered a sprained wrist after falling from Stolen Loot in the third race.
Stolen Loot had to be humanely destroyed after fracturing the cannon bone under his right hoof.
``He ran really hard after being off for 20 months,'' jockey Alex Solis said.
May, the Harvard historian, says Mr. Clinton probably is not defied much more than most presidents -- De Gaulle tormented Eisenhower, after all -- but that this president is worse than most at keeping failures under wraps.
As the use of chemical insecticides and herbicides exploded during the years after World War II, so did the impact of farming on the environment, leading to a steady increase of demands on farmers and their suppliers to alter their practices.
This is, after all, not a question just for a tiny country in East Africa.
While Clinton stumbled a bit gracelessly into both nominations -- settling on each after months of a painfully public trial-and-error selection process -- it was no fluke that his serious consideration was reserved for candidates of moderate, mainstream views.
The Senate rejected his nomination after a month-long battle by a vote of 58 to 42.
Komonchak, professor of religion and religious studies at Catholic University, referring to a great scholar of canon law who wrote a work on diocesan synods in 1748, eight years after becoming Pope.
On May 30, a month after the Vatican formally allowed female altar servers, he acted to stamp out any speculation about the possibility of women priests, declaring in an apostolic letter that the church had ``no authority whatsoever'' to confer ordination on women.
..........7.....--.....1 (HarperCollins, $24.) A woman tries to cope after an act of violence destroys her perfect family life.
On the other hand, if a curve is to be worked on the entire assembly, it can be roughed out on the band saw and then faired by hand, perhaps using a spokeshave, after glue-up.
And a particularly sound one since he died three months after leaving Washington.
And it never hurts, after a consumer has signed on the dotted line for many thousands of dollars, that the purchaser goes away with the belief he has gained an image of prosperity in the eyes of his peers.
Most cars have four-cycle or Otto-cycle engines, named after German inventor Nicholas Otto.
And it never hurts, after a consumer has signed on the dotted line for many thousands of dollars, that the purchaser goes away with the belief he has gained an image of prosperity in the eyes of his peers.
Most cars have four-cycle or Otto-cycle engines, named after German inventor Nicholas Otto.
Especially after dark, the streets can feel as menacing as Dodge City in the 1880s.
Power Translator choked on these files, and after looking closely at them, I could see why.
You may even end up subjects in one of the articles that is certain to appear in newspapers around the country, the one about how the birth rate went up nine months after the baseball strike started.
It has been worthwhile after all, I think.
Stauffenberg's scheme stresses that the first two hours after Hitler's death will be critical.
Eighteen minutes after the explosion, Olbricht goes to Fromm's office at the Ministry of War in Berlin.
He is subdued after a scuffle and put under guard.
``Fifteen minutes after she had bidden her husband farewell,'' Shirer writes, ``Frau Rommel received the expected telephone call from the hospital.
So I was grateful -- after spending several hours installing it -- that I couldn't notice any difference.
When no-till farming started to gain in popularity, some farmers said they could never dream of life after the plow.
Cellular One, a company based in Paramus, N.J., recently sued the Hudson River village of Dobbs Ferry, N.Y., for the right to install such antennas after village officials denied the company's application.
NYNEX withdrew a plan about a year ago to build a cellular station in Lincoln Park, N.J., after residents protested it.
And the town of Greenburgh, N.Y., is considering drafting an ordinance to limit this kind of station to nonresidential areas after a showdown with Cellular One over a station the company proposed there.
The railroads he built and the grand public buildings of his age are everywhere, but no statue of him exists, and he remains exiled even after death.
	Alberto Vitale, the chairman of Random House and an Italian by birth, acquired the book, ``Crossing the Threshold of Hope,'' after reading some of it in Italian translation.
Contrary to what you'd imagine from this movie, after almost 25 years in the newspaper business I can tell you that: -- Never have I seen a newspaper columnist parked outside this building enthusiastically kissing a blonde in a red convertible.
Chasing after fire engines?
If you'd settled for peanuts -- an advance of, say, fifteen or twenty thousand simoleons -- the publisher could have said, ``If you don't want to get out there and sell your own book it's no skin off my nose, J.P.'' And let you die in the bookshops after selling the tiny first printing he issued to recover his peanuts.
 (BC-APOLLO-2NDTAKE-NYT) Looking beyond Apollo soon after the first lunar landing, a White House panel endorsed much of NASA's wish list when it proposed an ambitious program of bases on the Moon, space stations circling it and even larger Earth-orbiting laboratories capable of supporting 50 to 100 people.
``We thought after Apollo we wouldn't need to go back to the drawing board for whole new sets of vehicles.
After all, he noted, it was 50 years after Magellan made the first crossing of the Pacific before the Spanish finally managed to go back in 1571 and establish a permanent base on the other side, at Manila.
The lives of the three astronauts of Apollo 11, before and after the first lunar-landing mission, serve as case studies testing this proposition.
All three men left the astronaut corps in a year or two after Apollo 11, going quite separate ways.
He attributed his troubles to his own relentless drive for achievement, the pressures to live up to his father's ambitions for him, possibly a genetic predisposition and certainly the traumatic readjustments to life after the Moon.
ADVANCE FOR SUNDAY, JULY 17 HOUSTON  (BC-APOLLO-MOONROCKS-$ADV17-HNS) A quarter-century after the first moon landing, the lunar dust has yet to settle -- at least here on Earth.
Four months later, the United States matched the feat after overcoming a frustrating string of failures.
On May 25, 1961, just three weeks after Shepard's suborbital trip, Kennedy announced a bold response to the Soviet challenge in a speech to a joint session of Congress.
 (BC-APOLLO-LANDING-$ADV17-2ndTake-HNS) With safety modifications, Apollo 7 and a crew of three lifted off on the first test flight 20 months after the fatal blaze.
The trust developed between them through rehearsal after rehearsal in Houston leapt to the fore as the two astronauts neared their destination.
The astronauts, however, returned to Earth safely on April 17 after a harrowing journey that looped them once around the moon without landing.
Young and Duke landed on the moon on April 20 after a steering system problem caused a near abort.
The first human steps on the moon were a badly needed success, coming a dozen years after the Soviet Union had launched its Sputnik satellite.
We are seeing unacceptable damage at the present level.'' Accordingly, after six years of testing, the Park Service has launched a birth-control program that uses an injection to reduce the Assateague herd to 150 or fewer.
We are seeing unacceptable damage at the present level.'' Accordingly, after six years of testing, the Park Service has launched a birth-control program that uses an injection to reduce the Assateague herd to 150 or fewer.
``For a long time after I got here, I was nervous and scared.
``For a long time after I got here, I was nervous and scared.
``Baby Doc'' took over after his father's death in 1971 and remained in power until his ouster on Feb.
Less than two years after he arrived in France, Giry said, Duvalier lost about half of a $32 million chunk originally deposited in Swiss banks.
Duvalier had not paid taxes on the house from the time he bought it shortly after his arrival in France six years earlier.
He recently announced that on the day after Fidel falls, ``We will turn four million Cubans into landowners.
But they had, and they only withdrew from it after Mas's outburst against those who reported it.
A new controversy came about after Mas was interviewed by the influential Madrid newspaper El Pais.
That's also where he was quoted as saying the United States was not going to take over Cuba after Castro.
 (BC-DOLLAR-FALL-ECONOMIST) The dollar's fall over the past month -- a decline that accelerated after the G7 leaders told the world they wanted the currency to drop no further -- brings old arguments irresistibly to mind.
Moreover, the Marines have been there before, early this century, and after 20 years they left nothing lasting behind them, save mistrust.
FOR CUBA AND THE U.S., A `DELICATE MATTER'  (BC-CUBA-EMBARGO-ECONOMIST) Fidel Castro, back in his military garb after a recent outing abroad in an ordinary guayabera shirt, spoke in a soft voice.
In 1992 it passed the Cuban Democracy Act, popularly known as the ``Torricelli act'' after its sponsor, Robert Torricelli, a congressman from New Jersey.
The worst affront to American policy is Castro himself: still in absolute power after more than three decades of American embargo and despite the collapse of the Soviet Union, which used to subsidize his country by as much as $500,000 an hour.
CBS, one of America's biggest TV networks, abandoned its $7 billion merger with QVC, a home shopping network, after one of QVC's shareholders, Comcast, a telecoms group, launched a rival bid of $2.2 billion for QVC.
CBS, one of America's biggest TV networks, abandoned its $7 billion merger with QVC, a home shopping network, after one of QVC's shareholders, Comcast, a telecoms group, launched a rival bid of $2.2 billion for QVC.
It used to be called the Bond Center -- after Alan Bond, the now bankrupt Australian corporate raider who first bought it.
In the more distant future, perhaps after Germany obtains a permanent seat on the U.N. Security Council, which has the power to wage war, German troops will go on bloodier missions.
President Clinton's recently unveiled plan, for example, requires welfare recipients who can't find jobs on their own after two years to take subsidized minimum-wage jobs, in the hope they will find better-paying jobs down the line.
Still, it's a definite improvement over the rocky road she negotiated after she went off welfare almost four years ago.
``It's very important for them to pull their weight.'' Salazar came to the United States after his brother ``disappeared,'' presumably slain in the bloody civil strife, and other relatives were threatened or killed.
No wonder, then, that as adults they are not prepared for the front line of life; they simply have no mental defenses to confront the reality of the world.'' Woiwode compares TV with the mythical Cyclops, Polyphemus, encountered by Odysseus in his journeys after the Trojan War.
This is particularly distressing for travelers using credit cards because, after the fraud is detected by a bank -- Master-card estimates it takes about two days -- additional charges against the account are blocked.
But after 90 days, the protections lapse, Ms. Susswein of Bankcard Holders points out.
a meteor) to Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle's hit novel ``Lucifer's Hammer'' (California survivalists build a new, rugged society after a comet wipes out the old, laid-back one).
Absent -- with enthusiastic permission -- is actress Shannen Doherty, after far too many run-ins with the cast and crew.
Her fans will get a quick comparison, because NBC is scheduled to air a new ``Saved by the Bell'' movie not long after she assumes the role of Valerie on ``90210.'' ``I think seeing both shows will make kids understand that what I do is just a job and it's just acting, it's not what I am in real life,'' Thiessen said.
Six months after her father commits suicide, she comes west to a room in the Walsh home, where she'll develop a daughter-like role, which real Walsh daughter Brenda filled until now.
But I'm finding it easier and easier as I write the words.'' In Rosin's recollection, Doherty's departure after last season was a mutual flip-off that was probably best all around.
The plan, which was designed to improve security in the one-square-mile area, was introduced after the explosion of car bombs planted by the Irish Republican Army, including an April 1993 explosion at Bishopsgate.
Women sometimes enroll after sexual or other assaults.
Just last week, she said, she spoke to a Seattle woman who had decided not to enroll in college for fear of being out at night, and to a man who was deeply shaken after a nasty traffic confrontation.
``And when you look at homicides from domestic violence, the gap also closes somewhat; the split is not 90 percent female victims, but more like 60 percent female and 40 percent male, although women, after years of abuse, often feel so threatened that they kill men .
The man finally called 911 to report the attack, then left the house with his kids after striking back once at the woman.
And after years shackled to the DOS legacy of baffling ``eight-dot-three'' file names such as WROCKAND.WRI and SPAGHETT.INI, Windows will allow names even longer than the 31 characters available on the Mac.
So why, after all these years, aren't they reported accurately or, better yet, eliminated?
I'm not suggesting a seeing doctor after doctor for a problem that no one can find an answer to, for this just wastes everyone's time.
Adhesions are scars that form inside the abdominal cavity after surgery or infections.
In contrast, the Soviets were forced to rely on big, bulky engines and rockets that were thrown away after each use.
Last year, it hammered out a plan to have the Russians become partners in the space station project, which was mired in design studies after expenditures of more than $10 billion.
The United States would provide the overall carrier vehicle, which would probably orbit the red planet to make remote observations after releasing the descent module.
Actually, there would have been 110 Centervilles, but back in the 1850s or thereabouts my old hometown in northern Illinois changed its name from Centerville to Woodstock, thus guaranteeing that people forever after would mistakenly think we held a big rock concert there in the 1960s.
Even places named after people are pretty much named after the same ones.
Other towns not yet named after people in the news include Free O.J.ville and Kim Il Sung Is Finally Dead Grove.
If you didn't want to take someone's name, I bet you could get big corporate sponsors to pay lots of money to name your town after their brands.
I'm well aware of Winston-Salem and Raleigh, N.C., of course, but evidence suggests cigarettes were named after them, not vice versa.
Since the invasive strep outbreak in England made news worldwide, several cases in this country have been publicized: -- A Michigan man died four days after he was admitted to a hospital for severe invasive strep.
``He would want this out in the open to make people aware of it, to make the medical professionals more conscientious,'' Candace Collins said after reluctantly agreeing to an interview.
These were, after all, just people going about a difficult task.
These were, after all, just people going about a difficult task.
These were, after all, just people going about a difficult task.
Symbolism was the substance Monday, the central point being that the old enemies had begun talking to one another on their own turf after three years of inconclusive meetings in conference rooms in Washington.
His personal physician, Dr. Claude Gubler, said the operation went ``very well.'' 	Mitterrand, who is 77 years old and is due to retire next May after 14 years in office, entered the Cochin Hospital here Sunday night and is expected to be kept under observation until the weekend.
His hospitalization was only announced after the operation was completed around noon Monday.
Cedric was born at Wilford Hall USAF Medical Center in San Antonio on March 1, 1992 -- one year after his father returned from overseas service as a medic.
Bianca Miller described the days after Cedric's birth as an emotional rollercoaster.
His personal physician said the operation went ``very well.'' Mitterrand, 77, who is due to retire in May after 14 years in office, entered the Cochin Hospital here Sunday night and is expected to be kept under observation until the weekend.
His hospitalization was announced only after the operation was completed around noon on Monday.
Nevertheless, Christopher was upbeat in his assessment after meetings with Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and Foreign Minister Shimon Peres.
``Yesterday was a reminder of the dangers,'' Rabin told reporters after his meeting with Christopher.
Progress in the peace process, which began three years ago after the landmark Madrid conference, was also reflected in Cairo.
	``Whoever is the human instrument under God in the conversion of one soul,'' said the message on the needle's base, ``erects a monument to his own memory more lofty and enduing (sic) than this.'' 	Work on the Washington Monument was begun in 1848 but not completed until 1884, after public donations were augmented with money allocated by Congress.
	``Whoever is the human instrument under God in the conversion of one soul,'' said the message on the needle's base, ``erects a monument to his own memory more lofty and enduing (sic) than this.'' 	Work on the Washington Monument was begun in 1848 but not completed until 1884, after public donations were augmented with money allocated by Congress.
A suspect was charged and convicted after authorities genetically screened about 5,000 men.
7, at the height of violence after the Jan.
The three who witnesses say were taken away in the ambulance -- bleeding after an interrogation -- never returned.
10, about five weeks after the three men disappeared.
The problem, at least until shortly after this taping: No inmates.
Be all of that as it may, Burton pulls few punches in recounting Bernstein's philandering, which finally, after 25 years, pushed the marriage to the brink of divorce in 1976, less than two years before Montealegre's death.
Such loaded material is hard to assimilate so soon after the fact, and analysis is not what Burton is chiefly about in this report from the front.
Magana, 22, also was charged with burglary of a home and remained jailed after failing to post bond.
Investigators were called to the house, where they spoke to a teen who told police he'd taken the items because ``he was hungry and thirsty.'' Kelley was arrested and charged with burglary, but the charges were dropped after restitution was made to the homeowner, Dewey said.
Trevino claimed that the oil-and-gas exploration company wrongfully fired him in 1986 after he was injured on the job.
Concessions kiosks and the screen are rolled onto a lot at dusk, then rolled off after the last movie.
The aqueduct project has rekindled the hopes of the local population that this dam, after it is raised another 50 feet to create a mighty new reservoir to feed a northbound aqueduct, will finally fulfill the expectations of the ill-fated Great Leap.
The Three Gorges project, a 20-year, $10-billion undertaking, was approved after four years of contentious debate within the Communist Party leadership.
Symbolism was the substance on Monday, the central point being that the old enemies had begun talking to each other on their own turf after three years of inconclusive meetings in conference rooms in Washington.
The perennial big question is whether he will be so bold as to make Jordan the second Arab country, after Egypt, to sign a peace treaty with Israel, or wait until Syria, Lebanon, and the Palestinians are also ready.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Against a backdrop of jagged mountains, Ein Avrona is a nature preserve on the Israeli side of the cease-fire line established after a war that followed Israel's founding in 1948.
MANY DOUBT CURRENT SOCCER FEVER WILL HAVE AN IMPACT ON UPCOMING POLITICS RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil  (BC-WORLD-CUP-IMPACT-NYT) A day after their national team's cliffhanger World Cup victory, Brazilians began turning on Monday from giddy celebration to the more daunting question of whether they can use the world soccer championship to bootstrap the country's battered sense of optimism.
``There is now a relaxed feeling that things aren't so bad after all, and that is important for the established power,'' said Marcio Moreira Alves, a political columnist, referring to Fernando Henrique Cardoso, the centrist candidate backed by Franco.
``The next `tetra' will be the four years of my mandate,'' Cardoso predicted confidently after Sunday night's soccer game.
``If you have Romario endorsing one candidate and Dunga endorsing another, they cancel each other out,'' Alexandre Barros, a political risk analyst, said on Monday, referring to the team captain, who scored Sunday's winning goal on a penalty kick after time had expired.
It was after 11 o'clock at night, and the people on the par-3 course in front of the Turnberry Hotel were laughing, joking and having a ball.
They had come out after dinner for a little mixed team match, alternate shot, best ball.
Here was Watson, hours after what might have been his bitterest moment on a golf course, and he had exchanged it for one of his sweetest.
Since Watson last won a major championship, the 1983 British Open at Royal Birkdale, he has been a factor of some kind -- meaning he was within three strokes of the lead after two rounds -- in 22 of the 45 majors.
``I have never seen him hit it better,'' said his caddie, Bruce Edwards, who was with Watson for 16 years and now is back after a two-year separation.
These were, after all, just people going about a difficult task.
These were, after all, just people going about a difficult task.
``Penalty kicks are like a lottery,'' said Franco Baresi, the captain of Italy who made a heroic return after arthroscopic surgery on his knee.
 (BC-HMO-MARKETPLACE-500&ADD-NYT) Most health maintenance organization stocks headed south in the last few weeks, after news that three large health-care purchasers in California had negotiated decreases in the premiums they will pay to health maintenance organizations next year.
Astronomers must be content with observing the impact sites after Jupiter's rotation swings them into view.
De Pater, a Dutch astronomer on the faculty of the University of California at Berkeley, said the spot appearing after the impact had rapidly brightened to ``truly remarkable levels.'' Its brightness exceeded the capability of the camera used to record it, overexposing the image of the fireball.
Worse yet was a woman who reportedly stabbed her husband after she suggested that they make love and he replied that he'd rather see how the game came out.
Its chief tactic, he says, is to field ``stealth'' candidates who say one thing while running and reveal a different agenda after victory.
He is the one who found a spot on the Bronco that caused them to decide there might be some emergency inside (five or six hours after the the killings at Nicole's house).
Interest in reparations grew among African-Americans after 1988, when the U.S. government began making payments of more than $1 billion to 60,000 Japanese-Americans interned in camps during World War II, said Johnita Scott Obadele, co-chairwoman of the National Coalition of Blacks for Reparations in America.
``We just want the United States to come to the point that it should try to settle with its black people.'' Federal legislation promised 40-acre parcels and mules to slaves freed after the Emancipation Proclamation was signed in 1863.
The cease-fire came only after the front's military operations had forced more than a million Rwandans to flee into Zaire, and relief agencies are exhausted in trying to cope.
He also played on three Texans/Chiefs AFL Championship teams and in two Super Bowls, including the Chiefs' victory over Minnesota in Super Bowl IV after the 1969 season.
Pratt seemed shaken when he learned the news after a team practice Monday morning.
A former All-America at Southern Methodist, he played defensive tackle until switching to end in 1964, the year after the team moved to Kansas City.
He fought it and fought it and fought it until there was nothing more that he could do.'' Mays retired at age 30 after the 1970 season to join his father in the family construction business in Dallas.
The maker of Sucrets will announce on Tuesday that after 62 years, the throat lozenges will no longer come in their traditional metal jacket.
And on Monday, after 115 years, Listerine Antiseptic announced a change from glass to plastic in its most popular bottle sizes, as well as a redesign of the classic barbell-shaped container that has signified amber mouthwash -- and ``medicine-y'' taste -- to generations of consumers.
The lozenges will now have a longer shelf-life, he said, after being blister-packed and hermetically sealed in a plastic case, which will be about ]-inch deeper than the tin.
Directly addressing ``the American people,'' he said they had ``the right to ask where the CIA is going after the Cold War and after, for that matter, Aldrich Ames.'' ``For us to assume your continued support or your willingness to give us the benefit of the doubt will not do,'' he said.
SYNERGEN HALTING HUMAN TRIALS OF ANTRIL  (BC-SYNERGEN-DRUG-NYT) Synergen's stock price plunged nearly 50 percent Monday, and the future of the once high-flying biotechnology company fell into doubt, after the company said it was halting human trials of its flagship drug, Antril, for the treatment of sepsis, an often-fatal kind of bacterial infection.
``Unlike Centocor and Xoma, which have continued after their debacles, Synergen as we know it will not exist a year from now,'' said Edmund Debler of Mehta & Isaly.
He will be in Boston on Tuesday to address the National Governors' Association after one of his major antagonists on health care, Bob Dole, the Senate minority leader, talks to the group.
What has emerged as its most unexpected test has been the showdown with Haiti, which after an on-again, off-again unfolding appears to be approaching its most dangerous phase just when the White House would have preferred not to be distracted.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Perhaps, but a day after the World Cup final, organizers were basking in a statistical glow over the accomplishments of the past month.
So for anybody to make any statements that they know ahead of time whether this case is or is not a death penalty case is precipitous and presumptuous, with all due respect to my former boss.'' Sunstedt said a decision would not be made until several weeks after Simpson's arraignment in Superior Court, which is set for Friday.
If a jury finds Simpson guilty of first-degree murder and agrees that the killings involved special circumstances, it will then hear arguments in a penalty phase; after that, it will recommend whether the judge should impose the death penalty or life in prison without parole.
ELDERLY FIND HARDSHIP IN HAVEN FOR YOUNG  (BC-SUBURBAN-ELDERLY-500(3TAKES)-NYT) They moved out to the suburbs in the decades after World War II in record numbers with all the promise and trappings of youth, with bicycles and station wagons, baby strollers and basketball hoops.
In Glen Rock, N.J., a woman started a car service to shuttle older people on errands after she noticed the trouble they had getting around when they could no longer drive.
``I can't drive anymore and I can't walk far, so I can't get anywhere on my own,'' said Cornelia McDonald, a 77-year-old widow who has lived for 36 years in Fairlawn, N.J., raising four children in a 10-room house that she reluctantly gave up for a three-room apartment after her husband died two years ago.
And then there is the problem of older people hanging on to cars long after they should give them up.
It reported a profit after taxes of $56 million in the 12 months ended March 31, against $36 million for Burns.
At IBM and some other companies, computers are shipped with modem software that lets the experts, after a few keystrokes by the owner, take control of the computer over a telephone line and, as the owner watches, rewrite the files.
On Monday night, Berlusconi, seeming more harried and defensive than he has in months, said the government ``does not want to be intransigent about the text of the decree it has presented.'' While he defended the decree, saying it insured that corruption suspects could still be placed under house arrest, he declared: ``No one has said that the text proposed by the government cannot be amended.'' The comments seemed the first retreat for a prime minister who, after winning the March elections, seemed only to go from strength to strength until the decree last week.
The decree is due for review on Tuesday by a parliamentary committee, and the timing of Berlusconi's television interviews on Monday night suggested that he was seeking a compromise after earlier hanging tough against what seemed an overwhelming public outcry.
While it is delaying payments to the free lancers, Buzz said the Times recently had to yank a press run -- at a cost of $250,000 -- of its food section after stores threatened to pull their advertising if a story headlined ``Unsafe At Any Meal'' was allowed to run.
She had served at St. George's for the last four years, after assignments at the Church of the Heavenly Rest and St. Mark's Church-in-the-Bowery.
But US West and AT&T declined after US West agreed to buy cable-television properties and the Justice Department cleared AT&T's merger with McCaw Cellular.
But the parliaments of the Bosnian Republic and the Muslim-Croat Federation in Bosnia approved the plan after a brief debate.
	Synergen's stock price plunged nearly 50 percent, and the future of the biotechnology company fell into doubt, after it said it was halting human trials of its flagship drug, Antril.
The results, which were in line with analysts' expectations, were released after the stock market closed.
Intel's largely optimistic report came after shares of chip makers slid on Friday.
Prices will range from $964 for a 100-megahertz chip to $418 for a 60-megahertz version, after a price reduction that takes effect on Aug.
Last Friday, a day after the money was due, Keenan declared that he had ``accepted the breach'' of the contract and said he was free to sign with any other team.
The cause of death was complications after a series of strokes, his daughter Paula said.
The two sides had been involved in an arms race since 1990 after the rebels' unsuccessful invasion of Rwanda from bases in Uganda.
He was getting ready to fly the fourth flight, after (John) Glenn, but he was grounded.
A sense of history Shepard himself was back in space after ear surgery, and commanded the Apollo 14 moon flight.
``No, I really didn't -- and I think that that never really struck us until after we started making flights and seeing the public's response.
I think after it and the movie came out, we were pleased that, as a recruiter for astronauts of the future, it was successful.
The movie treated her so badly; the movie made it look like she couldn't even communicate at all, which was totally unfair.'' Shepard said the film was even less fair to Gus Grissom, whose capsule sank before it could be recovered after his first flight.
``Just a couple of weeks of testing showed that when the safety pin was pulled out after you've landed -- which is what you're supposed to do -- the rocking action of the waves just blew off the (hatch) mechanism.
BELLE SUSPENDED FOR 10 DAYS FOR CORKED BAT, APPEALS SENTENCE CLEVELAND  (BC-BBA-BELLE-TEX) Cleveland Indians outfielder Albert Belle was suspended for 10 days after cork was found in his confiscated bat yesterday.
``But this club has been through tougher situations and came out all right, and we'll be all right after this.'' The suspension was the latest development in a bizarre episode that took place during the Indians' four-game series with the White Sox last weekend.
Giuliani, who has said he prefers approaches like reviving the Office of Special State Prosecutor, which was formed after the corruption scandals of the early 1970s, or letting the city's Department of Investigations, whose commissioner he appoints, add the Police Department to its jurisdiction.
Congress will take a recess in three weeks, and it will have only about three more weeks of work when it returns after Labor Day.
It was not clear how long Belle may have been using the bat, or whether in a season dominated by surprising power statistics the discovery of one corked bat might lead to a corked-bat war similar to one that broke out among major league managers in 1987, the year Billy Hatcher of the Reds was suspended for 10 days after his bat splintered, leaving corked evidence of his transgression exposed.
In the past, his infractions have been all-too obvious, generally involving outbursts of temper accompanied by hurled objects, most notoriously in 1991 when he was suspended for seven days after he threw a baseball at an abusive fan.
That bat was confiscated after the Chicago manager, Gene Lamont, using his perogative to challenge one rival bat per game, voiced suspicions about Belle's bat and demanded that it be tested.
When he returned after the game, Phillips said, the bat was gone and in its place was another bat, not quite as shiny as Belle's confiscated model, and presumably, not quite as corked.
Knight, the executive secretary of the Treasury Department, after a federal grand jury had subpoenaed all records of White House contacts with the department.
Klein, had with the president a few hours after Ludwig spoke to Clinton.
``Beyond asking this question, the only information I recollect that he imparted to me was that he had done nothing wrong and, moreover, had lost money in the transaction.'' But after consulting with Ms. Hanson and two White House lawyers, Bill Kennedy and Klein, Ludwig decided, according to his memo, that ``it would be impermissible for me to discuss the matter with the president or the first lady.
MAGNAVOX ACCOUNT IS ABRUPTLY SHIFTED  (BC-BRIEFS-ADS-MEDIA-NYT) The Philips Consumer Electronics Co. said Monday that it had withdrawn the creative portion of its Magnavox brand advertising account from D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles of New York only four months after awarding it the assignment.
	Fallon was among the four finalists in a four-month review for the account that began when Philips and Bates Worldwide of New York mutually decided to part ways after seven years.
	Days after Anspach Grossman Portugal, the corporate identity and consulting company in New York, said it would bring in a new top executive, three partners said they would leave for a rival, Lippincott & Margulies.
SPACE STATION: THE NEXT FRONTIER  (BC-SPACE-SPI) Twenty-five years after Apollo 11 landed on the moon, the United States is still trying to find its footing in space.
Legionnaires' disease was first identified and named when 221 people fell ill and 34 later died after an American Legion convention in 1976.
Interpublic signed an agreement to acquire Ammirati after months of on-again, off-again negotiations.
As valuable as that stock, if not more so, will be the chance for Ammirati's top managers to demonstrate they can make lightning strike twice after turning their agency into one of America's hottest mid-size shops by landing important accounts like Burger King and Compaq Computer.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Only after the merged agency is dancing like Astaire and Rogers will Puris turn to the opportunities made available by gaining access to the Lintas network, which has 163 offices in 57 countries and total billings last year of $5.2 billion.
Moore says the film, due out later this year, takes place a few years after the Cold War, when there are no enemies and ``no butt left to kick.'' Because America needs an enemy, a propaganda campaign begins to make Canada the new evil empire.
Within a year of the parking scandal, her took the case of Karen Straw, a battered Queens woman who stabbed her husband to death after he raped her at knife point.
``And after I paid him, he still made me pick up the tab.'' By the end of 1984, Dowd refused to make more payments.
Next month he will teach prosecutors how to go after abusers.
A Justice Department spokesman, Myron Marlin, said that his agency began looking last year into court-related changes affecting voters that New York state had made over the years without receiving clearance after several sources told him about the situation.
Not long after it began to rise above the treetops, they started a campaign against the project, charging that such a tall structure on the skyline amounted to an aesthetic and environmental intrusion.
In drafting their bill only a few days after the Supreme Court ruled, lawmakers and Cuomo seized on an opening they believed was offered by Justice Sandra Day O'Connor.
Arthur Romaine of the Town of Mount Pleasant police said the boy, Brian Edwards, told him during an early morning interview last Tuesday, the day after the killing.
The detectives said that Edwards changed his story several times before admitting in an interview seven hours after the body was found that he and Ippoliti had had a sexual encounter, Romaine said.
With Lieutenant Bryant's family members looking on from one side of a small, wood-paneled court room and Graves's relatives on the other, the trial opened with a prosecutor describing to a panel of 12 that serves as a jury, how Graves ``brutally shot to death'' Lieutenant Bryant after she had ``thwarted his attempts to rape her.'' By midafternoon, Col.
Brownback III, the military judge, adjourned the first day's proceedings after 12 prosecution witnesses had testified.
``He kept wanting to get back in his room; he asked about it three times.'' Sergeant Goolsby went on to say that Graves had sat on the edge of her roommate's bed, lit a cigarette and, still fidgety, told the women that he had looked through the peephole of his door and had seen ``a black man and a woman kissing.'' ``He said he didn't know them, but when he heard the noise he said he had to get out.'' Graves left the barracks after talking to Sergeant Goolsby but was apprehended when he returned to the building, telling military police: ``I know her.
COWBOY'S SMITH FINDS BUMPS IN LIFE'S FAST LANE AUSTIN, Texas  (BC-COWBOYS-HNS) Emmitt Smith needed a breather after his first day of Cowboys camp so he decided to go for a short drive around Austin, Texas.
It was Allen's first mass interview since all those interviews on the courthouse steps during his legal battles with Farrow, after he was linked romantically with her adopted daughter, Soon-Yi Previn, and Farrow alleged he molested his adopted daughter, Eliza.
 (BC-SOC-WORLDCUP-FOLO-LADN) Sepp Blatter, general secretary of FIFA, which runs the World Cup, was no happier than most fans to see Sunday's final come down to a penalty-kicks shootout after Brazil and Italy played 120 goalless minutes.
Romario was awarded the Golden Ball, the World Cup's most-valuable player trophy, after leading Brazil with five goals.
 (BC-APOLLO-GOODS-TEX YOU DON'T NEED TO LOOK TO THE MOON TO REAP) Twenty-five years after humans first walked on the moon, the moon may seem as far away as ever.
The scientist knew the astronauts had no tools, but after learning that they had their space pens, he came up with a solution.
-- If you were around when Armstrong walked on the moon, you probably remember this, but for those who came later: A few days after his return from space, Armstrong told a space agency spokesman that his first words on the moon were misquoted.
Many analysts said the settlement, which came after a four-year federal antitrust investigation, would have only minimal impact on Microsoft's dominance of the software industry.
YOU DON'T NEED TO LOOK TO THE MOON TO REAP APOLLO BENEFITS  (BC-APOLLO-GOODS-TEX) Twenty-five years after humans first walked on the moon, the moon may seem as far away as ever.
The scientist knew the astronauts had no tools, but after learning that they had their space pens, he came up with a solution.
In June of 1984, an 18-year-old African-American man accused Fuhrman of excessive force and discourtesy after he and two other people were cited for ``pedestrian violations'' by Fuhrman and his partner.
The plaques, called the `Parker Citation' after former Police Chief William Parker, sometimes also include other mementos of the officer, including their service gun, which is plugged and rendered inoperable.
But at a meeting here in the Bosnian capital, the Parliament of the Muslim-dominated Bosnian government, in federation with the Bosnian Croats, approved the plan after a brief debate.
Shortly after 10 a.m., mournful music was heard on Pyongyang radio, monitored here by short-wave radio.
In such cases, players can void the agreement after a year and then re-sign as an unrestricted free agent for any amount.
MISSING GIRL FOUND WITH HELP OF BEVERLY HILLS 90210 LOS ANGELES  (BC-MISSING-GIRL-LADN) A missing 15-year-old suburban Woodland Hills girl with Down's syndrome -- the subject of a 24-hour search after she disappeared from her home -- was spotted Monday when a man with her asked directions outside the set of Beverly Hills 90210 in the Los Angeles area of Van Nuys.
One of the actresses on the set, Tori Spelling, later spent an hour with the girl after the guard brought her onto the lot.
The girl was found 24 hours after she left her Queen Victoria Road home without her parent's permission at 4:45 p.m. Sunday, said Los Angeles Police Detective Bud Mehringer of the West Valley Division.
SMITH SAYS HE'S FINE AFTER MISHAP AUSTIN, Texas  (BC-FBN-COWBOYS-NOTES-TEX) One day after he was injured when he was thrown from a mini all-terrain vehicle driven by teammate Tommie Agee, Cowboys running back Emmitt Smith was on the golf course and said he was feeling fine.
Smith was a passenger when Agee slammed on his breaks after his ``Gator'' vehicle collided with ``Crazy Ray'' Jones, the unofficial Cowboys mascot who was walking on the St. Edward's University campus Sunday morning.
``I've become acquainted with Jerry Jones and the players, and I have season tickets.'' The Cowboys return to their two-a-day practice format today at St. Edward's after being given yesterday off.
The fifth-round pick jumped to Buffalo as a Plan B free agent after his rookie year and has bounced around the league since, with stints with the Buccaneers and Raiders.
After making a mockery of Worrell in the bottom of the ninth -- after putting together a remarkable five-hit, three-run comeback against the Los Angeles right-hander -- the Mets produced their own collapse in the top of the 10th to lose to the Dodgers, 7-6.
And the bloop came off the bat of Eric Karros, who singled to left after Gozzo walked Tim Wallach intentionally.
``We tied the score up, they just squeaked out a run.'' Segui was one of five Mets to single in the bottom of the ninth inning, when Worrell faced batter after batter in frustration, repeatedly wiping the sweat from his brow.
For one thing, he figured the Dodgers had this game taken care of after Tim Wallach drove in six runs single-handedly.
Wallach crushed a three-run homer 430 feet deep to center off starter Mike Remlinger in the first inning; then after Remlinger loaded the bases in the seventh, Wallach cleared them with a double off reliever Josias Manzanillo.
Valdes, at 20 the youngest player in the National League, had been moved from the bullpen to the rotation as an emergency replacement for Orel Hershiser, who has a muscle strain in his left side but found himself looking at a huge ugly blister on his right middle finger after facing seven batters.
``You know how much we pay that guy?'' Lasorda said of Worrell, after it was over.
MISSING GIRL FOUND WITH HELP OF BEVERLY HILLS 90210 LOS ANGELES  (BC-MISSING-GIRL-1stLd-Writethru-LADN) A missing 15-year-old suburban Woodland Hills girl with Down syndrome -- the subject of a 24-hour search after she disappeared from her home -- was found Monday when a man with her asked directions outside the set of ``Beverly Hills, 90210'' in Van Nuys.
One of the actresses on the set, Tori Spelling, later spent an hour with the girl after the guard brought her onto the lot.
The girl was found 24 hours after she left her Woodland Hills home without her parents' permission at 4:30 p.m. Sunday, said Detective Bud Mehringer of the Los Angeles Police Department's West Valley Division.
MISSING GIRL FOUND WITH HELP OF BEVERLY HILLS 90210 LOS ANGELES  (BC-MISSING-GIRL-2ndLd-Writethru-LADN) A missing 15-year-old suburban Woodland Hills girl with Down syndrome -- the subject of a 24-hour search after she disappeared from her home -- was found Monday when a man with her asked directions outside the set of ``Beverly Hills, 90210'' in Van Nuys.
One of the actresses on the set, Tori Spelling, later spent an hour with the girl after the guard brought her onto the lot.
The girl was found 24 hours after she left her Woodland Hills home without her parents' permission at 4:30 p.m. Sunday, said Detective Bud Mehringer of the Los Angeles Police Department's West Valley Division.
He kept the Boston bats relatively quiet after the first inning and relied on that generous cushion to break a streak of four starts in which he'd failed to get a win.
Most acknowledge that Clinton has made huge advances after a decade of inaction and even hostility under Presidents George Bush and Ronald Reagan.
Eighteen months after Clinton took office, the nation seems no closer to a cure for AIDS or a vaccine to prevent its spread, although drug treatments have increased AIDS patients' chances of survival.
Silver, a former member of the National Commission on AIDS, says that 10 years after AIDS came to public consciousness, the nation still lacks a clear blueprint for dealing with the disease.
The pace picked up after the fourth inning as both bullpens got into gear.
In a nice touch, Clayton singled home the seventh-inning run that showed there could be life after Darryl.
He also says in his liner notes to the Argo disc that the piece as a whole is modeled after Schumann's Carnaval.
Florida, after all, managed to collect only 17.5 percent of its child-support obligations ($347 million out of $1.9 billion-plus) in fiscal year 1992-1993.
Susan Roberts and her ex-husband both left West Palm Beach after their 1980 divorce.
In a recent statistic-laden ``white paper'' aimed at policymakers, child advocates and the media, CSE's Hoffman compares the lumbering system to a Volkswagen burdened by the addition of ``layer after layer of heavy metal body parts from Cadillacs.'' The 19-page report calls the program ``quite simply, outmoded.'' Hoffman -- who once practiced family law in Massachusetts and later headed Texas' child-support enforcement program -- summed it up this way: ``In spite of a current expenditure of over $2 billion per year on administrative costs, and the dedicated efforts of over 40,000 workers, this state and federal partnership is failing millions of families dependent upon it for the delivery of urgently needed services.'' Changes in society go a long way toward explaining how the system became so overburdened.
That brown-eared, big-mouthed, curtain-climbing, lamp-shade-hanging Siamese who rests only after she's sure that she has single-handedly qualified our humble cottage for a federal ``fix-`er-up'' type grant?
The day of the launch, they awoke shortly after 4 a.m., ate steak and eggs, put on their bulky white spacesuits and climbed into the Saturn V rocket poised on launch pad 39A.
Three hours after liftoff, Apollo 11 had gone around the world nearly twice, and those who came to the cape to watch the launch were still bumper-to-bumper on the road back to their motels.
Nearly seven hours after the landing, Armstrong began climbing down to the moon surface.
Eight days and three hours after the astronauts shot into space, they splashed back to Earth in the Pacific Ocean.
This is not, after all, the Olympic stadium -- which itself required a nasty battle.
He had another offer for a similar amount of money but, after careful consideration, chose the Simpson story.
He said a final decision would be made after the script is in, and the network has evaluated it.
Shortly after that, his behavior became even more troubling.
Twenty years later they say I'm a prophet.'' A public opinion poll taken soon after the Apollo 11 mission showed 10 to 15 percent of Americans thought it was fake, he remembers.
It went unnoticed until after it had passed.
When Bowser can escape the pool from any point, reduce your involvement by leaving the pool area completely after releasing him into the water.
But the Jets recently signed the most accurate place-kicker in NFL history, Nick Lowery, after a career with the Kansas City Chiefs.
``It has gotten very personal and I don't think the people are well served by it.'' Wilson said he was particularly angry about a ``lurid and ludicrous'' television advertisement airing throughout the state in which Brown accuses him of permitting dangerous criminals to remain free after violating terms of their parole.
But when these tragedies occur after the battles are over, it is sometimes impossible to comprehend.
I probably said it -- I certainly thought it -- many years ago after watching Otto Preminger's film of ``Advise and Consent,'' derived from Allen Drury's 1959 bestseller and Pulitzer winner.
As for ``Advise and Consent,'' the movie was better after all.
It's a fine vote of confidence.'' The committee's approval was never in doubt since senator after senator lavished praise last week on the 55-year-old chief judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit in Boston.
I once had a college roommate who reached absolute zero or absolute something after about 12 beers.
Michael Rodriguez Rubio Jr., 14, and Larry Arevalo, 15, both wiped their eyes after the jury of four women and eight men decided Monday that the pair committed capital murder in a drive-by shooting that killed 4-year-old Raymundo Manuel Diaz on Super Bowl Sunday.
The lawyers argued that someone else -- another gang member perhaps -- in a mysterious dark sports car opened fire on the house sometime after Rubio and Arevalo drove by and was actually the killer.
``Ellen,'' which reaped strong ratings after its midseason premiere, filmed 13 episodes for last season but aired only eight.
It's a fine vote of confidence.'' The committee's approval was never in doubt since senator after senator lavished praise last week on the 55-year-old chief judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit in Boston.
Ironically, Clinton himself provided the best proof of this after the Naples, Italy, summit this month when he went to Bonn and Berlin and made it clear that the United States now regards unified Germany as its chief ally in Europe, a partner in what U.S. officials described as a ``special relationship.'' Chancellor Helmut Kohl beamed over the endorsement.
Ironically, Clinton himself provided the best proof of this after the Naples, Italy, summit this month when he went to Bonn and Berlin and made it clear that the United States now regards unified Germany as its chief ally in Europe, a partner in what U.S. officials described as a ``special relationship.'' Chancellor Helmut Kohl beamed over the endorsement.
The Senators were not the first team of that name to vacate Washington; a predecessor left after the 1960 season to become the Minnesota Twins.
As for the Wrights, they made few public flights after introducing their Flyer in Le Mans, France, and Washington, D.C., in 1908.
The bear is an impeccably trained Kodiak named Bart (the same one that took out after John Candy in ``The Great Outdoors'') and he makes generously with the scares this time out of the cage.
The bear is an impeccably trained Kodiak named Bart (the same one that took out after John Candy in ``The Great Outdoors'') and he makes generously with the scares this time out of the cage.
Record companies make us think that it is they who are putting in all this added reality, piling on digital fact after digital fact.
At age 17, Bobrov already had been wounded while crossing enemy front lines after an intelligence mission.
23, 15 days after the blockade began, and by the time they finished in February the deprivation had taken a ruinous toll on these brave young people.
Bobrov remembers the trip to the cemetery after his mother died of starvation.
As terrorism is provided for under proposed legislation, we could go after cigarette makers accused of pumping up the addictive nicotine content of their product -- of course, only after conviction in a fair trial.
Here it is: An 11-year-old boy sneaks off to smoke a cigarette, then witnesses the suicide of a mob lawyer, right after the lawyer has told him where an important body is buried.
As a printed, onscreen explanation reveals at the film's end, after Diana's death her illness was diagnosed as chronic fatigue and immune dysfunction syndrome.
Charles Darwin is said to have ``discovered'' evolution after insisting that he be let off the Beagle to quell his seasickness.
By the mid-70s, Long and Liem were taking more responsibility for the charity, which expanded to eight group homes -- six in Saigon and two in Danang --before they were phased out and Hughes was told to pick up his exit visa in 1976, three years after the last GIs left Vietnam and more than a year after the Communist victory reunified North and South Vietnam.
 (BC-VIETVET-ACTOR-PROFILE-2NDTAKE-NYT) Morrow was released after three weeks, Hughes said, but the two Vietnamese were more harshly treated, in large part, Hughes is convinced, because of their alliance with him two decades earlier.
The big fish surged away, then dove and bulldogged, and after more than a half hour, buried itself under the boat as if it would take a forklift to hoist it up.
Good news, Part III: Remember a few years ago when the coho (silver) salmon nearly went extinct on Lagunitas Creek in Marin County, after once being the finest silver salmon stream in the state?
THE WORLD BANK AT 50: MANY SUCCESSES BUT CHANGE IS UNDER WAY WASHINGTON  (BC-WORLD-BANK-800&add-COX) Fifty years after it was founded to help the global economy rise from the ravages of World War II, the World Bank has helped hundreds of millions of the poorest people on Earth improve their station in life.
Berlin puts it in his new book, ``King of Ragtime: Scott Joplin and His Era,'' ``beginning with his first ragtime publications in 1899, he composed music unlike any ever before written.'' Joplin belongs to the generation of artists born just after the Civil War, who were both Victorian and modern, conventional and radical.
He published his ``Maple Leaf Rag'' in 1899 (it was named after a Sedalia social club ``composed of the best and brightest young colored people of the city''), and it made him famous.
Already, however, there are clear signs that the United States is preparing to send soldiers to Bosnia shortly after any settlement is reached.
Talks between the United States and North Korea in Geneva earlier this month were suspended after one day because of Kim's death.
But both nations have expressed the desire to restart the talks soon after Kim's funeral.
Only after the formal funeral was over did the official government press agency announce that a ``solemn ceremony'' had been held in the presidential palace, attended by Kim Jong Il and other officials.
The verbal warfare between the two nations, held in abeyance after Kim's death, seems to be increasing again.
Tuesday morning before dawn police raided Hanyang University in Seoul after hearing that students were planning to put up mourning placards.
Though the Korean locale has been changed to the gulf, the original Condon title is justified, if lamely, by the fact that after their capture by Shiite guerrillas, Raymond, Ben and their comrades are shipped off for brainwashing to the Manchurian Institute for Behavioral Science.
It was so named, says one of its doctors, ``in the 1950s for the revolutionary work by our colleagues during the North Korean War of Independence.'' It's not easy updating a novel as closely integrated with a particular time and place as ``The Manchurian Candidate.'' Lahr's adaptation was first done in England in 1991, not long after the end of the hostilities in the gulf, and more recently in Los Angeles.
It's pitiful, really, these stories of the first family grubbing around at the last minute to find a pricey but available house on Martha's Vineyard for an August respite after Congress recesses.
-- Chefs are always looking for new tastes, and after mining France, Italy and Greece, they are moving down the coast of the Mediterranean.
(Most cabins, thankfully, had no locks.) Departure was by water taxi early Saturday after a 6 a.m. wake-up.
So I've been very pleasantly surprised by the things that have happened in my career.'' He made one move after another, he pointed out, with no particular plan in mind, seizing opportunities as they arose.
Israel's Health Minister Ephraim Sneh said Monday that ``the trail for this second attack in two years seems to lead to Iran and its allies.'' After kidnapping him in May, Israel has been interrogating Dirani for his role in allegedly having sold Ron Arad, an Israeli air force navigator, to the Hezbollah after he parachuted to safety during the 1982 Israeli invasion of Lebanon.
(Will move in the ``f'' financial news file and in the ``n'' California news file.) WELLS-CEO (Los Angeles) -- Carl Reichardt, chairman and chief executive officer of Wells Fargo and Co., retires two years earlier than expected after leading the bank to an earnings recovery after real estate losses in the recessions.
When the ambulance chaser Mark initially seeks out turns into a dead end, Mark stumbles into the brand new law offices of Reggie Love (Susan Sarandon) and, after some initial qualms about hiring a woman, retains her for the princely sum of $1.
As a young woman, she lost her own kids in a bitter custody dispute and is in the process of rebuilding her life after an equally tough battle with the bottle.
Significantly, the scene is nowhere to be found in Grisham's book, which after setting up the scenario degenerates into a rather flat account of legal maneuvering and a disappointingly abrupt ending.
In Kansas, Joan Finney is stepping down after one term as governor.
Robin Piccone, of course, developed her Neoprene Body Glove swimsuit modeled after the surfer suit in a garage.
``Baby's Day Out'' -- John Hughes wrote this sort of silent comedy about a baby who wanders through Chicago, barely missing one disaster after another.
She's a lawyer who's finally getting her life together after a divorce in which she lost custody of her children and then turned to alcohol.
Moments after ending his talk, Dole told reporters that compromise could occur only if the White House moves closer to his plan.
Humorous television commercials and print advertisements by Leo Burnett U.S.A. promote the notion that the prices of three best-selling Kellogg brands --Frosted Flakes, Raisin Bran and Rice Krispies -- are ``just part of the value in a Kellogg's breakfast.'' They began appearing in June, five months after a similar campaign for another popular Kellogg cereal, Corn Flakes, which asserted that its average price of less than a quarter a bowl was ``another reason to taste them again for the first time.'' Kellogg's strategy is to pour money -- just how much, the company won't say -- into campaigns aimed at altering shoppers' beliefs that after years of Kellogg's raising prices by an average of 5 to 6 percent annually, private-label and store-brand cereals have become more economical buys.
 (BC-SOLDIER-RATION-HEALTH-2NDTAKE-NYT) Other research suggests that carbohydrate supplements improve fine motor coordination and may help soldiers fire rifles more accurately after an exhausting march.
Ms. Vieira intuits that Ms. Grimshaw, who won early parole in December after eight years in prison, is ``no longer looking for approval, just understanding.'' All the women also seem to have had their self-esteem bolstered.
Unless protracted negotiations derail at the last minute, Snyder, 57, will command the hour beginning at 12:35 a.m. each weeknight on CBS, right after David Letterman's program.
As part of the three-year deal that brought the late-night star to CBS from NBC last year, Letterman's production company, Worldwide Pants, was given the rights to produce a program in the time slot after ``Late Show With David Letterman.'' People close to the deal said CBS would end months of rumors and announce the creation of Snyder's program, as yet unnamed, within several days.
That program ran on NBC after ``The Tonight Show'' from 1973 until January 1982, when Letterman replaced Snyder.
In 1974, a year after it began, ``Tomorrow'' moved to New York and Snyder also became the early-evening news anchor on WNBC.
Lost and Found Louella Dizon, the office manager of the Blue Moon Books publishing house in Manhattan, is happy to report that she has finally got back her shipment of books from Canada, 10 months after they were seized at the border, declared pornographic and sent somewhere where nobody seemed able to find them.
The politicians who have spent long years crawling after Steinbrenner and kissing his shirttails should get off their knees and give him an ultimatum: Either stay in the Bronx and become part of an effort to revitalize the area surrounding Yankee Stadium, or get lost.
``It could be like buying shares of McDonald's in its second or third year.'' Kaplan expects Snapple will earn 80 to 85 cents a share in 1994 and $1.30 a share in 1995, after earning 56 cents a share in 1993.
Armstrong was a director of UAL Corp., which owns United Airlines, until a new board was elected earlier in July after its employees purchased the company.
The former astronaut once said about life after the lunar landing, ``I think it is possible to participate in an undertaking of this kind and still have a private life.'' Julian Scheer, a former spokesman for the space program, said of Armstrong: ``He does not want the celebrity status that everyone thrusts on him.
	Sayiong that ``the interest of justice negates that kind of sentence in this case,'' Judge Lawrence Antolini of Sonoma County Superior Court, on Monday sentenced Jeffrey Dean Missamore to to probation and drug treatment after he was convicted of his second and third felonies.
PRIVATE: JUSTICE FOR NINA  (BC-QUINDLEN-COLUMN-NYT) Herewith a story about two motherless children whose father is accused of having murdered his wife after a marriage fraught with violence.
Two of those patients died of the disease and the rest recovered after treatment with antibiotics.
Dwayne Schintzius added 17 points for New Jersey, which trailed by 94-77 after three quarters.
So, even if it's not a done deal, the idea that Snyder might be headed from cable's CNBC to CBS to take the 12:35 a.m. slot after ``Late Show With David Letterman'' is enough to get you to go back to drinking regular coffee after dinner.
But five years after Solidarity brought down the Communists here, the union is searching for a role.
Dressed in a blue track suit, Lesniak looked gaunt and tired after days without solid food.
Scientists began to catch their breath Tuesday after three days of continuous excitement, during which the face of Jupiter has changed from minute to minute in a planetary show unequaled in recorded history.
If a teacher is 15 or 50 or 300 miles away, a student who needs help after school has a problem.
For the oceanography course, science teachers from the five schools were supposed to meet via the two-way video system regularly after school to coordinate lessons.
The moon program, born of Cold-War desperation, had nowhere to go after its success.
cable empire to purchase QVC for $44 a share after Tisch had agreed to acquire it and fold it into CBS for $32 per share.
In statements sent from Zapatista headquarters in the mountains near the Guatemalan border, the rebels have indicated that they would wait until after the elections to determine their next step, but they have warned that unless the vote is fair, violence could again break out.
Twelve years after he returned from his trip to the moon, his memories and the insights he gained in space inspired him to devote himself full time to art.
``To think that the molecules of my body were manufactured in the same furnace as those stars in those galaxies billions of years ago.'' A year after after his return, he left NASA and later founded the Institute of Noetic Sciences, an organization in Northern California devoted to the study of consciousness, and of how we fit into the universe.
I think a lot of people had to deal with that.'' After being in a variety of businesses after leaving NASA, Duke said he drifted in search of finding something that could match the fulfillment of going to the moon until he rediscovered his faith in God in 1978.
In statements sent from Zapatista headquarters in the mountains near the Guatemalan border, the rebels have indicated that they would wait until after the elections to determine their next step, but they have warned that unless the vote is fair, violence could again break out.
I don't know if I'd say that.'' Certainly not after the past week.
A fax distributed by the club to the news media after a poor attendance showing on July 4 at Yankee Stadium documented some reasons for lack of fan support.
Diller had arrived by private jet from California after a meeting with CBS executives and was on his way to dinner with CBS board members.
Barry, Larry and the others are, after all, heads of public corporations and as such have a fiduciary responsibility to do what's in the best interests of their shareholders.
In the first days after the announcement of the decree, more than 1,100 suspects were released from jail.
The decree, issued less than a week after Berlusconi's younger brother, Paolo, was indicted on corruption charges, provoked a storm of protest.
Cranor III, 47, who resigned after heading KFC for nearly five years.
 (BC-HOG-FARMER-WOES-ART-(2TAKES)-NYT) Ernest Krikava, wearing bib overalls caked with the dust of the Nebraska fields he was struggling to save after 50 years on the farm, would trudge past the hog pens and cringe at the frantic sound of his hungry pigs: a pained, high-pitched wail.
Carol Krikava, who stopped going to the doctor for a respiratory problem after the family's health insurance lapsed, died of that ailment in January.
 (BC-HOG-FARMER-WOES-2NDTAKE-NYT) The family's lawyers say that the Krikavas' financial situation worsened after they obtained their $250,000 loan, for farm operations, in 1990, but that even then the farm's assets outweighed the debt.
He was to become CBS' chief executive and after Tisch retired in a couple of years, the company's chairman.
And now, even after CBS-QVC's sudden death and Tisch's insistence on Tuesday that the network is not for sale, there will be speculation about the next moves.
Cranor III, 47, who resigned after heading KFC for nearly five years.
The threat of a work stoppage has undermined a Japanese tour by a major-league All-Star team after this season and the Mariners' plans to play their opening series next year in Japan.
One day after the National Governors' Association rejected his proposal that employers pay much of the cost of their workers' insurance, Clinton repeated his willingness to consider other ways to pay for coverage.
Clinton spoke after Sen.
``We know we're not going to get right at 100 percent,'' Clinton said in response to a question after his speech, ``but we know that you've got to get somewhere in the ballpark of 95 or upwards so that you stop the cost shifting, and you have some -- and you have economies of scale for all the small businesses that are participating.'' Cost shifting occurs when providers of medical care raise prices for patients with insurance to cover the cost of care for those who do not.
``I am not willing to do something that doesn't work,'' Clinton said after his speech.
Not long after Dole called repeatedly for ``a reality check,'' and advocated tackling health care ``one step at a time,'' Clinton warned that millions of Americans would be betrayed if Congress set its sights too low.
Tisch, the chairman of CBS, said Tuesday that CBS was not for sale, despite the rumors that have raged through the television industry after the demise of its planned merger with the QVC cable channel.
When that deal was announced, Tisch said the time had come, after eight years at CBS, to move on.
Clark, after bemoaning the social needs neglected during the moon mission, added a reminder to everyone: ``But our triumph on the moon need not be an occasion for despair.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
Ecologists had published best sellers predicting catastrophic cancer epidemics, planetwide famines and resource shortages; those doomsday forecasts, along with photographs of Spaceship Earth taken from the moon, helped launch the environmental movement on Earth Day, the spring after Apollo 11.
Bettman is expected to issue a ruling after a hearing next week.
Keenan stunned the Rangers last Friday when he announced that he considered himself a free agent, saying that the team had breached his contract by missing a substantial bonus payment due on Thursday, only 30 days after the Rangers won their first Stanley Cup championship in 54 years.
Ken Munoz, the general counsel of Madison Square Garden, the Rangers' parent company, later explained that the Rangers considered the lawsuit a precaution designed to assure that any suit Keenan might file after Bettman issues his ruling would be routed to the federal court.
``We made a mistake,'' said Smith, who called it ``a human error,'' and a ``clerical error,'' even though, he acknowledged at one point, there had never been a plan to issue the bonus checks, including Keenan's, before Smith's return from vacation on Monday, four days after the contractual deadline.
``There was no dialogue concerning that issue at all.'' He had in fact received phone calls from Campbell in the weeks after the Stanley Cup victory, Gutkowski said, including one seeking to buy tickets to the Barbra Streisand concert at Madison Square Garden, a reqeust, Gutkowski said, he had fulfilled with considerable difficulty.
Bettman is expected to issue a ruling after a hearing next week.
Keenan stunned the Rangers last Friday when he announced that he considered himself a free agent, saying that the team had breached his contract by missing a substantial bonus payment due on Thursday, only 30 days after the Rangers won their first Stanley Cup championship in 54 years.
Ken Munoz, the general counsel of Madison Square Garden, the Rangers' parent company, later explained that the Rangers considered the lawsuit a precaution designed to assure that any suit Keenan might file after Bettman issues his ruling would be routed to the federal court.
``We made a mistake,'' said Smith, who called it ``a human error,'' and a ``clerical error,'' even though, he acknowledged at one point, there had never been a plan to issue the bonus checks, including Keenan's, before Smith's return from vacation on Monday, four days after the contractual deadline.
``There was no dialogue concerning that issue at all.'' He had in fact received phone calls from Campbell in the weeks after the Stanley Cup victory, Gutkowski said, including one seeking to buy tickets to the Barbra Streisand concert at Madison Square Garden, a reqeust, Gutkowski said, he had fulfilled with considerable difficulty.
Diller had arrived by private jet from California after a meeting with CBS executives and was on his way to dinner with CBS board members.
Barry, Larry and the others are, after all, heads of public corporations and as such have a fiduciary responsibility to do what's in the best interests of their shareholders.
He was to become CBS' chief executive and after Tisch retired in a couple of years, the company's chairman.
And now, even after CBS-QVC's sudden death and Tisch's insistence on Tuesday that the network is not for sale, there will be speculation about the next moves.
``You do not need a teacher anymore, only the public,'' Cortot told him after conducting a Paris concert in which Firkusny was the soloist.
Firkusny settled in New York in 1940, after the Nazi occupation of Czechoslovakia.
Reichardt, who graduated from the University of Southern California, joined Wells Fargo in 1970 after working as a top executive at Union Bank for 10 years.
Eileen Gordon of Brooklyn, a passenger on the July 9 trip, said her 70-year-old husband, Harvey, had been hospitalized on July 16, hours after the Horizon returned to New York.
The percentage of Americans who would get left out are those who need it most.'' Miss Lake was one of the respondents who agreed to follow-up interviews after participating in the nationwide telephone poll of 1,339 adults, taken Thursday through Sunday.
Some of the male respondents interviewed after the poll talked about their lingering difficulty in adjusting to a first lady with overt power.
The percentage of Americans who would get left out are those who need it most.'' Miss Lake was one of the respondents who agreed to follow-up interviews after participating in the nationwide telephone poll of 1,339 adults, taken Thursday through Sunday.
Some of the male respondents interviewed after the poll talked about their lingering difficulty in adjusting to a first lady with overt power.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) According to U.N. estimates, 2.1 million Rwandans -- roughly half of them Tutsi and half Hutu -- have sought refuge in Zaire, Burundi, Tanzania or Uganda since the latest surge of bloodletting began after Habyarimana's death.
One senior official said that several ministers and senior officials from the former government had entered the security zone on Monday but, after French forces reported their presence to U.N. authorities, they left and headed into Zaire.
Hundreds more who left the town after the war ended are expected to return, many for the first time, to walk the dusty streets and view the broad, flat vegetable farms that look little changed from the time of their youth.
Yet after Pearl Harbor the nisei, as well as their parents, were treated as aliens, denied constitutional protections and due process.
After the war he earned a master's degree from the Eastman School of Music in Rochester, N.Y., but returned to work his way up the white-collar ladder at Seabrook Farms, leaving only after the Seabrook family sold the company in 1960.
``They're people just playing games,'' Polonia said Monday night, after the Yankees played the Athletics in Oakland, Calif.
Saying that ``the interest of justice negates that kind of sentence in this case,'' Judge Lawrence Antolini of Sonoma County Superior Court, sentenced Jeffrey Dean Missamore on Monday to probation and drug treatment after he was convicted of his second and third felonies.
	The dollar rallied against the Japanese yen after the government reported the trade deficit with Japan narrowed in May.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Dick Steinberg, the Jets' general manager, said Tuesday that the club would even use Meola during exhibition games on field-goal attempts ``to save wear and tear on Nick Lowery,'' the team's 38-year-old kicker, who signed as a free agent after 14 years in Kansas City.
Bahr was doing soccer television commentary, and he and Meola would kick footballs after soccer practice.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Reichardt said he had done what he set out to do: to run a good business and look after shareholders.
New Jersey police mounted a manhunt for Abequa just hours after the body of his Turkish-born wife, Nihal, was found in the bedroom of her two-bedroom apartment in the New Jersey town of Parsippany-Troy Hills on July 6.
For the first half of the year, net earnings slipped 4 percent, to $624 million, or $2.87 a share, from $652 million, or $2.88 a share, after adjustment for an accounting change in the corresponding period of 1993.
The Cuomo campaign began to broadcast the advertisement two weeks after the Legislature left Albany without passing the Governor's proposal to create a sentence of life without parole for some third-time violent felons.
That is, after all, the position he made the team at last year.
``It gets harder ever year,'' said Cain, one of the rare birds who made his pro debut on the Senior Tour after an amateur career that put him in the Texas Golf Hall of Fame.
He's gone from trying to crash the party to selecting his RSVPs. He will play next week in Jericho, N.Y., partly to visit his daughter, and the week after that near Boston, which he and his wife enjoy.
Hamelin went after Tigers reliever Greg Cadaret in the ninth inning of Friday's first game.
Warren Buffet, whose Omaha company, Berkshire Hathaway, owns 12.6 percent of the bank's stock, said in a press release, ``I'm more than comfortable with the new leadership.'' Reichardt and Hazen paid a courtesy call to the celebrated investor a few weeks ago to apprise him of the management plans, which will include Reichardt staying on as director after December 31.
 (BC-HOG-FARMER-WOES-1STLD-ART-(2TAKES)-NYT) Ernest Krikava, wearing bib overalls caked with the dust of the Nebraska fields he was struggling to save after 50 years on the farm, would trudge past the hog pens and cringe at the frantic sound of his hungry pigs: a pained, high-pitched wail.
Carol Krikava, who stopped going to the doctor for a respiratory problem after the family's health insurance lapsed, died of that ailment in January.
 (BC-HOG-FARMER-WOES-2NDTAKE-NYT) The family's lawyers say that the Krikavas' financial situation worsened after they obtained their $250,000 loan, for farm operations, in 1990, but that even then the farm's assets outweighed the debt.
In 1956, he married Matilda Blau, who died after 30 years of marriage.
Three years ago, most outsiders sloughed off the leadership void after the departures of Ronnie Lott and Roger Craig.
The system was not working again until shortly after noon.
Illinois Central said most of Kansas City Southern's 2,700 or so railroad operations employees probably would continue to work in those operations after the merger was completed.
``This is Ford's first, real serious attempt to go after the Accord buyers,'' Cedergren said.
``We don't need anybody reviving or stirring up those old wounds just to win a case,'' said Mack, recalling the city's struggle to pull together after the Los Angeles riots.
The pension fund sold off its stocks in companies doing business in South Africa in 1990 -- the only time it has divested a type of stock -- after a five-year process of review that began under Mayor Edward I.
It lifted the ban last October after that country moved toward democratic elections.
This year it expects to pass $1 billion in sales after posting revenues of $200 million and $600 million in 1992 and 1993, respectively.
The restructuring was engineered by new CompUSA chief executive James Halpin, who was named to the top post after Morton's December departure.
And after the astronauts returned to Earth, baby Neil even received a letter from his famous namesake wishing him a long and happy life.
23, after hospital officials, prompted by his unauthorized disappearance, decided he needed additional treatment and evaluation.
In a brief interview after his appearance in a courtroom used for mental health hearings and before he was pulled away by Mason, Hogue said: ``I've got to stay here until everything's all straightened out.
Hogue has been in and out of state hospitals more than 20 times in as many years, usually reverting to his addiction and to aggressive behavior a few months after being released.
The student, who was not identified, left the school uninjured immediately after the attack.
Three days later, after the girl and her mother filed a complaint against him, Benros was questioned by detectives and placed under arrest.
Weicker Jr. is returning to Washington after his term as governor ends in January to head a new health-services company, an industry member familiar with Weicker's plans said Tuesday.
Black said of Weicker, ``There's almost certainly going to be a national effort to run a presidential candidate in 1996, and he's one of the people who would be a serious contender.'' Weicker is also looking forward to two other duties after he steps down in January.
``We had gotten into debt,'' he said, ``which I am now digging out of, successfully.'' Silverman, who focused on running his Tommy Boy Records after leaving the seminar, said: ``Mark and I never made more than $100,000 in a year, and that only happened one year.
Snow was up in the first inning with two out, immediately after Boston pitcher Tim VanEgmond had walked two straight batters to load the bases, and the count was 2-and-0.
``But it's hard to do that in the outfield when you're going after a ball.'' The DH prospect presents the Angels with a considerable dilemma.
Eileen Gordon of Brooklyn, a passenger on the July 9 trip, said her 70-year-old husband, Harvey, had been hospitalized on July 16, hours after the Horizon returned to New York.
Day after day, Manager Dallas Green goes to his bullpen with trepidation, never certain what kind of performance he will get.
One night after the Mets nearly stole a victory from Los Angeles on a disastrous relief appearance by Todd Worrell, they smacked their way through three eighth-inning relievers, scoring five runs to capture a 7-4 comeback victory over the Dodgers on Tuesday night.
DeShields was back in the Los Angeles lineup after undergoing both X-rays and a magnetic resonance imaging exam on his sore left hip Monday afternoon at the Hospital for Special Surgery in Manhattan.
Tuesday night, DeShields hit the early homer, got on base in his next two at-bats (both walks) and scored to put the Dodgers ahead in the top of the fifth after the Mets had rallied for two runs in their fourth.
He will be a free agent after this season.
Gott gave up three hits to the four batters he faced and was pulled after Kevin McReynolds' game-tying, two-run single.
``Plus,'' Lamont shrugged, ``we heard some things.'' These were the same conspiratorial whispers surrounding Graig Nettles in 1974 after he belted a record 11 home runs in a month.
The year after that he led the league with 32 home runs.
The team freed up money by cutting Townsend and his $1.5-million salary after attempts to trade him failed.
``It's a big difference,'' Fredrickson said after his first workout was completed.
The two-year gap after Lauren's first surgery was mandated by a wait to see if her pulmonary blood pressure would increase enough for her to undergo the second operation.
``But after you do it a couple of times, it becomes fun.
It caused the dome to be closed to fans, and shortly after 6 p.m. the game was postponed.
After the first tile fell, two more dropped to the empty seats at 6:20 p.m. Gerry Lytle, project superintendent for Pacific Components -- the firm doing the roof renovation for King County -- said the pieces were pushed out by his crew after they were left hanging by the fall of the first tile.
Ben Woo, facilities manager for the county, said that two or three months ago, work crews repaired 12 ceiling panels after they were found to be sagging, apparently after getting wet from rain seeping through the Kingdome roof.
No game can start after 5 p.m. if a team has a day game more than 90 minutes away the following day.
The Mariners, whose lease with the Kingdome expires after the 1996 season, already have stated publicly that they need a new stadium by then.
There were costly throws by third baseman Matt Williams (leading to a fifth-inning run) and reliever Pat Gomez, and seven innings of silence against All-Star Danny Jackson (12-4) after San Francisco struck quickly for two first-inning runs.
So angry was the Dodgers' manager after three relief pitchers gave up five eighth-inning runs, turning a 4-2 lead into a 7-4 loss to the New York Mets at Shea Stadium, he dressed and made his fastest postgame exit in memory.
On this night, it was Gott replacing Todd Worrell as the go-to guy after the Dodgers hit for starting pitcher Kevin Gross.
Gott had earned his second save of the year Monday night, after Worrell blew a three-run lead in the bottom of the ninth.
``I wish I could wait until then,'' said Williams, who was hauled off the St. Edward's University field yesterday morning after collapsing during a middle drill.
When the Yankees finally endured the lapse, they really struggled as Abbott allowed six runs after there were two outs, while his teammates were guilty of shoddy fielding, shoddy base running and shoddy hitting with runners on base.
Witt threw 109 pitches, allowed at least 1 Yankee to reach base in every inning, but he prevented them from scoring and departed after 5.
Seconds after Connors returned to the dugout, McGwire rocketed Abbott's first pitch into the left-field seats for his fifth career homer off the left-hander.
It caused the dome to be closed to fans, and shortly after 6 p.m. the game was postponed.
After the first tile fell, two more dropped to the empty seats at 6:20 p.m. Gerry Lytle, project superintendent for Pacific Components -- the firm doing the roof renovation for King County -- said the pieces were pushed out by his crew after they were left hanging by the fall of the first tile.
Ben Woo, facilities manager for the county, said that two or three months ago, work crews repaired 12 ceiling panels after they were found to be sagging, apparently after getting wet from rain seeping through the Kingdome roof.
No game can start after 5 p.m. if a team has a day game more than 90 minutes away the following day.
The Mariners, whose lease with the Kingdome expires after the 1996 season, already have stated publicly that they need a new stadium by then.
DODGERS' MONDESI STRAINS HIS RIGHT KNEE IN LOSS TO METS NEW YORK  (BC-BBN-DODGERS NOTES-LADN) Rookie of the Year candidate Raul Mondesi is expected to be sidelined at least two games after suffering a strained right knee in Tuesday's 7-4 loss to the New York Mets.
But the Angels, after a slow start (they were held hitless through three innings) began to hack away as if they were still facing Jose Melendez or Tim VanEgmond.
The first signs of trouble came in 1991 when stock prices slid after two key executives left.
Allen issued a letter to employees Tuesday calling the beleaguered airline's sponsorship of the 1996 Olympics ``the most important marketing opportunity of the decade.'' In a clear attempt to allay fears a week after announcing plans to eliminate 4,500 jobs, Allen suggested the investment of nearly $30 million will boost Delta's worldwide reputation and increase revenue.
The mission is Galileo, after the Renaissance Italian scientist who found the four largest of Jupiter's 16 moons in 1610.
PRIVATE: JUSTICE FOR NINA  (BC-QUINDLEN-COLUMN-NYT) Herewith a story about two motherless children whose father is accused of having murdered his wife after a marriage fraught with violence.
For a king this may be a small thing, but life, after all, is made of small things and this one claims his attention.
Regent Ward Connerly said he would oppose the arrangement with Rhody -- which doesn't need the regents' approval -- ``if I thought we were hiring an image consultant to put the right spin on bad news.'' Rhody's role will be to ``develop some ideas as to how we can be more effective in communicating to the public.'' Regent David Flinn said that after regents granted raises averaging $10,000 to four top UC executives in January, he felt ``we needed some help in how we told the public ...
He left in 1993 -- a few months after being named an executive vice president and in the wake of a furor over the reduction of tellers to part-time status -- but said he was not leaving under pressure.
It makes you wonder where we all came from.'' Not many knew the exact day of the anniversary -- after all, their parents were roughly their age at time of the Apollo 11 mission.
In recent years, the Fire Department has been torn by racial and gender tension -- particularly after a 1988 federally mandated ``consent decree'' that ordered it to hire and promote more minorities and women.
Approximately 48 hours after Kennedy's car landed in the water, Neil Armstrong's feet landed on the surface of the moon.
Come to think of it, maybe Chappaquiddick wasn't just a blip on the screen after all.
But vinyl lovers claim that analog sound is warmer, more ``musical.'' The perfection of digital, they say, is sterile and ``fatiguing'' after repeated listening.
Then, after K.
They are students in Miss Gwyn Baker's Finishing Touches class, where after 12 sessions they will have learned personal hygiene, how to have proper tea, the art of conversation and even polite, classy retorts for rude people.
They'd need to convince me after the moon walk boondoggle that it's not just another macho junket.'' To Rick Parfitt, 41, a speech researcher from San Francisco, the moon mission produced ``great things like the hand-held calculator and the integrated circuit.'' But he, too, views the mission as a costly product of a Cold War mentality -- and also as a bit of colonial imperialism by the United States.
The Apollo days were the headiest of his life, he said, month after month of 100-hour weeks, seeing the capsule take form right before his eyes, even under the guidance of his own hands.
In 1992, for instance, Dr. Tony Nkwocha returned home after 20 years in the United States.
Barely 24 hours after his return, the men and women of his clan began pouring in to welcome home the native son.
And after Thursday, Russian security forces here for the Goodwill Games will be wearing U.S. military fatigues and flak jackets, but will not be carrying American guns.
He said everyone was a bit squirmy when they went into one base and passed row after row after row of tanks capable of firing nuclear shells.
-- Opted not to re-sign linebacker Mike Walter after 10 years with San Francisco.
``We did everything we could to improve our defense.'' Having a million-dollar offense and a 10-cent defense is no way to get back to the Super Bowl after four seasons.
-- Signed another free-agent linebacker, Gary Plummer of the San Diego Chargers, 15 years after Seifert rejected the young man as a potential Stanford recruit for Bill Walsh.
``We vowed we were going to get better after the NFC Championship loss,'' he said.
	Shortly after Hussein spoke to reporters at a news conference at the Palace, Israel's Foreign Minister Shimon Peres became the first Israeli Cabinet minister to publicly step onto Jordanian soil, arriving by helicopter at a spa on the Dead Sea for groundbreaking talks on developing economic links between the two countries.
	(NYT) -- A half century after America and Britain put in place bold plans for a postwar global financial system and two decades after that system was formally abandoned, a high-profile group of economists, bankers and diplomats are trying to put it back together again.
``Black Beauty'' achieved its peak popularity shortly after publication (when it greatly influenced the treatment of carriage horses), and there was a resurgence of interest in the book in this country in the 1950s.
Merrylegs, the dapple gray pony who befriends Black Beauty at the first stable, was played by a Shetland-Welsh pony cross that Ms. Thompson took home after the shooting, to join her other three horses.
``Black Beauty'' achieved its peak popularity shortly after publication (when it greatly influenced the treatment of carriage horses), and there was a resurgence of interest in the book in this country in the 1950s.
Merrylegs, the dapple gray pony who befriends Black Beauty at the first stable, was played by a Shetland-Welsh pony cross that Ms. Thompson took home after the shooting, to join her other three horses.
IN ISRAEL, A SEND-OFF FOR SINAI TREASURES JERUSALEM  (BC-SINAI-TREASURES-2TAKES-NYT) Even now, years after they waved farewell, many Israelis find it emotionally difficult to let go of the Sinai Peninsula.
Most of the material was shipped to Cairo over the last year; the rest will be sent along by December after a final cataloguing.
But after the federal court ruling, she said, it made sense to move the project to Death Row because the manufacturing process could be self-contained.
After all, her mother, a Sicilian who had prophesied the baseball injury after dreaming about it, had always liked him.
``I'm sorry that, after all my skill and efforts at communicating, the point I really made yesterday somehow didn't get through,'' Clinton said Wednesday before meeting with the congressional leaders.
Thirty years after the end of Warner Bros.' glory days of cartoon animation, the veteran artist has resumed activity as a designer of classic Warners cartoon images for the collectors' market.
Ross' new works are not true animation cels (they do not belong to the sequence of any cartoon movie), but their authenticity is a foregone conclusion: They are the work of Virgil Ross, after all.
I enjoyed the three tenors concert after all.
I ``thought'' I liked it, but after being burned so badly after their 1990 performance, I wasn't going to take any chances this time.
That's why after the concert ended that Saturday night at Dodger Stadium, I, not wanting to be so totally duped again, waited to see if I liked the show.
He declined to elaborate, saying that details might change after participants read legislative language and cost estimates being prepared by their staffs.
It was almost disturbing, after the unremittingly personal approach Amos had taken to the rest of her music.
Jim Slattery of Kansas stiffened his opposition to employer mandates after meeting with lobbyists from Hallmark Cards Inc.
And he pointed out that when he later saw new figures suggesting his idea might be needed after all, he sent a mailing to constituents saying he might support a free-rider fee.
Vietnam and China, which resumed diplomatic relations in 1991 after years of conflict that included a brief border war in 1979, are only the largest of the countries with competing claims to the waters of the South China Sea.
SOTHEBY'S TO AUCTION A PRE-BEATLES LENNON RECORDING FROM 1957  (BC-LENNON-TAPE-NYT) A previously unknown tape of John Lennon's first band, the Quarry Men Skiffle Group, recorded moments after Lennon met Paul McCartney, has come to light in England after being stored in a vault for decades.
To suddenly come across a tape of an unknown band of teen-age musicians playing in a small town 37 years after the fact is almost unbelievable.
But after that, even when Jeff Hostetler was in the huddle, the man wearing No. 11 was the Giants' leader on offense, the quarterback his teammates looked to, the name and the number that opponents now no longer need to fear.
In the Kansas City Value Line, stock-index futures followed bonds lower after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan suggested that interest rates could tighten further, said Jim Greenwood, a Kansas City Value Line trader.
Raber, a former Hellam Township police officer and Pennsylvania State Constable, said reporting of all criminal activities in schools should be mandatory and information shared so that school officials can counsel students who may be committing criminal acts after school hours.
Armstrong made a rare exception to appear at the White House 25 years after he stepped onto the surface of the moon and uttered those memorable but perplexing words: ``That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.'' With President Clinton, Vice President Al Gore, lawmakers, former astronauts and a group of scientifically inclined students listening, Armstrong said the workers in the Apollo program were ``asked by their country to do the impossible -- to envisage the design and to build a method of breaking the bonds of Earth's gravity and then sally forth and visit another heavenly body.'' Noting that the space shuttle Columbia was orbiting Earth as he spoke, Armstrong said that human beings have ``increased the knowledge of our universe a thousandfold'' in the space age.
There are places to go beyond belief.'' As he spoke, Armstrong stood before a giant photograph that he had taken of Edwin ``Buzz'' Aldrin Jr. after Aldrin had followed Armstrong down the Eagle lander's steps to the moon's surface.
The panel will vote on the plan after the public has a chance to comment on the proposal.
 (BC-GUTHRIE-THEATER-REVIEW-2NDTAKE-NYT) The delicate approach is also crucial to the success of ``Home,'' David Storey's play about the inhabitants of a mental institution who repair to the asylum's desolate garden before lunch and then after it.
The willfully eclectic production mixes flamenco dancers, Secret Service men with cordless telephones, a courtesan who takes after Grace Jones and the hooded monks of the Inquisition.
Indeed, Microsoft's saga may prove to be another chapter in the chaotic but benign process the economist Joseph Schumpeter called ``creative destruction.'' It is also possible, though, that the Microsoft juggernaut will be sustained by inertia long after it has ceased to be a leader in technology.
The $64 question is no longer ``Do markets work well?'' but rather ``Will markets work better after the government tries to fix them?'' And few are optimistic that Washington is up to the task, especially when the task includes a predicting the path of technological innovation.
He's a white Southerner raised by a salty but loving single mother after the disappearance of his father.
Gump, after all, is a man who has lived through much of what his peers have lived through.
White House officials scrambled to rescue the president from a politically embarrassing furor that erupted after he told the nation's governors at a meeting in Boston on Tuesday that health insurance coverage for ``somewhere in the ballpark of 95 percent or upwards'' of the American populace would satisfy his demand for so-called universal coverage.
``I'm sorry that after all my skills and efforts at communicating, the point I really made yesterday somehow didn't get through,'' Clinton lamented as he met with congressional leaders.
The cheapest, which costs a federal worker and family $67.47 a month, pays all hospitalization expenses after a $125 deductible is met, and 95 percent of other expenses.
``I'm sorry that after all my skills and efforts at communicating, the point I really made yesterday somehow didn't get through,'' the president told reporters as he began a meeting with congressional leaders at the White House.
That plan -- the single payer plan patterned after Canada's health insurance program -- would require steep tax increases that are politically unattractive to Congress and the administration.
After all, even Mark Twain was impressed, remarking after a visit in the 1890s that ``all of Berlin is stately and substantial, and it is not merely in parts but uniformly beautiful.'' Yet after reading ``Berlin Rising: Biography of a City,'' by Anthony Read and David Fisher -- an English television writing team whose previous books include ``Kristallnacht,'' ``The Fatal Embrace'' and ``The Fall of Berlin'' -- you understand why the spirit of Berlin was more accurately caught by the Hohenzollern emperor Wilhelm II when he observed in 1892: ``There is nothing in Berlin that can captivate the foreigner, except a few museums, castles and soldiers.
Maybe youthful experience doesn't matter after all.
`` 'Cause coffee's nasty after volleyball!'') ``People are media savvy,'' Fox said.
Hollingshead Jr., who played out a hunch after gauging reaction to projecting films from the hood of his Model A onto a garage wall.
The out-of-work businessman came up with the idea after realizing people wanted to enjoy their vehicles and the silver screen at the same time during parties at his home in nearby Villanova, Pa. The cars were, in effect, private boxes.
That spawned America's second drive-in, which Shankweiler christened in 1934 by hanging a mammoth sheet between two poles and erecting a speaker in Orefield, Pa. -- In an age when the average American didn't have a car, and handicapped by the Great Depression, World War II and gas rationing, drive-ins didn't become popular until after the war.
Hollywood Locations was forced to find a new location after the Jan.
Playa Vista was conceived shortly after Hughes died in 1976, but ran into a number of roadblocks over environmental concerns.
The renowned workshop has resumed in the San Fernando Valley after a two-year hiatus prompted by funding shortfalls and organizer burnout.
``There's an emphasis on images flickering as opposed to the effort it takes to listen.'' The 20 students selected after submitting a writing sample to Mednick include university graduate students, emerging playwrights, screenwriters and people crossing over from other artistic endeavors -- most in their 20s and 30s.
It has been defiantly demanding of its audience.'' Mednick founded Padua Hills in 1978, after a decade of working with New York's Theater Genesis -- an innovator in the early days of the off-off-Broadway movement.
Mednick would have liked to return to CSUN this year, but the logistics became unworkable after the campus suffered heavy damage in January's earthquake.
Hollywood Locations was forced to find a new location after the Jan.
``We know a lot of people will be out to kill it and to damn it,'' said Dalton, who might have other worries after his performance Tuesday.
``I don't know if I've got a career after this,'' he said, half-seriously.
Playa Vista was conceived shortly after Hughes died in 1976, but ran into a number of roadblocks over environmental concerns.
``M.S. -- You still look good to me! How about a drink after work?
The problem is this: after a busy winter, we need a little time with our children.
The audience gaped and the photographers could hardly tear themselves away before and after the show.
None of the comet fragments due to hit Jupiter after Friday are expected to be as large as those now churning up the planet's 11,000-mile-thick atmosphere, they said.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The gigantic flashes and fireballs caused by the 21 largest fragments appear over the Jovian horizon soon after their impacts, and the blackened scars they leave in the Jovian atmosphere swing into view some minutes later.
The JPL group urged astronomers to go on watching, even after the main show is over.
One of the original fragments of the comet, which had mysteriously disappeared earlier this year, was found Wednesday, but only after it had hit Jupiter.
To make $150 billion in cuts, Congress would be forced to go after the only two programs that are huge and growing: Medicaid and Medicare.
This time he's after a criminal who also heads the security force for a Southern California theme park.
Stories are then sent to the user as electronic mail messages after they are delivered to the central server computers by four news services: Associated Press, United Press International, Business Wire and PR Newswire.
Stories are then sent to the user as electronic mail messages after they are delivered to the central server computers by four news services: Associated Press, United Press International, Business Wire and PR Newswire.
Greenspan, often called the second most powerful man in the country after the president and the most powerful in economic terms, had carefully avoided saying in recent weeks that he would not raise short-term interest rates again, so his comments Wednesday did not signal a new policy.
But after the fourth interest rate increase in May, when the rate for overnight loans between banks was increased to 4.25 percent, Greenspan did say that the Federal Reserve had ``substantially'' completed its program of monetary policy tightening.
In fact, many analysts were expecting the fifth rate increase to come just after the Federal Reserve's policy-making committee met earlier this month.
President-elect Ernesto Perez Balladares says he would allow up to 10,000 Haitians to stay in temporary havens in Panama after he takes office Sept.
But Endara, who was installed by U.S. troops after Noriega's downfall, abruptly withdrew his offer this month, leaving the White House strategy in shambles.
Some anger toward Hussein still lingers in Congress because of his support for Iraq's Saddam Hussein after the 1990 invasion of Kuwait, as does some impatience because of his unwillingness to take the dramatic step of making peace with Israel.
The day after I won, I went in.
Dokur called her brother-in-law abusive and said he once beat his daughter, Lisa, 6, with a belt after she spilled her milk at the dinner table.
Reiner was arrested after he was spotted on June 22 at a vacant house for sale by a Realtor who asked him what he was doing on the Alpine Drive property.
The suspicious Realtor wrote down the truck's license number -- and called police after discovering cedar wine racks missing and a refrigeration unit partially disassembled, with some tools left behind, Salcido said.
``Six days after the burglary we arrested Mr. Reiner at his Bel-Air home and some of the wine racks were already installed in his home,'' Salcido said.
Michael Strawberry hopes it works again as he, in his new-found role as counselor, guardian and friend, travels through this baseball season with Darryl, now a San Francisco Giants outfielder who picked his career up off the trash heap after his most recent bout with substance abuse.
He even loved it after he was wounded in 1992 in the riots that followed the acquittal of the police officers who were accused of beating Rodney King.
A bullet grazed Michael in the back of the head after he and two partners were ambushed by a youth firing an AK-47.
Dokur called her brother-in-law abusive and said he once beat his daughter, Lisa, 6, with a belt after she spilled her milk at the dinner table.
``For all of us, the territorial division is the key question.'' Bosnian Prime Minister Haris Silajdzic and Bosnian Croat leader Kresimir Zubak left Geneva soon after presenting their response Wednesday morning.
It was nice to see him catch a break for a change.'' With DeShields at the plate, Franco decided that if DeShields laid down any kind of hard bunt, he was going after Butler, rather than the sure out at first base.
``I knew if I threw the ball in there high, he was safe,'' said Franco, who watched Manager Tommy Lasorda of the Dodgers get ejected after unsuccessfully arguing the call against Butler.
``I guess we have a pretty good scouting team,'' said Franco, who pointed at Wine in the dugout after the play.
Saberhagen, who watched the play on the clubhouse television after wilting in the afternoon heat, praised Franco's risk-taking.
And after the Dodgers cut it to 5-4 in the seventh, Josias Manzanillo got five relatively clean outs to set up Franco's gutsy save.
There were other signs of progress in negotiations and gestures of friendship between Israel and Jordan after the announcement last Friday that Hussein would meet with Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin of Israel in Washington on July 25.
Shortly after Hussein spoke, Foreign Minister Shimon Peres became the first Israeli Cabinet minister to publicly set foot on Jordanian soil.
``Today, Israel and Jordan are stepping out from the old and into the new,'' Christopher said in prepared remarks after the three-way meeting near the town of Shuna.
There were other signs of progress in negotiations and gestures of friendship between Israel and Jordan after the announcement last Friday that Hussein would meet with Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin of Israel in Washington on July 25.
Shortly after Hussein spoke, Foreign Minister Shimon Peres became the first Israeli Cabinet minister to publicly set foot on Jordanian soil.
``Today, Israel and Jordan are stepping out from the old and into the new,'' Christopher said in prepared remarks after the three-way meeting near the town of Shuna.
RECREATING BRETTON WOODS: A BLAST FROM THE EXCHANGE-RATE PAST  (BC-GLOBAL-FINANCE-950-(2TAKES)-NYT) A half century after the about-to-be victorious allies of World War II put in place bold plans for a global financial system and two decades after that system was formally abandoned, a high-profile group of economists, bankers and diplomats are trying to put it back together again.
The U.S. delegation, led by Harry Dexter White, wanted to fix exchange rates and abandon controls on trade after the war, because it believed in free trade and because it wanted to consolidate American influence.
Reached Tuesday night after his arrival in St. Louis, Keenan said: ``The lawsuit is a serious matter.
``Obviously, this trip has the makings of something like that, especially if we end up one game behind the Giants when the season ends,'' Gott said after pitching a scoreless eighth inning.
``We have to think about what we can do, not what somebody else can do.'' So far, the Dodgers haven't done much since leaving Los Angeles after the All-Star break.
Raul Mondesi, who decided to play on a strained right knee after first saying he would sit out at least two days, gave the Dodgers a 1-0 lead against Bret Saberhagen (11-4) with an RBI single in the first.
DeShields was nabbed leaning away from first base by Franco, getting caught stealing after a brief rundown to leave the Dodgers with two out and nobody on.
Vice President Gore started shortly after 7 a.m. on network news shows.
Now the defense is going after the headlines with its own leaks and with its own public announcements.
Included, too, was a request for police reports of any unsolved similar murders that have occurred in California in the past year, as well as a request for reports of visits by injured people to Los Angeles emergency rooms in the 24 hours after the slayings.
Now the defense is going after the headlines with its own leaks and with its own public announcements.
Included, too, was a request for police reports of any unsolved similar murders that have occurred in California in the past year, as well as a request for reports of visits by injured people to Los Angeles emergency rooms in the 24 hours after the slayings.
EVIDENCE OF BACTERIA PUTS LINER OUT OF SERVICE HAMILTON, Bermuda  (BC-LEGIONNAIRES-DISEASE-610-(2TAKES)-NYT) The cruise ship Horizon was taken out of service Wednesday, and the vacation plans of more than 1,000 passengers were upended, after test results came back showing the possible presence of the Legionnaires' disease bacteria in the ship's water system.
The disease can set in from 2 to 10 days after infection and produces headache, fever, coughs, chest pains, diarrhea and some delirium.
The news of the possible presence of Legionnaires' bacteria on the Horizon grew out of an investigation begun on the ship Saturday by officials of the Centers for Disease Control after three former passengers turned up at a New Jersey hospital with symptoms of the disease.
 (BC-LEGIONNAIRES-DISEASE-2NDTAKE-NYT) At a news conference in Manhattan hours after Celebrity Cruises learned of the CDC findings, Al Wallach, senior vice president for passenger services for the cruise lines, said that although ``CDC and we believe the vessel is completely safe now and ready to sail,'' the company is arranging a place in the United States to dock the ship so more tests can be done if necessary.
The company said that its net income doubled in the second quarter before preferred dividends and that the resulting loss after accounting for those dividends narrowed sharply.
On Wednesday, the Party of God issued a statement in Beirut denying ``any link to the Buenos Aires incident.'' But last month, the Party of God vowed to strike at Israeli interests around the world after Israeli military forces ventured into Lebanon, kidnapping a Party of God leader in May and killing 26 guerrillas in June.
Others speculated that Argentine neo-Nazis were involved in Monday's bombing, suggesting that the target might have been Project Witness, a research group that had documented that successive Argentine governments systematically gave refuge to more than 1,000 Nazis who escaped from Europe after World War II.
``We know of at least two people who have been hospitalized after fly bites,'' said James Finley, an engineering analyst who has emerged as the leader of a citizens group that is fighting to get the town, the county, the state -- anybody -- to get rid of the flies.
Soon after the Mullinix farm began operating, Richard and Nancy Bankard, who live on adjacent property, notified the local and state authorities that flies were everywhere, keeping them and their two sons virtually imprisoned during the summer.
On Wednesday, the Party of God issued a statement in Beirut denying ``any link to the Buenos Aires incident.'' But last month, the Party of God vowed to strike at Israeli interests around the world after Israeli military forces ventured into Lebanon, kidnapping a Party of God leader in May and killing 26 guerrillas in June.
Others speculated that Argentine neo-Nazis were involved in Monday's bombing, suggesting that the target might have been Project Witness, a research group that had documented that successive Argentine governments systematically gave refuge to more than 1,000 Nazis who escaped from Europe after World War II.
Fiske Jr., include any that reflect how documents belonging to Foster, deputy White House counsel, were distributed after his death and how presidential aides dealt with a Park Police inquiry into that death, the White House said.
The report -- completed in August 1993, not long after Foster's body was discovered in a park in suburban Virginia, but withheld by the Justice Department until now -- found no evidence of foul play and includes little information that has not since been published.
The report had been the subject of news accounts and was made public three weeks after another report on Foster's death, by Fiske, who used the Park Police findings as the basis for his own investigation.
The report, a compilation of investigative and forensic findings, indicate that when the Park Police discovered Foster's body shortly after 6 p.m. on July 20, 1993, they quickly concluded that he had taken his own life and later found no evidence to change that judgment.
	Fifty years after the Bretton Woods conference created a global financial system, a group of economists, bankers and diplomats, led by Paul Volcker, the former Fed chairman, are trying to invent a more durable framework to coordinate currency exchange rates.
	The American steel industry is booming, after decades of collapsing markets, bankruptcies and mill closings.
	Software stocks fell after Sybase shares slid 18 percent.
	Markets 	Treasury prices fell sharply after the Fed chairman indicated that another increase in interest rates might be needed.
	Stock prices also declined after Greenspan's testimony.
	Copper and lumber prices tumbled after the Government reported that housing starts fell sharply in June.
But that was before Microsoft announced sharply higher quarterly earnings, after the market closed.
But after it released its earnings, on Tuesday evening, analysts expressed worry about signs of slower growth in sales of its main product, database server software.
When Rabin and Yasser Arafat shook hands on the White House lawn last September -- an act many Israelis found distasteful -- it raised hopes that maybe Israelis and Palestinians could live together, after all.
``I haven't really thought about it, actually,'' said Kemp, speaking for the first time publicly after the draft-day debacle in which the Sonics had the blockbuster deal done until owner Barry Ackerley frzze in the face of adverse public reaction.
This is what you work for, to be on the Dream Team.'' Especially after having been through a couple of nightmares.
In Semillon's last race, on July 4 -- his first appearance after a four-month layoff due to a minor leg injury -- he got boxed in and finished last in a seven-horse field.
	The company was forced into Chapter 11 in January 1992 after it dafaulted on $500,000 in payments to Transamerica Commercial Finance Corp.
``We were hoping we could get a little lucky and get off to a good start,'' Gomez said, wearing a crown of eggshell and yolk after a jockeys'-room hazing.
The 6-year-old gelding was turned out after finishing seventh as a 9-5 favorite in the San Antonio Handicap won by The Wicked North.
``I don't want to take any chances on coming back too soon after having the operation,'' said Delahoussaye, who plans to make Del Mar's opener on Wednesday.
Perhaps then it's not surprising that a native of Florida, Jim Reeves, the first-round leader, continued his solid play with a one-under-par-70 to share the lead after the second round.
``I'm just happy to be in this situation.'' Although 35 golfers finished at par or better in Tuesday's first round, only 18 have shot 142 or better after two rounds.
``It's so hot out there, but everyone is suffering,'' said Kestner after his four-birdie, one-bogey round.
Wednesday, at a subdued news conference in his Capitol office, he confirmed reports that after leaving office, he would head Dresing-Lierman Inc., a health-services firm in Bethesda, Md., formed by two friends, Robert K.
Many Republicans and Democrats contend that A Connecticut Party, the independent party Weicker formed after quitting the Republican Party in 1990, will leave the political scene with him.
In February 1993, months after the government had arrested the Scarettas and seized the assets of Revere, the landlord of the warehouse discarded hundreds of boxes of documents left in his building.
Chrein issued his findings after six days of hearings ordered by Judge Arthur D.
Armstrong after he told a White House ceremony that the Apollo 11 mission was not an end to exploration.
Armstrong after he told a White House ceremony that the Apollo 11 mission was not an end to exploration.
``For all of us, the territorial division is the key question.'' Bosnian Prime Minister Haris Silajdzic and Bosnian Croat leader Kresimir Zubak left Geneva soon after presenting their response Wednesday morning.
Armstrong after he told a White House ceremony that the Apollo 11 mission was not an end to exploration.
said Wednesday that it had agreed to modify aspects of a campaign for a new premium gasoline product after it was challenged by a rival, Chevron U.S.A. Products Co., before the National Advertising Division of the Council of Better Business Bureaus.
	The division, part of the advertising industry's self-regulation efforts, conducted a three-month review of the campaign for Texaco's Clean System 3 gasoline after Chevron complained that among other points the Texaco ads overexaggerated the newness of the product.
Armstrong after he told a White House ceremony that the Apollo 11 mission was not an end to exploration.
Armstrong after he told a White House ceremony that the Apollo 11 mission was not an end to exploration.
His death came after a long illness, his family said.
Brown made that call after the Mariners decided the Kingdome wasn't safe because of falling ceiling tiles.
The final six games of the Mariners' current homestand were postponed after Kingdome ceiling panels fell into the stands late Tuesday afternoon.
``We're all excited about it,'' said controller Christine Schumaker, who recently transferred to Houston's tower after five years at Fort Worth Meacham Airport.
An earlier version of the PUC plan was rescinded last year after it was learned that Pacific Bell employees improperly lobbied PUC staff hours before the commission's vote.
Vice President Al Gore started shortly after 7 a.m. on network news shows.
Shapiro wrote that Nicole Simpson's 9-year-old daughter, while in police custody after the murders, was overheard saying: ``I heard Mommy's best friend's voice and heard Mommy crying.' The defense, Shapiro wrote, learned that Nicole Simpson complained to police in December 1992 that she had received a number of obscene and threatening telephone calls.
A police detective also testified that he discovered a cut on the middle finger of Simpson's left hand when the defendant was questioned the day after the killings.
Why can't we just take it upon ourselves to do our job?'' Gordon spoke to two reporters after the Royals were thrashed 11-1 Wednesday by Milwaukee.
``Inspectors could not give us the assurance that the spectators would be safe,'' Frank Abe, a spokesman for County Executive Gary Locke, said after a morning meeting with county and Mariners officials where the decision to cancel the events was made.
Tectum was developed in 1949 by National Gypsum, which sold the division making the product in 1979 -- three years after the Kingdome was built.
Golden also revealed that coroner's investigators didn't even see the bodies for more than 10 hours after they were discovered.
Carrier explained that police did not call the coroner's office until six hours after the bodies were discovered and then repeatedly delayed coroner's investigators from beginning work.
Years ago at a tournament in Hartford, Conn., he remembers feeling great about himself after shooting a 64.
Shapiro wrote that Nicole Simpson's 9-year-old daughter, while in police custody after the murders, was overheard saying: ``I heard Mommy's best friend's voice and heard Mommy crying.' The defense, Shapiro wrote, learned that Nicole Simpson complained to police in December 1992 that she had received a number of obscene and threatening telephone calls.
Shapiro wrote that Nicole Simpson's 9-year-old daughter, while in police custody after the murders, was overheard saying: ``I heard Mommy's best friend's voice and heard Mommy crying.' The defense, Shapiro wrote, learned that Nicole Simpson complained to police in December 1992 that she had received a number of obscene and threatening telephone calls.
A police detective also testified that he discovered a cut on the middle finger of Simpson's left hand when the defendant was questioned the day after the killings.
Kelp is the risk and the satisfaction is the thrill of hooking and landing a truly big bass after bullying it through an aquatic salad bar.
Since they're the most sought-after sportfish in Southern California, they should be sought after in their prime habitat.
In his first major-league start -- which will come exactly one week after his summons from Class AAA -- the rookie pitcher will be asked to contend with the bats of Paul O'Neill, Wade Boggs, Don Mattingly and the rest of the hard-hitting New York Yankees.
Lorraine replaces Russ Springer, who has been moved to the bullpen after suffering through some rough starts.
It provides showers, a small bicycle-repair shop, a lift home in an emergency, a free bike after logging a designated number of miles and other inducements.
Evans said she adopted that attitude after enduring what she felt were unfair insinuations that she had somehow let people down by not winning gold in the 400 meters in 1992.
But I didn't know it would be with Dallas.'' Cunningham's confidence increased Wednesday after coach Barry Switzer made a point to praise him over Boniol.
Cunningham appeared to get a leg up after Boniol missed from 32 and 46 yards.
Hennings, who would rather cut off an arm than disappoint anyone, shyly stubbed a toe in the dirt, blushed, lowered his eyes and said, ``Shucks, folks, if that's what you want, I'll try.'' That it has taken two years for the former Outland Trophy winner to finally force his way into the Dallas Cowboys' defensive line rotation -- and only after the defection of two teammates to free agency at that -- speaks to the struggle the 6-foot-6, 286-pounder has encountered along the way since leaving Air Force jets for the challenge of the NFL.
If the expectations of the media and the fans were simply too much after a four-year layoff from football and two three-month tours flying A-10 attack planes over Iraq during the Persian Gulf War, Hennings never complained.
The coaches' excitement over Hennings, drafted in the 11th round after his senior season in 1987 despite an eight-year commitment to fly jets, quickly filtered to the media.
Even after the bags were moved to the San Anselmo store, Daniels said, the protests continued.
PAUL DELVAUX, BELGIAN PAINTER OF DREAMSCAPES, DIES AT 96  (BC-DELVAUX-OBIT-NYT) Paul Delvaux, a painter of incongruous dreamscapes who was, after Rene Magritte, the best known of the Belgian Surrealists, died Wednesday in Veurne, Belgium, a small town near the French border where he had lived for 15 years.
From his rescue of American fighter pilots in China in World War II, to his role in President Nixon's groundbreaking 1972 trip to Beijing and finally as one of China's main spokesmen to the United States after the Tiananmen Square crackdown in 1989, Han's career was intertwined with Chinese-American relations.
Working as an aide to Zhou after the Communist victory, he rose through the ranks of the Foreign Ministry, serving as a counselor in the Chinese Embassy in Moscow in 1964-65.
 (BC-STEEL-PROSPERITY-ART-760&ADD-NYT) The blast furnaces, rolling mills and slab carriers at U.S. Steel's six-mile-long lakefront plant here are running flat out these days, producing coil after coil of sheet steel for the automotive, appliance and container industries.
Moreover, the big steel companies, after years of winning only grudging price increases, now find themselves in a position to demand significantly more.
Housing starts -- the breaking of ground to build apartments and houses -- fell nearly 10 percent, to an annual rate of 1.351 million, continuing a decline that began in the spring after starts hit 1.519 million units, the second-highest level in this decade.
Since the Legionella bacterium was discovered after an outbreak of the disease in Philadelphia in 1976, at least 28 species of Legionella have been identified.
Pfizer reported a 9.8 percent gain in net income from continuing operations after adjusting for a divestiture and reorganization charges.
Pfizer, based in New York, said net income was $257.2 million, compared with $253.8 million in the comparable period a year ago, after adjusting for gains from the spinoff last year of its Minerals Technologies unit and one-time reorganization charges.
Kristine Bryan, an analyst at S.G. Warburg Securities, said that after excluding the products of other companies that are distributed by Medco, Merck's own drugs made ``a strong showing,'' with increased sales of 10 percent.
Each group -- lineman, linebackers, running backs, quarterbacks and kickers, and defensive backs and receivers -- must run two gassers after practice under a certain time.
They do this much running even after a hot two-hour practice.
And for the players who are really out of shape, they then run up to seven 100-yard sprints after the gassers.
The first summit meeting between the cold war enemies had been scheduled for next week but was postponed indefinitely after Kim's death.
But others say that the granting of the titles is a mere formality that will come after meetings of the party's Central Committee and the Supreme People's Assembly.
Now, Ondieki is after the 5,000 record of 12:56.96, set June4 in Hengelo, the Netherlands, by Haile Gebresilasie of Ethiopia.
``It took me three years to save enough hair,'' says Wolgast, who gathered Sammy's hair when he shed and after grooming and kept it in a plastic bag.
	The Hewitt resident said she became interested in the craft after she discovered that all of her childhood memories were lost forever.
``I feel like I don't even have a home,'' she said after meeting with caterers to arrange meals for the rest of the week and before rushing off to the latest crisis at the work site.
Matt's little sister Jennifer (Jennifer Turner) insists they take the orphaned dog with them, renaming it Lassie, after her favorite television show.
``I never intended to harm anyone in the United States.'' He was sentenced to three years probation and the time he spent in jail after his arrest last July.
He was ordered released on bail last October after Mukasey determined he was only peripherally involved in the overall plot.
One defendant in that case, Siddig Ibrahim Siddig Ali, who Gant said arranged with him three months after the February bombing to bring explosives from Philadelphia to New York City, is cooperating with the government and is expected to be a star prosecution witness.
But after she rejects the advances of her married boss, she is harassed into resigning, fleeing to a new city and a new start.
This only turns him on more, and after she changes course again and invites him into her boudoir, its all over for Ray.
``They give you everything.'' Wright said fans are so serious that some of them torched the gym, burning it down, after his team won the championship for which all club teams on the island compete.
``It's a great place to visit, but after 8{ months, I wanted to come back,'' Wright said.
Mays, a first-round pick of Sacramento in 1990 -- No. 14 overall -- earned second-team all NBA rookie honors after averaging 14.3 points and hitting 36.5 percent of his three-point shots to rank among the top 15 in the league.
This year Mays hopes to catch on with either the Spurs or Rockets, the latter of whom rejected him after a tryout last summer, before he went to Boston.
Riegle Jr., D-Mich., who plans to retire at year's end after becoming ensnared in a savings and loan scandal himself, will serve as Senate hearing referee.
UNFINISHED BUSINESS -- Did White House aides obstruct justice by removing Whitewater files from Foster's office shortly after his death?
Feinstein has gone after Huffington aggressively since he started cutting into her lead, calling the longtime Texas resident a carpetbagger.
She has also blasted him for refusing to make public his past income tax returns or pay California taxes from 1988-90 after his family had moved to the state while he remained in Texas.
Feinstein, however, shelled out for a series of anti-Huffington TV commercials after the May Field Poll found her lead down to 48 to 41 percent.
That changed after she discovered that government agencies were tying up her lines, downloading information for free instead of paying the National Library.
Now, we're delighted that it is happening.'' Now she's going after AT&T and Pacific Bell.
As she surfed through California Online Resource for Educators (CORE) she ran into one glitch after another.
The important marketing goal is to make sure the product and the venue are going after the same crowd, industry experts say.
The actual blessing of the shrimp fleet, in which a priest sprinkles holy water over the boats, was done after the Mass from O'Brien's fishing boat.
His first assignment as a young priest was in McAllen working at a detention center for refugees, including many from Cuba after the revolution there.
Virtually anything there's a reasonably good market for, we offer a specific, dedicated program for.'' Reid said he wants to institute a system to track South Plains commercial music graduates and where they find employment after graduation.
Kanengiser teaches at the University of Southern California; Scott Tennant is the author of a guitar method titled ``Pumping Nylon''; John Dearman, a self-taught guitarist who moved into the classical concert field after studies with Pepe Romero, adds a unique seven-string guitar to the ensemble; and Andrew York is renowned as a composer for guitar, attracting the attention of John Williams and Christopher Parkening.
Dippin' Dots certainly aren't going to kill out the ice cream industry (''I was looking forward to something to lick,'' says one disappointed customer after sampling the pellets), but they are a cool novelty during the hot summer.
The lead drama actor category is topped by ``NYPD Blue's'' Caruso and Franz and also features five-time winner Peter Falk for his series of ``Columbo'' movies, previous winner Tom Skerritt of ``Picket Fences'' and the departed Michael Moriarty of ``Law & Order.'' Moriarty, himself a previous Emmy winner on three occasions, left the NBC drama toward the end of last season after taking a controversial stand against the anti-violence views of Attorney General Janet Reno.
The focus later moves to Giggles (Marlo Marron), who has been released from prison after doing time for a crime committed by her boyfriend; she would like to learn about computers, but her old friends in the barrio find her ambition laughable.
REMEMBERING THE `GOOD' GERMANS  (BC-`GOOD'-GERMANS-INDEPENDENT) The Germans are often portrayed as having been virtually unanimous in their support for Hitler after he came to power in 1933 -- at least until it became clear that Germany was likely to lose the war.
REMEMBERING THE `GOOD' GERMANS  (BC-`GOOD'-GERMANS-INDEPENDENT) The Germans are often portrayed as having been virtually unanimous in their support for Hitler after he came to power in 1933 -- at least until it became clear that Germany was likely to lose the war.
``I must say your government is an irresponsible one created just to keep your two parties in power.'' Article 9 of Japan's constitution, imposed by the U.S. after the Second World War, prohibits the maintenance of ``land, sea and air forces, as well as other war potential.'' But after the shock of the Korean War and the threat of Communism spreading, the United States quickly prodded Japan into setting up the so-called Self-Defense Forces (SDF).
Japan's military budget is the third largest in the world after the U.S. and Russia, and its navy is the biggest in the Pacific after the U.S. The SDF's state-of-the-art destroyers, anti-submarine equipment, radar and missile systems belie the timid, self-demeaning image it conveys in public.
Finally the government succeeded in sending peacekeepers to Cambodia, arguing that after the Gulf war debacle, Japan would be exposed to even greater international ridicule if it did not make some contribution.
``I must say your government is an irresponsible one created just to keep your two parties in power.'' Article 9 of Japan's constitution, imposed by the U.S. after the Second World War, prohibits the maintenance of ``land, sea and air forces, as well as other war potential.'' But after the shock of the Korean War and the threat of Communism spreading, the United States quickly prodded Japan into setting up the so-called Self-Defense Forces (SDF).
Japan's military budget is the third largest in the world after the U.S. and Russia, and its navy is the biggest in the Pacific after the U.S. The SDF's state-of-the-art destroyers, anti-submarine equipment, radar and missile systems belie the timid, self-demeaning image it conveys in public.
Finally the government succeeded in sending peacekeepers to Cambodia, arguing that after the Gulf war debacle, Japan would be exposed to even greater international ridicule if it did not make some contribution.
Muscarello inherited the show after Vargas' death in 1989, while Kaiser, a former concession manager, bought half of the show from Vargas' former partner, Jack Bailey, who died in 1990.
The mood is nostalgic but knowing; after all, no dog story with a soundtrack featuring the Beatles, Bob Dylan and the Allman Brothers can be considered precisely quaint.
Although Condit did not say how many people would actually lose their jobs, after the meeting Weldon and Forte said they were confident that far fewer than the 2,200 announced layoffs would actually occur.
In addition, Australia, New Zealand and Panama require spraying, but allow airlines to decide on their own whether to spray before or after debarking passengers.
Although Condit did not say how many people would actually lose their jobs, after the meeting Weldon and Forte said they were confident that far fewer than the 2,200 announced layoffs would actually occur.
My daughter complains that hers is hot, it makes her head itch and it causes sweat to drip down her forehead into her eyes, obscuring vision and creating a safety hazard; that last excuse, after hearing her complaint that ``It's just too hot,'' didn't work.
Roosevelt wired it to Lombard's husband, Clark Gable, in January 1942, after the plane carrying the 33-year-old actress on a war-bond tour crashed in Nevada.
The problem for hoarders is that coffee gradually loses flavor after a few months, even if properly stored.
But after two years as a field service representative in Xian, the region's largest city, Whitney who along with his colleagues is sometimes called Mr. Boeing, says the experience has been worth it, culture shock and all.
Already the United States' eighth-largest trading partner, China is expected to become the third-largest aircraft market after the United States and Japan.
China also announced tougher security measures after 10 hijackings in 1993, although the new measures didn't prevent two more hijackings this year.
Soon, with the blessing of his grandfather (Richard Farnsworth), Matt adopts his mother's youthful dream of turning the property into a sheep ranch -- after all, he has the dog to help him do it.
The Chicago debacle was only one of many reasons that Humphrey lost; He also was burdened with the Vietnam War, a cranky and uncooperative President Johnson, a liberal wing demoralized after the assassination of Sen.
More than 61 million Americans born after the Chicago convention have no first-hand knowledge of the event.
But after 10 hours in the car, impulses are weak.
And after a week of not being sure what day it is, and not caring, your brain does the same.
On the Foster suicide, Cutler said he'll make the case that ``it's time to leave the Foster family in peace.'' Off limits in the hearings will be the issue of Clintons' dealings in Arkansas and a host of related issues, such as why White House aides quietly removed Whitewater files from Foster's office soon after he was found dead.
He is a professional politician much more in the American mold than in the British Labor Party tradition.'' Indeed, Blair is constantly compared to President Clinton, whose presidential campaign he has studied and whose success at repositioning the Democratic Party after 12 years of Republican presidencies he considers a valuable model.
In recognition of that fact, Sega of America, the world's second largest games maker after Nintendo, and the MGM movie company are making video games together.
The deal was announced in April, shortly after a Sega official was quoted in the trade press as saying that because games and movies had different goals there would never be any substantial Silicon Valley-Hollywood connection, which he called Siliwood.
On vacation with her in the Bahamas, he suffers a round of indignities after she portrays him as her lover to impress a bellboy at their hotel.
In recognition of that fact, Sega of America, the world's second largest games maker after Nintendo, and the MGM movie company are making video games together.
The deal was announced in April, shortly after a Sega official was quoted in the trade press as saying that because games and movies had different goals there would never be any substantial Silicon Valley-Hollywood connection, which he called Siliwood.
On vacation with her in the Bahamas, he suffers a round of indignities after she portrays him as her lover to impress a bellboy at their hotel.
The problem for hoarders is that coffee gradually loses flavor after a few months, even if properly stored.
The DNC spoof shows Harry in bed in a full body cast after an accident.
Well, who is out of money now, Harry?'' The ad concludes with an announcer saying: ``Tell Congress you want what they already have -- the security of affordable, universal health care.'' The ad, which ran less than a week, was pulled off the air after a number of Democratic lawmakers complained that it unfairly attacked members of Congress who are covered by a high-benefit plan offered to all federal employees.
The DNC spoof shows Harry in bed in a full body cast after an accident.
Well, who is out of money now, Harry?'' The ad concludes with an announcer saying: ``Tell Congress you want what they already have -- the security of affordable, universal health care.'' The ad, which ran less than a week, was pulled off the air after a number of Democratic lawmakers complained that it unfairly attacked members of Congress who are covered by a high-benefit plan offered to all federal employees.
``I think, after paying to get to New York, each of us is going to be broke for a while.
But after performing at the convention last year, she said, ``we now know that nothing concrete will result.'' Rasputina, which is not signed to a record label, is to perform at CB's Gallery in the East Village on Friday night.
Golda Meir, Israel's legendary leader, was the first to meet a Jordanian ruler, Abdullah, after she became Israel's first foreign minister in 1948.
Food critic John Mariani, who writes for Esquire magazine and serves as host and board leader for Prodigy's 20-topic food board, said food programs ``really took off'' about a year after the national on-line service Prodigy introduced them in 1989.
(Although some Reform and many Conservative Jews keep kosher, the Orthodox are the hard-core of the kosher market.) These young professionals grew up in the age of television and fast food and they demand the kinds of amenities that secular young professionals get: a gourmet TV dinner they can heat up after a busy day at the office, a kosher Pop-Tart they can grab as they race out the door in the morning, even a kosher analog to Weight-Watchers' low-fat meals.
(But the plans do not include a kitchen.) When the project is finished, after Labor Day, there will be an unobstructed view of the only complete Egyptian temple in the Western Hemisphere.
(Although some Reform and many Conservative Jews keep kosher, the Orthodox are the hard-core of the kosher market.) These young professionals grew up in the age of television and fast food and they demand the kinds of amenities that secular young professionals get: a gourmet TV dinner they can heat up after a busy day at the office, a kosher Pop-Tart they can grab as they race out the door in the morning, even a kosher analog to Weight-Watchers' low-fat meals.
A day after he was beaten for victory in a two-man sprint, Ugrumov had the sense to ride alone to the finish Thursday.
	SOLZHENITSYN RETURNS TO MOSCOW 	MOSCOW (NYT) -- At long last, after 20 years of exile and a two-month rail trip across the troubled country that expelled him, Alexander Solzhenitsyn, Russia's mournful sage, returned to his nation's capital on Thursday night.
Several times during their joint news conference after a 90-minute meeting, Christopher sternly spelled out the need for Arafat to get his financial house in order so that other countries would feel comfortable sending him money.
U.S. officials no longer insist that the suave, soft-spoken Cedras is a moderate, as they did during the Bush Administration, even after his participation in the bloody September 1991 army coup against exiled President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
``Every time we have visitors who want to see Cedras we have to warn them, `Look, he seems very moderate and he's not.''' Cedras, 45, won Aristide's trust, too, after he was approved by U.S. and French diplomats to protect the former Roman Catholic priest during the tension-fraught transition period leading up to his February 1991 inauguration as Haiti's first freely elected president.
Cedras's mother, a member of a mulatto family in the town of Jeremie in southern Haiti, was a militant of the Ton-ton Macoutes, the feared militia that Francois ``Papa Doc'' Duvalier created after he took power in 1957.
Cedras later received military training in Spain, Taiwan, Israel and the United States, always specializing in psychological operations, as diplomats point out, though he did not distinguish himself for adroitness at Haitian military politics until after the coup.
CIA spokesman David Christian says the plan  (BC-LEAH-PERSONALS-SFCHRON) in which men are encouraged to go tieless, and women are encouraged to wear slacks -- was put into effect after studies at places of business showed that establishing such a day ``raised morale and increased productivity.'' 	CIA Director 	Woolsey said in a radio interview this week that he hopes to encourage brilliance and has no objections to eccentricity.
CIA spokesman David Christian says the plan  (BC-LEAH-PERSONALS-SFCHRON) in which men are encouraged to go tieless, and women are encouraged to wear slacks -- was put into effect after studies at places of business showed that establishing such a day ``raised morale and increased productivity.'' 	CIA Director 	Woolsey said in a radio interview this week that he hopes to encourage brilliance and has no objections to eccentricity.
Auto air conditioners draw power from the engine, and the seal around the shaft that delivers that power always starts to leak after a few years.
More conclusive information will come after next week's annual tour.
But after its promising start, ``North'' simply picks up too much weight for its own good.
Pedro finds himself giving in to minor temptations on the job and some big ones after hours -- he begins frequenting a pretty young prostitute (Vanessa Bauche) with a drug habit.
Students who are still fuzzy about murder and manslaughter after plowing through their assigned cases can turn with relief to Emanuel's two-page capsule summary explanation of the differences between the two.
It is, after all, the worst ripoff of young Americans ever conceived.
	The blackened impact sites left by the cometary explosions almost merged with each other after two separate pieces of Fragment Q as well as Fragments R and S hit Jupiter in close succession, violently churning the planet's atmosphere.
``Thank you, your honor, thank you,'' King said as he bowed to federal Magistrate Judge Nina Gershon after she ordered him to remain free on a $250,000 personal recognizance bond.
King fended off virtually every question dealing with the charges that he tried to collect insurance for what the prosecution said was a fraudulent $350,000 contract in training fees King said he had with Julio Cesar Chavez, whose championship fight in Las Vegas, Nev., in 1991 was canceled after the fighter suffered a cut nose while sparring.
He returned to Harvard after his stint in Washington and was the co-author of a five-volume treatise on antitrust law and policy, ``Antitrust Law,'' published in 1980.
The Chicago debacle was only one of many reasons that Humphrey lost; He also was burdened with the Vietnam War, a cranky and uncooperative President Johnson, a liberal wing demoralized after the assassination of Sen.
More than 61 million Americans born after the Chicago convention have no first-hand knowledge of the event.
 (BC-PIRELLI-2NDTAKE-NYT) This year, the company expects to turn a modest profit, after losses of $27 million in 1993, on global sales of $5.7 billion.
The cuts will result in Amoco's taking a charge on earnings of $256 million after taxes in the second quarter.
It was was the third consecutive profitable quarter for IBM after a long series of losses.
In the second quarter, staffing was reduced 8,000, after a cut of 3,000 in the first quarter, part of its plan to reduce employees by more than 35,000 in 1994.
``Some tournaments offer more than $600,000 in prize money; we just do things differently.'' Players receiving guarantees are obliged, even after they lose, to attend parties.
As far as retiring after attempting another comeback, she said: ``I want to spend more time with my husband and to start having children.'' Also still on hand for the party circuit was the eighth-ranked Novotna.
Several times during their joint news conference after a 90-minute meeting, Christopher sternly spelled out the need for Arafat to get his financial house in order so that other countries would feel comfortable sending him money.
Under extraordinarily tight security, Christopher flew in an Israeli air force helicopter to the Erez crossing near the spot where two people were killed and 90 wounded last Sunday when Israeli and Palestinians forces exchanged gunfire after a riot of hundreds of Gazans.
Each of these hoarse people (their vocal cords slowly coming around after their uncommon use so late in the season), answered no to the first question and yes to the second -- grudgingly, grimly, teeth-gnashingly yes.
And since there is a dead end for me here, that I won't ever be the general manager, then I want the opportunity to move on.''' Keenan, after his first year of a five-year contract, not only decided to scram, but he did it like a thief, surely holding secret talks with the enemy -- the Detroit Red Wings and the St. Louis Blues -- and then, using the phony excuse that his bonus money arrived a day late, said he was outta here.
But he also wanted one about whom he could sleep soundly after his evening prayers.
Although Rostenkowski was forced to step down as chairman of the Ways and Means Committee after he was indicted on federal corruption charges in May, he can still do favors for constituents.
Shelk, federal affairs counsel for the ITT Hartford Insurance Group, a unit of the ITT Corp., said he had secured this provision after laying out his concerns to Mrs.
Congress ended the tax exemption for such companies in 1986, after concluding that many were indistinguishable from commercial insurers.
The blackened impact sites left by the cometary explosions almost merged with each other after two separate pieces of Fragment Q as well as Fragments R and S hit Jupiter in close succession, violently churning the planet's atmosphere.
About one minute later the plume appeared, brightened considerably, and faded after about eight minutes.
The agreement, made final a few days after Clinton took office as president, requires that all the lawyers in the case ``not initiate the release of any information to the media regarding this settlement agreement.'' The Finder's Fee: Access for Sale; Price: $750,000 In addition to federal regulators' inquiry over Seguin, Dalton was the subject of an unusual action by the Federal Home Loan Bank Board: The board blocked as inappropriate a $750,000 finder's fee that an investment group wanted to pay Dalton for using his access to board officials.
The bank board blocked the fee to Dalton after learning of it at the last minute, while approving Centex's purchase.
Ten weeks after Clinton announced his choice of Dalton, the White House formally sent his nomination to the Senate.
Convoked under the slogan, ``Standing Up to Terror,'' the rally on Thursday was twice as large as a march after the bombing of the Israeli Embassy here in 1992 in which 30 people were killed.
On Tuesday, two missing women were found wandering streets here, apparently in shock, a day after the bombing.
No arrests were made after the 1992 bombing.
``What is different here from Europe is the complicity of local neo-Nazis.'' Although there is no proof of far-right involvement, many Argentines worry that detective work could be sabotaged by neo-Nazis who were not purged from Argentina's military intelligence services after the military dictatorship ended here in 1983.
In May, Alejandro Sucksdorf, an army intelligence agent, was arrested after the police found Nazi literature, hand grenades, 100 pounds of dynamite, and slow fuses at his rural estate.
Summers, the Treasury undersecretary for international affairs, came a day after Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan hinted strongly that another interest rate increase was likely and gave a strong boost to the dollar.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The comments by Summers and Ms. Tyson the day after Greenspan's testimony were the most pronounced effort by the administration to persuade the financial markets that the White House and the Federal Reserve are in harmony and that the administration does not secretly covet a weaker dollar.
Faced with that policy, imposed after the most recent surge of refugees beginning in June, more than 4,000 have decided to return to Haiti, a decision they made after counseling by American officials and by representatives of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees and other organizations.
Before, during and after the Goodwill inaugural in Moscow in 1986 and the second Goodwill Games in Seattle four years ago, there were forecasts that the Games would not be held again.
``The original idea, the most important part of the Games, was to get the U.S. and the Soviet sports team playing again after the double boycott,'' he said.
Perennial winner Jackie Joyner-Kersee goes after her third Goodwill title in the heptathlon.
Another notable is Elaine Zayak, 29, making a comeback after reinstatement.
The commissioner can let stand the Blues' five-year deal with Keenan, which he signed last Sunday, after he left the Rangers because they had not paid a $620,000 bonus check by July 14.
Officials of Madison Square Garden, which owns the Rangers, have denied that Keenan and Campbell ever discussed the bonus in the 30 days after the Rangers won the Stanley Cup.
Liberty originally paid very little money for its stake in QVC, and Malone did not want Liberty to pay a heavy capital-gains tax after selling out to Comcast.
QVC's stock, which had risen from the $36 range last week after Comcast's initial offer, fell $1.75 Thursday to close at $44.25 in Nasdaq trading, as shareholders apparently reacted to the potentially heavier tax burden of an all-cash offer.
Dave Hatcher, a 35-year-old glazier from Omaha, Neb., said in a follow-up interview after the poll was conducted that he was concerned that the religious right would ``start trying to write the laws out of the Bible.'' But Cynthia Swarthout, a 28-year-old homemaker from Willard, N.Y., said religious conservatives like herself could save the Republican Party.
About twice as many Americans hold a negative view as a positive one of Pat Buchanan, a conservative commentator who challenged Bush in the presidential primaries in 1992, and of Pat Robertson, who established the Christian Coalition after his failed bid for the Republican nomination in 1988.
He was chairman and chief executive when he retired from that company in 1972, the year after it was acquired by E.R. Squibb and Co. From 1971 to 1983, he was a member of the Squibb board of directors and of that board's executive committee.
He received a bachelor's degree from Brown in 1932 after spending his junior year studying in Paris and Nancy, France.
But after I patiently endured a very hip, five-minute message, an automated voice promised to mail a free ``Rock the System'' manual chock full of factoids and shiny pictures in three to five weeks.
``Nonetheless, we're watching this very closely because this radio station is not only inciting people to leave the country, it's also putting out a lot of anti-U.N. rhetoric in recent days, and after the closing of the embassy of Rwanda here in Washington, there was even a lot of anti-American rhetoric.'' ``So it's a very dangerous message that's being given to the refugees and to the people still in the country,'' he said.
``We are very concerned about the new health care problems that are presented by all the refugees that are there,'' Clinton said after being briefed on the situation by AID administrator Brian Atwood.
But Murray said the prospects for negotiations rather than a fish war improved after a lengthy and argumentative luncheon in Ottawa on Monday attended by Gore, Chretien and Brian Tobin, Canada's fisheries minister.
``I think after Gore talked to Chretien, it was agreed they would come back and talk about long-term issues and that there would be no escalation,'' Murray said.
In Southeast Alaska, most of the sockeye that spawn in British Columbia will have passed into Canada after next week, Meacham said.
That plan, they said, had been crafted with attention to the lessons of Somalia, when the abandonment of an American-led effort to disarm warring clans left U.S. forces in peril and the country still in anarchy after authority was handed to the United Nations.
Just four months after the withdrawal of the last American combat troops, the administration is now weighing whether to withdraw the last American diplomats and their Marine guards from Somalia because of an increase in violence there.
Some commentators have called the defense tactics irresponsible in a city where the issue of racial bias in the criminal justice system remains an open wound after the Rodney King beating and the riots that followed an acquittal of four officers accused of assault.
Employee absenteeism will decrease, productivity will increase and employee morale will improve.'' Wilson said he decided to sign the bill after reviewing medical studies that signaled the dangers of second-hand smoke, saying that what had once been an issue of courtesy had been transformed into one of fundamental public health.
On March 11, three days after Ms. Wu sent a facsimile letter requesting $258,110 from a Hong Kong investor, Paul Lang, Lang received a letter from William H.
Blake said that at its peak, there were 20,000 cases of cholera a week in Peru when the disease first struck South America in 1991, after a long absence.
He is, after all, one of only two senators who sits on both the Finance and the Labor and Human Resources Committee,'' the two committees in the Senate considering health care legislation.
``Even after he was in the hospital and they brought his fever down he was paranoid,'' said Mrs.
JORDANIAN POLICE ARREST AMERICAN ACCUSED OF KILLING HIS WIFE IN NEW JERSEY AMMAN, Jordan  (BC-U.S-JORDAN-EXTRADITE-NYT) The Jordanian police said on Thursday that they had captured an American who the authorities in New Jersey say fled with his two young children after strangling his wife.
The arrest of the fugitive, Mohammad Ismail Abequa, a Jordanian native, came after a weeklong, nationwide manhunt ordered by King Hussein, a senior security official said.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Authorities in New Jersey began searching for Abequa just hours after the body of his Turkish-born wife, Nihal, was found in the bedroom of her apartment in the New Jersey town of Parsippany-Troy Hills on July 6.
But the New Jersey police learned that Abequa had already fled to Jordan with his children after making stops in Nashville, London, and Amsterdam, home to one of his brothers.
``George had four trades graded one through four,'' Nelson said after Thursday's three-hour workout at Moody Bible Institute.
But this is, after all, basketball.
Varinsky said he encountered this phenomenon in the case of Goetz, who was acquitted of assault and attempted murder in 1987 after shooting four black youths on a New York City subway car.
For decades, jurors have spoken to the press after big cases, and no law prevents them from doing so after the trial.
One lawyer said she could imagine the headline on some tabloid: ``I Was the Juror who Saved O.J. Simpson from the Gas Chamber.'' ``It's really scary,'' Braun said, ``when you consider that jurors might be wondering as they deliberate whether they can make more money by voting one way or another.'' The problem worries Braun so much that he and other attorneys are working on legislation that would bar jurors from selling their stories for 90 days after a trial has ended.
PARIS  (BC-PARIS-FASHION-ART-460&ADD-NYT) For the second consecutive day during the fall couture showings, an audience surfeited with heat and fashion spontaneously rose to its feet to honor a designer during his traditional walk down the runway after the show.
The designer, Gerard Pipart, gives these longer styles a graceful enough look, but after he makes his point with a dozen or so styles, he shortens his skirts to show the knees, an effect more in keeping with the rest of the clothes in the couture shows here.
If after those expenses are paid, money is left over, those savings would be divided equally among the company, as its fee, the school board and the city.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) The company is a young, publicly owned corporation whose stock soared after it won management and consulting contracts for 12 public schools in Baltimore in 1992.
It was the third consecutive profitable quarter for IBM after a long series of losses, and its stock surged.
	Markets 	The dollar rose against the German mark and the Japanese yen after the Clinton administration signaled that it did not want to see a lower dollar to pressure Japan on trade, saying that another slide in the American currency would slow global growth.
	Coffee prices surged after traders said an auction in Brazil turned up coffee of poor quality.
It may be Young's destiny to never escape the Montana Shadow; clearly, it'll linger long after the 49ers' September 11 game at Kansas City.
APOLLO 11 INSTRUMENTS ON MOON STILL TRACK EARTH'S MOTION  (BC-MOON-INSTRUMENTS-350&ADD-SFCHRON) Long after the Apollo team retired, younger scientists are learning with precision measured in centimeters just how far the Earth and moon are separated across 240,000 miles of space.
The radar system was developed by the National Center for Atmospheric Research at Boulder, Colo., and Lincoln Laboratory, in Lexington, Mass., after the 1985 Delta crash.
Administration officials and congressional leaders who are trying to reconcile the two crime bills passed by their chambers broke up on Thursday night after meeting for three hours without resolving differences about a provision that would allow inmates sentenced to death to use figures about the racial distribution of death sentences to challenge them as racially discriminatory.
At the meeting at the Capitol, after a fruitless discussion on Wednesday, were Attorney General Janet Reno, the White House chief of staff, Leon E.
On June 13, the college told its faculty that it could not afford to meet its payroll after June 30, and last week, the accreditation agency formally notified Upsala that its accreditation would be revoked Dec.
``And one question: Where was all the money going?'' Now the Manhattan district attorney, after an independent two-year investigation of managing agents, is asking the same question.
66th St. ``We got a rebate of more than $50,000 after I did the research and petitioned the Water Department,'' King said.
Ms. Leon, who said she expected to return to Harlem Hospital Center after her work is done at Kings County, said she has helped restore full accreditation to three local public hospitals that were in danger of losing it -- Harlem, Metropolitan Hospital Center, also in Harlem, and Lincoln Medical and Mental Health Center in the Bronx.
POWER LINES FAIL, FORCING BROWNOUT IN PART OF MANHATTAN NEW YORK  (BC-NYC-BROWNOUT-NYT) The lights were dimmer and the television screens smaller on the Upper East Side of Manhattan Thursday night after Consolidated Edison imposed a brownout on a 44-block area where 75,000 customers live.
The utility cut electrical voltage by 8 percent as a precaution after four feeder cables were knocked out of service shortly before 5 p.m., said Dan Walden, a Con Edison spokesman.
It was the third consecutive profitable quarter for IBM after a long series of losses, and its stock surged.
	Markets 	The dollar rose against the German mark and the Japanese yen after the Clinton administration signaled that it did not want to see a lower dollar to pressure Japan on trade, saying that another slide in the American currency would slow global growth.
	Coffee prices surged after traders said an auction in Brazil turned up coffee of poor quality.
In another, Darrin becomes upset when ``off the top of her head, Samantha comes up with a great idea for one of his clients,'' Cronin said, after ``Darrin worked on the campaign all night and all of his ideas were really awful.'' Cronin added that ``in those days, Samantha had to accept her role of full-time housewife, even though we know she would have done a better job as an ad executive than Darrin or Larry.'' His reference was to Larry Tate, Darrin's boss, ``the first real TV boss you loved to hate,'' as Cronin put it, because ``he sucks up to clients in a nauseating way and manages Darrin through a combination of threats and false promises.'' ``Working in television for the past 15 years,'' Cronin added, ``and working with ad agencies, I can appreciate the two-faced character of Larry Tate.'' The ``Bewitched'' episodes are part of a programming gimmick that Nick at Nite calls ``Block Party Summer'' because its schedule has been regrouped in blocks.
``From our point of view, the important public health message is that people should cook their hamburgers until they are a gray color throughout and should practice hygiene,'' she said, adding that it was important for cooks to wash their hands after coming in contact with raw meat.
3, hours after the carjacking.
But Nappi identified Summers in a lineup two weeks after the incident.
Summers was captured 45 minutes later after leading the police on a high-speed chase, crashing in Bronxville and then running off the highway and through a stream.
Sean Stephenson, 15, of LaGrange, Ill., was applauded by Colleen Flanagan, 14, after he spoke at a news conference at the Russell Office Building.
People were getting rowdy and nasty.'' He gathered his luggage after arriving at John F.
He sits in the dugout at Veterans Stadium in Philadelphia after Wednesday's game against the Phillies.
Townsend was waived Tuesday after unsuccessful trade attempts.
Sean Stephenson, 15, of LaGrange, Ill., was applauded by Colleen Flanagan, 14, after he spoke at a news conference at the Russell Office Building.
People were getting rowdy and nasty.'' He gathered his luggage after arriving at John F.
He sits in the dugout at Veterans Stadium in Philadelphia after Wednesday's game against the Phillies.
Sean Stephenson, 15, of LaGrange, Ill., was applauded by Colleen Flanagan, 14, after he spoke at a news conference at the Russell Office Building.
People were getting rowdy and nasty.'' He gathered his luggage after arriving at John F.
He sits in the dugout at Veterans Stadium in Philadelphia after Wednesday's game against the Phillies.
Sean Stephenson, 15, of LaGrange, Ill., was applauded by Colleen Flanagan, 14, after he spoke at a news conference at the Russell Office Building.
People were getting rowdy and nasty.'' He gathered his luggage after arriving at John F.
He sits in the dugout at Veterans Stadium in Philadelphia after Wednesday's game against the Phillies.
There's even a horse named after her running at Yonkers Raceway.
Another horse may be favored: Golden Eagle Farms' Dramatic Gold, who dropped off the Triple Crown trail after a couple of failed forays out of town but came back to win an allowance race by seven lengths.
Not one to sit and watch, Chapman bowed out in early 1991 after Continental Dairy Queen opened its first two European restaurants.
Nobody's going to give us anything.'' That this trip is proving so difficult is not so much a surprise as it is a sobering reminder of 1991, when the first-place Dodgers went 2-9 on their first East Coast trip after the break and let the Atlanta Braves climb from 9{ out to 3{ out.
In his last 10 outings, Worrell is 2-1 with five saves in seven chances and a 4.20 ERA, one of the wins coming Monday after he blew Candiotti's 6-3 lead.
``See, I didn't look very dull tonight, did I?'' Lakers coach Del Harris told a reporter, after previously protesting his plain image.
Usually, the responsibility falls to an assistant coach, but Harris wanted an early start after being named Lakers coach in mid-May.
Kilpatrick joins Hoffman/Lewis after four years at BBDO San Francisco, where he held a similar position.
``If, in fact, the jurors began deliberations from square one and then came to a decision after one day, it's shocking,'' he said.
A year after Robert Samuels was killed, as police closed in in Bernstein as a possible suspect, Mary Ellen Samuels hired a second hit man, Paul Gaul, to kill Bernstein.
Last year, the day after Microsoft officials warned of slowing revenue growth, the stock price dropped 6 percent.
In 1990, the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals found Robinson's Miranda rights were violated because police continued to interrogate him after he requested a lawyer.
Townsend was waived Tuesday after unsuccessful trade attempts.
``I am myself the substance of my book,'' he wrote in the introduction to ``A Voice Crying in the Wilderness,'' a collection of aphorisms excerpted from his journals and published shortly after his death.
The fight will be Foreman's second for a world title since he came out of retirement after 10 years in 1987.
At the press conference, after the incident with Atlas, he stood straight-faced at the podium and criticized his recent opponents for refusing to fight him toe-to-toe.
Immediately after the Atlas incident, the trainer sat down and whispered to his fighter: ``You're going to start running again tomorrow.'' Moorer responded, ``OK.'' Gonzalez took the World Boxing Council and International Boxing Federation versions of the title from Michael Carbajal on Feb.
But the significance of Thursday night's declaration, which came after an anxious week on Capitol Hill, was the strong statement on behalf of universal coverage from Mitchell.
``Our objectives remain health insurance for all Americans, which means providing security for those Americans who now have health insurance as well as providing health insurance for those Americans who don't have it,'' Mitchell said after the White House meeting.
The guilty verdicts came after less than four days of testimony, in which Army prosecutors built their case on circumstantial evidence.
Taken into custody the morning after the killing, he was held at Camp Lejeune, N.C., until his court-martial began on Monday.
Only in the secondary, where Mark Collins and William White have come aboard after Albert Lewis and Kevin Ross signed with other teams, is there significant change.
``We told them we would buy time after sweeps.
``Other people just haven't adjusted to it,'' said Floyd, who joined the senior tour after turning 50 in September 1992.
About an hour after the announcement in the team's Queen Anne conference room, newly bearded Sonics coach George Karl questioned the news between swigs from a liter of Mountain Dew and swallows of aspirin.
``Basketball is the boss,'' Karl said after a considered pause.
Karl hopes to have his first conversation with the forward soon, after an estimated 20 phone calls failed to turn the trick.
I'm going to listen to him, ask a lot of questions, and help him build upon what he's already built.'' The two worked together during the NBA Draft June 29, when the Kemp-Pippen deal was considered and finally canceled after much debate, with Karl favoring the deal over the Ackerleys' objections.
The infant died of fatal head injuries June 16, 1990, a day after he was rushed from Cummings' home in suburban Reseda to a nearby Tarzana hospital.
``And very soon after that, he'll be a head coach in the NFL.
Just like John is.'' Wise, who left the Cowboys after the 1992 season to become a Bears assistant, eventually became one of Johnson's closest friends.
``But he didn't last too long after he called Tex Schramm a freeloader and wanted him fired and thrown out of camp.'' Training-camp characters haven't changed since the Cowboys' first bivouac.
When he was the Pittsburgh Steelers' toughest veteran, a rookie flagged him down after dinner and ``invited me to step outside.'' ``This was after an exhibition game and we were in a hotel,'' Stautner said.
Tarpley, banned from the league after refusing to take a drug test in 1991, has applied for reinstatement.
In another option, Goodwin desires an early buyout clause that would allow Kidd to renegotiate after only a couple of years.
The industry also wants to spray carcasses with antimicrobial acid solutions after slaughter (although it is not clear that this has much effect against E.
The industry also wants to spray carcasses with antimicrobial acid solutions after slaughter (although it is not clear that this has much effect against E.
The apartment houses went dark about two hours after the utility imposed a brownout on a wider area when four feeder cables short-circuited and failed, said Dan Walden, a Con Edison spokesman.
The brownout lasted until shortly after midnight, the utility said.
Yet, more than a decade after this policy was adopted as part of the war on drugs, cocaine and heroin are cheaper, purer and easier to find than ever; and the nation's violent crime rate has budged not a jot.
Yet, more than a decade after this policy was adopted as part of the war on drugs, cocaine and heroin are cheaper, purer and easier to find than ever; and the nation's violent crime rate has budged not a jot.
Yet, more than a decade after this policy was adopted as part of the war on drugs, cocaine and heroin are cheaper, purer and easier to find than ever; and the nation's violent crime rate has budged not a jot.
Then ``employee assistance'' often meant a hunt for problem workers by rummaging through personnel files and looking for patterns, such as a pronounced tendency to be ill on Mondays or the day after getting paid (both of which were supposed to be tip-offs for alcoholism).
Then ``employee assistance'' often meant a hunt for problem workers by rummaging through personnel files and looking for patterns, such as a pronounced tendency to be ill on Mondays or the day after getting paid (both of which were supposed to be tip-offs for alcoholism).
Then ``employee assistance'' often meant a hunt for problem workers by rummaging through personnel files and looking for patterns, such as a pronounced tendency to be ill on Mondays or the day after getting paid (both of which were supposed to be tip-offs for alcoholism).
Then ``employee assistance'' often meant a hunt for problem workers by rummaging through personnel files and looking for patterns, such as a pronounced tendency to be ill on Mondays or the day after getting paid (both of which were supposed to be tip-offs for alcoholism).
The Yankees laced six hits in the sixth and five of their six runs scored after Finley had two outs.
Provided the world can make it beyond September, maybe the end is not nigh after all.
Provided the world can make it beyond September, maybe the end is not nigh after all.
Yet, each time, after a brief period of downward profit-revisions and warnings about radical restructuring, investors somehow regain confidence in the industry's prospects -- and the money-guzzling biotech machine surges into action once again.
This week the share price of Synergen, a firm based in Boulder, Colo., halved after its septic-shock drug, Antril, failed another test and the firm discontinued it.
On July 18 Synergen, after announcing the withdrawal of Antril, said it was ready for a merger or a sale.
Yet, each time, after a brief period of downward profit-revisions and warnings about radical restructuring, investors somehow regain confidence in the industry's prospects -- and the money-guzzling biotech machine surges into action once again.
This week the share price of Synergen, a firm based in Boulder, Colo., halved after its septic-shock drug, Antril, failed another test and the firm discontinued it.
On July 18 Synergen, after announcing the withdrawal of Antril, said it was ready for a merger or a sale.
	Backbeat R 	Meet the Beatles before they were the Beatles in this British film about the birth of the legendary band and the death of Stuart Sutcliffe, the so-called ``Fifth Beatle.'' 	Bad Girls R 	Madeleine Stowe, Andie MacDowell, Drew Barrymore and Mary Stuart Masterson are working girls out West, on the run to Oregon, after Stowe plugs a murderously unruly client.
The lion cub Simba (voice by Jonathan Taylor Thomas, then Matthew Broderick) must reclaim his throne after his evil uncle, Scar (Jeremy Irons) connives to have Simba's father, King Mufasa (James Earl Jones), killed.
	Philadelphia PG-13 	Tom Hanks gives an Oscar-winning performance as a fast-track lawyer who sues his former firm after being fired for incompetence after he discovers he's HIV-positive.
	The Shadow PG-13 	It's a shame ``The Shadow'' came along after ``Batman'' and ``Dick Tracy.'' It borrows the best elements of both -- ``Batman's'' brooding cityscapes and eerie atmosphere, combined with ``Tracy's'' lighter touch and wittier art design.
And as North's mysterious spiritual guide, Willis wears out his welcome after the second costume change.
The wonder dog is, of course, Lassie, who latches onto Matt after her owner is killed in a rainy-night car accident.
Wayne Huizenga has just done a sweetheart deal with Don Shula -- three years as head coach, a vice president of operations job after that and ownership of the team beginning right now.
He just laughed.'' Shula said his goal is to return to the Super Bowl after a loss in the AFC Championship Game two years ago and five straight losses last season after a 9-2 start.
And two weeks after the flood, the river is still wild.
``He is the right person for the right job, and now is the right time,'' the 62-year-old Goizueta said in an interview shortly after the board made its decision.
In that effort, Ivester's boldest gambit was deposing then marketing chief Peter Sealey and bringing back Sergio Zyman, who had left the company shortly after the ``new Coke'' debacle.
``His hobby is work.'' Ivester joined Coca-Cola in 1979 after auditing the company's books for Ernst & Whinney (now Ernst & Young).
There, he steered the company's plunge back into East Germany with $450 million of investments after the Berlin Wall fell in late 1989.
That was a day after police charged them with shooting Jordan while he napped in his red Lexus along U.S. 74, just southwest of Lumberton.
So I want to use this year to make sure I'm prepared.'' Nelloms will return to Columbus to finish his degree at OSU after the track season ends in September.
It's made me stronger as a person, more disciplined and determined to achieve my goals.'' He was ambushed in Trotwood in 1992 during a late-night jog after watching the Olympics.
Mertz lost his title, office and staff, though not his salary, after telling a television interviewer this spring that the Clinton administration was leading the country toward ``Sodom and Gomorrah'' with its open tolerance of homosexuals in government.
It was Sunday, after all, and Woods had a service to lead.
She grew up in a religious family and spent a good deal of time at church, but Woods took the traditional route after high school by marrying and starting a family.
For two months after she graduated from seminary in 1981, the Rev.
A month after beginning work at Allen's church, Chambers joined it; a few weeks later, she preached her first sermon there.
She and Nelson divorced shortly after she was ordained, although they've since worked out their problems and were remarried about two years ago.
They sympathized with a younger actor's lament that his insurance rates soared after his state passed a law against charging old people more than young people.
The industry also wants to spray carcasses with antimicrobial acid solutions after slaughter (although it is not clear that this has much effect against E.
The industry also wants to spray carcasses with antimicrobial acid solutions after slaughter (although it is not clear that this has much effect against E.
Yet, more than a decade after this policy was adopted as part of the war on drugs, cocaine and heroin are cheaper, purer and easier to find than ever; and the nation's violent crime rate has budged not a jot.
Yet, more than a decade after this policy was adopted as part of the war on drugs, cocaine and heroin are cheaper, purer and easier to find than ever; and the nation's violent crime rate has budged not a jot.
Yet, more than a decade after this policy was adopted as part of the war on drugs, cocaine and heroin are cheaper, purer and easier to find than ever; and the nation's violent crime rate has budged not a jot.
Then ``employee assistance'' often meant a hunt for problem workers by rummaging through personnel files and looking for patterns, such as a pronounced tendency to be ill on Mondays or the day after getting paid (both of which were supposed to be tip-offs for alcoholism).
Then ``employee assistance'' often meant a hunt for problem workers by rummaging through personnel files and looking for patterns, such as a pronounced tendency to be ill on Mondays or the day after getting paid (both of which were supposed to be tip-offs for alcoholism).
Then ``employee assistance'' often meant a hunt for problem workers by rummaging through personnel files and looking for patterns, such as a pronounced tendency to be ill on Mondays or the day after getting paid (both of which were supposed to be tip-offs for alcoholism).
Provided the world can make it beyond September, maybe the end is not nigh after all.
Provided the world can make it beyond September, maybe the end is not nigh after all.
Yet, each time, after a brief period of downward profit-revisions and warnings about radical restructuring, investors somehow regain confidence in the industry's prospects -- and the money-guzzling biotech machine surges into action once again.
This week the share price of Synergen, a firm based in Boulder, Colo., halved after its septic-shock drug, Antril, failed another test and the firm discontinued it.
On July 18 Synergen, after announcing the withdrawal of Antril, said it was ready for a merger or a sale.
Yet, each time, after a brief period of downward profit-revisions and warnings about radical restructuring, investors somehow regain confidence in the industry's prospects -- and the money-guzzling biotech machine surges into action once again.
This week the share price of Synergen, a firm based in Boulder, Colo., halved after its septic-shock drug, Antril, failed another test and the firm discontinued it.
On July 18 Synergen, after announcing the withdrawal of Antril, said it was ready for a merger or a sale.
REMEMBERING THE `GOOD' GERMANS  (BC-`GOOD'-GERMANS-INDEPENDENT) The Germans are often portrayed as having been virtually unanimous in their support for Hitler after he came to power in 1933 -- at least until it became clear that Germany was likely to lose the war.
REMEMBERING THE `GOOD' GERMANS  (BC-`GOOD'-GERMANS-INDEPENDENT) The Germans are often portrayed as having been virtually unanimous in their support for Hitler after he came to power in 1933 -- at least until it became clear that Germany was likely to lose the war.
``I must say your government is an irresponsible one created just to keep your two parties in power.'' Article 9 of Japan's constitution, imposed by the U.S. after the Second World War, prohibits the maintenance of ``land, sea and air forces, as well as other war potential.'' But after the shock of the Korean War and the threat of Communism spreading, the United States quickly prodded Japan into setting up the so-called Self-Defense Forces (SDF).
Japan's military budget is the third largest in the world after the U.S. and Russia, and its navy is the biggest in the Pacific after the U.S. The SDF's state-of-the-art destroyers, anti-submarine equipment, radar and missile systems belie the timid, self-demeaning image it conveys in public.
Finally the government succeeded in sending peacekeepers to Cambodia, arguing that after the Gulf war debacle, Japan would be exposed to even greater international ridicule if it did not make some contribution.
``I must say your government is an irresponsible one created just to keep your two parties in power.'' Article 9 of Japan's constitution, imposed by the U.S. after the Second World War, prohibits the maintenance of ``land, sea and air forces, as well as other war potential.'' But after the shock of the Korean War and the threat of Communism spreading, the United States quickly prodded Japan into setting up the so-called Self-Defense Forces (SDF).
Japan's military budget is the third largest in the world after the U.S. and Russia, and its navy is the biggest in the Pacific after the U.S. The SDF's state-of-the-art destroyers, anti-submarine equipment, radar and missile systems belie the timid, self-demeaning image it conveys in public.
Finally the government succeeded in sending peacekeepers to Cambodia, arguing that after the Gulf war debacle, Japan would be exposed to even greater international ridicule if it did not make some contribution.
A month after beginning work at Allen's church, Chambers joined it; a few weeks later, she preached her first sermon there.
She and Nelson divorced shortly after she was ordained, although they've since worked out their problems and were remarried about two years ago.
Soon, with the blessing of his grandfather (Richard Farnsworth), Matt adopts his mother's youthful dream of turning the property into a sheep ranch -- after all, he has the dog to help him do it.
But she battled back from a deep coma and, 4 1/2 months after a car accident that doctors did not expect her to survive, the teen-ager from Dayton, Texas, spoke again.
For seven days after the accident, her mother slept in a chair by Laura's bed -- talking to her, playing music, trying to arouse her.
Two weeks after the accident, Laura's eyes opened.
Sometimes patients make gradual improvements for 20 years after an accident, though most healing occurs the first year, she said.
One bit that lends credence to Pritchett's story is the Navy Cross he won a year after the Roosevelt incident.
Pritchett volunteered for the Marines after graduating from Weatherford High School.
And, eventually, that would cause me problems.'' Those problems began when nobody showed at Pritchett's camp after the first day.
``The next day, after interviewing a few carefully selected personnel, Mrs.
With Clinton's proposal consigned to the political scrap heap, especially after the Democratic leadership confronted Clinton on the issue late Thursday, the issue of health care is in the hands of the United States Congress.
But given Congress' track record for imagination, resourcefulness and courageous decision-making, we can assume that meaningful health-care reform might occur sometime after we earthlings break ground for the first condominium development on Mars.
Analyst Michael Murphy with the California Technology Stock Letter in Half Moon Bay, said Sun's numbers, though less spectacular than the Silicon Graphics' results, show Sun moving back into high gear after a year of trouble.
Soon, with the blessing of his grandfather (Richard Farnsworth), Matt adopts his mother's youthful dream of turning the property into a sheep ranch -- after all, he has the dog to help him do it.
The franchise is strong; be warned that you may find yourself at your friendly neighborhood collie breeder shortly after the credits roll.
Matt (played by Thomas Guiry) is 13 and still hurting after the death of his mother.
Slowly, Lassie persuades her young master that life in the country is possible, and after Matt meets April (Michelle Williams), a comely neighbor who knows all about livestock, he is well on the road to recovery.
 (BC-GARDEN-COLUMN-$ADV24) About 10 years ago, after I had moved from Brooklyn to a cottage on Long Island, my father and I walked out to his favorite patch of hollyhocks, which grew alongside an old chicken house at the farm in Maryland, and collected a handful of papery-dry seed pods.
Their seeds can also be collected after they bloom and planted early in the spring.
Picking up the scent, Showtime recently asked a handful of well-known directors to remake 1950s B movies for a new series, ``Rebel Highway.'' ``People think of the 20 years after the war as this Eisenhower, golf, `Leave It to Beaver,' plastic sort of time, but there was a real undercurrent of sex, violence, mystery and exploitation,'' said Alan Betrock, an archivist who publishes collectors' guides to popular scandal and girlie magazines like Confidential, Dare, Glance and Naked Truth.
The cult of Ms. Page eclipses even that of Ed Wood Jr. Almost 40 years after she withdrew into obscurity, her star shines more brightly than it ever did in her brief heyday, from 1951 to 1957.
Later this month, St. Martin's Press will publish ``Betty Page Confidential,'' a collection of essays and photographs made after she fled New York.
``A lot of management expected that after the election of a new government, everything would be hunky dory -- `Now we've given them power and they can shut up,' '' said Renee Grawitsky, an analyst with Andrew Levy and Associates.
HORMONE-MILK (Los Angeles)  (BC-BUSINESS-LADN) Five months after dairy farmers were given permission to boost production with a bovine growth hormone, consumer and wholesaler resistance has largely kept milk from cows treated with the substance BST away from the California market.
She serves her dogs Dakotah and Malibu (named after the rum, not the beach) nothing but Iams, one of the premium-brand dog foods.
This, after all, was the sitcom so hot and outrageous -- with its allusions to boozing and drugging and wanton sex -- that the other networks wouldn't come near it.
Yet after watching four hours of the smash European hit that the Brits have nicknamed ``AbFab,'' I'm still waiting for it to get truly funny.
A TITANIC UNDERTAKING: The Titanic took only an hour to sink after it hit an iceberg on April 15, 1912, but four hours for the Arts & Entertainment Network to do a post-mortem on the disaster 82 years later.
Meanwhile, Kansas City Southern's stock steadied after falling for two volatile days following the buyout announcement.
In fact, it is in its best shape in years, assuming Esiason is fresh after late-season batterings.
He comes home after the children are in bed or he travels a lot.
``Even after a year you see things, and all of a sudden you're seeing the flood again.
Scott Momaday's moving 1968 novel ``House Made of Dawn,'' a young Pueblo man is alienated from himself and drifting after serving in World War II.
The antitrust division objected to the group's plan of giving the new channel an exclusive right to the four studios' movies during the first 90 days after being released.
The play got only modest praise from the Dublin critics and closed in New York after only a few performances, he said.
The play got only modest praise from the Dublin critics and closed in New York after only a few performances, he said.
``That's for other people to judge,'' said Blaney, who is respected in coaching circles after a 22-year tenure at Holy Cross and who, last season, was president of the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
Many felt that if the Hall could not attract a name coach -- Pat Kennedy of Florida State and George Raveling of Southern Cal were among coaches who turned the job down -- then Keating should have gone after a young one like Rider's Kevin Bannon.
Politically left-of-center Mexicans have never forgiven National Action for what they view as a compromise five years ago that helped Salinas consolidate control after the 1988 election.
``It wouldn't have been possible without the Zapatista uprising because of the close relationship the mayor had with the (former) governor.'' Last week, Javier Lopez Moreno, who was appointed governor of Chiapas after the uprising, opened negotiations to allow the return of 30,000 evangelical Christians to their homes in the Tzotzil Maya community of San Juan Chamula.
In 1947, soon after Aaron started to work at the mill for his father, he was promoted to factory supervisor.
``Your keystroke count fell to under 9,000 an hour after lunch two days in a row.
Shortly after the Beverly Hills store opening, Gene Pressman, the tk-year-old co-chief executive and grandson of the founder, Barney Pressman, surveyed the company's accomplishments with a sense of family pride.
The questions were prompted by a stream of reports of late payments to suppliers, which first surfaced last fall after the New York store opened.
According to those statements, Barneys had about $30 million in cash on hand at the end of last year, after it had paid its credit lines down to zero, as required by its bank agreements.
The payment fiasco at Barneys, most of all, seems to be explained by how long the single-store mentality dominated the company's operating style -- well after Barneys had expanded beyond its heritage as lone store on Seventh Avenue in New York City.
With terms of net-30, (the full amount owed within 30 days of shipping) designers expect most stores to pay 30 days later than that, or 60 days after shipping.
Soon after the store opened in September, payments seemed to stop completely for some small vendors.
More recently, he was director of labor relations in the city's Fire Department and chief of staff for Assemblyman Jose Serrano, after which he held executive positions at the SCS Business and Technical Institute in Manhattan and with the state's Hispanic Housing and Economic Development Task Force.
Cornfield, the panel's deputy chief counsel.'' Led by Milton Mollen, a former judge and deputy mayor, the panel was established by Mayor David Dinkins in 1992 after Brooklyn Police Officer Michael Dowd was arrested by the Suffolk County police for dealing narcotics.
It was her mother's birthday, and Grundberg placed a birthday card in the dead woman's left hand after she shot her.
He said Grundberg received long-term psychological help after her mother's death.
The very scale of the response the president is mobilizing should begin to reassure Rwandans who took flight after hearing venomous and hysterical broadcasts warning that insurgent armies were bent on slaughter.
But after a faltering start, in which the U.S. seemed unable even to supply personnel carriers to Rwanda, Clinton has initiated something very like President Bush's Operation Provide Comfort, which helped save the lives of a half-million Kurds who fled their homes in Iraq.
And after Steve Jobs's company, Next Inc.
in the mid-80s and sold as DR-DOS, it changed names after Novell acquired Digital Research in 1992.
 (BC-MEXICO-TV-CAMPAIGN-ART-2NDTAKE-NYT) Underscoring television's power, Diego Fernandez de Cevallos of the conservative National Action Party shot from a distant third in most polls to challenge Zedillo after a strong showing against him and Cardenas in Mexico's first televised presidential debate.
Right before or after the reports, the network often broadcasts paid Zedillo campaign commercials with more warm praise from men and women on the street.
It said the University of Utah was aware of the falsifications after it investigated the case, but falsely assured the National Institutes of Health that Ninnemann had corrected his statements.
What sort of deal the Rangers and the Blues can work out remains in question, because there is no precedent for how to compensate a team for the loss of its Stanley Cup winning coach after he serves just one year of his contract.
The percentage of respondents who said their organizations had one or more harassment complaints nearly doubled, but just 60 percent called sexual harassment a ``real problem,'' while 30.5 percent said it was a ``perceived problem.'' -- Leave me alooooone! Don't tell me that after settling into the standard, relatively painless computer world of Windows, I'm now confronted with another operating system from Microsoft, code-named Chicago.
The percentage of respondents who said their organizations had one or more harassment complaints nearly doubled, but just 60 percent called sexual harassment a ``real problem,'' while 30.5 percent said it was a ``perceived problem.'' -- Leave me alooooone! Don't tell me that after settling into the standard, relatively painless computer world of Windows, I'm now confronted with another operating system from Microsoft, code-named Chicago.
Net income for the latest quarter was $138.1 million, or $1.16 a share, in contrast to the net loss of $188.3 million in last year's third quarter, after special charges to cover layoffs and the revamping.
``I had been recommending the stock, but feeling like there was a bunker mentality about it.'' Drawing credit for Apple's apparent turnaround is Michael Spindler, a German who was head of Apple's European business before becoming president last summer and eventually also assuming the title of chief executive after Sculley left the company last fall.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Several analysts noted that Apple seems poised to move forward on a recovery track in much the same fashion as Compaq Computer Corp., which has been financially rejuvenated since Eckhard Pfeiffer took over as chief executive two years ago after heading Compaq's European operations.
She said that in the seven years after her son was born, she ``really wanted another child.'' ``I prayed for this daughter and received her as a blessing,'' Mrs.
That will be 60 days after Simpson's arraignment, and under California law he can demand that his trial start then.
Immediately after Friday's hearing, the defense team filed still more motions, this time trying to cast doubt on the prosecution's blood testing methods and demanding, as it had earlier, that its forensic experts also be allowed to test blood spots found at the scene of the killings and elsewhere.
The brokerage firms themselves will develop and run, as frequently as they see fit, the how-a-product-works training after an education plan is approved by the NASD.
But all the nation's brokers would potentially have to be schooled in the regulatory program in their second, third and fifth years after having earned their licenses.
In most SEC cases, such requests are the legal equivalent of locking the barn after the horse is gone; but in this case, the agency argued in court Friday, the requested injunctions against future violations have a very compelling goal: to stop Coates from continuing to sell his stock to the public.
Jersey City's school system, the state's second largest, was taken over in 1989 after a long battle.
According to the magazine reports, one of the key witnesses, Francesco Nanocchio, a Finance Guard auditor, was arrested last April on suspicion that he pocketed the equivalent of $1,600 in bribes paid by Sciascia after a favorable audit of Edilnord, a real estate group controlled by Berlusconi's younger brother, Paolo.
According to the reports, after months of detention in a northern Italian military prison, Finance Guard officials began talking early this month with magistrates from Di Pietro's team.
The volume of vehicles reaching the market after a two- or three-year lease will more than double this year to 1,073,000, according to Art Spinella, vice president and general manager of CNW Marketing/Research, a Bandon, Ore., company that tracks leasing.
That decision, he said, is not supposed to be made until after a defendant is arraigned.) President Clinton is expected to raise Abequa's case with King Hussein when the two meet on Monday.
Three months after the resumption of a civil war between Rwanda's two main ethnic groups, hundreds of thousands are dead and 4 or 5 million of the country's 8 million people have been displaced.
The expansion of the aid effort came after several days of intense criticism of the administration, which was accused of not doing enough.
Shapiro had approached Ito about an item of evidence he had uncovered, and after a closed hearing, the judge named a retired judge, Delbert Wong, to receive and seal the item.
That problem is on the front burner right now, especially after PaineWebber Group announced it would spend $180 million, on top of the $90 million or so it has already spent, to bail out its short-term government bond fund.
The power windows could be operated for a minute after the engine was turned off.
VEHICLE PRICING SERVICES  (BC-CAR-SMART-PRICE-$ADV24-NYT) After seeing one friend after another get buried by slick salesmen and hidden costs while purshasing new cars, Marc Guy decided it wouldn't happen to him.
``An institution as venerable as ours should not be required to transform itself by being forced to become co-eduational until after the United States Supreme Court has ruled on an issue this significant,'' said a statement issued by the school's president, Lt. Gen.
stock plunged $2 on Friday in heavy trading after some investment analysts' reports predicted lower earnings following the release of the company's second-quarter report on Thursday.
	The dollar rallied against the German mark after Alan Greenspan spoke in support of a stronger dollar.
	Crude oil prices climbed after an effort to end a strike of oil workers in Nigeria stalled.
And Viacom has said it wants to slice expenses by $100 million in its first year after the merger, and the Dolgen's operations will have to absorb some of the cuts.
Moreover, Ms. Lansing was left a somehwat empty plate by her predecessor, Brandon Tartikoff, who departed abruptly in 1992, after his daughter was severely injured in car accident.
You have to be a more open-minded now.'' Dolgen displayed his deal-making talents shortly after he arrived to sign up actor-producer Michael Douglas and bring his new production company under the Paramount banner.
Even as they sent U.S. troops on a quarter-billion-dollar mission to cope with the consequences of tribal fighting, they insisted that it would have been wrong to risk American lives to try to halt that fighting after it broke out in early April.
It is not clear that even a speedy intervention could have halted the worst of the genocidal massacres that began in Rwanda within hours after the country's President, a Hutu, and his Burundian counterpart were killed in a plane crash on April 6.
But among human rights experts, at the United Nations, in Congress and even within the administration, a more widely held view is that in leaving Rwanda a void for so long after the killing started, the United States and its allies squandered a real chance to check the mounting terror.
The HBO officials first thought it was a ploy, but after Dolgen held his ground, they eventually acquiesced.
Bob Packwood of Oregon, the senior Republican on the Senate Finance Committee, asked for only a week's delay after Mitchell produces his bill.
Shawn Holder has been named president and chief executive officer of Hamburger Hamlet Restaurants Inc., three months after a shakeup at the Sherman Oaks, Calif.-based chain that forced its previous chief out of office.
Lavine had served as interim president and chief executive after McFall resigned.
Instead, after the first three tests failed to produce even a near miss, Star Wars officials took other measures, which the report characterized as enhancements.
David Pryor, D-Ark., who requested the General Accounting Office investigation after his staff heard the original accusations last year, said he remained convinced that the enhancements made to the fourth and final test were part of a pattern of deception.
The target's explosion was to simulate the effect of a strike by the interceptor.'' That plan to blow up the target missile was abandoned, the report said, after the first two Homing Overlay flights missed by too wide a margin to fool anyone.
``Test personnel said the wiring to the explosives was removed for the final two flights,'' the report said, ``but the explosive material was not removed.'' In 1984, after the third Homing Overlay Experiment test failed, ``steps were taken to make it easier for the interceptor's sensor to find the target'' in the fourth and final test, the report said.
``Is there anything else you think we should be doing?'' Bentsen, who also serves as chairman of the Oversight Board of the Resolution Trust Corporation, appeared to be angry and surprised after the meetings were publicly disclosed at a Senate hearing on Feb.
But moments after the First Lady and the cameras left, Page got off the bus and boarded the one on which he had a seat, this time with no ceremony.
But after intensified U.S. pressure, French officials said Friday that they would immediately jam the station.
JULY 24 WITH BARNEYS BY STEPHANIE STORM 	(NYT7) NEW YORK -- July 22, 1994 -- BARNEYS-2, 7-22-- Six months after Barneys opened the largest new store in New York City since the Depression, they opened this opulent outpost in Beverly Hills, decorated with hand-laid mosaics and filled with pricey designer fashions.
JULY 24 WITH BARNEYS BY STEPHANIE STORM 	(NYT7) NEW YORK -- July 22, 1994 -- BARNEYS-2, 7-22-- Six months after Barneys opened the largest new store in New York City since the Depression, they opened this opulent outpost in Beverly Hills, decorated with hand-laid mosaics and filled with pricey designer fashions.
JULY 24 WITH BARNEYS BY STEPHANIE STORM 	(NYT7) NEW YORK -- July 22, 1994 -- BARNEYS-2, 7-22-- Six months after Barneys opened the largest new store in New York City since the Depression, they opened this opulent outpost in Beverly Hills, decorated with hand-laid mosaics and filled with pricey designer fashions.
JULY 24 WITH BARNEYS BY STEPHANIE STORM 	(NYT7) NEW YORK -- July 22, 1994 -- BARNEYS-2, 7-22-- Six months after Barneys opened the largest new store in New York City since the Depression, they opened this opulent outpost in Beverly Hills, decorated with hand-laid mosaics and filled with pricey designer fashions.
And Hillary Rodham Clinton, holding a child with birth defects, said, ``Health reform without universal coverage will not work.'' Then Democratic leaders grabbed the ball and, after meeting with the Clintons, said they were ready to push for legislation guaranteeing coverage for all.
But after the QVC deal collapsed and talk bubbled up of CBS being for sale, Tisch recoiled from this begging-bowl image.
The bailout will cost Paine Webber $34 million after taxes, which the company took as a charge in the second quarter, said Regina Dolan, the company's chief financial officer.
Salomon Brothers withdrew from the project, saying it was forced to revise its ``space requirements'' after the stock market collapse.
But even after the final lawsuit was thrown out in June 1992, the Dinkins administration did not press Zuckerman to close the sale of the land or lose his $33.8 million.
Senior Dinkins advisers insisted at the time that the decision did not represent political revenge as Zuckerman contended, but came only after they got a crucial assurance from the MTA that the city would remain involved in planning for the site.
The day after the deal collapsed, Dyson said, ``I have never dealt with as difficult and as unpleasant a bunch of people to do business with as the people at the MTA.'' In June, the MTA and the developers agreed to a compromise under which Zuckerman would get the north half of the four-acre site for less than a quarter of the original price -- $100 million.
Even so, she said, the supermarket where the meat was bought took the rest of its shipment off the shelf voluntarily after the outbreak was reported.
Gaulin, an entertainment lawyer from Rye, N.Y., said his two children had come down with the symptoms after a party on June 12.
Bovine somatotropin, or BST, became available in February after the Food and Drug Administration concluded that the synthetic version of a naturally occurring hormone is safe for humans and animals.
The Hollywood Oaks figured to be another thriller between Sardula and Lakeway, who'd been first and second in the finish-line photo after the Kentucky Oaks.
But soon after the scandal erupted, Cerullo said that he did not ``blink'' in the Jett case, that he relied on the firm's controls and internal auditing system, and that when he realized that something was amiss in Jett's trading desk, he investigated the matter vigorously.
Some people close to Cerullo said he decided to resign after discussing the report's preliminary conclusions with senior Kidder executives.
Strawberry, who does not speak until after games these days, exhibited his comfort in other ways.
And Darryl, with the .324 average and the 9 runs batted in after only 34 at-bats, stood and basked.
Putting her name on the Central Park Reservoir, Vallone said Friday, was ``The best way to commemorate the life and beauty of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis.'' There had been a number of suggestions of places or buildings that might be named after her, including Grand Central Terminal, which she fought to preserve.
When the fillies took the stage 30 minutes after the colts left, Unacceptable was the 4-5 choice, Jerry Bailey was in the saddle again and opportunity was knocking for a horse who had won her first two starts by a total of 11 lengths.
The PRD attorney who represented her was jailed for more than a month after he filed a complaint against the police, she said.
In Municipal Court a month ago, days after his arrest in the June 12 knife slayings of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Goldman, Simpson stood weary and downcast, barely able to acknowledge his name.
TICKETS FOR WOODEN CLASSIC GO ON SALE LOS ANGELES  (BC-BKC-WOODEN-LADN) Basketball has changed since UCLA's Wizard of Westwood, John Wooden, left coaching just after winning his 10th NCAA title in 1975.
Reportedly, just days after being arrested for two murders, one of O.J. Simpson's attorneys sent a letter to the Arcola Country Club in Paramus, N.J., requesting a leave of absence for Simpson from the club.
And Viacom has said it wants to slice expenses by $100 million in its first year after the merger, and the Dolgen's operations will have to absorb some of the cuts.
Moreover, Ms. Lansing was left a somehwat empty plate by her predecessor, Brandon Tartikoff, who departed abruptly in 1992, after his daughter was severely injured in car accident.
You have to be a more open-minded now.'' Dolgen displayed his deal-making talents shortly after he arrived to sign up actor-producer Michael Douglas and bring his new production company under the Paramount banner.
The HBO officials first thought it was a ploy, but after Dolgen held his ground, they eventually acquiesced.
George Deukmejian after spending the two previous years on the Municipal Court bench.
``You cannot have portability under today's system,'' she said, ``because you've got so many competing insurance companies with so many multiple insurance policies, all of which are designed to eliminate people from coverage, charge them more, deter use of the system, and complicate it for both the patient and the health care provider.'' The First Lady was interviewed at the Benson Hotel in Portland, after speaking to a noontime crowd of 12,000 people in a downtown park.
That was because Strawberry, the onetime Met, was making his first appearance here since joining San Francisco two weeks ago after returning from rehabilitation for a substance-abuse problem.
About the only thing to spoil the Mets' night was the mild back spasms that forced third baseman Bobby Bonilla out of the game after five innings.
Strawberry, who does not speak until after games these days, exhibited his comfort in other ways.
And Darryl, who would raise his batting average to .333 after going 1 for 2 and knocking in his 10th run of the season during the Giants' 6-3 loss, stood and basked.
But I don't know how much that will go around.'' The Greens abandoned their home in town after last summer's floods.
A NAMESAKE SWIM MARK FOR EVANS LOS ANGELES  (BC-OLY-EVANSSWIM-LADN) You know you're the class of the field when after the awards ceremony the runners-up ask for your autograph.
That's what happened to Janet Evans Friday evening after setting a meet 400-meter freestyle record at her own Janet Evans Invitational at USC.
As Evans descended the dais, having shaved the mark by 0.01 seconds to 4 minutes, 12.25 seconds, third-place Naya Higashijima of Japan stopped her for a snapshot, then chased after her again for an autograph.
Stanford's Jenny Thompson, returning to the water after breaking her arm last spring, won the women's 100 free in 57.39, well off her world-record 54.48.
Co-founder Al Fong said shortly after the first store opened that while the baby boomer generation may be one of the most fit in American history, its children weren't.
``The day after her surgery, I see her on the Stairmaster,'' Stanford coach Richard Quick said.
Bender gets his repetitions in practices at Oxnard only after Tom Rathman, Derrick Gainer and Napoleon McCallum have taken theirs.
He transferred to Burroughs High before his junior season after his coach at Burbank wanted to convert him into an offensive lineman.
He went to USC on a football scholarship only after attending Glendale Community College for two years.
Earlier this week, defensive end Anthony Smith patted him on the helmet after Bender delivered a particularly effective block.
He was with the Kansas City Chiefs last season and was placed on injured reserve after breaking his right ankle.
He rejoined the team after the All-Star break.
L.A. BROADCAST LEGEND JIM HEALY DIES AT 70 LOS ANGELES  (BC-GEN-HEALY-OBIT-LADN) Jim Healy, who for much of his 30-plus years of bombastic broadcasting in Los Angeles gained fame for rattling the cages of sports figures as well as those in his own profession, died Friday morning at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Beverly Hills after a year-long fight with liver cancer.
Jim Healy began working in Los Angeles in the mid 1940s as a sportswriter at the old Hollywood Citizen-News after graduating from UCLA.
He is, after all, 17.
Astacio was gone after two innings, en route to losing his third consecutive start.
But Montreal added a run in the fifth when Grissom singled home Sean Berry, and another in the sixth when Cordero hit a sacrifice fly off Rudy Seanez, scoring Alou after two walks and a wild pitch by reliever Omar Daal.
``But everybody in the world knows who Nirvana is, especially after that guy cut his throat or whatever.
Wiley missed most of the morning practice after turning his left ankle.
They'll enjoy this Ring of Honor for long after I'm gone.
Lorraine, making his first major-league start after one relief appearance, allowed eight hits and seven earned runs in 42/3 innings.
As reported in Friday's editions of the Daily News, former Lakers coach Randy Pfund has surfaced as the favorite to replace the fired Bob Weiss after interviewing with general manager Elgin Baylor.
Pfund was fired in March after going 27-37 and replaced by Magic Johnson, who resigned following a 16-game stint (5-11) in charge.
Weiss went 27-55 as the Clippers dropped to last place in the Pacific Division after back-to-back playoff seasons.
Wilkins, the veteran dunk master acquired in a February trade for Danny Manning, predictably slammed the Clippers on Friday after signing a three-year, $11-million contract with the Boston Celtics that gives the nine-time All-Star the option to re-negotiate next summer for a wage closer to the $6-7 million annual salary he wants.
Until they get a clue, they're never going to get it right.'' The bitterness Wilkins brought to Los Angeles after his longtime employers, the Atlanta Hawks, dealt him here for the younger Manning has carried over toward the Clippers, who scoffed at Wilkins' suggestion he be paid $18-21 million over three years.
The contract includes a termination clause after the first season that allows Wilkins to become an unrestricted free agent again next year -- when the Celtics would have no spending limit on him.
``It's nice to have, but it's not the most important thing.'' Wilkins feels wanted again, after being shunned by the Hawks after 11{ seasons and haggling with the Clippers throughout his six months in town.
The deficit remained 3 1/2 games after Friday night, when the Mets knocked off the Giants, 6-3, and the Dodgers were routed in Montreal.
The Giants stuck to their no-interview policy for Strawberry, telling everyone to come around after the game, and there was no sign of protest.
But as the health care system tries to become less costly, one company after another is refusing to pay rates that have been raised to cover the uninsured.
Casper came into office after Kennedy -- often provocative and outspoken -- resigned in the wake of allegations that the university had misspent millions of dollars in federal research grants.
For years after World War II, how Germans saw their few resistance heroes depended on where they stood politically.
In the West, a few Social Democrats and the White Rose student resistance movement were honored, but even Chancellor Willy Brandt, who worked in the underground in Norway, was taunted years after by those who thought him a traitor.
On the economic side, after witnessing the German experience, we should be more realistic.'' The reunification of East and West Germany brought about massive unemployment and imposed heavy tax burdens on citizens.
 (BC-KOREA-REVIEW-2NDTAKE-NYT) Even the ``Dear Leader,'' erratic as he is rumored to be, is considered better than the chaos that some analysts feared would erupt within hours after Kim Il Sung was no longer around to hold the country together.
When Hutus fearing retribution for the slaughter of Tutsis began to head into western Rwanda several weeks ago, the staff of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees -- short of money after long crises in Burundi as well as Rwanda -- thought those fleeing would gravitate toward a sanctuary within Rwanda established by French troops south of Lake Kivu.
``We have got to rebuild our humanitarian response capacity from scratch,'' he said, shortly after returning from the Rwanda-Zaire border.
And in country after country, the presence and the paternalistic attitude of American troops and military governors, no matter how noble their stated goals, wounded national pride and fomented a nationalist resistance.
The last time U.S. troops landed on the island of Hispaniola, in the Dominican Republic in 1965, a civilian president elected with two-thirds of the popular vote after a long dictatorship, Juan Bosch, had been overthrown in a coup after only seven months in office and had been replaced by a military-dominated government.
But when Lyndon Johnson sent in more than 20,000 troops, it was not to restore Bosch to power; it was to prevent the constitutional president from returning to office after his supporters began a rebellion.
Monday's bomb exploded two years after a similar unsolved car bomb exploded 16 blocks away, destroying the Israeli embassy and killing 30 people.
Although Jupiter and its moons have been studied ever since Galileo invented the telescope, data collected during and after the impacts may reveal details about the planet's atmosphere and its inner structure and that of comets.
On July 29, 1993, a month after Superior Court Judge Martha Goldin issued the custody order, Catherine Thomas kidnapped Courtney, then age 5, and spirited her across country under an assumed name.
On April 5, Courtney came through with flying colors after a heart operation to correct congenital defects.
Kevin Thomas located them after an exhaustive and costly search.
The mother said she cannot afford to pay for a security guard to supervise visits with her daughter, but hopes her financial situation will improve after her marriage.
On July 29, 1993, a month after Superior Court Judge Martha Goldin issued the custody order, Catherine Thomas kidnapped Courtney, then age 5, and spirited her across country under an assumed name.
On April 5, Courtney came through with flying colors after a heart operation to correct congenital defects.
Kevin Thomas located them after an exhaustive and costly search.
The mother said she cannot afford to pay for a security guard to supervise visits with her daughter, but hopes her financial situation will improve after her marriage.
Cochran helped create a special team to investigate officer-involved shootings -- a response to the controversial 1979 death of Eulia Love, an African-American woman shot by police after she threatened them with a kitchen knife.
That same year, the California Trial Lawyers Association named him its ``Outstanding Law Enforcement Officer.'' Nine years after he left the district attorney's office in 1981, the same group named him ``Attorney of the Year'' -- largely because of his success in pursuing police misconduct cases.
police claimed had hung himself in a jail cell after he was arrested for speeding in 1981.
``It's got another life,'' he said, suggesting that consumers may put a sprig of basil and some oil in it after the wine's gone.
Activities include producing maps showing ``safe corridors'' for students who walk to school, monitoring adults who pick up children after school, and helping crossing guards.
It's their nature,'' Weatherwax explained, as Lassie and Mel settled down for a nap after the photo session.
But after a stint in the military, he began helping out with the dogs ``for a temporary thing, and I got so I liked it, so 33 years later the temporary thing is this.'' Lassie, his mother, his father and a brother who does stand-in work are among 19 dogs on Weatherwax's 3{-acre ranch in Canyon Country.
Instead of overpowering the audience as it has night after night in its Broadway run, this ``Tommy'' can't hope to fill the vacuum with which the Amphitheatre's size saddles it.
Instead, after the first three tests failed to produce even a near miss, Star Wars officials took other measures, which the report characterized as enhancements.
David Pryor, D-Ark., who requested the General Accounting Office investigation after his staff heard the original accusations last year, said he remained convinced that the enhancements made to the fourth and final test were part of a pattern of deception.
The target's explosion was to simulate the effect of a strike by the interceptor.'' That plan to blow up the target missile was abandoned, the report said, after the first two Homing Overlay flights missed by too wide a margin to fool anyone.
``Test personnel said the wiring to the explosives was removed for the final two flights,'' the report said, ``but the explosive material was not removed.'' In 1984, after the third Homing Overlay Experiment test failed, ``steps were taken to make it easier for the interceptor's sensor to find the target'' in the fourth and final test, the report said.
``Is there anything else you think we should be doing?'' Bentsen, who also serves as chairman of the Oversight Board of the Resolution Trust Corporation, appeared to be angry and surprised after the meetings were publicly disclosed at a Senate hearing on Feb.
Though the Korean locale has been changed to the gulf, the original Condon title is justified, if lamely, by the fact that after their capture by Shiite guerrillas, Raymond, Ben and their comrades are shipped off for brainwashing to the Manchurian Institute for Behavioral Science.
It was so named, says one of its doctors, ``in the 1950s for the revolutionary work by our colleagues during the North Korean War of Independence.'' It's not easy updating a novel as closely integrated with a particular time and place as ``The Manchurian Candidate.'' Lahr's adaptation was first done in England in 1991, not long after the end of the hostilities in the gulf, and more recently in Los Angeles.
So I've been very pleasantly surprised by the things that have happened in my career.'' He made one move after another, he pointed out, with no particular plan in mind, seizing opportunities as they arose.
But vinyl lovers claim that analog sound is warmer, more ``musical.'' The perfection of digital, they say, is sterile and ``fatiguing'' after repeated listening.
His indictment, which was released last September, labeled Liu a ``chief conspirator'' and accused him of involvement in ``organizing and leading a counterrevolutionary group.'' Wei, who was released from prison last September after serving all but six months of a 15-year sentence, was detained again in April after he resumed his public criticism of the government.
The other defendants include Wang Guoqi, 31, a printing-plant worker who served two years in prison after he was arrested in 1989 for printing leaflets protesting the Tiananmen crackdown; Wang Tiancheng, 29, a law lecturer at Beijing University, who was arrested just as he was about to leave for Germany for a visiting scholarship, and Hu Shenglun, 38, a lecturer at the Beijing Languages Institute.
``Black Beauty'' achieved its peak popularity shortly after publication (when it greatly influenced the treatment of carriage horses), and there was a resurgence of interest in the book in this country in the 1950s.
Merrylegs, the dapple gray pony who befriends Black Beauty at the first stable, was played by a Shetland-Welsh pony cross that Ms. Thompson took home after the shooting, to join her other three horses.
``Black Beauty'' achieved its peak popularity shortly after publication (when it greatly influenced the treatment of carriage horses), and there was a resurgence of interest in the book in this country in the 1950s.
Merrylegs, the dapple gray pony who befriends Black Beauty at the first stable, was played by a Shetland-Welsh pony cross that Ms. Thompson took home after the shooting, to join her other three horses.
And after Steve Jobs's company, Next Inc.
in the mid-80s and sold as DR-DOS, it changed names after Novell acquired Digital Research in 1992.
 (BC-MEXICO-TV-CAMPAIGN-ART-2NDTAKE-NYT) Underscoring television's power, Diego Fernandez de Cevallos of the conservative National Action Party shot from a distant third in most polls to challenge Zedillo after a strong showing against him and Cardenas in Mexico's first televised presidential debate.
Right before or after the reports, the network often broadcasts paid Zedillo campaign commercials with more warm praise from men and women on the street.
It said the University of Utah was aware of the falsifications after it investigated the case, but falsely assured the National Institutes of Health that Ninnemann had corrected his statements.
Net income for the latest quarter was $138.1 million, or $1.16 a share, in contrast to the net loss of $188.3 million in last year's third quarter, after special charges to cover layoffs and the revamping.
``I had been recommending the stock, but feeling like there was a bunker mentality about it.'' Drawing credit for Apple's apparent turnaround is Michael Spindler, a German who was head of Apple's European business before becoming president last summer and eventually also assuming the title of chief executive after Sculley left the company last fall.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Several analysts noted that Apple seems poised to move forward on a recovery track in much the same fashion as Compaq Computer Corp., which has been financially rejuvenated since Eckhard Pfeiffer took over as chief executive two years ago after heading Compaq's European operations.
The brokerage firms themselves will develop and run, as frequently as they see fit, the how-a-product-works training after an education plan is approved by the NASD.
But all the nation's brokers would potentially have to be schooled in the regulatory program in their second, third and fifth years after having earned their licenses.
According to the magazine reports, one of the key witnesses, Francesco Nanocchio, a Finance Guard auditor, was arrested last April on suspicion that he pocketed the equivalent of $1,600 in bribes paid by Sciascia after a favorable audit of Edilnord, a real estate group controlled by Berlusconi's younger brother, Paolo.
According to the reports, after months of detention in a northern Italian military prison, Finance Guard officials began talking early this month with magistrates from Di Pietro's team.
The volume of vehicles reaching the market after a two- or three-year lease will more than double this year to 1,073,000, according to Art Spinella, vice president and general manager of CNW Marketing/Research, a Bandon, Ore., company that tracks leasing.
Shapiro had approached Ito about an item of evidence he had uncovered, and after a closed hearing, the judge named a retired judge, Delbert Wong, to receive and seal the item.
Wednesday he finished second in a two-man final sprint and beat on his handlebars in frustration, Thursday he finished first after a solo breakaway and Friday he overwhelmed the field in an Alpine race from Cluses to Morzine-Avoriaz.
That problem is on the front burner right now, especially after PaineWebber Group announced it would spend $180 million, on top of the $90 million or so it has already spent, to bail out its short-term government bond fund.
The power windows could be operated for a minute after the engine was turned off.
VEHICLE PRICING SERVICES  (BC-CAR-SMART-PRICE-$ADV24-NYT) After seeing one friend after another get buried by slick salesmen and hidden costs while purshasing new cars, Marc Guy decided it wouldn't happen to him.
Picking up the scent, Showtime recently asked a handful of well-known directors to remake 1950s B movies for a new series, ``Rebel Highway.'' ``People think of the 20 years after the war as this Eisenhower, golf, `Leave It to Beaver,' plastic sort of time, but there was a real undercurrent of sex, violence, mystery and exploitation,'' said Alan Betrock, an archivist who publishes collectors' guides to popular scandal and girlie magazines like Confidential, Dare, Glance and Naked Truth.
The cult of Ms. Page eclipses even that of Ed Wood Jr. Almost 40 years after she withdrew into obscurity, her star shines more brightly than it ever did in her brief heyday, from 1951 to 1957.
Later this month, St. Martin's Press will publish ``Betty Page Confidential,'' a collection of essays and photographs made after she fled New York.
With these people in mind, King Hussein told reporters at his news conference Wednesday that ``I am proud of the reaction of the overwhelming majority of people in the country, their maturity and their trust.'' The king, who came to power in Jordan at the age of 16 in 1952, a year after his grandfather, King Abdullah, was assassinated in front of his eyes by a Palestinian at Al Aksa mosque in Jerusalem, seems more popular than Arafat himself among the broad masses of Palestinians.
Those officials project that the crowds will get even bigger after a permanent casino is completed in 1995 at a cost of $300 million.
But suddenly, after mediation by former President Jimmy Carter, North Korea's hard-line leader, Kim Il Sung, took a sharp conciliatory turn.
The meetings with the United States began July 8, and after one day U.S. officials said they were encouraged.
Where will we go after this?
And current players, the post-Magic Johnson generation, look over the ``ladies in the lobby'' after a game and sadly say, ``She ain't worth dying for.'' The ace closer, Rod Beck, 25, like most players, steers the conversation away from homosexual AIDS, particularly toward his own interest in pediatric AIDS.
I thought he left after he finished talking, so I told the kids the story.
The Jets, after all, finished at the bottom of the league in kickoff returns, and only the Patriots were worse in the conference in field-goal percentage.
When Coslet was named head coach after Joe Walton was dismissed following the 1989 campaign, Carroll was the first assistant named.
``We were told that the check would be coming, the check would be coming.'' Harvard established that the money was gone just after Lee and Sword graduated.
Shortly after the Beverly Hills store opening, Gene Pressman, the 43-year-old co-chief executive and grandson of the founder, Barney Pressman, surveyed the company's accomplishments with a sense of family pride.
The questions were prompted by a stream of reports of late payments to suppliers, which first surfaced last fall after the New York store opened.
According to those statements, Barneys had about $30 million in cash on hand at the end of last year, after it had paid its credit lines down to zero, as required by its bank agreements.
The payment fiasco at Barneys, most of all, seems to be explained by how long the single-store mentality dominated the company's operating style -- well after Barneys had expanded beyond its heritage as lone store on Seventh Avenue in New York City.
Ms. Barshefsky's comments, made at a news conference at the U.S. consulate in Hong Kong on Saturday morning, came after a visit to Beijing, where she outlined the administration's demands for changes in China's trade policies and enforcement of laws that it has already enacted.
JURY IGNORES JUDGE TO SET AWARD IN BENNINGTON SUIT RUTLAND, Vt., July 22  (BC-VT-SEX-CASE-AWARD-NYT) A federal jury here has awarded $500,000 in back pay to a former theater professor, Leroy Logan, who sued Bennington College for dismissing him after he was accused of sexually assaulting a male student.
Part of it is that people no longer trust authority or institutions.'' Logan, now a movie script reader in Los Angeles, exclaimed after the verdict, ``God bless Vermont jurors.'' He said in an interview afterward that he did not plan to seek to return to his job at Bennington.
Logan, who acknowledged being homosexual during the hearings on the case, was dismissed in June 1990 by the president of Bennington College, Elizabeth Coleman, after a college committee of faculty, staff and students found that he had sexually assaulted a student, identified only as ``D.S.,'' after a Thanksgiving Day party in 1989 that took place while Logan was leading a drama program during a semester in Wales.
Michel of Illinois is retiring after this session of Congress, and Gingrich is assured of getting the top spot.
Nobody is smart enough to write a comprehensive bill.' '' On Friday, after the House had completed its regular business for the week, Gingrich took the floor and proposed the legislative equivalent of a duel.
He suggested that the Democrats and Republicans put their versions of health legislation forward before the August congressional recess and that the House vote on one or the other, with no amendments allowed, the first week after Congress returns in September.
Bill Green, who dropped out of the Republican race for governor in June after finishing last in four-way balloting at the Republican State Convention.
King, a 70-year-old rancher with a folksy style and the reputation of a deal-making politician, appears to be vulnerable after a bruising Democratic primary.
Although the 49-year-old Pataki spent three years as mayor of Peekskill in Westchester County and eight years in the Assembly before joining the state Senate in 1992, his record began to receive serious scrutiny only after he was designated the Republican Party's gubernatorial candidate as its state convention in May.
Cuomo aides have suggested that Pataki should be held responsible for the 21 percent increase in 1982 because he did nothing to change it after taking the oath on Jan.
After all, they have said, Pataki and the new Republican majority on the Council changed spending priorities in the budget after taking office.
He reopened that budget and he didn't cut spending to give the tax money back the next year.'' Said Pataki: ``They're trying to backtrack after making a major distortion.'' 
It has also agreed for the same reason to defer questions about the way in which Nussbaum disposed of Whitewater files belonging to Vincent Foster, the deputy White House counsel, after he committed suicide last July.
 (BC-BBA-YANKS-SHOWALTER-1000(2takes)-NYT) After Buck Showalter analyzes and analyzes the videotape of another Yankees game that will turn his eyes into a convincing commercial for Visine, after he consumes another room-service meal that does not rival Le Cirque and before he crumples into another hotel bed, he compiles a list of what he wants to accomplish the next day: -- Talk to Mattingly about wrist.
On April 23 at Yankee Stadium, Van Poppel walked the first four Yankees, then yielded Paul O'Neill's grand slam and departed after two-thirds of an inning.
Had Polonia not hesitated, he might have scored from second, because McGwire is in poor position after he fields the initial throw to first base and Showalter had alerted the Yankees about his suspect arm.
He recalls that La Russa has previously attempted steals against the Yankees after pitchers threw twice to first base.
Showalter addresses him after the inning, a rarity for the manager during games.
Some nights, after the videotapes and the room service, he probably does.
But after that, who knows what will happen to us.'' Thus far, no priests have been killed.
The newspaper suspended publication for more than six months after a series of political killings last fall, and complains that its vendors have been beaten when they try to sell copies on the street.
PETERSBURG, Russia  (BC-GOODWILL-GAMES-572(2TAKES)-NYT) The first Goodwill Games after the end of the Cold War began Saturday with a bow to the winning side.
The founder of Turner Broadcasting Systems and CNN created the Goodwill Games in 1986 after boycotts marred the 1980 and 1984 Olympics.
He paid only $2 for his ticket, which he obtained after dozens of tickets were suddenly made available to his hospital union the night before the match.
Up the road, nearly a thousand refugees waited after crossing rough terrain.
 (BC-MASS-SHOOTING-757(2TAKES)-NYT) A month after Officer Donald Brown's welcome-back party, people here are still talking about it.
Israeli entry restrictions, imposed in recent years after a series of lethal Palestinian attacks, gradually whittled down the number of Gazans working in Israel to about 20,000 -- a third what it was before the Persian Gulf war in 1991.
``Thurman got us into the Super Bowl with a team, record-breaking rushing day of 186 yards against Kansas City, and then in the Super Bowl, after his second fumble, I made a mistake,'' Levy said.
``I usually leave a player alone after he makes a mistake because no one feels worse than he does.
The founders of Logos Resources developed their software for their own use, after being dissatisfied with what was commercially available.
With a newly streamlined division handling national security policy, communication with the White House has improved dramatically after some initial stumbles.
His concern about North Korea's nuclear program is deeply influenced by regrets that the Carter administration, which needed Pakistan's help after the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan, failed to prevent Pakistan from building its nuclear program in the late 1970s.
Visibly exhausted, Deutch was forced to ask for a postponement after testifying for 15 minutes.
An earlier version of the robot tried a similar feat a year and a half ago on Mount Erebus in Antarctica, but that mission was cut short after the robot advanced only 28 feet.
``After the last time around, I had a lot of soul-searching to do about whether to come back or not,'' Rowland said after the nomination was won.
You try to organize it, and one hour it's going good and after one hour it's disorganized again.'' Ms. Klaus's job Saturday was to supervise a new crew of nurses trained as nutritionists.
An interpreter volunteered the word ``inzira'' and the crowd parted at mention of the word as the nurses carted body after body to a roadside collection point where they begin to pile up like cords of firewood.
The big planes, which include American C-5As and C-141s as well as Russian Antonov-124s, are landing in Nairobi after flights from Frankfurt; Bordeaux, France; Zagreb, Croatia; Luxembourg and other European locations.
``They present difficulties for us, because while the Red Cross is extremely interested in having them there, they must be looked after too.'' McDermott of Unicef said the U.S. military in Germany was transporting Unicef trucks to Goma as well as collapsible water tanks, emergency tents, food for children, rehydration solution packets for fighting cholera, big plastic containers to ship water, jerrycans, disinfectants, syringes and needles, and 20 hospital tents.
``They are Jordanians, and we are their family.'' This morning, after several hours of interrogations, Abequa confessed to strangling his wife, said Lt. Gen.
The Abequa family's assertion came one day after Judge Karen Russell of the New Jersey Superior Court appointed Nesime Dokur, the sister of the slain mother, as the children's legal guardian.
The government may also intervene and hand them back to the United States.'' The children's odyssey began almost three weeks ago when the police in New Jersey began searching for Abequa just hours after the body of his Turkish-born wife, Nihal, was discovered in the bedroom of her apartment in the town of Parsippany-Troy Hills on July 6.
On Thursday, 1,243 passengers who had cruised to Bermuda aboard the Horizon were returned to New York on chartered flights or on another ship after the Centers for Disease Control confirmed the presence of the DNA of Legionella bacteria in several places on the 12-deck Horizon, primarily in the 1,800-ton water system.
The Legionnaires' bacteria were found in an investigation begun on July 16 by the CDC after three passengers from a previous cruise were admitted to a New Jersey hospital with symptoms of the disease.
But, he added, they have also become more socially acceptable after having been installed in public buildings such as hotels and offices as a result of federal disability laws.
Too many home-based accidents by the elderly, she said, could be eliminated if the dangers were identified and corrected in advance -- not left ``until after something terrible has happened.'' 
The program is being financed by federal funds -- $7 million this year and a hoped for $10 million next year -- with the expectation that after two years successful services will be supported by private sources, Harf added.
Bavasi's boldest and most debated move came barely four months after he replaced the well-respected Whitey Herzog, when he fired popular manager Buck Rodgers and hired Marcel Lachemann.
The Giants were last in the NL West and 9{ games behind Los Angeles when they promoted the ex-Dodger after just three games at Class AAA Phoenix.
The District Attorney's Office will not decide whether to seek the death penalty in the Simpson case for several weeks and may wait until trial, said Assistant District Attorney Frank Sundstedt, who makes the final decision on capital cases after an 8-member committee considers penalty options.
He pleaded not guilty in Municipal Court after his arrest last month.
Even Laura Davies, who should be long gone after her round of 75, is only five strokes back.
``But, hopefully, I can just kind of try and forget what happened today and find some new strength for tomorrow.'' One year ago at Crooked Stick Golf Club in Indianapolis, Alfredsson led after three rounds of the United States Open.
Now she trails by two strokes after a Saturday collapse that was like watching a race car blow a tire and run into the wall.
AFTER 4 HOURS OF DELAYS, METS LOSE TO THE GIANTS, 4-2 NEW YORK  (BC-BBN-METS-GIANTS-NYT) To those 28,000 or so who abandoned Shea Stadium on Saturday in that awful rain, some after waiting three hours, we have astounding news for you.
On Friday night, he left after five innings because of back spasms described as minor.
Klar has also fully built out and sold a 41-unit single-family project called Longmeadow at Commack less than a year after starting sales there in a joint venture with Euram.
But after two years of sporadic success, the joy of swimming left Van Dyken stranded in Tucson.
But after renewing her acquaintance with Colorado State coach John Mattos last fall, Van Dyken decided to give swimming another try.
1 GIRL DIES, 10 HURT IN FATAL CRASH ON TEAM ROAD TRIP LOS ANGELES  (BC-FATAL-TRIP-LADN) An 11-year-old girl was killed and nine of her teammates injured when a van carrying a Lynwood basketball team to Las Vegas flipped over after a coach apparently fell asleep at the wheel, Nevada authorities said.
Five ambulances carried the injured to two Las Vegas hospitals after the crash, which took place about 6:40 a.m. close to 10 miles north of the city.
Allen was hospitalized in serious condition after the crash, he said.
The other coach, Ellis Barfield, 29, and a 15-year-old girl were released after being treated at Valley Hospital Medical Center, a hospital spokeswoman said.
He practiced on his own from 1978 into the 1990s, after being of counsel to Winer, Neuburger & Sive from 1972 to 1978; a partner in Brown, Carlino & Emmanuel from 1965 to 1972, and a partner in Manning, Hollinger & Shea from 1958 to 1965.
It was after John's barons rose against him that he was obliged to issue Magna Carta, a charter that limited the powers of the king and established citizens' rights under the law.
Republican National Committee chairman Haley Barbour was enthusiastic after the meeting, saying he felt ``we hit 1,000 percent.
So, that June after being taken by St. Louis in the 10th round of the draft, he went to Johnson City, Tenn., and played baseball.
Coleman signed as a free-agent with New York after the 1990 season and endured three years of misery with the Mets.
Newton worked with Bo Jackson after his hip was replaced.
She bought this house, known as ``South House,'' five years after Cole's death, with her third husband, whom she says was ``a writer who didn't like living in Nat Cole's shoes'' and declines to name.
They were divorced after seven years, and Mrs.
``But after all, they all live so far away.'' Her daughter Timolin lives in Vero Beach, Fla., and the rest of the children: her adopted son, Nat Kelly Cole; Carole, her sister's daughter whom she adopted; Timolin's twin sister, Casey (named for Yankees manager Casey Stengel); and Natalie, the recording star, live on the West Coast.
``But after he'd met me and we'd talked, he said: `I think I'll stay, because you're a lady,' and you know, even now, he still calls me `Mrs.
``They can't sell it, but they're on airplanes, they're on buses, they're on automobiles -- even on foot, they can't sell a bad bill because the American people aren't going to buy it.'' Speaking to reporters after his speech, Dole stopped short of saying efforts to win approval of a bill this year should be abandoned.
It made me responsible, and it taught me to look after other people besides myself, especially when they can't do for themselves.
Life and living is after you live here on earth, and if you live right and keep God in your life, you will have eternal life.
Not that it wants players whizzing around the courses on motorcycles or showing up in clown suits (Payne Stewart's are bizarre enough), but, after all, it's a jungle of trees and rough and swamps out there.
He didn't walk off the course in the middle of a round, as he did last year in a fit of frustration that led to a four-month Professional Golfers' Association Tour suspension, but he slopped his way through the last round as if, one witness wrote, ``he was double parked.'' He quit again Thursday night after a first-round 75 in the New England Classic.
Therefore in the summer after his retirement from baseball, he realized that the only thing he missed was Wrigley Field on an August afternoon.
Therefore after two years as a reporter with KFMB-TV, CBS's affiliate in San Diego, he quit so he could return to baseball.
The Giants were last in the NL West and 9{ games behind Los Angeles when they promoted the ex-Dodger after just three games at Class AAA Phoenix.
The price home-dish owners pay for the season-long service is $99, but it goes up to $139 after Aug.
And the Dodgers, who have scored four runs in their last 24 innings, managed none against left-hander Jeff Fassero (8-6), nor against right-handers Mel Rojas and John Wetteland, who relieved Fassero after he pulled a back muscle in the seventh.
You gotta try something.'' Lasorda, who after Friday's 8-2 loss here spoke of his desire to leap off a building, was even thinking of trying something new.
A Hershiser start Tuesday would come 10 days after the injury, which therapist Pat Screnar said would be as quick a recovery one could hope for with such an injury.
``We'll have a much clearer picture after he throws from the mound, because a lot of things do change when you throw off an incline.
The former Hart High School standout wasn't at all disappointed in the abilities of major-league hitters after making his first pitching start at the big-league level Friday night.
By the time Angels starter Brian Anderson left after 42/3 innings, New York had a 7-0 lead.
Anderson, struggling to find a groove after an early season thumb injury, gave up 11 hits and seven earned runs and extended the ignominious club record for consecutive games allowing a home run to 16.
Anderson showed signs of settling down by striking out Pat Kelly and, after walking Williams, striking out Boggs.
(HarperCollins, $24.) A woman tries to cope after an act of violence destroys her perfect family life.
The experiences of women after the deaths of their mothers.
	(Pocket, $6.99) A mother and her teen-age 	daughter go on a spree after winning 	$60 million in a lottery.
	The author examines the arguments of those who insist that the Nazi campaign of genocide against the Jews never happened, tracing them from the pro-German statements of former isolationists after World War II to ``scholarly'' attempts to debunk the Holocaust in the United States today.
12, Gingrich would debate the president, and then members of Congress would choose between unamended versions of the two bills after Labor Day.
(New Line, a major movie company, is swimming in money after its purchase in January by Ted Turner, the media mogul.) And a third factor is Hollywood's relentless pursuit of bloody dramas.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) But it was New Line that prevailed, after hours of meetings at ICM on Thursday.
A dominant reason was, of course, the money, the most paid for a script after Joe Eszterhas's $3 million for ``Basic Instinct.'' Greenblatt said New Line had also pledged that filming would begin shortly, for release next summer, and that the director Renny Harlin and Ms. Davis, to whom Harlin is married, would probably direct and star in it.
``I wrote my name in the shallow end,'' joked Melvin Stewart, after winning the men's 200-meter butterfly.
Then, after a campaign marked by dirty tricks and racial undertones, he easily won the run-off.
Only after elected, he said, would he form a coalition of politicians to back his program.
Two possible endings are prepared for each episode, and the ``winning'' conclusion is shown after the final commercial break.
He went after the president of the CBS television network, Peter Lund, last month, offering him the top job at the Fox network.
What went through my mind was that this might not be a hired performer after all.
And he did smile after he mounted the victory podium and beamed when he and the other Banesto riders took a victory lap on the Champs-Elysees.
The 7.2 percent increase, coming after two years of much less growth, matched some of the better years of the 1980s.
The investment surge, after two years of relatively little growth, coincides with incipient recoveries in Europe and Japan after periods of recession.
``The problem with those little glossy things is that they don't get there until a month, or a month and a half after we've reported,'' said Gordon Casey, chief of investor relations for Intel.
``We have had people who are still paying their mortgage years after the loan should have been paid.'' Adjustable-rate mortgages, particularly those made in the late 1980s, account for many of the reported problems.
Generally, at the end of a year, after property taxes and insurance premiums are paid, an escrow account balance should not exceed two months of payments.
``It is against the law for anyone to go after someone for an undercharge.'' 
We fought a war that more and more Americans came to regard as a mistake, costing thousands of lives even after we decided to get out.
``I don't think we're seeing much progress,'' he said about two hours after the Sinn Fein position was made clear after a daylong conference of 800 party members in the provincial town of Letterkenny, in the northwest of Ireland near the border with Northern Ireland.
Thirty years after his graduation, the boy who sometimes thought of himself as ``the fat kid in the band'' returned here as a man who has certainly succeeded.
``I get very homesick,'' he told a local reporter after he arrived, ``homesick for my friends and for the place and also for the ability to communicate directly with people.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
On Sunday morning he sat under a tree up the street on the Zairian side of the border, waiting hopefully for the Zairians to open it, which they did shortly after noon.
We would have prayed for him, and we would have wrapped him in good clothes.'' On Sunday after entering Rwanda, Mrs.
Among their myriad frustrations, he said, was the insurance company's willingness to pay $150 a month -- year after year -- to rent a hospital bed while it refused to cover a one-time $350 bill to buy a used bed.
``The troops no longer are retreating,'' he said cheerfully, after warning them about the crowd of about 50 people outside, about half of them protesters.
``But they lost those two guys and then lost another one after the season.
``People don't realize the importance of this game in this series,'' Mike Hargrove, the Indians' manager, said after his hitters slugged six home runs, three by third baseman Jim Thome.
The food drop here came hours after 500 tons of food was delivered on Sunday by truck from Uganda and 40 tons had been distributed to refugees.
``This is the dream of my life,'' Ms. Bingaman, 51, the assistant attorney general, said in her Southwestern twang a few days after announcing that the government had forced Microsoft Corp., the software giant, to change some of the ways it does business.
On the sidelines, players halted their jawing, or raised themselves after being hunched over from fatigue, when Tony Meola was about to attempt to kick a field goal.
But another seemed to go on forever after bisecting the uprights.
What the heck's the Patriots to him after he played Brazil?'' On another part of the field, Marvin Jones was eavesdropping.
He learned something about himself after last season's bittersweet taste.
A fishing yacht, named Pilar after Hemingway's famous boat, runs nostalgia cruises.
He was supposed to rest and relax after getting his 2,000th hit against the Angels Saturday night.
Mattingly, who had openly discussed the dwindling days left in his career after he secured his 2,000th hit Saturday, did not look like a player who was ready to retire after getting No. 2,001 on Sunday.
``It just goes to show you what kind of competitor Bonds is,'' said Mets Manager Dallas Green, who summoned Franco from the bullpen after Josias Manzanillo loaded the bases.
To add to the drama, the Giants have won 12 of 14 games since the arrival of Darryl Strawberry, who was signed by San Francisco after the Dodgers sent him packing with a reported $5 million settlement and a storm of criticism.
Manzanillo thought the move was obvious and, after the game, Patterson did not make much of an effort to defend himself against the charge.
That's what they're looking for, especially after 0-2.'' The eighth-inning theatrics snatched the hero's mantle from Mets catcher Todd Hundley, who had capped a three-run seventh inning with a two-run home run to right field to put the Mets ahead, 6-5.
It took the Mets 47 home games to reach that mark; last season, the Mets reached one million on July 3, after 40 home dates.
It has drawn renewed attention after the crash of a USAir jet in Charlotte, N.C., three weeks ago in which wind shear is suspected.
Unisys had originally bid to build the FAA's radar, but after losing to Raytheon it decided to pursue a less expensive design intended for small airports that could not afford the FAA's system.
The city's airport had been fifth on the schedule to receive the radar, but was bumped to 38th after the agency ran into problems buying land.
``Maybe these kids ought to know that a life in science isn't necessarily one awards ceremony after the next,'' said Popov.
And it certainly sets the stage for a peace treaty, which both countries have said could come shortly.'' The declaration comes 15 years after the signing of a peace treaty between Egypt and Israel at the White House in March 1979.
You have to broadcast every day -- we don't.'' A strong declaration of peace by Hussein will help ease residual distrust of him in Congress for his tacit support for Iraqi President Saddam Hussein after the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait in 1990 and the king's opposition to the deployment of American troops in Saudi Arabia during the Persian Gulf war that followed.
They are going to name their boy Mickey, after Mantle.
Fiascos like the Paine Webber fund bailout have come after the mutual fund industry has experienced unprecedented growth.
But after the Federal Reserve began raising rates in February, the derivatives plunged in value.
Ball, the former chairman and chief executive, after he was forced out early in 1991.
The agreement -- between Ball, the brokerage and its parent, the Prudential Insurance Company of America -- was signed in August 1991, about six months after the announcement of Ball's departure.
William Ahearn, a Prudential spokesman, said the firm turned over the severance agreement to the SEC in March, after a request by the agency.
The partnership division boomed after he became chairman and chief executive of Prudential in 1982.
Liselotte Neumann finished third, four strokes back, after a 69.
Neumann mounted a mini-challenge, but after reaching 3 under par with consecutive birdies at the 14th and 15th, she could not get another one.
Helen Alfredsson, the leader after 36 holes who had opened with a record-setting 63, struggled again.
When she came off after her triple bogey Sunday, she was 1 over par, 14 strokes gone in a span of 18 holes.
Except now, after three months of drug rehab and a nearly $5 million buyout settlement agreed to on May 25, Strawberry wears the uniform of the arch-rival San Francisco Giants.
But it's more important for us to really focus on going after their team, not him, or else you'll find Darryl up in every big situation.'' It hasn't been lost on Dodgers players that the organization is paying more this year to a player leading their archrival against them than they are to any of their own players.
And he recounted a remarkable odyssey after the killing, from New Jersey to Tennessee, then Europe and the Middle East -- and finally Iraq, where he said he was arrested while having an HIV test that is required of foreign visitors.
In the interview at Juweidah Prison, 12 miles south of Amman, he said he had carried out the crime after failing to convince his wife to take him back for the sake of their children.
Therefore I killed her.'' But he said he lost control of his emotions only after concluding that she was involved with another man.
The interview Sunday was conducted after Abequa met with the U.S. Consul in the prison complex.
 (BC-U.S.-JORDAN-KILLER-2NDTAKE-NYT) Abequa, who asked the Jordanian government to provide a lawyer, described the circumstances surrounding the murder shortly after saying noon prayers in a cell that he shares with about 60 other prisoners.
I was the one who bought her a 1991 Pontiac Bonneville.'' The authorities in New Jersey mounted a manhunt for Abequa just hours after the body of his wife was found in the bedroom of her apartment on July 6.
``Then he said he used a plastic bag and then an electric cord to finish her off.'' Abequa left for the United States in 1985 on a tourist visa after working as a mechanic in the Jordanian army for 17 years, he said.
But the marriage began to fall apart after the children were born, he said.
25, a day after a Senate hearing in which he acknowledged under Republican questioning that there had been discussions between Treasury and White House officials about the investigations.
According to Steiner's diary, Altman initially decided to remove himself from the case in late January or early February to avoid the appearance of a conflict of interest, but then decided against it ``under intense pressure from the White House.'' His decision to stay on came after a meeting at the White House attended by Altman; Bernard W.
(Step 2 of how a bill becomes law in the civics textbooks, just after the bill's introduction.) ``It's important that people know the plan is different,'' an administration official said in defense of the strategy.
The destruction requirement was included as part of a severance agreement with George Ball, former chairman, after he was forced out early in 1991.
	International 	Cultures and economic pasts clashed after General Electric acquired Tungsram of Hungary, a maker of light bulbs.
The convention, dubbed Def Con II after a Pentagon phrase referring to stages of readiness, is the largest of a series of eclectic and anarchistic gatherings held by the loosely knit computer underground.
RAYMOND STARTS THINKING, THEN LOSES TO GRAF MAHWAH, N.J.  (BC-TEN-PATHMARK-NYT) After winning her semifinal match in the Pathmark Tennis Classic on Saturday, Steffi Graf said she was just where she wanted to be in terms of progress after a monthlong layoff.
``My mind started getting ahead of me, and that was a mistake,'' said Raymond, who turned professional last summer after winning two straight National Collegiate Athletic Association championships.
The Blues were in mischievous character hiring Mike Keenan as coach and general manager last Sunday, two days after he left the Rangers.
The Blues, led by chairman Mike Shanahan, president Jack Quinn and General Manager Ron Caron, skated into the legal bog that ensued after Keenan jilted the Rangers and boldly claimed Keenan as a maverick all their own.
``It's a very fine instrument,'' Jastrow said Friday after the last fragment had hit.
The comet was discovered by astronomers Carolyn and Eugene Shoemaker and David Levy in March 1993 after it already had a close encounter with Jupiter and been pulled into 21 fragments by the planet's huge gravity field.
``My feeling was that we were going to have to carefully compare before and after pictures of Jupiter to see some changes.
Peter Bessette, managing director of the Piper Jaffray brokerage firm in San Francisco, says the new, higher rates provide ``the most extraordinary opportunity to invest in state-issued bonds that I have seen.'' Last Wednesday, five days after the latest downgrading, the deficit-plagued, cash-hungry state government auctioned what is believed to be the largest muni issue ever -- $4 billion of short-term securities known as revenue-anticipation warrants, scheduled to mature in April 1996.
The state will go back to the trough the day after tomorrow with another huge debt issue -- $3 billion worth of revenue-anticipation notes, maturing next June.
 (BC-COMET-MOUNTWILSON-2ndTake-LADN) It was there, sitting night after night in a cage at the telescope's Newtonian focus point 40 feet above the observation deck, that Edwin P.
``It will give us an image as sharp as the Hubble Space Telescope yields after it was fixed,'' Jastrow said.
More than a decade ago, Hawkins founded Electronic Arts in San Mateo, Calif., which has since become the second-largest video game software company in the United States, after Acclaim of Oyster Bay, N.Y. At EA -- from which Hawkins resigned as chairman in June -- and 3DO, he established a reputation for creating a cult-like environment into which his employees pour their talent, just as investors pour in their money.
He died after a brief illness, said his son, David.
The strains at the university during Bush-Brown's time there included faculty strikes at the Brooklyn campus, a deficit in 1983 after years of surpluses and a critical accreditation report in 1983 from the Middle States Commission on Higher Education.
An injection of energy into the talks might bring a ban into effect by August 1995 -- 50 years after the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Elton John, who is likely to tour on his own early next year after his next solo album comes out, played only three recent songs, ``Can You Feel the Love Tonight'' from ``The Lion King'' soundtrack and ``Simple Life'' and ``The One,'' from his last solo album, ``The One.'' Billy Joel, who wrapped up his ``River of Dreams'' tour last spring, performed only two songs from that album, the title track and ``Lullaby (Good Night, My Angel).'' The concert had four sections, with Joel and John onstage together in the beginning, followed by John and his band, Joel and his band, and, for an encore, both musicians and their bands together.
INMATE SHOT BY OFFICER AT HOSPITAL NEW YORK  (BC-NY-INMATE-SHOT-270&ADD-NYT) A Rikers Island inmate who was awaiting treatment at Kings County Hospital Center in Brooklyn was shot and wounded by a correction officer early Sunday after he tried to escape, correction officials said.
The department announced last month after a shooting at the hospital that it would examine its system of classifying ``high risk'' prisoners.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Sunday's escape attempt began about 7 a.m. Rodriguez had been brought to the hospital emergency room after he said he had swallowed a razor blade.
The taxi commission ordered them installed by July after a series of nighttime holdups in which drivers were slain.
The unit is named Grey 18 and Under after its mission, which is to specialize in marketing messages aimed at the nation's estimated 59 million youngsters.
In one recent focus group session, he recalled, after a spot was shown to a group of children, ``an 8- or 9-year-old turned to the moderator and said, `This is an adult writing a commercial to hook me in.''' (STORY CAN END HERE.
HERSHISER IS CLEARED TO RETURN TO STARTING ROTATION MONTREAL  (BC-BBN-DODGERSNOTES-LADN) Orel Hershiser was cleared to return to the starting rotation after a 10-minute throwing session off a bullpen mound Sunday and will pitch Tuesday afternoon's game in San Francisco.
But in a workout Sunday under the watchful eyes of manager Tom Lasorda, pitching coach Ron Perranoski and therapist Pat Screnar, Hershiser convinced his superiors he could pitch on the 10th day after his injury.
	Gene Kelly, the singer, dancer and actor, was hospitalized after he suffered a mild stroke, hospital officials said Sunday in Los Angeles.
Kelly, seated in the audience, stood and exchanged nods with the tenors after they sang his signature song, ``Singin' in the Rain.'' 
Raveling, who hollered long and loud at one of the officials and was warned to cool it, was generous in praising the Russians after the game.
Into that environment, Bratton poured scores of police officers specially trained to go after drugs and guns.
We just gotta play ball and win.'' They had a 1-0 lead in the first inning Sunday after Brett Butler scored on a double-play grounder hit by Tim Wallach, but that was as close as they got.
Floyd reached base after a grounder fielded by first baseman Eric Karros for an apparent out was ruled a foul ball by umpire Larry Vanover.
``I'll know more after the tournament, but (moving the trey line closer) sounds like a real good idea to me,'' Nelson said after practice here Sunday at Moody Bible Institute.
But after they protested to their boss, their job duties were diminished, they were harassed and they were eventually let go, they said.
Last fall, after four decades of costly legal battles, the group was granted a tax exemption by the Internal Revenue Service.
Two months later, after the account was lost and L2 closed, he joined Lintas New York.
	Cole & Weber was awarded the account after a monthlong review that also included DDB Needham Chicago; J.
We just gotta play ball and win.'' They had a 1-0 lead in the first inning Sunday after Brett Butler scored on a double-play grounder hit by Tim Wallach, but that was as close as they got.
Floyd reached base after a grounder fielded by first baseman Eric Karros for an apparent out was ruled a foul ball by umpire Larry Vanover.
Solis has one advantage: He's well-rested after spending four days with his family, visiting Sea World and taking a rare opportunity to overeat.
The pressure was on all the way to the finish of the 1{-mile Sunset, until Semillon and Chris McCarron ran out of turf after threatening to pass Grand Flotilla and Stevens for most of the last 100 yards.
It was tough to restrain him.'' The pace improved after the :25 3/5 opening quarter, but Grand Flotilla and Semillon were able to swoop into contention on the turn for home.
``It shows you how well he pitched, the way they hit us the previous three games and how they hit us after we took him out.'' The Yankees totaled 35 runs on 56 hits and eight home runs in the series, finishing their 11-game road trip at 10-1.
I don't know how many were there (in the ninth inning Sunday), but all of them were pulling for (New York).'' Lachemann said the standing ovation of nearly a minute for Don Mattingly after his 2,000th hit Saturday compared to the relatively short tribute after Chili Davis' 1,000th RBI was another example.
Barely a year old, he ran after a squirrel and got run down by a car.
Here it is, game No. 11 and Abbott is hiding in the visitor's locker room at Anaheim Stadium, having left after eight innings on the wrong side of a two-run lead.
But in helping to secure the Angels' slim margin, Langston had thrown more than 140 pitches and had very little left after retiring the Yankees' leadoff batter in the ninth.
``It was great to watch,'' Abbott said after the Yankees' four-run ninth gave them a 6-4 victory over the Angels and a 10-1 road trip, their best since 1953.
Among their myriad frustrations, he said, was the insurance company's willingness to pay $150 a month -- year after year -- to rent a hospital bed while it refused to cover a one-time $350 bill to buy a used bed.
``The troops no longer are retreating,'' he said cheerfully, after warning them about the crowd of about 50 people outside, about half of them protesters.
Bettman also fined the Rangers $25,000 for filing a lawsuit last Monday against Keenan and his lawyer, Rob Campbell, after asking the commissioner to investigate the matter earlier in the day.
Nedved, 23, a promising center from the Czech Republic, played for Canada in the 1994 Olympics, then signed with the Blues as a free agent after three years with the Vancouver Canucks.
He won his only Stanley Cup against his former team in June, playing surprisingly well after being sparingly used earlier.
HERSHISER IS CLEARED TO RETURN TO STARTING ROTATION MONTREAL  (BC-BBN-DODGERSNOTES-LADN) Orel Hershiser was cleared to return to the starting rotation after a 10-minute throwing session off a bullpen mound Sunday and will pitch Tuesday afternoon's game in San Francisco.
But in a workout Sunday under the watchful eyes of manager Tom Lasorda, pitching coach Ron Perranoski and therapist Pat Screnar, Hershiser convinced his superiors he could pitch on the 10th day after his injury.
The convention, dubbed Def Con II after a Pentagon phrase referring to stages of readiness, is the largest of a series of eclectic and anarchistic gatherings held by the loosely knit computer underground.
Patton has not been on a battlefield since last August, when he was placed in virtual exile after slapping two battle-fatigued soldiers in Sicily.
British forces number 663,000, giving the Allies 1.5 million men in France eight weeks after D-Day.
1, after nine days of fighting.
Others, he said, ``are looking for ways to escape and relax'' after a hard day's work.
It landed on the moon 25 years ago ...'' Monument after monument, exhibit after exhibit, one generation dutifully passed on the lessons of history to the next generation.
It is a wonderful thing to be an American ...'' Time after time, adults bent near to their small children to relate -- almost reverentially -- the history behind the stone, the emotion behind the display.
I'm not suggesting seeing doctor after doctor for a problem that no one can find an answer to for this just wastes everyone's time.
Adhesions are scars that form inside the abdominal cavity after surgery or infections.
It is based on a statement he issued after his bat was brought in for questioning.
-- California Angels President Richard Brown on the club's sliding attendance: ``We could very well win the division without anyone realizing it.'' -- Colorado third baseman Charlie Hayes on how he'd react to winning a Gold Glove: ``I'd have a seizure.'' -- Seattle manager Lou Piniella after his team's stadium started falling apart: ``I guess the performance of the Kingdome has coincided with our performance on the field.'' -- Boston manager Butch Hobson, facing a five-game suspension for bumping an umpire, when told he could take someone along for his Aug.
4 appeal: ``Maybe I'll bring my German shepherd short-hair.'' -- St. Louis manager Joe Torre while celebrating his birthday Monday after a stretch in which his pitchers surrendered 58 runs in five games: ``I'm 94.
``All those antics would get to him, and he'd say to Gaylord, `If you throw one more, I'm coming after you.' Gaylord had him in his hand.
Governments used to do that with their own cash -- as the Marshall Plan rebuilt much of Europe after World War II -- but they don't have it anymore.
Casper came into office after Kennedy -- often provocative and outspoken -- resigned in the wake of allegations that the university had misspent millions of dollars in federal research grants.
	The author examines the arguments of those who insist that the Nazi campaign of genocide against the Jews never happened, tracing them from the pro-German statements of former isolationists after World War II to ``scholarly'' attempts to debunk the Holocaust in the United States today.
(HarperCollins, $24.) A woman tries to cope after an act of violence destroys her perfect family life.
The experiences of women after the deaths of their mothers.
	(Pocket, $6.99) A mother and her teen-age 	daughter go on a spree after winning 	$60 million in a lottery.
For years after World War II, how Germans saw their few resistance heroes depended on where they stood politically.
In the West, a few Social Democrats and the White Rose student resistance movement were honored, but even Chancellor Willy Brandt, who worked in the underground in Norway, was taunted years after by those who thought him a traitor.
When Hutus fearing retribution for the slaughter of Tutsis began to head into western Rwanda several weeks ago, the staff of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees -- short of money after long crises in Burundi as well as Rwanda -- thought those fleeing would gravitate toward a sanctuary within Rwanda established by French troops south of Lake Kivu.
``We have got to rebuild our humanitarian response capacity from scratch,'' he said, shortly after returning from the Rwanda-Zaire border.
And in country after country, the presence and the paternalistic attitude of American troops and military governors, no matter how noble their stated goals, wounded national pride and fomented a nationalist resistance.
The last time U.S. troops landed on the island of Hispaniola, in the Dominican Republic in 1965, a civilian president elected with two-thirds of the popular vote after a long dictatorship, Juan Bosch, had been overthrown in a coup after only seven months in office and had been replaced by a military-dominated government.
But when Lyndon Johnson sent in more than 20,000 troops, it was not to restore Bosch to power; it was to prevent the constitutional president from returning to office after his supporters began a rebellion.
Monday's bomb exploded two years after a similar unsolved car bomb exploded 16 blocks away, destroying the Israeli embassy and killing 30 people.
Although Jupiter and its moons have been studied ever since Galileo invented the telescope, data collected during and after the impacts may reveal details about the planet's atmosphere and its inner structure and that of comets.
On the economic side, after witnessing the German experience, we should be more realistic.'' The reunification of East and West Germany brought about massive unemployment and imposed heavy tax burdens on citizens.
 (BC-KOREA-REVIEW-2NDTAKE-NYT) Even the ``Dear Leader,'' erratic as he is rumored to be, is considered better than the chaos that some analysts feared would erupt within hours after Kim Il Sung was no longer around to hold the country together.
But as the health care system tries to become less costly, one company after another is refusing to pay rates that have been raised to cover the uninsured.
 (BC-BOYS-REVIEW-2NDTAKE-NYT) The result is that the infant male brain is a bit less flexible, less able to repair itself after slight injury that might come, for example, during the arduous trek down the birth canal.
The industry also wants to spray carcasses with antimicrobial acid solutions after slaughter (although it is not clear that this has much effect against E.
The industry also wants to spray carcasses with antimicrobial acid solutions after slaughter (although it is not clear that this has much effect against E.
Yet, more than a decade after this policy was adopted as part of the war on drugs, cocaine and heroin are cheaper, purer and easier to find than ever; and the nation's violent crime rate has budged not a jot.
Yet, more than a decade after this policy was adopted as part of the war on drugs, cocaine and heroin are cheaper, purer and easier to find than ever; and the nation's violent crime rate has budged not a jot.
Yet, more than a decade after this policy was adopted as part of the war on drugs, cocaine and heroin are cheaper, purer and easier to find than ever; and the nation's violent crime rate has budged not a jot.
Then ``employee assistance'' often meant a hunt for problem workers by rummaging through personnel files and looking for patterns, such as a pronounced tendency to be ill on Mondays or the day after getting paid (both of which were supposed to be tip-offs for alcoholism).
Then ``employee assistance'' often meant a hunt for problem workers by rummaging through personnel files and looking for patterns, such as a pronounced tendency to be ill on Mondays or the day after getting paid (both of which were supposed to be tip-offs for alcoholism).
Then ``employee assistance'' often meant a hunt for problem workers by rummaging through personnel files and looking for patterns, such as a pronounced tendency to be ill on Mondays or the day after getting paid (both of which were supposed to be tip-offs for alcoholism).
Provided the world can make it beyond September, maybe the end is not nigh after all.
Provided the world can make it beyond September, maybe the end is not nigh after all.
Yet, each time, after a brief period of downward profit-revisions and warnings about radical restructuring, investors somehow regain confidence in the industry's prospects -- and the money-guzzling biotech machine surges into action once again.
This week the share price of Synergen, a firm based in Boulder, Colo., halved after its septic-shock drug, Antril, failed another test and the firm discontinued it.
On July 18 Synergen, after announcing the withdrawal of Antril, said it was ready for a merger or a sale.
Yet, each time, after a brief period of downward profit-revisions and warnings about radical restructuring, investors somehow regain confidence in the industry's prospects -- and the money-guzzling biotech machine surges into action once again.
This week the share price of Synergen, a firm based in Boulder, Colo., halved after its septic-shock drug, Antril, failed another test and the firm discontinued it.
On July 18 Synergen, after announcing the withdrawal of Antril, said it was ready for a merger or a sale.
He also travelled extensively with Nixon after Nixon became president in 1969.
``Right now, it looks like no endorsement,'' said Thomas Kennedy, president of Council 82, which, after supporting Cuomo in 1982, remained neutral in '86 and '90.
It's suspected that at least five elderly San Francisco men were slowly poisoned to death -- possibly with the heart drug digitalis -- after signing over either their property or estates to the suspects.
Danny Tene became owner of the home after her death, but that agreement is being contested in a Superior Court lawsuit, Chan said.
The volume of vehicles reaching the market after a two- or three-year lease will more than double this year to 1,073,000, according to Art Spinella, vice president and general manager of CNW Marketing/Research, a Bandon, Ore., company that tracks leasing.
The founders of Logos Resources developed their software for their own use, after being dissatisfied with what was commercially available.
Yet no water-vapor emissions were detected from Comet Shoemaker-Levy even after it broke up in 1992 and the fragments paraded toward their doom.
``I'm exhausted, elated and a little overwhelmed by the realization of how much work is ahead of us,'' NASA astronomer David Crisp said after witnessing the show's fiery finale early Friday, California time.
They still do, even after he made a serious mistake.
``LIE down! Everyone LIE DOWN!'' By now, I was in tears, absolutely hysterical, as I lay there on my back after lying first on my stomach for push-ups.
PASTORAL VISIONS, DAYDREAMS OFFER SECURITY FROM WORLD'S SCARY THINGS LOS ANGELES  (BC-CIOTTI-COLUMN-LADN) Strange events are afoot in the land: My friend decides to move to San Clemente after someone shoots himself during a party in the house next door to where his two little girls are asleep in bed; O.J. Simpson's attorneys decide to play the ever-powerful race card, thus guaranteeing that Simpson won't be convicted if he's innocent and won't be convicted if he's guilty, either; and the comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 crashes into Jupiter with the impact of 6 million megatons of TNT, thrilling astronomers, encouraging Star Wars engineers who need another mission for their talents, and filling sensitive souls with dread about the end of life as we know it.
Woody Allen once said that he loved New York because he liked the sidewalks and he could get roast Peking duck at 3 a.m. In this sense, human beings are like baby ducklings -- the first thing they see that moves after they hatch (a dog, a wooden pull-toy, it doesn't matter) is always their mother.
His address on CompuServe is: 70413,1357 Strange events are afoot in the land: My friend decides to move to San Clemente after someone shoots himself during a party in the house next door to where his two little girls are asleep in bed; O.J. Simpson's attorneys decide to play the ever-powerful race card, thus guaranteeing that Simpson won't be convicted if he's innocent and won't be convicted if he's guilty, either; and the comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 crashes into Jupiter with the impact of 6 million megatons of TNT, thrilling astronomers, encouraging Star Wars engineers who need another mission for their talents, and filling sensitive souls with dread about the end of life as we know it.
Woody Allen once said that he loved New York because he liked the sidewalks and he could get roast Peking duck at 3 a.m. In this sense, human beings are like baby ducklings -- the first thing they see that moves after they hatch (a dog, a wooden pull-toy, it doesn't matter) is always their mother.
PASTORAL VISIONS, DAYDREAMS OFFER SECURITY FROM WORLD'S SCARY THINGS LOS ANGELES  (BC-CIOTTI-COLUMN-LADN) Strange events are afoot in the land: My friend decides to move to San Clemente after someone shoots himself during a party in the house next door to where his two little girls are asleep in bed; O.J. Simpson's attorneys decide to play the ever-powerful race card, thus guaranteeing that Simpson won't be convicted if he's innocent and won't be convicted if he's guilty, either; and the comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 crashes into Jupiter with the impact of 6 million megatons of TNT, thrilling astronomers, encouraging Star Wars engineers who need another mission for their talents, and filling sensitive souls with dread about the end of life as we know it.
Woody Allen once said that he loved New York because he liked the sidewalks and he could get roast Peking duck at 3 a.m. In this sense, human beings are like baby ducklings -- the first thing they see that moves after they hatch (a dog, a wooden pull-toy, it doesn't matter) is always their mother.
The plan to construct a subway system here was approved in 1941, nine years after a similar project began in Moscow, but the St. Petersburg underground quickly was derailed by war.
Construction resumed after World War II and the first line opened in 1955.
The plan to construct a subway system here was approved in 1941, nine years after a similar project began in Moscow, but the St. Petersburg underground quickly was derailed by war.
Construction resumed after World War II and the first line opened in 1955.
Nau has been booking her tours through Linli Travel in Tarzana since December, after seven years at another agency.
Year after year, reactor operators at this atomic enclave 65 miles from St. Petersburg watch their panels, and almost nothing happens.
In February, the prospect of the grimmest power blackouts in St. Petersburg since World War II spurred Moscow to find money for fresh fuel rods -- but only after a week in which the plant slashed electrical output by 50 percent.
Soon after Alaric I, the Visigoth king, sacked Rome in 410, he suddenly died of an illness, which some historians suspect was malaria.
When Attila led the Huns into Italy in 452, he inexplicably turned back short of Rome, after a meeting with Pope Leo I.
In 1992, three years after a grand jury criticized the district's ``excessive travel spending,'' former General Manager Frank Wilson and the nine elected directors racked up more than $250,000 in travel and entertainment bills, including stays at four-star hotels and chauffeured limousine rides.
In 1974, after the Japanese government was rocked by the Lockheed bribery scandal, Miki was recruited by the Liberal Democratic Party and served for two years as prime minister.
Miki, her daughter and two grandchildren arrived at Kim's guest house just hours after his meeting with Jimmy Carter.
Peppered with statistics, the film says 50 percent of divorced fathers don't pay child support, and adds that after a divorce a woman's standard of living decreases by 73 percent.
We learn that Louise, of Seattle, became homeless after a costly illness.
At one point she waxes optimistic: ``I hope I can pull off some kind of successful life out of this mess.'' But months after the movie came out, she was found hanging from a tree.
	Monday's event was more like a sedate engagement between two middle-aged neighbors who, weary and seeking comfort in their old age, finally make a commitment to settle down and live happily ever after sometime in the not-too-distant future.
He hasn't changed for public consumption in years, certainly not since he replaced Bill Walsh the week after the 1989 Super Bowl.
I can't wait on the formalities of paperwork.'' 	Awn Khasawneh, a member of the Jordanian forgeign ministry with the rank of ambassador who is visiting Washington with King Hussein for the signing of a peace accord with Israel, appeared outside the embassy after a 45-minute meeting with Lautenberg and Ms. Dokur.
``I'm not so much motivated by worrying about dimply skin on my thighs, for example, but what I come away with inside after a workout,'' said Smith, 42.
The family will hike and swim together, Smith said; then, a nanny will look after the girls while Smith and Grace undertake three days of backpacking with horses in the wilderness.
``If the suspension was longer, there would have been no trade, no settlement.'' In effect, Bettman simply approved the trade of Petr Nedved (and the $400,000 bonus refund) to the Rangers for forward Esa Tikkanen and defenseman Doug Lister while adding $400,000 to the NHL treasury in fines: $250,000 from the Blues, $100,000 from Keenan and $25,000 each from the Rangers (for suing Keenan) and the Red Wings (for negotiating with Keenan the day after he declared himself a free agent because his $608,000 bonus check was a day late).
Only 90 minutes after it meets, the panel is slated to recess for the pageantry of a joint appearance of the leaders of Israel and Jordan in the House chamber.
Like predators picking over the bones after the feeding frenzy of the last few weeks, television reporters were still at it, only now they were carrying water for Simpson.
``We were so proud to be in that class that we were motivated to underachieve to an even greater degree.'' Jo Harvey Allen said the best illustration of the Panhandle mystique is her husband, whom she married right after graduation and with whom she left town immediately.
Some of the ballad cuts, like Jo Carol Pierce's ``Across the Great Divide,'' are as mesmerizing as a High Plains highway after dark.
What made the trek so pleasant for the Yankees was their penchant for performing like a quality first-place team in reeling off a wonderful winning streak after the Orioles had crept within one-half game of the lead.
Even if Showalter will not say it, Steve Howe is the closer after extending his scoreless appearance streak to 12.
The Yankees won a game they were two outs from losing after Mattingly erased the date on his baseball calendar and Baltimore dipped to its largest deficit minutes later in Oakland.
The concepts would go on the books but the impact wouldn't be felt until after the next presidential election.
The hiatus in the Biennale reflected a troubled period for Polish poster artists and revealed one of the many paradoxes of the changes after communism.
The estimated three million dues-paying members who joined the Klan after World War I were neighborly men and women, Professor MacLean says.
And, after 13 years, fully married.
In one of the few events not resulting in a surprise, Jackie Joyner-Kersee, the first woman to break 7,000 points in the heptathlon, finished the day in first place after four events.
From Tuolumne Meadows, the first 50 miles is routed through a series of eight deep glacial-cut canyons, where hikers go popping up and down, one after another, 2,000 feet a pop, occasionally topping 10,000-foot elevation.
We both knew that it was a lousy day to fish, but we didn't quit until shortly after a grilse, a precocious salmon that returns to fresh water after spending just one year at sea, leaped upstream of us, in the water we had already combed.
``If we get a raise of water and the river cools down some, we may have some fishing yet.'' But ``yet'' seemed a long way off, so I took time after lunch to visit the Eddington and Veazie salmon clubs, both of which are located on the river.
Zedillo, who has spent his career in the government's financial bureaucracy, became the PRI's standard-bearer after the March 23 assassination of original candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio.
``I learn something every day,'' a hoarse, tired Zedillo said as he sipped beer on his flight back to Mexico City this weekend after two days of campaigning along Mexico's lower Gulf coast.
This is strange; if anything, Schwarzenegger attempting another unseen-till-the-last-moment, overpriced spoof right after the first one tanked should have gotten reporters sniffing for more blood in the water, not giving the project a wide berth.
Besides, why would the media necessarily prefer him to McTiernan, who had had equivalent critical and popular success in the high-tech action genre (``Die Hard,'' ``Predator,'' ``The Hunt for Red October'') and a flop proportionately equal to ``The Abyss'' with ``Medicine Man.'' Maybe reporters were just a little more reluctant to go after 20th Century Fox's $100 million-plus investment than, a year earlier, they were about exposing Columbia's high eight-figure money pit.
Lassie, after all, is not a real dog but a character played by a dog, and that character is eternal, famous and sublime.'' 	P.S.: A profile in the latest issue of Life reveals Lassie's beauty secrets: Trainers dab the inside of his mouth with a rag when he drools, and take special care to keep his ears folded in the correct, straight-ahead, direction.
Lassie, after all, is not a real dog but a character played by a dog, and that character is eternal, famous and sublime.'' 	P.S.: A profile in the latest issue of Life reveals Lassie's beauty secrets: Trainers dab the inside of his mouth with a rag when he drools, and take special care to keep his ears folded in the correct, straight-ahead, direction.
``She was always giving an excuse.'' A few weeks after Sharmaine turned a year old, the city placed the rest of her siblings in foster care, finally prompting the mother to follow her drug-treatment regimen, the court official said.
Mitchell was added to the Goodwill field only after Olympic champ Linford Christie of Great Britain scratched because of a hamstring injury last month.
``My start was probably a mili-second slower than I wanted but I picked that up in the first five meters and after that I felt in big control of the race,'' he said.
I felt in good control at 90 meters and just took it in after that.'' Mitchell only increased his confidence with the victory, a departure from past problems.
Like everyone else at this upbeat Jets camp -- it is only Day2, after all -- he senses a special season.
``The Super Bowl teams do the extra things,'' Monk said, ``and it's what I see the Jets doing here: running after the catch, running to the ball, getting the loose ball.'' He knows that younger players -- actually, everyone on the team is younger except Nick Lowery -- look up to him.
Blake, an expert on the epidemiology of cholera at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, a federal agency in Atlanta, said in an interview after learning about the findings of antibiotic resistance in the cholera strain.
But he is also a volatile performer who missed making the 1992 U.S. Olympic team after no-heighting in the pole vault.
Long-term interest rates fell after a report of falling resales of homes.
Lautenberg would not rule out efforts to seek extradition of Abequa, 45, an auto mechanic who was arrested last week after he fled through Tennessee and Europe to the Middle East, but he said the first priority was returning the children.
He abused her.'' Both Lautenberg and Ms. Dokur's lawyer, Nancy Feinberg, who also attended the meeting, expressed some irritation that Jordanian officials had asked for documentation proving that Ms. Dokur is the children's aunt, after Ms. Dokur had produced the New Jersey guardianship ruling.
In an interview later, Lautenberg linked the case of the children with efforts to improve American-Jordanian relations, which soured after Amman sided with Iraq in the Persian Gulf war.
``Suspicions fall very heavily on Iran,'' Ruben Ezra Beraja, a Jewish group leader, said on Monday after meeting with the Argentine president, Carlos Saul Menem.
``The United States is going to do everything possible to bring to justice the people responsible for this horrible tragedy,'' Peter Tarnoff, undersecretary of state for political affairs, said after briefly visiting the bomb site.
But after a probationary period to make sure the monitoring system works -- Ekeus suggested six months -- the special commission now believes that it will be in a position to report that Iraq has complied fully with the Security Council's disarmament terms next March, indicating that the embargo should be lifted.
While Iraq's rubber-stamp Parliament officially annulled the 1990 annexation after the gulf war, the following year, the government-controlled news media in Baghdad continue to refer to Kuwait as part of Iraq and speak of ``rules imposed on Kuwait.'' All Security Council members agree that Iraq should recognize Kuwait and accept the new U.N.-demarcated boundaries between the two countries before the sanctions against Baghdad are lifted.
Trade delegations from Japan, Italy, Spain, and Canada, as well as other countries, have all showed up here in the last few weeks, and Iraq this month signed an economic cooperation agreement with the Czech Republic, now a Security Council member, that also only takes effect after sanctions are lifted.
He is known as an easygoing raconteur who is proud of his ability to survive one club upheaval after another.
Before becoming associate coach after the 1992-93 season he had served as an assistant to the previous coach, Roger Neilson, until he took a timely side trip as head coach of the Rangers' Binghamton farm club as Neilson's regime fell apart.
And after at first dodging protesters, they have come to welcome them, as possible converts.
Ginn predicted that after the joint ventures were operating, revenues of the two parent companies could grow 30 percent to 40 percent for each company.
The truck did not carry license plates, and its driver fled after the crash.
Ms. Avendano said her father had suddenly changed plans on Sunday night after being pressed to attend a candidate's breakfast in the state capital, Tuxtla Gutierrez, organized by the current ruling party governor, Javier Lopez Moreno.
``We don't have to run from anything.'' The belief at NBC isn't so much that ``Frasier,'' the No. 7-rated show in prime time after its first season, will beat ``Roseanne,'' No. 4 after six years, but that it will hold its own.
``This goes to Mr. Simpson's right to due process and equal protection.'' The prosecution countered that it was fully willing to share samples with the defense, but only after it had completed its tests and only if the samples were large enough for testing by both sides.
The move comes less than two weeks after shareholders of the UAL Corp., United's parent, approved an employee plan to acquire a 55 percent stake in the company.
Hank Krakowski, a spokesman for the pilots' union, said Hall quit after disclosures that he had violated union procedure by authorizing, on his own, a $2 million payment to a staff lawyer from transaction fees resulting from the employee buyout.
Lautenberg would not rule out efforts to seek extradition of Abequa, 45, an auto mechanic who was arrested last week after he fled through Tennessee and Europe to the Middle East, but he said the first priority was returning the children.
He abused her.'' Both Lautenberg and Ms. Dokur's lawyer, Nancy Feinberg, who also attended the meeting, expressed some irritation that Jordanian officials had asked for documentation proving that Ms. Dokur is the children's aunt, after Ms. Dokur had produced the New Jersey guardianship ruling.
In an interview later, Lautenberg linked the case of the children with efforts to improve American-Jordanian relations, which soured after Amman sided with Iraq in the Persian Gulf war.
``Out of all the days of my life, I do not believe there is one such as this,'' Hussein said in a voice quiet with emotion after Clinton escorted him into the Rose Garden to join Rabin at a welcoming ceremony.
But the citizens of Israel and Jordan will see a great light.'' In fact, the accord is just one step on a long and tortuous road, as was evident in the telephone call that Clinton placed soon after it was signed to President Hafez Assad of Syria.
``After generations of hostility, blood, and tears and in the wake of pain and wars,'' the 11-page Washington Declaration began, ``His Majesty King Hussein and Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin are determined to end the bloodshed and sorrow.'' The language that guarantees ``high priority'' to maintaining Hussein's ``special role'' in administering the Muslim holy sites in Jerusalem was proposed by Israel last week, officials here said, after Arafat declared that if the king wanted to visit Jersusalem he should seek Arafat's approval in advance.
And the Rangers were fined $25,000 for flouting Bettman's authority by filing a federal lawsuit against Keenan after asking the commissioner to intervene in the contract dispute.
Monday's declaration is fresh evidence that the Middle East is adapting to the changed environment after the Cold War.
His country is financially and militarily vulnerable to outside pressure, all the more so after it alienated the U.S., Saudi Arabia, and their allies by opposing the forcible expulsion of Iraq from Kuwait.
The historic meeting at the White House came 15 years after Egypt and Israel opened the door to the peace process by signing the Camp David accords.
Clinton, seeking to capitalize on the new momentum created by the White House signing, telephoned Syrian President Hafez Assad after the ceremonies and urged him to resume stalled talks with Israel.
Altman said he had learned about the bad-debt letter to Dalton only after the fact and had no role in the handling of the Dalton case.
Officials of the agency promptly sent Altman a copy of their letter to Dalton, but only after the letter had been sent to Dalton, administration officials said.
Sometime after the staff meeting where the admonishment was said to have been delivered, an aide to Altman asked RTC officials to put guidelines in writing to insure that there was an early warning system for politically sensitive cases, but the RTC officials rejected the request as inappropriate, officials said.
Dalton denied any wrongdoing, but Seguin's insurance company paid a $3.8 million settlement to the government shortly after Clinton took office.
``The diaries are impressionistic efforts by Josh written, at some instances, weeks after the events and for reasons that have nothing to do with the recordation of history.'' Steiner's diary recalls the days leading up to Altman's decision Feb.
From what Warren and his employees can decipher, the scrawlings -- which Warren says were etched into his two plate-glass windows and glass door with a white paint -- read, ``Lobster Liberation.'' And Friday morning, after the vandalism was discovered, Warren's partner, Jim Thomson, received a phone call at the restaurant.
Last month, Safeway stores agreed to handle live lobsters in a more caring manner after the Marin County (Calif.) Humane Society raised concerns over how the crustaceans were being stored.
OPTINAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) As part of the purchase of Paramount earlier this year, Viacom gave each Paramount shareholder a contingent value right -- a piece of paper that represents the right to receive cash or securities, at Viacom's discretion, if Viacom's class B stock has not reached $48 a share by the end of the first year after its July 7, 1994, issuance.
This was the man who tacitly supported Saddam Hussein after the Iraqi leader invaded Kuwait, calling him ``an Arab patriot.'' The king opposed the deployment of U.S. troops in Saudi Arabia and enraged President George Bush, who told intimates he felt betrayed by a ``friend'' whose signed photos hung in the residential quarters of the White House.
American Express announced its earnings Monday afternoon after the stock market closed.
 (BC-BIZGLANCE-NYT) The Economy 	A bill that would remove the remaining barriers to branch banking across state lines was set for passage after House and Senate negotiators resolved their differences.
A union spokesman said Hall resigned after disclosures that he had authorized a $2 million payment to a union staff attorney from transaction fees resulting from the employee buyout of the airline.
Not long after Jett had been celebrated as Kidder's Employee of the Year in January, and handed a $9 million bonus for 1993, Cerullo said he directed staff members to began the inquiry that finally brought the scheme to light.
He says he tendered his resignation on the Friday after Carpenter stepped down.
He said that he thought of resigning immediately after the Jett scandal erupted, but decided such action was inappropriate.
The negotiations were also thrown into disarray when the MTA settled with the largest union representing workers on the Long Island Rail Road after a two-day strike in June.
An impasse resulted after the union refused to accept those terms and insisted on a 5 percent raise in each of the three years without any work-rule changes, officials said.
The change was completed in 1992 after four years at a cost of $80 million -- two-thirds of the cost to build the skyscraper.
If no waiver is obtained, the two companies will go ahead with the merger after four years and work on offering cellular service through long distance companies or other means, said Susan Rosenberg, Air Touch spokeswoman.
On Monday, Steinbrenner refused to address the situation in which the vice president of community relations, Richard Kraft, stepped down after allegedly making racially insensitive comments concerning children playing near Yankee Stadium.
He is a 4-year-old colt trained by Phil Johnson and owned by Barbara Ronca, who took over the stable after her husband died a month ago.
His owner-trainer, Jimmy Croll, sent the colt through a public workout between races at Monmouth on Sunday afternoon after some frisky moments in the paddock.
The suicide of Tunnock, 50, shortly after dawn Monday morning left more questions, although police officials said he seemed prone to take the stresses of his job home.
	Grey, which was awarded the Kool account from Campbell Mithun Esty in New York after a global consolidation, also handles international assignments for B&W's sibling company, British-American Tobacco, as well as creative in international markets for brands like Kent.
He said he resigned because he thought after a week of protests over his alleged statements, both his own personal health and the integrity of the Yankees were being put in jeopardy.
The district has 20 days to respond, after which a hearing on the issue will be held.
JUDGE CHANGES MIND ABOUT BLOOD EVIDENCE IN SIMPSON CASE LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-KILLINGS-2Takes-LADN) A Superior Court judge changed his mind about turning over key blood evidence to O.J. Simpson's defense team, after a prosecutor insisted the ruling would deprive efforts to ``seek the truth'' in the sensational murder case.
``I sense that this is critical evidence in the case,'' Ito said after Clark's plea.
OPTIONAL ADD FOLLOWS.) Although promised a chance to perform a short routine during Monday's tryout, the vast majority of aspirants were ushered into a small office at Katy & Co. casting firm and promptly dismissed after repeating their names, ages and qualifications in front of a video camera.
``He'd be the envy of his friends if his Dad was a Ranger.'' Van Heyningen said he worked all night on a martial arts routine, but he was one of the many sent home after smiling into the camera.
The five hits were a career high for Brogna, a left-handed hitter with impressive power who now carries a .377 average after 25 games.
Saberhagen, after all, had not allowed more than six runs in any of his 21 starts this season and had allowed more than four runs only twice.
And with the second lowest payroll after San Diego, at $18.6 million, they are the epitome of a small-market team on a budget.
Serena's Song hit her stride only after Mr Purple opened a two-length lead in mid-stretch.
Others took the day off because they were unable to get to work after discovering late Sunday or early Monday that most buses would not be running.
No one knew how it started, but Maumalanga, a fourth-round pick didn't pull back after it began.
``We've got the best crop that we've had since 1985, after the last flood,'' Haer said.
You couldn't ask for better corn-growing weather.'' One year after flooding and intense rain laid waste to farm fields in an eight-state region, most Midwestern farmers have emerged from the catastrophe with the promise of salvation in a bumper harvest this fall.
Dodd married Patty in 1986, and she gave up her career as a teacher after their first child was born in 1993 to play on the newly coed AVP tour.
Tony La Russa, dancing out of Oakland's dugout after the Athletics' dramatic ninth-inning victory Sunday afternoon, high-fiving everyone in sight, sent a tremor all the way to Toronto, where the Rangers were absorbing their fourth consecutive drubbing at the hands of the Blue Jays.
At this point, after watching youngsters Rick Helling, John Dettmer and Hector Fajardo suffer severe physical and mental abuse, Kennedy would probably settle for an ``Oil Can'' Boyd reprise, which tells you how far gone he is.
 (BC-FBN-RAIDERS-TRAINING-LADN) Steve Hendrickson sat down after a morning practice at Raiders camp in Oxnard last week and started unwrapping his right hand.
Ream after ream of tape was removed until Hendrickson finally reached his goal.
His moniker with the Raiders is ``Goofball,'' which came courtesy of the training staff after he cut off a soft cast that was supposed to protect his injured hand.
COWBOYS ROOKIE'S LIFE TAKES POSITIVE TURN AUSTIN, Texas  (BC-FBN-COWBOYS-ALLEN-TEX) Until last winter, Larry Allen's life had been filled with one tragedy after another.
At age 10, Allen said he thought he was going to die after he was stabbed 12 times in the head and shoulders by a neighbor as he was trying to protect his younger brother.
Hudson Houck, the Cowboys' offensive line coach, stays after practice to give Allen and rookie tackle George Hegamin extra instruction.
``Then Dusty called and said, `If you still want to play, make up your mind and go play.' I started working out a little and realized I could still play.'' Baker said he phoned Strawberry after San Francisco general manager Bob Quinn got permission from the Dodgers (``It wasn't that much, just, `What's up?''' Baker said).
Dogs are loyal and run hard after balls'') attributed to him after Strawberry went in for treatment.
But, after that, I hope and pray he has a productive and succesful life.'' 
I usually don't listen to anything,'' Carter said Monday after the Chiefs' afternoon practice.
I have quit drinking and going out, and things seem to be getting better and better after I stopped doing the things I used to.'' One of the people depending on Carter is his 18-month-old daughter, Alexis.
Henry Flagler, after all, was put to the same test.
Eight dolphins died after bouts with various forms of pneumonia.
Elwood doesn't realize that if there were a stranger in town we would all know about it minutes after he passed the ``Welcome to Gibsonburg'' sign on the outsk irts of town.
Schloot,'' she's whining now, ``I'm sure your family would love to have something to cherish after you're gone.'' ``Money.
Take the opening of his new novel Flesh and Blood (St. Martins, $22.95): ``There were two things Senator Clayton Cunningham III enjoyed having after dinner.
On Tuesday, after a dozen days of the annual television fall program previews, there was finally some TV worth talking about.
all wanted to do it.'' A couple of days after Ted Harbert, ABC entertainment president, announced he is phasing out series theme songs, Garner was asked if The Rockford Theme, a hit single in 1975 by Mike Post, would return.
A well-publicized lawsuit after he quit resulted in an out-of-court settlement.
Schiller brings an extensive sports background to his new position after stints with the USOC and as commissioner of the Southeastern Conference.
``It's saying after all these years you would think any vestiges of racism would be gone.
``It will continue to fly over state facilities.'' In late 1992, Miller dropped his push to change the flag after a barrage of criticism from those who said the flag represents Southern heritage.
The Falcons incurred eight delay-of-game penalties in 1993 (including three in a crucial late-season loss at Washington), most of them coming when quarterback Bobby Hebert simply ran out of time in the huddle after the play called from the bench was late getting to him.
``Now it's just a matter of having a final vote and getting the program going.'' Mayor Frank Jordan, who instigated the negotiations with JCDecaux after visiting one of their test toilets on display outside the 1992 Democratic convention in New York, is expected to sign the measure sometime next week.
The deal comes just one month after Conroy and six of her colleagues rejected an earlier JCDecaux proposal -- drawn up by the Department of Public Works and pushed by Board President Angela Alioto -- that would have locked the city into a 20-year, 27-toilet, 121-kiosk contract.
``The Professor,'' published after her death, actually had preceded ``Jane Eyre'' in composition.
``Villette'' was her opus No. 3; before it and after ``Jane Eyre'' came ``Shirley'' (1849), a quite remarkable work of which something now must be said.
To which, in mild rebuttal, I say, ``Bull.'' (I would say more, but this is, after all, a family journal.) There's more than an ample amount of money available to enable us to do a plethora of noble -- and sorely needed -- things.
``The Professor,'' published after her death, actually had preceded ``Jane Eyre'' in composition.
``Villette'' was her opus No. 3; before it and after ``Jane Eyre'' came ``Shirley'' (1849), a quite remarkable work of which something now must be said.
To which, in mild rebuttal, I say, ``Bull.'' (I would say more, but this is, after all, a family journal.) There's more than an ample amount of money available to enable us to do a plethora of noble -- and sorely needed -- things.
25, the day after his testimony to the Senate Banking Committee, in a conversation with a New York Times editor.
``It has been a great ride.'' Gossage has been around a long time, seen a lot, done a lot and has the credentials to warrant Hall of Fame consideration, five years after he puts No. 54 on a hanger for the last time.
The plot is a little hard to follow -- something about a plucky cat who chases after his friend Maria, who is trying to rescue the cat's Uncle Roy.
For a teen-age tenderfoot, Clay does uncommonly well at surviving one harrowing mishap after another -- but that's part of the fun of this gripping and sensitive coming-of-age novel.
To a visiting reporter, he presents photographs of a Burmese student, his T-shirt stained with his blood after a riot in the safe camps near the Thai border.
A good solid year after the proposal, I hope to have a final rule.
``We had a full pot and all that is left after my cousins ate was half a plate.'' The Pericich family eats cabbage 1,000 ways -- with olive oil and potatoes, smothered in tomatoes, onions and smoked meat, or boiled and stuffed.
The Bellini was invented at Harry's in the late 1950s by Commendatore Giuseppe Cipriani, then the owner, who poured white peach puree into a tumbler, filled it with prosecco and christened it Bellini after the Italian opera composer.
	The United States was as relieved as any of the Baltic states that after months of stalled talks, President Lennart Meri of Estonia and Russian President Boris N.
	``The removal of the last Russian armed forces from Estonia has major international significance,'' Meri said in a press conference after the meeting.
He may sleep with his mother and try to kill her, and be accused of rape after a fumbling attempt at sex with a neighborhood girl, but throughout ``Spanking the Monkey'' Ray maintains the comic likability of classic coming-of-age heroes.
Davies was sent the script after the film's writer and director, David O.
But the director admits that he had reservations about casting Davies after seeing his audition on videotape.
Russell said his producers and other advisers ``had to disabuse me of that over-attachment to the young Dustin Hoffman picture, and I'm glad they did.'' Not only did Davies sustain the understated humor that runs through the film, the director said, but ``he was obsessively meticulous.'' When filming the sensitive mother-son scenes, Russell said, ``Jeremy was constantly double-checking and asking, `Is this real?' '' In the end, the director decided that he didn't want a young Dustin Hoffman after all.
Ang Lee's new movie, which opens on Wednesday, just a year after his ``Wedding Banquet'' made its debut, begins with an explosive scene: four and a half roller-coaster minutes of stir-frying, chopping, wrapping and slicing that leave the viewer dazed with anticipation.
Scorsese appears again, as a screen mother who prepares a nice meal for her son and his friends, ready to eat after killing a rival and stuffing him into the car trunk.
	YUGOSLAVIA-BOSNIA (Belgrade) -- Bosnian Serbs, putting pressure on the government after rejecting a peace plan, said Tuesday that they would close the one route that has permitted civilians to enter and leave Sarajevo for four months.
They'll move on after a while.
Three months after signing the Gaza-Jericho peace agreement, PLO Leader Yasser Arafat's credibility is being questioned.
Nearly a year after he took his turn on the White House lawn, it is King Hussein, who is on prime time, while the PLO chairman sits in a Gaza Hotel with jobs riots on his doorstep.
Three months after signing the Gaza-Jericho peace agreement, PLO Leader Yasser Arafat's credibility is being questioned.
Nearly a year after he took his turn on the White House lawn, it is King Hussein, who is on prime time, while the PLO chairman sits in a Gaza Hotel with jobs riots on his doorstep.
LOST SEOUL: `MOONIE' COMMITS CARDINAL SIN BY VISITING NORTH KOREA TOKYO  (BC-MOONIES-PYONGYANG-INDEPENDENT) South Korea Monday tried to stomp on a bizarre connection that has grown up over the years between the Unification Church -- known in the West as the ``Moonies'' -- and the secretive North Korean regime, after the publisher of a Moonie-affiliated newspaper returned from a trip to Pyongyang where he had a rare interview with Kim Jong Il, the country's designated leader.
Pak arrived in Peking last weekend after an 11-day trip to Pyongyang, where he attended mourning ceremonies for the late Kim Il Sung, and subsequently had a nearly hour-long interview with his son, Kim Jong Il. The younger Kim, who is not known to have given any interviews to the media before, told Pak that he favored a nonconfrontational policy with the United States, and wanted to have a summit with President Bill Clinton.
LOST SEOUL: `MOONIE' COMMITS CARDINAL SIN BY VISITING NORTH KOREA TOKYO  (BC-MOONIES-PYONGYANG-INDEPENDENT) South Korea Monday tried to stomp on a bizarre connection that has grown up over the years between the Unification Church -- known in the West as the ``Moonies'' -- and the secretive North Korean regime, after the publisher of a Moonie-affiliated newspaper returned from a trip to Pyongyang where he had a rare interview with Kim Jong Il, the country's designated leader.
Pak arrived in Peking last weekend after an 11-day trip to Pyongyang, where he attended mourning ceremonies for the late Kim Il Sung, and subsequently had a nearly hour-long interview with his son, Kim Jong Il. The younger Kim, who is not known to have given any interviews to the media before, told Pak that he favored a nonconfrontational policy with the United States, and wanted to have a summit with President Bill Clinton.
``Things changed after that.
All the story-telling genius that Thompson exhibited in movies like ``Edward Scissorhands'' and ``Tim Burton's The Nightmare Before Christmas'' seems to have melted away into one galloping montage after another.
San Bartolome had captured Eendracht only after a chase, and the stunned crew of Mauritius was praising God for victory and escaping toward home on the wind caught by its one remaining sail.
I became intrigued by the battle -- and by the possibility of finding San Diego -- after reading the accounts of the ships' commanders.
Work began in January 1992, after typhoon season.
San Bartolome had captured Eendracht only after a chase, and the stunned crew of Mauritius was praising God for victory and escaping toward home on the wind caught by its one remaining sail.
I became intrigued by the battle -- and by the possibility of finding San Diego -- after reading the accounts of the ships' commanders.
Work began in January 1992, after typhoon season.
By contrast, the men attending the Prince who will wake her up after her 100-year nap are Regency fops who are especially nasty to the Prince's old tutor.
But Louis XIV after 1810 is an anachronism.
At the fish market, Ms. Spicer chose an exquisitely fresh eight-pound striped bass that yielded, after cleaning, two fillets about two pounds each.
``We got fired after three months -- bad attitude,'' she said, noting that management had resisted their attempts to improve the food and presentation.
But just as the amounts of these substances can vary from one garlic bulb to another, depending on the variety or on growing conditions and storage after harvest, the composition of garlic supplements also varies depending upon the processing procedure used.
``Things changed after that.
Audrey Hepburn retired in 1967 to be a full-time wife and mother, and after nine years returned to make occasional films.
The feelings stirred by the pictures of an U.S. warship carrying U.S. and Canadian military advisers retreating after a hostile welcome by armed thugs are less clear.
All of which recalls Sigmund Freud's somewhat self-conscious observation early in this century after his psychiatric theories attained a popular acceptance that bordered on religious fanaticism.
To reach these canyons requires long aerobic climbs to their rims, then knee-jarring descents to their bottoms, with one canyon after another.
I have seen patients after a heart attack who were so drugged that they couldn't function at all.
I had a lady who almost died from a fainting spell after she took a muscle relaxer that she shouldn't have been given.'' ``A lot of the problem is that doctors frequently ascribe side effects of drugs to old age,'' Dr. Woolhandler said.
We are, after all, the 800-pound gorilla on the international scene; presumably we still know how to exert our influence when necessary.
He had promised to set aside his business interests after he swept to victory at the head of a conservative coalition in March.
In a television interview Francesco Speroni, minister for institutional reform, who is with the separatist Northern League, said Berlusconi had ``committed himself to untying these knots, but he has not.'' What unleashed the latest storm was the news that on Sunday, after magistrates announced plans to arrest Sciascia, Berlusconi held a gathering at his villa near Milan with Fininvest lawyers and with two government ministers: Cabinet Undersecretary Gianni Letta and Defense Minister Cesare Previti.
Shortly after Sciascia's confession was publicized, magistrates in Rome preparing a trial of a former prime minister, Bettino Craxi, on bribery charges in connection with the construction of the Rome subway said they were considering issuing an international warrant.
He took up his post after Nussbaum resigned in March amid disclosures about the discussions.
It was designed by Ricky Jay, the New York magician and special-effects wizard, but became painful after 10 minutes.
``People think they're going to learn something more than what they saw on the screen.'' Anderson isn't really sure why that is, but he does know that demand is so great he has ordered more than 100,000 copies of ``Forrest Gump,'' after an initial order of just 15,000.
We are the biggest part of the glue that holds the acts together.'' Kiser noted that clowns, who earn about $12,000 a year after taxes, are the only on-call performers.
``Everything else -- walking on stilts, juggling and other skills -- you can learn,'' said Kiser, who joined the Ringling Bros.' troupe in 1983 after graduating from the circus' clown college.
``They can walk over me and lay down next to me and would never think of hurting me.'' He did, however, break a leg after falling off an elephant's back four years ago.
I fully understand the instinct to separate when we are incessantly under economic siege, when we're still discriminated against some 40 years after the Brown decision, and when, thanks to those recurring images on evening newscasts of black youngsters being hauled off to jail, even our honor students are trailed like common thieves when they enter stores.
He fell hard after his unsuccessful race for governor in 1974 on the Raza Unida ticket.
Despite regulations that require permanent placement after 18 months, the clock ticks much longer in many cases, encompassing the most important years of a child's life.
Fell recalls one of their foster kids calling after he'd gone back to his birth mother and asking about the Fell's biological children: ``Does Carrie still live there?
Karpeles, an artist by profession and a cook by devotion, got involved with the project two years ago, after seeing one of the performances.
From 9 a.m., when the participants are dropped off by host families from the town, till 9 p.m., when they are picked up, the farmhouse has all the melodrama of ``The Brady Bunch.'' Time after breakfast is spent writing and rehearsing.
If you put work into the preparation of a meal, the meal will succeed and will make people happy and please the audience.'' On the last night, after a dress rehearsal of the plays for neighbors and host families, Karpeles prepares to take his final bow: making a Saturday breakfast of French toast, and sandwiches for the road.
A touch of melancholy -- ``the silence is deafening'' after the children leave, he acknowledges -- is tempered by the fact that he will soon be reunited with his breakfast-lunch-and-dinner guests in New York.
We are the biggest part of the glue that holds the acts together.'' Kiser noted that clowns, who earn about $12,000 a year after taxes, are the only on-call performers.
``Everything else -- walking on stilts, juggling and other skills -- you can learn,'' said Kiser, who joined the Ringling Bros.' troupe in 1983 after graduating from the circus' clown college.
``They can walk over me and lay down next to me and would never think of hurting me.'' He did, however, break a leg after falling off an elephant's back four years ago.
Fullback KENYON RASHEED returned to practice after he sat out Monday with a hip flexor.
Anyway, another story out of Washington quoted Barry as saying that the time he served in prison (six months for cocaine possession after being videotaped smoking crack in a hotel room) made him ``uniquely qualified'' to be mayor again.
25, the day after his testimony to the Senate Banking Committee.
Soon after discovering Muriel's greed, he realizes that he would rather be with the waitress he has tipped with half his winnings.
And just as Aphrodite suffered the wrath of her husband (and the gods) after her tryst with Ares, countless mismatched screen lovers have endured revenge from enraged third parties.
He has the hots for me, and soon you're going to have the hots for him.'' While ``Threesome'' purports to be a hip triangle, after one three-way sexual encounter, the movie concludes with the standard solution: each person goes off alone.
Lautenberg of New Jersey said a normalization of ties with Jordan, which soured after Amman sided with Iraq in the Persian Gulf war, would not be possible unless the children were returned to the United States.
The new pledge by Assad came during a telephone conversation initiated by President Clinton shortly after the signing Monday of a declaration in which Jordan's King Hussein and Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin ended their nations' 46-year-old state of war.
First, Ms. Kavanaugh learned that one of her favorite students, Johnny Maiden, had dropped out of school after receiving death threats from classmates because he was gay.
The warbler is a small, insect-eating creature much sought after by bird watchers.
The network's first mistake was to ply critics -- at least those who were willing -- with round after round of stiff, waiter-delivered free drinks for about 45 minutes.
Then the stars showed up, and it appeared that Dalton, too, had been imbibing (as he did again, after the session was finished).
``I don't know if I've got a career after this,'' he said.
The Second Lady said she became concerned about a lack of mental health benefits after the Gores' son, Albert, was struck by a car and nearly killed.
President Clinton condemned the bombing, which left 14 injured just one week after a bomb killed 96 people at a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires.
On July 29, 1993, a month after Superior Court Judge Martha Goldin issued the custody order, Catherine Thomas kidnapped Courtney, then age 5, and spirited her across country under an assumed name.
On April 5, Courtney came through with flying colors after a heart operation to correct congenital defects.
Kevin Thomas located them after an exhaustive and costly search.
The mother said she cannot afford to pay for a security guard to supervise visits with her daughter, but hopes her financial situation will improve after her marriage.
On July 29, 1993, a month after Superior Court Judge Martha Goldin issued the custody order, Catherine Thomas kidnapped Courtney, then age 5, and spirited her across country under an assumed name.
On April 5, Courtney came through with flying colors after a heart operation to correct congenital defects.
But after her third throw, Joyner-Kersee said the referee told her through an interpreter that she had broken the rules for using a substance to improve her grip and was disqualified.
Joyner-Kersee finished fifth out of a field of eight in the javelin and last in the final event, the 800, after suffering an attack of asthma.
Carl Lewis pulled out of the event after he placed fourth in the 100-meter run.
Kevin Thomas located them after an exhaustive and costly search.
The mother said she cannot afford to pay for a security guard to supervise visits with her daughter, but hopes her financial situation will improve after her marriage.
The college's biggest single source of cash, after student fees, is income from its endowment, accumulated from gifts over the decades.
From 1980 to 1990 Swarthmore cash outlays per student nearly doubled, even after accounting for inflation.
His career was not about to end after seven games.
He was injured when a teammate's shoulder pad caught him in the throat after Jones barreled into a ball-carrier.
Miller remembered Bobbitt from previous conducting work when he rang her up for ``Tommy,'' which will travel to San Diego, Denver and Chicago after it completes its run at the Universal Amphitheatre.
KCSI REPORTS 48 PERCENT INCREASE IN SECOND-QUARTER PROFITS KANSAS CITY, Mo.  (BC-KCSI-EARNINGS-KAN) Kansas City Southern Industries Inc, one week after announcing the sale of its railroad unit, on Tuesday reported a 48 percent increase in second-quarter profits.
``The removal of the last Russian armed forces from Estonia has major international significance,'' Meri said at a news conference after the meeting.
It was the Baltic countries' grab for independence after 40 years of Soviet rule that precipitated the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991.
In particular, Moscow was angry that the Estonian government insisted that the fate of officers who retired before 1991 be determined ``case by case'' and had at times rejected whole categories of Russian officers, like those born after 1930.
While this was supposed to be aimed at Russians who engage in crime after retirement, it could also be applied to retired officers who served in the KGB or other intelligence units.
Solzenitsyn, who returned to Moscow last week after 20 years of exile and a two-month train journey across Russia, lamented the fate of the 25 million ethnic Russians who found themselves marooned in foreign countries when the Soviet Union collapsed.
The breakthrough was so unexpected that after the two presidents agreed, the signing was delayed as aides scrambled to draft documents.
U.N. officials in Zaire ordered the drops suspended after complaining that they had not landed where they were supposed to and that picking up the scattered supplies consumed too much time to make more airdrops worthwhile.
The flights to Sarajevo were temporarily suspended last weekend after an aircraft was hit by ground fire, and the parachute drops have not been necessary this summer because U.N. ground convoys have been allowed to pass through Serbian lines to deliver food and medicine to besieged Muslims.
``Some of these kids are obviously orphans, the others are separated from their families.'' The first of the orphans -- 164 of them -- were delivered to the SOS village by the French military after they were rescued from the area around Ruhengeri, a northern Rwandan town from which many refugees fled as rebels advanced two weeks ago.
Fifty more children arrived after a mortar attack on a refugee camp at the border two weeks ago.
Ratko Mladic, made no comment after this evening's meeting with the two Russian officials.
For two years after Adam's death, the city continued to plan for the childrens' return to their mother, though city officials knew that the children had endured abuse dating back to 1983 and that efforts to rehabilitate Ms. Mann with social services in 1984 and 1986 had not worked.
By the time the first court hearing was held on terminating the parents' rights this year -- almost four years after Adam's death -- the mother was out of prison.
``She's mature enough to realize that she's not ready immediately.'' But civil liberties lawyers who sued the city over its handling of the case said that because of the severity of the abuse and the long prison terms facing the parents child welfare officials should have moved quickly after Adam's death to terminate the parents' rights and to find adoptive homes for the children.
``The failure to move forward with adoption is a symptom of the bureaucratic and administrative chaos that pervades the Child Welfare Administration.'' The ACLU sued the city after Adam's death, charging that it failed to protect the children from their parents, and is seeking $3 million from the city on their behalf.
``They couldn't function in school,'' Donna McFarlane, their caseworker at St. Joseph's later wrote, ``and almost every week they would be suspended from school.'' In the summer of 1991, more than a year after Adam's death and several months after his parents had entered their guilty pleas, St. Joseph's and the Child Welfare Administration reviewed the Mann case and decided to persist with the original plan to return the children to their mother.
``They didn't miss her.'' Mother `in Denial' In July 1992, more than two years after Adam's death, city officials met with the childrens' therapists, caseworkers and lawyers.
Not until February 1993 -- seven months after the meeting at which everyone agreed the boys should be placed for adoption -- did Ms. McFarlane formally ask the city to change the children's goal to adoption.
And it was not until September 1993 -- three and a half years after Adam's death -- that city officials actually went to Bronx Family Court, seeking to terminate the parents' rights.
His first foster mother died of cancer seven months after Adam.
Her lawyer, Dinnerstein, said she felt safe for the first time in her life in prison and is terrified Chisolm will come after her when he gets out of prison.
With school classes starting this week after the end of the Southern Hemisphere winter holidays, federal police agents, dressed in long blue wool coats against the cold, are providing protection to 283 Jewish institutions in greater Buenos Aires.
NEW DENVER AIRPORT MAY OPEN WITHOUT TROUBLED BAGGAGE SYSTEM DENVER  (BC-DENVER-AIRPORT-NYT) Officials here are considering opening the new Denver International Airport without its high-tech baggage system, which is still plagued with computer glitches more than 10 months after its scheduled debut.
That was the day after the plane carrying President Juvenal Habyarimana of Rwanda crashed under suspicious circumstances.
It was not until this month that the family finally received permission to enter the United States after the Interfaith Refugee Committee agreed to sponsor them.
The biological father, Otakar Kirchner, a Czechoslovak emigre, says that the mother, Daniella -- his lover at the time and now his wife -- lied to him after a quarrel and told him the baby had died.
Coming after several months of modest job gains, the state employment loss was as stunning as the higher-than-expected national number.
The Senate confirmed him unanimously, without debate, after the Armed Services Committee also praised him publicly -- while burying a major business failing and charges by federal regulators that he had shown ``gross negligence'' in running the bankrupt Seguin Savings Association, in Texas.
The college's biggest single source of cash, after student fees, is income from its endowment, accumulated from gifts over the decades.
From 1980 to 1990 Swarthmore cash outlays per student nearly doubled, even after accounting for inflation.
But after consolidating its six travel offices into a single office last year, giving Tenneco more leverage in negotiating air-fare discounts, the average price of each ticket dropped 14 percent.
But the recent recession prodded many companies to scrutinize their travel budgets, typically the third-largest controllable expense after salaries and data processing.
There was no immediate assertion of responsibility for the blast, which came eight days after a car bomb exploded at a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires, killing about 100 people.
Coming after several months of modest job gains, the state employment loss was as stunning as the higher-than-expected national number.
No wonder that, after 10 months of dealing with Arafat, a few Israeli officials could be heard to say this week, Wouldn't it be nice if we could settle all of this with King Hussein?
Under Mollman, Microsoft appears to be going after a wholesome, World Book type of audience.
At a time when women's basketball is as great as its ever been, women are still being forced into exile after brilliant collegiate careers.
When I came out of college I knew that if I wanted to keep playing I had to go overseas.'' Swoopes signed with an Italian team, Basket Bari, and averaged 23 points in 10 games but finally returned after three months because she wasn't being paid.
The Whitewater hearings began Tuesday at 9:30 a.m., but Ridge did not show up until after 2 p.m., missing the opening statement of White House counsel Lloyd Cutler and questioning by several of the committee's senior members.
Stocks fell after Chevron and Eastman Kodak reported disappointing earnings and Boeing, among the leading U.S. exporters for the last several years, reported poor profits and also warned of lower sales in the second half.
Chevron opened sharply lower, after a delay of nearly a half-hour.
28, 1992, from a video arcade in Nesconset shortly after the two of them had gone shopping for presents for her 10th birthday.
Inghilleri was convicted earlier this month of sexually abusing Katie on several occasions, after Katie testified against him in court here.
But after each five minutes, Republican questioners, no matter how much total time they controlled, would have to stop and allow a Democrat to be recognized for five minutes.
Appearing at a news conference with President Clinton just hours after the bombing of the Israeli Embassy in London, the two leaders denounced the attack, which wounded 13 people, and a deadly bombing last week in Argentina as evidence of the hatred that still stood in the way of the peace effort.
But after two days of smiles and celebration, the news of the attack in London cast something of a pall over the Middle Eastern leaders' final public appearance together here.
But it was during and after the crash that he became known as the pre-eminent spokesman for Wall Street, a position that let him subtly shift part of the blame for the crash to Chicago futures markets.
The day after the incident with the tainted sugar, the Bunsen burners in the same 15th-floor lab were left on, filling the air with gas.
DESERT BILL TO HOUSE VOTE  (BC-DESERT-BILL-300&ADD-SFCHRON) When the bill to create three new national parks in the southeastern corner of the state passed the Senate last April, supporters thought they had finally cleared their main hurdle eight years after former California Senator Alan Cranston first introduced the measure.
Groggy and shoeless, I took a flashlight and large stick and set out after the bear.
The same article also requires that the election of a new president to a five-year term be held ``no more than 90 days after the vacancy occurs,'' and that the acting president ``in no case be a candidate.'' Some supporters of the military have interpreted the somewhat vague language to mean that the vacancy in the presidency began only with Jonassaint's assumption of office, giving the military until mid-August to hold a new vote.
Under Mollman, Microsoft appears to be going after a wholesome, World Book type of audience.
Essence acknowledged it was still an active bidder after the 11th round Tuesday.
This happened occasionally to Clinton's predecessors -- George Bush threw up on television, after all, at the climax of a Tokyo trade conference -- but not since William Henry Harrison caught pneumonia at his inauguration and died 32 days later has presidential triumph seemed so closely dogged by fate.
He took up his post after Nussbaum resigned in March after disclosures about the discussions.
The RTC, which is independent, began investigating the Arkansas savings and loan, Madison Guaranty, in 1992 after news accounts of Whitewater first appeared.
Cutler did not elaborate, but another lawyer involved in the case said the reference was to the fact that Nussbaum, while in private practice, was on the opposite side of Ms. Kulka in a well-known savings and loan case involving a New York law firm that nearly collapsed after its assets were frozen by the government.
25, one day after he disclosed under questioning by Senate Republicans that he had met with the White House over the case.
``I've never had anything like this happen before,'' she said after the competition ended.
But he relented after Kersee intervened.
She also complained about the official waiting until after her throws had been completed to raise the issue.
Earlier, in the first mile race in a major championship in years, world record holder Noureddine Morceli of Algeria blitzed the final lap after a slow first two laps and breezed to an easy victory.
In a press release, Prince Alwaleed said, ``The partnership is about burnishing a gem, the Fairmont brand.'' The deal with Prince Alwaleed comes 16 months after the death of Swig family patriarch Melvin M.
so the surface is faster than we're used to,'' Kirby said after she and Masakayan dominated the Brazilians.
The hit came after Alou was robbed of a bases-loaded hit in the left-center field gap by Roberto Kelly.
Panic selling of shares of the investment fund, MMM, started after the Russian government said it would not guarantee money put in any of the numerous investment funds that have sprung up in the last year.
was again the favorite stock of short-sellers in the over-the-counter market, regaining the top position after being displaced by Microsoft Corp.
Clark's second professional driving experience -- 19 years after he first played for the San Francisco Giants -- comes when he competes in the NHRA Autolite Nationals, Friday through Sunday at Sears Point Raceway in Sonoma, Calif.
And the 6-foot-3, 210-pound Clark needs a vehicle that's a bit roomier, too, which is why a new one will be ready for him after next weekend's competition in Seattle.
The recommendations come after a two-year investigation that was prompted by the deaths of 18 patients from 1988 to 1992 who were being restrained or who were in unsupervised seclusion.
Under the law, restraint and seclusion are emergency procedures that can be used only to prevent patients from seriously harming themselves or others and only after other interventions have been tried.
``We're getting a very good response,'' said Ruth Lopez-Williams, who founded the HMO with her brother, Dr. John Thropay, after becoming frustrated by the lack of Latino health programs in Los Angeles County.
For Kaiser Permanente in Southern California, addressing the needs of Latinos became a necessity after the HMO realized that the ethnic group accounted for 38 percent of its members, according to Mei Ling Schwartz, director of health education at Kaiser's hospital in the Los Angeles area of Panorama City.
Kaiser is also considering setting up walk-in clinics in Latino neighborhoods after encountering problems with appointment-keeping among Latino members, Schwartz said.
TY MURRAY STAR DRIVEN TO BE RODEO'S LATEST TOP HAND  (BC-RODEO-MURRAY-2TAKES-TEX) A dozen wide-eyed children sit on a metal walkway behind the bucking chutes at the Snake River Stampede Rodeo in Nampa, Idaho, watching world all-around champion Ty Murray pack his rigging bag after the summer night's performance.
``It was great to get in my plane after it was all over.
I find he's quite accessible to the public when he's not in a rush.'' In an effort to promote the sport, Murray said he tries to spend time after rodeos meeting reporters, organizers and talking to fans, especially the kids.
Under Mollman, Microsoft appears to be going after a wholesome, World Book type of audience.
``I consider myself a once a week drinker,'' Cox said Tuesday after practice at the Dolphins' Nova University training camp, where Miami was preparing for Saturday night's opening exhibition game against the Giants.
The fine was reduced to $3,000 on April20 by the league, according to Aiello, after new information ``cast Bryan Cox in a different light.'' ``Racially offensive statements were made toward him,'' Aiello said.
``They put me in a position where I felt I was fighting the league, the fans and trying to play a football game.'' After a pause, he added, ``After being bullied for so long, after getting your butt kicked every day and having a guy take your lunch money, you feel you should fight back one time and the guy might not take your lunch money any more.'' He said he thought long and hard before filing the lawsuit.
-- JULY 26, 1994 -- THEATER-KIDS-2, 7-26 -- Eric Karpeles, an artist by profession and a cook by devotion, got involved with the 52d Street Project two years ago, after seeing one of the performances.
-- JULY 26, 1994 -- THEATER-KIDS-2, 7-26 -- Eric Karpeles, an artist by profession and a cook by devotion, got involved with the 52d Street Project two years ago, after seeing one of the performances.
Dante and its support equipment were lifted to Mount Spurr, an active volcano 80 miles west of Anchorage, after several days of poor weather prevented helicopters from operating near the crater rim, said Charles Redmond, a spokesman for NASA, the principal sponsor of the project.
-- JULY 26, 1994 -- THEATER-KIDS-2, 7-26 -- Eric Karpeles, an artist by profession and a cook by devotion, got involved with the 52d Street Project two years ago, after seeing one of the performances.
-- JULY 26, 1994 -- THEATER-KIDS-2, 7-26 -- Eric Karpeles, an artist by profession and a cook by devotion, got involved with the 52d Street Project two years ago, after seeing one of the performances.
	Ogilvy Chicago was awarded the account after a two-month review that also included two other finalists: DDB Needham Chicago and Foote, Cone & Belding of Chicago.
He retired in 1974 after 37 years with Union Carbide.
``He's been a tremendous part of the program and we're sad to lose him,'' Meusborn said after taking some time to reflect.
He was in the big leagues after just four minor league games in 1976 and finished 8-8 his rookie season.
Redfern went into business after his rehabilitation and opened a hot dog stand.
When word got out that Redfern had done a admirable job as Legion coach, casual conversations with Meusborn after practices turned into talk about a high school position.
He has to do it himself.'' Eleven years after his accident, Redfern is content with himself, his condition and his life.
LOUIS, Mo.  (BC-BBN-BROGNA-PROFILE-NYT) The patrons started filing in shortly after 6 a.m., which is when Joe Ro's coffee shop opens its doors.
Stern, the commissioner of parks and recreation, whose department already endured an 8 percent cut in the new budget, said that he had not yet considered how to find new savings but that it would be difficult to do so after years of cuts for parks.
``We'll do our best.'' But agency officials who spoke on condition of anonymity said the reductions -- coming less than a month after the city's new budget for the fiscal year that began on July 1 had left most agencies reeling -- could hurt services for many New Yorkers.
``We're trying to basically go after younger non-patrons,'' Harper said, ``the 18- to 24-year-olds who have heard of Del Mar but haven't gone to the races.
Thursday, 1993 Pacific Classic winner Bertrando will run in the $60,000-added Wickerr, his first turf race and his first race anywhere since having bone chips removed from a knee after finishing second in November's Breeders' Cup Classic.
The settlement comes six weeks after the MTA reached a settlement with the largest union on the Long Island Rail Road after a two-day strike.
In those talks, the authority's negotiators granted an 8.7 percent raise for a 26-month period ending next December but dropped demands for several work-rule changes after Gov.
Class-A baseball is what they have left after the high school publicity, the draft party, the predictions of glorious ascensions to the big leagues.
Many of the prospects are gone, promoted after a first half of prosperity.
So disappointed is he after a half-hour of batting practice that he whips his helmet into the concrete base of the backstop.
An eye-catcher for motorists on the Ventura Freeway, the structure will house 625 Disney animators, artists and administration staff after November, when it is finished.
An eye-catcher for motorists on the Ventura Freeway, the structure will house 625 Disney animators, artists and administration staff after November, when it is finished.
HOME PROVES NOT SO SWEET FOR YANKEES AND KEY NEW YORK, July 26  (BC-BBA-YANKS-BOSOX-NYT) Just one inning after Jimmy Key began to bear down -- endearing himself to the Yankee Stadium crowd of 38,448, reclaiming the corners of home plate and problem-solving himself out of a bases-loaded affair in the fifth inning -- his quest for a major-league leading 16th victory ended on Tuesday night.
Damon Berryhill scored, too, after rocking Key for an inning-opening double off the center field fence.
Mattingly's return to Yankee Stadium -- after achieving his 2,000th hit and his 2,001st, a dramatic, three-run pinch-hit homer to beat California on Sunday -- was cause for a standing ovation for his first trip to the plate.
Ms. McCraw will succeed Geoff Miller, a founder and former editor of the magazine, who is retiring after 34 years with the publication.
At a time when women's basketball is as great as it has ever been, women are still being forced into exile after brilliant collegiate careers.
When I came out of college I knew that if I wanted to keep playing I had to go overseas.'' Swoopes signed with an Italian team, Basket Bari, and averaged 23 points in 10 games but finally returned after three months because she wasn't being paid.
Nearly 7,000 MTA employees went out on strike at 12:01 a.m. Monday after talks broke off between the agency and officials with the Amalgamated Transit Union, which represents nearly 2,000 mechanics.
But after the Dodgers crept to within 5-3, it was their bullpen that put them out of reach once more in their 12-5 loss.
 (BC-BKN-LAKERS-JONES-LADN) As he was introduced to Los Angeles on Tuesday after signing a multi-million dollar contract, the Lakers' rookie guard, Eddie Jones, tried to say all the right things about his new employer, coaches and teammates.
Hershiser was making his first start in 18 days, 10 days after pulling a muscle near his left rib cage while warming up for a game in Philadelphia.
Benzinger staked the Giants to a 3-0 lead after three innings.
This series is even after two games and 32 runs (17 by the Giants, 15 by the Dodgers).
Jeff Kent was on second base after hitting a ground-rule double.
Castillo, 24, was the 11th pitcher to start for the Mets this season, and he got his opportunity after the team placed Pete Smith on the disabled list with shoulder problems Monday afternoon.
The Mets scored their first two runs in the second inning, when Ryan Thompson homered to left after David Segui reached base with a two-out single to center.
The defense contends that the sexual relationship was consensual and that the woman went to the police only after she learned that she was pregnant.
The defense contends that the woman filed a police report only after learning that she was pregnant.
``But if I feel good and I'm still helping, I might play more.'' Ledyard posted his best career numbers last season after signing with the Stars as a free agent.
They penciled Mickell in as the starting right end after moving Derrick Thomas back to his outside linebacker spot, and he intends to hold on to the job.
``I don't have to worry about overdoing it,'' Mickell said Tuesday morning after the Chiefs practice.
``That game, I guarantee you, would have been a lot different if I hadn't dropped us in a 6-0 hole,'' said starter Chuck Finley, who gave up five runs in the second inning after being touched for an unearned run in the first.
``He pitched very well after that.
In this one, he limited the Angels to two singles -- and no other baserunners -- until being lifted for former Dodger Welch after seven innings.
But many then retire there, get jobs or start businesses, or just stay on after their visas expire.
The center was named after President Lyndon B.
Johnson, but he didn't take office until after the Apollo program was well under way.
Johnson Space Center in February 1973, after the former president died.
A: Since Albany, Ga., was named after Albany, N.Y., that's the way it should be pronounced, said an Albany Chamber of Commerce spokesman.
A reporter, appropriately named Kate Battersby, had written this in The Daily Telegraph: ``The chaos at the Goodwill Games, which at first seemed mildly endearing, is becoming distinctly unfunny,'' after which she plunged into the tainted waters.
They said, `Hey, coach, we're going to the Sugar Bowl!' I told them that was great and would they please get me some tickets because I wanted to go too.'' On 31 stops at South Carolina booster clubs after he got the job: ``I've been to a lot of places I've never heard of.
The firm sells a $35 custom package of freeware and shareware programs that have everything you need to get started and charges $15 a month (plus $1 an hour after 15 hours) for unrestricted Internet access.
MUDs: Multi-User Dungeon, a class of role playing games modeled after the original Dungeons and Dragons.
Named after the mascot of the University of Minnesota, where the first gopher was developed.
San Bartolome had captured Eendracht only after a chase, and the stunned crew of Mauritius was praising God for victory and escaping toward home on the wind caught by its one remaining sail.
I became intrigued by the battle -- and by the possibility of finding San Diego -- after reading the accounts of the ships' commanders.
Work began in January 1992, after typhoon season.
San Bartolome had captured Eendracht only after a chase, and the stunned crew of Mauritius was praising God for victory and escaping toward home on the wind caught by its one remaining sail.
I became intrigued by the battle -- and by the possibility of finding San Diego -- after reading the accounts of the ships' commanders.
Work began in January 1992, after typhoon season.
``What this system does is tie in by computers, by technology, a warning system that integrates resources that are already present in our county, our 911 centers, our emergency responders and allows them to communicate in seconds after an incident has happened,'' Mark Finucane, director of the County Health Services Department, told county supervisors Tuesday.
Year after year, reactor operators at this atomic enclave 65 miles from St. Petersburg watch their panels, and almost nothing happens.
In February, the prospect of the grimmest power blackouts in St. Petersburg since World War II spurred Moscow to find money for fresh fuel rods -- but only after a week in which the plant slashed electrical output by 50 percent.
By the time I was old enough to turn on the TV, I was hooked on ``Space Patrol'' and ``Tom Corbett, Space Cadet.'' My grandfather, amused by my childhood fascination with the notion of commanding a spaceship, nicknamed me ``Captain,'' and he sometimes called me that even after I'd grown up and realized that space travel was not in my stars.
He was badly beaten after the coup but returned to Haiti after a short spell in exile.
SUMMERTIME BRINGS ON THE CRAVING FOR ICE CREAM  (BC-ICECREAM-TEX) I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream, even after sex, when 50 percent of adults quizzed in a national poll 'fessed up to a penchant for vanilla, chocolate, strawberry, butter pecan or rocky road.
``We might ask them what they like to eat after they have been mowing their lawn all day.'' Debra Agapiou, whose Texas Burger restaurant in Buffalo dips into 32 flavors and more than 40 gallons of Blue Bell a week, said her fast-food diners link ice cream with family activities.
Three months after signing the Gaza-Jericho peace agreement, PLO Leader Yasser Arafat's credibility is being questioned.
Nearly a year after he took his turn on the White House lawn, it is King Hussein, who is on prime time, while the PLO chairman sits in a Gaza Hotel with jobs riots on his doorstep.
Three months after signing the Gaza-Jericho peace agreement, PLO Leader Yasser Arafat's credibility is being questioned.
Nearly a year after he took his turn on the White House lawn, it is King Hussein, who is on prime time, while the PLO chairman sits in a Gaza Hotel with jobs riots on his doorstep.
LOST SEOUL: `MOONIE' COMMITS CARDINAL SIN BY VISITING NORTH KOREA TOKYO  (BC-MOONIES-PYONGYANG-INDEPENDENT) South Korea Monday tried to stomp on a bizarre connection that has grown up over the years between the Unification Church -- known in the West as the ``Moonies'' -- and the secretive North Korean regime, after the publisher of a Moonie-affiliated newspaper returned from a trip to Pyongyang where he had a rare interview with Kim Jong Il, the country's designated leader.
Pak arrived in Peking last weekend after an 11-day trip to Pyongyang, where he attended mourning ceremonies for the late Kim Il Sung, and subsequently had a nearly hour-long interview with his son, Kim Jong Il. The younger Kim, who is not known to have given any interviews to the media before, told Pak that he favored a nonconfrontational policy with the United States, and wanted to have a summit with President Bill Clinton.
LOST SEOUL: `MOONIE' COMMITS CARDINAL SIN BY VISITING NORTH KOREA TOKYO  (BC-MOONIES-PYONGYANG-INDEPENDENT) South Korea Monday tried to stomp on a bizarre connection that has grown up over the years between the Unification Church -- known in the West as the ``Moonies'' -- and the secretive North Korean regime, after the publisher of a Moonie-affiliated newspaper returned from a trip to Pyongyang where he had a rare interview with Kim Jong Il, the country's designated leader.
Pak arrived in Peking last weekend after an 11-day trip to Pyongyang, where he attended mourning ceremonies for the late Kim Il Sung, and subsequently had a nearly hour-long interview with his son, Kim Jong Il. The younger Kim, who is not known to have given any interviews to the media before, told Pak that he favored a nonconfrontational policy with the United States, and wanted to have a summit with President Bill Clinton.
But after all, changing channels by hand also qualifies, and produces more startling results.
In response, after a pause, the image becomes animated and answers, sometimes volubly, occasionally irritably.
In them, he not only plots the musicological curve of jazz's development but sketches a world in turmoil after Reconstruction, with all the racial ambiguities, shifting identities, restlessness and contrast of cultures that found their supreme esthetic expression in jazz.
The flamboyant pianist who once wore diamonds pinned to his underwear ended his life in the alien corn of Los Angeles convinced he was under a voodoo curse, after an epic cross-country automobile trip during which he nearly froze to death.
For example, I am quite capable of operating the ``timer record'' on my VCR, even though I usually require two or three days of bed rest in a darkened room after doing so.
Hotel desk workers, bartenders, cabbies and a guy who said he'd been robbed three times in as many months offered the advice Tuesday after the high-profile mugging of a visiting North Carolina state senator and his son near Fisherman's Wharf.
``I guess we're getting a reputation as a dangerous city.'' Concern over public safety on city streets peaked after a series of well-publicized attacks on tourists in the Fisherman's Wharf area last year -- including the shooting of an Irish woman during a botched robbery and the mugging of two Japanese tourists at the wharf cable car turnaround.
Unfortunately, it seems these kids get more attention and more assistance after they have committed a crime and gone through the Texas Youth Council than they do before they are caught violating the law.
They had three-page press releases ready to hand out after the demonstration.
The Russian supersonic was retired in the 1970s after the government airline deemed it inefficient for commercial use.
``I watched their mother suffer for 30 years.'' Only after her younger daughter, Paula, died 26 years ago, did Lenford learn that sickle cell disease was what had been causing both her babies so much pain and so many hospitalizations.
But they have fared better than they might have because shortly after birth, their disease was diagnosed and they were given antibiotics to prevent pneumonia and other life-threatening infections.
``We know a child is at risk if the parents carry the trait, but dads, especially, often don't know they carry it until after they have a child who is diagnosed with it,'' he said.
``Even years later, you can get death certificates.'' Doctors recommend that patients request information from their own records, such as test results, doctors' notes and X-rays, as soon as possible after their visits to the doctor or release from the hospital.
Clear finishes can often be restored by wiping with a solvent or new finish after the original has been identified.
Buff the wax with a clean lint-free cloth after it hardens.
Avoid rebrushing a surface after covering it, but daub spots that dry prematurely.
``Detour,'' in which a hitchhiker lands in one ugly situation after another, surfaced recently on the local public TV channel's ``One Star Theatre,'' a package designed to alert its audience that the movie at hand is supposedly a stinkeroo.
The New Age he is after is attainable.
(FOR RELEASE SUNDAY, JULY 31)  (BC-TONAL-MUSIC-$ADV31-NYT) In Prague after the Velvet Revolution, it was easy to get lost on familiar streets.
The Gottwald metro station, named for the dark overlord of the Czechoslovak Communist revolution, was rechristened Vysehrad, after the noble rock featured in Smetana's ``Ma Vlast.'' A similar process has been going on in American academic music departments in the last decade, as the ideology of Serialism has lost its stranglehold.
But after nearly two weeks in the fish bowl, the second-round pick says he can barely believe his eyes.
``I think we had about a thousand people.'' Allen, who has been staying late after practice to get in extra work, cast a glance at the fence.
Although AB3148 is a good law designed to rid the road of reckless and drunk drivers who continue to drive after their licenses are suspended, to someone convicted of possessing less than an ounce of marijuana who then continued to drive, it would have the effect of compounding AB79x.
Either way, Mexicans will live in a more democratic if less stable nation after the vote.
``They'll have to share power in the legislative branch,'' said Camp, who predicted the Congress will take much of the decision-making powers out of the president's hands after this election.
She and seven other opposition leaders fled to the United States from Mexico last year after federal and state police charged them with terrorism for their alleged involvement in a 1992 fire that burned a state election headquarters in Matamoros, Tamaulipas.
``(But) I had never expected them to attack us for trying to do what was right.'' The Center for Border Studies and Promotion of Human Rights said in a report shortly after the incident, ``In Matamoros, evidence is being concocted to intimidate and repress'' opposition party leaders.
Sodi is tired, after years of introducing measures that he said attempted but failed to make the Institutional Revolutionary Party more democratic.
Salinas told them, `I know who you support, and here he is -- Colosio.''' Sodi quit the party after the March 23 assassination of Colosio, who was replaced by Ernesto Zedillo, a technocrat from the Salinas camp.
The year after Martin Luther King Jr. was murdered, Penn attended a music convention.
Asked why he decided to record another album after such a long hiatus, Penn is typically low-key.
The steps were taken after a bomb exploded Tuesday at the Israeli Embassy in London, injuring 14 people, and another went off Wednesday outside a building housing Jewish groups, injuring five people.
Original investors are dividing the money invested by those after them.'' That, of course, is what a pyramid scheme is all about.
That's all.'' 	Senior State Department officials have said that the United States is also considering sending arms and ammunition to the Cambodian army but that a final decision would have to await consultations with Congress and with other nations that have been involved in efforts to rebuild Cambodia after years of civil war.
But the day after the signing of the resolution, as Hussein and Rabin journeyed to Capitol Hill to address a joint session of Congress, the House Banking Committee launched hearings into Whitewater.
The prospect is that his activities will become even more defensive after the November election in which the Republicans almost certainly will pare the Democrats' margin of control in House and Senate.
Where Bush rejected the need to dwell on the ``vision thing'' and declined to focus more intently on the recession-ridden economy, Clinton has demonstrated an inability, after enunciating a position, to stick with it.
``We put it in after they shot the house up in 1989.
But after her daughter, Melissa, was born and Ms. McCorvey confided in her mother that her sexual preference was for women, she says, her mother kidnapped Melissa, banished Ms. McCorvey from the house and raised her granddaughter herself.
When I met Norma, it was a chance after a chance.
Hamas was founded by Muslim radicals in the Israeli-occupied territories back in the mid-1980s primarily with Saudi Arabian financial assistance but has established firm ties with Iran in the last few years after the Persian Gulf war when the Saudis cut off their funding to all Palestinian groups.
`STOCK OPERATOR' IS STILL FRESH AFTER 70 YEARS  (BC-STOCK-BOOK-REVIEW-NYT) ``Well, I went home,'' says Larry Livingstone, the fictionalized protagonist of Edwin Lefevre's ``Reminiscences of a Stock Operator,'' after losing all his money on the New York Stock Exchange at the age of 21.
He stops in New Haven, Conn., while motoring from Boston to New York with a friend, and the two are taken for naive Yale boys by the manager of an unscrupulous brokerage of the sort once known as a bucket shop, who said ``good morning as though he had discovered the morning's goodness after 10 years of searching for it with a microscope and was making you a present of the discovery as well as of the sky, the sun and the firm's bank roll.'' But this operator is not so enamored when two days later Livingstone cashes in for $1,000.
The retraction follows pretty quickly.'' ``Reminiscences of a Stock Broker'' was published only a year after ``Babbitt,'' Sinclair Lewis' novel about American business.
Williams was one of three people who entered Foster's office for unexplained reasons just hours after his body was discovered in a nearby park.
In the case of Hunter's building, after a long period spent restoring infrastructure, ``things that don't show, like the boiler, elevators and roof,'' the co-op board at his building is ready at last to renovate its finely proportioned, long-neglected entrance.
JETS OFFENSE TO BUILD ON NINERS' PHILOSOPHY HEMPSTEAD, N.Y.  (BC-FBN-JETS-OFFENSE-NYT) Year after year, Bill Walsh won games with a dazzling home-grown offense.
When he was dismissed after last season, his successor, Pete Carroll, picked Ray Sherman as his offensive coordinator, but the new Jet offense will be even more of the same.
Then, after a searching talk with the owner, a businesswoman who bravely announced ``Anything can go,'' she began moving things.
A few days after the visit, clients receive a customized workbook that details ideas for each room -- ``For your windows, we would recommend a simple curtain treatment because the windows are so nice,'' reads one bedroom entry -- and lists sources.
Dr. Ranee Shenoi Bear and her husband, Dr. Norse Bear, who work at New York Hospital, said they knew they needed a decorator after they installed an imposing teak entertainment cabinet in their snug, two-bedroom apartment.
Coming after last year's disastrous Schwarzenegger epic, ``The Last Action Hero,'' the apparent success of ``True Lies'' underscores the power of some movie stars at the box office.
It was released less than a year after ``Tombstone,'' a successful two-hour action-drama that was also about the celebrated lawman and starred Val Kilmer and Kurt Russell.
``She will be made an example of,'' Coleman said after Tuesday night's Dream Team II exhibition game in Charlotte.
``He's got a reputation, and you can't go after him like that.
May said it would remodel and reopen 600 of the Kobacker stores after completing the acquisition in September.
``There are very few players going after the (overall) market.'' Jancsurak said the refrigerator business had five main manufacturers, each producing several brand names.
GOVERNMENT REPORT ON SOYBEAN OIL STOCKS HURTS SOYBEAN FUTURES PRICES KANSAS CITY, Mo.  (BC-MIDWEST-COMMODITIES-KAN) Soybean futures prices finished lower Wednesday after the government reported larger U.S. stocks of soybean oil than traders expected.
A number of executives said that the EO project may have been doomed after an AT&T executive, Robert Kavner, who was instrumental in the investment, left the company in June.
Jerrold Kaplan, a founder of Go, who left after the software developer was acquired.
AT&T officials said Wednesday that they still believed in the market for wireless communicators, but acknowledged that technologies often reached the mainstream long after the technology pioneers stumbled.
``The question is: Are there any hardware manufacturers brave enough to give it a go after all the blood has been spilled?'' said Jerry Michalski, editor of Release 1.0, a computer newsletter in New York.
``I do not want to occupy myself with these things, but I can say that if all corporations were run like Fininvest, there would be no problems of public morality in Italy.'' The prime minister's offensive against the magistrates came weeks after he issued a government decree aimed at stifling their work by forbidding the use of preventive detention for corruption suspects.
The decree was revoked after it met with protests both from the public and from members of Berlusconi's fractious governing coalition.
It should be reapplied every two hours and also after being in the water.
``We were just looking for God's man.'' Hemphill's name kept coming up, said Seaborn, pastor of Birchman Baptist Church; members of the search committee, after prayer, agreed.
A year and a half after taking office, however, Woolsey's credibility is wearing thin.
Knopf's rejection of his manuscript of ``Beat Generation'' in 1955, and his reaction: ``KNOPF-SHMOPF-KAPOP?'' Retitled ``On the Road,'' Kerouac's ``Beat Generation'' was published by Viking in 1957, the year after ``Some of the Dharma'' was completed.
Victory is the purpose for Italy, the favorite here and the reigning Olympic gold medalist, as it is for Spain, which settled for the silver in Barcelona only after losing the title game to the Italians in three overtimes.
Hungary, which has ruled the sport with six gold medals, three silver and three bronze in the Olympics, has chosen to rest its top team after it won the prestigious Korona Cup in Italy two weeks ago.
That's all.'' Senior State Department officials have said that the United States is also considering sending arms and ammunition to the Cambodian army but that a final decision would have to await consultations with Congress and with other nations that have been involved in efforts to rebuild Cambodia after years of civil war.
Cambodia's head of state, King Norodom Sihanouk, has warned that without arm shipments from the United States and elsewhere, Cambodia might once again fall to the Khmer Rouge, the Maoist-inspired guerrillas who were responsible for the deaths of more than one million Cambodians after they ousted an American-backed government in 1975.
Lawmakers would return to their homes some time after baseball season begins in the spring.
They would return to Washington after Labor Day, pass spending bills and other pressing legislation, and be home again by Thanksgiving.
JOURNAL: THE WRONG BATTLES  (BC-RICH-COLUMN-NYT) U.S. troops finally turned up in Goma, Zaire, last week, well after the wrenching images and stories of Rwandan refugees had saturated the American conscience.
But Clinton acted only after he saw the same pictures of the dead and dying that the rest of us did -- following, rather than leading -- and even then the initial result of his military's engagement was of dubious benefit.
Zia, the prime minister, is the widow of an army general, Zia Rahman, who took power three months after Mujibur's killing, only to be assassinated, again by army officers, while he was visiting the country's second biggest city, Chittagong, as president in 1981.
But after a brief interlude, their relations degenerated.
Wazed of being too closely linked to India, where she took sanctuary for years after the 1975 killings -- both have, broadly speaking, advocated the same path for Bangladesh.
Keenan called early in Mike Francesa's and Chris (Mad Dog) Russo's 1-6 p.m. show from a Chicago train station, en route to visiting his daughter, shortly after talking to KMOX Radio in St. Louis.
JOHN VICTOR TAGGART III, 77: KNOWN FOR CELLULAR RESEARCH  (BC-TAGGART-OBIT-NYT) Dr. John Victor Taggart III, who headed the Physiology Department at Columbia University for 20 years and was known for his cellular research on the kidneys, died on Saturday at the Northern Westchester Hospital in Mount Kisco, N.Y. He was 77 and lived in Bedford, N.Y. The cause was heart failure after a long illness, said a spokesman for the Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center, where he taught and studied.
``When she came back to the gym after the '89 world championships, she couldn't do a lot of her skills.
In late 1990, Fong said, after Henrich was so weak she couldn't complete a bars routine safely, he gave her an ultimatum.
You've got to do it first.' Even after the disorders forced her into retirement, Fong remembers an incident that showed how strong was Henrich's drive to try.
In his testimony Wednesday, Rifkin said that he had asked for a lawyer ``at least 20 times'' after his arrest, and that he had signed statements ``because the police told me to.'' Efman, in an interview after the hearing, said, ``The key is, anytime you ask for an attorney, one has to be provided for you, and you can't subsequently waive your right to have one present.'' Efman also said he did not think there would be a case against Rifkin without his confession and other statements to police.
Ahearn said after the hearing that Rifkin had been properly informed of his constitutional right to a lawyer at the time of his arrest and that he knowingly waived that right.
Ms. Henrich's death came after a week in the medical center following 10 days in critical condition in a hospital in Independence, Mo. Anorexia nervosa is an illness of deliberate self-starvation, found chiefly in young women.
Henrich has been quoted as also saying that her daughter began obsessing about her weight after a gymnastics judge told her she was overweight.
Some western intelligence officials and diplomats expressed deep skepticism after analyzing his comments.
(When asked whether U.S. officials would like to talk to the defector, a State Department spokesman, Michael McCurry, responded: ``It depends on whether there's any reason to believe his information is credible.'') True or not, there was concern about the South Korean intelligence service's motives in choosing this sensitive moment, two months after it said Kang had defected, to put him on display.
They were suspended three weeks ago after the death of the North's leader, Kim Il Sung.
Stoudamire led the U.S. with 17 points, 12 after intermission, and he tried in vain to fire his teammates with a late comeback.
But this year, after an aggressive business lobbying campaign, the president junked his own solution and extended trade privileges unconditionally.
Miriam Loomer was diagnosed with breast cancer in 1979, battling it into remission after a mastectomy and hormone therapy.
Economists estimate that consumer spending grew only 1 percent in the second quarter after growing at a 4 percent pace in the previous three quarters.
He said he settled on senior health care as his group's mission only after becoming convinced that his initial idea of trying to do something about unemployment caused by economic cycles was unworkable.
Pollack and Bennett first met Clinton in September 1991, after Pollack and Phyllis Torda, the group's director of health policy, published an article arguing that while a Canadian-style single-payer health care system would work well for Americans, political realists would do better to push for less radical change.
It is therefore a favorite haunt of patients who stop in for a reflective cup of coffee after a session.
Coming after several months of modest job gains, the state employment loss was as stunning as the higher-than-expected national number.
They should have the focus, the accountability, the discretion and the resources to get the job done.'' Giuliani, who said he had seen early outlines of the reports, said the goal was to ``have a department with considerably less middle management and much less in between the commissioner and the precinct commanders.'' One panel's study, coming three weeks after the Mollen Commission report on department corruption, concluded that training must be entirely reconfigured to highlight the department's concerns about integrity.
They talk to you and wave.'' Without committing himself, the Commissioner said after the presentation Tuesday that he was pleased with the suggestions.
Added to Ball's problems is uncertainty over who will lead the company forward after the unexpected resignation in April of Delmont A.
During his tenure, Ball bought out a partner in a major glass subsidiary, bought full control of a Canadian joint venture that had fallen into bankruptcy when exposed to American competition after adoption of the U.S.-Canada Free Trade Agreement in 1989, and bought four other glass plants from the Kerr Glass Manufacturing Corp.
soared Wednesday after the biotechnology company announced promising results in slowing the devastating effects of multiple sclerosis, a disease of the nervous system.
Teena Lerner, a biotechnology analyst at Lehman Brothers, said the Biogen results, which were announced after the markets closed Tuesday, were ``truly a positive surprise.'' Meirav Chovav, an analyst at Salomon Brothers, called the results ``a home run'' for Biogen.
The London police said they continued to hunt for a woman who had parked a gray Audi sedan outside the Israeli Embassy in the Kensington district of London just after noon on Tuesday, moments before a bomb in the car exploded, wounding 14 people and badly damaging the embassy and an adjacent apartment building.
The explosion slightly wounded five people and apparently came just a few minutes after the car was parked, the police said.
Scotland Yard's antiterrorist branch had imposed parking restrictions and placed guards around a few buildings housing Israeli and Jewish organizations in London late on Tuesday after the bombing at the embassy.
He said that Scotland Yard had increased security after the second blast by posting 24-hour guards and rigidly enforcing parking restrictions at more than 100 buildings in London that house Israeli or Jewish organizations.
13 after merging with the Cleveland group headed by Frank Sullivan, a 33-year-old paint-company executive in Bay Village, Ohio.
Mitchell has been expected to go to the floor almost immediately after releasing his plan.
The bond market, after rallying sharply in the second half of the month, has given up almost all those gains and is essentially back to where it was July 1.
Bond prices improved quickly in the early afternoon after the Treasury Department sold $11 billion in five-year notes for a 6.98 percent yield, he noted, the highest in nearly three years but not exorbitantly expensive.
In the last three seasons, the Braves have played .681 ball after the All-Star break, pressure that teams such as the 1991 Dodgers and the 1992 and 1993 Giants could not withstand as the Braves rolled to National League West titles.
Montreal resumed play after the break just as white-hot as before.
``When she came back to the gym after the '89 world championships, she couldn't do a lot of her skills.
In late 1990, Fong said, after Henrich was so weak she couldn't complete a bars routine safely, he gave her an ultimatum.
You've got to do it first.' Even after the disorders forced her into retirement, Fong remembers an incident that showed how strong was Henrich's drive to try.
Beaming, she joined House Democrats after Wednesday's vote and hugged them, declaring, ``We're on the road now.'' Ms. Feinstein's negotiating skills may be challenged in the conference over the hunting provision, but Wednesday she signaled a willingness to compromise.
The logjam was broken after California elected two Democrats, Ms. Feinstein and Barbara Boxer, in 1992, and Senator Feinstein then steered the bill through the upper chamber, negotiating nearly 60 compromises in the legislation.
He said in an interview after the vote that he opposed the measure because it would overburden the park service.
Okpara, after a year out of public view, is making his official debut at the Bronx Zoo Wednesday morning.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Timmy's success in the Bronx appears to be the winning argument in the battle that raged around him when, after failing to breed in Cleveland, he was sent to the Bronx Zoo, which had three fertile females waiting.
``He may die here, but he's finally getting to live the way other gorillas live -- with five other gorillas.'' In fact, on July 11, a year after Okpara was born, another gorilla was born at the Bronx Zoo.
The sales document shows that, after Viacom acquired the Garden, it decided the value of the Yankee rights was $137 million less than what MSG had paid; Viacom said in the document that it would take a write-off for that amount against its earnings.
This year, after coming in second in the National Basketball Association playoffs, the Knicks could make as much as $10 million on sales of $60 million.
``At the appropriate moment, I will release information that will knock you over backward,'' the judge, Juan Jose Galeano, promised reporters after briefing President Carlos Saul Menem on the Iranian connection.
The 21-year-old All-America point guard, who was selected by the Dallas Mavericks in the first round of the NBA draft, is accused of leaving the scene after a high-speed collision early May 22 on the connector ramp between Interstates 580 and 80.
He admitted leaving the scene after some friends stopped and offered him a ride.
One of Kidd's passengers, 27-year-old Milton Jackson, was arrested and charged with public drunkenness and vandalism after he kicked out a patrol car window after the accident.
One family slid down the cylindrical propane tank after it landed in their yard, a quarter of a mile from where the truck hit the bridge.
Spect, a state hazardous-materials transportation specialist, said state inspectors put Paraco on notice in 1990 after a surprise inspection revealed several violations, including failing to keep good records.
He pleaded guilty to that charge, they said, after he was stopped for drunken driving in Suffolk County.
His license was restored in 1989 after he completed a seven-week program for drunken drivers, George R.
But after two accidents in 1991, his license was suspended again, once for two days, once for two weeks, said Filieau.
It was in sharp contrast to his performance in the U.S. Olympic trials in 1992 when, after one of the biggest hypes in the history of the sport, he committed one of the biggest chokes by failing to make the American team.
The Clinton administration insists that, after more than a year of fruitless talks, the Japanese institute procedures to insure a steady increase in purchases of the telecommunications and medical products.
``It can really be a downward spiral to death.'' Henrich, an Independence, Mo., resident who came close to qualifying for the U.S. Olympic team in 1988, died after battling eating disorders for several years.
Because of her love for her adoptive parents, Vickie waited until after her mother's death to begin her search for the brothers and sisters she never knew.
Because of her love for her adoptive parents, Vickie waited until after her mother's death to begin her search for the brothers and sisters she never knew.
Because of her love for her adoptive parents, Vickie waited until after her mother's death to begin her search for the brothers and sisters she never knew.
So when the east-west expressway, also called Interstate 287, was shut down early Wednesday morning after a propane tanker slammed into a concrete overpass and erupted in a ball of flame, severely damaging the overpass, the impact on traffic reverberated for miles and lasted for hours.
It was really terrible, and there was nothing we could do about it.'' But officials for the New York State Thruway Authority, which is in charge of Interstate 287, said the conditions on the expressway itself were not as bad as they had expected because they had enough time after the 12:30 a.m. accident to warn morning commuters.
But the deal apparently collapsed after the two companies deadlocked over the value of Thinking Machines.
Conway's driver's license had been suspended for 17 days in March 1992 after he failed to inform state authorities of an accident he had had in Hempstead, N.Y., Filieau said.
His license had also been suspended for two days in 1991 after he failed to pay a summons for driving a car that had an out-of-date inspection certificate.
``But I feel very strongly that this type of activity has to stop.'' She said she introduced herself to the four Republicans after overhearing the conversation.
However, she said, Fisher does not want to discuss the issue until after the complaint has been investigated.
Despite the changes on the East Mojave, the House vote was a big leap forward for the bill's supporters, clearing the decks for final passage this fall after an eight-year Republican blockade.
``What it means to me is there is going to be a bill this year,'' Feinstein said after the vote.
Army officials said Wednesday that West had dropped his proposal to allow women to use the advanced artillery system after Sullivan presented him with the views of some commanders in the Persian Gulf War who fired the system not from the rear, as the doctrine calls for, but directly behind tanks at the front.
But West backed down from his proposal to allow women to fly helicopters that ferry special operations troops after Gen.
In 1989, 12 years after Mrs.
Army officials said Wednesday that West had dropped his proposal to allow women to use the advanced artillery system after Sullivan presented him with the views of some commanders in the Persian Gulf War who fired the system not from the rear, as the doctrine calls for, but directly behind tanks at the front.
But West backed down from his proposal to allow women to fly helicopters that ferry special operations troops after Gen.
In 1989, 12 years after Mrs.
 (BC-AMES-CIA-4THTAKE-NYT) THE UNRAVELING: In Retrospect, Witch Hunt's Role For four years after he returned to Washington, Ames continued slipping documents to the KGB -- the CIA's plans for recruiting Russian officials, reports on the agency's operations in Moscow, whatever he could steal.
In June 1993, after a bitter struggle, the FBI won control of the investigation.
 (BC-AMES-CIA-4THTAKE-NYT) THE UNRAVELING: In Retrospect, Witch Hunt's Role For four years after he returned to Washington, Ames continued slipping documents to the KGB -- the CIA's plans for recruiting Russian officials, reports on the agency's operations in Moscow, whatever he could steal.
In June 1993, after a bitter struggle, the FBI won control of the investigation.
The bridge proposal, made to the Yankees by the state Department of Transportation as part of a $380 million plan to upgrade access to the stadium, is another effort by New York officials to keep the team in the city after its lease expires in 2002.
They came during an unusually upbeat week for the Clinton administration's foreign policy and only three days after Clinton presided over the declaration for peace between Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin of Israel and King Hussein of Jordan at the White House.
The companies will face a 10-day waiting period after Lilly complies with the request for more information, unless the FTC decides to waive the waiting period.
PREMATURE BOY DELIVERED IN BID TO SAVE BLAST VICTIM NEW YORK  (BC-TRUCK-EXPLOSION-BABY) Fighting to save two lives, doctors delivered a premature baby boy Wednesday, hours after his mother's body was extensively seared by a propane truck explosion on a White Plains expressway early Wednesday morning.
``The cost is too high,'' Ravitch said at a news conference after the bargaining session at a New York City hotel.
	The stock of Biogen soared after the biotechnology company announced promising results in slowing the devastating effects of multiple sclerosis, a disease of the nervous system.
	The dollar fell against the German mark after an economic report raised concern about U.S. inflation.
	Coffee futures prices rose in volatile trading after Brazil reported worse-than-expected damage from two freezes.
``That was an internal Houston Oilers matter.'' Ryan, fired by Philadelphia after the 1990 season, had returned from a two-year NFL exile to join Pardee's Oilers staff for the sole purpose of positioning himself to receive another head coaching opportunity.
The PBS station in Chattanooga, Tenn., pulled the program after a bomb threat.
After expressing initial enthusiasm for a sequel, PBS backed out two months after Duggan, previously a Federal Communications Commission member, took over as president.
McGwire underwent surgery on the heel last October after missing the last five months of the season.
I told him it felt great, that I was over the hill with it.'' But after McGwire advanced to second on Terry Steinbach's single, manager Tony La Russa called a hit-and-run with Mike Bordick at the plate.
 (BC-AMES-CIA-4THTAKE-NYT) THE UNRAVELING: In Retrospect, Witch Hunt's Role For four years after he returned to Washington, Ames continued slipping documents to the KGB -- the CIA's plans for recruiting Russian officials, reports on the agency's operations in Moscow, whatever he could steal.
In June 1993, after a bitter struggle, the FBI won control of the investigation.
``I believe we are making very significant progress on draft legislation to lift the ban on export of Alaskan crude oil,'' he told reporters after a National Petroleum Council meeting.
Meanwhile, Holy Bull exercised lightly at Monmouth after working a sharp seven furlongs between races Sunday afternoon.
Fallon was awarded the account after a two-month review that included BBDO, Chiat/Day and McCann-Erickson, all of New York, and Mullen Advertising of Wenhem, Mass.
Three-year-old Eo's demise comes little more than a year after it began trying to sell its hand-held communicators.
``Eo's board of directors voted to close Eo after several months of efforts to find other external financing bore no fruit.'' The company is not filing for bankruptcy, but will liquidate its assets.
AT&T merged Go into Eo after gaining control of both companies last year.
in March came out with a new version of its pen-based Newton machine after critics blasted the original Newton's poor handwriting recognition.
But although wanted in the murder of a motel clerk in Montgomery Township, Pa., in June 1993, he was released on his own recognizance after a fingerprint check showed no prior arrests.
But Wednesday, after further investigation, a spokeswoman for the division, Colleen Roche, said: ``The system worked.
Foreman was arrested on burglary charges in New Jersey three days after the killing of his girlfriend.
The Manhattan district attorney's office will seek his extradition after the Pennsylvania proceedings are concluded, a spokeswoman, Barbara Thompson, said.
Nonetheless, minutes after her re-election to a one-year term by a unanimous vote, Mrs.
Gresser said in a brief speech after the vote at the board's headquarters in Brooklyn.
Cortines threatened to use his powers for the first time to suspend a community school board, No. 12 in the Bronx, after the board rejected his demand to dismiss the principal of a failing intermediate school in that district.
The House voted 298-128 after sharp disagreement among lawmakers, including a divided California delegation.
Injured people receiving comfort and medical attention Wednesday after the explosion.
The propane tanker in the rear yard of 103 Clinton Street in White Plains after the blast catapulted it off the roof of the house.
Injured people receiving comfort and medical attention Wednesday after the explosion.
The propane tanker in thm sear yard of 103 Clinton Street in White Plains after the blast catapulted it off the roof of the house.
The propane tanker in the rear yard of 103 Clinton Street in White Plains after the blast catapulted it off the roof of the house.
This is the festival house that Wagner built, the shrine where 10 operas form the sacred texts are repeated year after year.
Injured people receiving comfort and medical attention Wednesday after the explOs[KK %].X)ZI%M 	(NYT20) WHITE PLAINS, N.Y. -- July 27, 1994 -- TRUCK-EXPLOSION-2, 7-27 -- A tractor-trailor slammed into a bridge over an expressway here early Wednesday, hurling a blazing propane tank through the air like an out-of-control missile and setting off fires that injured 23 people as flames leaped from house to house.
The propane tanker in the rear yard of 103 Clinton Street in White Plains after the blast catapulted it off the roof of the house.
Signed to a three-year contract last summer, Weiss is scheduled to get $1.2 million over the next two seasons and had been receiving payments for the first month-plus after his dismissal.
Ex-Clippers forward John Williams, another casualty of the 27-55 season that returned the Clippers to the Pacific Division basement after back-to-back playoff appearances under Larry Brown, has also not received money due him from the Clippers.
``We're going to be monitoring the situation closely to make sure that those obligations are fulfilled.'' Fitch, out of coaching for two years after compiling an 844-878 record in 21 seasons, might be one of the few people not intimidated by the prospect of trying to reverse the Clippers' sagging image.
``Most people go into the sport because it's a chance to try something different.'' Being an adventurous person myself, I became certified after snorkeling off Cozumel, Mexico.
Our kelp forests are not only unique but world-famous.'' Max Frankl, a certified diver for four years, was attracted to the sport after trying a resort course (which does not certify) at Club Med in Cancun, Mexico.
Interviewed last month after her son's death, Ms. Rufo said she had not seen him for five years and had last talked to him by telephone two years ago.
Johnson had snoozed during the crossing from Catalina after spending a long day pulling on big calico bass.
Attorney Robert Shapiro made the decision after Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Lance Ito set up guidelines limiting the participation of defense experts in the splitting of evidence at Cellmark Diagnostics, a laboratory selected by prosecutors.
Ito called Wednesday's emergency hearing after receiving a letter from the laboratory objecting to an earlier court order that defense experts Dr. Henry Lee or Dr. Edward Blake be allowed to ``cut'' a 10 percent portion of the blood evidence.
Attorney Robert Shapiro made the decision after Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Lance Ito set up guidelines limiting the participation of defense experts in the splitting of evidence at Cellmark Diagnostics, a Germantown, Md. laboratory selected by prosecutors.
Ito called Wednesday's emergency hearing after receiving a letter from the laboratory objecting to an earlier court order that defense experts Dr. Henry Lee or Dr. Edward Blake be allowed to ``cut'' a 10 percent portion of the blood evidence.
5 after which Ito will decide whether the defense should be given access to the 10 percent portions for its own testing.
Rufo's attorney, Michael Brewer, announced the complaint Wednesday afternoon, about a week after it was filed in Los Angeles Superior Court.
Brewer said Rufo decided to move forward with the lawsuit against Simpson after seeing the evidence presented against the former football star during his preliminary hearing.
The rain interruption began with one out in the eighth, after Stanley had singled to center for his third hit of the night.
He stopped after passing Howe, looking around bewildered.
Young succumbed to blunt force trauma a day after suffering head injuries while Cummings cared for him at her home in the Los Angeles area of Reseda.
The victory gave New York a sweep of this three-game series, their first sweep in St. Louis since June 25-27, 1990, and it put their record after the All-Star Game at 8-5.
Bonilla's eighth-inning homer came with Todd Hundley on first after a single and came in the same inning in which Tim Bogar blasted at two-run shot of his own.
Bonilla made up for that damage with his first homer, in the fourth, which came with Brogna on base after a broken-bat single to the right side of the infield.
Cummings, a former PTA president from the Los Angeles area of Reseda, is accused in the 1990 death of 9-month-old Kevin Young, who succumbed to head injuries a day after he was rushed to the hospital while the defendant was baby-sitting him.
Cummings, a former PTA president from the Los Angeles area of Reseda, is accused in the 1990 death of 9-month-old Kevin Young, who succumbed to head injuries a day after he was rushed to the hospital while the defendant was baby-sitting him.
``I'm the type of person, when I get challenged the way I'm being challenged, I kind of relish getting after it,'' said manager Marcel Lachemann.
Two innings later, after Geronimo Berroa's three-run home run off Joe Magrane, it was 10-2.
It enabled Oakland manager Tony La Russa to pull winner Ron Darling (10-9) after five innings and tune up four other pitchers by giving them one inning apiece -- the surging A's, thus, were able to treat the game as a spring exhibition.
His presence in left field figures to be a vast improvement over Bo Jackson, who bumbled there frequently after being forced onto the field by Salmon's absence.
After discussing the issues, and after tossing water balloons onto the sidewalk, they will break out a calendar.
Like August 8, or 8-8, which also represents the type of year a 20-game winner usually has the season after he signs a lucrative new deal.
The promotion, Del Mar's first major giveaway since 1981, proved so popular that all 25,000 hats were handed out by 2:10 p.m. -- five minutes after the first race.
Powis Castle ran the mile on grass in 1:36 1/5 after chasing a fast pace, and paid $6.
 (BC-RAC-DELMAR-NOTES-LADN) Horses rarely return to racing after breeding.
How Switzer's five years away from football after his 1989 resignation from the University of Oklahoma will affect him is unknown.
A quarterback who turns gun-shy overnight, or soon after he pockets a big-bucks contract.
``We feel comfortable that he knows the system as well as we do and understands what we're trying to get done after being here for five years.
In last January's Super Bowl, he was runner-up MVP to teammate Emmitt Smith after collecting 11 tackles (10 solo), returning a fumble 46 yards for a touchdown and setting up a touchdown and a field goal with an interception and a caused fumble.
And you always got your money's worth from Charlie.'' The Rangers allowed Hough to become a free agent after the 1990 season, a decision that broke Charlie's heart but one that Grieve says he still won't second-guess.
``Although we got Preston Pearson in 1975, we had a period after Duane (Thomas) and Calvin (Hill) where we didn't have anyone up around the high yardage.
The Clippers' oft-stated aversion to making public the details of the nearly 75-day search was magnified the past few days after the disclosure of Sterling's financial dispute with Weiss and Tuesday's report in the Daily News that Pfund -- their top choice with Georgetown's John Thompson uninterested and Seattle's George Karl unavailable -- rejected the Clippers' proposal.
The Nets were 40-42 under Fitch in 1991-92, with the veteran coach resigning after a first-round elimination.
He came into the league with expansion Cleveland in 1970-71 and guided the Cavaliers to three playoff berths after their inaugural 15-67 season.
Children with high-risk forms of the disease, such as acute lymphoblastic leukemia, have only a 40 percent survival rate two or three years after treatment.
The doctor had known the boy had a very high-risk form of the disease, but after three successful years of treatment, its sudden return in a patient who had become a friend was doubly shocking.
But that came after years of hard work.
For what it's worth, this marks the second movie this week -- after The Client -- where a youngster has to hire a lawyer.
Porter began her career as a computer programmer for General Electric, after majoring in math in college.
Ned McWherter is leaving office after two terms with the state in great shape economically.
They can be counted on to go to the wall for Thompson when he squares off with Cooper after the primary.
Look for him to file a suit right after the election that will challenge the constitutionality of out-of-state contributions to political campaigns -- followed up by an appearance on ``Larry King Live.'' Then, just for curiosity's sake, there is what must surely be the first Yankee-on-Yankee Southern governor's race ever: Sundquist is from Illinois, and Phil Bredesen, the odds-on favorite for the Democratic nomination, is from New York and once ran for the Massachusetts Legislature.
Two weeks after his TV debut with Bernstein, the conductor called upon the pianist again, asking him to fill in for an indisposed Glenn Gould on the New York Philharmonic subscription season.
Taken away from their families and kept in poor housing, they would relax after a six-day week by singing and dancing into the wee hours on Sunday mornings.
It protected Hussein from any designs Hafez Assad next door might have had on Jordan on behalf of his claims to a Greater Syria, and it was at least a provisional assurance to Israel, especially after the peace with Egypt, that its immediate neighbors would be unlikely to attack it again.
Shortly after assuming the prime minister's post in 1940, the miraculous rescue of British troops took place at Dunkirk.
And my pickup, unlike a 747, pretty much stays close to the ground, seldom reaching 30,000 feet except after driving over a particularly ambitious speed bump.
(Give my son that much cash and he'll buy a new Power Ranger and leave the rest in his pocket for me to wash.) This woman, after ordering every cosmetic surgery on the menu, has left no part of her body intact.
San Bartolome had captured Eendracht only after a chase, and the stunned crew of Mauritius was praising God for victory and escaping toward home on the wind caught by its one remaining sail.
I became intrigued by the battle -- and by the possibility of finding San Diego -- after reading the accounts of the ships' commanders.
Work began in January 1992, after typhoon season.
San Bartolome had captured Eendracht only after a chase, and the stunned crew of Mauritius was praising God for victory and escaping toward home on the wind caught by its one remaining sail.
I became intrigued by the battle -- and by the possibility of finding San Diego -- after reading the accounts of the ships' commanders.
Work began in January 1992, after typhoon season.
This time he's after a criminal who also heads the security force for a Southern California theme park.
But certainly at this point, I think everybody would agree that after all the publicity and public commitment the party has made, it would be better for the party to get him on the ballot.'' 
The chamber in question is the small room in the maximum-security unit (aka death row) of a Mississippi state penitentiary (aka Parchman) where executions are carried out after years of appeals have exhausted all parties.
Indeed, the film now recognized as Capra's masterpiece, ``It's a Wonderful Life,'' flopped in 1946, and Capra never recovered commercially or creatively after that.
Yet the overriding message of this hour is that great whites are not remorseless eating machines with a strong taste for humans after all.
The show is, after all, the ultimate nonerotic voyeuristic experience.
``Frankly, it's a silly thing to do,'' said John White, a physicist at Lawrence Livermore Laboratory who co-authored the book ``Batting Basics: The Science of the Perfect Swing.'' Belle's bat was confiscated after Chicago White Sox manager Gene Lamont made the cork accusation during a July 15 game.
After the hearing, Wofford and aides realized the error after discussing the matter briefly.
The biggest the Pennsylvania delegation has even been was after the 1910 census through 1930 when 36 House members and two senators represented the state.
Through reapportionment after the 1990 census, the state delegation dropped to 21 House members and two senators.
There was the mother, a Pulitzer Prize-winning photographer, whose daughter had screaming fits every night for months after her husband left them.
 (BC-BBO-KIDD-TRIAL-HNS) Basketball star Jason Kidd has been ordered to stand trial on misdemeanor hit-and-run and speeding charges after his attorney and an Alameda County, Calif., prosecutor failed to agree on a negotiated settlement.
Her idea of splurging after she becomes a millionaire is to buy a large jar of macadamia nuts, and to savor every one.
Though ``It Could Happen to You'' lacks Bergman's usual flash of originality, it is not nearly as soupy as last year's romantic hit ``Sleepless in Seattle,'' and it isn't saddled with the tortured plot of ``I Love Trouble.'' It ends with yet another last-minute miracle, one that proves New York is full of good-hearted people after all.
He had both legs until he was 21, after spending seven years in and out of hospitals and in tremendous pain from a series of ulcers and bone infections.
One of his climbing companions on McKinley was Adrian Chase, who set the current record in 1990 when he reached the 50th summit 101 days after he reached the first.
And another strong candidate for this list is ``The Mask,'' a Jim Carrey comedy opening after a near year-long publicity campaign hyping its computer-generated comedy-effects.
My sense is that, after the third sequence of cartoonish effects, much of the audience was finding them rather tiresome, and maybe even longing for what the movie left out: a good story and a performance by a real human being.
The hearing before the Senate Rules and Administration Committee was on a proposal by Wofford to end the practice among Senators of changing offices after elections or when office space closer to the Capitol or with a better view opens up.
After the hearing, Wofford and aides realized the error after discussing the matter briefly.
The biggest the Pennsylvania delegation has ever been was after the 1910 census through 1930 when 36 House Members and two Senators represented the state.
Through reapportionment after the 1990 census, the state delegation dropped to 21 House Members and two Senators.
Let stand 5 minutes after removing from oven.
It begins when Fred (Chris Eigeman) appears on the Spanish doorstep of his cousin Ted (Taylor Nichols), who greets him with the old saw about house guests stinking after three days.
``My father lost his job with the INS after 15 years.
It was one thing after another.
I worked hard to make it back, and three days after I got back to the Bears, I was arrested for drunk driving.
	CRIME-BILL (Washington) -- Senate and House conferees approve the $30 billion crime bill after agreeing to drop the ``racial justice'' provision and keep a ban on 19 types of assault weapons.
A bill to authorize a National Biological Survey was withdrawn by the Clinton administration after property rights proponents added an amendment restricting the government's access to private property and forbidding authorities from using volunteers to complete the survey.
Reporters asked Vice President Al Gore about this -- on the day after the Pentagon made ready to send upwards of 2,000 U.S. troops into Rwanda without bothering to brief the president.
In 1986, he bought a dental practice in Manhattan after the dentist had retired.
Miles, a business consultant for dentists in Virginia Beach, Va., said many clients come to her after business falls off or a major employer moves away.
``The younger doctor might pay one-half after two and a half years and the rest at retirement,'' Ms. Miles said.
She worked with Kacie on the ``New Era Computer Company,'' which doubled its sales after increasing spending for advertising.
Sedaka, who now has homes in Manhattan, Los Angeles and Westport, Conn., was recently crowned king of Brooklyn and had his boyhood street named after him.
``He knows how to do this.'' That becomes demonstrably questionable as I hit my ball up hill after hill, only to watch it roll slowly back down.
	Britain, which after the United States has been the major financial supporter of the Rwandan relief programs, called Thursday for more emphasis on repatriation.
SEEKING SATISFACTION IF THERE'S NO QUICK FIX  (BC-CAR-SMART-LEMON-ART-$ADV31-NYT) The first state ``lemon laws'' were passed a dozen years ago, to provide legal remedies for consumers with relatively new, problem-plagued cars that are not fixed after repeated repair attempts by a dealer or manufacturer.
``It's in everybody's interest if the problems are resolved internally, rather than through arbitration.'' Although state laws differ, a lemon is generally defined as a new car, van or light truck with a significant defect that has not been successfully repaired after at least four attempts or is in the shop at least 30 days; the name derives from the bad taste such vehicles leave in their owners' mouths.
It was not until 1982, after statutes were passed in Connecticut and California, that buyers obtained officially sanctioned recourse when the safety, use and value of their cars were impaired.
If you decide to take action under a lemon law, remember to find out how much time you have after the ``triggering event'' -- the first manifestation of the problem you want fixed.
In fact, he made little secret of his contempt for what he termed ``the so-called Whitewater affair,'' telling fellow lawmakers ``as I've said repeatedly, ad nauseum, we are not here to prosecute anyone.'' Gonzalez already had referred to Whitewater as a ``witch hunt,'' fed in large measure by ``the jackal press.'' He had resisted the hearings, but grudgingly acquiesced after the House approved a bipartisan resolution last month.
Bill Zeliff, R-N.H., wants to attach an amendment applying ``polluter-pays'' only to those businesses that dumped hazardous waste after 1986, when Congress made that practice illegal.
	WASHINGTON (NYT) -- Almost a year after President Clinton called for a far-ranging anti-crime bill, congressional negotiators agreed Thursday to hire 100,000 new police officers, ban assault-style firearms, vastly expand the death penalty and put third-time felons behind bars for life.
This technology had disappeared among the societies encountered by Europeans after 1492.
Prospects for a shift to drier weather after a wet July have begun to worry soybean traders.
Lindsay was taken by ambulance to Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center on Thursday morning after becoming dizzy on a steamy platform at Grand Central Terminal.
Lindsay, who was mayor from 1966 through 1973 after serving four terms in Congress, has a history of heart disease and has been in fragile health in recent years.
In January 1988, he underwent surgery to repair a heart valve, suffered a mild stroke in March 1989 and was hospitalized in January 1990 after collapsing at a luncheon with what was diagnosed as a drop in blood pressure.
In recognition of the inescapable fact that someone must look after the children while their mothers are at work, many of the proposed plans provide for access to day care.
The $2.5 billion offer might be substantially less after taxes.
``I disagree with the critics,'' he said, ``but after this fight, there's no more to say, no more criticism.
A day or so after that, the sons of Rufus arrived.
Written by the Netherlands-born Menno Meyjes (``The Color Purple,'' ``Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade'') and directed by the Hungarian-born Eva Sereny (here making her feature debut after careers in still photography and documentaries), this European-American co-production smacks of tourists trying to tell the locals about their own culture.
If you're in a bad mood after this one, give up.
``I'm CNN, she's the Home Shopping Network''), his growing appreciation of Yvonne (their idea of a good time is passing out free transit tokens to rush hour subway riders) and how they discover, after some sobering setbacks, that New York can be a terribly generous place.
You can also cut grasses back in June or early July, after which they'll make a comeback during fall rains, he said.
He joined the Yankees in 1982, the year after their last World Series appearance and, in his 11-year career, has become one of the best players in club history.
But we couldn't wait to make our stand after the season.
Britten, born three years after Barber, often does unpredictable things in setting words to music, but his quirks tend to work in ways Barber's don't.
``I even had to call (Warriors coach-general manager) Don Nelson cold to introduce myself, maybe six months after I became an owner.'' Cohan recalled that he and his wife, Angela, had to ``browbeat'' his partners into introducing him to Warriors star Chris Mullin at a party.
In the first division, Chimes Band made a strong comeback after three straight losses.
But the misunderstandings, I suspect after having spent quite a few weeks here, go in both directions.
And he remained involved after he joined the faculty of the University of Chicago in 1950.
But the deal foundered on Jerusalem, he said: The King said he must get back East Jerusalem, but the Israeli government would not give up the Greater Jerusalem it had declared after 1967.
A few days after his Pulitzer was announced in April, Carter was nearby when one of his closest friends and professional companions, Ken Oosterbroek, was shot dead photographing a gun battle in Tokoza township.
Gebbie is scheduled to step down next Tuesday, exactly a year after taking the job.
But hours after their meeting, the independent Congressional Budget Office threw cold water on the plan's credibility, saying the White House overestimated -- by about $1 billion -- the amount of money it could raise.
She has become easily the second most prominent woman in Ireland, after President Mary Robinson.
Charging the mound, after all, has become a sport within a sport.
``Albert comes in the first game home after the corked-bat incident and gets a five-minute standing ovation,'' general manager John Hart said.
Stoll, a lawyer in Kansas City, Mo., who represents Lawcard, said that a lawyer's involvement with a client's finances ends after the application is provided and that the percentage that the company receives is nothing more than a service charge.
``And looking at all the things that happened in isolation, one can understand why they chose to treat it lightly.'' The situation at Baker & McKenzie, which had a sexual harassment policy as early as 1990, earned this rare public airing because of what transpired after members of the property department gathered in 1991 for their fateful lunch.
``And if your idiosyncrasy is liking women, everybody says, `That's the way he is.' '' For a long while after Ms. Weeks' complaint and subsequent lawsuit, Baker & McKenzie staunchly defended Greenstein, whose thriving trademark and copyright practice included Silicon Valley software publishers like Borland International Inc.
Although he always brings his cassette player on the field, O'Brien said he never listened to it until Thursday in Petrovsky Stadium when he exceeded his world-record pace by 16 points, totaling 4,736 points after the first five events of the 10-event, two-day competition.
``I felt that today overall was steady,'' O'Brien said after a few cool-down laps on the practice field.
That's 16 more than he had after five events on the way to his world mark of 8,891.
I can't complain at all.'' He did offer one criticism, about the long wait for the starter's gun in the 400 after the runners were introduced and went to their lanes.
``I did my last warmup at 7:30 and I needed some rest after the high jump.
He sees breaking ball after breaking ball, and at times he gets frustrated, but he has done the job.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
GIANTS' ROOKIE TURNING, AND SHAKING, HEADS FLORHAM PARK, N.J.  (BC-FBN-GIANTS-MAUMALANGA-NYT) Last week during a meeting with the team Coach Dan Reeves was telling players who had to do extra running that they had a choice when to do it: either before practice or after it.
What I should have said was, `Excuse me, sir, Mr. Reeves, I would like to take the extra running after practice.' Instead of saying, `Coach Reeves, I'm not going to run.' ``A couple of guys took me out after that and gave me some advice, saying, `Look, next time you've got something to say like that, pull Coach Reeves aside and tell him one-on-one.' I paid the price.
By law, Virginia, for example, may not do so after 1997.
They suggest for example, that people learning to ski might improve their performance after a few nights' sleep.
Thus ability to find one's way around a new city should improve after a night's sleep.
Experiments done in Canada show that students who get some sleep after studying for an exam retain more information than those who stay awake overnight.
But while doing those experiments, Karni, who is now at the National Institute of Mental Health in Bethesda, Md., noticed that subjects improved after an eight-hour delay.
Although Seoul has now distanced itself from his claim, this was the latest in a series of spats that erupted after the North took offense at the South's unwillingness to offer condolences on the death of President Kim Il Sung.
But the senator said he could assure her, after the king's invitation, that she would be safe, and he expected she would go very soon.
The senators said the king had suggested that the matter could be resolved within a week after Mrs.
Stride Rite Corp., in Cambridge, Mass., began offering a personal-defense workshop last year after a woman, who was not an employee, was mugged in a nearby parking lot.
``Managers often trigger the violence by the way they handle difficult decisions.'' He cites an incident last fall at the Mare Island Naval Shipyard in Vallejo, Calif., after its impending closure was announced by support staffers who had little information about the criteria used for layoffs or what severance pay would be offered.
8, 24 hours after a gunman boarded the same train and shot and killed six passengers and wounded 19 others.
Insect populations, like many flowering plants and shrubs, burst forth this spring after heavy snow insulated them from winter's harshness and then deeply watered them as it melted.
Four years ago, Ms. Norton, a national civil rights advocate, squeaked into office after a brutal campaign that revealed the fact that she and her husband had not paid District taxes for seven years.
The mayor is required to come up with $150 million in spending cuts 30 days after Clinton signs the budget bill.
``We've always enjoyed a good personal relationship,'' Ms. Norton said, ``but after the first year the problems in the city kept Mayor Kelly from paying close attention to the Congress.'' Ms. Kelly is equally circumspect, saying that they have good relations while ``agreeing to disagree'' on some issues.
Some politicians speculate that Ms. Norton's success on Capitol Hill and in the city has alienated Ms. Kelly, particularly after a photograph in The Washington Post earlier this year showed the two women seated at the same table but seemingly grim-faced and looking in opposite directions.
``What separates him is his enthusiasm and his joy for the game after 41 years,'' said Gary Cohen, his WFAN radio partner.
``It's remarkable to have that infectious joy after so long.
I loved every minute of my six years there.'' Then, after spending 1960 and 1961 in Baltimore, Murphy joined Nelson and Ralph Kiner with the Mets.
But soon after their removal, the Mfengu began a tireless campaign of petition and protest and publicity-seeking that accelerated into a high-profile crusade as the authority of apartheid waned.
Given the difficult hand we were forced to play, we played it about as well as you can.'' Said Wilson spokesman Dan Schnur: ``The spectacle of one of the state's top elected officers bad-mouthing California's fiscal health can't help but hurt matters.'' Said James Lynch, a longtime muni bond follower who writes an advisory letter: ``It is abhorrent (for Brown and Davis) to bad-mouth their state during a major financing that is crucial to the future of the state.'' Several days after the presentation, Moody's and Standard & Poor's downgraded the state's credit ratings, meaning that additional interest must be paid out.
Several days after that, a $4 billion financing went through, but only because $3.9 billion of it was backed by a bank syndicate, which as you can imagine, doesn't come cheap.
If you're (begin ital)really(end ital) after controversy, try Louisiana, where Lazard Freres and First Boston gave half their fees from a bond deal to an African-American-owned bond house that did no work but whose owner had ties to Gov.
They are, after all, the state's top financial officers.
Brown could have been fully supportive of Wilson's budget, but that would have been politically outlandish; she must, after all, run against the guy.
Players sign to their coaches in between passes and after making baskets.
Given the difficult hand we were forced to play, we played it about as well as you can.'' Said Wilson spokesman Dan Schnur: ``The spectacle of one of the state's top elected officers bad-mouthing California's fiscal health can't help but hurt matters.'' Said James Lynch, a longtime muni bond follower who writes an advisory letter: ``It is abhorrent (for Brown and Davis) to bad-mouth their state during a major financing that is crucial to the future of the state.'' Several days after the presentation, Moody's and Standard & Poor's downgraded the state's credit ratings, meaning that additional interest must be paid out.
Several days after that, a $4 billion financing went through, but only because $3.9 billion of it was backed by a bank syndicate, which as you can imagine, doesn't come cheap.
If you're (begin ital)really(end ital) after controversy, try Louisiana, where Lazard Freres and First Boston gave half their fees from a bond deal to an African-American-owned bond house that did no work but whose owner had ties to Gov.
They are, after all, the state's top financial officers.
Brown could have been fully supportive of Wilson's budget, but that would have been politically outlandish; she must, after all, run against the guy.
The last time they led their division after an All-Star Game break was in 1987.
Stride Rite Corp., in Cambridge, Mass., began offering a personal-defense workshop last year after a woman, who was not an employee, was mugged in a nearby parking lot.
``Managers often trigger the violence by the way they handle difficult decisions.'' He cites an incident last fall at the Mare Island Naval Shipyard in Vallejo, Calif., after its impending closure was announced by support staffers who had little information about the criteria used for layoffs or what severance pay would be offered.
Instead of lobbing legal motions aimed at gumming up the proceedings, he offered a $3.3 billion reorganization plan that would fully repay the senior creditors with cash raised through selling bondholders the right to buy Macy stock at a certain price after it emerged from bankruptcy.
But after the Fourth of July weekend, Miller had a new client that also happened to be a Federated supporter.
The announcement came at the end of a day in which Simpson's defense team, after much yes-we-will-no-we-won't indecision, finally agreed to show up at a Maryland laboratory and accept an offer to help the prosecution divide blood samples that may play a crucial role in Simpson's trial for murder.
He was freed after posting a $250,000 bond, with prosecutors saying they would determine later what specific charges, if any, to lodge against him.
Last week, after meeting weith the new government established in Rwanda, the commision declared it safe for Rwandans who had fled to return to their homeland.
Britain, which after the United States has been the major financial supporter of the Rwandan relief programs, on Thursday joined the call for more emphasis on repatriation.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) One week after President Clinton announced that the U.S. military would provide assistance for the Rwandan refugees, little American support has arrived, and there is confusion about what the United States will supply and when.
Robert Mirelson, the American military spokesman here, said he did not know how many troops would be going to Kigali and that no decision on the matter would be made until after Secretary of Defense William Perry visits.
What is happening now is called a ``spontaneous repatriation,'' people going back on their own after hearing by word of mouth that returning is safe.
``A strike is a last resort,'' Donald Fehr, the players' labor leader, said at a news conference after the vote was taken.
No one wants to play more than the players do.'' Fehr added: ``We believe absent an agreement the owners will impose a salary cap sometime after the season.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Last January, after an 18-month effort, Richard Ravitch, the owners' chief labor executive, induced the owners to adopt a new formula for sharing their local revenue.
SOME SEE GROWING VIOLENCE IN CHURCH-MAFIA RELATIONS ROME  (BC-ITALY-CHURCH-MAFIA-NYT) One year after powerful bombs damaged cultural and church monuments in Italy, investigators announced recently that they had issued eight arrest warrants and detained two suspects.
Documents first published in 1989, when the church struggle against the Mafia was beginning to galvanize, show that in 1963, after a powerful bomb killed eight policemen in Palermo, Pope Paul VI urged Palermo's archbishop, Cardinal Ernesto Ruffini, to condemn the Mafia.
