``I guess he was attracted to the knife,'' store clerk, Jose Camacho, said in testimony after Wattenberg.
Camacho said he was under a lot of pressure to talk when the media descended on the store days after the killings.
``we learned a lot from this.'' Panagoulias criticized the players for being ``amateurs'' after the 4-0 loss to Argentina in their opening game, but the biggest humiliation for the Greeks was the 4-0 loss to neighboring Bulgaria in Chicago last Sunday.
Officials put the time of Nicole Simpson's death after 11 p.m. because Simpson and her mother, Judi Brown, had talked by phone at that hour.
New York left two runners on base in the ninth after Ken Ryan whiffed Jim Leyritz and retired Danny Tartabull on a flyout to the warning track in right field.
(The Yankees rebounded for a 4-3 victory in 10 innings Wednesday after Steve Howe botched the save.) After Wickman retired Andre Dawson on a popout to second with two on in the seventh, he stumbled in the eighth.
Lambert was tough -- the 5-foot-3, 113-pound jockey was arrested near Santa Anita one night in 1968 for trying to punch a 6-foot-2, 200-pound policeman after a friend was stopped for drunk driving.
David Flores took the day off to be with his wife, Martha, after the birth of their third daughter.
Its central assertion is that police climbed the 5-foot wall of Simpson's home after they failed to reach him by telephone with news of his ex-wife's death, and did so without sufficient reason to breach Simpson's privacy.
``I guess he was attracted to the knife,'' said store clerk Jose Camacho, who testified after Wattenberg.
Camacho said he was under a lot of pressure to talk when the media descended on the store days after the killings.
Instead, she unconvincingly admitted knowing of the attack only after it was committed.
Officials put the time of Nicole Simpson's death after 11 p.m. because Simpson and her mother, Judi Brown, had talked by phone at that hour.
MAVS' DUMAS RETURNS TO KANSAS CITY KANSAS CITY, Mo.  (BC-BKN-DUMAS-DRAFT-KAN) Tony Dumas still appeared a bit shellshocked as he met with the Kansas City media Thursday, a day after being selected by the Dallas Mavericks as the 19th pick in the NBA draft.
So much so, in fact, that he asked one of his roommates to give him back the Mavericks ballcap Dumas had given him after his tryout.
``I don't know if a movie could do it justice,'' he said Thursday afternoon, putting his feet up on his desk at the Bristol, Conn., studios after a day of continuous ESPN cut-ins with updates on the Simpson pre-trial hearing.
NBC attempts a return to baseball programming with an hour-long ``All-Star Selection Show'' with Bob Costas, Sunday at 4 p.m. after the finals of the AVP Manhattan Beach Open ...
Reggie Jackson said it in Thursday's USA Today, discussing how as a 23-year-old outfielder with the Oakland A's in 1969 he wilted in his pursuit of Roger Maris' single-single season home run record after hitting 37 HRs by the All-Star break: ``I couldn't handle the media.
After plowing through a wildly acclaimed PBS series on the Civil War, the documentarian has finally come out of his hole after splicing together a 19-hour miniseries on the history of baseball.
``At the end of the season, Larry said he felt Malik and I didn't get a good deal there from the Pacers,'' said Richardson, who along with Sealy was forced to sit out all of the Pacers' surprising run to within one victory of the NBA Finals in Brown's first season with Indiana after resigning abruptly from the Clippers.
``With the type of people we've brought in, it's changed the team around quite a bit.'' Running it on the court will be Richardson, 28, the 10th pick in the 1989 draft who, five seasons after making the NBA All-Rookie Team, found himself left off Brown's playoff roster.
The slender 6-foot-8 forward played sparingly in 1992-93, his first season out of St. John's as the No.14 overall pick in the '92 draft, and this year was slowed by a severely sprained right foot after a brief opening stretch in which he averaged 12.4 points over 12 games.
The 1978 California death-penalty statute was approved in a statewide voter referendum after a 1976 U.S. Supreme Court ruling allowed states to resume capital punishment.
BULGARIA STUNS BLUE ARGENTINA  (BC-SOC-WCUP-BULGARIA-TEX) An undefeated first-place favorite when the day began, Argentina finished it as a wild-card long shot after nothing short of a disastrous day.
MARADONA IS BOOTED FROM CUP  (BC-SOC-MARADONA-TEX) FIFA's 10-man organizing committee, after an hourlong meeting at the Four Seasons Resort in Las Colinas, decided to bar Maradona from further World Cup matches, including last night's 2-0 loss against Bulgaria, after his urine specimen twice tested positive for the banned substance ephedrine.
Maradona, who has a history of drug problems, including an arrest in Argentina and a 15-month FIFA suspension for use of cocaine, could receive a lifetime ban from FIFA-sanctioned play after testing positive for the stimulant following his team's 2-1 victory against Nigeria last Saturday in Boston.
Maradona, who led Argentina to the World Cup championship in 1986 and is considered the greatest soccer player since Pele, will have his long-range fate determined when FIFA, world soccer's governing body, conducts a special meeting after the Cup.
One of two randomly selected players to be tested after the game against Nigeria, Maradona's sample immediately tested positive and then was sent to Los Angeles for what FIFA officials termed a ``counter test.'' Those results, available at 2 a.m. yesterday, confirmed the presences of five prohibited drugs -- ephedrine, norephedrine, metephedrine, normetephedrine and pseudoephedrine.
When Bulgaria breaks the scoring ice in the match's 61st minute, the stadium announcer mistakenly pipes up, ``Ladies and gentlemen, scoring for the country of Romania...'' In the interview area after the game, the contrasts bounce off the tent walls in a tangle of languages.
It's nice to see how they start to act normal after about five minutes.'' According to the federal census, two-thirds of people with disabilities are unemployed.
But after about five minutes of face-to-face conversation with Jacobson, it becomes pretty easy to understand his own hoarse, slightly slurred speech.
It's nice to see how they start to act normal after about five minutes.'' According to the federal census, two-thirds of people with disabilities are unemployed.
But after about five minutes of face-to-face conversation with Jacobson, it becomes pretty easy to understand his own hoarse, slightly slurred speech.
Keep in mind this was someone flirting with .200 early on after suffering one bizarre injury after another.
Keep in mind this was someone flirting with .200 early on after suffering one bizarre injury after another.
When we go forward (on offense), we must be careful of their counterattack.'' Still, Parreira isn't going to grant (set ital)too(end ital) much to his opponents; there are some limits, after all.
 (BC-BKN-WARRIORS-365&ADD-SFCHRON) The Golden State Warriors and the Seattle SuperSonics have come away from the NBA trading table with a four-player deal, after a strange bargaining session that lasted late into Wednesday night.
Kennan, the earliest possible time that deals again can be made is one week from Friday (July 8), after a hearing in court.
``We'll wait until after the tournament,'' he said.
CHERNOBYL'S BETTER SAFE THAN SORRY  (BC-CHERNOBYLLIONS-ECONOMIST) Eight years after one of its nuclear reactors blew up and sprayed radioactive dust across northern Europe, two of Chernobyl's other reactors are still pumping out electricity.
Ukraine, however, is thinking of reopening next year a fourth Chernobyl reactor, closed after a fire in 1991.
CHERNOBYL'S BETTER SAFE THAN SORRY  (BC-CHERNOBYLLIONS-ECONOMIST) Eight years after one of its nuclear reactors blew up and sprayed radioactive dust across northern Europe, two of Chernobyl's other reactors are still pumping out electricity.
Ukraine, however, is thinking of reopening next year a fourth Chernobyl reactor, closed after a fire in 1991.
Having broken the $2-billion-a-year sales barrier in 1988, only six years after it was formed, Compaq at first ignored the trend towards cheap, basic PCs. Reality struck in 1991, when the firm's sales fell by 9 percent to $3.3 billion and its net profit tumbled 71 percent to $131 million.
Having broken the $2-billion-a-year sales barrier in 1988, only six years after it was formed, Compaq at first ignored the trend towards cheap, basic PCs. Reality struck in 1991, when the firm's sales fell by 9 percent to $3.3 billion and its net profit tumbled 71 percent to $131 million.
This would, however, be risky -- it is, after all, North Korea's huge army that now sits massed at the border and ready to attack.
This would, however, be risky -- it is, after all, North Korea's huge army that now sits massed at the border and ready to attack.
Casting a black cloud of controversy over the World Cup, Maradona, 33, was withdrawn from the tournament by the Argentina Football Association and suspended from the sport indefinitely by FIFA after flunking a random drug test following a 2-1 victory over Nigeria last Saturday.
Maradona was banned from the sport for 15 months in 1991 for testing positive for cocaine after a match in Italy.
``It is with great sadness we have to say Maradona is suspended,'' FIFA president Dr. Lyle Joao Havelang said after arriving from Washington, D.C., 55 minutes into the news conference.
My friend's diet was forever changed several years after watching a ``60 Minutes'' program.
But after awhile, you just get to liking the whole idea.
``They massage them for each other after a strenuous performance.'' Although no ballet competition has been plagued by a Tonya Harding-Nancy Kerrigan scandal, the tenor of the times is such that extra security measures have been taken this year, says Sue Lobrano, IBC executive director.
Barely an hour after looking awesome on stage, a couple of young men in everyday jeans and sweat-soaked T-shirts are hitting the ball across the net as if this were the game that really counted.
A 44-year-old California man died in January, less than three weeks after he went to the hospital complaining of pain in his right arm, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Thursday.
Since 1980, 19 people have died after rabies exposure.
Raccoons are especially dangerous because they can survive weeks or months after becoming infected, Strickland said.
The Teamsters halted the walkout after UPS agreed to negotiate the handling of the packages and to require two workers or appropriate lifting devices until a settlement is reached.
``Soccer died,'' according to a Brazilian newspaper after a Brazilian team that had made it to the World Cup final by trouncing Sweden 7-1 and Spain 6-1 lost to Uruguay in the final 2-1, right in front of 170,000 Brazilian fans who left the huge stadium weeping.
In 1954, in the infamous Battle of Berne, Switzerland, Brazil was so frustrated in a semifinal loss to Hungary that players went after each other with fists and broken bottles.
And in what has become an annual occurrence, the Suns had a low first-round pick in the NBA's annual meat market, which means poking through the leftovers after others get their pick of the choice cuts.
They watched one future multi-millionaire after another get taken, including somebody named Dickie Simpkins.
So finally, almost two-and-a-half hours after the festivities began, the Suns got their chance.
He's a player with attitude, often striking a defiant hand-on-hips pose after a big play reminiscent of bald-headed Yul Brynner in The King and I.
That's because two of the comic-book crime-fighters who appeared after the Shadow beat him to the screen.
16-27, just after the Olympic Games.
The laser -- dubbed the National Ignition Facility -- would cost about $1.1 billion and be used partly to simulate aspects of nuclear explosions and to maintain a skilled team of nuclear weapons experts after an anticipated global ban on nuclear bomb tests.
Lab officials say the laser is essential to ensure the safety and reliability of the U.S. nuclear arsenal after bombs can no longer be legally test-detonated.
``Women have always had an important role in our society because of their contributions to national defense and reconstruction after our wars,'' says Binh, a prim 67-year-old who wears the ``ao dai,'' silk pants and tunic, traditional costume of Vietnamese women.
Even worse, prostitution has returned with a vengeance to Vietnamese cities after a 20-year hiatus.
``Women have always had an important role in our society because of their contributions to national defense and reconstruction after our wars,'' says Binh, a prim 67-year-old who wears the ``ao dai,'' silk pants and tunic, traditional costume of Vietnamese women.
Even worse, prostitution has returned with a vengeance to Vietnamese cities after a 20-year hiatus.
Vaclav Havel, the playwright, poet and dissident who became president of the Czech Republic after the downfall of Communism, surprised Freeh with a request to have FBI agents stationed in Prague.
Slovakia police chief Stefan Lastovka said part of his country's crime wave is attributable to the amnesty that emptied the prisons shortly after the fall of Communism.
In fact, even while the dollar has slid through one post-World War II low against the yen after another this year, Japan's trade surplus with the United States has continued to expand.
The LDP, which formed a marriage of convenience with the Socialists to regain power after a year in the wilderness, is the conservative political machine that has governed Japan almost without interruption for four decades.
---- On April 23, 1987, a year after Mary Tene Steiner began nursing Liotweizen, her husband, Philip H.
Lawmakers who weren't invited to the soiree were understandably miffed to learn shortly after 8 p.m. that Senate votes had been postponed until 9:30 p.m. to accommodate the diners.
The Russian-born Beesley was a teacher who emigrated to the United States in 1946 via Hong Kong, where she taught English to Chinese students after being released from the Japanese prison where she was confined during World War II.
27, 1992, two months after filing a lawsuit against Danny Tene, a 30-year-old son of Angela Tene, seeking to quiet title to her property.
Her suit alleged he placed what she thought was a rental agreement before her, but after she signed it she learned it was a joint tenancy agreement.
``Everybody's hugging to their existing businesses rather than reaching out to other industries.'' A week after breaking off merger talks with EDS, for example, Sprint Corp.
``Ethel Merman came into the role after that.
Most of us were spanked as children.'' Larson said he had received about 100 calls after he unveiled his idea at Monday's meeting of the Greater San Antonio Crime Prevention Commission, which he chairs.
VAN CLIBURN-TOUR-SKED) FORT WORTH, Texas  (BC-VANCLIBURN-TOUR-840(2Takes)-TEX) Almost half a century after 12-year-old Van Cliburn first looked at the music in his mother's piano studio in Kilgore, the Fort Worth-based pianist still loves Tchaikovsky's First Piano Concerto.
In 1953, after he won the Leventritt Prize, one of the most prestigious musical awards in the immediate postwar era, it served as his debut piece with the New York Philharmonic and conductor Dmitri Mitropoulos as part of the prize.
Just a few weeks after taking the prize in Moscow in 1958, awash in international renown, Cliburn recorded the piece with the RCA Symphony Orchestra and Russian conductor Kirill Kondrashin (who had conducted the finals at the Tchaikovsky Competition) at Carnegie Hall.
Nor does she claim Clinton kept after her.
You have to watch the students because they'll get overcharged and just crash.'' Students tote heavy bags under their eyes after pulling all-nighters in studios that hum 24 hours a day.
And no, this is not the ``Chihuly Glass School'' or ``Chihuly Workshop.'' Dale Chihuly resigned as artistic director in 1990, after conflicts with then-director Alice Rooney, to take a seat on the board of directors.
In a letter to his colleagues last week, Hill said he would resign only after ``an official judgment'' of his guilt had been made.
12, or after Hill has exhausted his appeals.
Watching the whole series on tape in one sitting the other night, I could see the dramatic tension drop off sharply after that kiss in Paris.
 (BC-BART-STRIKE-HNS) Negotiations between two BART unions and district managers continued Friday after labor leaders lifted their strike deadline of one minute after midnight, averting a service shutdown over the holiday weekend.
Wilson invoked a similar cooling-off period in 1991 after BART workers walked off their jobs for 75 minutes.
A fifth summit has been set for Washington in September, after Yeltsin speaks before the U.N. General Assembly.
U.S. presidents usually enjoy a bounce in their popularity after they travel aboard.
Before and after the G-7 summit, he is likely to leave a warm glow in the Baltics, Poland and a reunited Germany.
He appeared at show after show, in a pack of other celebrities' children like Sofia Coppola, the daughter of Francis Ford Coppola, and Zoe Cassavetes, a daughter of John Cassavetes and Gena Rowlands.
Julia Roberts, after all, can't be at every show.
Where will we be the year after that?
Many of those windows were built into public housing projects after World War II.
The bears, along with two jaguars and a leopard, were seized by U.S. Customs Service officials late Tuesday after the trailer was stopped at a port of entry near Amistad Dam in Del Rio, Texas.
In fact, even while the dollar has slid through one post-World War II low against the yen after another this year, Japan's trade surplus with the United States has continued to expand.
The LDP, which formed a marriage of convenience with the Socialists to regain power after a year in the wilderness, is the conservative political machine that has governed Japan almost without interruption for four decades.
When the first Wyatt was born in 1848, he was named Wyatt Berry Strapp Earp after Col.
``This is 10,000 percent accurate,'' Earp whispered after watching the first gunfight and murder on the big screen.
It can, after allowing the human player time to solve various chess positions, produce a rating showing relative strength to other chess players.
(Interplay recently announced an agreement with the U.S. Chess Feder- ation to produce a computer program that will give players an official USCF ranking after they have played games with the computer.
In fact, I think her first words to me that morning were, ``You'd better trim the bushes after you get through mowing the lawn.
By that afternoon, shortly after she told me to clean out the garage, I was weeping openly.
Fernandez fled shortly after the bomb went off and remains a fugitive.
Authorities said the guests fled through the hotel kitchen after the explosion, leaving expensive furs and jewelry behind.
	With tears in his eyes, Arafat knelt after crossing the border from Egypt and kissed the ground -- land that he has not seen in decades and that for the first time has come under Palestinian authority and, for now, his personal stewardship.
Barnes of Time magazine and Simon Dring of the BBC, arrived at the scene on Wednesday afternoon, several hours after the incident, said witnesses told them that most of the victims were women and children.
	``As long as he goes to Gaza and Jericho, not Jerusalem, that's O.K..'' he said after walking out of a theater ticket office with his girlfriend.
Fish will continue to cook after being removed from heat.
Moynihan to accompany him on a visit to Franklin Delano Roosevelt's estate at Hyde Park, N.Y., soon after the Inauguration last year, Clinton wanted to talk about his vision of health care reform.
Last month, he proposed his own plan -- similar to the president's -- but dropped it after finding his fellow committee members didn't share his enthusiasm.
``It gets really annoying after a while.
COFFEE AND OIL FEED BOOM IN COLOMBIA BOGOTA, Colombia  (BC-GLOBAL-MARKETS-ART-$ADV03-NYT) World attention swiveled to Colombia last week after a freeze damaged coffee crops in Brazil and sent coffee prices spiking up to eight-year highs.
But this seems to be changing after Colombian police shot and killed Pablo Escobar, the country's most notorious cocaine trafficker, last December.
Bogota's exchange, the largest in the Andean region, ranks as Latin America's fifth largest -- after the exchanges in Mexico City; Sao Paulo, Brazil; Santiago, Chile, and Buenos Aires.
Bogota's boom stems from myriad factors, starting with the healthy economy of Colombia, South America's most populous nation after Brazil.
Speaking just hours after a 10-minute telephone call with President Clinton, he often referred to notes that appeared to have been provided by the Japanese foreign ministry.
His papers show that long after the Nazis sealed off the ghetto, he continued to meet with youth organizations.
His papers also include an application form, dated 12 days after Hitler ordered the isolation of the Jewish district, to become one of its police officers.
Reisner traced testimony that he was killed shortly after his arrival.
Greenbaum learned that several days after the city fell to the North Vietnamese, soldiers showed up looking for him and his Vietnamese wife.
BAY AREA'S ALL-JAZZ STATION TO SWITCH TO ALL-SPANISH FORMAT SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-KJAZ-SPANISH-RADIO-HNS) KJAZ-FM, for 35 years the Bay Area's all-jazz radio station, will switch to an all-Spanish format in a month, after an unusual public fund-raising drive failed to raise enough money to head off the station's sale, a broadcast broker says.
``It's his country and our country now.'' The 64-year-old PLO leader, clad in his traditional olive-green uniform and trademark checkered headdress, dropped to his knees, kissed the ground and prayed after crossing from Egypt into the Gaza Strip border town of Rafah.
Because he liberated us from the Israeli occupation,'' said Ahmed Abu Matter, 62, after listening to Arafat's 30-minute address.
The bill would permit abortions in cases of ``difficult material conditions or a demanding personal situation.'' Walesa, a devout Roman Catholic, has consistently said he would veto any liberalization of the current law, which was introduced early last year after a strong campaign by the church.
At a conference of bishops held last month after the lower house approved the abortion legislation, the church issued a statement that most politicians interpreted as war on the ex-Communists.
Two years after a tide of Haitian migrants flooded a tent city set up at this U.S. naval base on the southeast tip of Cuba, prompting President George Bush to order the Coast Guard to begin turning back Haitian boat people without considering their requests for asylum, Guantanamo has reopened its door to the refugees.
Now, Sinriel said, ``The army is after us.
President Clinton reopened Guantanamo to the Haitians on Wednesday, after the U.S.S. Comfort, a floating center for processing Haitian boat people in the waters off the coast of Jamaica, and two berthing vessels working with it, were overwhelmed with more than 2,500 Haitians early in the week.
Margie McHugh, executive director of the New York Immigration Coalition, said in an interview after the forum that she had not seen all of the proposals but that she supported requiring employers to pay the prevailing wage and the principle of detaching the immigrant's fate from the sponsor's.
``Closing St. Brigid is a crime, it's a sin,'' Bryan told the congregation after the church's last official Mass Thursday.
Several people who had attended early morning Mass at Nativity were distressed to see a locksmith changing the locks on the church doors promptly after the service.
``Exactly,'' said William Hooper of North Carolina, ``because Rodney had to put up with a lot of ham-handed joshing about death.'' ``Nothing infuriated him more,'' William Paca of Maryland recalled, ``than someone clownishly clapping him on the back and saying, `Are you really dead, old chap, or was Mark Antony just spoofing about coming to bury Caesar, not to praise him?''' This reminded Robert Treat Paine of Massachusetts of the time William Floyd of New York had cried, ``Great Caesar's ghost!'' when Rodney came down to breakfast looking the worse for wear after a congenial evening with Benjamin Franklin of Pennsylvania.
Moynihan to accompany him on a visit to Franklin Delano Roosevelt's estate at Hyde Park, N.Y., soon after the Inauguration last year, Clinton wanted to talk about his vision of health care reform.
Last month, he proposed his own plan -- similar to the president's -- but dropped it after finding his fellow committee members didn't share his enthusiasm.
I think what we should do is go after them and go after him.'' Alexander, speaking at a conference sponsored by the Project for the Republican Future, a network of conservative activists and organizations, also asserted that most Perot voters ``are more naturally inclined to the Republican party than they are to the Democratic party currently led by President Clinton.'' Some Republicans have urged party officials to reject an offer of $1 million from Perot to produce a GOP-sponsored television program criticizing President Clinton's health care plan.
Ms. Koh was so incensed by the slight that she left Moscow the morning after the finals.
We knew it had to be something in the engine.'' The Federal Aviation Administration issued an airworthiness directive a few months after the crash, reiterating Turbomeca's recommendation that operators of the Arriel 1B engine check for rubbing sounds.
(If you usually burn after 10 minutes in the sun, using a sunscreen with SPF 15 should allow you to stay out in the sun 150 minutes or 2 1/2 hours longer without burning, providing the sunscreen doesn't wash off or sweat off.) SPF 15 has been used as a kind of benchmark for sun protection because originally it was the highest rating the FDA gave.
Earnings last year fell 69 percent, to $35.2 million, or 96 cents a share, after the company took a $101.3 million restructuring charge in last year's fourth quarter.
Total sales at independent grocers -- which will still represent about 65 percent of Fleming's business even after the merger -- fell to $79.6 billion last year from $82 billion in 1992.
``We had the right pictures tonight and the market goes by what you have to sell,'' de Pury said after the sale.
``Arafat has a record of murders and hostility, and it's difficult to forgive him after we've brainwashed ourselves to hate him,'' Mickey Zeiger said as she stood near a store with her husband.
Intimately familiar with the political intricacies of Congress after serving 16 years in the House and several years as chairman of the powerful Budget Committee, Panetta is very much a Washington insider.
Everything was perfect, until they tried to kiss after exchanging vows.
JURY VERDICT: DIVORCE DENIED NEW YORK  (BC-PEOPLE-BRIEFS-NYT) Divorce denied: that's what a jury said to Al Goldstein after five minutes of deliberation on Thursday.
	Goldstein, 58, the producer of ``Midnight Blue,'' a cable television program, and the publisher of Screw magazine, had filed for both a divorce and an annulment after four years of marriage to Patricia Flaherty Goldstein, 32.
	Douglas, introduced to the National Press Club in Washington on Thursday as ``the man with the million-dollar dimple,'' said that after making 81 movies and writing four books, he was ``at the point of making a career change, and what better venue than this to announce it.'' 	``I feel I have honed my acting and writing skills sufficiently to become a news reporter,'' he said.
TCI now trades for about one-third less than in did in the heady days after that deal was announced.
The CBS-QVC deal was disclosed only days after the announcement that Diller had been named to the Television Academy Hall of Fame.
With tears in his eyes, Arafat knelt after crossing the border from Egypt and kissed the ground -- land that he has not seen in decades and that for the first time has come under Palestinian authority and, for now, his personal stewardship.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) He left no doubt that his eye remained, as ever, on Jerusalem, saying its name rhythmically three times in a row after a litany of places in the Occupied Territories where he said Palestinians would go to pray.
Many other Israelis took the view, shared by their government, that Gaza is now in Palestinian hands after 27 years of full Israeli occupation, and so Arafat's trip here is a journey among his own.
Nasser al-Bayad, a municipal worker in Gaza City, could barely contain his emotions over finally getting to see the PLO chairman, whose last time in the territories -- actually, the West Bank -- is believed to have been 1967, soon after Israel's victory in the Middle East war that year.
TREASURIES SEESAW IN LIGHT TRADING NEW YORK  (BC-CREDIT-NYT) Prices of Treasury securities seesawed Friday in an abbreviated and thinly traded pre-holiday session after a series of conflicting economic reports that failed to generate more concern about inflation and higher interest rates.
Asmime Pierre, a 25-year-old sales clerk, said she and her husband, Jeudy, fled after he was arrested for belonging to the party of the exiled President, the Rev.
The share price of CBS, which confirmed Thursday that it was in negotiations to merge with QVC, fell 6 points, to 307, after generally positive assessments of the proposed deal by Wall Street analysts and a sharp run-up Thursday.
There have been distractions off the field, most recently the dismissal of the versatile and volatile midfielder Stefan Effenberg, who was shown the door after making an obscene gesture to a group of German hecklers during Monday's surprisingly narrow 3-2 victory over South Korea.
So last week Blue Cross said, well, profit is O.K. after all -- and allowed its members to shed their nonprofit yokes and sell stock.
``The contact group maps we heard about are humiliating,'' Karadzic said after meeting in Belgrade with Aleksei Nikiforov, a Russian diplomat, and Serbia's president, Slobodan Milosevic.
Brazilian stars Bebeto and Romario might have looked marvelous to much of the world in the first round, but after a 1-1 draw with Sweden, a fire of criticism was ignited back home.
But after earning six first-round points, including three with a surprising win over the Netherlands, the Belgians seem to have it together.
He may begin spending weekends away from the halfway house after he starts working, said Irene Schwartz, a Salvation Army secretary.
Bakker made few comments as he walked into the halfway house after a short ride from the airport.
Clearly, the George Washington University center who decided on the for pros after his sophomore season is still something of a question mark.
RENO ASKS REAPPOINTMENT OF WHITEWATER PROSECUTOR WASHINGTON  (BC-INDEPENDENT-COUNSEL-NYT) One day after President Clinton signed a bill reinstating the independent prosecutor law, Attorney General Janet Reno asked a panel of judges to appoint the Whitewater prosecutor, Robert B.
On Thursday, the 33-year-old Maradona, who has a history of cocaine use, was withdrawn from World Cup play by the Argentine delegation after tests found five derivatives of the drug ephedrine.
``I don't agree with the historical Argentine view of a conspiracy, but I believe there is a conspiracy against Maradona,'' said Osvaldo Soriano, an Argentine writer, who questioned the fairness of the draw that chose to take a urine sample from Maradona, as one of two Argentine players, after its match with Nigeria.
``I feel very sorry for Maradona as an individual, but for Argentina, maybe this will inject a sense of discipline and help us realize that if we are to be part of a group of mature countries we have to respect rules and how the game is played.'' There has been an unmistakable surrealism about Maradona and his comeback after being banned from international soccer play for 15 months in 1991 for cocaine use.
Anheuser-Busch Companies trades under the moniker BUD, after its most famous product, Budweiser beer.
Similarly, Seagram Co. goes by VO, after its whiskey.
The appointment came only after heated arguments in Congress, which had to exempt him from a law generally prohibiting retired military officers from holding such positions.
In a Capitol corridor after the vote, Dole told Ejup Ganic, the vice president of Bosnia, ``It's not over yet, just like it's not over over there.'' Ganic told reporters that with the debate, at least ``the American people understand more about aggression, about genocide, and we'll be back.'' He added, ``It's obvious we have to spend more time in the Senate.'' Despite the closeness of the votes, the Senate on Friday at least avoided the contradictory message it sent in May when it voted both to lift the embargo unilaterally, as Dole proposed, and not to lift it unilaterally, in an administration-backed measure offered by Sen.
Martina Navratilova, in turn, goes after her 10th women's championship today against Spaniard Conchita Martinez today (8 a.m. CDT).
The $480,000 payday also would put Nav ratilova over $20 million in career earnings as she nears retirement after 21 years on the pro tour.
And after the assassination in Dallas -- where he helped carry the president from the Lincoln convertible into Parkland Memorial Hospital -- he devoted the rest of his life to preserving the Kennedy legacy.
And ever since the Wisconsin primary he has worn the same ``Kennedy in '60'' tie clip in the shape of the PT-109, the vessel Kennedy made famous after World War II.
aren't going to get arrested.'' If the closure is approved, police said they would first issue warnings to people who remain in Union Square after hours.
The platform committee rejected the commendation after panel member Tom Cottar III argued that Hutchison had taken President Clinton's side on too many bills.
I'd written not long ago about the 6-foot-11-inch center from George Washington University who left school after two seasons to enter the National Basketball Association draft.
My error was one of perception that formed last March, a few days after the National Collegiate Athletic Association tournament.
Shortly after the Colonials returned to campus, Dare announced that he was making himself available for the NBA draft.
When we spoke a week or so after Dare's departure, Jarvis said that Dare was not ready and bemoaned the fact that he had not exploited the educational potential of the institution.
Mostly, he blasted Gillman for luring Yinka away from school and cited questionable behavior going back to East Carolina, where Gillman resigned as head coach after committing recruiting violations that led to the school's being placed on probation.
When Dare spoke after being drafted, he made it clear -- by what he said and with the conviction with which he said it -- that he knew exactly who he was, where he was going and how he was getting there.
He sat out two seasons and, after careful monitoring and treatment of the heart condition, Williams was cleared to play and had two strong seasons at Notre Dame.
Each player made a commitment and a decision: Yinka Dare decided to come out after two years.
``I hope she gets the death penalty,'' a tearful Susan Conroy, Robert Samuels' sister, said after verdicts were read in Van Nuys Superior Court.
Roberts Samuels, a motion picture camera operator who worked on ``Lethal Weapon'' and ``Heaven Can Wait,'' was killed by a shotgun blast at the suburban North Hills home he shared with Mary Ellen Samuels after their 1980 marriage.
Pete Wilson is rarely inspiring, is hardly charismatic and, after three decades in public life as mayor of San Diego, U.S. senator and governor of the most populous state, he still looks far more comfortable behind the scenes plotting campaign tactics than out on center stage.
That helps explain why, having presided over the biggest recession in California since the Depression, and after being 20 points down in some public opinion polls last summer, Wilson is rebounding in his campaign for election to a second term.
Rolando Mora, a 30-year-old music instructor from a town near Havana, arrived in Key West this morning after a Coast Guard cutter rescued him and two friends from a raft made from gas cans and wooden planks.
In Haiti, where military officers have ruled since September 1991 after ousting the nation's democratically elected president, the Rev.
George Deukmejian after spending eight years in the Los Angeles District Attorney's office, where she specialized in sexual assault cases.
The witnesses said that the dog was first heard howling shortly after 10 p.m. and that it was found roaming the neighborhood not long thereafter.
It stayed very close to us.'' Schwab said that eventually he led the dog to his home and, after unsuccessfully trying to get city animal shelter workers to pick it up, turned it over to a neighbor, Boztepe, for safekeeping.
But for the most part, the witnesses stuck with major details of their testimony to the court, attributing the discrepancies to sloppy police work or to misstatements they had made after a traumatic night of hardly any sleep.
Camacho, a clerk at a Los Angeles cutlery store, testified that on May 3 he sold Simpson a 15-inch knife, after having it sharpened at Simpson's request.
Dana Rannels, 24, emerged from one this morning after testifying in a preliminary hearing involving her boyfriend's alleged domestic violence against her.
And this week, after 39 years in Congress, years in which he has made more friends and more enemies than most members of Congress have constituents, Dingell, a 67-year-old Democrat from the outskirts of Detroit, suffered the biggest disappointment of his career.
But the chairman conceded that ``some of those I didn't want are standing with me now better than some of those I did want.'' Dingell said he expected the House, after a ferocious fight and with few if any Republican votes, to pass a health bill that would guarantee insurance for all.
CUOMO AND LEGISLATORS BACK BILL TO PRESERVE SCHOOL DISTRICT FOR HASIDIM ALBANY, N.Y.  (BC-NY-HASIDIC-SCHOOLS-475-(2TAKES)-NYT) Just four days after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that a public school district created specially for ultra-Orthodox Jews was unconstitutional, Gov.
Richard Gephardt of Missouri, the House majority leader said he believed both Houses could pass legislation ``that provides for universal coverage and cost containment and improving the health care system.'' Clinton then sent a letter to every member of Congress, saying: ``When Congress returns after the recess, you will have the opportunity to vote to provide guaranteed health coverage to every American.
More than half of Ingres' 250 engineers became job hunters on Monday after CA took control of the company and its parent, Ask Group of Mountain View, Calif.
``I live in Bridgeport, and there are a lot more problems on the street than drunk driving,'' said Barbara Hoyt, a graphic designer at the University of Bridgeport, after the police checked her license and registration and waved her through.
Although the crimes occurred in both boroughs, the case is to be prosecuted by District Attorney Richard Brown of Queens, who said, ``These are two malicious killings.'' The police picked up Lee on Friday afternoon, they said, after questioning another youth who said he had overheard the group bragging about what they had done.
Occhetto resigned on June 13 after the party, which he steered away from Marxism, failed to recover ground in last month's European Parliament vote from its resounding defeat in March general elections by Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia party.
is completed, the new company should not see a decrease in its per-share earnings, even after paying CBS shareholders about $2.9 billion in cash.
That was one conclusion that Wall Street analysts reached Friday after a lengthy, if somewhat confusing, conference call with CBS executives.
In trading Friday, the stocks of both CBS and QVC eased a bit after surging on Thursday in reaction to the planned merger.
The assistant director, Popi Beazoglou, said, ``I've never seen anything so organized.'' Many painters said that whatever insights they had or had not gained they left after having physically changed and improved one small corner of the world.
The hearing recessed early Friday, however, after prosecutors sought time to review tape recordings of witness interviews made by defense lawyers.
Fenjves lived across the alley from Nicole Simpson and said he had never heard a dog bark that long and ``at that pitch.'' The dog was still barking when he went to bed shortly after 11 p.m., he said.
Jasdrem Codoue and his son Erkuil, who fled Haiti after Codoue was arrested when he helped a woman scuffling with soldiers.
He died after a long illness, a spokesman for the company said.
Jasdrem Codoue and his son Erkuil, who fled Haiti after Codoue was arrested when he helped a woman scuffling with soldiers.
Jasdrem Codoue and his son Erkuil, who fled Haiti after Codoue was arrested when he helped a woman scuffling with soldiers.
Jasdrem Codoue and his son Erkuil, who fled Haiti after Codoue was arrested when he helped a woman scuffling with soldiers.
Since 1987 three people have died after having been dragged by trains.
It wasn't anything I happily did.'' Perry said conflict-of-interest laws place ``a very heavy burden'' on officials coming into the federal government after successful careers in the private sector.
Its infusion into the case Friday -- one day after testimony linking Simpson to the purchase of a knife weeks before the double slaying also appeared to leave Los Angeles Municipal Court Judge Kathleen Kennedy-Powell confused.
The judge initially planned to unseal the business-sized envelope in open court, but later reversed herself, and then delayed a decision until next week pending legal arguments after objections by Simpson's attorney, Robert L.
-- Stewart Tanner, the bartender at Mezzaluna the night of June 12, said he and Goldman were planning to get together after work, but Goldman never telephoned him.
You just know they are dead from that day.'' -- Pablo Fenjves, a neighbor, testified that he heard a dog barking with ``sort of a plaintive wail'' beginning at about 10:15 or 10:20 p.m., until he went to bed shortly after 11 p.m. He said it was unusual for a dog to bark in that neighborhood for that length of time or at ``that pitch.'' After Friday's hearing, dozens of reporters, TV crews and spectators formed a mob around Shapiro as he left the courthouse.
Richard Gephardt of Missouri, the House majority leader said he believed both Houses could pass legislation ``that provides for universal coverage and cost containment and improving the health care system.'' Clinton then sent a letter to every member of Congress, saying: ``When Congress returns after the recess, you will have the opportunity to vote to provide guaranteed health coverage to every American.
I would like to ask some of these tabloid rodents who pay for stories how they would feel if a loved one was murdered, and the killer went free after key testimony was deemed too tainted to use because of checkbook journalism.
``I think he's the best he's been in training since I've had him,'' said Dick Mandella, who took over Arcangues' conditioning after the Breeders' Cup.
The wild card is Fanmore, who gets in with the co-light weight, 116 pounds, after finishing first or second in 11 of 12 starts on European and California turf courses.
Randy Johnson, who struggled at times on his way to a 12-strikeout evening, was just a memory by the time O'Neill came to bat in the eighth inning, having been chased one batter after allowing a first-pitch home run to Silvestri to center field leading off the Yankee seventh.
Twice, in the third and fifth, Johnson shouted at himself as he stepped off the mound after ending Yankee threats with strikeouts.
The Clippers fired Bob Weiss on May 16 after a 27-55 season that saw L.A. slip to last place in the Pacific Division after back-to-back playoff appearances.
Weiss was hired last summer after a search of more than 60 days following the resignation of Larry Brown.
But timing, of course, is everything and Lieberthal's break came Tuesday after Phillies catcher Darren Daulton suffered a fractured right shoulder.
From the second round on, games tied after 90 minutes will have 30 minutes of overtime (``We're still playing 30 minutes, right?'' asked one U.S. coach) and then the match will be decided by penalty kicks.
``I've got a good chance to start at that spot.'' Klopas hasn't played since the Mexico match after a spring scoring flurry got him a spot on the team.
``It takes a while to warm up.'' Brazilian midfielder Dunga agreed, the subject of Germany's performance coming up after his team's game against Sweden on Tuesday.
But star defender Lothar Matthaeus, who took six stitches in his left foot after Germany's game Monday, is expected to play.
The acquisition of Miller might be the first small step in addressing the Lakers' weakness in the frontcourt, particularly after attempts to acquire Seattle's top pick, forward Carlos Rogers of Tennessee State, failed.
Yes, Sampras finally lost a set after winning his first 17 here.
It took eight straight wins to do it, but after Ron Darling did a number on the Red Sox Friday night, the A's had a 6-3 victory at Fenway Park to pass the Angels in the standings.
``He probably had less to work with than any time lately, and he pitched better,'' Duncan said after Darling held the Sox to five hits, two after the first inning.
I'm proud of the way he came back, after not just last year but the way it all began again.
Krueger, signed by the Padres after getting released by Detroit earlier this season, was called up from San Diego's Class AAA franchise in Las Vegas prior to Friday night's game in order to give the Padres a left-hander in their rotation.
Green also benched JEFF KENT, who has a sore foot, after four and a half innings and put FERNANDO VINA at second.
I don't think any of us will be right for a couple of days after that.'' Many who have moved here from Ireland are encouraged by the enthusiasm of those Irish-Americans caught up in World Cup fever.
The acquisition of Miller might be the first small step in addressing the Lakers' weakness in the frontcourt, particularly after attempts to acquire Seattle's top pick, forward Carlos Rogers of Tennessee State, failed.
While Germany and Brazil remain the favorites, it's obvious after 36 games those traditional world soccer powers will face significant competition.
U.S.: U.S. prefers underdog role Monday at Stanford Stadium, and Brazil is a solid favorite after not allowing a goal until 24th minute against Sweden.
Germans will miss starting midfielder Stefan Effenberg, sent home after making an obscene gesture at fans in Dallas.
A fifth summit has been set for Washington in September, after Yeltsin speaks before the U.N. General Assembly.
U.S. presidents usually enjoy a bounce in their popularity after they travel aboard.
Before and after the G-7 summit, he is likely to leave a warm glow in the Baltics, Poland and a reunited Germany.
As one Japanese diplomat put it, ``this sounds like mush in English, but in Japanese it has a nice, warm feel to it.'' Minister of International Trade and Industry Ryutaro Hashimoto rushed out with his own explanation of Japan's new world role, which he admits in the introduction was ``pieced together from a wide range of my past and present views.'' It includes such daring stands as his declaration that he will make up his mind about Japan's role as a peacekeeper after ``listening closely to reports'' from the Japanese who returned from helping out with elections in Cambodia, more than a year ago.
Two voting-rights cases that disappeared from view after they were argued on Oct.
Blackmun is retiring after a dramatic 24-year tenure that saw him traverse the court's ideological spectrum to end his career as the court's most liberal member.
The term's 84 cases marked a low point after several years of marked decline in the court's argument docket.
The court actually heard 90 arguments this year, but six cases were dismissed after argument or decided without full opinions.
Federal Communications Commission, No. 93-44, comes back after further proceedings.
Meanwhile, many studies find that the justice system, after decades of imposing lighter sentences, is more likely to treat wayward women harshly, be they first-time drug offenders or women who fight physically with husbands or boyfriends, even if they say the men hit them first.
Last September, a 20-year-old professional thief named Patsy Jones stung the Miami tourist industry after she was accused of fatally shooting a German tourist along the Dolphin Expressway with a sawed-off hunting rifle.
In Brooklyn recently, a teen-ager shot and killed a livery cab driver in broad daylight after he resisted her and two girlfriends during a botched robbery attempt.
-- Steal shamelessly from football's point-after play, and right after a regular goal is scored, give that team bonus points for knocking over, say, cola bottles (the marketing possibilities are endless) with well-placed kicks from a distance of 50 meters.
One of these skeptics is McAlpine, the securities analyst, who wonders whether on-line services might lose their allure after the novelty of typewritten communication has faded away.
``Women have always had an important role in our society because of their contributions to national defense and reconstruction after our wars,'' says Binh, a prim 67-year-old who wears the ``ao dai,'' silk pants and tunic, traditional costume of Vietnamese women.
Even worse, prostitution has returned with a vengeance to Vietnamese cities after a 20-year hiatus.
``Lajja,'' which has not yet been distributed in the United States, covers 13 days in the life of the Dutta family, Bangladeshi Hindus, after the Hindu fanatics' destruction in 1992 of a 16th century mosque, the Babri Masjid, in Ayodhya, India.
He long ago moved to Dhaka from the countryside and chose to stay even after it became clear that his wife, Kironmoyee, wanted to flee to India.
What had happened to all these people after independence was won?
`Did you think you could get away after destroying the Babri Masjid?' ---- A despondent Suranjan, drinking with friends, hears his mother (whom outsiders address as Mashima, or ``Auntie'') weeping: The sound of Kironmoyee crying wafted in from the adjacent room.
``Women have always had an important role in our society because of their contributions to national defense and reconstruction after our wars,'' says Binh, a prim 67-year-old who wears the ``ao dai,'' silk pants and tunic, traditional costume of Vietnamese women.
Even worse, prostitution has returned with a vengeance to Vietnamese cities after a 20-year hiatus.
``There are many cases where the defense has outgunned the prosecution, but the prosecution won,'' he said For example, Hearst's 1975 bank robbery trial in San Francisco resulted in a seven-year sentence, which former President Jimmy Carter commuted after she served 3 1/2 (one slash two) years in a federal prison.
Later this month, Fiske said, he will report what he has learned about how senior White House aides handled papers in Foster's office shortly after he died.
A YEAR LATER, FERMAT'S PUZZLE IS STILL NOT QUITE QED One year after a Princeton mathematician convinced the world that he had proved the most famous unsolved math problem, the much touted proof has entered a realm of mathematical limbo.
Wiles, who devised the proof after working in solitude in his attic office for seven years, claimed to have proved a much larger and theoretically more important result, called the Taniyama conjecture.
Garcetti also has been criticized for a series of television appearances he made the weekend after Simpson's arrest.
And some critics say the chief should be using his political clout to push more aggressively to implement the 3-year-old Christopher Commission reforms proposed after the 1991 police beating of King.
``We started out with the contract expiring a day after I took office,'' Williams said.
Breaking with a long tradition of promoting from within, Williams was hired after a career with the Philadelphia Police Department.
Now someone is trying to explain them to the community after someone who didn't feel he had to do that.'' Staggs said he and many other officers do appreciate Williams for pushing the City Council to provide pay raises for officers.
As Williams struggles to deal with the problems that remain after two years, the chief says he and his wife have adjusted well to living in Los Angeles.
``I think that's quite an accomplishment,'' said Watson, who also works as a vice president and agronomist for the Toro Co. The greatest challenge came in Detroit, where after civic leaders decided they wanted to host the World Cup in the Silverdome despite the fact that no one knew how to grow a grass field beneath a sun-blocking domed roof.
There, after chilling it to about 38 degrees, it was loaded onto seven refrigerated trucks and driven cross-country to the Silverdome.
In Pontiac last week, after the last of four World Cup games scheduled for the Silverdome, Rogers oversaw the dismantling of the experimental field.
Two days after the last World Cup game scheduled for Giants Stadium on July 13, the rock group is playing a concert there and stadium operators want the show to go on the artificial turf.
``I think that's quite an accomplishment,'' said Watson, who also works as a vice president and agronomist for the Toro Co. The greatest challenge came in Detroit, where after civic leaders decided they wanted to host the World Cup in the Silverdome despite the fact that no one knew how to grow a grass field beneath a sun-blocking domed roof.
There, after chilling it to about 38 degrees, it was loaded onto seven refrigerated trucks and driven cross-country to the Silverdome.
In Pontiac last week, after the last of four World Cup games scheduled for the Silverdome, Rogers oversaw the dismantling of the experimental field.
Two days after the last World Cup game scheduled for Giants Stadium on July 13, the rock group is playing a concert there and stadium operators want the show to go on the artificial turf.
And yet the least scratch beneath the surface reveals an underside of this obsession: Even after almost 200 years of independence, many Haitians impute nearly all of their country's ills to the United States.
Haiti's military leaders, aiming for the heartstrings of Americans, mount campaign after campaign denouncing the international embargo against their country as an act of genocide.
He was known for virulent anti-Americanism long before he won his country's first democratic elections in 1990; he used to refer to the United States simply as ``the cold land to the north.'' But he chose Washington as his place of exile after he was overthrown.
In one voice, he seems to ask for intervention to help restore him to power after 34 months of exile.
Now, after months of criticism that the United States had not done enough about Haiti's crisis (and even as thousands of refugees set to sea believing they have a better chance of obtaining entry), President Clinton's mention in April of the possibility of using force has loosed a flood of tirades about Washington's motives.
The $4.99 book ends with Simpson's arrest on June 17, after he led police on an extended pursuit through Los Angeles and Orange counties.
Andre Gide, Jean Cocteau, Paul Claudel and Jean-Paul Sartre helped win a presidential pardon for Jean Genet, who had been jailed for theft and prostitution, while Norman Mailer helped win parole for the writer Jack Henry Abbott, who subsequently killed a waiter in Manhattan's East Village six weeks after being released from prison.
The anti-authoritarian legacy of the Revolutionary War, after all, was galvanized by the frontier experience -- which gave us folk heroes like Jesse James and Billy the Kid, and which suggested, as the historian Richard Slotkin has observed, that redemption could be found in violence, that the violent man of action was superior to the plodding machinery of the law.
She is devoted to her 17-year-old daughter, Tess, but after multiple divorces, she has all but sworn off men.
``Uncommon Women and Others'' grew from Wasserstein's Yale master's thesis, emerging full-blown in 1977, a year after she received her MFA.
``We'd hit the Advil, the shower and then the bed,'' recalled Kristen Nannes, a pageant volunteer since age 9 who showed up after work every day for about two weeks.
Judy Flanders, a volunteer in her second year at the pageant, doesn't think she missed a day of the cleanup, which she joined on weekends and after work.
``Every time I came down, Judy had been sitting there for hours and she stayed for hours after I left,'' confirmed Tyson, 32, of Newport Beach.
Half an hour after his question-and-answer session Friday night, he whispered to a Mariners beat writer, Jim Street of the Seattle Post-Intelligencer.
Optional adds follow) The Finance Committee's action came after prior action by the Senate Labor and Human Resources Committee, the House Ways and Means Committee and the House Education and Labor Committee.
Months after the truce, few Americans remember or care about the antic bidding war for Paramount Communications Inc.
Hour after hour, day after day, year after year, he pulls himself through the water with the same long lazy backstrokes, a feat that is highly entertaining to onlookers but has started to perturb the zookeepers.
Second, it would introduce unproved technology at a time when engines are very reliable (at the Milwaukee race a week after Indy, only one of the 28 starting cars failed to finish).
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Shevchenko said that if the problem of alcoholism was not more seriously addressed, ``in a few years we will not have a single family without an alcoholic in it.'' For some last week, the drinking began minutes after their release, only a few blocks from Labor Therapy Detention Center No. 1 in northwest Moscow, where 500 inmates had worked in a key-making factory.
The day after the mass release, the cells were empty, but clusters of women crowded the steps to the front door, imploring the prison authorities to take their husbands back.
He said he had originally planned to return to Myanmar this month but that the government asked him to delay the trip until after July 20, the fifth anniversary of Mrs.
Clinton administration officials say that after months of delay, the State Department will release details this summer on a review of American policy toward Myanmar that will call for a continued ban on international development aid until the junta releases Mrs.
``He's a leader for our players, and that was missing,'' Alfio Basile, Argentina's coach, said after the loss to Bulgaria.
You could see that on the field.'' Maradona was kicked out of the World Cup by the Argentine Football Federation after testing positive for ephedrine, a breathing medication that has properties of a stimulant.
He was tested after Argentina's victory against Nigeria.
The potential embarrassment was so great that this neglect lent credibility to the explanation given by David Watkins, a former White House official who lost his job after borrowing the president's helicopter for a golf outing this spring: he said he had simply been scouting out a course whose proximity might make Camp David more attractive to Clinton.
Even their few past visits have usually come on unusual occasions, like a visit in April 1993 after the death of Mrs.
At a news conference Thursday, more than 100 reporters grilled Parreira on the sad state of his team after the 1-1 draw with Sweden.
This time, win or lose, Parreira is leaving on his own terms after the World Cup, likely to land as coach of Valencia in the Spanish League.
If there is a satisfying victory, 20,000 Brazilians and Brazilian wannabes are expected to parade again through downtown Los Gatos as they did after a 3-0 shutout of Cameroon.
Pete Wilson is rarely inspiring, is hardly charismatic and, after three decades in public life as mayor of San Diego, U.S. senator and governor of the most populous state, he still looks far more comfortable behind the scenes plotting campaign tactics than out on center stage.
That helps explain why, having presided over the biggest recession in California since the Depression, and after being 20 points down in some public opinion polls last summer, Wilson is rebounding in his campaign for election to a second term.
And after the assassination in Dallas -- where he helped carry the president from the Lincoln convertible into Parkland Memorial Hospital -- he devoted the rest of his life to preserving the Kennedy legacy.
And ever since the Wisconsin primary he has worn the same ``Kennedy in '60'' tie clip in the shape of the PT-109, the vessel Kennedy made famous after World War II.
``Exactly,'' said William Hooper of North Carolina, ``because Rodney had to put up with a lot of ham-handed joshing about death.'' ``Nothing infuriated him more,'' William Paca of Maryland recalled, ``than someone clownishly clapping him on the back and saying, `Are you really dead, old chap, or was Mark Antony just spoofing about coming to bury Caesar, not to praise him?''' This reminded Robert Treat Paine of Massachusetts of the time William Floyd of New York had cried, ``Great Caesar's ghost!'' when Rodney came down to breakfast looking the worse for wear after a congenial evening with Benjamin Franklin of Pennsylvania.
One of the men who gathered at the market was Ernesto Carbajal, 23, who was deported after serving time in a California prison for attempted murder and drug sales.
They decided on 42nd Street, after seeing a movie that portrayed the street as running through an especially rough part of New York.
Of his last 18 finals, Sampras has won 16, a tenacious streak that began after his disappointing loss to Stefan Edberg in the 1992 U.S. Open final.
``I'm not satisfied,'' Sampras said after his semifinal victory against Todd Martin.
``Cooperation has become important because the United States is no longer the pre-eminent economic power that it was right after World War II,'' said Gary Hufbauer, an expert on sanctions at the Institute for International Economics in Washington.
If we can keep playing well, maybe the fans will come.'' 	The sad fact is that since shortly after Felipe Alou became the team's manager early in the 1992 season, the Expos have been worth the price of admission, but the would-be fans have shunned them as if they were a group of rebels advocating English as the sole language of Quebec.
``Cordero is hitting the ball like people thought he would, Alou is having a career year, Grissom and Walker are hitting after slow starts.'' 	But, he added, it all starts with pitching.
16, the day after the players get their second paycheck of the month.
Major league batters hit 770 in 377 games, an average of 2.04 a game, after hitting 740 in 379 games (1.95) in May.
His papers show that long after the Nazis sealed off the ghetto, he continued to meet with youth organizations.
His papers also include an application form, dated 12 days after Hitler ordered the isolation of the Jewish district, to become one of its police officers.
Reisner traced testimony that he was killed shortly after his arrival.
And this week, after 39 years in Congress, years in which he has made more friends and more enemies than most members of Congress have constituents, Dingell, a 67-year-old Democrat from the outskirts of Detroit, suffered the biggest disappointment of his career.
But the chairman conceded that ``some of those I didn't want are standing with me now better than some of those I did want.'' Dingell said he expected the House, after a ferocious fight and with few if any Republican votes, to pass a health bill that would guarantee insurance for all.
As the raw emotion of Arafat's triumphant return on Friday fades -- six weeks after the last Israeli troops streamed out of the self-rule areas -- Palestinians are asking themselves some tough questions.
Six months after the trade pact took effect, there's no sign that anything has changed for better or for worse.
``If not, we'll change the name.'' A new name has already been picked: Peguis Highway, after a nearby mountain.
``Seems to me they're washing the streets a little more often since January,'' Chavez said after belting out ``Que Bonito es Chihuahua,'' a popular song in these parts.
Hour after hour, day after day, year after year, he pulls himself through the water with the same long lazy backstrokes, a feat that is highly entertaining to onlookers but has started to perturb the zookeepers.
And in an unforeseen windfall, South Africa, the region's industrial powerhouse, has ceased to be an economic and political pariah after a peaceful democratic revolution brimming with promise.
The immediate centerpiece is a substantial package of Western aid that is expected to be approved, at least in part, after the meeting of the seven biggest industrial nations in Naples this week.
``We are finally getting somewhere.'' After first agreeing to close down the whole Chernobyl plant in 1991, five years after the disaster there, the Ukrainian Parliament dismayed the West by deciding last October that energy needs required the country to retain the two functioning reactors and repair a third shut down after a fire in 1991.
I'm here for the experience.'' Boardman was just as calm after his victory Saturday, dodging speculation about whether he could keep his lead during the next three stages in France and carry the yellow jersey aboard a train through the Eurotunel and then home to England.
For the early months of this season, Boardman had to be surrounded by Gan teammates in a race because he felt insecure in the tightly bunched pack after years of riding alone on the track.
It happened not long after his first inaugural, in 1987, during a trip to Japan meant to promote investment and touristic interest in Wisconsin.
Le Canard Enchaine, a hard-hitting satirical weekly, said that after the plane crash, Mitterrand's office sent a security specialist to Rwanda.
And consequently of our protection, defense and respect.'' Within the French government, the euphemism for its past involvement in Rwanda, a tiny, poor country, is ``expanded military cooperation in the face of external aggression.'' But on the ground, foreign doctors and development workers reported this spring that after the 1990 offensive by Tutsi-led rebels, France was doing more than simply advising the Rwandan army.
 (BC-FRANCE-RWANDA-ASSESS-2NDTAKE-NYT) Yet to France's embarrassment, Rwandan officers who studied at St. Cyr or at the Defense College, France's top military academies, and other Rwandan soldiers are now among those who have been accused of promoting or tolerating some of the gruesome attacks on civilians after Habyarimana's death in the plane crash.
A new one came on Friday in Paris after Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni held an hourlong meeting with Mitterrand.
Maria Alkiewicz, director of legal personnel for Sullivan & Cromwell, the law firm, watched job applicants grow fearful for New York's future after the 1987 stock market crash.
The economy is growing, slightly, after years of recession; the crime rate and real estate prices are down.
His predecessor, U Sein Lwin, a former army general, had resigned, shaken by violent student-led pro-democracy demonstrations after only 17 days in office.
18, after only a month in office, Maung Maung was succeeded by the defense minister, Gen.
Once I stayed, I told myself I was going back after it to enjoy myself.'' Watch him.
He wiggles his posterior before pitches, twirls his bat after pitches and spins his helmet in the dirt after homers.
He has kept notes on each at-bat since high school after reading that is what Rose did.
The note was left one day after Leyritz was fined $100 for being late to a workout and still homered off Toronto's Dave Stewart in a 6-1 victory.
Leyritz was undrafted after hitting .327 at Kentucky so he signed as a free agent in 1985.
But three years after the Persian Gulf war, the Iraqi National Congress, the umbrella organization for Kurdish, Shiite Muslim and Sunni Muslim opposition groups, has little to show for its efforts.
His recorded commentary would be broadcast on the group's television channel in the north that night after the evening news.
They handcuffed him, then found a neighbor to look after the baby he was tending.
``She didn't know that we consider that a sign of disrespect.'' After high school, she won a scholarship to attend college in Albany, where she encountered only one other Indian, an Oneida from upstate New York, and quit in 1971 after two years, homesick for her family on the Rosebud reservation.
When rookie linebacker Jamir Miller, the Arizona Cardinals' first-round draft choice out of UCLA, began throwing up after a minicamp practice in May, the eight-year veteran Seth Joyner walked over and said: ``Don't ever have your head down and hands on your knees around Buddy Ryan.
Two weeks after the coach arrived, Ryan realized that his second-year running back, in the process of rehabilitating torn cartilage in his left knee, was working out in Georgia, and not under the eyes of the Cardinals' trainers.
Buddy left unfinished business at Philadelphia.'' Ryan was dismissed as the Eagles coach in 1991 after five seasons in which he produced solid teams, including the NFC East Division champion in 1988, but always fell flat in the playoffs.
Until we hear otherwise, the assumption is that Andres Escobar was gunned down in Medellin early Saturday morning for the sin of wearing the national colors, for daring to take chances in front of millions, for valiantly and professionally diving after a twisting loose ball, for not being able to stop it from rolling into his own goal.
Sometimes a fan will kick out the television or heap abuse on his team after a bad World Cup.
That exercise, focused for now on Gaza and the West Bank town of Jericho, is expected to move into higher gear after Arafat's arrival in the territories on Friday following an absence of three decades.
Even after the new National Authority is sworn in -- perhaps on Monday during a short Arafat visit to Jericho, although as usual nothing is certain -- so-called donor countries are likely to have their doubts about how effectively and honestly the PLO will use the money.
Frugal living was never a conspicuous PLO virtue until after Saudi Arabia and other gulf countries cut off their donations when Arafat sided with Iraq in the 1991 gulf war.
Wearing her game face in broad daylight before a sentimental throng of 14,000 that ushered her through six matches, all alone under a full moon with just the guard dogs to watch over her and Saturday, for the last time, when she plucked a piece of grass just after taking a final curtsy before the Princess of Wales, Navratilova celebrated her love affair with Wimbledon.
In the second set Navratilova leapt out to 4-0 lead after Martinez, hampered by a muscle strain to her backside, took an injury timeout for treatment and, after using a few more games to work the stiffness out of her body, she struck back and broke Navratilova in the sixth game.
But then, after stepping up her momentum in the middle set, Navratilova lost a step in the third.
``This is a new beginning for me, and I'm looking forward to my life after tennis; I'm not going to disappear off the face of the Earth.
Ball control is mandatory, lest players spend the afternoon chasing after Brazil's attack the way kids chase after an ice cream truck.
John Harkes is suspended for one game after receiving two yellow cards.
If the score is still tied after a 30-minute overtime, the game moves to a penalty-kick shootout.
That's really the challenge that we have.'' In a news conference after the committee vote Saturday, Mitchell was pressed on how he could reconcile a bill without a new requirement that employers pay with a bill that has one -- which is the case with the measure passed by Sen.
``We want people to make choices,' he said, ``and they want government to make choices.'' But three Republicans joined 10 Democrats in opposing him after arguing that the government did not want to encourge people to buy inadequate insurance because it would lead to costs being shifted to other people and businesses.
Ms. Gonzalez said she had become homeless after a dispute with a landlord in Yonkers.
If the Saudis can slow the dangerous Martin Dahlin, who returns to the Swedish lineup after sitting out the draw with Brazil because of two yellow cards, they may also have another advantage: the heat.
``I just have it, that's all,'' she would later say of the souvenir, after losing the Wimbledon final, 6-4, 3-6, 6-3, to Martinez.
Yet after all we know, we still are a culture that prefers accepted broad strokes, mythologizing sports heroes until they are characters more suited for cartoons.
And after she beat Gigi Fernandez in the semifinals, putting her a step away from her fantasy finish, someone asked Navratilova the question of the fortnight.
I'm relaxed,'' said the smiling 26-year-old Middleton, a 1990 University of Georgia graduate, after he and McNeil beat the second-seeded mixed doubles team of Pam Shriver of Baltimore, Md., and Byron Black of Zimbabwe.
That's where he and McNeil will play for the mixed doubles title late Sunday afternoon, after the men's singles championships between Pete Sampras of the United States and Croatia's Goran Ivanisevic.
Saturday's gatherings were the first successful mass protests organized by Israel's religious and political right, after earlier demonstrations this past week were sparsely attended.
In a speech after arriving in Gaza on Friday, Arafat said that his goal is to pray in Jerusalem, which he has called the future capital of a Palestinian state.
One woman carrying an Israeli flag told a Palestinian teenager: ``This is not Gaza here,' and the youth replied, ``Arafat will come, sooner or later.'' Near another gate, the police reportedly arrested a Jewish youth after he smashed the window of an Arab's car.
Andres Escobar, a talented and popular player, returned to Colombia last Wednesday after his team, a favorite before the World Cup began, was eliminated in the first round of the month-long tournament being played in the United States.
Escobar's killing follows the suspension last week of Diego Maradona, the Argentine superstar who was thrown out after testing positive for five banned stimulants.
Maturana resigned after the first round ended.
Two white guys have been running this city of immigrants for over 200 years.'' At another point, after the administration held a Cabinet meeting on Staten Island, Dyson suggested that a similar Cabinet session was unlikely in Harlem, which he said had received ``the vast proportion of the attention over the last four years.'' But it was Dyson's reference to watermelon last week at prompted calls from some black and Hispanic lawmakers for his resignation.
(For those with some flexibility, the city offers 11,100 slots on weekday mornings and afternoons.) In Manhattan, where the system is built for people playing in leagues immediately after work, weekday evening permits are from 5:30 to 7:00 and from 7:00 to 8:30.
On Friday, he arrived at Jack Murphy Stadium shortly after 2 p.m. and by 3 p.m. he was out on the field throwing batting practice to his son, Anthony, 11.
Don't go after it.'' On the bench, Saberhagen was awed by the way Manzanillo got Gwynn to chase the slider.
Presumably, so will Voller, who retired from international competition in October 1992 after an emotional farewell performance in Dresden against Mexico.
Voller quickly proved Vogts right, scoring in the sixth minute after a great chip pass from Matthaus.
But for a debate program to thrive, it needs a coach willing to dedicate 20 hours a week after school, willing to attend the weekend tournaments, willing to travel about the country supporting and encouraging his team.
Hassan Ceaser said that after hours of research, he and his partner argued that President Clinton's health care plan should be adopted as originally proposed, with the addition of comprehensive psychiatric and mental health care coverage.
Simpson attorney Robert Shapiro calls Garcetti's media blitz ``unconscionable'' -- after holding a series of press conferences of his own.
Chassin, the power to require new mothers to sign a consent form indicating whether they would accept or reject HIV testing, after spending six months studying the question.
As the lawmakers headed toward a Sunday recess after two long nights of negotiation and floor debates, legislative leaders appeared close to an agreement on one of the key surviving initiatives on crime.
Gary Stevens rode Slew of Damascus after jockey Corey Nakatani, who had first choice, opted for Fanmore instead.
Draper became the TVA's director of land planning and housing in 1933, soon after the authority, an independent government corporate agency, had been created by an act of Congress.
SENATE RETAINS MONEY TO KEEP B-2 BOMBER PRODUCTION LINE ACTIVE WASHINGTON  (BC-B2-BOMBER-KAN) The Senate on Friday left ajar the prospect of adding more B-2 bombers to the nation's fleet of stealth planes, a year after telling the Pentagon it could buy no more than 20 of the high-tech aircraft.
An aide said more than 200 letters and calls of support were received immediately after Armey explained his bill in The Wall Street Journal last month.
Last month -- ironically, soon after Mastercard International began re-evaluating its much-publicized decision to make Burlington House headquarters -- Burlington signed a new 15-year lease in its namesake building for 160,000 square feet.
The day after the suspension, midfielder Thomas Haessler and goalkeeper Bodo Illgner were photographed with their families at a picnic with Effenberg at a hotel near the German training camp in Oak Brook, Ill.
ENRAGED FANS KILL COLOMBIAN SOCCER PLAYER WHO SCORED AGAINST OWN TEAM  (BC-SOCCER-DEAD-LADN) Colombian officials said Escobar was shot up to 12 times Saturday in an early morning confrontation with three people who surrounded him in a parking lot after he left a bar in Medellin, Colombia's third largest city.
Like life, it has all its problems.'' Escobar had returned to Colombia with several of his teammates Wednesday after being eliminated in the first round of the World Cup.
ENRAGED FANS KILL COLOMBIAN SOCCER PLAYER WHO SCORED AGAINST OWN TEAM  (BC-SOCCER-DEAD-LADN) Colombian officials said Escobar was shot up to 12 times Saturday in an early morning confrontation with three people who surrounded him in a parking lot after he left a bar in Medellin, Colombia's third largest city.
Like life, it has all its problems.'' Escobar had returned to Colombia with several of his teammates Wednesday after being eliminated in the first round of the World Cup.
AMERICANS WILL CONTEST ALL PREMIER EIGHT-OARED CUP FINALS HENLEY ON THAMES  (BC-ROW-HENLEY-U.S.-NYT) The United States will contest all the premier eight-oared Cup finals Sunday as crew after American crew won their quarterfinal and semifinal races on Saturday at the Henley Royal Regatta.
The Spanish broke the other way, and from a midfield muddle, Fernando Hierro somehow whisked the ball out from the legs of three Swiss, then bounded after it like a puppy chasing a stick.
And two minutes later, after another lightning-quick Spanish counterattack down the left wing, the midfielder Sergi ran the ball horizontally across the top of the Swiss penalty area.
In their best 10-game stretch this year, they went 7-3 right after an 0-3 start.
Maughan, who grew up on a farm in Idaho and retired eight years ago after 36 years with General Electric in Schenectady, N.Y. Undismayed by the deporable condition of the main house, he bought a 120-acre farm in 1980 just outside the village of Schoharie, 30 miles west of Albany, N.Y., thinking he would move there in retirement.
Davies bought it after a long search for just such a challenge.
But Fuller, 46, had to leave the New York State Police after 19 years last year because of an injury.
Fuller says she may well try to find work in the area, and that happens not infrequently even with those who relocate to the country at or near retirement age, often after a strong taste of the life there during years of vacation time at a summer home.
``And this year we had snow till April so no one came till after that,'' he said.
Bagnall, who bought a century-old farmhouse on 250 acres in Oxford with her husband in 1946 and moved there from Hempstead, N.Y., after he died.
He and his wife, Doris, moved from Connecticut three years ago after he was forced into retirement because his employer, a lingerie manufacturer based in Georgia, went out of business.
``Hey, this win covers the plane fare, if nothing else,'' Bailey said after covering 1[ miles in 1:49 and returning $47.20.
The second woman, a 25-year-old, who also died after being hit in the chest, has not been identified yet by the police.
Harrington, 26, after agents interviewed the woman Saturday afternoon in Phoenix, said Jack Callahan, a spokesman for the agency's Phoenix office.
``There is some indication he might still be in the state of Arizona.'' Harrington was abducted Wednesday afternoon after showing houses in rural Val Verde to a man posing as a buyer.
She was found 10 a.m. Friday in a motel room in Gila Bend, Ariz., a small town about 75 miles southwest of Phoenix, after a maid heard cries for help.
Detectives also believe that Shue is the man who sexually assaulted a female guest at a motel June 9 in northern Ohio after checking in using his own name.
Harrington's co-workers suspected something was wrong when she did not return after an hour to the real estate office.
However, when she went back to the vacant house, the Cherokee was gone, apparently after ramming through gates at the home, according to the co-workers.
Detectives said they became concerned after discovering the license plate was from a stolen car, and the back door of the home was left open, as though the pair had left in haste.
The man, whose name was not released, was taken into custody at a Fillmore motel about 2 a.m. that day, after a Ventura County Sheriff's Department deputy noticed a teal-colored Jeep Cherokee parked outside.
just in case.'' Finally, on Saturday, Stevens and Slew of Damascus teamed up for the first time after Corey Nakatani chose to ride Fanmore in the $750,000 Hollywood Gold Cup.
He rode hard for the first 50 yards after breaking from post 3 in a field of five.
``He got about a half-length in front, dropped the bridle, and gave me the impression he was going to do just enough to stay in front for the whole way.'' Slew of Damascus, the 8-1 third choice, paid $18 after finishing in 2:00 3/5, equaling the slowest Gold Cup since Gallant Man's in 1958.
Then he finished sixth in the Rolling Green Handicap, also at Golden Gate, and ran a determined third to The Wicked North and Kingdom Found after setting fast fractions in The Californian at Hollywood Park.
``We kind of felt obligated to ride for Bobby,'' Nakatani said after the Gold Cup.
Kunstler, the defense lawyers who had represented him since shortly after his arrest in June 1993.
``The toughest part of the race is having to continue day after day,'' Barton said, ``especially if the competition is close.
Already upset about having to play on only two days of rest and not knowing their opponent or venue until after Thursday night's Bulgaria-Argentina game, the Belgians became enraged at the referee's call with 20 minutes remaining.
But Grun answered for Belgium, scoring from 10 yards out after a direct kick rebounded to him from Voller.
I have told him again and again he is one of our top players.'' Germany played the second half without captain Lothar Matthaeus, a defender who took six stitches in his left foot after Germany's game Monday against South Korea.
Colombian officials said Escobar was shot up to 12 times Saturday in an early morning confrontation with three people who surrounded him in a parking lot after he left a bar in Medellin, Colombia's third largest city.
People were talking about being known as a soccer-playing nation, not a drug-producing nation.'' But that is the impression much of America will be left after Escobar's murder.
You have free agency now after six years, and everybody wants fast results.'' Mania update: Today's game against Philadelphia, featuring ex-Dodger Fernando Valenzuela on the mound, is officially a sellout.
One week after he won his first pro beach volleyball tournament, his partner, Scott Ayakatubby, dumped him to play with Kent Steffes in the Manhattan Beach Open.
I'm upset that Kent took him away from me because I made the initial reaction and decided to play with Ak right after he came back from his injury.'' Fonoimoana, who teamed up this weekend with veteran Tim Hovland, got what he came for Saturday: a thrilling 15-14 overtime victory in the quarterfinals of the winners' bracket at Manhattan Beach.
It was only Switzerland, after all.
``Wake Up, Parreira!'' shouted a headline in ``Jornal dos Sports'' after Brazil's first-round 1-1 tie with Sweden.
In short, do ``something.'' Brazil, after all, has not won the World Cup in 24 years.
``We sometimes want to think that soccer is just a game.'' Escobar was murdered yesterday outside a restaurant in Medellin, Colombia, just 48 hours after returning from Los Angeles, where Colombia lost to the Americans, 2-1, and was eliminated from the Cup.
Police said Escobar was shot 12 times by the gunmen, who shouted ``goal'' after each shot.
Quietly, after an afternoon practice at Santa Clara University, the Brazilians players expressed shock over Escobar's death.
``There's someone very demented out there.'' Milutinovic, speaking at a late-afternoon news conference scheduled shortly after his team arrived from its Mission Viejo, Calif., training base, said, ``Looking at it from a human point of view, I truly feel saddened by what has happened.
Finally, some support.) This after opening the season 3-0.
He was a last-minute replacement for Shawn Boskie, who was pulled from his start after complaining of dizziness, later determined to be a symptom of a viral infection.
	In a North Carolina town in 1952, an unusual romance unfolds: Edwin Keane, a jazz enthusiast turned morphine addict after a tragic car accident, falls in love with the quiet 17-year-old daughter of a failed farmer.
``The Senate Finance Committee approved health reform legislation Saturday that would leave millions of Americans without insurance coverage, a sharp setback for President Clinton,'' wrote David Espo of the Associated Press after the panel voted.
Exhibit A, Freeh said, was the Watergate scandal that forced the resignation of President Richard Nixon in 1974 after it was revealed that Nixon had used the FBI and the Internal Revenue Service to probe his political enemies.
	CAMBODIA-CHAOS (Phnom Penh, Cambodia) -- Less than a year after the largest U.N. effort to bring peace and a freely chosen government to a war-torn nation, Cambodia remains mired in warfare, chaotic administration, official corruption, and the endemic poverty that breeds malnutrition, illness, and ignorance.
He died after collapsing at his home, The Associated Press reported.
He was detained for four years without trial and was freed after he was found to have tuberculosis of the spine.
If those constraints hold and the administration wants to take military action, Clinton has to decide whether it would be better to invade before Labor Day or after Christmas.
I knew the match was going to come down to a couple of points, and I got them.'' Sampras so nearly approached flawlessness in this 1-hour-55-minute final, which began as a serving race but concluded in a rout, he felt compelled to apologize to Ivanisevic after it was all over.
RABIN ASSAILS ISRAELI RIGHT-WING AFTER RIOTING IN JERUSALEM JERUSALEM  (BC-ARAFAT-ISRAEL-400&add-COX) Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin assailed Israeli right wingers Sunday, comparing their violent tactics to Hamas and other Islamic militant groups, after thousands of Jewish demonstrators rampaged through Arab east Jerusalem and battled police outside his office.
Meantime, Palestinian authorities announced that Arafat, whose arrival after 27 years of exile Friday triggered the protests, would visit the West Bank enclave of Jericho Tuesday.
Optional add follows) The unrest came after a massive rally in downtown Jerusalem on Saturday night led to midnight-to-dawn street violence as rampaging Jews swept through Arab east Jerusalem and clashed with Israeli police.
``They just played well and we came up a little bit short,'' Middleton said after the match.
By the standards of show business, the hour after hour of the Simpson case on all four major networks plus CNN and Court Television are resoundingly justified; the ratings prove it.
This lavish expenditure of resources comes from institutions that have cut back on documentaries about matters that may affect viewers' lives long after the Simpson episode has gone the way of the Bobbitt episode.
Assuming the nascent upturn continues, it would mark the end of a recession that cut short the euphoria that swept Western Europe after the collapse of communism in the east and the reunification of Germany.
Fiat, Italy's largest private-sector company, said on Thursday that its sales were up 10 percent in the first four months of the year and that it expects to make a small profit for the full year after suffering its worst-ever loss in 1993.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) The oceanic title comes because the mythologist Joseph Campbell once speculated that had Joyce lived to write something after ``Finnegans Wake,'' it would have been about water and the ocean.
But after 1992, Cage wasn't living, either, and Cunningham had doubts that the piece could be properly realized.
Two, the Americans will be without midfielder John Harkes, who must sit out a game after receiving two yellow-card cautions in the first round.
Brazil, which has won three World Cup titles, has developed an edgy impatience after not reaching the final since 1970.
One day after the Gooden announcement, Fred Wilpon tried to do the same.
The sponsors hardly seem miffed by ABC's and ESPN's decision to air the games continuously, rather than interrupt for commercials, except at halftime and after the game.
Mary Ellen Daugherty, a spokesman for Snickers, said there was no way to quantify whether viewers were paying less attention to the 30-second commercials that follow the first or second halves because those were the only times they could take breaks after uninterrupted action.
Barry Diller is the reason this is an awesome deal.'' That theme was echoed throughout the television industry in the wake of the news that Diller, the chairman of the home-shopping channel QVC, would become the chief executive of CBS after completion of the merger.
That, anyway, is the feeling in newspaper circles after The Daily News increased its daily cover price by 10 cents, to 50 cents, last week.
In Britain, Murdoch has seen circulation surges after sharp cover-price cuts at two of his newspapers, The Sun, a tabloid, and The Times of London, a broadsheet, and there has been well-founded speculation that he might import the tactic to the United States.
The study provides figures that bolster the impressions of New Yorkers in the industry, who have watched big publishers acquire smaller publishers or merge with other companies, and who have lived through round after round of dismissals and cutbacks at some of the city's largest companies.
In 1985, two years after her release the law against sedition was abolished.
According to the police, Munoz shot Escobar after Gallon remonstrated with the player over accidentally sending the ball into the Colombian goal while attempting to deflect a pass during a stunning 2-1 loss to the United States on June 22.
He was to have replaced the World Cup coach, Francisco Maturana, who resigned after the team completed World Cup play.
According to the police, Munoz shot Escobar after Gallon remonstrated with the player over accidentally sending the ball into the Colombian goal while attempting to deflect a pass during a stunning 2-1 loss to the United States on June 22.
He was to have replaced the World Cup coach, Francisco Maturana, who resigned after the team completed World Cup play.
Just two days after the station was born, its frequency was taken over by a Palestinian group fiercely opposed to the PLO's peace accord with Israel.
Sunday, when the station came on the air after 4 p.m., more songs were played.
That means a consumer would pay an average of $448 a month, total interest of $71,757 and still owe a balloon payment of $41,555 after 15 years.
Buy and sell South Jersey Industries' stock four times a year -- purchases are made on the last day of each fiscal quarter -- and you have made, after fees, $800 to $1,100.
Distributions must begin by April 1 after the year in which you become 70{.
It does not mean that the amount of payment is certain.'' The rate at which distributions are made if the account holder dies after starting withdrawals depends on whether the beneficiary is a spouse.
For example, after he gained control of the telephone switching network in Los Angeles, he reprogrammed the system to mislead federal agents trying to trace his call.
The FBI had closed in on him only after he tried to harass a friend and partner in crime by pretending to be an IRS agent and making threatening calls to his friend's employer.
Mitnick vanished in November 1992 after the FBI searched his home with a warrant stating that he was again breaking into telephone-company computers while working for a Southern California detective agency.
Both sides say work on the bill will resume after the Fourth of July recess with an eye toward getting the House version to conference by the mid-August recess.
``I'll settle for a day like today,'' Ireland Coach Jack Charlton said Sunday with a smile after his team's brisk one-hour practice at the Seminole County Training Center.
The Sun, having poked its nose relentlessly into the royal family's life, said of Prince Charles: ``How dare he invade our privacy with his tale of adultery.'' But two days later, after polls had shown public support for the prince and his television appearance, The Sun announced that after all he was fit to be king.
An official board is looking into charges of predatory pricing, but after all the earlier winks at his behavior Murdoch must be confident that he can beat that challenge.
Fahad al-Ghashiyan, who entered the game as a substitute in the 54th minute, narrowed the gap for the Saudis in the 85th minute after a marvelous move on the right and shot to the near post from 6 yards away.
Asked after the game how he decides when to omit O'Neill from the lineup, Showalter said: ``There are a lot of factors, but the biggest is the needs of our club, whether or not Gerald Williams or whoever it may be needs to play to stay sharp.
If they put him on, he would be eligible to play again the first game after the All-Star break.
In Asia, where markets have taken a beating this year after a record 1993, economic growth continues to surge.
Several of the region's markets started the year strong only to retreat after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates in February.
Hunter, 86, offered a conciliatory message at his initial news conference, saying, ``To those who have transgressed or been offended, we say, `Come back.' '' Hunter was named the church's 14th president and ``prophet, seer and revelator'' after the death of Ezra Taft Benson, who had been president since 1985.
But in 1846, two years after Smith was killed by an anti-Mormon mob, the faithful set out for Utah, a journey the church describes as an ``exodus'' to a ``western Zion.'' The pioneers who built Salt Lake City helped establish what has become one of the world's fastest-growing religious organizations, with members in 140 countries.
It rose on the American Stock Exchange 137.6 percent to $11.88 a share from $5.00, after Corning Inc.
The rest of the company, which slid into bankruptcy after an accounting scandal last year, has only recently begun to show signs of profitability.
DESPITE MAJOR U.N. EFFORT, CAMBODIA FACES BLEAK FUTURE PHNOM PENH, Cambodia  (BC-CAMBODIA-CHAOS-950(2TAKES)-NYT) Less than a year after the largest and costliest U.N. effort to bring peace and a freely chosen government to a war-torn nation, Cambodia remains mired in warfare, chaotic administration, official corruption and the endemic poverty that breeds malnutrition, illness and ignorance.
Soubert, an art historian, could recall only two measures that had been passed since Parliament became a legislature after adopting a constitution last September: the budget and a financial reorganization.
Corruption became visible when the Communist government, after the cutoff of Soviet and Vietnamese aid in the late 1980s, officially foreswore its doctrine and opened Cambodia to foreign trade and investment.
Rwandan government soldiers were fleeing on foot and in cars from the city, the second largest in the country after the capital, Kigali.
Ministers accompanied by bodyguards were driven out of the office compound through a side gate after the meeting.
One after the other, ministers expressed anger over the rally Saturday, where demonstrators accused Rabin and his Cabinet of forming a criminal alliance with Arafat.
He gave up two runs, both in the second inning, and though the official score will say both were earned, that was questionable, since the Dodgers scored both runs after Phillies right fielder Tony Longmire muffed a one-out fly ball that was charitably scored a double.
But he became expendable after the 1990 season.
About a year after the Colemans and Schlotters filed a patent application, it was granted.
A patient of hers died after air entered his vein through an intravenous line improperly prepared by someone else, inspiring Dr. Nakao to invent a warning system for intravenous lines.
That happens when an intravenous fluid bag is not changed quickly enough after it empties.
Simpson attorney Robert Shapiro calls Garcetti's media blitz ``unconscionable'' -- after holding a series of press conferences of his own.
In September, several months after the deal was awarded, the House Appropriations Committee strongly criticized the National Reconnaissance Office for commissioning the satellites without first clearing the decision with Congress.
The committee's report accused the office of ignoring its request not to proceed until it received permission because members of the House and Senate Appropriations Committees believed that it ``was too costly and did not adequately meet certain requirements.'' Now, after protests from Lockheed and Martin Marietta, the General Accounting Office, the auditing and investigative agency of Congress, has ordered that the contract be canceled and that the bidding take place again, The Los Angeles Times reported Saturday.
Thomas said that his organization had initially faced some resistance in Little Rock because it is President Clinton's former home, but that it eventually found enough support to stage demonstrations after working with local pastors.
Under the new arrangement, Latvia will have 40,000 digital phones by the end of this year, according to Martin Bartholomew, the British chief executive of Lattelekom, the new national phone company that came into being after the British-Finnish consortium won the bidding over five rivals.
In Washington, where President Clinton last week condemned domestic violence, amendments protecting battered women were added to the crime bill now in conference committee, and lawmakers held press conferences reminiscent of those after the Anita Hill hearings promising attention to women's concerns.
The rush to legislate, which included several domestic violence bills in California, reminded many people of the state's hasty passage of a three-strikes-and-you're-out law after the Klass killing.
SON OF POLICE DETECTIVES SHOTS HIMSELF WITH GUN NEW YORK  (BC-NYC-CHILD-SHOT-362&ADD-NYT) The 4-year-old son of two city detectives was seriously wounded early Sunday when he shot himself in the head with his mother's revolver only moments after she left him to step into the bathroom in their house in Queens, the police said.
Johnson and Stoklos advanced through the consolation bracket after their loss to Lewis and Boullianne in the championship quarterfinals.
``Our saying here is that money makes the world go round.'' Abdic, who quit the Bosnian presidency in 1992 after clashing with Izetbegovic, says he will fight the Bosnian army to the last and is confident of support from the Serbs.
But the crash sites will roll into Earth view in anywhere from nine to 23 minutes and into the Jovian daylight 10 to 20 minutes after that.
Members of the general public also will have a chance to study the planet during and after the impacts.
But that program collapsed after consuming several hundred million dollars, according to members of Congress and their aides.
The frenzy in the New York area comes about three years after the hospital wars first flared in the rest of the country, because doctors in the Northeast in general and New York in particular have been slow to accept managed care.
Englewood Hospital and Medical Center in New Jersey built what it calls a replica of a Japanese health center after research showed gaps in service for the area's 200,000 Japanese-born residents.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) In the absence of Raducioiu, Iordanescu started six defenders and let Argentina come forward in wave after wave, patiently waiting to counterattack, absorbing 22 shots and taking only 13.
He is the last of the Romanian stars still playing in the country's domestic league; after Sunday's display of afterburner speed, precise shooting, passing and a finishing touch, Dumitrescu will command a high price.
But there could be no doubt, especially after Sunday, that he belonged on the national team.
He set down six straight Mets after Brogna reached base.
``I was bitter from the time I got here,'' said Benes, who sat in the Padres' clubhouse after the game full of anger and frustration and did not seem at all pleased with the result.
He left the game after four-plus innings, taking the loss in what was his shortest outing of the season.
``Smith didn't pitch very good, Gozzo didn't pitch very good, we didn't hit very good and Benes pitched good,'' said Green, whose Mets split 2-2 with San Diego in this series after having won the first two games.
Other impacts will occur during daylight hours or after Jupiter has set in the Los Angeles sky.
The mayor, who called the Dinkins program ``bad social policy'' during the mayoral campaign, began dismantling it soon after he took office.
``The Senate people make a living pretending to be tough on law enforcement,'' he told reporters just after daybreak Sunday.
Minutes after the Senate gavel fell at 11:20 a.m. to close an all-night session, an angry senator, Michael Tully Jr., a Republican and the bill's sponsor, said he had been assured by Marino's top aides, who typically speak for the majority leader, that the bill would be passed.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) The lawmakers could not agree on a plan for disposing of the low-level radioactive waste generated by hospitals, manufacturers and power plants, effectively delaying what is sure to be a hotly contested decision until after the elections.
He joined the Marines after high school, serving three years.
He liked people, he was happy to see people.'' Sometime after he began work, employees recalled, a young woman living with her family in Glendale, Queens, called seeking an apartment.
At 12:05 a.m. Wednesday, 80 minutes after the first shooting, the police said, Blek and his date, whose name has been withheld, were strolling four blocks away at Wyckoff Avenue and Halsey Street when the same thugs approached, two of them with guns, and demanded money.
People trying to kill bills in negotiation bring up objection after objection until time simply runs out, as the Democrats accused the Republican-controlled Senate of doing on the proposal for life in prison without parole for three-time felons.
The scene at the Capitol after a few days of continual use gets a little surreal.
Mendez, D-the Bronx, whipped out a cigarette inside the Senate chamber after a heated debate on the appointment to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority of John S.
As the Senate broke after 11 Sunday morning, Marino, as the foremost Republican, stood in the chamber thanking everyone, showering praise for several minutes on his Democratic colleagues, his staff, his counsel, his press office and secretaries.
HOLY BULL RUNS AWAY WITH THE DWYER STAKES ELMONT, N.Y.  (BC-RAC-HOLY-BULL-500&Add-NYT) The great gray colt Holy Bull was up before the sun Sunday morning at Monmouth Park on the Jersey Shore, walked the ramp into a horse van at five minutes past 6 a.m., walked down the ramp at Belmont Park at 10 minutes after 8 a.m., walked around the barn for half an hour and waited eight hours for the eighth race, the Dwyer Stakes.
He led by a length after a quarter of a mile, by a length after half a mile, by a length and a half after three-quarters.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) In the absence of Raducioiu, Romania started six defenders and let Argentina come forward in wave after wave, patiently waiting to counterattack, absorbing 22 shots and taking only 13.
He is the last of the Romanian stars still playing in the country's domestic league; after Sunday's display of afterburner speed, precise shooting, passing and a finishing touch, Dumitrescu will command a high price.
But there could be no doubt, especially after Sunday, that he belonged on the national team.
Researchers and activists are especially alarmed by anecdotal evidence of some gay men becoming fatalistic about AIDS after seeing friend after friend die.
Maybe somebody will want me to play for them, but I don't have a job, I don't have anything going after this.
Harrington returned to her suburban Val Verde home Saturday night after the harrowing 3-day ordeal that ended when she was found Friday morning bound and gagged in a Gila Bend, Ariz.
An office manager searched for Harrington when she didn't return after about an hour, spotted the Cherokee at one of the vacant homes and notified authorities.
Once, according to reporters who were there, he walked out of a news conference after reporters pressed him about the administration's sensitivities toward racial minorities.
Harrington returned to her suburban Val Verde home Saturday night after the harrowing three-day ordeal that ended when she was found Friday morning bound and gagged in a Gila Bend, Ariz., hotel room.
``It was one of those where you keep your head while you're working, and after it's all over you fall apart,'' said Snyder ambulance company owner Perry Westmoreland, who described a grisly scene of dead children spread across the roadway.
Ware, a frequent driver for the company, was returning to Dallas after delivering cargo to Cisco in Central Texas, a company official said.
It was almost seven hours after the wreck before firefighters and medical examiners began dismantling the wreckage and removing bodies from the van.
``It was one of those where you keep your head while you're working, and after it's all over you fall apart,'' said Snyder ambulance company owner Perry Westmoreland, who described a grisly scene of dead children spread across the roadway.
Ware, a frequent driver for the company, was returning to Dallas after delivering cargo to Cisco in Central Texas, a company official said.
It was almost seven hours after the wreck before firefighters and medical examiners began dismantling the wreckage and removing bodies from the van.
What we wanted to do after we took the 1-0 lead was slow down a little and still control the game.'' It seemed like a lot to ask, although World Cup aficionados, not to mention those soccer nuts in the Las Vegas betting parlors, pegged the Swedes as the better team.
Even after winning two of their three games in the first round of the Finals, they kicked off against the Swedes as 100-1.
The sponsors hardly seem miffed by ABC's and ESPN's decision to air the games continuously, rather than interrupt for commercials, except at halftime and after the game.
Mary Ellen Daugherty, a spokesman for Snickers, said there was no way to quantify whether viewers were paying less attention to the 30-second commercials that follow the first or second halves because those were the only times they could take breaks after uninterrupted action.
Corrazona was plenty feisty after a long layoff and Stevens worked hard to keep her settled down before entering the starting gate.
Considered the top turf mare in the nation, she ran poorly after a seven-month layoff.
``But at this time, after all the (perceived) mistakes I've made, maybe I've been forgiven for everything.'' When the Romanians rebounded from a 4-1 loss to Switzerland with a 1-0 victory over the United States, Iordanescu chided Romanian reporters for not trusting his strategies.
Hershiser faced runners at second and third with one out in the seventh after a walk to Longmire, a single by Kim Batiste and a throw by Mondesi that missed the cutoff man.
In September, several months after the deal was awarded, the House Appropriations Committee strongly criticized the National Reconnaissance Office for commissioning the satellites without first clearing the decision with Congress.
The committee's report accused the office of ignoring its request not to proceed until it received permission because members of the House and Senate Appropriations Committees believed that it ``was too costly and did not adequately meet certain requirements.'' Now, after protests from Lockheed and Martin Marietta, the General Accounting Office, the auditing and investigative agency of Congress, has ordered that the contract be canceled and that the bidding take place again, The Los Angeles Times reported Saturday.
In two outings since being signed out of the Mexican League on June 24, a stint made necessary after being released by the Baltimore Orioles Oct.
``I just wanted to come back and pitch again,'' said Valenzuela, who spoke only to some pool reporters in the clubhouse after shying away from a group of about 75 out on the field.
Hagi was finally pulled with five minutes remaining, and Dumitrescu -- his confidence restored by a pre-game session with coach Anghel Iordanescu after struggling in the three first-round matches -- wheezed to the bench in the 88th minute.
Officials said the accident had occurred in a rainstorm that produced a third of an inch of rain near the airport in 15 minutes and after the crew received a wind-shear warning from the airport's control tower.
Transportation board officials at a news briefing Sunday evening read transcripts of conversations between the plane and the control tower that indicated the accident occurred shortly after the plane was given permission at 6:42 p.m. to climb to 3,000 feet and after the pilot said he was planning a turn to the right.
``This is the greatest moment in the history of Romanian soccer,'' coach Anghel Iordanescu declared after the 3-2 victory in which his team never trailed.
Romania, too, was down a key player, Florin Raducioiu, suspended for receiving two yellow cards after scoring twice against Colombia.
``Our saying here is that money makes the world go round.'' Abdic, who quit the Bosnian presidency in 1992 after clashing with Izetbegovic, says he will fight the Bosnian army to the last and is confident of support from the Serbs.
You're going nine (innings).'' The Dodgers have a three-game series starting in Philadelphia two days after the All-Star Game.
``It would've been nice, especially after the last three years (when Wallach hit in the .220s), but there are a lot of other guys having great years not going.
Have someone ready to pick up a Brazilian attacker in the goal area when he gets past the first U.S. defender and have another one ready after that.
As Maradona worked among the media in the Rose Bowl's press tribune, relegated to the role of television commentator after his expulsion from the World Cup, Argentina again looked confused and disheartened without him and was soundly beaten by Romania 3-2 in the second-round match.
It was a thoroughly forgettable end to a bizarre tournament for the two-time World Cup winners and 1990 finalists, who were eliminated after four games for the first time in 28 years.
Batistuta's goal was the first since losing Maradona before Thursday's 2-0 loss to Bulgaria after he tested positive for five banned substances following the Nigeria match.
Maybe somebody will want me to play for them, but I don't have a job, I don't have anything going after this.
Hershiser faced runners at second and third with one out in the seventh after a walk to Longmire, a single by Kim Batiste and a throw by Mondesi that missed the cutoff man.
	In a North Carolina town in 1952, an unusual romance unfolds: Edwin Keane, a jazz enthusiast turned morphine addict after a tragic car accident, falls in love with the quiet 17-year-old daughter of a failed farmer.
Andre Gide, Jean Cocteau, Paul Claudel and Jean-Paul Sartre helped win a presidential pardon for Jean Genet, who had been jailed for theft and prostitution, while Norman Mailer helped win parole for the writer Jack Henry Abbott, who subsequently killed a waiter in Manhattan's East Village six weeks after being released from prison.
The anti-authoritarian legacy of the Revolutionary War, after all, was galvanized by the frontier experience -- which gave us folk heroes like Jesse James and Billy the Kid, and which suggested, as the historian Richard Slotkin has observed, that redemption could be found in violence, that the violent man of action was superior to the plodding machinery of the law.
And yet the least scratch beneath the surface reveals an underside of this obsession: Even after almost 200 years of independence, many Haitians impute nearly all of their country's ills to the United States.
Haiti's military leaders, aiming for the heartstrings of Americans, mount campaign after campaign denouncing the international embargo against their country as an act of genocide.
He was known for virulent anti-Americanism long before he won his country's first democratic elections in 1990; he used to refer to the United States simply as ``the cold land to the north.'' But he chose Washington as his place of exile after he was overthrown.
In one voice, he seems to ask for intervention to help restore him to power after 34 months of exile.
Now, after months of criticism that the United States had not done enough about Haiti's crisis (and even as thousands of refugees set to sea believing they have a better chance of obtaining entry), President Clinton's mention in April of the possibility of using force has loosed a flood of tirades about Washington's motives.
Later this month, Fiske said, he will report what he has learned about how senior White House aides handled papers in Foster's office shortly after he died.
A YEAR LATER, FERMAT'S PUZZLE IS STILL NOT QUITE QED One year after a Princeton mathematician convinced the world that he had proved the most famous unsolved math problem, the much touted proof has entered a realm of mathematical limbo.
Wiles, who devised the proof after working in solitude in his attic office for seven years, claimed to have proved a much larger and theoretically more important result, called the Taniyama conjecture.
``Lajja,'' which has not yet been distributed in the United States, covers 13 days in the life of the Dutta family, Bangladeshi Hindus, after the Hindu fanatics' destruction in 1992 of a 16th century mosque, the Babri Masjid, in Ayodhya, India.
He long ago moved to Dhaka from the countryside and chose to stay even after it became clear that his wife, Kironmoyee, wanted to flee to India.
What had happened to all these people after independence was won?
`Did you think you could get away after destroying the Babri Masjid?' ---- A despondent Suranjan, drinking with friends, hears his mother (whom outsiders address as Mashima, or ``Auntie'') weeping: The sound of Kironmoyee crying wafted in from the adjacent room.
One of these skeptics is McAlpine, the securities analyst, who wonders whether on-line services might lose their allure after the novelty of typewritten communication has faded away.
-- Steal shamelessly from football's point-after play, and right after a regular goal is scored, give that team bonus points for knocking over, say, cola bottles (the marketing possibilities are endless) with well-placed kicks from a distance of 50 meters.
Meanwhile, many studies find that the justice system, after decades of imposing lighter sentences, is more likely to treat wayward women harshly, be they first-time drug offenders or women who fight physically with husbands or boyfriends, even if they say the men hit them first.
Last September, a 20-year-old professional thief named Patsy Jones stung the Miami tourist industry after she was accused of fatally shooting a German tourist along the Dolphin Expressway with a sawed-off hunting rifle.
In Brooklyn recently, a teen-ager shot and killed a livery cab driver in broad daylight after he resisted her and two girlfriends during a botched robbery attempt.
Two voting-rights cases that disappeared from view after they were argued on Oct.
Blackmun is retiring after a dramatic 24-year tenure that saw him traverse the court's ideological spectrum to end his career as the court's most liberal member.
The term's 84 cases marked a low point after several years of marked decline in the court's argument docket.
The court actually heard 90 arguments this year, but six cases were dismissed after argument or decided without full opinions.
Federal Communications Commission, No. 93-44, comes back after further proceedings.
As one Japanese diplomat put it, ``this sounds like mush in English, but in Japanese it has a nice, warm feel to it.'' Minister of International Trade and Industry Ryutaro Hashimoto rushed out with his own explanation of Japan's new world role, which he admits in the introduction was ``pieced together from a wide range of my past and present views.'' It includes such daring stands as his declaration that he will make up his mind about Japan's role as a peacekeeper after ``listening closely to reports'' from the Japanese who returned from helping out with elections in Cambodia, more than a year ago.
At a shelter for battered women in Pacheco, Calif., a woman holds her 2 1/2 week-old son, Romeo, who was born after she and an older son moved there to escape an abusive partner.
At a shelter for battered women in Pacheco, Calif., a woman holds her 2 1/2 week-old son, Romeo, who was born after she and an older son moved there to escape an abusive partner.
At a shelter for battered women in Pacheco, Calif., a woman holds her 2 1/2 week-old son, Romeo, who was born after she and an older son moved there to escape an abusive partner.
LET'S TALK FAT CATS  (BC-TAYLOR-COLUMN-TEX) Returning from out of town, I was puzzled by the big-time buzz that developed after the Texas governor told a group of teen-age girls that they should learn to be financially independent.
Pete Wilson is rarely inspiring, is hardly charismatic and, after three decades in public life as mayor of San Diego, U.S. senator and governor of the most populous state, he still looks far more comfortable behind the scenes plotting campaign tactics than out on center stage.
That helps explain why, having presided over the biggest recession in California since the Depression, and after being 20 points down in some public opinion polls last summer, Wilson is rebounding in his campaign for election to a second term.
For example, after he gained control of the telephone switching network in Los Angeles, he reprogrammed the system to mislead federal agents trying to trace his call.
The FBI had closed in on him only after he tried to harass a friend and partner in crime by pretending to be an IRS agent and making threatening calls to his friend's employer.
Mitnick vanished in November 1992 after the FBI searched his home with a warrant stating that he was again breaking into telephone-company computers while working for a Southern California detective agency.
But that program collapsed after consuming several hundred million dollars, according to members of Congress and their aides.
The Sun, having poked its nose relentlessly into the royal family's life, said of Prince Charles: ``How dare he invade our privacy with his tale of adultery.'' But two days later, after polls had shown public support for the prince and his television appearance, The Sun announced that after all he was fit to be king.
An official board is looking into charges of predatory pricing, but after all the earlier winks at his behavior Murdoch must be confident that he can beat that challenge.
That, anyway, is the feeling in newspaper circles after The Daily News increased its daily cover price by 10 cents, to 50 cents, last week.
In Britain, Murdoch has seen circulation surges after sharp cover-price cuts at two of his newspapers, The Sun, a tabloid, and The Times of London, a broadsheet, and there has been well-founded speculation that he might import the tactic to the United States.
The study provides figures that bolster the impressions of New Yorkers in the industry, who have watched big publishers acquire smaller publishers or merge with other companies, and who have lived through round after round of dismissals and cutbacks at some of the city's largest companies.
That means a consumer would pay an average of $448 a month, total interest of $71,757 and still owe a balloon payment of $41,555 after 15 years.
Buy and sell South Jersey Industries' stock four times a year -- purchases are made on the last day of each fiscal quarter -- and you have made, after fees, $800 to $1,100.
Distributions must begin by April 1 after the year in which you become 70{.
It does not mean that the amount of payment is certain.'' The rate at which distributions are made if the account holder dies after starting withdrawals depends on whether the beneficiary is a spouse.
Hunter, 86, offered a conciliatory message at his initial news conference, saying, ``To those who have transgressed or been offended, we say, `Come back.' '' Hunter was named the church's 14th president and ``prophet, seer and revelator'' after the death of Ezra Taft Benson, who had been president since 1985.
But in 1846, two years after Smith was killed by an anti-Mormon mob, the faithful set out for Utah, a journey the church describes as an ``exodus'' to a ``western Zion.'' The pioneers who built Salt Lake City helped establish what has become one of the world's fastest-growing religious organizations, with members in 140 countries.
Both sides say work on the bill will resume after the Fourth of July recess with an eye toward getting the House version to conference by the mid-August recess.
In September, several months after the deal was awarded, the House Appropriations Committee strongly criticized the National Reconnaissance Office for commissioning the satellites without first clearing the decision with Congress.
The committee's report accused the office of ignoring its request not to proceed until it received permission because members of the House and Senate Appropriations Committees believed that it ``was too costly and did not adequately meet certain requirements.'' Now, after protests from Lockheed and Martin Marietta, the General Accounting Office, the auditing and investigative agency of Congress, has ordered that the contract be canceled and that the bidding take place again, The Los Angeles Times reported Saturday.
By the standards of show business, the hour after hour of the Simpson case on all four major networks plus CNN and Court Television are resoundingly justified; the ratings prove it.
This lavish expenditure of resources comes from institutions that have cut back on documentaries about matters that may affect viewers' lives long after the Simpson episode has gone the way of the Bobbitt episode.
``The pottery changed after that, and monuments were deliberately mutilated and buried.
Their features seemed almost alive, even after the passage of 3,000 years.
Archaeologist John Graham of the University of California at Berkeley believes it is possible that this Pacific coast area -- and not the Gulf Coast region after all -- may indeed have been the Olmec heartland.
``The pottery changed after that, and monuments were deliberately mutilated and buried.
Their features seemed almost alive, even after the passage of 3,000 years.
Archaeologist John Graham of the University of California at Berkeley believes it is possible that this Pacific coast area -- and not the Gulf Coast region after all -- may indeed have been the Olmec heartland.
``The pottery changed after that, and monuments were deliberately mutilated and buried.
Their features seemed almost alive, even after the passage of 3,000 years.
Archaeologist John Graham of the University of California at Berkeley believes it is possible that this Pacific coast area -- and not the Gulf Coast region after all -- may indeed have been the Olmec heartland.
``The pottery changed after that, and monuments were deliberately mutilated and buried.
Their features seemed almost alive, even after the passage of 3,000 years.
Archaeologist John Graham of the University of California at Berkeley believes it is possible that this Pacific coast area -- and not the Gulf Coast region after all -- may indeed have been the Olmec heartland.
``Women have always had an important role in our society because of their contributions to national defense and reconstruction after our wars,'' says Binh, a prim 67-year-old who wears the ``ao dai,'' silk pants and tunic, traditional costume of Vietnamese women.
Even worse, prostitution has returned with a vengeance to Vietnamese cities after a 20-year hiatus.
``Women have always had an important role in our society because of their contributions to national defense and reconstruction after our wars,'' says Binh, a prim 67-year-old who wears the ``ao dai,'' silk pants and tunic, traditional costume of Vietnamese women.
Even worse, prostitution has returned with a vengeance to Vietnamese cities after a 20-year hiatus.
And after the assassination in Dallas -- where he helped carry the president from the Lincoln convertible into Parkland Memorial Hospital -- he devoted the rest of his life to preserving the Kennedy legacy.
And ever since the Wisconsin primary he has worn the same ``Kennedy in '60'' tie clip in the shape of the PT-109, the vessel Kennedy made famous after World War II.
``Exactly,'' said William Hooper of North Carolina, ``because Rodney had to put up with a lot of ham-handed joshing about death.'' ``Nothing infuriated him more,'' William Paca of Maryland recalled, ``than someone clownishly clapping him on the back and saying, `Are you really dead, old chap, or was Mark Antony just spoofing about coming to bury Caesar, not to praise him?''' This reminded Robert Treat Paine of Massachusetts of the time William Floyd of New York had cried, ``Great Caesar's ghost!'' when Rodney came down to breakfast looking the worse for wear after a congenial evening with Benjamin Franklin of Pennsylvania.
His papers show that long after the Nazis sealed off the ghetto, he continued to meet with youth organizations.
His papers also include an application form, dated 12 days after Hitler ordered the isolation of the Jewish district, to become one of its police officers.
Reisner traced testimony that he was killed shortly after his arrival.
And this week, after 39 years in Congress, years in which he has made more friends and more enemies than most members of Congress have constituents, Dingell, a 67-year-old Democrat from the outskirts of Detroit, suffered the biggest disappointment of his career.
But the chairman conceded that ``some of those I didn't want are standing with me now better than some of those I did want.'' Dingell said he expected the House, after a ferocious fight and with few if any Republican votes, to pass a health bill that would guarantee insurance for all.
One of the men who gathered at the market was Ernesto Carbajal, 23, who was deported after serving time in a California prison for attempted murder and drug sales.
They decided on 42nd Street, after seeing a movie that portrayed the street as running through an especially rough part of New York.
``She didn't know that we consider that a sign of disrespect.'' After high school, she won a scholarship to attend college in Albany, where she encountered only one other Indian, an Oneida from upstate New York, and quit in 1971 after two years, homesick for her family on the Rosebud reservation.
Until we hear otherwise, the assumption is that Andres Escobar was gunned down in Medellin early Saturday morning for the sin of wearing the national colors, for daring to take chances in front of millions, for valiantly and professionally diving after a twisting loose ball, for not being able to stop it from rolling into his own goal.
Sometimes a fan will kick out the television or heap abuse on his team after a bad World Cup.
Last month, the Russian opening of the movie, which details Nazi atrocities against Jews in World War II, was suddenly postponed until September after director Steven Spielberg cited unspecified ``personal circumstances.'' Meanwhile, Freeh emerged from meeting his counterpart Sergei Stepashin, head of the Federal Counterintelligence Service, with a Russian wish-list of suspects on American soil that authorities here want help nabbing.
``We talked about exchanging police officers not just for training purposes but for operational investigative purposes,'' Freeh said after a Kremlin session with Yuri Baturin, chief security adviser to President Boris Yeltsin.
He began the round six strokes off the lead and after three holes, found himself even.
We are a summer republic, after all.
``They say they are selling `dwarf tortoises,' which, of course, don't exist.'' While more than half the turtles are said to die in the first year in transport, or in pet shops or domestic aquariums, many survivors end up in the wild after their owners lose interest or find that the animals are getting too big and let them go free.
One of the reasons is that it involves a public collision of ego, money and careers, which are, after all, the driving compulsions of Broadway and Hollywood.
Lloyd Webber had pledged that Ms. LuPone, a top musical-comedy star, would appear in ``Sunset Boulevard'' on Broadway after starring in the London production.
An enormously wealthy man, he has been described by some who know him as having a chilling temper, an aloof personality and, after so much power and money over the years, indifference to the sensitivities and needs of performers with fragile egos.
In February, after months of denials by Lloyd Webber that he would shove Ms. LuPone aside, the composer did just that.
Although she has never sung onstage, the Oscar-winning actress was given the part in May after a singing audition that followed two months of vocal training with two coaches.
Brown said Lloyd Webber, Trevor Nunn, the director, and Caddick learned that Ms. Dunaway was planning to take off three days to complete filming in Mexico soon after she opened at the theater on July 12.
The day after her dismissal, Ms. Dunaway calmly told a swarm of reporters that Lloyd Webber's decision to close the show was ``yet another capricious act by a capricious man.'' ``Does he worry that his work is so fragile that it might break apart if we moved the songs outside of a range that he feels comfortable with?'' she added.
	CHILDREN-LUNCH (Seaford, Del.) -- About 13 million children are eligible for free lunches in school, but what happens after the school year ends?
There's very little human cancer until after the age of 30; then it increases sharply with age.'' Why, he wondered, should that be?
The chairman insisted that police had told him to install the added security system after the murder in 1986 of the former chairman of Renault, Georges Besse.
``I'm on a new diet,'' he announces, shortly after his entrance, clutching a grocery bag of snacks to his sloping breast.
He is, after all, just a lesser light among the Tour de France sprinters, and they revel in their reputation as tough guys.
Enough so that, a day after a horrific crash near the finish line put three sprinters out of the race and left Fontanelli bruised and aching on the ground, he was back Monday to contest, yes, another sprint.
Ludwig also finished second Sunday after a police officer wandered too far onto the course and was hit by a sprinter to start a mass spill.
Third after the 203.5-kilometer (126.5-mile) second stage from Roubaix to Boulogne sur Mer, a port on the English Channel, was Silvio Martinello, an Italian with Mercatone Uno.
I wasn't feeling confident until after the prologue.'' His problem was an insect bite on his right knee 10 days ago that left his leg swollen and curtailed his training for the 81st tour.
I had to take some antibiotics and they made me feel terrible.'' Now the infection is gone, he is back in form after a splendid 18th place in the Tour de France prologue, and he is highly optimistic about the two stages in England, on Wednesday and Thursday.
-- Sheriff's detectives in Santa Clara County, Calif., arrested an Apple Computer engineer who allegedly sexually molested a 14-year-old Monterey County boy after arranging a meeting through electronic mail.
In Michigan, a man was accused of violating anti-stalking laws for allegedly harassing a woman with computer messages after his on-line romantic overtures were rebuffed.
Tuesday night, for example, the topic is police brutality, in particular the activities of a Chicago police commander who was belatedly dismissed a few years ago after a career of torturing suspects, mostly young black and Hispanic men.
She cited the case of a Chinese woman who developed Alzheimer's disease after her daughter brought her to the United States.
They named the region Acadia, after a Peloponnesian plain called Arcadia that the ancient Greeks considered an earthly paradise.
Reflecting the increasing exposure of New Yorkers to the bites of potentially rabid animals, about 3,000 residents of the state underwent rabies inoculations after being exposed to the disease last year.
The death rate among raccoons and other affected animals peaks shortly after rabies spreads to the region they inhabit.
The Mexicans feel battle-tested and confident after their adventures in rugged Group E.
WIMBLEDON, ENGLAND  (BC-TEN-WIMBLEDON-615&ADD-NYT) On the 15th day, after the Wimbledon weather chart provided a blameless summer weekend during which a pair of Wimbledon champions played flawless tennis to earn their sport's most venerable title, matters reverted back to form and it rained.
OBSERVER: GROGGY WITH HEALTH  (BC-BAKER-COLUMN-NYT) Written after deep health-care immersion: America faces a grave health-care crisis, though maybe not.
Only after a press release was issued about the planned departure did the mayor's office pay attention, Dupuis added, though he doesn't think the last-minute intervention will make much difference.
Only after a press release was issued about the planned departure did the mayor's office pay attention, Dupuis added, though he doesn't think the last-minute intervention will make much difference.
Except after this competition, he tips the scale a few pounds heavier than before.
	``I feel very full right now,'' DeVito said after being declared the winner of the contest, which was held at Nathan's Famous.
``They just wanted to talk to me about my grandfather's honesty, his hard work, his straightforward, no-double-talk approach.'' In recent years, Daniel said, he was inspired to write his own book after reading the Pulitzer Prize-winning biography, ``Truman,'' by historian David McCullough.
Her previous 24 or so hours had gone like this: To bed at 3:30 a.m. after night duty, then up at 6:30.
Days after returning from a spring vacation to see friends and relatives in Independence, she was still fighting sea-sickness and adjusting to the movement of the floor beneath her step, the whistles that accompany ship announcements and the pain of parting from family.
It's one thing being cut off for bad performance, but more than once farmers have lost their contracts after complaining about being shorted on feed or saddled with bad chicks.
``You live daily with the fear that you're going to lose everything that you've worked all your life for,'' said a southwest Missouri farmer who lost her contract for six months after complaining about feed quality.
``I feel like I've just joined the Navy,'' said Chief Petty Officer Mindee Wolven, who was assigned to the USS Eisenhower nuclear aircraft carrier in April after 14 years in the Navy.
And when the birds are hauled off for slaughter after six or seven weeks, Swaffar is left with the manure, low pay and uncertainty whether he'll ever get another flock of birds.
Politically, the coordinates led through many shoals for a party that is rooted in the memory of Mussolini and that seems divided over how -- indeed whether -- it should seek a broader legitimacy a half-century after the fall of fascism.
And no wonder; after seven years of falling interest rates had lulled investors into expecting nothing but profits, the Federal Reserve raised interest rates in February, and the bond market panicked.
But each partner may owe as much as $12,254 in taxes after the sale, the letter says, though some might see a tax benefit.
The park, of course, was reopened two years ago after a much-publicized renovation, but for Doctorow, a 63-year-old Bronx native clad like a natty tourist in a blue blazer and crisp white trousers, it was a discovery.
Could they be relaxing at home after a 5-1 road trip?
And it has persuaded the Security Council to authorize merely a regional monitoring force, which would be deployed only after a lasting cease-fire takes hold.
``We need to diminish the zone of uncertainty which exists after the Warsaw Pact and the diminishing is in the interest of the West,'' he said.
FED WILL PROBABLY DECIDE NOT TO RAISE RATES IMMEDIATELY WASHINGTON  (BC-FED-RATES-600&ADD-NYT) Federal Reserve policy makers, who begin an eagerly awaited meeting Tuesday afternoon, will probably decide after long and spirited debate that the economy is slowing enough that they need not immediately raise short-term interest rates again.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) That day, the open market committee raised the rate on Federal funds; immediately after its meeting the five committee members who make up the Fed board adjourned to the office of Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan and raised the discount rate.
But in 1974, after Lazar agreed to try to sell the memoirs of former President Richard M.
Jonk's goal came after quick movement by the Dutch midfield, but Bonner clearly could have prevented it.
When someone after the game asked Dick Advocaat, the Dutch coach, whether his team was hanging back in the second half with a 2-0 lead, he scratched his bald head and thought for a moment before saying ``Do you know the rules of soccer?'' ``What decided the match,'' Advocaat said, ``was that the Irish didn't get the opportunity to play their type of game.'' After Bergkamp's goal, the Dutch dictated the tempo.
The two mistakes also put us on the defensive and made it a difficult mountain to climb.'' In the 1990 World Cup, the first Ireland ever qualified for, the Irish won their second-round game (on penalty kicks after a 0-0 draw with Romania), then lost in the quarterfinals to Italy, 1-0.
Shortly after the outbreak of the civil war, which began in October 1990 when the rebels invaded from bases in Uganda, the French sent paratroopers to stop the rebels, who were approaching Kigali.
On that night, he took over with the Mets leading the Cardinals by 8-7 -- after going ahead with a seven-run rally -- and gave up two runs and the victory on three hits in the ninth.
Their remarks were the first clear signal that the PLO chairman has been on more than just a visit to Gaza over the last four days, and intends to make the territories his home after years of basing himself in Tunis.
He is scheduled to end this journey on Tuesday after flying from here in an Egyptian helicopter to Jericho.
DOLLAR'S SELLERS ACTING ON CAUTION, NOT CONVICTION  (BC-DOLLAR-SPECULATION-600&ADD-NYT) As the dollar has plunged almost daily to new lows against the Japanese yen, it is easy to conjure up images of hyperactive traders in speculative frenzies, selling wave after wave of dollars.
Faced with political turmoil in Tokyo and uncertainty in Washington, most players are simply moving to a neutral portfolio, although some are cautiously trying to earn back some of the losses they suffered after the yen rose.
``The markets are not responding the way traders are able to predict, or even to make sense of after they moved,'' said Virginia R.
Charlton thought Kelly ``was brilliant'' after the first 15 minutes.
From today onward, I'm your American ambassador.'' The gala Monday, which also included Statue of Liberty napkins flown in from Frankfurt, came just days after the U.S. Senate narrowly defeated a bill that would have required the Clinton administration to break a U.N. arms embargo that has left the Bosnian government outgunned.
Ryan, a senior vice president of The New York Times Co., has retired after 38 years with the company, Arthur Ochs Sulzberger, the chairman, announced Monday.
 (BC-MILITARY-CUTBACKS-2NDTAKE-NYT) Indeed, the armed forces are still struggling to adjust to the end of the Cold War budgets after years of largesse in the Reagan administration.
He has told them time after time that they are risking their lives if they go to a game in the Bronx.
One year not long after the end of World War II, Mary Bogardus, a local businesswoman, and Sarah Taylor, who would become the village's mayor, went to the hall in a driving rainstorm on the Fourth of July and found the door locked and the premises deserted.
-- July 4, 1994 -- CHILDREN-LUNCH, 7-4 -- About 13 million children are eligible for free lunches in school, but what happens after the school year ends?
At a shelter for battered women in Pacheco, Calif., a woman holds her 2 1/2 week-old son, Romeo, who was born after she and an older son moved there to escape an abusive partner.
-- July 4, 1994 -- CHILDREN-LUNCH, 7-4 -- About 13 million children are eligible for free lunches in school, but what happens after the school year ends?
At a shelter for battered women in Pacheco, Calif., a woman holds her 2 1/2 week-old son, Romeo, who was born after she and an older son moved there to escape an abusive partner.
Under relentless pressure to produce another World Cup title after 24 fallow years, and playing a man short from the 44th minute on, Brazil appeared as if it might unravel.
The impatient Americans did not benefit from the advantage they received after Brazilian defender Leonardo threw a vicious elbow to the head of American midfielder Tab Ramos.
Without Ramos and John Harkes, who was ineligible after receiving a pair of yellow-card cautions in the first round, the American attack fell dormant, the midfield unable to control the ball or generate any forward momentum.
Brazil now advances to play the Netherlands in the quarterfinals, while the Americans, ousted unceremoniously after three games in the 1990 World Cup, can take solace in their vast improvement with a draw against Switzerland, a victory over Colombia and a slim defeat to Brazil.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Ramos, rejuvenated after touching the ball infrequently against Romania, had provided the Americans their only scoring chance of the first half.
But, Lord, how tough their opponents, a team from the United States, had made it for the Brazilians before they finally scored after 74 minutes of scoreless frustration.
Particularly, it will be said, the Americans should have pressed the action and tried to force the ball down the field after the Brazilian defender Leonardo was sent off for delivering an elbow to the face of America's Tab Ramos.
Maybe if you go back five years, after a 1-0 loss to Brazil we wouldn't have been crying in the locker room.
To fight prosecutors' attempts to use the evidence found by detectives the morning after the killings, the defense team filed a motion last week arguing that investigators violated Simpson's constitutional rights in searching his estate and then using what they found to obtain a search warrant.
The search warrant was obtained at 10:45 a.m., almost six hours after detectives first went to the Simpson home to notify him of his former wife's death.
And just how did the officers reach the front door after they encountered the Bronco?
For one thing, she doesn't want to blow her husband's presidency after two years in office.
Since Mattingly has not played since Monday, June 27, in Boston, placing him on the disabled list would be retroactive to June 28, and he would be eligible to be activated July 14, the first game after the three-day All-Star Game break.
	John Neff, the man behind Vanguard's giant Windsor fund, has been vindicated this year after a highly publicized slump.
	The Economy 	Federal Reserve policymakers, who begin an eagerly awaited meeting Tuesday, will probably decide after long and spirited debate that the economy is slowing enough that they need not immediately raise short-term interest rates again.
His ``wetland,'' which covers less than a half an acre and takes several days longer than the rest of the field to dry out after a heavy rain, falls into the category of land that is already farmed.
Although he described the residue coverage after his actions as ``virtually zero,'' in contrast with the plan's requirement that 30 percent of the soil be covered, he claimed 4 percent in his meeting here after an Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service representative suggested that there must be some residue left.
``It's nice to hear those words,'' said Stewart, his eyes still red 30 minutes after making his last run of the World Cup.
THE MAN CLINTON TURNS TO IN TIMES OF TURMOIL AND MOMENTS OF DOUBT WASHINGTON  (BC-CLINTON-BLAIR-4TAKES-NYT) In March 1992, a few days after the first news account appeared on Bill and Hillary Clinton's Ozark real estate investment, James B.
In 1980, Clinton suffered his most stinging political defeat as Arkansas voters rejected him after one term as governor.
Clinton has said she made her own decisions in the commodities market, sometimes after consulting Blair.
A newspaper photo shows the two men embracing on the steps of the state capitol after the victory.
Customers get their television service through the Nynex line, then choose which cable provider to take after that.
-- July 4, 1994 -- CHILDREN-LUNCH, 7-4 -- About 13 million children are eligible for free lunches in school, but what happens after the school year ends?
At a shelter for battered women in Pacheco, Calif., a woman holds her 2 1/2 week-old son, Romeo, who was born after she and an older son moved there to escape an abusive partner.
-- July 4, 1994 -- CHILDREN-LUNCH, 7-4 -- About 13 million children are eligible for free lunches in school, but what happens after the school year ends?
At a shelter for battered women in Pacheco, Calif., a woman holds her 2 1/2 week-old son, Romeo, who was born after she and an older son moved there to escape an abusive partner.
-- July 4, 1994 -- CHILDREN-LUNCH, 7-4 -- About 13 million children are eligible for free lunches in school, but what happens after the school year ends?
At a shelter for battered women in Pacheco, Calif., a woman holds her 2 1/2 week-old son, Romeo, who was born after she and an older son moved there to escape an abusive partner.
-- July 4, 1994 -- CHILDREN-LUNCH, 7-4 -- About 13 million children are eligible for free lunches in school, but what happens after the school year ends?
At a shelter for battered women in Pacheco, Calif., a woman holds her 2 1/2 week-old son, Romeo, who was born after she and an older son moved there to escape an abusive partner.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Most planes, including the one that crashed, also include wind-shear-detection devices, but they are of little use to pilots because they alert the pilot only after the plane enters a danger zone.
Webb and others involved in the renovation contend the press box, built 25 years after the original stadium was completed in 1923, has little historical value.
``There was a stadium there before the Raiders and there will be a stadium after the Raiders.'' Webb said the Statue of Liberty and the Coliseum aren't a fair comparison.
While his Unicare plan was never adopted -- it languished after the Clinton administration began its push for national reform -- Axelrod began several subsidiary programs, including Child Health Plus, a state insurance subsidy that now covers 67,000 children in families earning too much to qualify for Medicaid, and a prenatal care program, covering uninsured pregnant women.
And in the late 1980s, after his efficiency campaigns had sharply reduced hospital beds in the state, and shortages of beds were soaring on a tide of AIDS and drug-addiction cases, he was widely criticized for failing to anticipate trends.
It was a raucous outpouring after what was billed as the most important soccer game ever on U.S. soil, as 86,000 soccer fans packed the stadium to watch the second-round World Cup match.
At Palo Alto's Town & Country Village shopping center, a multinational Fourth of July party featuring Brazilian, U.S. and Mexican flags was in full swing hours after the game ended.
``We're not unhappy, after all, they only beat us by one point,'' said Price Carlton, an Atlanta native who flew in from Tel Aviv, Israel, to watch the games.
SIMPSON DEFENSE TEAM MAKES CASE LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-DEFENSE-SFCHRON) O.J. Simpson's defense lawyers will make their first significant counterattack when his preliminary hearing resumes Tuesday, urging the judge to throw out crucial evidence gathered only hours after the killings of the football legend's ex-wife and her friend.
In his papers, he claims that police arrived at Simpson's house at 5 a.m., just hours after the slayings, to notify the ex-football star of his former wife's death.
DEVIL HIS DUE WINS SUBURBAN AT BELMONT ELMONT, N.Y.  (BC-RAC-DEVIL-HIS-DUE-450&Add-NYT) One day after Holy Bull streaked through the homestretch toward the championship of racing's 3-year-old division, Devil His Due streaked through the same stretch Monday toward the championship of the handicap division.
Until then, he was stalked most of the way by Kingdom Found, who shipped into town from the West Coast after running second to The Wicked North in the Californian one month ago.
Until Katie was found walking in a field Sunday afternoon, the circumstances of the case evoked painful memories of Polly Klaas, the Petaluma girl who was found dead last year two months after being abducted from her house by a stranger.
Katie, who was released from the hospital Sunday night after treatment for minor injuries, is ``holding up remarkably well,'' after such a traumatic experience, the police chief said.
1 -- for this part of the merger, after Election Day.
The family left Russia in 1919, after the October Revolution, and she was educated in France and England.
To retain the right to match any offers, the Devils sent a contract to Stevens after the playoffs, reportedly offering $12 million for five years.
About 150 German and international banks provided a $1.9 billion bailout after the company lost $1.33 billion in oil futures trading in the United States.
The most recent scandal erupted in June, when Balsam A.G., a company that produces surfaces for tennis courts and running tracks, filed for bankruptcy after its four-member board was arrested on suspicion of fraud, leaving $900 million in unpaid debts.
And after they threw her up in the air, they were looking for someone else to hassle.'' 
Webb and others involved in the renovation contend the press box, built 25 years after the original stadium was completed in 1923, has little historical value.
``There was a stadium there before the Raiders and there will be a stadium after the Raiders.'' Webb said the Statue of Liberty and the Coliseum aren't a fair comparison.
And it put up a ``Welcome World Cup'' sign in big black letters for all the world to see, until management grew tired of it after two weeks and returned the ``Day rate $20 and up'' ad.
He has seen a lot of fans like Alejandro Zozoya, who found the Palace after meeting someone at Giants stadium who recommended it.
 (BC-RAC-HOLLYWOOD PARK-LADN) The first time Blues Traveller raced in the United States, he was forced wide on the turn, finished sixth and was moved up to fifth after a disqualification in the roughly run Del Mar Derby won by Guide.
Blues Traveller paid $12 after running 1[ miles on turf in 1:46 2/5.
And he recommended essentially extending the two companies' contracts for the fiscal year that ended June 30 until after the two bond transactions have been completed.
The unrelenting World Cup favorites played much of the second half one man short after defender Leonardo was banished for intentionally elbowing U.S. midfielder Tab Ramos and sending him to the hospital with a concussion.
Brazil played the final 46 minutes with only 10 players after midfielder Leonardo viciously elbowed Tab Ramos in the head.
Ramos suffered a second-stage concussion and a fracture of the parietal bone behind his left ear when Leonardo clubbed him in the left temple in the 44th minute after a failed effort to steal the ball.
Brazil was so dominant that even after it went down a man, it dominated play.
Lalas slid after Bebeto in an effort to block his shot but he was too late and Bebeto put the ball inside the far post past Meola.
``Those are the two best forwards in the tournament.'' There were only a few U.S. chances after that to tie the match.
In the 87th minute, U.S. defender Fernando Clavijo was kicked out of the game after getting his second yellow card.
``They have a little of everything.'' Though the United States is out after the second round, the result remains a significant improvement over 1990, when a band of overmatched Americans went to Italy and were taught a major soccer lesson, losing all three games and looking bad in the process.
And then, one day after neighboring power Argentina lost to Romania -- a supposedly inferior soccer nation -- the Brazilians have to play a hungry host on the Fourth of July.
Bebeto's goal, after several blown chances by Brazil, allowed Brazilian fans to breathe again.
``We played more tranquil after the goal.'' It was also a relief because Brazil was playing a man short.
Leonardo was sent off in the 44th minute by French referee Joel Quiniou after cracking U.S. midfielder Tab Ramos in the temple on a sideline play.
Just one ball went in (Monday), but with a little luck, two or three others could have too.'' The Brazilian media seemed to grill coach Carlos Alberto Parreira after Monday's game.
Shapiro claims police initially inspected Simpson's home without a warrant the day after the slayings, then used those illegal observations to obtain a search warrant.
Shapiro is asking Municipal Court Judge Kathleen Kennedy-Powell to throw out 34 pieces of evidence he says were improperly taken from Simpson's property the day after the killings.
In his electronic life, Mitnick referred to himself as Condor, after the character Robert Redford played in the movie, ``Three Days of the Condor.'' Various law enforcement agencies are looking for Mitnick, and consider him dangerous, said John Hoos, an FBI spokesman.
Instead, Mitnick has supported himself by taking jobs at various companies as a computer programmer, often under assumed identities compiled after accessing various records, such as those kept by the California Department of Motor Vehicles -- which also has issued a warrant for Mitnick's arrest.
Three-year-old Marisa Feratti was in stable condition at Bellevue after she lost the index finger and part of the middle finger on her right hand.
The accident happened only moments after relatives brought her outside late Sunday night to watch a neighborhood display of fireworks in Bensonhurst, the police said.
Just after midnight, as her mother washed dishes in the kitchen, Marisa found a firecracker in an older brother's room and sparked it with a cigarette lighter.
Funches provided an identification card but no valid driver's license after the collision, Hart said.
About an hour later, Rogers fired twice into the chest of 31-year-old Bernard Calonne, a passenger who got on the bus after eating dinner on the Westside.
Rogers later was shot to death by sheriff's deputies who stormed the bus after a three-hour standoff.
He also said he is concerned that when the system finally arrives, after six years of waiting it may be obsolete.
That prompted the agency to make it impossible for a police unit or dispatcher to make contact with a bus after the alarm is sounded.
Bennett, a 70-year-old Democrat from Newburgh, N.Y., made it his final mission to rename the Mid-Hudson Bridge after Roosevelt, a Democrat who died in 1945 after 12 years in the White House, and the Newburgh-Beacon Bridge after Fish, a Republican who died in 1991 after serving 25 years in Congress.
Bennett figured that naming neighboring bridges after a Roosevelt and a Fish after all those years of feuding between the Hudson Valley's most prominent families would ``show that partisan differences can really never divide Americans.'' His bill passed the Democratic-controlled Assembly in February by a vote of 135 to 1.
Mario Cuomo attended a retirement dinner for another Hamilton Fish, the son of the late congressman, a Republican who is himself leaving the House of Representatives after 25 years.
15, a week after the general election.
``I think that's one the pitcher hates,'' said Martinez (7-5), who slammed his glove into a dugout trash can after the frustrating three-run fourth.
Wallach got aboard with a walk, after singling in the sixth to break a 3-for-38 (.079) slide.
	``Sometimes you get to a point where the challenges look the same,'' Joanou said last week, adding that after being ``so goal-oriented'' all his life, he was seeking time to ``pursue personal interests.'' Joanou, 61, has been in the advertising industry for 33 years and at Dailey for the last two decades.
	The Golden Grain Co. in Pleasanton, Calif., has moved its account to Young & Rubicam San Francisco from Goldberg Moser O'Neill in San Francisco after eight years.
Mullen was awarded the account after a five-week review that excluded Clarke Goward and was narrowed to three finalists: Mullen; Hill, Holliday, Connors, Cosmopulos in Boston, and Lintas New York.
Perkins was named managing director at Lord, Dentsu & Partners, New York, succeeding Andy Bielanski, who joined the agency's Los Angeles office last month as managing director after Leonard Pearlstein, president and chief operating officer in Los Angeles, left.
At a sensor just north of runway 18-R, where Flight 1016 was trying to land, winds increased in just one minute from 21 miles an hour to 35 miles an hour at about the time the flight crashed, just after 6:42 p.m. Wind direction and speed varied enormously at that sensor and at another two miles away.
``Women have always had an important role in our society because of their contributions to national defense and reconstruction after our wars,'' says Binh, a prim 67-year-old who wears the ``ao dai,'' silk pants and tunic, traditional costume of Vietnamese women.
Even worse, prostitution has returned with a vengeance to Vietnamese cities after a 20-year hiatus.
``Women have always had an important role in our society because of their contributions to national defense and reconstruction after our wars,'' says Binh, a prim 67-year-old who wears the ``ao dai,'' silk pants and tunic, traditional costume of Vietnamese women.
Even worse, prostitution has returned with a vengeance to Vietnamese cities after a 20-year hiatus.
But Van Slyke got off to a slow start, then missed six games due to a neck strain, and is hitting only .248 after back-to-back seasons of batting over .300.
It was a man up for the entire second half after the infamous Leonardo was ejected for cracking Tab Ramos' skull with a swinging elbow.
In a transaction announced immediately after the game, the New York Knicks signed Leonardo to a long-term deal.
He admits having rushed himself a month ago after playing only once in nine days.
It happened Monday at 10:01 a.m. in Piedmont Park, an hour and 43 minutes after she crossed the starting line, some three hours after it all began.
So Nelson was scurrying down Lenox Road -- the middle of the road -- away from the starting area, trying to get the kids (with Claire in a stroller) to Piedmont Park to meet Dad after the finish.
A short while later, spectators at the intersection of Lindbergh and Peachtree witnessed a man in pants, jacket and tie running near the curb asking, ``Anybody know where the Atlanta Financial Center is?'' Moments after that, a male runner yelled out, ``Hey, people, I'm getting married Saturday,'' to which there was raucous cheering.
``Just trying to get in shape.'' For some, it was all about pace, even after the race.
Dr. Ethan Staats, 59, waited until after the race to have a drink, and he chose water.
He was thinking what thousands of others thought after Monday's oddly glorious weather.
Toward its end, one runner is heard to say: ``We'll probably get going about 8:30.'' That's an hour after the official start time.
It's only the right thing to do.'' RAMOS UPDATE: In Stanford, Calif., U.S. midfielder Tab Ramos sustained a slight fracture of the parietal bone over his left eye after being elbowed by Brazil's Leonardo.
In the early '60s, nearly 10 years after the end of the Korean War, South Korea was still reeling from its effects.
Jolliff's case was dismissed last year by the examiners board after he killed himself.
Neff, the man behind Vanguard's giant Windsor fund, has been vindicated this year after a highly publicized slump.
Costain, who relinquished an editorship with The Saturday Evening Post after perfecting a bestseller formula.
``Another guy then suggested a game in which 10 pins would be set up in a triangular configuration several yards away, and people would try to knock them down by rolling a heavy ball at them after having consumed about 10 gallons of beer.
It would be so exciting, in fact, that it probably wouldn't be necessary for the players to kick the ball very often at all -- like, maybe they could kick it only after they were unable to get anywhere running with it or throwing it.
That is expected to happen this week, just after Clinton leaves the country.
Both Medina and Wong made the decision to become U.S. citizens after it became clear they would no longer return to live permanently in their native countries.
``But after my parents passed away, I thought, this is my home.'' Wong, who has lived here 38 years, is anxious to cast a vote in the next presidential election, if for no other reason than to aggravate her more liberal family members.
But not after a good massage.
Gang members were subsequently arrested after delivering the baby girl back to her parents unharmed.
He resigned that position April 17, a day after Lambert publicly revealed details of his testimony to the SWC.
She writes: ``I made my peace with that choice, but it has taken me more than nine years to get over the feeling of not being pretty enough, not being good enough for anything, and so much of that came from modeling.'' She is not the only one to talk about insecurities past and present, and the book's most touching photographs are the ones Elgort has taken of young models just before or after a day's work.
But after the book was published, the town was so beset by tour buses that Mayle moved to an even more remote village.
Chosen for a big New York fashion show, Sarah and Julie nearly became friends, but then Julie, after a big night of drinking and drugging, began staggering on the runway.
Then there was top model Teri (Stephanie Romanov), who, after telling Hillary she was leaving the agency to find ``someone with more reach,'' was seen tumbling from a high-floor window in an office building.
Eight years earlier, Aaron Stromholt, 17, of Key West also became a quadriplegic after diving from that pier, which extends 300 feet from the shoreline, prompting some people to expect deep water below despite signs proclaiming ``No Diving, Shallow Water.'' Two years before Stromholt's accident, Robin Schimmel, a high school senior and football hero, met with the same fate off the same pier, and two years before that accident, another young man had a similar one.
Steroids given within hours of the accident can stem the destruction of nerve tissue that occurs four to six hours after the injury, and antibiotics are used to control life-threatening infections.
Do not dive after consuming alcohol.
Spike retired in 1990 after working 30 years for the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department.
It just makes me a sick person that's getting well.'' Strawberry, who began his minor-league rehabilitation assignment Monday with Triple-A Phoenix, said he considered quitting baseball after entering the Betty Ford Center in April for treatment of a substance abuse problem.
	A day after establishing what French officers described as a line in the sand to prevent a military victory by the advancing forces of the Tutsi-led rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front, President Francois Mitterrand asserted the rebels ``are not our enemies, and we are not trying to prevent them from winning the civil war.'' 	French officials were negotiating with representatives of the Rwandan government and the rebels over the boundaries of the ``safe zone'' in the southwest.
He rode heroically at the front of his Gan team, powering it along for kilometer after kilometer of a 66.5-kilometer (41.3-mile) windswept and hilly course in a team time trial.
Boardman kept the yellow jersey on his shoulders through the two daily stages after the prologue and he had those three jerseys in his luggage when the train carried the first large group of passengers through the Chunnel, as it has become known since it opened in May.
	A day after establishing what French officers described as a line in the sand to prevent a military victory by the advancing forces of the Tutsi-led rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front, President Francois Mitterrand asserted the rebels ``are not our enemies, and we are not trying to prevent them from winning the civil war.'' 	French officials were negotiating with representatives of the Rwandan government and the rebels over the boundaries of the ``safe zone'' in the southwest.
Allen opened Joe Allen, originally two bars, after ``divorcing'' his partner in Allen's, an Upper East Side restaurant and bar he had been involved in for some six years.
The two met after Allen's brief stint in the Army and even briefer, and unsuccessful, flirtation with Wall Street.
Joe Allen in New York will celebrate its 30th anniversary next year; Orso in New York (named after a well-known dog that wandered near the Gritti Palace in Venice) celebrated its 10th last year.
Even after returning stateside, the uncomprehending Forrest becomes the perfect dupe for anti-war protesters.
Gary Sinise is a fiercely intelligent presence as their disillusioned commander, Lt. Dan, whom Forrest virtually plays ``Midnight Cowboy'' with after Dan's spirit is blown away with his legs.
Worldwide sales could reach 1 million copies and bring profits of $12 million after recouping production costs estimated at about $3 million, he said.
Tickets are two-for-one after 4 p.m. Fridays.
Tickets are two-for-one after 4 p.m. Fridays.
Table after table holding platters and bowls of straight-from-the-garden salads and grilled vegetables, baskets of fresh herbs, mounds of grains and greens.
``There is no military invasion imminent,'' Gray told reporters shortly after Clinton discussed Haiti with his senior foreign policy advisers, including Defense Secretary William Perry and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman John Shalikashvili.
We decided, `We're not going to take any more.' '' But then last November, a few months after those three babies were placed in permanent homes, another call came: Another foster family was caring for two baby sisters.
``Of course, we did.'' The Petersens set out on their foster parent career 22 years ago, shortly after the second of their two children married.
``Americans who know how Coca-Cola tastes don't want that changed either.'' While scores were being tallied after the tasting, the light lunch that had been promised turned out to be a plate of pates.
The park was closed and abandoned in 1885, after seven years of use.
So why do foster parents tend to turn away so soon after they've begun?
``You knock yourself out and (the child) cries for an hour after a visit (with his biological family).
The park was closed and abandoned in 1885, after seven years of use.
	The cutbacks, among the largest in U.S. oil operations, come after a two-year cost-cutting effort that shrank Texaco's work force by 13 percent, to 32,000 people.
The gal who's divorcing ran off when, after we had the same talk about the same sorry man for the 25th time, I told her to call a therapist or a lawyer because I had laundry to fold and three kids to bathe.
But it's not that way any more.'' Several veteran fans said they sense a certain cynicism, a take-the-money-and-run feeling, when bands re-emerge after a long silence and then charge high dollars for tickets.
``It's fun because everyone's in a good mood,'' said Dennis Eckersley, the veteran relief pitcher, who is regularly saving games again after shedding his rocky start.
Now we're back in it.'' The Athletics, who finished in last place last season in the old American League West after winning four division championships the previous five seasons, were out of it because of poor execution and injuries.
``The day after a tough loss, our club always gave a professional effort,'' he said.
When given soon after the injury occurs, the treatments seem to promote growth of nerve fibers, only a small percentage of which are needed to produce significant functional gains.
Even after initial recovery, surgery to reduce pressure on the spinal cord or to remove cysts, which often form as a result of the injury, sometimes results in life-enhancing improvements, like the ability to get in and out of a wheelchair unaided or even to walk with special aids.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Although paralysis occurs immediately when the spinal cord is severely injured, much of the permanent damage to nerve tissue takes place during the first four to six hours after the injury.
Perhaps most challenging of all are the psychological adjustments required after a spinal cord injury.
Formal of Philadelphia noted that ``the majority of people with chronic spinal injuries are not depressed'' and that ``the majority still rate their quality of life as `good' or `excellent.''' Still, they added, the divorce rate is high during the first years after the injury, half of the patients who were working before the accident never return to work, and suicide is more frequent, especially among those who remain unemployed and socially isolated after the injury.
Probably that Disney's animated ``The Lion King'' is a success story after their own hearts.
Indeed, year after year at these meetings, our friends and allies hammered us about the deficit and claimed that they were unable to listen to our suggestions about what they could do to promote global growth.'' The administration has brought the deficit down from one of the largest in the G-7 group to one of the smallest, he said.
A few hours after his speech, Clinton departed on his third trip to Europe this year.
CLINTON TO VISIT LATVIA AMID DISPUTE OVER CITIZENSHIP RIGA, Latvia  (BC-CLINTON-LATVIA-575&ADD-NYT) A hundred yards from the idyllic spot where President Clinton plans to toast Latvia's independence and democracy after his arrival Wednesday morning, a crowd of 2,000 to 3,000 angry Russians chanted and waved signs Tuesday, denouncing Latvian ``fascism'' and ``apartheid.'' Clinton is the first American president to visit the Baltic countries, but the symbolism of his visit is blurred by its timing.
After considerable urging by the United States and Western Europe, President Guntis Ulmanis instructed Parliament a week ago to reconsider a sensitive draft law on citizenship that would impose strict quotas on Russians who arrived in Latvia after the Soviet annexation of 1940.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Freeh left Moscow Tuesday after a two days of meetings with the chiefs of the Russian domestic security apparatus, including Yerin; the director of the Federal Counterintelligence Service (the domestic branch of the old KGB); the national security adviser; the deputy justice minister and the first deputy prime minister, Oleg Soskovets.
A day after the French force established what officers described as a line in the sand to prevent a military victory by the advancing forces of the Tutsi-led rebel Rwandan Patriotic Front, President Francois Mitterrand, who was on a visit to South Africa, asserted the rebels ``are not our enemies, and we are not trying to prevent them from winning the civil war.'' French officials were negotiating with representatives of the Rwandan government and the rebels over the boundaries of the ``safe zone'' in the southwest.
The French had once before rescued the Rwanda government, by sending in paratroopers in December 1990, a few months after the rebels launched the civil war.
The old neighborhood saw less of Simpson after he was awarded the Heisman Trophy, he said.
``You wait until after 7 p.m.'' Customers can also turn the managing of their appliances over to the utility, he said.
``You wait until after 7 p.m.'' Customers can also turn the managing of their appliances over to the utility, he said.
The cutbacks, among the largest in U.S. oil operations, come after a two-year cost-cutting effort that shrank Texaco's work force by 13 percent, to 32,000 people.
Human rights workers here say that the campaign of violence increased last fall, after the military realized that diplomatic efforts to restore the country's exiled president, the Rev.
It was the largest number of refugees picked up in a single day since Haitians began to take to the seas in large numbers after the coup that overthrew Aristide.
The latest exodus of Haitians began after President Clinton announced on May 8 that he was reversing his policy of summarily returning Haitians without first granting them an interview to judge whether they should be granted refugee status.
``It would be a mistake of historic proportions for either party to believe they can serve their people well by rejecting this plan,'' Secretary of State Warren Christopher said after a sometimes strained meeting of foreign ministers here.
The Serbs, who control about 70 percent of Bosnia after 27 months of fighting in Europe's worst conflict since World War II, have rejected earlier peace proposals because they failed to provide this corridor.
Alluding to what might happen if the Bosnian government accepts the plan and the Serbs reject it, Kozyrev added that, ``As an extreme measure, removing the arms embargo may be inevitable.'' Christopher said that ``at the end of the day,'' lifting the arms embargo could become ``a very strong possibility.'' In effect it was clear that any lifting of the embargo would only come as a last resort, after several months and elaborate preparations.
That is exactly what Gianni Agnelli, the proprietor of Fiat cars, called him after Baggio's rather wimpified performance against Mexico.
Twenty years ago, when Italy went out after the first round in West Germany, the players were villified when they got off the plane in Rome.
Even if Italy might never approach the horror of the Andres Escobar killing in Colombia, there would have been no pleasure in going home after a loss to Nigeria.
Baggio seemed subdued after the game.
Simms, one of the game's best quarterbacks ever, was released after 15 years because of his age (38), a recently operated upon shoulder and a $2.5 million salary.
Several general managers said Tuesday that they were interested in Simms but would wait until August after they took a good look at their quarterbacks after several weeks of training camp.
In 1991, after being overruled by a federal appeals court, Greene reluctantly lifted a restriction that had barred the telephone companies from offering information services like stock quotes, news and classified advertising over their phone lines.
plunged 30 percent Tuesday after an analyst reduced his forecast for the company's third-quarter earnings.
The selloff came after David K.
Stone said Tuesday that he recalculated his earnings forecast after a discussion with Perseptive officials at the close of the company's third quarter, which ended Thursday.
However, Laubscher said, ``any move below 3,600 would signal traders to start buying some of the better looking groups, such as aluminum, oil well service stocks, major oils, drugs, hospital supplies and papers.'' Texaco, up }, to 60~, led the oil group higher after announcing a restructuring plan to cut costs by $300 million.
The stock fell 2{ to close at 2| after the software company warned of an impending fourth-quarter loss.
``Some of us felt that the tournament really starts after the first round.'' The Dutch indeed raised their level to a higher standard against the Irish, who not only played poorly but also committed two crucial mistakes on defense that led to the two goals.
The old neighborhood saw less of Simpson after he was awarded the Heisman Trophy, he said.
Ms. Nasrin has written a best-selling novel, ``Lajja'' (``Shame''), that describes the fanatic bigotry directed at a Hindu family in Dhaka by fundamentalists among the majority Muslims after Hindu zealots in India tore to pieces an ancient mosque in Ayodhya in 1992.
They say action on the plan -- designed to reduce the region's pollution by 75 percent -- should come after the South Coast Air Quality Management District staff receives a new state study on vehicle emissions later this summer.
AQMD's Kelly points out that district directors could go ahead with the plan and then revise it after new data from the state are analyzed.
His last visit to the West Bank is believed to have been in 1967 shortly after Israel's victory in the Middle East war.
Tuesday's victory was Saberhagen's ninth of the season, and it came two days after Saberhagen was named the Mets' lone representative to the National League All-Star team, an honor he had received twice previously in the American League.
That is the crushing lesson Nigeria will take home from Italy's dramatic 2-1 overtime victory Tuesday afternoon, after the most important game in its modest soccer history was reduced to two minutes that stood between the Super Eagles and their most memorable triumph.
``Two minutes too far away,'' said Clemens Westerhof, Nigeria's coach, who confirmed after the game that his five-year association with the team was ending.
Amunike, who scored after a Nigerian corner kick caromed off Paolo Maldini, the Italian captain, came out in the 58th minute.
Everything had changed forever, and after the overtime, Baggio could make a relieved declaration.
``The World Cup begins now; not just for me, but for Italy,'' Baggio said, after it had very nearly ended.
Although the stocks of both companies initially rose after the announcement, they ended lower in Nasdaq trading.
But he found himself defending his plan against charges that it would crush small businesses, after Motley told the gathering that the plan would be like ``tying small businesses to a sled and pushing them down a mountain, hoping they'll remain upright.'' Rep.
But four days after the Thibodaux meeting, Tauzin stiffened, introducing a resolution requiring a separate vote on mandates if any bill passed that included them.
Radar data show him veering to the right -- westward -- at seven seconds after 6:42.
At 13 seconds after 6:42, the plane radioed the tower saying it was ``on the go,'' meaning it was circling to abort its landing.
Radar tracked the plane at 350 feet above the ground and two-tenths of a mile west of the runway at 16 seconds after 6:42.
The friend in the guest house, Brian Kaelin, said that he and Simpson returned to the estate at 9:45 after picking up food together at a McDonald's restaurant and that he did not see Simpson again until 11 or so.
The limousine driver, Allan Park, said that he arrived at the estate at 10:25, buzzed an intercom at the front gate after a short wait and also telephoned the house but that he could not gain entry until about 11 and, like Kaelin, did not see or hear Simpson until then.
The testimony came early on the hearing's third day, most of whose afternoon session was given over to questioning of detectives who collected 34 pieces of evidence at Simpson's estate the morning after the killings, while he was still in Chicago.
Shortly after 11 o'clock, he testified, Simpson emerged from the house, having said over the intercom at the gate that he was running late because he had fallen asleep.
Throughout the country, squatter camps are popping up like mushrooms after a summer storm.
In early June, after homeowners complained that a newly built shantytown would drive down property values, the Johannesburg City Council, which is controlled by the traditionally liberal Democratic Party, sent the police to demolish the shacks.
The new policy comes just three weeks after the administration stopped forcibly returning those picked up at sea to Haiti and began hearing their claims for asylum aboard Navy ships.
 (BC-SOC-WCUP-U.S.-500&Add-NYT) Even as officials of the proposed domestic soccer league hope to keep them at home, America's World Cup players are receiving a flurry of offers to play in Europe after their unexpected success in reaching the second round.
The future of the team's players and coach was the lingering issue Tuesday as the Americans began to scatter after Monday's 1-0 loss to Brazil eliminated them in the second round.
One of those players, midfielder Tab Ramos, was released Tuesday from Stanford Medical Center in Palo Alto, Calif., where he was taken after receiving an elbow to the left temple by Brazilian defender Leonardo.
Discussions about his future here are not expected to take place until after the federation holds its presidential election in August.
Among the players, Lalas has received what Nuttall has described as ``multiple'' overseas offers after his solid defense against some of the world's most skilled attackers.
In one case, a man trapped in a van after it was washed off the road was plucked from his vehicle by rescue workers using ropes to clamber through the treetops.
And in Rockdale County, about 15 miles west of Atlanta, a young girl was reported drowned after she was swept away by flood waters while walking her dog.
Above Lake Arrowhead, a mountain resort 30 miles from here, a wildfire given the name ``Devil Fire'' was mostly under control today after consuming 11,000 acres.
Madison Square Garden, the two teams and the cable network are being sold by Viacom Inc., which became their owner after acquiring Paramount Communications earlier this year.
Madison Square Garden, the two teams and the cable network are being sold by Viacom Inc., which became their owner after acquiring Paramount Communications earlier this year.
Biogen is racing to seek federal approval for two promising products: beta interferon, a genetically engineered treatment to ease the devastating effects of multiple sclerosis, and Hirulog, a synthetic peptide intended to reduce dangerous clotting after balloon procedures that open blocked arteries.
Vincent said speedy action to prevent clotting is vital for angioplasty patients whose arteries close after a balloon procedure.
Gray's announcement came after an estimated 100 people fleeing Haiti drowned when their boat capsized Monday.
	Perseptive Biosystems shares plunged 30 percent after an analyst reduced his forecast for its third-quarter earnings.
An aide said more than 200 letters and calls of support were received immediately after Armey explained his bill in The Wall Street Journal last month.
``There is nothing in the literature to indicate that someone gains skills after this kind of brain damage.'' With dozens of his drawings, most of them done with color pencil, spread out before him on his kitchen table, Geraci begins to tell his saga.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Records show Geraci was released from Kern County Medical Center just a day after his accident Aug.
Recruits were marched in double file from an auditorium after saying good-bye to family members.
-- July 5, 1994 -- CONFIT-TASTING, 7-5 -- Ariane Daguin after preparing dozens of different samples of confit.
A practicing Roman Catholic, he named his parent corporations after St. Anthony and St. Jude, and he filled his hotels with the old and the poor.
``They came after me because I'm a foreigner,'' he said.
``You have to be like a laser beam to go after him,'' said Anne Rudman, director of the asset forfeiture unit in the Manhattan district attorney's office.
Eamon Moynihan, a spokesman for the finance department, said Truong did so only after the city threatened to shut him down.
Guards were told to admit anyone who showed a key, Mr. Saponaro said, even after it was clear that some tenants were throwing keys out the window to people on the street.
Truong said that he lost $50,000 a month on the Kenmore in 1993, after breaking even for several years.
Recruits were marched in double file from an auditorium after saying good-bye to family members.
-- July 5, 1994 -- CONFIT-TASTING, 7-5 -- Ariane Daguin after preparing dozens of different samples of confit.
Other carriers like Continental Airlines and USAir, have also unabashedly modeled some parts of their operations after Southwest's, particularly the ability to get planes in and out of airports quickly to improve productivity.
Recruits were marched in double file from an auditorium after saying good-bye to family members.
-- July 5, 1994 -- CONFIT-TASTING, 7-5 -- Ariane Daguin after preparing dozens of different samples of confit.
Recruits were marched in double file from an auditorium after saying good-bye to family members.
-- July 5, 1994 -- CONFIT-TASTING, 7-5 -- Ariane Daguin after preparing dozens of different samples of confit.
If somebody from Oaxaca wants to move all the way to Baja California and cross the border, I cannot stop them.'' Montano said his government is alarmed by the harassment of Latinos by immigration officials and by growing abuse and exploitation of Mexicans who are legally or illegally in the United States, blaming such attitudes for last week's clash between police and celebrating Mexicans in Southern California after a World Cup victory.
``The crimes, after all, were committed (in the United States).
17 temblor totaled about $6.5 billion in insured losses, making it the industry's second-costliest disaster, after Hurricane Andrew.
Winer said Rahn began a sexual relationship with Lowinger after their third therapy session.
It doesn't block light and air.'' For the moment, however, Fordham says it faces the prospect of silencing WFUV (90.7 on the dial) after 47 years on the air.
Judge Conlon ruled on the matter because she retained control of the class action after the settlement was reached, and so still hears cases involving disputes between Prudential and investors who were part of the class action.
Her decision, which was first reported in Securities Week, a trade publication, came after Prudential filed a motion with Judge Conlon asking her to enforce the settlement and dismiss the cases.
Many experts predicted results similar to '90 -- three losses and adios -- particularly after the United States drew Colombia, Romania and Switzerland in its first-round grouping.
``I think we played good games, and we did a really good job,'' midfielder Thomas Dooley said after Monday's tournament-ending, 1-0 loss to Brazil at Stanford Stadium.
In any event, after the transition to the computerized system, there was no paper record showing the dollar value of the securities that Seafirst was sending every day to the New York clearing bank via overnight mail.
A provision of the Securities and Exchange Act says that a report must be filed with the SEC within 10 days after payment for securities sent by mail has not been received.
Employment began to fall three years after defense spending started ebbing in 1985, said Daniel Flaming, the group's president.
Basil Vlavianos, an educator and editor who was a prominent member of the Greek-American community, died on June 27 in Alexandria, Va. He was 91 and had moved to Alexandria from Yonkers, N.Y., four years ago after the death of his wife, Katie.
That day, Pepsico stock fell $3, to $31.50, after reports that sales at Taco Bell and Pepsico's other restaurant chains -- which include KFC and Pizza Hut -- were unexpectedly slow.
It is a point of pride for the Clarks that a crew be waiting with engines running minutes after they are notified of an emergency.
Officials had put the time of Nicole Simpson's death after 11 p.m. because she and her mother, Judi Brown, had talked by phone at that hour.
and just seconds after that I saw a black male ...'' Park responded that he concluded the person was male.
The actor and writer testified he spoke to Simpson again after the recital, which was held at Paul Revere Junior High School, and described his demeanor as ``not upbeat, not downbeat.
	And Jack Mariucci, DDB Needham New York's executive vice president and executive creative director, has resigned after nearly 30 years at the agency and a predecessor agency, Doyle Dane Bernbach, to pursue other interests.
	Mariucci, 54, who has won numerous awards for clients like the New York Lottery and Michelin, resigned a week after John Bernbach, vice chairman of DDB Needham Worldwide, announced his departure and almost a month after the Seagram Co., a client of DDB Needham and Doyle Dane Bernbach since 1962, dismissed the agency by excluding it from a review.
He said Goodby, Silverstein was awarded the account after a two-month review that was narrowed to two other finalists: Ketchum Advertising and Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising, both of San Francisco.
Nonetheless, because ``Head First'' will no longer be in digital format after being downloaded (digital information cannot be transferred over telephone lines), what computer users hear is what Geffen Records calls a ``broadcast quality'' version, similar to what it would sound like on the radio.
``Once I saw it pop up as high as it did and the way (Webster) went after it, I thought I was going to make it,'' Butler said.
DATA TELL OF SUDDEN, FURIOUS STORM AT THE WORST POSSIBLE MOMENT CHARLOTTE, N.C.  (BC-CAROLINA-CRASH-1STLD-WRITETHRU-720&ADD(2TAKES)-NYT) Shortly after the pilots tried to abort their landing amid torrential rains and gusting winds, USAir Flight 1016 was slammed to earth in a way consistent with what a wind shear would cause, a National Transportation Safety Board spokesman said on Tuesday night.
The jet, a DC-9-30, experienced ``a severe sink rate'' just after it veered to the right and tried to circle Charlotte/Douglas International Airport, Hammerschmidt said, and crashed, killing 37 people and injuring 20.
At a briefing on Tuesday night, Hammerschmidt said the captain, 38-year-old John Greenlee, decided to abort the landing after the plane suddenly flew into what he described to investigators as the most rain he had ever seen.
But shortly after he ordered a circle of the airport at maximum power, a ``go round,'' the plane plummeted.
The crash occurred about 20 seconds after the plane, which weighed 82,225 pounds, began to try to circle the airport.
It is normal for a wife to have a black eye and a bloodied lip after an argument with her husband?
It's not going anywhere.'' In one rescue, a man trapped in a van after it was washed off the road was plucked from his vehicle by rescue workers using ropes to clamber through the treetops.
And in Rockdale County, about 15 miles west of Atlanta, a girl was reported drowned after she was swept away by flood waters while walking her dog.
Yesterday after the game, we were hanging out together.
``I'd like to have all the players in Europe,'' said John Harkes, who went to England after the 1990 World Cup and will be there at least two more years.
With more and more players going to Europe and the prospect of some sort of national league existing, opportunities have never been better for American soccer players, who historically have searched for new employment after graduating from college.
AUSSIE FARMHAND THROWS NO-HITTER LOS ANGELES  (BC-BBN-DODGERS-NOTES-LADN) Five days after visiting Dodger Stadium for the first time, Dodgers minor-league pitcher Kym Ashworth showed he was properly inspired.
``The ninth inning was nerve-wracking, but after that it was an awesome feeling.'' Ashworth and his Bakersfield teammates visited Dodger Stadium during an off-day last Wednesday, getting a pep talk from manager Tom Lasorda.
By opening early, the $19.6 million project will be funded completely by the federal government which promised to pick up the tab for all construction work completed within the first six months after the earthquake.
Commute times swelled to more than three hours -- even after Caltrans opened its first detours around the area.
Since then, traffic flow has been diverted to a number of detours, telecommuting has become more popular in the Antelope Valley and Metrolink train ridership has increased -- although most of the riders who tried commuter rail left it soon after the quake.
``It's just frustrating, man,'' said O'Neill, after he looked at a 3-2 pitch he insisted was outside.
He doesn't need that.'' Since the Yankees did not place Don Mattingly on the 15-day disabled list until Tuesday night, they played their eighth straight game with only 24 players and it became an issue after Jim Leyritz left in the seventh with a strained right groin and O'Neill was tossed.
But after 120 minutes (plus the injury time that included about six minutes for a broken goal net), the qualifier for Sunday's quarterfinal here against defending champion Germany would come down to what any American could appreciate: a penalty-kick shootout.
With the game deadlocked 1-1 after regulation and overtime play, and best-of-five penalty kicks the required means of breaking the tie, Mexico missed its first three tries -- the rough equivalent of an 80-percent free throw shooter missing three straight -- as a crowd of 71,030 swathed in the red, white and green of the Mexican flag sat silently and stunned.
The Yankee Stadium crowd of 23,967 probably cannot believe that the A's team they watched strut off the field after winning for the 11th time in 12 games can possibly be the outfit that was 24 games under .500 on June 13.
But he walked Randy Velarde leading off the eighth, and after Kevin Elster sacrificed and Luis Polonia walked, in came Eckersley.
Seal alleges that the agency has tried to cover up its true costs by low-balling bids for specific bus routes and then changing the routes after they are granted service -- assertions that district officials vehemently deny.
There was no final action on legislation to address the issue of how best to identify babies with HIV infection, on planning for low-level radioactive waste disposal after the current site is closed this summer, on civil rights protection for homosexuals or on giving family members the authority to decide about life-sustaining treatment for patients too ill to decide for themselves.
I can remember only one, from New Jersey, in which a man sued after his wife smoked for 40 years and then died of cancer.
The New Jersey court awarded Cipollone's husband, Antonio, $400,000 after a jury found that a tobacco company was partly responsible for her cancer.
Q: I heard that after O.J. Simpson's preliminary hearing there will be another hearing called a Frye hearing.
On the night of July 4, after delegates meeting in Philadelphia voted for independence, John Dunlop, the official printer for the Continental Congress, printed an estimated 200 copies.
Congress hadn't even thought of abandoning the Grand Union Flag yet, and Betsy's grandson didn't tell the tale -- at a meeting of the Pennsylvania Historical Society in 1870 -- until 34 years after allegedly hearing it.
The foreign DNA would disappear after several months.
He started pestering me in 1990, after returning home with one of his little coveted T-shirts.
We didn't fib to my girlfriend's parents, after all.
Small wonder that out-of-wedlock births and female-headed households shot skyward after the government subsidized those conditions.
Similarly, when the government subsidized college education after World War II, an unprecedented number of young men got a college education.
Another change since the innocent 1950s, the stigma of illegitimate teen-age births disappeared some time after the government began rewarding that behavior.
And after what my eyes have seen during the intervening 39 years, I was unable to detect why that movie was considered racy in 1955.
(The complication of the imposing size of the character in the book has been replaced here by the comparable burden of leg braces.) But Forrest (who is played as a child by Michael Humphreys) has been taught by his mama that ``stupid is as stupid does,'' so he is able to deal with their taunts, especially after making friends with a little girl named Jenny.
I've never been goal-oriented, I've never thought, `by this time in five years, I want to be doing this.' ''I bumped into Tony Curtis once, and he said the same thing happened to him, that in his 20s, he just put his head down and plowed through job after job, and somehow emerged on the other side.
``It's not long after they realize that good equipment is an aid'' to making tasty food, Rosbottom said.
He remembers the days of pasta, soup and Kool-aid when he first started life after college.
Shiatsu is a form of acupressure treatment and after a thoroughly unscientific sampling of massagers -- shiatsu and otherwise -- we can say with confidence that a shiatsu massage feels like an ancient Oriental sage is kneading your lower back with wise, gentle and determined fingers -- or rolling a pool ball around and around on your bones.
No, this turgid thriller pummels you with cliche after action-movie cliche.
Jimmy Dove (Jeff Bridges) is with the city's bomb squad, and in a tense sequence he disarms a device rigged to blow up if a young woman stops typing on a computer keyboard; her deranged boyfriend lies in a pool of blood nearby, having killed himself after setting his fiendish scheme in motion.
Having given one knockout performance after another over the years in underappreciated films, he finally gets a chance to make an impression in a mainstream movie and blows it.
In the 1980s, after a misguided fling with glitter, Mellencamp became a rocker more concerned with minutiae than myth.
``Another Sunny Day 12/25'' is an acoustic gem that inverts the logic of ``Brothers.'' Sung with an appealing rasp, Mellencamp, after registering a number of the world's problems, offers cautious solutions.
Last year, after the Bulger murder, Prime Minister John Major called on parents to keep a closer eye on their children's viewing.
The board came close to denying even an 18 certificate to ``Robocop 2,'' given its ``moments of sadistic cruelty to real, suffering people,'' and awarded it only after several cuts were made.
It was after talking to a 12-year-old Welsh child with a morbid fascination with ``The Silence of the Lambs'' that Anthony Hopkins decided against portraying Hannibal Lecter in a sequel.
Russell hardly looked like the kind of man who would name his debut feature film after a term for a common solitary sexual activity.
But in ``Murmur of the Heart,'' the taboo is broken only at the very end of the film, leaving the psychic consequences to explode more or less after the audience has left the theater.
In Russell's dark comedy, by contrast, the line is crossed relatively early, as Raymond (played by Jeremy Davies) comes home after his freshman year at college to find his mother (Alberta Watson) laid up with a broken leg.
All the same, he added, he does believe in sin as ``a kind of violence against grace, against balance.'' Russell explained that he extrapolated the story of ``Spanking the Monkey'' from a long-ago summer he spent at his family home after both he and his younger sister had left for college.
Doing something, after all, shows that you know there's a problem and that you care about it.
	Members of Delta Airlines' frequent flyer program can now earn 1,000 miles by renting a car from Hertz within a 24-hour period before or after a flight on Delta, Delta Connection or other airlines affiliated with the Delta program.
That, more or less, was the line Pauline Kael took after my husband, Andrew Sarris, had published what was probably the first extended American appreciation of Hawks, in 1961.
Where most directors were keeping female characters virginal and pure in deference to the Production Code, Hawks' women were openly sensual and direct; they saw what they wanted and went after it.
In ``Only Angels Have Wings,'' Jean Arthur, after having made her decision to stay at the remote South American outpost, unencouraged by the head pilot (Cary Grant), tells his sidekick (Thomas Mitchell): ``The girl that got off the boat is a perfect stranger to me.'' In the same film, Hawks cuts against the sentimentality of male camaraderie.
The river, after all, is not only the heart of the ancient capital and, in a way, its main road, it is the very reason that the city exists; London was founded by the Romans as a river port in A.D. 43.
Eckbert and Berthe are a reclusive old married couple whose dreamy domesticity blackens into a nightmare of festering guilt after an outsider's casual comment leads them to the shocking discovery that they are actually brother and sister.
Summer is a good time to give these series a try, since most network programming is one repeat after another.
And a section of ``Sax House,'' choreographed for her all-woman company and four female saxophone players, took shape after she saw a portrait of a boogeying Elvis Costello in a catalogue of Robert Longo's paintings.
She persevered and built a successful European career with her band Djurdjura (named after an Algerian mountain range) by mixing melodic ideas from her Berber roots with playful French chanson and elegant, defiant feminist lyrics.
These researchers and buyers, who will decide how much advertisers should pay to run commercials during the show, agree that ``Madman'' has an enviable time slot, immediately after ``Seinfeld.'' But there's a problem.
In evaluating a show, the group also considers what will run before and after it and what will oppose it on other channels.
He was removed from his post as national spokesman for the organization by its leader, Minister Louis Farrakhan, after his much publicized verbal attack last November on Jews, gays and the pope.
He is remembered for a handful of phantasmagorical images, like ``Cactus Man,'' ``The Smiling Spider,'' ``Yeux Clos'' and ``A Edgar Poe,'' with its giant floating eyeball, like a hot-air balloon, and for the still lifes he did after finally turning to pastels in the 1890s.
Only after he decided to apprentice with Rodolphe Bresdin, the brilliant and eccentric graphic artist whose progressive politics and Romantic sensibility represented the antithesis of Gerome, did he begin to find his way.
For the last several years, Sybil and Thurman Head, my father's first cousin, have hosted the reunions at the Pigfoot Ranch, named appropriately after Pigfoot Spring, which in turn was named by Texas Rangers who found pigs' feet scattered at the water's edge, no doubt left over from an Indian camp.
The Rangers stumbled upon the spring sometime after the Civil War and before the arrival of settlers from the east -- among them Thurman's maternal grandfather, James Thurman Owens, who bought the land for 50 cents an acre and was told upon arriving from Waco that he'd been had.
More than 100 years after James Thurman Owens knelt at the oak to pray, his great-great-grandson Carl Thurman Head suggested that it was time for the family to find a new prayer tree.
Even after you study the language enough to wade through a news article or understand the gist of a TV report, it's still hard to get the jokes.
They claim that eventually after study and practice the other language moves in.
They returned home Sunday after learning of the abduction.
Tran was born in 1962, the year after ``The Scent of Green Papaya'' ends; his family left Vietnam in the early 1970s and so his memories must at best be sketchy.
Friends of Violante and Costas called the Sheriff's Office to report a body in a field after the pair bragged about the shooting, a subsequent drive-by shooting and the burning of Lara's car.
13, 1993, after her daughter failed to pick her up at work as scheduled.
Then I saw the blood on his head and I laid him down.'' She said the boy's last words were, ``It hurts, Mommy.'' Not long after the shooting, the two 14-year-olds -- Michael Rubio Jr. and Larry Arevalo -- were arrested and held by juvenile authorities.
During pauses while repairing the sashes or after they are restored, replace the cords and refinish the frame.
But anyone who's ever tried to fly to Honolulu with fresh oysters for a dinner party (don't laugh, a former Seattleite actually did this and entertained a dozen friends soon after landing) will be happy to note there are some very packable Northwest delicacies that can be tucked in a suitcase, backpack or shopping bag.
And Madriani is a single parent now, his wife having died from cancer but not before extracting a deathbed pledge that he will always look after her younger sister.
When the men disappeared after being paid for bogus plumbing work, the couple joined a growing list of victims of an often hidden breed of crime: scams targeting the elderly.
The company gained notoriety after evicting 55-year-old Eva Davis from her Potrero Hill home in February after she failed to make loan payments that were more than twice her monthly income.
But he made it clear that Amman was now ``looking after our own responsibilities towards our people and towards our country in this equation.'' 	Israel and Jordan had agreed in June to conduct peace negotiations in their countries for the first time in July, since the start of the peace process in 1991.
	BOMBAY (NYT) -- More than 15 months after a series of bomb blasts in Bombay, India's vibrant commercial capital, killed at least 300 people, prosecutors are pressing ahead with cases against scores of accused including a top movie actor, accusing them of planning to spread terrorism and of involvement with the city's criminal underworld.
	Clinton made his remarks during after dinner toasts at a banquet hosted in his honor by Polish President Lech Walesa.
	Clinton held talks with Walesa Wednesday evening, after spending the day in Riga, Latvia.
You could see the machinery of his muscles right through his skin and he was muscled all the way to his scalp.'' The sense of strain induced by Kesey's big buildup may also explain why Parson Montanic, the Indian preacher Spain meets after the train arrives in Pendleton, has undergone such an unusual conversion from drunkenness to Christianity.
For instance, Gotch, the gigantic wrestler, after cruelly disjointing several lesser rivals, finally meets his match in Preacher Montanic, who defeats the bully by securing him with a jaw lock on his posterior.
After losing the woman he fell in love with at the roundup, Johnny Spain reverts to the 90-year-old man who is reminiscing about his youthful adventures, and confesses that his life went downhill after that first Pendleton roundup.
Even after a roping accident that cost him one hand, ``when I had to take what ranch work I could get, I never thought of myself as a cowboy.'' He concludes: ``I thought of myself, always, as a rodeo star, down on his luck a little, but on the mend, on the road back to the top.
This, however, was the first time after four straight rate increases that the Federal Open Market Committee took no action.
	Berrigan and three companions were convicted of willfully damaging federal property after they used household hammers to batter the antennae, landing gear and fuselage of an F-15E jet, which they billed as a symbolic beating of swords into plowshares.
About this time, after the early crops have been harvested and summer moves in, parents remember that the garden is home to a number of dangers.
House Ways and Means: Insurance and market reforms; doctor and hospital fee schedules can be imposed after 2001 in high-cost states; special commission can ask Congress to enact new cost-saving steps.
The triplets were born on a farm to Elza and Eliza Cardwell, who had no idea they had three on the way and struggled for months after the births -- unsuccessfully -- to agree on names for their daughters.
``I believe that NATO will be expanded,'' Clinton told a joint news conference with Polish President Lech Walesa Wednesday after flying to Warsaw from a historic seven-hour stopover in the Baltic nation of Latvia.
It's those dreams of the future that get disturbed.'' Ann Patchett, a writer who divorced at age 25 after a yearlong marriage, said: ``People think these are disposable marriages, that you just waltz out.
But, he conceded, ``if people have a bad marriage, they have the right to the civil protection of a divorce.'' He added, ``We certainly don't believe in divorce at whim, but if two people mutually want a divorce, they probably have plenty of reason for divorce.'' All marriages go through stages of evaluation, typically in the first year or two after marriage and again after seven years or so, said Dr. Anna Beth Benningfield, president of the American Association for Marriage and Family Therapy, a professional organization of therapists.
The Baltic peoples share a deep resentment of the Russians after nearly five decades of being forcibly annexed to the old Soviet Union.
``A fresh impulse was given to peace by Israelis and Palestinians,'' Arafat said after his meeting with Rabin, their first face-to-face encounter since Israeli troops withdrew from the West Bank town of Jericho and much of the Gaza Strip in May.
In an apparent reference to the mass celebrations last weekend in Gaza and Jericho welcoming Arafat back after 27 years in exile, Rabin said: ``Now that the flags have been folded, the trumpets silenced, the stages dismantled -- now the more difficult and dangerous part has come.
ANALYSTS PICK AND CHOOSE AMONG THE RIVERBOAT CASINO STOCKS  (BC-CASINO-MARKETPLACE-NYT) The rough ride for riverboat casino stocks appears to be calming after they were buffeted for most of the year by concerns about delays in the expansion of gambling in states like Missouri and Texas and rumblings from Washington about an excise tax on gaming revenues.
President Guntis Ulmanis vetoed the law in June, after international objections, saying that with the measure ``Latvia is isolating itself.'' ``To rejoin the family of independent states is a difficult and complicated responsibility,'' Ulmanis said in introducing Clinton to the crowd.
``Lacking in experience, we may not use all the available opportunities, and occasionally we make mistakes.'' Clinton's remarks on ethnic Russians came near the end of a sun-splashed speech on a bridge beside the Art Deco monument to Latvian independence after World War I.
Air Force One landed in Riga after an 8 1/2 hour overnight flight from Washington.
The Senate has yet to approve of the survey's existence, though the House went along with the idea last year after a grueling two-day debate.
You run the risk of hearing, as you pull up in front of the hotel after 10 hours on the road: (begin itals)Go around the block again, Daddy -- we wanna hear the end of the story.
``Those politicians don't realize how vital a stock market is for a real economy.'' Kopits, whose title is general director of Latvia's universal market, described his country's leaders as former ``Soviet functionaries.'' And in what sounded a little like a 100-year curse from a Latvian fairy tale, he gleefully predicted that the free market would not flourish in Latvia until after their death.
And he can buy the draperies and blinds at cost after the show house closes on Aug.
And Berrigan said in court Wednesday that ``we wanted to make a clear statement against killing and to clog the gears of the killing machine, even if only for a moment.'' An Air Force official said the plane, after $27,000 worth of repairs, was flying again in three days.
So after suffering some Fourth of July Weekend withdrawal, I located my little Sony.
Motorists on stretches of highway around Midland in recent months may have noticed mile after mile of rusted steel transmission poles, standing where the wooden poles would normally stand.
McKeever's selection to run the subsidiary, MG Corp., comes after a revamping at MG, which ran up huge losses last year speculating in oil futures on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
Cyprus Amax had put the unit up for sale shortly after the merger.
But he went on to make it clear that Jordan was now ``looking after our own responsibilities toward our people and toward our country in this equation.'' ``We are on the verge of conducting serious negotiations on the ground between the two concerned parties sometime this month and we hope we will cover all the subjects on the agenda ratified in Washington,'' Hussein said.
MACTAVISH SIGNS WITH PHILADELPHIA FLYERS  (BC-HKN-RANGERS-MACTAVISH-NYT) Three weeks after they won the Stanley Cup, the New York Rangers have lost one of the players who helped them earn hockey's top prize.
Craig MacTavish, a 35-year-old center acquired March 21 from the Edmonton Oilers, became an unrestricted free agent after the playoffs, and Wednesday he signed a two-year contract with the Philadelphia Flyers.
Van Nuys reader Barbara Ames called to note that no matter what the local TV brass say, she and two dozen of her friends are sick and tired of having the Simpson hearing ``crammed down our throats'' day after day and want their soaps back -- pronto.
-- CNN and ``Nightline'' do their respected reputations no good by sticking so doggedly with Simpson hearing coverage and feedback day after day.
Shuyler quit in June after holding the post six months.
He left in 1981 after having advanced to vice president of technical services.
EUROPE'S DEMAND FOR SOYBEANS PUSHES UP FUTURES PRICES KANSAS CITY, Mo.  (BC-MIDWEST-COMMODITIES-KAN) Soybean futures prices rose Wednesday after a recent slide triggered strong European demand.
``Evidently, some Dutch and German end users figure that after the drop in prices and the weakness in the dollar, this is one of the best deals they've had, so they came in and snapped up quite a bit,'' said Joel Karlin, an analyst with Kemper Securities Inc.
In the Kansas City Value Line, stock-index futures fell slightly after monetary policy makers ended a two-day meeting without announcing any change in short-term interest rates.
	Solzhenitsyn returned to his homeland on May 27 after 20 years of exile.
There were no reports of violence, and after the two-hour protest, the demonstrators disbanded peacefully.
Even after the fall of communism in the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe, communism continues to distort American attitudes on foreign policy.
Eastern Europeans already have the impression that the West, after pontificating for years about the importance of Eastern Europe, really cares only about business opportunities there that promise quick profit.
``Put simply,'' Ms. White said, ``if the Kunstler firm is not disqualified, the potential for a serious conflict of interest will continue to haunt this case long after the jury has returned its verdicts.'' 
The organization, with a worldwide membership of one million, has issued annual reports since 1962, a year after it was founded, and claims to have successfully campaigned for the release of some 40,000 prisoners of conscience over the last 32 years.
Donnelly reached four-star rank in 1984, a few months after he took over as commander in chief of U.S. Air Forces in Europe, and commander of Allied Forces Central Europe.
``The major thing that we'll probably be facing is dehydration after they've spent several hours in a small boat with a lot of people,'' said Blaylock, 37.
Former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, who presented the award, praised the leaders for what he called ``a leap of faith.'' The Felix Houphouet-Boigny Peace Award, which was named after the late president of the Ivory Coast, includes a prize of $150,000.
The Clinton administration, after initially calling for tough action against the Serbs, has embraced a compromise as the only way to end the 27-month-old war, and as a means to insure that the Serbs give up a substantial part of the land they have taken by force.
It is true that the Serbs, who hold about 70 percent of Bosnian territory after 27 months of fighting, are being asked to give up nearly a third of that territory, and Redman has clearly tried to satisfy many of the demands of the Muslim-dominated Bosnian government.
Long after Vance and Lord Owen, Clinton has decided that if the United States does not have the will to roll back Serbian aggression and the eviction of Muslims known as ``ethnic cleansing,'' it has to endorse, and live with, some of the bitter fruits of barbarism.
``God was a Bulgarian today,'' Stoichkov said after the triumph.
	Grey and Altschiller were awarded the accounts after a five-month review that narrowed to four other finalists: Earle Palmer Brown of New York, Mullen Advertising of Wenham, Mass., Northlich Stolley LaWarre of Cincinnati and Tarlow Advertising of New York.
Thompson was awarded the account of the men's shoe maker and marketer after a two-month review that was narrowed to two other finalists: Campbell Mithun Esty and McConnaughy Stein Schmidt Brown, both of Chicago.
``We didn't get a proposal,'' Richard Ravitch, the clubs' chief labor executive, said Wednesday after the two sides held a two-hour bargaining session.
There's nothing I can do about it.'' Donald Fehr, head of the Players Association, said the union planned to present its proposals at a meeting next Thursday, after the union executive board meets in Pittsburgh next Monday, the day before the All-Star Game.
The owners presented their salary cap proposal June 14, five months after they agreed to their own revenue-sharing plan, which is contingent on the players' acceptance of a salary cap.
BALKAN WAR-CRIMES PROSECUTION BOGS DOWN WASHINGTON  (BC-YUGOSLAVIA-WARCRIMES-NYT) More than a year after the United Nations created a tribunal to punish war crimes in Croatia and Bosnia, no cases have been brought and Russia, Serbia's historic ally, is blocking efforts to name a chief prosecutor, American officials say.
GIRL FOUND ABANDONED IN NEW YORK SUBWAY CAR IS IDENTIFIED NEW YORK  (BC-NY-SUBWAY-GIRL-NYT) A 2-year-old girl from Newark, N.J., found abandoned on Tuesday in a subway car in the Bronx was identified early Wednesday after her great-grandmother recognized her photograph on a television newscast, the authorities said.
Because Shyrissa carried no identification when she was found, the police initially had no idea who she was until after the great-grandmother called the police.
``What has been happening is that the spread between stock and bond yields has widened significantly within the last few months to the point where stocks have become very unattractive compared to bonds.'' Texaco was up 1|, to 62{, after the stock was raised to a ``buy'' rating, from ``accumulate,'' by Dean Witter.
Ten weeks after Burrell set that record, Lewis lowered it to 9.86 in Tokyo.
Minutes after his latest record race, Burrell said, ``Carl is probably just as happy as can be because we're good friends and we can work together.'' 
The amended policy comes less than two months after the administration ditched the despicable practice it inherited from the Bush administration of escorting would-be refugees back to Haiti with no chance to explain the dangers that spurred their flight.
It is only very recently, after the congressional black caucus and Randall Robinson took up their cause, that Washington's policies have begun to bend.
And now it adds the confusion of a lurch toward military adventure without enough thought about what might come after the victory parades.
``The vast, vast majority of the charges in this indictment basically are based on congressional rules as to whether Congressman Rostenkowski properly spent money for congressional purposes,'' Webb told reporters after the hearing.
But a few weeks later, after living in a country just as poor as Haiti, many of the migrants demanded to be sent back.
Fishermen like Tom Masolini, 37, who came here from Northern California in 1976, were clearing $150,000 a year and more after paying their crews and other expenses.
The unsolicited offer, which did not elicit any immediate response from the Air Force, is intended to encourage the Defense Department to reconsider its decision to end F-16 production after this year.
Lockheed officials said the deal, if accepted, would help stabilize employment at the Fort Worth plant after 2000.
According to school regulations, principals are to report about ``school-related'' incidents, including ``all violent or dangerous behavior, breaches of discipline, disturbances and any activity which involves an interruption of the educational process.'' Principals are supposed to report to board headquarters immediately after an incident, but because filling out the forms requires the collection of extensive information, the documents are often filed days later.
The board also has a second, parallel reporting system: immediately after an incident, the safety officers assigned to each school are required to send faxes or to telephone details to the school safety division, where the information is logged as an ``operation report.'' On June 9, when the school safety division issued its first set of the school violence statistics for the second half of 1993, 479 of the city's 1,100 schools reported no incidents.
Growing skeptical about the veracity of those figures after journalists brought them to his attention, Cortines ordered Zachary Tumin, the board's chief executive for school safety, to investigate.
``But I think the accuracy stops with the surface similarities.'' Maybe after 21 years of performing in public and nine albums of jazzy piano and big-band sounds, including his breakthrough covers on the sound track of the 1989 hit movie ``When Harry Met Sally ...,'' Connick is just tired of telling people that there is more to him than an impersonation of a great singer.
Not long after the camp was opened last November, the Hensons, who consider themselves married, began reporting harassment including mysterious gunshots, threatening phone calls and petty acts of intimidation in which a dead skunk, a dead snake and nails were left at various times in their driveway.
An initial public offering of 19 percent of Femsa Cerveza's shares is planned soon after Labatt closes its deal with Femsa, expected before Sept.
The Toronto-Dominion Bank said recently that it would reopen an office in Mexico City after moving out nine years ago, when it sold a battered portfolio of Mexican and other Third World debt.
Methods used to achieve that goal are eliminating the practice of wasting costly hardware, such as the $80 million giant external fuel tank discarded after each shuttle mission, making a simpler spacecraft and increasing fuel efficiency.
Rockets now require three or four stages to reach orbit, all of which fall off the craft and are lost after liftoff.
``With 5 percent growth or less, we could fund that.'' Production on a shuttle replacement would have to wait until after 2000, when the space station is near completion, Brown said.
Defending champion Germany now figures to be the most likely European team to take the title, expecially after regaining top form in a 3-2 second-round win over Belgium.
Wood and Watts also had spent time recording and touring away from the Stones after ``Steel Wheels.'' Richards says his mission, once back with the Stones, was made all the easier by the sense of perspective his other work provided.
One military expert described the exercises as a ``final rehearsal'' and said the proficiency demonstrated would remain high for three to six weeks; after that, more training would probably be required.
Clinton's decision on May 8 to end the practice of forcibly returning Haitians intercepted at sea came after he told aides that he could no longer continue a policy that was ``making Haitians choose between being drowned at seas or having their faces cut off on land.'' But the administration estimated that only hundreds of Haitians a day would try to seek refuge in the United States; when thousands a day began to leave, Clinton found a way to deny them the opportunity to settle in the United States eventually by finding refuge for them in other, less attractive countries.
Aides say that he is keenly aware that the optimal time to invade is after Congress recesses in the first part of August and before Labor Day, because lawmakers do not want their campaigns complicated by an invasion.
DELTA MIGHT MOVE FROM LA OFFICES LOS ANGELES  (BC-DELTA-CUT-LADN) Delta Air Lines says it is considering moving out of its facilities at Los Angeles International Airport, after rejecting a lease proposal from the city Department of Airports that included higher rent.
Dinkins after a city police officer, Michael Dowd, was arrested in Suffolk County on Long Island on charges of drug dealing in 1992, touching off a wider inquiry.
Until February, the committee's moves had to be deduced from watching the financial markets -- usually the day after it met -- since the committee did not announce its immediate intentions.
But most analysts continued to regard further rate increases as likely, probably before Labor Day and possibly as soon as mid-July, after the Fed has digested labor market and retail sales figures for June.
is taking its line of voice-controlled notebooks and videocassette recorder programmers to retail sales floors after selling mostly direct to customers for two years, the company said.
The lawyers said the batch of evidence subsequently obtained by detectives after the unauthorized entrance should be excluded from the case and from the preliminary hearing that will determine whether, in fact, there is enough evidence to send Simpson to trial on charges of killing his ex-wife and her friend.
Well, we know they didn't have a search warrant.'' Furhman and Vannatter testified that after looking over the blood-smeared murder scene at Mrs.
Furhman told the court that not long after gaining entrance to the estate grounds, he found a bloody glove.
Funches pulled off Interstate 20 after noticing a problem with the rear shock absorbers, authorities said.
The National Guard is mobilizing emergency water trucks to serve Clayton County, immediately south of here, after the county's two water plants were flooded.
In Henry County, southeast of Atlanta, Henry General Hospital cancelled elective surgery after the county's water service failed.
The move comes a week after General Motors raised 1995 prices.
	The Economy 	The Federal Reserve announced no action after a two-day meeting of its policy-making committee.
	Crude oil prices declined after an oil company resumed production in Yemen.
``He kept him with him as his private counsel until the time of his death.'' Parsons followed Rockefeller to Washington after he became vice president in 1974, and later moved on to the White House staff under President Ford.
The new bank chose the Dime name after conducting a survey that showed it was better known in the market than Anchor.
The Toyota Motor Corp., after an anemic May, saw its sales of cars and light trucks rise 23 percent in June, to 111,566, the company's best month since August 1990.
He told me he knew what he was doing, and he would dispose of the body where no one would find it,'' said Pinell, hugging a white comforter as she sat in a bed in her uncle's Miami apartment on Wednesday, the day after she escaped.
head off.'' On Tuesday, after more than 48 hours, she managed to get her hands on a screwdriver, stab her abductor, jump from the van and escape on a Florida turnpike.
An aunt picked Pinell up there after she was treated for bruises and scrapes and took her to the Miami apartment, where her parents, siblings and boyfriend met her Wednesday.
He was inconsistent in the beginning, but after awhile, ``I could make 'em as good as anyone.
Only after a press release was issued about the planned departure did the mayor's office pay attention, Dupuis added, though he doesn't think the last-minute intervention will make much difference.
Only after a press release was issued about the planned departure did the mayor's office pay attention, Dupuis added, though he doesn't think the last-minute intervention will make much difference.
In the 1970s, the department turned over enforcement of small-scale crimes to specialized units after it found that precinct-level officers were often tempted to accept bribes from low-level drug dealers or prostitutes.
Only after a press release was issued about the planned departure did the mayor's office pay attention, Dupuis added, though he doesn't think the last-minute intervention will make much difference.
This week's races are particularly important; there are only two races after Mammoth before the finals.
Tomac may not have a body to gauge after the race if he lives up to his daredevil reputation.
Soda Springs, a quarter-mile upstream, brought Osterman to a granite bank and, after one short upstream move, the task was completed.
A governor's mansion that was begun in 1974, when Ronald Reagan was governor, was sold after Jerry Brown became governor.
Vigo Nielsen, a prominent lawyer for Republican causes, Bob White, Wilson's chief of staff, and Bill Hauck, a close political adviser and former aide, quit the board in 1993, about one month after it decided to lease the condominium.
They left, Nielsen said in an interview, because he felt that ``for a California nonprofit it is better to have more outside directors than inside directors.'' Nielsen said Wilson's foundation was patterned after the one created by Deukmejian.
In January, the Fair Political Practices Commission cleared the Republican governor of any wrong-doing after an investigation of $114,000 collected from special interests to pay for a 17-day trade mission to Asia late last year.
But because tens of thousands of samples would be needed to establish that frozen human sperm can prove fertile after five or ten or even 15 years, only the military can provide the numbers for the research, Djerassi and Leibo argue.
In his own work with cattle semen, Leibo says, frozen sperm cells have produced calves successfully by artificial insemination after 37 years in storage.
Tens of thousands of women have become pregnant around the world -- 17,000 of them in France alone -- after artificial insemination with thawed frozen sperm, according to Djerassi and Leibo, and the success rate of normal births is high.
The agency, the State Commission on Quality of Care for the Mentally Disabled, said in the report that the operators of the home, Community Living Alternative, abruptly closed the shelter in November 1992, a few days after the commission obtained a court subpoena to inspect its records.
The report found that shortly after the closing of Community Living Alternative, the home's executive director moved from Coram, N.Y., to Davidson, N.C., near Winston-Salem.
Jr., a lawyer, died in 1982 after 57 years of marriage.
Antun, who remained active in his business until recently, had a heart attack after a brief illness, his family said.
The certificates, like carry permits, would be issued only after a person passed a state and federal background check.
Opponents have argued all along that the measure, modeled after similar laws in Massachusetts and New York, needlessly regulates law-abiding gun owners.
DARRYL STRAWBERRY CALLED UP BY GIANTS  (BC-BBN-STRAWBERRY-SFCHRON) Strawberry will make his Giants debut Thursday, after his three-game minor-league rehabilitation assignment ended.
``As he left for the airport Saturday, he shook my hand and told me, `I'll see you sooner rather than later.' And that's exactly what happened.'' Strawberry homered in each of his first two games with the Class AAA Phoenix Firebirds, and after Tuesday night's game he indicated he was ready to return to the major-league level for the first time since leaving the Dodgers on the final day of spring training.
``I'm so accustomed to being up there and playing there.'' The Giants signed Strawberry on June 19, after he had completed a four-week stay at the Betty Ford Center for a substance-abuse problem.
The Clinton administration, after initially calling for tough action against the Serbs, has embraced a compromise as the only way to end the 27-month-old war, and as a means to insure that the Serbs give up a substantial part of the land they have taken by force.
It is true that the Serbs, who hold about 70 percent of Bosnian territory after 27 months of fighting, are being asked to give up nearly a third of that territory, and Redman has clearly tried to satisfy many of the demands of the Muslim-dominated Bosnian government.
He had been missing after he walked away from a drug-rehabilitation center in California.
...'' Sceeles threw his car keys into a nearby park after declaring he didn't care if he died.
I am at a loss for words,'' Awbrey said after learning that the man charged with the robbery was a retired LAPD detective.
The agency announced its proposal only after months of public meetings and discussions failed to find a consensus among interest groups.
Though eagle populations are growing in Washington and the nation -- the proposal comes only days after the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service reduced its estimate of eagles' extinction risk from endangered to threatened in most of the contiguous 48 states -- the law requires federal officials to prevent harassment of threatened animals.
De La Hoya hasn't argued with the reasoning, especially after that Giorgio guy dropped him just seconds into his last fight, on May 28.
 (BC-RAC-HOLLYPARK-LADN) Robbers made a big score at Hollywood Park, fleeing after stealing more than $300,000 from Wells Fargo armored-truck guards who were servicing the track's automated-teller machines early Tuesday morning, the Inglewood Police Department said.
Detectives Mark Fuhrman and Philip Vannatter, said Wednesday that their discovery of blood on Simpson's Ford Bronco sealed their decision to enter his estate in the hours after the June 12 knife slayings of Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ronald L.
Los Angeles Municipal Court Judge Kathleen Kennedy-Powell said she would rule today on the defense motion to suppress the evidence, after both sides concluded their arguments on the motion Wednesday.
Several days after the murders but before Simpson was charged, police sources told the Los Angeles Daily News that a military-style entrenching tool resembling a sharp-edged shovel was believed to have been used in the killings.
Shapiro second-guessed virtually every move made by detectives in the hours after the slayings.
Under Clark's questioning, Vannatter described the condition of the bodies of Nicole Simpson and Goldman, and the actions police took after the grisly discovery at 12:10 a.m. June 13.
Detectives arrived at Simpson's estate before dawn, about six hours after the bodies were discovered.
The National Guard is mobilizing emergency water trucks to serve Clayton County, immediately south of here, after the county's two water plants were flooded.
In Henry County, southeast of Atlanta, Henry General Hospital canceled all elective surgery after the county's water service failed.
They have lost six of their last seven games after being the three-game sweep by the A's and the Baltimore Orioles have crept to within one-half game of first place, the slimmest lead the Yankees have sported since May 19.
We got to go out tomorrow and try to win.'' The Yankees will play California on Thursday without Stanley, who was removed in the fifth with a mild concussion after Rickey Henderson crashed into him at home plate.
``We go out together after the games,'' Steve said.
Steve played in the East Coast Hockey League last winter after being cut from the Mighty Ducks' minor-league affiliate in San Diego and hopes to hook on to an NHL team next season.
And after the second session broke up early on Thursday, Arafat and the Israeli foreign minister, Shimon Peres, both bleary-eyed and exhausted, said at a joint news conference that they had agreed on how to go about the next phase of negotiations, to extend Palestinian autonomy to the rest of the West Bank.
But they refused to give details, saying conclusions would be announced later on Thursday after three Israelis and three Palestinians work through the night to draft an agreement.
PRISONER FREED, ACCUSES ATTORNEY OF SLUR LOS ANGELES  (BC-PRISONER-SLUR-LADN) A man convicted of bank robbery has been released from federal prison after contending his attorney did not provide adequate representation and referred to him with a racial slur.
Officials with the Indigent Defense Panel, the federal court-appointed group of defense attorneys who represent criminal defendants who can't afford an attorney, temporarily suspended Steinberg from the panel last year after determining that he used a racial slur to refer to another defendant he was representing.
2, a day after receiving a bi-monthly paycheck.
But it doesn't look good.'' Pitcher Jim Gott said players are hoping a strike can be avoided, but are unified and determined to walk out if that is the only way to prevent the owners from unilaterally imposing a salary cap and eliminating salary arbitration after the season ends.
``I'm overwhelmed,'' Cantor said last week, his voice just a bit hoarse after 33 games.
Strawberry wasn't expected to join the club until after the All-Star break but he convinced Giants management that he was ready.
``I knocked myself in a deep, dark hole and now I've dug myself out ...'' Strawberry said Wednesday after the Firebirds' 5-3 loss to the Vancouver Canadians where he went 0-for-3.
Mike Muraco, the Firebirds' director of media relations, said Strawberry would stay after games ``for hours'' signing autographs for fans.
``If he says he's ready, it's hard to keep him on the bench,'' Baker said a day after stating that Strawberry probably wouldn't join the team until next Thursday in Montreal.
He got reinstated Scott Brosius at third base after a two-day layoff, and Brosius responded with a two-run homer.
``All I could think was that whoever she was talking about was still out there somewhere, and he might be coming after her.'' Something terrible had already happened to the her, police say.
No wonder they are happy that Strawberry has declared himself ready for major league baseball after only three days of work with the franchise's Class AAA franchise in Phoenix.
Win or lose, we're 25 guys, not 19 and six.'' The relievers, after listening to Kennedy, agreed.
Rookie Darren Oliver picked up his second victory in four days Monday night, pitching out of a bases-loaded, none-out jam after walking in the tying run in the ninth.
Tom Henke had earned saves in four of his past five appearances and hadn't allowed a run over his past eight outings after spending a month on the disabled list with bulging disks in his lower back.
They didn't need the T-shirts, after all.
``He knows what to do, and he goes about it the right way.'' Taken as a project, Lofton was drafted after his junior season in college in the 17th round by the Houston Astros.
And after batting practice, he's in a zone.'' It was a work ethic Houston might have underestimated in 1991 when, in need of catching help, they traded him to Cleveland in a multiplayer deal that had Lofton and catcher Eddie Taubensee as the main components.
Strawberry will make his Giants debut Thursday, after just three games in the minor leagues.
And reliever Mike Jackson left the game after pitching to three batters in the eighth inning.
Fishermen like Tom Masolini, 37, who came here from Northern California in 1976, were clearing $150,000 a year and more after paying their crews and other expenses.
The other evening, a couple of hours after dinner, I was lingering in a half-darkened kitchen, my head bend over the pot, sampling a few spoonfuls.
Seven-year-old Otto couldn't wait, said his mother, Eileen, of Fort Recovery -- because after the surgery Otto would have two ears, just like everybody else.
CDC officials also are concerned about the apparent reversal of the 40-year decline in whooping cough, named after the distinctive ``whoop'' produced by the coughing it causes.
``Pertussis vaccine is not 100 percent effective,'' Strebel said, ``and protection from vaccination starts to wane five to 10 years after the last dose, which is now routinely given at age 4 to 6.'' Strebel said the limited effectiveness, combined with the relatively high U.S. vaccination rate, means that a significant percentage of children who get whooping cough have been vaccinated.
``We just want to reduce our patients' anxieties and increase their comfort.'' For patients who are needle-phobic, allergic to injected painkillers, or just don't like the after effects, electronic anesthesia is a godsend.
Just think, after he dies, a thousand or so people will be walking around with creations by Rocky.
 (BC-JAZZ-COX) It's not by coincidence that all the truly great jazz figures are signature artists, which means that after hearing just a phrase ...
No matter who or what I think about, Louis is behind it somewhere.'' A Boston native, Ruby moved back to Massachusetts a couple of years ago after 30 years as a New Yorker.
Arbuckle was acquitted after two inconclusive trials, but he was a discard by then.
Clinton and Major favor a ``Big Europe.'' They both see the time when the East Europeans and Turkey will join -- after Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden.
That means, 50 years after the end of World War II, Berlin and Tokyo might get permanent seats -- and a veto -- on the U.N. Security Council.
``There was pressure on us to reach the second round, especially after what happened in 1990.
With the release of 911 tapes made last October in which Nicole Simpson summoned police after O.J. Simpson kicked in a door at her home, and with Time magazine's touch-up of Simpson's police mug shot to make him appear darker and more sinister, they say race already has been played like a card in a bid whist game.
Despite the fact Williams has thought ``I hope he's not black'' after hearing of a major crime, he said ``it's a misinterpretation and misdirection'' to believe Simpson represents the entire race.
Drink six to eight glasses every day -- and a lot more than that before, during and after any exertion in the heat.
Drink even before you get thirsty, and then drink a little more after you've quenched your thirst, they advise.
On the theory that water is cheaper than electricity, one of my colleagues hoses down the roof of his house each evening just after sunset to cool it off for the night.
Considering what happened to kids like him almost everywhere else in Europe, Sweden probably wasn't so bad after all.
Judge De Francesco (Carlo Checchi), recently divorced and apparently with something to prove to his bosses back in Rome, relentlessly pursues evidence of corruption, even after it links practically every local official to organized crime.
Thorward said that date was too close to Labor Day, after which all video rentals tend to fall off sharply.
Unfortunately for dealers, the tape is also coming out not too long after the film's theatrical release, which was in March.
Since the subjects are twentysomething stragglers trying to get hold of life after college, commercialization of the video is not a problem.
As someone notes in another segment, ``For an adolescent to die of ignorance is a tragedy.'' James Raitt, the conductor who died this year not long after being taped for the program, is seen energetically rehearsing the orchestra for Broadway's ``Damn Yankees,'' fiercely determined to ``never think about my illness.'' As Ann Magnuson, remembering many of her friends, says, AIDS ``is draining the color out of life.'' There is, unfortunately, nothing much new to be said about the epidemic.
A recent report said there were now, after hundreds of thousands of deaths, four million cases of full-fledged AIDS.
One after another, they defend themselves against the view of Nambla as an organization of sadistic child molesters and pornographers, arguing that Nambla is a civil rights organization opposed to the age-of-consent laws.
More often than not, my supper is waiting under Saran Wrap to be nuked when I drive in after dark.
Sly, wry and saucy, it stars stand-up comedian Stephanie Hodge as Connie Drego, a brash 'n' bawdy woman who's just been paroled after serving nearly 2{ years for shooting her philandering ex-husband Sonny (D.
When he returned to the Gaza Strip last week after 27 years of exile, Arafat faced a small but vocal group of Palestinian demonstrators who criticized the PLO leader for returning before Israel complied with a demand to release more than 6,000 Palestinian prisoners.
As it became clear that thousands of gay men and lesbians had chosen to serve, a climate of relative tolerance abruptly gave way to an atmosphere of paranoia and denunciation that increased even after the war ended.
The action focuses on Viola, a young woman dumped on the shores of a land called Illyria after a shipwreck separates her and her twin brother, Sebastian.
Lopez took the chance after Vento asked whether she would like to host his group each week.
``It is inspired by those lavish nightclubs of the '30s and '40s, so big bands are a natural to be here.'' The music is best enjoyed during and after dinner.
She switched to Prozac six years ago after failing to get relief from imipramine, an antidepressant that dates to 1957.
In just a couple of weeks after taking Prozac, my perspective entirely changed.
In my experience it's not hype, it's just plain truth: Prozac has been a miracle to me.'' The one-time recluse said she plans to take Prozac the rest of her life, regardless of any long-term side effects that might emerge after further study.
She joined the study six months ago after years of searching for relief.
``I was just seeing failure after failure after failure.
He let the medication lapse, he said, and ``sure enough, after about two months it started again.'' Six months ago, he resumed what he assumes will be a lifelong relationship with Prozac.
``Sam not only recovered from his depression,'' Kramer wrote in his influential best seller, ``Listening to Prozac,'' he declared himself `better than well.' '' After seeing similar effects in patient after patient, Kramer concluded Prozac raised questions about the very nature of personality.
They clean up after supper and start the ``campfire'' in a metal fire box.
Back home in Texas on Wednesday after their 19-day stint, Knight Island crew members shook their heads in amazement when they remembered the packed refugee boats.
	SIMPSON-HEARING (Los Angeles) -- The judge in the O.J. Simpson case ruled Thursday that evidence recovered without a search warrant at Simpson's home hours after his former wife and a friend of hers were found stabbed to death could be used against him.
LOS ANGELES (NYT)  (BC-NATIONAL-BRIEFS-NYT) The judge in the O.J. Simpson case ruled Thursday that evidence recovered without a search warrant at Simpson's home hours after his former wife and a friend of hers were found stabbed to death could be used against him.
In urging the president to move swiftly to make tangible his promises to Poland, Walesa observed that the ``Polish people know very well from their past and present experience what paper guarantees are worth.'' And after Clinton's address Thursday, the head of the Democratic Left Alliance, the largest party in the country's governing coalition, said he was ``very disappointed that there was no timetable set'' to spell out how soon Poland might enter NATO.
Tens of thousands turned out to greet Bush months after the Communists collapsed; Thursday only about 2,000 people, many of them just casual passers-by, watched Clinton as he placed wreaths at three monuments, including one honoring the Jews who battled the Germans in the Warsaw ghetto.
A diplomat in Washington described the Colombian prosecutor as ``a thorn in our side.'' Refusing to bend, de Greiff promises to continue to promote a ``rational drug debate'' after leaving office.
Human beings, after all, are fallible.
	Bailly, who announced before the auction that he was selling the painting because he was on the verge of bankruptcy and might be forced to close his Paris gallery, said in a telephone interview after the auction that the outcome of the sale was ``a catastrophe, but not the end of the gallery.'' 	``I never thought this would happen,'' he said.
Tropical Storm Alberto fit this pattern perfectly after making landfall last Sunday.
The Clinton administration's decision to go ahead with the meeting in Geneva came after former President Jimmy Carter's visit to North Korea last month, at which North Korean President Kim Il-sung proposed a summit with his South Korean counterpart, Kim Young-sam, and subsequently agreed to freeze his nuclear weapons program pending talks.
Anyway, speaking of western-movie scores, after this renewed interest proved unwilling to go away, I unshelved my first-edition copy of Elmer Bernstein's music for John Sturges' ``The Magnificent Seven'' (1960), figuring I'd listen to the ultimate epic-western score.
But after the last football season, he impressed them in four United States Basketball League games and in NBA predraft camps.
(Perhaps it's no coincidence that the Mansion on Turtle Creek recently rescinded its ``ties required'' policy.) Diners suit up in jeans, sequins (it is Dallas, after all) and even shorts.
The improvement in Baggio's play, and the fact that Spain will go into the game with three more days of rest, dominated the discussion by the Italians this morning after a 90-minute practice.
The explanation from officials of the Italian delegation was that ``he spoke yesterday,'' but several players did speak after practice.
When Baggio was asked whether he viewed himself as the savior of Italy after he tied the game against Nigeria with a minute left in regulation before scoring the winner on a penalty kick in overtime, he replied: ``I never thought about saving anyone.'' And when asked about the criticism that he had played well only in the game against Nigeria after hardly doing anything in the first three games of the World Cup finals, the man with the most famous ponytail in the world right now said, ``Intelligent people understand me.'' Baggio notwithstanding, the Italian players emphasized that they felt the team's level of performance was rising with every game in the tournament.
``We have a new life now after the win against Nigeria,'' said Paolo Maldini, who will play in the middle of the defense again in the absence of the injured Franco Baresi.
He played the second half in the 1-1 tie with Mexico, and he scored the Italian goal three minutes after he entered.
Adding to the demands inherent in such a tour, he suffered a groin pull after the Olympics in February, giving him little time to recuperate and practice before the show took to the road in April.
I don't like cream sauces, I do like tomato sauces, and that's a healthy way to eat.'' Boitano said he'll head for Yosemite National Park and Lake Tahoe after this tour is over.
When the Prince kisses her after her 100-year nap, at the end of Act II, the huge cobwebs come crashing down with Broadway panache.
Adding to the demands inherent in such a tour, he suffered a groin pull after the Olympics in February, giving him little time to recuperate and practice before the show took to the road in April.
I don't like cream sauces, I do like tomato sauces, and that's a healthy way to eat.'' Boitano said he'll head for Yosemite National Park and Lake Tahoe after this tour is over.
Only after a press release was issued about the planned departure did the mayor's office pay attention, Dupuis added, though he doesn't think the last-minute intervention will make much difference.
Today, he lost 2:46 more and finds himself in 145th place, 8:53 down, after the fifth of 21 daily stages in this 81st Tour.
Sapped by fatigue, stress and a lost season after he broke a hand last year, the American, who has not won a race since 1992, remains a champion here.
The newest idea, and maybe the most controversial, will be an American call on the Group of 7 to begin thinking about what it wants to do as an encore to the global trade agreement -- the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade -- which was completed last December, after seven years of negotiations.
When he was getting out of the ring after knocking out Michael Spinks, my coach, Eric Winbush, introduced me to him.
Privately, Clinton is said to be angry over what he views as an unfair diplomatic slap, after his successful drive in 1993 to trim the U.S. budget deficit.
He was informed of Panama's decision by Vice President Al Gore, who telephoned the president aboard Air Force One after he arrived in Naples, Italy, for the annual Group of Seven economic summit.
Just one week after opening a tent city for Haitian boat people in Guantanamo, for example, the Pentagon has been forced to nearly double the camp's size to accommodate an unexpected flood of migrants.
Salo could give Ron Hextall and Jamie McLennan, a second-year player, a run at training camp after already being signed to a multiyear contract with the Islanders.
Fifteen hours after Rickey Henderson treated him like a tackling dummy, the Yankee catcher sorted through his gear and wondered if he was in the lineup.
``The doctors gave me the OK to play,'' Stanley said calmly, after X-rays on his face and a CAT scan showed no broken bones.
He can't go in with his arms behind his back.'' Although Stanley claimed he could have played Thursday, Manager Buck Showalter started Matt Nokes as catcher after Stanley struggled through batting practice one hour before the game.
Caserta, had terminated his contract with the company, more than three months after voluntarily stepping aside and taking a leave of absence.
Maskaly took over at Spectrum after Caserta stepped aside in March.
But Maskaly resigned after just nine days, saying he was convinced that ``the media will not cease its attacks on Spectrum as long as anyone who has served on the board or been associated with Peter Caserta is running the company.'' Maskaly has stayed on as interim chief until a replacement is found.
The suit was filed after Caserta's comments about a pending Spectrum contract with AT&T Corp.
would be worth hundreds of millions of dollars caused Spectrum's stock to rise -- and the stock subsequently plummeted after AT&T denied his assertions.
Gonzalez, D-Texas, said Bowen sent the findings to the SEC after he had urged him to do so because of dissatisfaction with the inspector's inquiry into whether Angell used privileged Fed information to advise clients of Bear, Stearns & Co. Angell left the central bank's board of governors in February and joined the Wall Street firm in April.
The Utah Supreme Court, for instance, ruled in 1978 that people have the right to control the disposition of their bodies after death, and a California appeals court held last year that a man has the legal power to bequeath frozen sperm deposited for in vitro fertilization.
The California Supreme Court ruled in 1989 that a former leukemia patient, John Moore, had not retained an ownership interest in his spleen after it was removed in surgery.
But three days after the accident, Oscar said that while he feels like a broken man, he will try again to flee by boat.
His passion was soccer, and after every World Cup match, he and friends would analyze the match passionately.
The newer Calvert-Ariel Appreciation Fund also slumped last year after a strong 1992.
Two days after taking RU-486, a patient takes prostaglandin, another hormone, which induces contractions to end the pregnancy.
You're operating entirely by feel, so if they're too deep, or they've been pushed out of their original placement, they can be hard to find.'' ``Sometimes I've had to poke around for an hour, at which point the tissue is so swollen you can't find anything, and you have to ask the person to come back a month later after it's healed, and try again,'' she said, adding that some of her patients had been referred by doctors who said they were not equipped to perform removals.
Corn futures prices were mostly lower after an Agriculture Department report earlier this week showed crops in good to excellent condition.
``What happened after that is not within my realm.
Kansas, by a strange turn of events, could come into play after the elections.
The university expects to find a successor to outgoing chancellor Gene Budig by next spring, well after Kansas selects a new governor.
Stocks of several retailers gained after strong store sales were reported for June.
Many traders said they believed that while the stock market may have dodged a bullet in Wednesday's session, after the Federal Reserve's policymaking committee failed to move on interest rates, there was still one bullet left for the Fed to fire on Friday.
Moriarty said the group was up after Wednesday's auto industry data that showed lower sales.
And since used-car life spans are now above eight years, it means that demand will not dissipate.'' Airborne Freight slumped for the second straight day after an Robinson Humphrey analyst cut estimates for its earnings because of declining package shipments and slower economic growth.
Of course, the findings of the Mollen Commission, coming after two years of investigation, claimed the bigger headlines, but all the police news is connected in one sense.
The Mollen Commission has turned up story after story of rogue cops who peddled guns and drugs or sold protection, openly profiting from the brutality that besieges the city's most desperate neighborhoods.
On Wednesday, there were at least 60,000, and peasant families continue to stream in, arriving after days of walking, in rags, dirty, exhausted, suffering from malaria and dysentery.
Many of the foreigners who were working in government areas left in April after Rwanda's president, Juvenal Habyarimana, died in a suspicious plane crash, unleashing a wave of killing, mostly of Tutsi and moderate Hutu who were opposed to the government.
MOSQUITO TRACKING IN FLOOD ,(BU)LED TO LARGE SAVINGS BY U.S. WASHINGTON  (BC-FLOOD-DISEASE-420&ADD-NYT) In a development that may have relevance to the current flooding in the South, health officials report that an emergency surveillance program allowed them to forgo expensive contingency plans for widespread mosquito control after last year's floods in the Midwest.
Although the mosquito population increased after those floods, the surveillance program detected only a low risk of mosquito-borne illness, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Thursday in its weekly report.
Moreover, U.S. Secretary of State Warren Christopher said categorically this week that the map was intended ``to preserve the state of Bosnia as a single state within its internationally recognized borders.'' Thus, while the Clinton administration has reluctantly agreed to give the Serbs several towns in which they killed or evicted the Muslim population, it has -- after some wavering -- decided not to budge on the question of Bosnia's remaining a single state.
 (BC-ARKANSAS-ABORTION-325&ADD-NYT) About 60 protesters sponsored by three national anti-abortion groups picketed two abortion clinics Thursday in the start of what had been billed as a major show of force after a series of recent court rulings and a new federal law barring demonstrators from obstructing access to clinics.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Don Treshman, director of Rescue America, said after the demonstration Thursday that the groups planned to block the entrance to a Little Rock clinic on Friday.
Noting that they planned to return to Haiti themselves after the political crisis ended, many said that the United States should offer the refugees temporary asylum within its borders.
Two boaters complained after being warned to slow down in the 5 mile-per-hour ``no wake'' zone in the creeks, where boaters are not supposed to travel fast enough to disturb the water greatly.
The Panamanian president, who took office after the 1989 American invasion that overthrew Gen.
``I am sure my decision is correct,'' Endara said at a news conference at the Presidential Palace on Thursday afternoon after a two-hour delay in which American officials were seen entering his office.
One day after Panama announced its willingness to accept the refugees, Endara also said, the top official at the U.S. Embassy here, Oliver Garza, the charge d'affaires, asked for permission to begin building temporary accommodations on an American military base.
HOUSE POSTAL WORKERS TELL OF IDLENESS AND FAVORS WASHINGTON  (BC-POSTAL-CONGRESS-350&ADD-NYT) Two years after a congressional inquiry into the House post office, transcripts of interviews with postal employees were made public Thursday, providing a portrait of a sloppily run mail operation eager to perform favors for powerful members of Congress.
Rota, who was forced to resign after initial reports of wrongdoing.
AS PANAMA PULLS OUT OF PLAN, U.S. STRUGGLES WITH FLOOD OF BOATPEOPLE WASHINGTON  (BC-HAITI-U.S.-250&ADDS-NYT) Two days after the administration announced that Panama would serve as a ``safe haven'' for 10,000 Haitian refugees, Panama withdrew from the plan, leaving Washington struggling to cope with a new flood of boatpeople.
American officials said that Panama rejected the plan after Endara realized he had misjudged the domestic opposition.
But one administration official said it was Endara who reneged after he realized he had miscalculated the degree of opposition.
The immediate human toll was highest in Americus, where at least 10 people died after 23 inches of rain fell within 24 hours from the remnants of Tropical Storm Alberto.
The storms are coming a year after the catastrophic flooding of last summer, but the damage left will not approach the $12 billion in damage across the Midwest.
``But it kind of poops out after that.
Teachers who fail after three retraining efforts are sent home.
Shortly after receiving the Robert J.
The Kane award is named after the man who was president of the USOC from 1976 to 1980.
JUDGE RULES THAT POLICE ACTED PROPERLY IN GATHERING EVIDENCE LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-HEARING-500&ADDS-NYT) The judge in the O.J. Simpson case ruled on Thursday that detectives who arrived at Simpson's estate hours after his former wife and a friend of hers were slain acted properly in entering the estate, questioning residents, and recovering evidence before they obtained a search warrant.
The judge, Kathleen Kennedy-Powell, of Los Angeles Municipal Court, said she believed that the detectives had acted with justification, given circumstances that she agreed were uncertain and potentially alarming when they arrived at Simpson's home shortly after 5 o'clock on the morning after the killings.
The prosecutors said that they would not seek to enter into evidence at the preliminary hearing other bloodstains, found at the estate after the warrant was obtained, and the judge's ruling does not apply to those items.
He said that he believed that the murderer had worn gloves and had dropped one at the scene of the crime after ``a struggle with the man.'' The second, he said, turned up at Simpson's estate, ``dropped by the person who transported it up there, doing whatever he was doing by creating loud thumps on the wall.'' In testimony on Tuesday, Brian Kaelin, a friend of Simpson living in quarters behind the main house, said he heard loud noises outside his bedroom, an area in which investigators found the second glove the morning after the killings.
In other testimony, Vannatter said that when he first encountered Simpson at the house, shortly after Simpson returned from Chicago at midday on June 13, Simpson was in handcuffs.
Later, Vannatter testified that the call was placed after the neighbors who first discovered the bodies, Sukru Boztepe and his wife, Bettina Rasmussen, had knocked on the door of the house in their efforts to find someone to call the police.
Thursday, the day after at least 12 firefighters from a crew of 52 were trapped and then killed in a wildfire that ``blew up'' on a steep slope in Western Colorado, the Smokejumpers are mourning one of their worst disasters in modern times.
But going after a fire is not risk-free.'' He ordered all Interior Department offices to fly their flags at half-staff.
Giuliani, a former prosector who has made the reduction of crime the centerpiece of his mayoralty, spoke after the Mollen Commission formally released the results of a two-year study of the Police Department -- a report that painted a devastating account of corrupt networks of rogue officers and of a police culture that ``exalts loyalty over integrity.'' The release of the commission's final report leaves Giuliani with the critical question of how to police the police at a time when he has been expanding the uniformed officer's mission to the kind of street arrests of drug dealers that were abandoned in the wake of the city's last police corruption scandals of the 1970s.
Dinkins named the Mollen panel in 1992 after Michael Dowd, a police officer who worked in the crime-ridden East New York section of Brooklyn, was arrested on drug charges by the Suffolk County police.
Kids should be able to play sports and be left alone.'' Police are blaming the deadly melee on long-standing simmering tensions between Hunters Point and Western Addition youths and say the intruders were angered that the game was being played ``on their turf.'' Officers are still searching for the suspect, who ran away after the shooting.
Shortly after 8 p.m., a group of rowdy youngsters entered the gymnasium and started yelling and jeering at the players on the court, he said.
Such an office was formed after the corruption scandals of the early 1970s and was disbanded by Gov.
Los Angeles Municipal Court Judge Kathleen Kennedy-Powell's ruling established that Los Angeles Police Department detectives reasonably believed an emergency situation justified scaling the wall of Simpson's estate without a warrant in the hours after the knife slayings of the former National Football League star's ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman.
Additionally, she said the police did not prolong their activities after finding evidence -- a glove that appeared to be blood stained and to match a glove found at the crime scene, and what appeared to be blood on the driveway.
But with their 59-day grasp on first place in jeopardy Thursday against California, and their clubhouse growing emptier and emptier after games and their training room growing more populated, the Yankees restored luster to their still-glowing ledger in a stylish manner by defeating Mark Langston and the Angels, 5-2.
There was Jimmy Key doing exactly what Jimmy Key does as he pitched seven reliable innings and won again after a Yankee loss.
Paul O'Neill was ejected from Tuesday's game with Oakland after he tossed his helmet while arguing a third strike.
And Kevin Elster, 0 for 20 as a Yankee, declined to address reporters after being placed on the 15-day disabled list with inflammation in his right shoulder.
Since Langston matched Key through six innings, it was not until the Yankees nicked the Angels' left-hander for two runs in the seventh that they could ponder staying in first place another day and Key could ponder improving his season mark to 6-1 after New York losses.
The sniping was particularly intense after Brazil's 1-1 tie with Sweden in the teams' final first-round game.
Explaining his feelings to reporters after the game, Bebeto said: ``It was very important to win this game.
SHAKE-UP AT FOX FORCES OUT CHAIRMAN NEW YORK  (BC-FOX-OUST-250&ADDS-NYT) Lucie Salhany, the highest-ranking woman executive in network television, resigned from Fox Broadcasting on Thursday after a management restructuring that eliminated her position as chairman.
In upholding the predawn search of Simpson's home on June 13, hours after his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend, Ronald Goldman, were found brutally slain, Kennedy-Powell said police ``reasonably believed that a further delay could have resulted in the unnecessary loss of life.'' In recent years, courts have become more conservative -- and have tended to side with the police.
Russell, whose debut feature film ``Spanking the Monkey'' is named after certain solitary sexual activity, won the Audience Award for the most popular film at the Sundance Film Festival.
Russell, whose debut feature film ``Spanking the Monkey'' is named after certain solitary sexual activity, won the Audience Award for the most popular film at the Sundance Film Festival.
Russell, whose debut feature film ``Spanking the Monkey'' is named after certain solitary sexual activity, won the Audience Award for the most popular film at the Sundance Film Festival.
STRAW AT THE 'STICK: `A NEW BEGINNING' SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-BBN-STRAWBERRY-NYT) The boos rained down in the eighth inning, moments after he jumped into the batter's box and the pitch veered outside.
``In a 5-4 ball game with a right-hander coming up, yeah that was something,'' Strawberry said, moments after appearing in a major league game for the first time since June 16, 1993.
Today ranks for me a new beginning, a new birth.'' Thus was completed another chapter in the Strawberry saga, which began after he disappeared from the Los Angeles Dodgers just before opening day.
After a stay in the Betty Ford Center for nearly a month -- and after admitting to his nine-year alcohol-and-drug addiction -- Strawberry talked with several teams before signing with the Giants June 19.
 (BC-CONN-GUN-BILL-525&ADD-NYT) Through hours of debate on a bill restricting the sale of handguns, one legislator after another rose in the Capitol here to say that more gun control will not stop the violence in Connecticut's cities that has become a huge concern among voters and politicians.
The system, which affects the purchase of handguns after Oct.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) The bill, however, passed only after five months of battle between Weicker and other supporters -- including Democratic legislators, police chiefs, prosecutors, pediatricians, and business leaders -- and the largely Republican opponents, the National Rifle Association and the Coalition of Connecticut Sportsmen.
A ``thin body jacket'' of plastic, used to help patients after spinal surgery, costs $19 to make and $50 in a supply catalog, Cohen said, but Medicare was billed $520.
FOREST SERVICE CASUALTIES  (BC-WILDFIRES-LIST-NYT) Following are 13 of the 14 firefighters for the U.S. Forest Service who are dead or missing after a fire near Glenwood Springs., Colo: BECK, Kathi, Prineville, Ore.
The clubhouse stuff is overrated, because nobody cares if he makes friends or spouts encouragement or cleans up after himself.
Maybe next time I'll pull it.'' That shot, the out of the day, came after Patterson singled, Bonds doubled off the wall in center -- he thought it was out and ran accordingly -- and Williams' two-run homer.
Often the stories returned to loved ones she left behind in Eastern Europe after she immigrated here as a teen-ager in 1928.
Pete Wilson Thursday after the Assembly voted 44-21 to concur with Senate amendments to the measure.
I side with the breathers.'' Friedman said he became strongly opposed to workplace smoking after becoming chairman of the Assembly Labor and Employment Committee, when he began hearing repeated complaints from workers about being forced to breathe second-hand smoke on the job.
They'll find another way.'' Phil Caruso, the president of the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association, said that officers in the most violent and hostile precincts should be given the opportunity to go elsewhere after five years.
The proposal comes four days after the State Legislature adjourned without passing most of Cuomo's crime agenda, including bills that would have required life sentences without parole for three-time violent offenders.
Strawberry got that chance Thursday in his return to major league baseball, just four weeks after leaving the Betty Ford Clinic for drug and alcohol dependency treatment.
	The brewer said in a statement, issued after a report this week in Adweek about the assignment, that Gyro would ``assist the Budweiser brand on a very limited geographic basis.'' The statement said the project ``does not affect our national advertising strategy or our relationship with our existing agencies.'' D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles in St. Louis is the longtime Budweiser brand agency.
Overpaid news reader Paul Moyer, who epitomizes KNBC (Channel 4)'s commitment to knuckleheads, said it Tuesday night after watching a clip of Darryl Strawberry hitting a home run for the Class AAA Phoenix Firebirds during his rehab assignment: ``Could Strawberry be the next superstar in the major leagues?'' Uhhhhhh ...
Joe Morgan (ESPN, NBC, ABC) 1965 Topps 16 $85 Another legit Hall of Fame player whose card was up to $180 after his induction.
Judge Kathleen Kennedy-Powell on Thursday denied a defense motion to suppress evidence obtained by police who entered Simpson's home without a warrant after finding his former wife and her friend slain at her home about two miles away.
In testimony Thursday, Los Angeles police Detective Philip Vannatter testified that when he interviewed Simpson after he returned from Chicago the morning after the slaying, he found a cut on the middle finger of his left hand and a smaller cut lower on the finger.
The second, he said, turned up at Simpson's estate, ``dropped by the person who transported it up there, doing whatever he was doing behind there that created the loud thumps on the wall.'' In testimony Tuesday, Brian ``Kato'' Kaelin, a friend of Simpson and Nicole Simpson living in guest quarters behind the main house, said he heard loud noises outside his bedroom, an area in which investigators found the second glove the morning after the killings.
The youngest player in the majors, he spent Thursday coming back to earth after Tuesday night's sudden promotion from Class AA Jacksonville, Fla.
The Mariners rank third-to-last in the American League in team defense this season after being first last season.
``It doesn't matter how old the case -- he doesn't put it on the shelf and forget it after a few months or a year.
He joined the Los Angeles Police Department after after a three-year tour in the military.
Four days later, after Simpson was charged but failed to surrender as promised, Lange was a key figure in negotiating with him via cellular phone as a phalanx of patrol cars and a swarm of television news helicopters pursued a Ford Bronco with Simpson inside.
The chip was discovered in an X-ray the day after The Wicked North finished fourth to Slew of Damascus at odds-on in Saturday's Hollywood Gold Cup, only his fourth out-of-the-money performance in 17 starts.
But jockey Kent Desormeaux and trainer David Bernstein sounded as if they didn't expect to find a new injury after the Gold Cup.
``No problems with him, just an empty tank,'' Desormeaux said shortly after the race.
``He's a very nice guy, both in and out of court,'' said Barry Levin, who represents one of the three defendants.``He's a real personable guy.'' Levin, a former Los Angeles police officer turned attorney who has provided commentary in the Simpson case, said after Lange appeared in court Thursday as ``a very credible-appearing witness, very well prepared and very professional.'' One of his biggest disappointments came in the Wonderland Avenue quadruple homicide in the Laurel Canyon area of Los Angeles.Despite five trials, the case ended with no convictions on any of the men who were charged in the murders.
Two others later were tried after Holmes acquittal.
While other investigators were busy handling the continuing Hillside Strangler case, Lange identified Maxwell after narrowing the suspects to a list of 40 suspects matching witness descriptions.
The immediate human toll was highest in Americus, where at least 10 people died after 21.1 inches of rain fell within 24 hours, the remnants of Tropical Storm Alberto.
The storms have come a year after the catastrophic flooding across the Midwest, but the damage left this year will not approach that of last summer, when the total was put at $12 billion.
CSX Transportation, a railroad company in Jacksonville, Fla., closed a major east-west rail line between Pensacola and Chattahoochee, Fla., on Thursday after flooding threatened bridges and caused washouts, said Jay Westbrook, a company spokesman.
Worrell, after giving up three ninth-inning runs in Wednesday's 4-2 loss to Montreal (his sixth blown save in 13 chances), expressed his puzzlement with being asked to record a two-inning save for the fourth time in his last six appearances.
This was a snowy Sunday night after a Cowboys-Browns game and there was one small problem, the native said.
Dutch defender Frank Boer noted that ``a couple of players were real, real tired.'' Midfielder Jim Wonk said he ``was really exhausted, and for a few minutes after the game I could hardly talk.'' Welcome to Dallas, boys.
After scrambling to get in a 7 p.m. scrimmage Thursday at Southern Methodist University after a bomb hoax delayed the team's flight from Orlando, Fla., for several hours, the Dutch got their first glimpse of the Cotton Bowl and first taste of Texas heat and humidity.
After the attrition of superstar Ruud Gullit -- who quit the team twice in disputes with Advocaat, the final time after being benched in the second half against Scotland on May 27 -- 25-year-old forward Dennis Bergkamp is the closest thing the Dutch have to a household name on the international soccer circuit.
``I'd like to have a community center named after me in my hometown,'' she said.
The immediate human toll was highest in Americus, where at least 10 people died after 21.1 inches of rain fell within 24 hours, the remnants of Tropical Storm Alberto.
The storms have come a year after the catastrophic flooding across the Midwest, but the damage left this year will not approach that of last summer, when the total was put at $12 billion.
CSX Transportation, a railroad company in Jacksonville, Fla., closed a major east-west rail line between Pensacola and Chattahoochee, Fla., on Thursday after flooding threatened bridges and caused washouts, said Jay Westbrook, a company spokesman.
``I was pretty excited right after the last out was made.
There also is the Rodriguez who will growl when things go wrong, smack the bullpen phone with his bat after a strikeout or slam his mask on the bench in disgust when an umpire blows a call at second base, costing him a ``caught stealing.'' The emotion is as much a part of Rodriguez as those times when he seems to be writhing in pain for 10 minutes, his face buried in the dirt, after taking a foul ball off the face mask.
``There's no love lost from my players for Ivan Rodriguez,'' Hargrove said this week, almost two months after the incident.
Artist Josie Grant discovered only after the fact that one mural of a tai chi scene had been removed.
Lasorda had no answers Thursday night, only sighs of frustration and softly muttered curses after watching his club get shut out 3-0 by New York Mets rookie left-hander Jason Jacome, who was making only his second career start.
Joe Orsulak followed with a walk and, after Bobby Bonilla fouled out, took third on Jeff Kent's single.
Second-place Colorado has crept back within three games after the Dodgers were shut out for the sixth time this year.
Bob Welch, number three in your pitching order, started the seventh but, after the first two batters singled, was removed and the parade began in earnest.
Where foreigners can help is on stabilization, by insisting that more aid will come only if Chernomyrdin first appoints a credible finance minister and then helps him push through a sound macroeconomic policy; after six months in the job, Sergei Dubinin is still only acting finance minister, which means he has no clout.
Where foreigners can help is on stabilization, by insisting that more aid will come only if Chernomyrdin first appoints a credible finance minister and then helps him push through a sound macroeconomic policy; after six months in the job, Sergei Dubinin is still only acting finance minister, which means he has no clout.
Where foreigners can help is on stabilization, by insisting that more aid will come only if Chernomyrdin first appoints a credible finance minister and then helps him push through a sound macroeconomic policy; after six months in the job, Sergei Dubinin is still only acting finance minister, which means he has no clout.
Ferguson's death came only five days after her ex-husband, Danny Ferguson, an Arkansas state trooper, was named as a co-defendant in Paula Jones's sexual-harassment suit against Bill Clinton.
Ferguson's death came only five days after her ex-husband, Danny Ferguson, an Arkansas state trooper, was named as a co-defendant in Paula Jones's sexual-harassment suit against Bill Clinton.
Ferguson's death came only five days after her ex-husband, Danny Ferguson, an Arkansas state trooper, was named as a co-defendant in Paula Jones's sexual-harassment suit against Bill Clinton.
Moreover, the projects are in the territory that Israel annexed after it won East Jerusalem and the West Bank from Jordan in 1967.
Moreover, the projects are in the territory that Israel annexed after it won East Jerusalem and the West Bank from Jordan in 1967.
	Bad Girls R 	Madeleine Stowe, Andie MacDowell, Drew Barrymore and Mary Stuart Masterson are working girls out West, on the run to Oregon, after Stowe plugs a murderously unruly client.
This classy, beautifully drawn cartoon effortlessly takes its place in the superb cycle of Disney neo- classics.The lion cub Simba (voice by Jonathan Taylor Thomas, then Matthew Broderick) must reclaim his throne after his evil uncle, Scar (Jeremy Irons doing Claus Von Bulow with a mane), connives to have Simba's father, King Mufasa (James Earl Jones), killed.
	Philadelphia PG-13 	Tom Hanks gives an Oscar- winning performance as a fast-track lawyer who sues his former firm after being fired for incompetence (hmmm, and they just gave him a promotion).
	The Shadow PG-13 	It's a shame ``The Shadow'' came along after ``Batman'' and ``Dick Tracy.'' It borrows the best elements of both -- ``Batman's'' brooding cityscapes and eerie atmosphere, combined with ``Tracy's'' lighter touch and wittier art design.
After losing everything -- she accuses him of impotence, takes all his money and sets the French police after him -- he enjoys an incredible reversal of fortune in the economic hurly-burly of post-Communist Warsaw and hatches a bizarre scheme to win Delpy back.
Seven decades after its creation by the Italian chef, Caesar salad is still being hailed by the masses, whether it comes to the table embellished with innovative ingredients or in its basic garb.
In 1983, Franz hooked up with Steven Bochco, who hired him to play nasty Sal Benedetto on ``Hill Street Blues.'' Bochco liked Franz so much that after Benedetto was killed off, he brought Franz back as a different character, Detective Norman Buntz, the king of brown polyester.
Morgan, who was trained as a chiropractor, wrote the book after visiting Australia in 1985.
A relentless misogynistic retread of the two earlier films, ``3'' marks the nadir of the downward slide that started after director Reginald Hudlin left (he directed the peppy first film in 1990).
He addressed the Cobb issue after receiving one of the U.S. Olympic Committee's highest awards, the Robert J.
Who was hollering about Jeffrey Dahmer's rights?'' But O.J. came into this case with a reservoir of goodwill that hasn't evaporated for some, even after listening to that frightening 911 call his ex-wife made last year.
(Jack Manning/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT1) ST.-MARC, Haiti -- July 8, 1994 -- HAITI-REFUGEES, 7-7 -- Gladys Paul lost two sons after the boat on which they were trying to flee Haiti capsized.
(Jack Manning/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT1) ST.-MARC, Haiti -- July 8, 1994 -- HAITI-REFUGEES, 7-7 -- Gladys Paul lost two sons after the boat on which they were trying to flee Haiti capsized.
(Jack Manning/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT1) ST.-MARC, Haiti -- July 8, 1994 -- HAITI-REFUGEES, 7-7 -- Gladys Paul lost two sons after the boat on which they were trying to flee Haiti capsized.
``The United States does not seek to grow its economy or change its trade balance through a low dollar,'' Clinton said after an introductory meeting with Murayama.
Stressing the charge of inconsistency that has been made against the Clinton administration, Rexrodt accused Washington of first giving an impression that it welcomed a weak dollar as a weapon against Japanese exports and then insisting it did not want the dollar to drop after all.
Stressing the charge of inconsistency that has been made against the Clinton administration, Rexrodt accused Washington of first giving an impression that it welcomed a weak dollar as a weapon against Japanese exports and then insisting it did not want the dollar to drop after all.
Or maybe, after so many years of being frustrated and confused by the workings of our criminal justice system, we Americans simply want to see the system in action.
PRI kingmakers, who have ruled with the authority of monarchs, will have to share power after the election, most likely with presidential candidate Diego Fernandez de Cevallos and his conservative Party of National Action (PAN).
The two parties, which are ideologically in tune anyway, likely will end up cooperating on policy after the election, analysts believe.
While the company guides employees and screens the investment products carefully in its 401(k) plan, after employees retire, they may make poor choices or fall victim to unscrupulous financial professionals.
That means she will receive monthly payments for her life, and her husband is not entitled to monthly payouts after she dies.
They have to watch what they say.'' The situation is so unstable in Haiti now that even after military leader Lt. Gen.
The president also should convince the United Nations and/or leaders of other countries that there should be a multinational peacekeeping force remaining in Haiti after Aristide's return.
 (BC-PHOTOS-WEGMAN-REVIEW-2ndTake-TEX) Fay Ray has a thoroughbred beauty and dignity that works well for both Cinderella's fairy godmother -- after all, ``god'' is ``dog'' spelled backward -- and wicked stepmother.
Where foreigners can help is on stabilization, by insisting that more aid will come only if Chernomyrdin first appoints a credible finance minister and then helps him push through a sound macroeconomic policy; after six months in the job, Sergei Dubinin is still only acting finance minister, which means he has no clout.
Beside classroom, a ``practice'' session shows videos of many situations that women may face in daily life: being grabbed from behind as they use an automatic teller machine; unwanted embracing; aggressive behavior on a date after making it clear that further advances are unwanted.
Where foreigners can help is on stabilization, by insisting that more aid will come only if Chernomyrdin first appoints a credible finance minister and then helps him push through a sound macroeconomic policy; after six months in the job, Sergei Dubinin is still only acting finance minister, which means he has no clout.
Ferguson's death came only five days after her ex-husband, Danny Ferguson, an Arkansas state trooper, was named as a co-defendant in Paula Jones's sexual-harassment suit against Bill Clinton.
Ferguson's death came only five days after her ex-husband, Danny Ferguson, an Arkansas state trooper, was named as a co-defendant in Paula Jones's sexual-harassment suit against Bill Clinton.
Ferguson's death came only five days after her ex-husband, Danny Ferguson, an Arkansas state trooper, was named as a co-defendant in Paula Jones's sexual-harassment suit against Bill Clinton.
Moreover, the projects are in the territory that Israel annexed after it won East Jerusalem and the West Bank from Jordan in 1967.
Moreover, the projects are in the territory that Israel annexed after it won East Jerusalem and the West Bank from Jordan in 1967.
Census statistics show that approximately 75 percent of the California immigrant recipients' children have incomes above the California median (even after adjusting for family size).
Hong Shing Lee of the City Hall Senior Center in New York says that for many Chinese seniors, their first order of business after arriving in the United States is to ask him for details on welfare.
On June 23, 10 days after Ben & Jerry's announced the competition, Stillman published his entry as a full-page advertisement in The New York Times, offering the ice-cream company his services as chief executive.
I want to continue to serve my country and at the same time provide good service to honest businesses.'' Karabanov began what he calls the Association of International Cooperation -- Business and Personnel Security, in 1991 after the collapse of the Soviet Union and of the old KGB.
D'Amato's committee oversees the Securities and Exchange Commission, which regulates brokers, including Stratton Oakmont, whose top three executives were sanctioned this year by the SEC after being accused of manipulating stock prices and engaging in deceptive sales practices.
-- The handling by the White House of files related to Whitewater that were found in Foster's office after he committed suicide.
TESTOSTERONE AND NOISE: The police, who increased their use of the sound meter after Mayor Rudolph Giuliani started a campaign against ``quality of life'' nuisances in the city, say that typical arrests in Greenwich Village are of young men who, vying for young women's glances, try to blast their car stereos to realms where no ear has gone before.
Employees, all of whom are eligible for profit sharing and stock options after working 1,000 hours if they're over age 18, help define each store's atmosphere so that customers won't feel as if they're shopping at a monolithic chain.
We opened stores where the market we were going after would be.'' Real estate, it turned out, was destiny.
I could have said, `I'm getting older; I want to cater to an older customer.' Fortunately, our locations prevented us from doing that.'' Now, having raised $13 million in capital last November through an initial public offering of stock, Hayne is going after that older customer with Anthropologie.
By R.W. Apple Jr. 	SUMMIT-ASSESS (Naples) -- News Analysis: Clinton's trip to Eastern and Central Europe and the conference of seven major industrial democracies that began here today both show European leaders how far they still have to go, five years after the Cold War ended, to solve the security and economic problems that followed it.
	ISRAEL-UNREST (Hebron) -- Angry Jewish settlers tangle with Israeli soldiers after the killing of a teen-age settler on Thursday night, the first since Arafat took over in Gaza and the negotiations were announced for the spread of self-rule throughout the West Bank.
They are self-motivated athletes who stay in shape for what race steward Paul Mollison of Australia calls ``a head game under stressful conditions.'' They face the danger of a crash after losing too much altitude and their 70-pound gliders with wingspans of 32 to 36 feet can be battered by turbulent air currents as they rise to altitudes of up to 18,000 feet.
Equally impressive have been displays by fanatical followers around the stadiums and in the surrounding streets before and after each match.
Days after arriving back home, he still can close his eyes and see orange, orange everywhere.
The plane, a converted long-range bomber, bore the nickname ``Kee Bird,'' after a mythical Arctic bird that supposedly trudges through the snow muttering, ``Kee-Kee-riiist, but it's c-cold!'' The mission got off to an inauspicious start when a pre-flight check revealed that one of the four propellers was loose.
Their optimism sank with the aircraft's gas gauge after several hours of aimless flight over the Arctic Ocean.
Anywhere is better than Haiti,'' said Moliere, 35, who was repatriated to Port-au-Prince on July 3 after being denied asylum at a U.S. processing ship off Jamaica.
The spikes develop about 12 hours after birth, she said.
-- Even after floor amendments, attract enough votes to pass.
But it is what Kyle did before and after that day that has historians wondering how to fit such a lying, drinking, brawling, thieving and deserting scoundrel into the ranks of America's most honored heroes.
Three days after a Southern guerrilla attack in November 1866, he deserted and did not reappear until he enlisted in July 1867 in St. Louis as John Kile of Troy, N.Y. The 37th Infantry shipped him to an isolated post in New Mexico, where he and some buddies got roaring drunk on Christmas Day.
He won't even tell anybody until after it is done.
The spikes develop about 12 hours after birth, she said.
Mattea's new album, ``Walking Away a Winner,'' is her first project with producer Josh Leo, and it marks a definite turn back in a more commercial direction after a period of acoustic and folk-dominated innovation.
At his press conference, Clinton stressed that Haiti's rulers had done little to restore human rights after they took power.
Seattle First National Bank just settled with the SEC and the Comptroller's office, paying a $75,000 penalty, after it simply lost track of $3 million in bonds.
The FBI, which bought them after they'd been stolen in transit.
More departures followed, with the latest coming last week, when Lucie Salhany, network television's highest-ranking woman, resigned from Fox Broadcasting after a reshuffling wiped out her position as chairwoman.
The Council's unanimous choice of Goldstone means the machinery is finally in place for the first international war-crimes prosecutions since the Nuremberg and Tokyo trials after World War II.
Friends joked, saying they would be spending life after college digging ditches and picking up litter on the side of the road.
She hopes to teach after the corps.
So Cronin applied for the domestic peace corps after seeing an ad in his student newspaper.
It was lawyers, after all, who created the Constitution that created the United States, and even the meanest of them nowadays must always have that model subliminally housed in the back of his skull.
True enough, Riordan, the budget chairman, said after the meeting, nonpayment has become a culture.
AT&T filed its application for a license in Britain 14 months ago, a week after British Telecom filed an application in the United States for permission to establish international calling services from the United States.
The simmering dispute developed into a crisis last month after North Korea removed plutonium-rich nuclear fuel rods from a reactor at Yongbyon without international supervision.
Seattle First National Bank just settled with the SEC and the Comptroller's office, paying a $75,000 penalty, after it simply lost track of $3 million in bonds.
The FBI, which bought them after they'd been stolen in transit.
More departures followed, with the latest coming last week, when Lucie Salhany, network television's highest-ranking woman, resigned from Fox Broadcasting after a reshuffling wiped out her position as chairwoman.
``I realized that the key is to be at peace with myself.'' In the midst of a swarm of critics and doubters, after flopping terribly in group games, getting benched, complaining of injuries, playing with a team that was a man down and then seeing his team trail Nigeria 1-0 with just minutes left in a physical elimination game, Baggio soared.
But I refuse to base everything on a result.'' Even after scoring maybe the two most significant goals of his life against Nigeria, Baggio did what he always does: He smiled briefly, accepted congratulations and returned to his position.
Shad died after heart surgery, said his daughter, Leslie.
Real estate records in California indicate, for example, that soon after acquiring a Honda dealership there, Hendrick lent more than $250,000 to a top Honda executive to purchase a home.
But after Hendrick decided he would never be one of the world's fastest drivers, he turned to car sales, said Robert Towne, the screenwriter for ``Days of Thunder.'' Initially, Hendrick made money by selling used cars.
William Van Dalsem, the dealership's original owner, said his business had been doing well until his supply of cars began to dwindle after Billmyer was promoted.
``I was getting 20 to 30 new cars a month, but I needed double that to make money.'' Soon after being introduced to Hendrick by Billmyer, Van Dalsem said he sold him the dealership in Corona for $300,000.
A month after he bought the dealership, Hendrick entered into a real estate transaction with Stanley James Cardiges, a fast-rising American Honda sales executive who eventually succeeded Billmyer.
``Whether Jack Billmyer provided the car or not, it showed up,'' said Segrest, who stopped working for Hendrick after he sued the car dealer because of a business dispute.
The younger Billmyer was fired by Hendrick's company in 1992 after a period of poor performance, the car dealer said.
But he said he had done so only after being told by an American Honda executive that it was the only way to insure car shipments.
CSC Index, a re-engineering consultant, pronounced that evaluation unfair, after doing its own survey of several hundred ``re-engineered'' companies.
Volume was not heavy since many investors wanted to take some time to look ahead and see where they want to be six or 12 months from now'' Some technology stocks rallied after an analyst for Lehman Brothers, Michael Gumport, raised his recommendation on Intel to ``buy'' from ``outperform.'' Intel rose 1 1/4, to 59 1/8.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Among the cyclicals, Alcoa jumped 3 5/8, to 78 7/8, after reporting better-than-expected second-quarter earnings.
Nike surged 2 1/8, to 62 1/8, after it reported better-than-expected earnings.
Diagnostek, which provides prescription drugs by mail, tumbled 4 1/4, to 17 3/4, after it said late Thursday that its Arizona and New Mexico pharmacy contracts with the Cigna Corp.
The main pack, including the previous man in yellow, Flavio Vanzella, an Italian with GB-MG, finished 46 seconds behind after a disorganized chase of the breakaway.
That made for a slow stage in cool and windy weather before a fair turnout of fans as the Tour de France returned to the mother country after two days in England.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) He is a team worker, an engine in chases after opponents and the finest descender from climbs in the pack.
Only Friday morning, after the two disastrous stages in England in which he lost more than eight minutes over rolling and undemanding terrain, he said that he continued to suffer from chronic and unexplained fatigue.
``People say in hindsight, `Greg raced one or two years too long, Greg should have stopped in '90 after he won his last Tour,' '' he said.
``But if I would have thought that after my hunting accident, I wouldn't have won two more Tours de France and the world championship.'' 
The Times said the inquiry was set off when a stockbroker reported possible irregularities to the London Stock Exchange shortly after the bid was announced on Jan.
Archer was elected to Parliament at 29, but resigned his seat five years later, in 1974, after a business deal went sour, leaving him nearly penniless.
Macy's directors put off their decision after a letter from the lawyer representing Macy's bondholders arrived at their meeting Friday morning.
Space travelers typically grow two to three inches in the absence of gravity, a change that often is accompanied by back pain and reverses itself after return to Earth.
LONG RATES AT HIGHEST LEVEL SINCE CLINTON WAS ELECTED  (BC-CREDIT-460&ADD-NYT) Long-term interest rates rose Friday to their highest level since just after President Clinton was elected, as the bond market sold off in the wake of a June employment report that was much stronger than expected.
John Shalikasvili, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, briefly visited the U.S. Naval base at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba on Friday after a decision to increase its capacity for housing Haitian boat people to 20,000 or more.
Now, they've restored it for the G-7, so that means the foreigners count and we don't.'' ``No one,'' said Aldo Masullo, a leftist philosophy professor and member of Parliament, ``can have the illusion that after this moment of euphoria, we can continue in this favorable way unless firm decisions are made to create a more substantial transformation of the city.
``The flowers in the flower-beds will whither, the fountains will no longer tinkle, the streets will fill with holes again, the garbage will build up in the piazzas and the traffic will paralyze the entire city.'' But if young Neapolitans made up their minds to confront this destiny, he said, Naples could again become ``a European capital, the greatest after London and Paris, which it has not been for too long.'' 
Now, they've restored it for the G-7, so that means the foreigners count and we don't.'' ``No one,'' said Aldo Masullo, a leftist philosophy professor and member of Parliament, ``can have the illusion that after this moment of euphoria, we can continue in this favorable way unless firm decisions are made to create a more substantial transformation of the city.
``The flowers in the flower-beds will whither, the fountains will no longer tinkle, the streets will fill with holes again, the garbage will build up in the piazzas and the traffic will paralyze the entire city.'' But if young Neapolitans made up their minds to confront this destiny, he said, Naples could again become ``a European capital, the greatest after London and Paris, which it has not been for too long.'' 
``Then they are inspected once a year.'' Last year, he said, the state ordered the water released and a dam destroyed near the northeast Georgia city of Gainesville after the dam was found to be unsafe.
 (BC-ARKANSAS-ABORTION-525&Add-NYT) Thirty abortion opponents, including two teen-age girls, were arrested here Friday after blocking the entrance to a clinic, and a federal prosecutor said she would consider charging them with violating the very law they were protesting.
Those arrested were released after being issued citations to appear in Municipal Court on July 15.
Some repatriated Haitians are arrested by military officials after being dropped off but most are released within 72 hours, and few if any are prosecuted.
The Clinton administration is also scrambling to find other sites, especially after Panama announced on Thursday that it will not accept the 10,000 Haitian refugees officials had promised to take in.
In April, the National Commission on Wildfire Disasters, asked by Congress to investigate fire dangers after the Yellowstone fires of 1988, emphasized the problem in its final report.
The disclosure comes a week after Digital, a once-powerful multinational computer company that has fallen out of profitability, announced the closing of its plant in Westfield, Mass., which will cost 340 jobs.
Last summer, the Brazilians also wilted after building a 3-0 halftime lead over Germany in Washington before holding on for a 3-3 tie.
``Personally, I don't think it's anything more than the shock wave going through condensation,'' he said after a news briefing.
Space agency officials say the multinational research is a prelude to the kind of work that will be done after the turn of the century, if all goes as planned, on the international space station.
Clinton stressed that the dollar had dropped to nearly a post-World War II low ``against the yen only.'' But after the president's remarks, the dollar dropped to a 19-month low against the German mark as well.
``We ought to follow the economic fundamentals in the real economy, and that's what I'm trying to do.'' Bentsen hit a similar note after a meeting with Finance Minister Masayoshi Takemura of Japan.
The Mollen Commission, after all, concluded that the union had often acted as ``a shelter for the corrupt cop.'' And PBA officials, for their part, refused to meet with or testify before the commission, which was appointed by former Mayor David Dinkins.
Richard Hartman, the chief attorney for the union, left in 1988 after his use of union funds came under scrutiny.
And in 1992, the PBA came in for sharp criticism after their rally outside City Hall to protest Dinkins' plans for the Civilian Complaint Review Board degenerated into a near riot by officers, many of them inebriated.
Within hours after the report was released, the dollar plummeted against other currencies after President Clinton, meeting in Naples with the leaders of other industrial countries, seemed to rule out support for it from either the administration or the largely independent Federal Reserve.
	Markets 	Long-term interest rates rose to their highest level since just after Clinton was elected.
	Stocks rose after a strong June employment report.
PLAYING FIELD IS ALTERED, BUT EUROPE (BU)STILL REGARDS U.S. AS VITAL PLAYER NAPLES, Italy  (BC-SUMMIT-ASSESS-420(2TAKES)-NYT) President Clinton's trip to Europe and the conference of seven major industrial democracies that began here Friday show European leaders how far they still have to go, five years after the Cold War ended, to solve the security and economic problems that followed it.
Yeltsin of Russia as a full participant in the political part of the gathering, which will begin Saturday night after the economic discussions end.
Five years after World War II, most of the political and economic institutions that carried the West through the Cold War were in place -- the alliances that bound the United States to the defense of Japan and Western Europe, the Marshall Plan, the economic and monetary agreements that underpinned an unprecedented expansion of free world trade and prosperity.
But five years after the Berlin Wall collapsed, there has been no comparable effort to come up with a grand design to cope with the social unrest of remaking the communist economies, the ethnic strains of resurgent nationalism in Eastern Europe or the increasingly competitive pressures of the global economy.
American diplomats say that the German concerns will be on Clinton's mind when he visits Bonn and Berlin after the discussions here end on Sunday, and that the president will repeat his assurances that expansion of NATO would not be a threat to Russia when he sees Yeltsin.
Gebbie, submitted her resignation Friday after a rocky 11-month tenure.
Ms. Gebbie was the commissioner of the Washington state Department of Health for three years and was working on her Ph.D. in nursing when the White House invited her to be the AIDS Policy Coordinator after several candidates, including Gov.
Prosecutors said Friday that after that reduction, the terms of the plea agreement call for a sentence in the United States of 76 months to 103 months, which could be reduced by as much as 15 percent for good behavior.
A court in Abu Dhabi has already sentenced Naqvi to a 14-year term, and it is not clear whether he will face prison time abroad after completing his sentence in this country.
O.J. SIMPSON WILL STAND TRIAL, JUDGE RULES LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-HEARINGS-550(2takes)-NYT) O.J. Simpson was ordered Friday by a Municipal Court judge to stand trial for murder, just hours after an expert testified that his blood closely matched a drop of blood found where his former wife and one of her friends were slashed to death.
But even after that, his testimony seemed to constitute a strong showing for the prosecution in the case.
He performed the autopsies on Ms. Simpson and Goldman two days after their deaths.
Despite having no customers until after the satellite reached its orbit, Anselmo's Panamsat Corp.
None of it seems to have discouraged the gruff and habitually unorthodox entrepreneur who drives to work in a black Rolls-Royce and lives in a Greenwich mansion modeled after one in Versailles, France.
Hughes gave Panamsat permission to back out of the deal within 12 months after construction got under way, provided Anselmo agreed to pay the construction tab up to that point -- about $28 million.
``That would have been devastating for the prosecution if the judge had granted the motion to suppress,'' said Clayton (Buzz) DaVega, who recently retired after serving 33 years as a California prosecutor.
Now on the day that the defendant returned from Chicago, Detective Vannatter makes the observation that after having seen the left-handed bloody glove left at the crime scene that clearly came off during the struggle, which is what allowed him to get the cut that left the blood drops to the left of the footprints and found the blood left -- the blood drops on the driver's hand door, he sees the defendant with a bandage around his middle left finger.
Third, the right-handed mate to that glove is found on the defendant's property at, I think it was mere hours after the crimes were committed in a dark, narrow area, obviously where there was some clandestine activity designed to hide evidence, during which time it was inadvertently dropped.
And that discovery was made after Kato Kaelin indicated he heard the three thumps against the wall.
It was only when 15 minutes later, after Park had just seen a black person -- 6 feet, 200 pounds -- walk quickly up the drive and into the front door that the intercom was finally answered by the defendant.
Immediately after that person entered the house, all the lights went on.
Proctor, the head of the state agency that oversees New York City's finances, announced his resignation on Friday after more than four years in the post.
PANAMANIANS DON'T WANT HAITIANS PANAMA CITY, Panama  (BC-HAITI-PANAMA-410(2TAKES)-NYT) In the neighborhood known as El Chorrillo, destroyed but only partly rebuilt after the American invasion of Panama in 1989, Orlando Gil and his neighbors were in a celebratory mood Friday, delighted that their government had decided not to allow the United States to bring Haitian refugees here.
Manuel Antonio Noriega in a vote in May 1989 and took office after the invasion.
1, criticized Endara's handling of the situation after the agreement collapsed Thursday.
Endara announced the offer of a safe haven for the Haitians after a phone conversation on July 2 with Clinton and discussions with American diplomats, but without consulting legislative leaders here, who were deeply offended at being left out.
During the building of the Panama Canal, for instance, the United States bought thousands of English-speaking blacks from the West Indies to do much of the most dangerous and physically demanding work, promising they would be repatriated after the project was finished.
Johnson said that for a period after Kennedy's death, he stayed in seclusion.
``This is in my opinion the greatest natural disaster that has ever hit the state of Georgia,'' Joe Tanner, commissioner of the Georgia Department of Natural Resources, said after seeing the flooding here.
The retailer, based in Secaucus, N.J., said it had filed a reorganization plan after obtaining $100 million in financing from CIT Group/Business Credit Inc., a unit of CIT Group Holdings Inc.
(Jack Manning/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT1) ST.-MARC, Haiti -- July 8, 1994 -- HAITI-REFUGEES, 7-7 -- Gladys Paul lost two sons after the boat on which they were trying to flee Haiti capsized.
However, unlike Polly, who was discovered dead two months later, the 12-year-old Lodi girl was found, nude and shaken, in a vacant field 22 hours after being abducted.
Ehrenhalt, the regional commissioner of the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor, said, ``Fundamentally, the region is coming around after a long time in the wilderness.'' In New York City, for example, the unemployment rate for June was 8.5 percent, compared with 8.4 percent in May.
(Jack Manning/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT1) ST.-MARC, Haiti -- July 8, 1994 -- HAITI-REFUGEES, 7-7 -- Gladys Paul lost two sons after the boat on which they were trying to flee Haiti capsized.
(Jack Manning/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT1) ST.-MARC, Haiti -- July 8, 1994 -- HAITI-REFUGEES, 7-7 -- Gladys Paul lost two sons after the boat on which they were trying to flee Haiti capsized.
(Jack Manning/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT1) ST.-MARC, Haiti -- July 8, 1994 -- HAITI-REFUGEES, 7-7 -- Gladys Paul lost two sons after the boat on which they were trying to flee Haiti capsized.
But I have a problem with Gil Garcetti interrupting Friday afternoon's press conference to stress how fair and objective his office has tried to be after he stated in a widely seen TV interview that he thought Simpson would admit to the killings but would claim he wasn't responsible for his actions.
He neglected to mention what a golfer should do after he snaps one of those clubs over his knee and tosses another in the lake.
Congratulations to Jeff Lukas for reporting to work again after a courageous recovery.
ARMY REINSTATES LESBIAN COLONEL AMID COURT BATTLE SEATTLE  (BC-CAMMERMEYER-SPI) Margarethe Cammermeyer, the decorated Army nurse who was discharged from the Washington National Guard after disclosing that she is a lesbian, was reinstated Friday by the U.S. Army acting under a court order.
Hemphill's selection is an attempt to quiet the anger and frustration expressed by many Baptists after Dilday's dismissal, said Robert Sloan, dean of the newly created Truett Seminary at Baylor University in Waco, Texas.
``This is not to favor one candidate or another,'' Giuliani said after his meeting with Rosenbaum Friday morning.
Watt joined the hospital in 1968 after graduating from Brooklyn College and receiving a master's degree in social work from New York University.
Sellers retired in 1972 after serving on the staff of the Chief of Naval Operations.
After serving as an army doctor at Omaha Beach and in the campaigns that followed he stayed in Europe after the war looking after the Nazi defendants at Nuremburg.
In a move that seemed difficult to justify, particularly to Cangelosi, the Mets assigned their reserve outfielder to their Class AAA franchise in Norfolk, Va., and activated outfielder Kevin McReynolds immediately after Cangelosi cleared waivers at 2 p.m. Friday.
O.J. SIMPSON WILL STAND TRIAL, JUDGE RULES LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-HEARINGS-1STLD-WRITETHRU-NYT) O.J. Simpson was ordered Friday by a Municipal Court judge to stand trial for murder, just hours after an expert testified that his blood closely matched a drop of blood found where his former wife and one of her friends were slashed to death.
But even after that, his testimony seemed to constitute a strong showing for the prosecution in the case.
He performed the autopsies on Ms. Simpson and Goldman two days after their deaths.
Inside the family's apartment Friday, the 17-year-old cousin, Wendy Puntiel, said she took Yelitza and her own 2-year-old sister, Joselyne, to the supermarket Thursday evening after the toddlers had been inside all day.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Initiative 610 was sponsored by Oregon Citizens Alliance and modeled after an initiative defeated in Oregon two years ago.
O.J. SIMPSON WILL STAND TRIAL, JUDGE RULES LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-HEARINGS-2NDLD-WRITETHRU-NYT) O.J. Simpson was ordered Friday by a Municipal Court judge to stand trial for murder, just hours after an expert testified that his blood closely matched a drop of blood found where his former wife and one of her friends were slashed to death.
Under California court rules, a trial must be held within 60 days after arraignment, and District Attorney Gil Garcetti of Los Angeles said the prosecution would be ready to start in mid-September.
But even after that, his testimony seemed to constitute a strong showing for the prosecution in the case.
He performed the autopsies on Ms. Simpson and Goldman two days after their deaths.
District Attorney Gil Garcetti said after the ruling that prosecutors had not yet decided whether to seek the death penalty, and he acknowledged it will be hard to find an impartial jury.
``We will be ready to go forward.'' Prosecutors rested their case after submitting 31 pieces of evidence.
Boseman, who averaged 4.4 points but made a defensive impact, can practice with the team but will not be allowed to participate in games until after Dec.
``How many (of those) had a bloody glove found on their property merely hours after the murders occurred?'' she demanded.
``The glove clearly came off during the struggle and he got cut,'' Clark said, noting police observed a cut on the knuckle of Simpson's left middle finger the day after the slayings.
I was a kid who'd had some success in New York,'' said Cone, who joined the Mets the year after their 1986 World Series victory.
Cone admits to going in the stands and venting anger after being told by DiGiola that the women were verbally harassing another player's wife.
But then, slowly, methodically and agonizingly for those same fans, the gorgeous picture that Perez had created while not allowing a hit after the first inning crumbled and the 2-0 lead no longer stood so tall.
Bernie Williams' single to center past a drawn-in infield with the bases loaded scored the decisive run after pinch-hitter Jim Leyritz tied the score with a chopping infield single.
It was shocking because Perez had retired 15 straight after Rex Hudler's single in the first.
That, at least, is what this juror came away thinking, after serving on a case that taught me more about our system than any reports or studies or even faithful viewing of TV's ``Law and Order'' ever did.
A murder warrant was issued for Abequa on Thursday, a day after the Parsippany-Troy Hills police found Ms. Abequa's body hidden under her bed and covered by piles of clothing, Murphy said.
The sister went to the apartment again Wednesday morning after learning Ms. Abequa had failed to appear at work on Tuesday, Murphy said.
Lt. George Harris, who had supervised Brambles, said that he left on injury leave as of December 1993 after suffering stomach problems while working as a West Los Angeles Division detective.
SHAVING CUT LEAVES TRIATHLETE WITH FLESH-KILLING INFECTION LOS ANGELES  (BC-FLESH-EATER-2Takes-LADN) A 35-year-old triathlete at Sherman Oaks Burn Center is battling a rare flesh-killing bacteria after contracting it through a shaving cut on his leg during a bike ride.
``Most of the times we've seen it, it comes after abdominal surgery and infection has set into the abdominal wall,'' said Grossman, who is also the founder and director of the Burn Center.
``I could ride on that kind (of lead) until the end.'' Offerman was shipped to Class AAA Albuquerque on June 27 after his batting average fell to .210.
At shortly after noon Saturday the Korean Central News Agency, the country's official mouthpiece, issued a seven-page announcement of Kim's death.
Carter said on Wednesday that Kim told him at the time that he planned to ``remain active for the next 10 years.'' The renewed talks with the North, after a year of brinkmanship that seemed for a while to be veering toward a new confrontation between North Korea and the West, began in Geneva on Friday.
Kim was installed by Stalin shortly after the end of World War II.
Shortly after the official creation of the Democratic Peoples' Republic of Korea in 1948 he consolidated his power.
The simmering dispute developed into a crisis last month after North Korea removed plutonium-rich nuclear fuel rods from a reactor at Yongbyon without international supervision.
Like so many other times, though, Smith appeared to right himself after the first frame and pitched six scoreless innings before Josias Manzanillo started the eighth.
Jim Lindeman followed suit, but his base hit landed in front of charging right fielder Raul Mondesi, who alertly threw to Rafael Bournigal after noticing Brogna lazily rounding second.
Thompson's right shoulder had been bothering him almost immediately after he was activated off the disabled list last week.
``I saw the pain in his face after a few days,'' said manager Dusty Baker.
It broke a 2-2 tie in the sixth inning, and it came moments after Bonds hit his 23rd.
Without the power of Bonds and Williams, the Giants would have wound up on the short end Friday night against Valenzuela, who was making his third start of the year for the Phillies after spending the early part of the season in the Mexican League.
I thought it might go away after that pitch, but I felt it on the next one, too.'' That is when Witt probably made a mistake and kept his pain to himself.
Maybe it would have been smart to say something after the pitch to Ripken, rather than wait,'' said Witt.
``Looking back, I wish he would have come out after he felt it,'' said La Russa, obviously displeased.
If you sit outside now, you have to be ready to get up and run.'' Bridgeport's decision to dismantle the project comes years after the Father Panik Village became a national symbol of both urban decay and the failure of large public housing complexes.
It was later renamed after the Rev.
Under the rule, these businesses can remain open until 3 a.m. on weekends and 2 a.m. on weekdays, but cannot admit customers after 1 a.m. on Friday, Saturday and Sunday mornings.
``There is great public outrage at what is happening,'' London said after the court session, attributing the recent rise in arrests to both increased bar business and stepped-up enforcement.
Kodak, a plainclothes officer in the unmarked police car, hopped out and sprinted after the car and told the driver to get off the curb, Marchese said.
The driver, who was not identified Friday night, was finally issued a summons for failing to obey a police officer and released, after several members of the group promised to help police find the man who pushed to officer, Middlemiss said.
Conventional wisdom holds that any Senate hearings on his case will be delayed until after the November elections.
He says the moment of revelation came in January in Oregon after he delivered a speech about health care.
That is, after all, the same bunch of children who, too young to read, know how to channel-surf and scan the news.
Parents who prefer ``The New Adventures of Mother Goose'' (``Three kind mice, see how they run! They all ran after the farmer's wife,/ they took out some cheese,/ and they cut her a slice.'') are in endless flight from something, sometimes reality.
Most attention, however, has been focused on the filmmakers' contributions to the war effort via celluloid propagandizing intended to build public morale in favor of America's involvement -- after that involvement was initiated.
Most are rather specific: What's he been up to since taking that controversial nine-year interlude after winning Moscow's Tchaikovsky Competition in 1958 -- the first American to do so?
Although he appeared guilty to much of the rest of the country -- after all, his fingerprints were found on the scope of the rifle used to murder Evers -- Beckwith's first two trials ended in hung juries.
Prune rambler roses by cutting out old canes at the base after they flower.
The vivid pink flowers of Verbena Silver Ann have a fragrance that wanders, intensifying after sunset.
Will he go after Sika?
``Here was a guy two weeks after his daughter's killing -- shaking, nervous, throwing up, losing weight, just like I had been,'' Walsh recalled.
Last week, decades after his FBI staunchly defended the American home front against the Kremlin (and dragged its feet about organized crime), his successor signed an agreement that ushers in an era of civility between the FBI and the post-communist rulers in Moscow.
Just days after the outgoing president, Guillermo Endara, agreed to receive as many as 10,000 Haitians on Panamanian soil, he abruptly canceled the arrangement.
And now, nearly three years after Ms. Bergalis died, after her poignant story began to fade, she is back in the news again, the subject of a recent report on the CBS News program ``60 Minutes'' entitled ``Kimberly's Story.'' This time, the story had a different tone.
Though the tickets for this gala cost between $250 and $1,000; though there were many listeners in formal wear, with a Japanese dinner and fireworks after the concert, and though there was a sprinkling of celebrities (most notably Steven Spielberg, who had come to hear the world premiere of a cello concerto by John Williams), the hall and the music within it never seemed eclipsed by the social occasion.
We have been living with them for 27 years, after all.'' Mohammed Abdelhadi, a middle-aged owner of a car repair shop in Jericho, put it this way: ``I don't want to fight any more.
Throughout the five days here, Arafat heard delegation after delegation of Palestinians ask him to get relatives out of jail, fix the inadequate roads and power lines, and lift the economic depression.
It was telling that shortly after he arrived, Arafat announced that he would live in the highly politicized Gaza Strip -- not in far more docile Jericho, the West Bank agricultural town and winter resort where he had first planned to make his home.
The media didn't create the story but chased after it, and the vast majority of teen-agers who didn't get to Woodstock had to wait months to see the movie and listen to the album that documented the festivities firsthand.
Not after the Mollen report.
Soon after the Mollen Commission got under way two years ago, the Captains Benevolent Association filed a lawsuit in an attempt to have the commission dissolved.
Plagued by injuries, including a torn ankle ligament, Clark drove in only 20 runs after the break and finished with 106.
They throw the ball 90 miles an hour and we rush them through Double A and Triple A.'' But the opposite happens more often than not, and a year after expansion, when teams are still trying to fill pitching holes, they grasp at developing but unprepared youngsters like Rick Helling (Texas), Arthur Rhodes (Baltimore), Tim VanEgmond and Gar Finnvold (Boston), Salomon Torres (San Francisco), Darren Dreifort (Los Angeles) and Paul Shuey (Cleveland).
Although the Yankees are in first place after a 12-year absence from post-season play, they have become a dull, colorless team that has no appeal to the fans.
Sammer, the hard-tackling, two-way midfielder, has become even more important since Stefan Effenberg was sent home after the first round for gesturing obscenely at fans after the South Korea game.
The other possibilities are Andy Moeller, whom Vogts dropped from the starting lineup for erratic play after two games, and Maurizio Gaudino, a newcomer to this veteran team who hasn't played yet.
Dahlin has also become a key player for Moenchengladbach, the club he joined in 1991 and recently agreed to stay with for two more years, after rejecting an offer from Everton of the English Premier League that would have raised his pay from $375,000 a year to $620,000.
Though he joined the national team two years after his teammate, he said that he never viewed Dahlin as a role model.
Most teams have two reporting dates, generally allowing veterans to report a few days after the rookies.
Thus, what happens to the dominion once the Gerry and Bernie show finally closes will affect a crucial section of New York -- Times Square -- which, after years of fits and starts, seems on the brink of extensive redevelopment.
They faithfully re-elect one another year after year.
I won't talk about it.'' In an interview some years ago, Jacobs said: ``Of all the things in the world I think the least about, it's what happens after you die.
``And he suffered from the fact that 22 out of 24 hours a day he had more liquor in his system than he should have.'' Year after year, particularly after blockbuster hits like ``Fiddler on the Roof'' had run their course, the theater business lost money, propped up only by income from real-estate holdings.
Around this time, an article in The New York Times disclosed that a Shubert Foundation grant to the Yale School of Drama was sharply reduced after Goldman complained that Yale was not buying paint from a concern he owned.
The day after he was indicted for the third time, the Shubert board severed him from his duties.
It is only a few pages into Genesis, after all, that the reader is confronted with Cain.
One black student, Cristina Smith, lost a friend who was shot to death a year ago after an argument with another teen-ager over a girl.
Simpson talked to police after returning from Chicago without his then-attorney Howard Weitzman, who since has said he advised Simpson against the interview.
In 1991, the United States, Britain and France set up a safe haven in northern Iraq to allow the 1.5 million Kurds who had gone to Turkey and Iran after their failed uprising to return home.
``When the refugees first arrive they ask for the things all refugees ask for,'' said a U.N. relief official, ``food, shelter and medical services.'' ``But after a few days we notice the requests change,'' the official said.
But he said in an interview, ``I think there is a high possibility.'' Christopher and Vietnamese Foreign Minister Nguyen Manh Cam will be in the Thai capital to attend consultations among 18 nations on security matters after the annual foreign ministers' meeting of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
Now he would not dare play that card, for after 12 years in office, Gonzalez's psychological grip on Spain is fading.
He is, after all, a dedicated Europeanist who has often seemed bored by the day-to-day grind of domestic politics.
He gradually lost his hearing during his playing days, after a freak accident in batting practice in which he was struck by a batted ball.
It's like getting right back on a horse after you've been thrown.
One time I'm getting needled by some fan at third base and I turned to Rizzuto at short and said, `Too bad I didn't get hit in the right ear, then I wouldn't have to hear this guy.' '' But the hearing got progressively worse, although it had nothing to do with his leaving baseball after the 1960 season, at age 32.
``He pitched again after I hit him but he was never the same again,'' said McDougald.
``I could see him recoiling after he threw, rather than following through as he had before.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) The Haitian military took over the country after ousting the elected president, the Rev.
Some officials voice confidence that if there is a vote after an invasion, Congress will endorse the move because lawmakers want to be seen as supporting servicemen who are risking their lives.
Or he lets the U.S. stay and we become responsible for whatever retribution he takes against his opponents.'' Democrats say they are puzzled why Republicans so vehemently oppose invading Haiti after they backed President Reagan's invasion of the tiny Caribbean island of Grenada in 1993 after a leftist overthrew another leftist there.
While Ukraine and Belarus have had brief periods of sovereignty in the past, the question of independence is much sharper in Ukraine, where the more nationalist western half of the country was Sovietized only after World War II.
``I think after a while it became rather boring for him.'' Shortly before dawn on Sept.
``I had nothing to do with it, other than I was in the wrong place at the wrong time.'' Immediately after the raid, Kasden said he asked Mitnick what he knew about the search, and Mitnick told him: ``Oh, don't worry about it, It is no big deal.'' The day of the raid, Mitnick showed up at Teltec and quit.
Later, after Kasden read the FBI affidavit, he asked Mitnick again about the raid.
``I saw him a few times after that, and then he was gone,'' Kasden said.
After failing to pass a budget until 69 days after the start of the fiscal year, the session ended in such disarray that Gov.
Would require hepatitis B immunizations for children born after 1993 before they enter kindergarten.
He promised a fresh start after the demoralizing years of investigations that uncovered graft on a huge and unexpected scale and brought down the postwar political elite.
Kim's sudden death shocked the seven summit leaders, but Clinton said he was confident that talks on North Korea's suspect nuclear program that only started on Friday would resume after the Korean leader's funeral.
Clinton told reporters that the North Koreans asked the U.S. negotiating team to stand by in Geneva after they got the news of their leader's death.
Not only has the chamber board begun meeting at Elysium in recent months, so has the community's disaster preparedness committee, which formed after the Jan.
Harvey Haddix.'' As the baseball year's necrology droned over the public-address system, you had to wonder if Mickey Mantle, standing in the Yankee dugout with his Yankee cap over the chest of his pinstriped uniform with ``7'' on the back, was thinking about what one of his doctors told him after an exam early this year.
Not long after his release, the third oldest of his four sons, Billy, who was named for Billy Martin, died of a heart attack at age 36.
Hank Bauer remembered him as a rookie in 1951 who lost a fly ball in the sun during spring training after flipping his sunglasses down too soon.
``I told him, `You got to find the ball before you flip down the glasses,' '' Bauer said, ``and he said, `Casey didn't tell me that.' '' Casey Stengel was his manager for 10 years, but Yogi Berra was the Yankee manager in 1964 when Phil Linz was playing ``Mary Had a Little Lamb'' on his harmonica on the team's chartered bus outside Comiskey Park after the White Sox had swept a four-game series.
Now the oyster harvest is all but gone, a casualty of successive parasitic blights that wiped out the native oysters and clams after World War II.
JAPANESE PRIME MINISTER STILL IN ITALIAN HOSPITAL NAPLES, Italy  (BC-JAPAN-PREMIER-NYT) Japan's new prime minister, Tomiichi Murayama, missed the Group of Seven sessions Saturday as he rested in a hospital after intestinal troubles Friday night, Japanese officials said.
 (BC-EDIT-KOREA-NYT) Kim Il Sung's death comes at a critical moment, just days after he had personally eased mounting tensions over North Korea's nuclear program by moving to resume talks with the United States.
President Clinton struck the right note, expressing appreciation for Kim's role in recent days and reassuring the North that he wants a continuing and ``personal'' dialogue with his successor after an appropriate hiatus to mark Kim's passing.
Shortly after noon in Tokyo on Saturday, the official North Korean news media reported that Kim, 82, had died at 2 a.m. Friday after suffering a heart attack.
The talks, in which the United States is seeking to persuade North Korea to open its nuclear installations to international inspections, got off to a cordial start and offered some promise after the mounting tensions recently.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The negotiations came about after former President Jimmy Carter visited Pyongyang last month and sought to mediate the dispute.
West Germany had the strength to support a collapsing East Germany after the fall of the Berlin wall.
Goldman said in 1991, after her claim was upheld in court.
It is the Legislature, after all, that must pass a constitutional amendment twice before it goes before voters for final approval.
Volker also questioned the timing of Cuomo's proposal, which came four days after the Legislature ended its session without passing most of Cuomo's crime agenda, including legislation requiring life in prison without parole for three-time violent offenders.
The foundation began promoting needle exchanges in this country after seeing such operations in Europe.
Though their host, Prime Mininster Silvio Berlusconi, may have been upset by word Saturday that his brother will stand trial on corruption charges, he seemed buoyant after Italy defeated Spain, 2-1, in Saturday's World Cup match in Foxboro, Mass.
``One country said that this could complicate -- if we raise another trade issue now, that approval of GATT in his country was not a foregone conclusion.'' President Francois Mitterrand, asked to explain France's position, said, ``Instead of a too-rapid return to GATT issues, it would be prudent to wait for completion of the ratification process.'' But he said that France would be ready for further discussions next year, after ratification.
But after nine stories, cats manage to get into a position that somehow cushions the impact of landing.
So short-distance fallers often end up with severe head trauma, broken bones and internal injuries, while cats that fall 30 stories may suffer little more than a split palate or bloody nose when their head strikes the sidewalk after their body lands.
Garvey testified in an armed robbery case in Brooklyn several years ago after a bullet he removed from a Great Dane's chest became evidence in the case.
The city agreed to the delay after advocates for the poor sued the city, claiming that the staffing cuts would deny thousands of people their benefits.
``Violence is the No. 1 issue in the state of California today,'' Ms. Feinstein said in an interview on Friday after examining confiscated weapons at the San Bernardino County sheriff's office.
Christopher was awakened almost immediately, while Clinton was not told of the news until he arose after 6:30 a.m. because ``there was no immediate decision to be made,'' a senior administration official said.
The goalkeeper from Sampdoria in Genoa said later, ``Had we lost, I might have been blamed.'' Instead, Pagliuca made half a dozen acrobatic saves under heavy fire in the second half, including the rarely used knee save on Julio Salinas, after Pagliuca had committed to leaping off the ground in anticipation of a high chip shot.
Jose Luis Caminero tied it for Spain in the 59th minute when his shot from 17 yards away and slightly to the right found the back of the net behind Gianluca Pagliuca, who returned after sitting out his two-game suspension from FIFA, soccer's world governing body.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) A few Italian journalists were furious that Sacchi brought back Pagliuca for this game after Luca Marcheghiani played so well against Mexico and Nigeria.
Although they were trailing at intermission, the Spaniards had the territorial advantage in the first half, an advantage that they increased considerably after intermission.
SUSPECTS IN MANHATTAN JEWELRY ROBBERIES ARE ARRESTED NEW YORK  (BC-NY-JEWELRY-ROBBERS-ARREST-400&ADD-NYT) Two men who stalked plush restaurants and boutiques on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, stealing more than half a million dollars in jewels in eight robberies over the last year, were arrested late Friday after being identified by an acquaintance who knew them from billiard halls, the police said Saturday.
O.J. DRAMA ALSO SERVES AS A LESSON IN JUSTICY SYSTEM  (BC-COURT-LESSON-KAN) Day after day, we've been mesmerized by the televised courtroom saga of O.J. Simpson.
 (BC-SIMPSON-TRIAL-2NDTAKE-NYT) Another fight is also expected to emerge -- or re-emerge -- over evidence collected by detectives hours after the killings at Simpson's estate, before they had secured a search warrant.
Five years ago, he pleaded no contest to a charge of spousal battery after Mrs.
In addition to all that, the defense team has to contend with Simpson's three-hour statement to police given the day after the killings and four days before he was charged.
 (BC-KIM-OBIT-2NDTAKE-NYT) Kim Il Sung was born shortly after the Japanese began their 35-year occupation of Korea.
But when he reappeared in Korea in late 1945, after the Soviet Union was already administering the area, it was in the uniform of a Soviet major.
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea was created officially in September 1948, after the United States organized the first government in the South, the Republic of Korea.
He was surprised when, five days after his soldiers began streaming across the 38th parallel, President Harry S.
The high-level talks with the United States started on Friday in Geneva after the Great Leader had already suffered his heart attack.
 (BC-KIM-OBIT-2NDTAKE-NYT) Kim Il Sung was born shortly after the Japanese began their 35-year occupation of Korea.
But when he reappeared in Korea in late 1945, after the Soviet Union was already administering the area, it was in the uniform of a Soviet major.
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea was created officially in September 1948, after the United States organized the first government in the South, the Republic of Korea.
He was surprised when, five days after his soldiers began streaming across the 38th parallel, President Harry S.
The high-level talks with the United States started on Friday in Geneva after the Great Leader had already suffered his heart attack.
The loss was the Yankees' seventh in their last 10 games and did nothing to ease the questions about which direction the team will take after the All-Star break.
The right-hander left after the seventh, allowing four hits and four walks while striking out seven.
As it was arriving, Tom Durkin, the track announcer, intoned a switch in his customary call that ``the horses have reached the starting gate.'' This time, with no loss of cadence, he intoned: ``Ladies and gentlemen, the starting gate has reached the horses.'' The top handicap star of the West Coast, the 5-year-old horse The Wicked North, was reported recovering Saturday after arthroscopic surgery to remove a bone chip in his right front ankle.
Ironically, Branco would not have been in the lineup, except that Leonardo was suspended from the remainder of the World Cup after a vicious elbow to the head of American midfielder Tab Ramos in Brazil's 1-0 victory over the United States on Monday.
The stocky Brazilian forward penetrated the penalty area only twice in the first half, missing wide right after a cross from the wing by Jorginho, and leaving a heel pass for defender Aldair that also skidded wide of the right post.
A Miami developer, Joel Gamel, and partners bought the 172-unit Pier 3 for a reported $8 million from the PNC Bank after it took back the property.
sold the property after it took over Bell Savings and Pantelides acquired it earlier this year.
There's a entire life after gymnastics.'' Davis has accomplished a lot in a short amount of time.
``It makes workouts harder, to keep coming in day after day, training hour after hour,'' she said.
Kellee began gymnastics at age 9, about five years after most serious gymnasts start.
``It was just something to keep her busy after school,'' she said.
And after our ads ran, the phones in Congressman Hoagland's office were ringing off the hook.'' One advertisement says the consequences of all the Democratic health care plans would be ruinous: ``tax increases, job losses, less money in your pocket to spend the way you want to spend it.'' Groups that support changes in health care, like the AFL-CIO, have also run advertisements here, but they have been dwarfed by those opposing the kind of changes sought by President Clinton, especially his goal of coverage for all Americans.
``I hear these sad stories about people without coverage and I feel terrible,'' Ms. Johnson, a first-grade teacher, said after a neighborhood gathering with Hoagland on M Street.
All they need to know is that I attend the University of Texas and I play football for the University of Texas,'' Adams says, as caller after caller takes him to task on the radio.
The latest in what Adams contends is a series of misunderstandings came after his arrest June 25 on suspicion of a felony assault against an Austin policeman and a misdemeanor assault against a UT coed.
Lovell Pinkney and I ``are very outspoken about the things we want, and maybe people on the team and (fans) can't deal with that.'' The dormitory water fight in the spring of 1993 that led to his one-year suspension from Jester Center, after which Adams moved into a South Austin apartment with his best friend, Pinkney, who was expelled from the dormitory because of the incident.
He remains close to Ozee, whom he called shortly after his arrest.
I'd have wanted to have the same thing happen for me here at Texas.'' Adams ripped the coaching staff after a loss at Louisville in the third game, complaining of being reduced to an offensive ``decoy.'' ``You've got two of the best wide receivers in the nation -- what's the point in not throwing the ball more?'' Adams said.
``If he did, all you had to do is threaten to tell his mom, and he'd straighten right up.'' Adams' mother, Chris Pearson, has been upset with the news accounts after her son's jailing.
Not once did I ever see him use violence.'' FUN TURNS TO TROUBLE Adams' off-season of unrest after Texas' 5-5-1 season began with his decision to leave school.
We all have tempers, but I don't think I have that kind of temperament.'' ``I thought, `Why is this happening to me?''' The police reports detailed how Enriquez arrived on the scene after hearing a woman, Lucaraino, scream, then being pinned by her shoulders to a brick wall by a man in the 400 block of East 8th Street.
It said Adams was arrested after he began punching Lucaraino in the head and chest.
``But,'' said Jones, who triggered Johnson's departure after five seasons by making derisive barroom remarks about his coach at the NFL spring meetings in Orlando, Fla., ``Jimmy is the ex-coach.
Not only does the league want parity by making us draft last, but they send all the other teams after our free agents.'' Other NFL teams' desire to insert a Cowboy into their lineup took some bites out of their trademark depth.
``You respect him after you meet him because he earns it.'' Even where there has been attrition, the Cowboys have been spectacular in filling holes.
Most reporters thought they had taken it rather easy on him, considering what he was actually contributing to the team and the gall of his June 1 tantrum after being asked to bunt ahead of pitcher Ramon Martinez.
It was only after I was being shown the door as a shortstop that I made the switch.'' But the Dodgers never seriously inquired, the younger Hoffman said.
Clark and her broker, Gerry Jo Cranmer, of Turpin Real Estate in Far Hills, toured other properties after she had seen River Run Farm.
the Board of Education school desegregation case, said there is a crisis in education and the issue must be ``put on the top burner again.'' ``Forty years after the Brown decision struck down segregation, discrimination in public schools is alive and well,'' he said.
Burden remarried, leasing the house to John Jacob Astor VI, who had been born in 1912, shortly after his mother, Madeleine Astor, was rescued from the sinking Titanic.
The Convent of the Sacred Heart bought the building in 1938, five years after acquiring the Kahn mansion.
``I think old times are coming back a little bit,'' Lukas said after posing for winner's-circle pictures with, among others, Jeff Lukas, who returned to work at his father's barn late last month while recovering from a December accident.
Serena's Song, purchased for $150,000 as a yearling by owners Bob and Beverly Lewis of Newport Beach, has won two straight races by a combined 14{ lengths after a pair of mid-pack finishes at Churchill Downs.
Lukas, second to Bill Mott in the national trainer standings after the July 4 weekend, will move closer to the top spot he held for 10 years before landing at No.10 in a miserable 1993.
No, you can't talk to the U.S. players after their game with Brazil.
``These guys are powerhouses over there, and they're tearing us up,'' the Giants' Barry Bonds said after the 9-3 game last year.
The two were tied after 14 holes until Watson birdied the 17th, forcing Nicklaus to gamble for a birdie on the 18th.
For the first time I really believed in my ability, after beating Nicklaus at Turnberrry, that I could play with the big boys.
``It was becoming the old style, with the crowd starting to charge after our shots were hit,'' Watson said.
Then, after they both parred 14, Watson ran in a 60-foot birdie from off the fringe on the par-3 15th.
I was initially appalled by this suggestion, mainly because after my experience with Mr. Cellular, the last thing I need is a golfer inputting data after each hole.
Ismail, who didn't join the team until September of last season after leaving the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League, is expected to report early.
CRACK ADDICT ADMITS ABANDONING HIS CHILD AT SUBWAY STATION NEW YORK  (BC-CRACK-FATHER-NYT) A Newark, N.J., man was arrested on Saturday after admitting that he had abandoned his 2-year-old daughter at a Bronx, N.Y., subway station on Tuesday because he was too high on crack to take care of her, the Transit Police said.
Davis is accused of leaving his daughter, Shyrissa Mills, at a token booth in the Gun Hill Road station after telling the clerk on duty that he had found the child, Russo said.
One possible missed offside call against Brazil, just before Bebeto's goal gave his team a 2-0 lead on the way to a 3-2 victory, raised a question after the game.
The Dutch defenders appeared to stop for a moment after seeing Romario's position behind them.
Then, after an interim tour of six months by Richard J.
Ward said that after he left the department the practice was ended.
Star forward Dennis Bergkamp breathed life into the Dutch when he scored on a right-footed punch one minute after Bebeto's goal.
COTTON BOWL'S CUP FILLED WITH WORLD OF DANCING DALLAS  (BC-SOC-LEBRETON-COLUMN-TEX) And so, after three weeks of sweating and molting in the Cotton Bowl sun, this is what it comes down to: We samba.
The Dutch leave the Cotton Bowl in clear anguish over a second Brazilian goal that the losers claim was scored after Romario was offside.
And against Belgium in the round of 16, the Germans won 3-2 -- after leading 3-1 at halftime -- but looked flat in doing so.
And after workouts on Friday, it remained uncertain whether -- or how much -- he would play today.
Their victory over Mexico on Tuesday, 3-1 on penalty kicks after the teams tied 1-1, was hardly inspiring.
``To be able to do that after two or three days where I felt like I was struggling at the plate, well, that's what makes it special,'' Butler said.
	In his first novel, the author probes the tormented underside of affluent society in a Phoenix suburb after one of the local high school students violently takes his own life.
``The Russian bear is not going to force ourselves into the full Group of Eight until it is deserved,'' Yeltsin said magnanimously after his meeting Sunday with President Clinton.
Longoria says he began playing after his father got him a $10 accordion from a pawn shop in Ramonsville, Texas.
``They thought I did it on purpose.'' The show continued after he put the instrument back together with a few match sticks.
Longoria says he began playing after his father got him a $10 accordion from a pawn shop in Ramonsville, Texas.
``They thought I did it on purpose.'' The show continued after he put the instrument back together with a few match sticks.
A Spelling sitcom, ``Madman of the People,'' starring Dabney Coleman, will take NBC's valuable Thursday-night time slot after ``Seinfeld.'' But the two new offerings of the Spelling Premiere Network may be more reminiscent of his hits from 10 or 15 years ago.
One old law, however, was omitted from O'Connell's bill and left intact when it turned out not to be obsolete after all.
Hunt, his self-confidence undimmed after almost a decade behind bars, said in a telephone interview with the Los Angeles Daily News that he was looking forward to the renewed media interest he predicted will eventually surround his pursuit of a new trial.
But her final judgment of him is not appealing: ``The trouble with my father, as with other gods, is that he can accept responsibility on levels both cosmic and commonplace -- like deciding how the world or a bunch of flowers should be arranged -- but he falls down on the job in between, where the lives of the people around him come into the picture.'' In her epilogue, which recounts what became of everyone after she grew up, she appears at first to have gone her father's radical way.
She writes that ``he passed on to me his obsessions about justice and truth,'' although ``they remained abstract for lack of a place or power to believe in the way he had.'' She adds: ``There seemed to be no country with any special purchase on virtue -- except China and Cuba when their revolutions were new and untainted and the people worked as one, with uncommon energy and joy, for the common good.'' But after moving to London, raising two children of her own, publishing four books (``A Room in Moscow,'' ``Freedom Summer,'' ``Flowers of Emptiness'' and ``Living With War: A Belfast Year'') and giving up on her marriage to the writer Bernard Pomerance because ``in sour moments I think of marriage as an institution between cannibals in which the woman is the meal,'' she encounters Dan King once again.
As the leader of the Festina team, he should have been saving himself for Monday's long individual time trial, the first big rendezvous of the tour after a week of stages meaningless in the big picture.
That was more than enough to put him in the yellow jersey if the breakaway had held the margin, but the 172 other riders stormed after the four ahead.
People assume it's dangerous.'' In fact, Armstrong is dangerous and has been since he turned professional right after the 1992 Olympic Games in Barcelona.
``The Russian bear is not going to force ourselves into the full Group of Eight until it is deserved,'' Yeltsin said magnanimously after his meeting Sunday with President Clinton.
``If the Fed waits until after the Humphrey-Hawkins testimony on July 20, the probability of a half-point increase in the funds rate is greatly increased,'' Donald J.
The administration -- and the bond market -- will probably continue to be pestered by a weak dollar, analysts said, even after the Fed raises interest rates.
Next week it's Gina Schock of the Go-Gos, who comes to clean the apartment after Steven has done an elaborate Bob Dylan routine that also manages to incorporate impersonations of Johnny Cash and Mr. Ed. Once plugged into the gifted Banks' special imagination, there's no getting out.
It is to thwart attempts by anti-gay rights groups to broaden their base by going after black support.
``Lesbians and gays have gotten more visibility, especially after the gays-in-the-military issue.
Kruk, the left-handed-hitting first baseman for the Phillies, was literally laughing and bailing out on each pitch after that.
General Mills halted the distribution of millions of boxes of cereal products and quarantined 15 million bushels of stored oats it believed had been sprayed after being warned of the residue findings by federal regulators.
The John Hancock Freedom Regional Bank Fund announced last week that it would stop taking money from new investors after July 22.
FOR MILLIONS OF AMERICANS, LIFE WITHOUT HEALTHCARE IS A STARK REALITY  (BC-HEALTHCARE-UNINSURED-712(2TAKES)-NYT) At the age of 52, unemployed after an international career as a manager, Bob Hughes is astonished to find himself without health insurance and wishes Washington would do something about it.
That changed after Hughes left his last job in early 1992 as Southeast Asian sales manager for a petroleum equipment supplier, just as the company was going under.
Germany took over the European Union presidency on July 1, just after the European leaders failed at a meeting in Corfu, Greece, to pick a successor to Delors because of objections by Britain to a candidate backed by all the other member countries.
Tougher laws were proposed after the scandal, but it was not until Franz Steinkueler, one of Germany's most prominent union leaders, admitted insider trading in 1993, that momentum built for passage of a law making it a crime.
A significant shift took place in 1993, when Steinkuehler, who was then head of IG Metall, the largest German union, resigned after admitting that he had bought more than $600,000 worth of shares in Mercedes AG Holding, a division of Daimler-Benz.
At a joint news conference, with Clinton looking on in apparent displeasure, Yeltsin complained about ``very crude violations of human rights'' in Estonia, whose independence was accepted by Moscow in 1991 after more than four decades of Soviet occupation.
Two days after the death of North Korean President Kim Il Sung, the leaders also urged that whoever succeeds him ``remove, once and for all, the suspicions surrounding nuclear activities.'' Yet the statement did little more than reaffirm previous stances.
A Spelling sitcom, ``Madman of the People,'' starring Dabney Coleman, will take NBC's valuable Thursday-night time slot after ``Seinfeld.'' But the two new offerings of the Spelling Premiere Network may be more reminiscent of his hits from 10 or 15 years ago.
And after years of success, Disney's prized film division has recently encountered difficulties.
Last month, just hours after the National Assembly stripped him of his parliamentary immunity, a prominent French politician, Bernard Tapie, was arrested because information gleaned from telephone taps, authorized by a judge, suggested he planned to leave the country to avoid facing criminal charges.
``It is because of bad leaders,'' said Francis Siboman, a Tutsi farmer who escaped a mob in Ruganda, when asked to explain why violence suddenly exploded after so many years of living together peaceably.
Although Frank McGuinness' translation retains the flavor and formality of the late 19th century, the director, Sarah Pia Anderson, has set the production in the years just after World War II, presumably to illustrate that Hedda is a misfit for all ages.
The characters are, after all, among the play's least dynamic.
A survey commissioned by a group of United pilots after the union's 28-member council ratified the buyout proposal found that of the 1,750 fellow pilots who responded, 1,200 said they opposed the buyout.
During several days before and after the buyout collapsed, the value of UAL's stock fell by more than a third, as arbitragers saw the value of their investments drop by more than $500 million.
In addition to a 15.7 percent wage cut, the pilots agreed to more flexible work rules that would enable the company to set up a no-frills shuttle service fashioned after Southwest Airlines.
But United said that it would still have $1.5 billion in cash reserves after the buyout, among the richest reserves of any airline.
At a joint news conference, with Clinton looking on in apparent displeasure, Yeltsin complained about ``very crude violations of human rights'' in Estonia, whose independence was accepted by Moscow in 1991 after more than four decades of Soviet occupation.
Two days after the death of North Korean President Kim Il Sung, the leaders also urged that whoever succeeds him ``remove, once and for all, the suspicions surrounding nuclear activities.'' Yet the statement did little more than reaffirm previous stances.
In addition, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, or Freddie Mac, has begun lending money for multifamily buildings again after a three-year hiatus.
NORTH KOREA OFFERS TALKS ON ARMS BONN, Germany  (BC-KOREA-TALKS-NYT) A senior North Korean official told the United States on Sunday that his country would be prepared to resume talks about nuclear weapons after Kim Il Sung's funeral on July 17, senior Clinton administration officials said.
A senior U.S. official who briefed reporters aboard Air Force One on Sunday night as Clinton flew here from Naples, Italy, emphasized that the decision on when to resume the negotiations would not be made until the ``coming weeks,'' after Kim funeral.
A lot of people out there are scared for their lives.'' Several of the deaths from drive-by shootings last year occurred after bullets penetrated house walls.
Ms. Guy, who missed her graduation ceremony after giving birth to a boy, said she wants to go to college.
QUAKE-DAMAGED BUILDING DESTROYED IN BLAZE LOS ANGELES  (BC-FIRE-REDTAG-LADN) An abandoned apartment building in an earthquake-ravaged San Fernando Valley neighborhood was gutted when it caught fire shortly after midnight, officials said.
Long after most firefighters had left late Sunday morning, neighborhood residents strolled by the Casa Granada to see what was left of the building.
And after an evenly played, scoreless first half and a 1-0 lead taken on a penalty kick, the Germans had only to tighten the defensive screws for 40 minutes or so, and they would head for their predestined semifinal encounter with Italy.
Lothar Matthaeus, the German captain, playing in a record-tying 21st World Cup game, scored on a penalty kick in the 49th minute, after Letchkov was called for a high-kick foul against Juergen Klinsmann.
When I saw the kick, it was pretty much in the goal.'' Berti Vogts, who took over for Franz Beckenbauer as German coach after the 1990 triumph, said, ``We made two serious mistakes, and they punished us for them.'' The first, he said, was that the players in that wall did not jump, or not high enough; they could have deflected Stoichkov's free kick.
Regulators, he wrote, will pay extra attention to risks that come to the public's attention and, he noted, ``study after study shows that the public's evaluation of risk problems differs radically from any consensus of experts.'' Ralph Nader, the public interest lobbyist, who is one of Breyer's most vocal critics, has depicted him as instinctively distrustful of all government regulation and a servant of corporate interests.
When he met with Clinton in the Rose Garden after his nomination, he described himself as a people's lawyer.
Kim Young-sam, South Korea's reform-minded president, put his armed forces and police on alert after Kim Il-sung's death was announced as a precaution, but he also instructed his troops to avoid provocations.
It is as if the most overpowering pitcher in baseball history somehow sneaked back to short-season Class A ball a year after retiring from a certain Hall of Fame career in the majors, still firing strikes in this picturesque brand-new ball park.
``Some people just have natural God-given ability,'' Reid Ryan said of his father in a Texas drawl after pitching six strong innings in a no-decision against the Pittsfield Mets Sunday afternoon.
``I'm basically the same pitcher, molded after him.
``I've been around baseball my whole life and I've seen the game from the inside out.'' Ryan also admitted that he has consciously patterned his delivery after his father's.
Ryan eventually accepted a baseball scholarship to the University of Texas, but transferred to Texas Christian after pitching sparingly as a freshman.
It imports more from the United States than do most European countries, even after controlling for size, income and resources.
It is a paradox of his 40-year career in politics that having finally achieved a position of leadership after years of failed efforts, Gibbons seems like a holdover from a political era that saw its heyday in the 1960s.
He earns his living, after all, in Hamburg.
He is a star, after all, for Barcelona.
He is a cult figure, after all, with Sporting Lisbon.
As Branco stood in an interview tent next to the stadium after the game, a collection of arms, each with a cellular telephone at the end, extended toward the new hero as each of his words was transmitted abroad.
His success at such a potentially dangerous point in the tournament, after being inactive in the four previous games, reflects a depth of talent and experience that could help Brazil become the first four-time winner in World Cup history.
Treatment may be ineffective when judges decline counselors' recommendations that a batterer continue after the initial 26- or 32-week session.
Batterers still may be blaming their victim after a typical six- or eight-month weekly program, said Richie Cole, co-facilitator of batterers' groups with the Domestic Abuse Center.
On one occasion, three years ago, after he threw his wife on a bed and dragged her by the arms and hair, Armstrong said he decided he needed help.
They run the full spectrum -- lawyers, doctors, mechanics.'' Jim, a San Fernando Valley man who was ordered to attend a treatment program after slapping and choking his wife, said he is learning to control his anger.
She fell in love with me again, and we're happier.'' Chris, who also asked to be identified only by his first name, was ordered to attend a Northridge treatment program after throwing his wife to the ground.
As she entered the stadium, most of the record crowd stood, one section after the other, cheered and waved signs that said ``Go Jackie,'' and ``Welcome Home, Jackie.'' Festival veterans recalled Carl Lewis' homecoming in Houston in 1986.
On Sunday afternoon -- seven years after their first meeting -- Scott ran with Kersee for the first time in her career, taking the baton from Kersee for the third leg.
More than that, she has accepted her role as a pace- setter for her competition, and as an inspiration for those who will come after her.
``We have made a great tournament,'' Ravelli said, shortly after his team advanced to the second World Cup semifinal in its history.
If he missed the penalty, the game was over, and Sweden would advance to Wednesday's semifinal for a rematch with Brazil after a 1-1 draw in the first round.
He prefers something similar to American football, sudden death after a 30-minute overtime period.
``I don't like that at all,'' Ravelli said when it was over, after Sweden celebrated before the Stanford Stadium crowd with a well-deserved team bow.
Finally, Sweden prevailed despite losing its top player, Dahlin, to the heat and playing a man short for 18 minutes of overtime after midfielder Stefan Schwarz drew his second yellow card.
After playing ineffectively most of the game, Raducioui put Romania up by 2-1 in the 11th minute of overtime, pouncing on a loose ball after Sweden's Patrik Andersson misdirected a pass from Romania's Ilie Dumitrescu.
The son returns after an exile and struggles with himself over his responsibility to become the new king.
Berti Vogts, who took over from Coach Franz Beckenbauer after Germany's triumph in Italy four years ago, confirmed the rumor that he was considering resigning after the World Cup.
``You shouldn't talk about retirement 10 minutes after the game.'' Among those quitting was goalkeeper Bodo Illgner.
NOTRE DAME IS SAID TO BE JOINING THE BIG EAST  (BC-NOTRE-DAME-BIGEAST-NYT) Four months after Notre Dame's interest in the Big East was said to have lessened considerably, the Fighting Irish have been approved as the 13th member of the conference.
Notre Dame would join the league after what is believed to be a unanimous vote of the 12 members, including Rutgers and West Virginia, who were admitted last March 9.
The Mollen Commission, which issued its final report on police corruption last week after a two-year investigation, said it found a link between brutality and corruption.
Wright, who was selected after the sitting chief justice had recused himself from the case, wrote the opinion upholding the conviction.
Her sole experience in private law was as a summer law clerk at the same Little Rock law firm where Clinton years later also had his only stint in private practice, after his defeat in the gubernatorial race in 1980.
Under the ruling, the organization's profit is taxed at the normal corporate rate, but what remains after taxes can flow to the foundation and be invested to produce tax-free income for the foundation.
From 1975 until she retired last year, the executive director was Lynn Seidler, who got the job after being recommended by Seidler, her husband.
``By not doing anything, they're saying, `We don't care about this industry.' '' What, then, after the curtain comes down on the Bernie and Gerry show?
Peters retired last month after nearly 33 years as a machinist for Amtrak in New Haven and was given the traditional farewell of an explosion of railroad flares set up along the tracks where he drove his last locomotive.
``The only punishment was I got home late, and I had to tell my mother and father where I was.'' When Peters went to the employment office at New Haven's railroad station after high school, he was told the only job open was for a mail boy.
His has about 50 feet of tracks that snake through a town modeled after Oak Creek, Colo.
They ostracize, and leave cheese around.'' Carey's problems began soon after he joined the department.
He said that after the bank discovered a deficit in its own vaults at Revere it knowingly accepted ``stolen property'' -- money taken from other banks' deposits at Revere.
That is because of the vast layers of building regulations that must be met: separate codes for buildings that went up before and after 1968, fire safety codes, zoning ordinances, asbestos removal requirements, a law mandating access for the handicapped and dozens of other legal strictures.
AGENCY IS RENAMED GREENBERG SERONICK  (BC-BRIEFS-ADS-MEDIA-NYT) Rossin Greenberg Seronick of Boston has overhauled itself and changed its name to Greenberg Seronick & Partners after the departure of Jack Rossin, the former president and chief executive who left in April to open Jack Rossin Strategic Marketing in Newton, Mass.
	Jerry & Ketchum was awarded the account after a two-month review that was narrowed to one other finalist, Chiat/Day of New York.
It is full of good tips, for tournaments or otherwise: Players are expected to drag clay courts after matches or practice sessions, it is impolite to shy away from cheek-kissing, stay out of the train-station bathrooms in Prague.
Bill Walton was the star of that team and after UCLA took the Cougars apart in sections, I had some fun at the home team's expense.
On Sunday, North Korea's delegation to nuclear talks with the United States in Geneva said those negotiations would also be suspended, but seemed to suggest that they would be resumed shortly after Kim's funeral service, scheduled for next Sunday.
The Brazilians strolled coolly into Cal State Fullerton's Titan Stadium for a light workout Sunday, not long after learning Sweden will be their opponent in Wednesday's World Cup semifinal at the Rose Bowl.
It will mark his National Football League debut and return to the field after leaving the University of Oklahoma five seasons ago.
He placed 10th in the 1992 Olympics after fewer than three years of competitive weightlifting.
BULGARIA STUNS GERMANY 2-1 EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J.  (BC-SOC-BULGARIA-LADN) At first, the German players were stunned after losing to Bulgaria 2-1 in a World Cup quarterfinal game Sunday at Giants Stadium.
``You shouldn't talk about retirement 10 minutes after the game.'' One person who didn't seem to be overly distraught afterward was Egidius Braun, head of Germany's soccer federation.
The North Korean negotiator told his American counterpart the two sides could meet again after Kim's funeral, scheduled for Sunday, to discuss resuming the talks.
	In his first novel, the author probes the tormented underside of affluent society in a Phoenix suburb after one of the local high school students violently takes his own life.
Conventional wisdom holds that any Senate hearings on his case will be delayed until after the November elections.
He says the moment of revelation came in January in Oregon after he delivered a speech about health care.
That is, after all, the same bunch of children who, too young to read, know how to channel-surf and scan the news.
Parents who prefer ``The New Adventures of Mother Goose'' (``Three kind mice, see how they run! They all ran after the farmer's wife,/ they took out some cheese,/ and they cut her a slice.'') are in endless flight from something, sometimes reality.
Most attention, however, has been focused on the filmmakers' contributions to the war effort via celluloid propagandizing intended to build public morale in favor of America's involvement -- after that involvement was initiated.
Last week, decades after his FBI staunchly defended the American home front against the Kremlin (and dragged its feet about organized crime), his successor signed an agreement that ushers in an era of civility between the FBI and the post-communist rulers in Moscow.
Just days after the outgoing president, Guillermo Endara, agreed to receive as many as 10,000 Haitians on Panamanian soil, he abruptly canceled the arrangement.
And now, nearly three years after Ms. Bergalis died, after her poignant story began to fade, she is back in the news again, the subject of a recent report on the CBS News program ``60 Minutes'' entitled ``Kimberly's Story.'' This time, the story had a different tone.
The young Harold became interested in journalism after a local paper ran his stories about Christmas and Easter cantatas at local churches.
We have been living with them for 27 years, after all.'' Mohammed Abdelhadi, a middle-aged owner of a car repair shop in Jericho, put it this way: ``I don't want to fight any more.
Throughout the five days here, Arafat heard delegation after delegation of Palestinians ask him to get relatives out of jail, fix the inadequate roads and power lines, and lift the economic depression.
It was telling that shortly after he arrived, Arafat announced that he would live in the highly politicized Gaza Strip -- not in far more docile Jericho, the West Bank agricultural town and winter resort where he had first planned to make his home.
That's when he married Miss Vicky on ``The Tonight Show.'' Tiny became a national star after his song ``Tiptoe Through the Tulips'' shot to the top of the charts, which lends credence to rumors of a giant conspiracy in Dallas in 1963 and earthly visits by mind-controlling space aliens.
All but one are forward-looking -- the world after the collapse of the Eastern Bloc.
``For that kinda dough,'' I say to myself, ``I think it might be a nice gesture if my right fielder be instructed to go after everything he can get.
WORLD WAR II: AMERICAN GI  (BC-WW2-0717-ST.LO-(2takes)-COX) U.S. First Army troops seize the vital Normandy road center of St. Lo July 18 after an eight-day seige.
The curtain-raiser for Operation GOODWOOD -- named after a British race track -- is an air attack by 2,100 bombers that drop more than 8,000 tons of explosives on the German lines.
He will recover from his wounds, only to be forced to commit suicide after he is implicated in an attempt to assassinate Adolf Hitler.
Vilna, the capital of Lithuania, is captured July 13, after bitter street fighting.
Morison likens the attack to ``crowds swarming onto a field after a football game.'' The Japanese overrun the 27th Army Division's 105th Regimental Combat Team.
``...Men, women and children cut each others' throats; deliberately drowned, or embraced death by any means they could,'' Morison says, adding: ``Parents dashed babies' brains out on the cliffs, and then jumped over themselves; children tossed hand grenades to each other.'' It would be years, even decades after the war, before the last Japanese soldiers would walk out of the jungles of the Marianas and give themselves up.
They might have been off his staff for 20 years, but they are still incredibly loyal to him -- and he is to them.'' Office of Personnel Management chief Jim King remembered that Kennedy came to introduce him at his confirmation hearings -- 19 years after King worked on the senator's staff.
``It wasn't Potomac Fever,'' explained Kirk, ``I just was involved in important things, one after another.
Shortly after leaving Kennedy's staff, she co-authored a book on the legislative process.
(Stefan Doblinger/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT3) NEW YORK -- July 11, 1994 -- BBA-MCDOUGALD-PROFILE-2, 7-9 -- Gil McDougald accepting congratulations from Yogi Berra, left, after a 1951 home run.
McDougald left baseball after the 1960 season at age 32.
He lost his hearing during his playing days, after a freak accident in batting practice in which he was struck by a batted ball.
(Stefan Doblinger/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT3) NEW YORK -- July 11, 1994 -- BBA-MCDOUGALD-PROFILE-2, 7-9 -- Gil McDougald accepting congratulations from Yogi Berra, left, after a 1951 home run.
McDougald left baseball after the 1960 season at age 32.
He lost his hearing during his playing days, after a freak accident in batting practice in which he was struck by a batted ball.
(Stefan Doblinger/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT3) NEW YORK -- July 11, 1994 -- BBA-MCDOUGALD-PROFILE-2, 7-9 -- Gil McDougald accepting congratulations from Yogi Berra, left, after a 1951 home run.
McDougald left baseball after the 1960 season at age 32.
He lost his hearing during his playing days, after a freak accident in batting practice in which he was struck by a batted ball.
(Stefan Doblinger/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT3) NEW YORK -- July 11, 1994 -- BBA-MCDOUGALD-PROFILE-2, 7-9 -- Gil McDougald accepting congratulations from Yogi Berra, left, after a 1951 home run.
McDougald left baseball after the 1960 season at age 32.
He lost his hearing during his playing days, after a freak accident in batting practice in which he was struck by a batted ball.
 (BC-BAY-AREA-STRIKE-HNS) It was business as usual for BART's 255,000 riders Monday after a tentative labor agreement averted a threatened strike set to begin at 12:01 a.m. Following nearly round-the- clock talks that began Friday after two transit-worker unions soundly rejected BART's ``last best offer,'' BART board President Margaret K.
You read about them in the paper just about every day: Someone commits a murder just hours after an ``early release''; someone else sheds their electronic monitoring device to commit another crime.
We are seeing unacceptable damage at the present level.'' Accordingly, after six years of testing, the Park Service has launched a birth-control program that uses an injection to reduce the Assateague herd to 150 or fewer.
We are seeing unacceptable damage at the present level.'' Accordingly, after six years of testing, the Park Service has launched a birth-control program that uses an injection to reduce the Assateague herd to 150 or fewer.
``For a long time after I got here, I was nervous and scared.
``For a long time after I got here, I was nervous and scared.
Ms. Williams has been teaching design, both traditional and electronic, for a dozen years and has written at least seven books, ranging from ``Jargon, an Informal Dictionary of Computer Terms,'' the only dictionary readable from first page to last, to the exquisitely narrow ``Tabs and Indents on the Macintosh.'' ``The Nondesigner's Design Book'' is a 140-page introduction, with exercises and open-book quizzes, to typographical design, with numerous examples of party invitations, yellow-page ads, business cards and title pages, shown both before and after the principles of contrast, repetition, alignment and proximity have been intelligently applied.
Officials of the predominantly rural areas of Ulster County and Town of Saugerties spent much of the harsh Northeast winter holding hearing after hearing in sub-zero temperatures, agonizing over whether to allow the enterprise.
But how long the passion for soccer lasts after the final minute of the final game remains to be seen.
	RWANDA (Kigali, Rwanda) -- A week after the Rwandan Patriotic Front, the rebel Tutsi army took control of this capital, ending three months of deadly, daily bombardment, residents are slowly beginning to return to this city where it seems that almost every building has been shot at or shelled, and burnt-out carcasses of cars are everywhere.
Study after study has demonstrated that very, very few defendants actually avoid conviction and punishment because needed evidence was excluded form trial.
They like to wear stone-washed jeans and thermal underwear shirts, and they are given, regardless of age, to silly adolescent hijinks: throwing rocks at enemies' cars and getting into fistfights after a couple too many beers.
They were there, and -- after the politest of chases had ended at the Simpson estate -- to metaphorically rub shoulders with the public persona at a time of extremity.
The good news, the report said, was that a majority of the localities in the survey ended the 1993 fiscal year in the black for the second year in a row after three deficit-laden years, and 54 percent said they expect to have surpluses again this year.
The sudden appearance before the diplomatic community of the 52-year-old heir apparent capped a day in which North Korea began to return to normal after a frenzy of mourning over the weekend for its 82-year-old ``Great Leader,'' who had ruled the communist nation for nearly half a century until he died, apparently of a heart attack.
The German chancellor, Helmut Kohl, said after his talks with Clinton that his nation, now that it is reunified, was ready to assume the more assertive posture Washington is seeking.
	RESIDENTS BEGIN TO RETURN TO KIGALI 	KIGALI, Rwanda (NYT) -- A week after the Rwandan Patriotic Front, the rebel Tutsi army took control of this capital, ending three months of deadly, daily bombardment, residents are slowly beginning to return to this city where it seems that almost every building has been shot at or shelled, and burnt-out carcasses of cars are everywhere.
Officials of the predominantly rural areas of Ulster County and Town of Saugerties spent much of the harsh Northeast winter holding hearing after hearing in sub-zero temperatures, agonizing over whether to allow the enterprise.
``It looks like we are a people who are able only to be slaves,'' lamented Dmytro Pavlychko, a former deputy in Ukraine's parliament, expressing fears after Monday night's vote counting that Kuchma would subject Ukraine once again to Russian domination.
Still, scientists are hoping that a brightening of light reflected from Jupiter's moons, or shifting patterns of color in Jupiter's dense cloud tops, or ripples in the planet's atmosphere, or perhaps even some fiery plumes rising above the clouds after the celestial bombardment, will give them something to see.
Since the impact sites will rotate into view of the Earth within about 10 minutes after each chunk hits, the plumes might be visible.
``It was real nice and I'm so happy,'' the girl said after the ceremony.
Up here, they had sneaky ways of discriminating.'' At the reception, after toasts and the passing of a sacramental gourd as a symbol of unity, the 250 wedding attendees dug into barbecue ribs and chicken prepared by the bridegroom's uncle, Tom King.
He hopes to enter film school after high school; his idols are Jimmy Page, the Led Zeppelin guitarist, and James Dean.
Optional add follows.) Immediately after the Jonaissant decree was announced, U.S. Ambassador William Swing met with other diplomats from the so-called Four Friends of Haiti -- Canada, Venezuela, the United States, and France.
The good news, the report said, was that a majority of the localities in the survey ended fiscal 1993 in the black for the second year in a row after three deficit-laden years, and 54 percent said they expect to have surpluses again this year.
The match is part of the remake of ``Shell's Wonderful World of Golf Series,'' which will air on ABC after its Saturday telecast of the British Open.
The good news, the report said, was that a majority of the localities in the survey ended fiscal 1993 in the black for the second year in a row after three deficit-laden years, and 54 percent said they expect to have surpluses again this year.
The good news, the report said, was that a majority of the localities in the survey ended fiscal 1993 in the black for the second year in a row after three deficit-laden years, and 54 percent said they expect to have surpluses again this year.
Officials of the predominantly rural areas of Ulster County and Town of Saugerties spent much of the harsh Northeast winter holding hearing after hearing in sub-zero temperatures, agonizing over whether to allow the enterprise.
I couldn't sleep the night after O.J. Simpson's freeway flight, so I stayed up with Midge Keeble.
HUD SECRETARY CISNEROS HAS ASCENDED TO FIRST TIER IN CLINTON CABINET DALLAS  (BC-CISNEROS-1000(2TAKES)-TEX) Henry Cisneros sits quietly in the air-conditioned car on a searingly hot June afternoon, surveying row after silent row of empty, boarded-up barracks that once passed for housing.
``He's got any future he wants.'' Cisneros ascended to the first tier of the Cabinet after his highly visible role in the Los Angeles earthquake relief effort earlier this year.
Lord said everything he had seen in recent days suggests that policy will continue, and North Korean diplomats who met Friday with their U.S. counterparts in Geneva said they planned to resume those talks soon after Kim Il Sung's funeral this Sunday.
Questions about Cisneros' willingness to pursue a campaign continue to dog him, especially after the 1988 disclosure of an extramarital affair with a campaign worker.
He is, after all, a policy maven who is still very much a politician.
Crenshaw learned of the Indian Law Project after coming to Grand Prairie for residential drug treatment at the American Indian Center.
But after the Romanians had gone through their offensive specialists in the penalty-kick round, Belodedici's turn came.
You have to find unusual works every time, or everyone would sing along.'' The crisis at Lockenhaus came after the 10th festival in 1990.
The agreement comes several months after Met Life, the nation's second-largest life insurance company, agreed with a committee of state insurance regulators that improper sales tactics originating in its Tampa, Fla., office were widespread enough to justify a record $20 million fine.
People can enter a cholinergic state without going to sleep, said Dr. Edgar Garcia-Rill, a neuroscientist at the University of Arkansas in Little Rock, in an interview after the Boston meeting.
Astronauts on the Mir space station could use it to study the effects of zero gravity on dreams: ``Do you still shift your body after coming out of a dream?
At the moment, her lab is devoting most of its energy to a candidate gene they have nicknamed Odo, after a character in the television series ``Star Trek: Deep Space Nine.'' They think it looks very promising, but Dr. King says it will take weeks, if not longer, to sort out what is going on with it.
THE WAR IS NOT OFFICIALLY OVER, BUT RESIDENTS BEGIN TO RETURN TO THEIR CAPITAL KIGALI, Rwanda  (BC-RWANDA-480&ADDS-NYT) A week after rebels took control of this capital, ending three months of deadly daily bombardment, residents have slowly begun to return, trudging up steep streets, pushing wheelbarrows stuffed with suitcases and rolled-up mattresses.
On Monday, a woman in her late 20s lay on a crude table after her right foot was amputated.
He went into hiding on April 7, the day after President Juvenal Habyarimana was killed in a mysterious plane crash.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Karuranga's one-story stucco house is only a few blocks from the presidential palace, and a few days after the crash, soldiers from the Presidential Guard went to the house.
Will it ever be possible to put the country back together again, after all the killing?
The German chancellor, Helmut Kohl, said after his talks with Clinton that his nation, now that it is reunified, was ready to assume the more assertive posture Washington is seeking.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) After talks on this theme between Clinton and Kohl at the German leader's office in Bonn, Clinton said at a news conference: ``We know from our experience how half of Europe was integrated through NATO and other institutions that built stability after World War II.
``When I hit my 33rd,'' Williams said, ``it didn't occur to me until the reporters mentioned it to me after the game.'' Williams, the Giants' third baseman, insisted he's not thinking about Roger Maris or Babe Ruth.
Tourists are coming in increasing numbers, particularly Americans no longer afraid to fly because of the threat of terrorism, which hurt business after the Persian Gulf war.
It has given researchers, ethicists, breast cancer activists and others ample time to consider what should be done after the gene is found.
The good news, the report said, was that a majority of the localities in the survey ended the 1993 fiscal year in the black for the second year in a row after three years of deficit-laden years, and 54 percent said they expect to have surpluses again this year.
Fregosi also named Tony Gwynn of San Diego to replace Len Dykstra (sidelined after an appendectomy) in the outfield as the National Leaguers attempt to halt their six-game losing streak in the midsummer battle for baseball's bragging rights.
Some TV talk shows featured radio talk show hosts talking about what their callers were talking about and wondering all the while if Simpson could possibly get a fair trial after all the exposure and the endless talk.
It had been during CNN's ``Larry King Live'' that the LA freeway pursuit started, and he followed the story night after night with every sort of guest who might have anything whatever to say on the matter, including, on one bizarre occasion, Patty Hearst.
``It was real nice and I'm so happy,'' the girl said after the ceremony.
Up here, they had sneaky ways of discriminating.'' At the reception, after toasts and the passing of a sacramental gourd as a symbol of unity, the 250 wedding attendees dug into barbecue ribs and chicken prepared by the bridegroom's uncle, Tom King.
The good news, the report said, was that a majority of the localities in the survey ended the 1993 fiscal year in the black for the second year in a row after three deficit-laden years, and 54 percent said they expect to have surpluses again this year.
The sudden appearance before the diplomatic community of the 52-year-old heir apparent capped a day in which North Korea began to return to normal after a frenzy of mourning over the weekend for its 82-year-old ``Great Leader,'' who had ruled the communist nation for nearly half a century until he died, apparently of a heart attack.
``It more or less seems like the day that Stalin died,'' said one East European diplomat, referring to the mobs that thronged Moscow after Stalin's death was announced on March 6, 1953.
Talks with the United States on North Korea's nuclear program have also been suspended for now, although American officials have expressed optimism that the talks can be resumed some time after the funeral of Kim Il Sung, which was scheduled for Sunday.
The diplomats said they were struck by the scene on Saturday, after Kim's death was announced.
On a per-screen basis, ``Forrest Gump'' looked far more impressive, averaging $15,330 on each of 1,595 screens as it brought its total after five days to $32.5 million.
``Wolf'' was No. 7, followed by ``Baby's Day Out,'' ``Wyatt Earp'' -- which suffered a 47 percent decline in its third weekend -- and, in 10th place, ``The Flintstones,'' which after seven weeks has grossed $116.8 million.
Questrom and Ullman will meet in the afternoon, after other Federated executives meet with Cyrus R.
In the months after the deal, the combined package of original Ralston-Purina shares plus targeted stock in Continental Baking languished at about $37, at a time when food stocks were generally flat.
PITTSBURGH, Pa.  (BC-BBO-LABOR-375&ADD-NYT) The head of the baseball players' union said Monday the players would have to think about not striking later this season if the owners pledged not to implement a salary cap after the season.
1 without an agreement,'' Richard Ravitch said at a news conference after one held by Donald Fehr, the players' labor leader.
The good news, the report said, was that a majority of the localities in the survey ended the 1993 fiscal year in the black for the second year in a row after three deficit-laden years, and 54 percent said they expect to have surpluses again this year.
There had been some doubts about the Spaniard's strength and speed because he finished third in the three-week Giro d'Italia in June after two consecutive victories in that race.
Worse, he failed to win a time trial after dominating the race against the clock in the Giro for two years.
Thierry Marie, another Frenchman with Castorama, was fourth, 4:45 behind, and Chris Boardman, the Englishman who rides for the Gan team and who wore the yellow jersey for three days after he won the prologue on July 2, was fifth, 5:27 behind.
``I have to admit that Indurain was stronger today,'' he said after the time trial.
The road became gentler after that, its curves tamed and its surface smoother.
Exactly one week, another Tuesday, after the mini-uprising in Atlanta, Dwight Gooden was suspended for 60 days for violating his drug aftercare program.
Or would they find some reason for hope after the All-Star Game break?
The Mets swept the Giants, and after Jason Jacome, a left-handed rookie, pitched a complete-game shutout in the opener of the Los Angeles series, the trip was guaranteed to be a success.
``We don't want to be stuck where we are.'' Make no mistake, though, all is not stable in the Mets' clubhouse, not even after the West Coast trip.
``This volatility in the dollar always gets overblown and if you stay the course despite the pendulum you can more than make up for losses in the upcoming weeks.'' In the biggest movement on breaking news, McKesson climbed 24}, to 98, surging nearly 34 percent and topping the New York exchange's most active list, after it said it had agreed to sell its health care services unit to Eli Lilly for $4 billion.
shares plunged as much as 42 percent in morning trading, after the maker of computer networking equipment posted a loss for the third quarter.
The crowd should be in Brazil's favor, and so should stamina, Sweden having gone through overtime and penalty kicks on Sunday, while Brazil rested after its engrossing 3-2 victory over the Netherlands on Saturday.
But after Andres Escobar of Colombia had died for simply putting a ball into his own net, the answer didn't seem particularly funny.
Its cumulative gross after 12 days of release is a wan $17.5 million.
But after playing it out through ``Mystic Pizza,'' ``Pretty Woman,'' ``Sleeping With the Enemy'' and ``Dying Young,'' the by-then mega-successful Roberts had to move beyond upward mobility romances.
``The current privatization scheme will be stopped within days after I become president,'' Lukashenko said during the campaign.
Gillers wrote that after examining the eight Superfund decisions in which Breyer was involved, ``I see no evidence that the decisions in Judge Breyer's cases could have had a direct and substantial effect on his interest in a syndicate that has insured against the risk of liability for environmental pollution.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
Then, after an upbeat report on June sales last week, investors shed their doubts and aggressively bid up the stocks on Thursday.
Breyer was nominated by President Clinton in May, 37 days after Justice Harry Blackmun announced his retirement on April 6.
The optional vests were introduced after the Los Angeles riots three years ago.
Some lifeguards have taken to wearing them on Friday and Saturday nights, when the crowds can get rowdy after they are asked to leave.
The commission has insured that the ocean and the wet sand will remain a curfew-free zone, where people can still swim, surf, fish, walk and run after hours -- if they are already in the zone when the lifeguards and the police announce that curfew has arrived.
It was, after all, only July.
After declining steadily for three years, the charges moved up in April, after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates.
They said it only made it into the Finance Committee's bill after the Senate majority leader, George Mitchell, who opposed the measure, changed his vote to break a 10-10 tie that was threatening to block action on the entire bill.
Doris Quinn, who has a long involvement in women's issues in Missouri and is a founder of the state's Women's Political Caucus, cautioned that the women's community must remain united after the Aug.
IN THE EAST, THE UNEXPECTED BECOMES ROUTINE  (BC-SOC-WCUP-SURPRISES-507&ADD-NYT) The theme was sounded after the first round: This is a World Cup full of surprises.
His flamenco-like dodge of the Spanish goalie to score in the 88th minute gave Italy a 2-1 victory after Spain had dominated the second half.
They scored only on Lothar Matthaus's expertly driven penalty-kick and could not seize control after that, losing by 2-1 so that Italy's semifinal opponent will, unexpectedly, be Bulgaria.
It was no coincidence, Woods said, that the work came after the 1992 Year of the Woman, which saw the size of the Senate's woman membership expand from two to seven.
In August 1991, after an internal review ordered by Sessions, the FBI disciplined eight employees, including six managers and two field agents, one of whom was suspended for 21 days without pay.
Gary Taylor, the minister who comes here after holding services at New Hampton, gave two sermons, one for adults and a special one for the children who gathered about him as he sat beneath the pulpit.
Kennedy International Airport for many years after arriving from Mexico in the early 1970s.
The brothers started the company in 1990 after arriving from Peru.
 (BC-NY-HISPANICS-BIZ-2NDTAKE-NYT) Shortly after arriving from Cuba in 1982, Orlando Rodriguez went to work as a waiter at the White Plains Hotel.
The Ochoa brothers turned to their relatives shortly after they opened their store on Huguenot Street in New Rochelle.
This was, after all, the photogenic young attorney set up by the president to be the scapegoat for the scandal who, instead, helped hang his boss by his own tapes in star testimony before the House Judiciary Committee.
``Every year at the Passover Seder (the Jewish rite commemorating the Jews' freedom from slavery), it is always said that this story must be told to generation after generation so they will know what happened.
Clinton arrived here Monday night after a day of talks with Kohl in Bonn, lunch with Kohl in a hillside guesthouse outside the old capital, and dinner with Kohl in his small hometown up the Rhine.
Running away with the circus at age 14, he first cleaned up after the animals -- elephants, tigers and lions -- and as he grew older, he became a trained ``contortionist'' on horseback.
Horowicz moved to the United States in 1962 after his first wife died.
NOTRE DAME JOINS THE BIG EAST  (BC-NOTREDAME-BIGEAST-250&ADD-NYT) After all the blessings were finally received, after years of flirtation and subtle courtship that led to the cautious and secretive mating dance of the last few weeks, the Big East conference and the University of Notre Dame announced their marriage of convenience Monday.
And four months after the conference very nearly split over an emotional difference between its football and basketball interests, the addition of Notre Dame became a much-needed unifying force.
But ICSI took off in the United States only this year, after a number of American doctors and laboratory scientists were trained by the Belgians.
KUCHMA ELECTED PRESIDENT, PROMISES TO COOPERATE MORE CLOSELY WITH RUSSIA KIEV, Ukraine  (BC-UKRAINE-ELECT-450&ADDS-NYT) A former director of the Soviet Union's largest missile factory won Ukraine's presidential election on Sunday after promising to cooperate more closely with Russia and to speed economic reform.
Kravchuk, 60, took most of the votes in western Ukraine, which was only Sovietized after World War II.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Kuchma spent most of his career at Yuzhmash, the missile factory in Dnepropetrovsk, in eastern Ukraine, 300 miles from Kiev, which he took over in 1986 after two decades on the shop floor.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Svensson, a former Swedish player of the year, took over the national team in December of 1990, replacing Olle Nordin several months after the Swedes had faltered in the first round during the World Cup in Italy.
Svensson also tried to tinker with the defense, but after several unsuccessful experiments with man-to-man marking, he returned to the zone for good, and set to work melding his mix of foreign-based stars and Swedish-based professionals into a cohesive, versatile side.
Or from ``The Little Mermaid,'' which reached the $1 billion mark only after it was released in home video?
DOLLAR DROPS SHARPLY AGAINST GERMAN MARK WASHINGTON  (BC-DOLLAR-670&ADD(2TAKES)-NYT) The dollar posted one of its largest one-day drops on Monday against the German mark and edged down to another low against the Japanese yen, as the Clinton administration took no substantive steps to brake the dollar's monthlong fall and after the Federal Reserve left short-term interest rates unchanged.
``I wouldn't even try to foresee where the dollar will be in a week or two.'' The dollar plummeted to 1.5280 German marks in New York trading on Monday, from 1.5617 marks on Friday, after being as low as 1.5202 marks during the day.
Bentsen's remarks Friday were made after Clinton had set off a plunge in the dollar earlier in the day by saying he opposed quick action to help the currency.
Weinstein was eventually found alive after 12 days buried in a bunker in upper Manhattan.
Recently, the Department of Health and Human Services issued an internal report critical of Gallo, and the Institut Pasteur once again suggested that a suit might be filed if the institute got no redress from the new head of the NIH and the Clinton administration, after fighting for years with the previous administration.
In a report issued in April, the National Commission on Wildfire Disasters, set up after the devastating fires in Yellowstone National Park in 1988, endorsed this philosophy of intensive thinning followed by the use of small, controlled fires to burn out parts of forests throughout the West.
OFFICIALS VIE TO CUT THOSE BIG RIBBONS LOS ANGELES  (BC-TIPOFF-COLUMN-LADN) In the months after the Northridge Earthquake, a re-election-minded Gov.
When the Santa Monica Freeway (10) reopened, for example, Wilson made a last-minute appearance to remove freeway cones for the 11 o'clock news -- upstaging Vice President By comparison, the reopening of the interchange between the Golden State (5) and the Antelope Valley (14) freeways Friday came off as a low-key affair -- but only after much jockeying.
However, Wilson aides decided to just let the interchange open with no ceremony -- after they were unable to juggle the governor's schedule to get him to attend.
As Strom later told it, when he placed a collect call to his wife after the game and the operator asked if she would accept the charges, she replied, ``You bet I will,'' and then proceeded to give him a tongue-lashing that all but upstaged the hefty fine imposed by the league.
Other young feminist organizations, like Women's Action Coalition (WAC), are using in-your-face street action modeled after the AIDS activism of ACT-UP.
Brozman of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan, because it was reached after Leslie Fay filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
The agreement also calls for increased payments by the company into a benefits fund that provides health insurance for workers, eliminating a payment of $23 a month by each worker after the fund ran short last year.
Pomerantz, chairman of Leslie Fay, said it would help the company to return to profitability ``so that it can emerge from Chapter 11 as a strong and viable competitor.'' The tentative agreement was announced after the stock market closed.
Just after World War II, couture designers would charge stores a fee to see collections or allow them to purchase either a toile or a finished dress to be copied.
That was why Donna Karan took Rose Marie Bravo, the president of Saks Fifth Avenue, to task along with Ruttenstein after her fall collection.
Their clothes will be in the windows at Macy's for a week after the show, along with the runway video.
Aristide was sent into exile after a coup in September 1991.
The mission's mandate called for broad powers to investigate violations throughout the country, but it was diminished considerably after threats from army supporters forced the monitors to concentrate their work in Port-au-Prince, the capital.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) A few hours after the announcement, the ambassadors of the so-called Four Friends of Haiti -- a U.N. group conisting of the United States, France, Canada, and Venezuela -- met at a hotel here to discuss the order.
For the persnickety eater, it's a strange new world of food shopping, as I discovered after an hour of label gazing at a local supermarket.
For the persnickety eater, it's a strange new world of food shopping, as I discovered after an hour of label gazing at a local supermarket.
The condition reverses itself after return to Earth.
FOR GEORGIA, FLOOD CAUSES DANGER NOW, WOES LATER ATLANTA  (BC-GEORGIA-FLOOD-ART-700&ADD-NYT) Long after the muddy waters go down in Albany, after the stench of human waste and 300,000 dead chickens disappears from Montezuma, after workers start repairing 1,700 roads, 600 bridges and 100 dams damaged by last week's flooding, the Southeast's answer to last year's Midwestern flooding will continue to haunt this battered state.
In Albany, the Flint River, which split the town in half and drove a quarter of the city's 80,000 residents from their homes, finally crested Monday two days after officials had expected.
``It's a very difficult job and I made it much more difficult, and for that I apologize.'' The sentence, 14 years in prison with parole possible after 11, was just short of the maximum, a concession that Judge Wood made for the cooperation Dowd gave to the Mollen Commission that investigated the corruption in the department.
But it was a small concession, because prosecutors said Dowd had been useless as a witness in other corruption cases and had continued illegal activities even after his arrest.
The most dramatic of these was a plot to make a Butch Cassidy-style escape to Nicaragua to evade prosecution after his arrest.
Investigators at the hearing also detailed a host of crimes by Dowd, some as lowly as stealing food for the needy from a church, that he began committing only a year after he joined the police force in 1982.
They opened as Yasser Arafat, chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization, landed in Cairo after leaving Tunisia, home to the PLO for the last 12 years.
Soon after his move to SMU, Pye complained in an article in The New York Times that the press coverage of collegiate sports ``generally lacks balance and perspective,'' overemphasizing victories and losses, recruiting scandals, phony courses and the use of drugs.
NEW TAPE HINTS OF BRIBE IN COLOMBIA ELECTION BOGOTA, Colombia  (BC-COLOMBIA-DRUGS-TAPE-NYT) Almost three weeks after the release of tapes that tainted the presidential elections with accusations of connections with members of the Cali drug cartel, another, similar tape has surfaced.
Khin Nyunt did not set a date for the meeting and suggested that the timing could be decided only after further deliberations within the junta.
Diplomats and other Burmese officials said the meeting would almost certainly not take place until after a national constitutional convention reconvened in September.
In the 22nd year after his death in an airplane crash at sea as he was taking relief supplies from Puerto Rico to earthquake-ravaged Nicaragua, Clemente is being remembered and honored for the legitimate hero he was as a player and a humanitarian.
Instead, Mario Casciano, the foundation's director, spoke after the ceremony with Vera Clemente about working on a joint effort through Sports City to keep Puerto Rican children away from drug and alcohol abuse.
The hearing resumes Tuesday and is expected to end Wednesday after testimony from Thorne and Lawrence Korb, former assistant secretary of defense in the Reagan administration.
Thorne, 27, is currently serving on active duty in Arlington, Va., after being placed on reserve duty last year.
that when all the evidence is presented, maybe not in this courtroom, but eventually through the federal court system, I will be allowed to serve my country with the dignity and honor that all Americans should have,'' Thorne said at a press conference after Monday's session.
Take note, too, that attendance is up 6.5 percent after 47 dates this year, to 1.26 million, from 1.18 million.
He said it was worth more than $900 million, or $500 million after tax.
He did say that he doffed his cap immediately after being cheered for his performance, then turned it around on his head, ``because that's just me.'' I'm not going to change for anybody,'' he said.
The remaining $600 million of the purchase price will go to McKesson, which expects to have $400 million left after taxes and transaction costs to invest in new or existing businesses.
	MARKETS 	The dollar posted one of its largest one-day drops against the German mark and edged down to another low against the Japanese yen, as the Clinton administration took no substantive steps to brake the dollar's month-long fall and after the Federal Reserve left short-term interest rates unchanged.
	Coffee futures prices rose to an eight-year high after a second frost in coffee-growing areas of Brazil.
His announced intention was to send a proposed constitutional amendment to the Legislature for submission to the voters in 1995, well after the election.
One counselor saw promise in Tawanna Burrell, 19, who landed at Rikers Island after selling drugs and attempting to kidnap her infant son from her grandmother, who had custody of the boy.
The testimony, by Kevin Patrick Wacholz, whose professional wrestling persona was a convict called Nailz, came after three days of more general testimony about the use of anabolic steroids by Hulk Hogan and other professional wrestlers.
Perhaps the tantalizing thoughts of three straight days off after 36 games in 38 days had some Yankees thinking about fun and friends instead of first place.
``To realize we're capable of better and are still in first place is encouraging,'' said Showalter, after the Yankees reached the All-Star break with a 50-35 record.
When you're in first after the All-Star break, it's a clear chance.'' Showalter added: ``I'd rather be controlling our own destiny.
``It would be nice to do something with this group of guys,'' said Abbott, who figures to leave the Yankees as a free agent after the season.
His chief of staff called it a ``lease arrangement,'' where favored tenants did not pay rent until some weeks or months after they moved in.
Then after the game, when the Bulgarians were finished rolling around on the grass, posing for pictures and slapping hands with the small group of Bulgarian fans at Giants Stadium, a FIFA official entered Bulgaria's locker room to try and round up some of the heroes for interviews.
These darling Bulgarians seem to be laughing and singing about everything after Sunday's stunning win.
But after that opening game, Bulgaria defeated Greece, Argentina, Mexico and now Germany, outscoring opponents 9-2 and coming up with huge clutch plays.
Wells taught at Bryn Mawr College from 1923 to 1963, with time out for service as a U.S. official in Germany after World War II.
Gibney died after a long bout with brain cancer, according to Alan Kroll, a partner in Davis & Gilbert, the New York City law firm in which Gibney was a senior partner.
The foundation, named after the parents of A.M. Davis, the founder of the law firm, has financed construction projects at Hadassah Hospital in Jerusalem and at Technion University in Haifa.
BECK SURPRISED BY LATE INVITATION PITTSBURGH  (BC-BBO-STAR-NOTES-LADN) His second consecutive All-Star appearance came as quite a surprise to San Francisco Giants closer Rod Beck, who only got the invitation Sunday after Cincinnati pitcher Jose Rijo said he would be unavailable because of a sore right elbow.
``I'd like to get everybody in the game,'' Gaston said Monday after announcing New York's Jimmy Key would be his starting pitcher.
I wasn't surprised to get invited here after Daulton got injured (breaking a collarbone two weeks ago).
SPEAKERS AT NAACP CONVENTION BLAST PRESS CHICAGO  (BC-NAACP-HNS) Black leaders gathered here for the NAACP's 85th annual convention continued to pound the press Monday, as speaker after speaker led delegates in defending Executive Director Benjamin Chavis and his embattled administration.
PIAZZA FEELS LIKE A KID AT ALL-STAR GAME PITTSBURGH  (BC-BBO-PIAZZA-LADN) Dodgers catcher Mike Piazza arrived Monday at Three Rivers Stadium bleary-eyed after an all-night flight, having forgotten to pack his cap but not his humility.
And even when I'm struggling it helps, because it reminds you that you've come a long way and there's no reason to get too down on yourself.'' And now, after having to back up starter Darren Daulton last year, Piazza gets center stage tonight.
The Pirates seemed about ready to advance to the World Series after losing in the playoffs for two straight years.
And I get kind of stubborn at times and need somebody to get after me.'' This year, both new pitching coach Mel Stottlemyre and catcher Scott Servais have helped Drabek through his in-game problems.
-- July 11, 1994 -- RWANDA, 7-11 -- A week after rebels took control of this capital, ending three months of deadly daily bombardment, residents have slowly begun to return, trudging up steep streets, pushing wheelbarrows stuffed with suitcases and rolled-up mattresses.
(Stefan Doblinger/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT3) NEW YORK -- July 11, 1994 -- BBA-MCDOUGALD-PROFILE-2, 7-9 -- Gil McDougald accepting congratulations from Yogi Berra, left, after a 1951 home run.
McDougald left baseball after the 1960 season at age 32.
He lost his hearing during his playing days, after a freak accident in batting practice in which he was struck by a batted ball.
In the 1980s, fixed mortgage rates briefly dipped below 9 percent a few years after being in the 18 percent range in the early part of the decade.
-- July 11, 1994 -- RWANDA, 7-11 -- A week after rebels took control of this capital, ending three months of deadly daily bombardment, residents have slowly begun to return, trudging up steep streets, pushing wheelbarrows stuffed with suitcases and rolled-up mattresses.
(Stefan Doblinger/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT3) NEW YORK -- July 11, 1994 -- BBA-MCDOUGALD-PROFILE-2, 7-9 -- Gil McDougald accepting congratulations from Yogi Berra, left, after a 1951 home run.
McDougald left baseball after the 1960 season at age 32.
He lost his hearing during his playing days, after a freak accident in batting practice in which he was struck by a batted ball.
-- July 11, 1994 -- RWANDA, 7-11 -- A week after rebels took control of this capital, ending three months of deadly daily bombardment, residents have slowly begun to return, trudging up steep streets, pushing wheelbarrows stuffed with suitcases and rolled-up mattresses.
(Stefan Doblinger/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT3) NEW YORK -- July 11, 1994 -- BBA-MCDOUGALD-PROFILE-2, 7-9 -- Gil McDougald accepting congratulations from Yogi Berra, left, after a 1951 home run.
McDougald left baseball after the 1960 season at age 32.
He lost his hearing during his playing days, after a freak accident in batting practice in which he was struck by a batted ball.
-- July 11, 1994 -- RWANDA, 7-11 -- A week after rebels took control of this capital, ending three months of deadly daily bombardment, residents have slowly begun to return, trudging up steep streets, pushing wheelbarrows stuffed with suitcases and rolled-up mattresses.
(Stefan Doblinger/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT3) NEW YORK -- July 11, 1994 -- BBA-MCDOUGALD-PROFILE-2, 7-9 -- Gil McDougald accepting congratulations from Yogi Berra, left, after a 1951 home run.
McDougald left baseball after the 1960 season at age 32.
He lost his hearing during his playing days, after a freak accident in batting practice in which he was struck by a batted ball.
The guys still treated me like I was, but it was still hard coming (to practice) knowing I was going to sit here and not play with them.'' He spent six weeks in a cast, then another six walking on crutches after what was his first serious injury.
The two sides agreed to evaluate the issue again after that.
``Sometimes, after people work together, they can figure out long-term solutions that early on they can't figure out.'' Hevesi said that the two companies, which have been acting as advisers for the city since 1990, would continue to work together.
The mayor and the comptroller spoke with reporters after a meeting of the State Financial Control Board at which Giuliani received a sobering assessment of the city's fiscal condition.
READ THESE LIPS: THE STONES ARE ON A ROLL AFTER ALL THESE YEARS  (BC-STONES-CD-TEX) The Rolling Stones have made their best record in more than a decade, which comes as quite a surprise (Who, at this late date, thought they had it in their moneyed old bones?) and no surprise at all: The Stones have always made a point of releasing great stuff just before a major tour -- remember, if you will, '72's ``Exile on Main St.,'' '78's ``Some Girls'' and '81's ``Tattoo You.'' And, despite having their status as the world's greatest (or oldest, or most dogged, or something) rock 'n' roll band virtually chiseled in stone and more money than they know what to do with, Mick Jagger and Keith Richards have something to prove -- actually, several somethings: -- One, that they can actually still cut it after five years between studio records and Bill Wyman's defection.
``It will be a tough observational job.'' The first historic image of the collision is scheduled to be broadcast sometime late Saturday afternoon -- just hours after the first of almost two dozen large comet fragments hit Jupiter's atmosphere at 130,000 mph.
Instead, Strom simply walked the crutch back to Kerlan and calmly said, ``I can't believe you did that, Bob.'' To which Kerlan replied: ``I can't believe you made that call.'' That moment, to me, epitomized Earl Strom, who died on Sunday at the young age of 66, about six months after having surgery for a malignant brain tumor.
``Instead of going off and calling `T' after `T' after `T','' said Cotton Fitzsimmons, ``you might say to him, `Earl, I can't believe you made that call.' And he would say back, `You know, Cotton, I might have missed it ...' And then he would add with a wink, `...
He retired at the conclusion of the 1990 NBA Finals, after 29 years of patrolling the hardwood.
``This was a few years back, at the Garden, after I finished coaching,'' Auerbach said Monday.
Ferguson's death came only five days after her ex-husband, Danny Ferguson, an Arkansas state trooper, was named as a co-defendant in Paula Jones's sexual-harassment suit against Bill Clinton.
``He was excellent during the game and he was the key to our success during the penalty kicks,'' said Sweden coach Tommy Svensson after the match on Sunday.
It made me realize how much I truly love USC.'' Raveling said he came to his conclusion early Monday morning after conferring with university president Dr. Steven Sample.
The exception was Harold Miner, who was drafted by the NBA after his junior season.
He was named FIFA Player of the Year last season after scoring 17 goals for his club team, Juventus of Turin.
	Goodby, Silverstein was awarded the account after a three-month review that began with 24 agencies and was narrowed to 5 finalists: Goodby, Silverstein; Tracy-Locke; Temerlin McClain of Dallas; the Richards Group of Dallas, and Hal Riney & Partners of San Francisco.
BECK SURPRISED BY LATE INVITATION PITTSBURGH  (BC-BBO-NOTES-CORRECTION-LADN) His second consecutive All-Star appearance came as quite a surprise to San Francisco Giants closer Rod Beck, who only got the invitation Sunday after Cincinnati pitcher Jose Rijo said he would be unavailable because of a sore right elbow.
``I'd like to get everybody in the game,'' Gaston said Monday after announcing New York's Jimmy Key would be his starting pitcher.
I wasn't surprised to get invited here after Daulton got injured (breaking a collarbone two weeks ago).
Seattle's Ken Griffey Jr. powered the American League to a 17-11 victory by hitting seven home runs in the contest, in which anything short of a home run is an out and players are done after making 10 outs against batting practice coaches supplied by the host team.
Prosecutors have yet to say whether they will file charges against Cowlings, who was seen live on nationwide television June 17, driving a white Ford Bronco carrying Simpson across Southern California freeways hours after Simpson was supposed to turn himself in to police.
From a public relations view, he said, going after Cowlings for something that looks innocuous will seem like going overboard.
On the other hand, she pointed out that Garcetti has ``sort of boxed himself into a corner'' by going on television shortly after Simpson failed to turn himself in, pledging that anyone who helped Simpson evade police would be prosecuted.
Last summer, Henderson gained a similar label after struggling at a prestigious summer camp.
One year after becoming the first player to hit a fair ball off the B&O Warehouse behind the right field fence at Baltimore's Oriole Park at Camden Yards, Griffey hit four balls into the upper deck at Three Rivers while winning the eight-player competition Monday afternoon.
The near-capacity crowd roared with every one and gave him a standing ovation after his 10th and final out.
``I don't know any of the details around it,'' Jones said, ``but that needs to be worked out between Shelby and the authorities there in Phoenix.'' Hill was arrested last Monday and accused of pulling a gun after a dance floor confrontation with Cardinals linebacker Eric Hill in Scottsdale, Ariz.
Ferguson's death came only five days after her ex-husband, Danny Ferguson, an Arkansas state trooper, was named as a co-defendant in Paula Jones's sexual-harassment suit against Bill Clinton.
Where foreigners can help is on stabilization, by insisting that more aid will come only if Chernomyrdin first appoints a credible finance minister and then helps him push through a sound macroeconomic policy; after six months in the job, Sergei Dubinin is still only acting finance minister, which means he has no clout.
Moreover, the projects are in the territory that Israel annexed after it won East Jerusalem and the West Bank from Jordan in 1967.
Ferguson's death came only five days after her ex-husband, Danny Ferguson, an Arkansas state trooper, was named as a co-defendant in Paula Jones's sexual-harassment suit against Bill Clinton.
Where foreigners can help is on stabilization, by insisting that more aid will come only if Chernomyrdin first appoints a credible finance minister and then helps him push through a sound macroeconomic policy; after six months in the job, Sergei Dubinin is still only acting finance minister, which means he has no clout.
Ferguson's death came only five days after her ex-husband, Danny Ferguson, an Arkansas state trooper, was named as a co-defendant in Paula Jones's sexual-harassment suit against Bill Clinton.
Moreover, the projects are in the territory that Israel annexed after it won East Jerusalem and the West Bank from Jordan in 1967.
Never mind she did exactly as she was supposed to, going back to Brazil after a year in the U.S., during which time she had enrolled in college for classes beginning this summer.
The congressman even offered to give his personal assurance that she would return home after completing college.
(Bown) and me and the crew and the company.'' Bown said he was surprised because doctors told him after the accident the double vision would abate within six weeks.
But when the Panamanian government realized that it had misjudged the degree of opposition, it turned around and said it would not take refugees after all.
Dear Oracle Kelley: A Texas Department of Health employee has resigned in North Texas after a newspaper claimed that he falsely said he had been a Rhodes scholar, an Olympic medalist and a biochemist.
Within six months after Hayes was hired, renovation had begun on the Main Building, which sits perched on a hill overlooking downtown.
``When we talk about the history of St. Edward's, we talk about BP and AP -- before Pat and after Pat,'' said Robin Eanes, director of the university's Center for Teaching Excellence.
But after the Second Vatican Council attempted to make the church and spiritual life more accessible to all people, she felt she could contribute more outside the order.
A few weeks later, his maternal grandmother, Ernestine Cobb, died after an extended illness.
This was the second time Stanley has been rehired by the Department of Corrections after he was fired for alleged misconduct.
Watching the boy win tournament after tournament are his folks (Joe Mantegna and Joan Allen) and his tutor (Ben Kingsley).
Court records confirm Romello hired Kinney to work for his company, P.S.C. Inc., in 1982, and that they remained ``in touch'' after Romello sold his company in 1988 and returned to the CIA.
My own recollections are many and loving, but the most fun may have been when he would say, ``Roomie, let's go down to the post office and look at wanted posters, and I will buy you a lunch.'' Or when he would finish one of his lengthy pieces for the Post on a late afternoon after hunching over and writing in longhand for days.
We are seeing unacceptable damage at the present level.'' Accordingly, after six years of testing, the Park Service has launched a birth-control program that uses an injection to reduce the Assateague herd to 150 or fewer.
We are seeing unacceptable damage at the present level.'' Accordingly, after six years of testing, the Park Service has launched a birth-control program that uses an injection to reduce the Assateague herd to 150 or fewer.
``For a long time after I got here, I was nervous and scared.
``For a long time after I got here, I was nervous and scared.
Immediately after the GOP convention, Bush said he had not read the Republican platform but that he endorsed it in principle.
Immediately after the GOP convention, Bush said he had not read the Republican platform but that he endorsed it in principle.
He acted after France said approval of the project could further complicate its pending ratification of the latest global trade agreement.
``Look at every instance when Bill Clinton has been in an international forum,'' a senior Clinton adviser said after the Naples meeting.
One problem may be Clinton's attempt to seize the traditional role of U.S. president as international figure after campaigning almost wholly on domestic concerns.
He acted after France said approval of the project could further complicate its pending ratification of the latest global trade agreement.
``Look at every instance when Bill Clinton has been in an international forum,'' a senior Clinton adviser said after the Naples meeting.
One problem may be Clinton's attempt to seize the traditional role of U.S. president as international figure after campaigning almost wholly on domestic concerns.
He dropped the idea after the NAACP objected.
In his opening statement, Breyer was anxious to dispel the perception circulating in press reports prior to the confirmation that he is a legal-world elitist, somehow divorced from the experiences of average people after long years as a judge and a law professor at Harvard University law school.
He said he had been to Washington frequently on behalf of a piece of legislation in which he is particularly interested and, after many meetings with his two senators and two representatives, he is convinced that dealing with Washington is futile.
`INVISIBLE MAN' LOOKING GOOD  (BC-SWINDELL-BOOKSHOP-TEX) Three months after Ralph Ellison's death at age 80, the novel that is his immortality makes a new hardcover appearance.
But nothing has prepared me for the sight as I round a curve after several miles of nothing.
The Crown Hotel, a 23-room inn with a Georgian facade, was featured as the romantic backdrop where the two lead characters begin their on-screen affair after the first wedding.
When attacked, the men would send the women and children inside and, after pulling up the ladders, fend off their enemies from the roof.
The bright eyes she found were those of Paige Adriance of Marysville, then 8, who survived two wet nights in the woods near Snohomish County's Boardman Lake, after getting lost while camping with her father.
Just in the past few weeks, two teens were found after getting hopelessly lost and spending two nights on Mount Pilchuck; a 61-year-old man on a short day-hike with his dog spent the night near Tiger Mountain's Pooh Pooh Point; and a 14-year-old camping near Paradise Lake just outside Woodinville spent a wet night in the woods after getting lost on old logging roads.
``It was horrible weather and we were scrambling up a muddy gully,'' said Riehl, who found Paige after she heard a faint sound.
Haiti's action, Clinton said in Berlin, ``certainly validates the position we've taken so far that that's an option we shouldn't rule out.'' ``We have got to bring an end to this,'' Clinton told reporters after meeting with officials from Germany and the European Union.
She is devoted to her 17-year-old daughter, Tess, but after multiple divorces, she has all but sworn off men.
``Uncommon Women and Others'' grew from Wasserstein's Yale master's thesis, emerging full-blown in 1977, a year after she received her MFA.
Products, after all, are the meaning of life.
Some internal gyroscope let Bradley know at all times precisely where he was in relationship to the basket -- which was, after all, ground zero.
Now we're getting actual cash outlay down to maybe $15 or $20 an hour, after everything is calculated.
But after a month here, I begin to see reasons for self-confidence within this awesome (a fair phrase) country.
But it is remarkable to watch the fruit peddler aggressively seek the best possible price after he sizes up the consumer.
Cabernet sauvignon and cabernet franc were added to the merlot after fermentation to give the wine a longer finish -- which means a lingering taste -- and structure.
A.The biggest climatic adjustment you will have to make will come after you leave the high 60s of Lima, Peru, and sail into Port Stanley, capital of the Falkland Islands.
These will be listed just after the nonstops in the early part of the computer display and before the ``connections'' listings.
	The New York State Thruway Authority, which operates the canal, reinstated tolls when the canal reopened in May after being closed for the winter.
More women die of heart attack than any other disease (it generally occurs after menopause), ``but women's symptoms are taken much less seriously'' by doctors than they are in men because women act more stoical while suffering crushing chest pain that radiates down the left arm, said cardiologist Dr. Rita Redberg of UCSF.
Society's image of a heart attack is fashioned after one seen in men, the same description taught in medical school, she said.
	From the Brandenburg Gate, that soaring symbol of a fractured Europe that his predecessors railed against, Clinton faced east in celebration and told some 50,000 Berliners who thronged the Paiser Platz that he rejoiced with them that ``Berlin ist frei!'' 	Coming nearly five years after the Berlin Wall fell, this visit of an American President seemed belated to many.
``I named the rabbit Billary after the president and his wife,'' said Emma who says she wants to be a zoo keeper or veterinarian when she grows up.
For a while, after she gave up meat, Emma Blumer would still eat fish sticks.
(STORY COULD END HERE; OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Many gaps in information about women's health exist because women of childbearing years are excluded from studies of drugs, not only because of legal liabilities but because of a protective cloak applied by society after thalidomide was found to cause limb malformations in newborns and diethylstil bestrol (DES) was found to cause cancer of the vagina in the female children of women who took it.
The pack appeared 1:55 after the victor and there was just one change in the overall standings as Gianluca Bortolami, an Italian teammate of Rominger's with Mapei-Clas, moved from fourth place to third.
Bortolami finished fifth after a long four-man breakaway was ignored in the heat by all save three chasers.
``The Extraterrestrial,'' proclaimed the daily sports newspaper L'Equipe, using the word first applied to him by a rival, Gianni Bugno, after the Spaniard overwhelmed the pack in the first time trial in the 1992 tour.
``He just killed me, blew my head off,'' said the Motorola rider, who left two minutes before Indurain in the race against the clock and was passed after 10 of the 40 miles.
	Administration officials, while uncertain how much public excitement can be generated in the middle of the summer, describe the caravans as an effort to duplicate the successes of the 1992 campaign, when Clinton, Al Gore and their wives went on a six-day bus tour immediately after the Democratic National Convention.
Tuesday's loss came after hours of sometimes passionate debate over the bill's merits and amid several prominent Democrats' assertions that the failure to back the legislation amounted to an end to workers' basic right to strike.
He hopes to enter film school after high school; his idols are Jimmy Page, the Led Zeppelin guitarist, and James Dean.
For decades after its introduction in the 1960s lithium was the only effective medication for manic-depression.
The president, rushing to the disaster scene the morning after returning from an eight-day trip to Europe, is to begin his inspection trip with a helicopter tour of the vast flood area.
``Some live for 15 years after they are found to be HIV-infected,'' Smith says.
The president, rushing to the disaster scene the morning after returning from an eight-day trip to Europe, is to begin his inspection trip with a helicopter tour of the vast flood area.
The state and San Antonio agencies serving adults and children with HIV-AIDS now receive federal money under that law, named for the courageous teen-ager who died from the disease after going public with his battles.
They're after music that still seems unspoiled but that just might catch on if more people hear it.
The president, rushing to the disaster scene the morning after returning from an eight-day trip to Europe, is to begin his inspection trip with a helicopter tour of the vast flood area.
Moreover, as the jurors deliberated, they could hear the shouts of street demonstrators, reminders of the eruption after an all-white jury acquitted the white police officers who were seen on another famous videotape beating Rodney King, a black man.
Those who watched the proceedings, televised in their entirety day after day, listened to a slow accretion of circumstantial evidence: the sales clerk who sold a knife, the limo driver who got no answer at the house, the police officer who found blood on the driveway.
Jury pools have been culled in big cities after publicity almost as widespread -- and as erroneous and irrelevant -- as that in this case.
Veruca Salt -- named after the character in the book ``Charlie and the Chocolate Factory'' -- has an album coming out this fall produced by Brad Wood, who worked on Ms. Phair's stunning ``Exile in Guyville.'' There's only one drawback.
For the persnickety eater, it's a strange new world of food shopping, as I discovered after an hour of label gazing at a local supermarket.
For the persnickety eater, it's a strange new world of food shopping, as I discovered after an hour of label gazing at a local supermarket.
ANTI-GAY CAMPAIGNS FAIL IN 8 STATES, BUT RIGHTS GROUPS ON GUARD WASHINGTON  (BC-GAYS-HNS) Gay rights groups said Tuesday they were ``relieved but not relaxed'' after Christian conservatives failed to place anti-gay initiatives on eight of 10 state ballots.
The Colorado measure is before that state's Supreme Court after a lower court ruled it unconstitutional.
Tuesday's advance in stock-index futures was the result partly of a technical recovery after Monday's sell-off, said Dick Halford, a Kansas City Value Line trader.
Korean and Japanese officials, for example, said that as in the United States, too few students enroll in vocational education programs, primarily because parents prefer that their children enter college, not the work force after graduating from high school.
The most important ingredient, after the fish, is the lemon.
Special operations commandos aboard the warships are trained to begin evacuating Americans six hours after receiving an order from the White House, the military said.
The Haitians, after all, have only 11 armored personnel carriers, nine artillery pieces, 36 mortars and 20 anti-tank guns, according to the Pentagon.
Some TV talk shows featured radio talk show hosts talking about what their callers were talking about and wondering all the while if Simpson could possibly get a fair trial after all the exposure and the endless talk.
It had been during CNN's ``Larry King Live'' that the LA freeway pursuit started, and he followed the story night after night with every sort of guest who might have anything whatever to say on the matter, including, on one bizarre occasion, Patty Hearst.
Current employees will have the option of remaining government workers after it is privatized, but future employees will not be civil servants.
Seven months after the bitterly contested trade pact with Mexico and Canada took effect, statistics from the U.S. Department of Labor show little evidence that Americans are losing jobs amid a ``giant sucking sound'' that Perot predicted.
CLIBURN BACK HOME AFTER BRIEF ILLNESS LOS ANGELES  (BC-CLIBURN-ILL-LADN) Van Cliburn returned to his Texas home Tuesday to celebrate his 60th birthday after becoming ill at the Hollywood Bowl the night before -- the first stop on his 17-city tour.
Cliburn, who announced after a 20-minute delay that he was feeling dizzy, substituted four piano solos for the strenuous Rachmaninov Concerto No. 3.
Ernest Fleischmann, managing director of the Los Angeles Philharmonic, said Cliburn's doctor examined the pianist during intermission after he reported feeling faint.
``He was in good spirits before (the concert), in very good spirits.'' Philharmonic members returned to their seats after the break, only to wait 20 minutes for Cliburn to appear.
There are, after all, Hollywood executives who calculate actresses' ages in dog years, men in whose minds it is but a small leap from Marmee to Miss Daisy and then on to Mother Courage in dinner theater.
Is it possible that after making 33 films, Ms. Sarandon will go out on those movie screens a box-office also-ran and come back a superstar?
``There is a real radiance about Susan now,'' says Schumacher, who has given a flirtatious subtext to the battle between Ms. Sarandon and Jones in ``The Client.'' ``I think the little lines around her face and the changes her body has gone through after having three children make her even more sexy.
Her remarks, which took 28 seconds, lingered in the air long after the broadcast was over.
In addition to the mother in ``Lorenzo's Oil'' and her role as Marmee, Ms. Sarandon plays the mother of seven boys in a low-budget film, ``Safe Passage,'' she shot in New York after completing ``The Client.'' Ms. Sarandon won the career-making role of Annie Savoy, the intoxicatingly licentious in loco parentis figure of ``Bull Durham,'' at the age of 40 because of her rare combination of intelligence and sex.
And after it was over, she went to Orion and paraded up and down the halls in a showy red-and-white dress.
But in 1991, after the death of a friend, he came back from the funeral and started to write a screenplay.
But it suggests to ordinary people who would never dream of hurting a fly that the state is, after all, not totally helpless in the face of demonstrable evil.
He is, after all, the shortstop who practically forced the retiring of the trophy known as the Gold Glove; who amazed his new first baseman Gregg Jefferies last spring by routinely ending his practice double-play pivots by throwing to first base with his eyes closed -- and hitting the target.
Perhaps, after losing for six years in a row, National League fans longed to have a veteran who remembered what it is like for the league to win.
But the wizardry, just as magical 13 years after its debut in an All-Star Game, was still potent enough to bring an appreciative public back, clamoring for more.
When he was teaching, he let students evaluate themselves, after asking them the grade they deserved and the one they wanted.
Feinstein called the nominee ``a man deeply dedicated to the pursuit of law (and) a man who understands what's important to the people and streets of this nation.'' In his opening statement, Breyer sought to dispel a perception that he is a legal-world elitist, somehow divorced from the experiences of average people after long years as a judge and a law professor at Harvard University.
I was always too lazy to want to work all the time.'' Work he did, though, earning an Oscar for ``The Last Picture Show'' after a career of reliable turns in such ageless western classics as John Ford's ``She Wore a Yellow Ribbon'' and ``Wagonmaster'' (both included in the ongoing Ford centennial retrospective at UCLA and the County Museum of Natural History).
``They kept showing us test after test.'' At one point a consensus threatened to develop in favor of an all-male squadron of angels, but Sloan shot that sexist theology down in a hurry.
She would have named one of them ``Oscar'' -- after Wilde, about whom she and Albert Finney are now completing a film -- but Fricker's Dublin neighbors might have taken it the wrong way.
So she christened it Fingal instead, after one of Wilde's middle names.
Some publishers also said that they were loath to take on McGinniss after the unpleasantness surrounding ``The Last Brother,'' which some reviewers said was largely plagiarized from other books and which readers generally avoided.
In the 12 days that Tabitha was lost, after escaping from her carrier in the Boeing 747's cargo hold on June 30, the grayish, 3-year-old domestic shorthair logged 30,000 miles zigging between New York and Los Angeles, with occasional zags to Miami and San Juan, P.R. More than 100 airline workers searched for Tabitha for at least 1,000 hours, Tower's customer service manager, Carol Dowling, said.
The hardships were dramatized when Israel sealed off the Gaza Strip on Monday, preventing some 15,000 Gazans from reaching jobs in Israel, after clashes between Palestinians and Israeli soldiers at the main checkpoint leading out of the Gaza Strip.
From the Brandenburg Gate, a symbol of a divided Europe, Clinton faced east in celebration and told some 50,000 Berliners who thronged Pariser Platz that he rejoiced with them that ``Berlin ist frei!'' Coming nearly five years after the Berlin Wall fell, this visit of a U.S. president seemed belated to many.
But it still spilled well beyond the East Berlin plaza, a no man's land under Communist rule, and after leaving the podium, Kohl proclaimed the event to have marked ``an unforgettable hour.'' Even in its brevity -- the two leaders were the only ones to speak, and Clinton's speech lasted just eight and a half minutes -- the back-to-back appearances established an emotional high point in a week that took the President from Latvia to Poland to Italy to Germany.
In some ways, Clinton's farewell to the Berlin Brigade shortly after his major speech was even more evocative, mostly because it foreshadowed the next stage of a Europe transformed.
She has been coached by Macci and Nick Bollettieri, has been serenaded by the United States Tennis Association, and has pledged her unofficial allegiance to Reebok after being courted by umpteen sneaker companies.
But the family altered its course last week after a visit to Compton.
Rai, the former captain and playmaker who was benched after the last game against Sweden, may see action as a substitute because he is 6-2.
The company he founded last year, Moving Target Productions, is involved in no fewer than 20 projects -- including a late-night syndicated show called ``Last Call'' and a PBS sitcom premiering this week titled ``The Steven Banks Show.'' So anyone who figured that Tartikoff would fall off the entertainment map after chucking it all in 1992 and moving to New Orleans (where his daughter, Calla, is being treated for head injuries suffered in a traffic accident), doesn't know the man very well.There are even those who figure it makes sense that Tartikoff will take control of Fox Broadcasting as its new head honcho now that Lucie Salhany has been removed as chairwoman.
``I don't want to go back,'' said a 29-year-old Muslim hospital worker who fled Sarajevo on an empty cargo plane a few days after receiving a mobilization notice in March.
I didn't agree with the war, and it would have been stupid for me to go into the army after two years.
According to rumors that swept this capital after the government brought criminal charges of insulting the Muslim religion against Taslima Nasrin on June 4, prompting her to go underground, the 32-year-old writer had sought refuge from angry demonstrators in a Western embassy.
She also angered many in Bangladesh with a 1993 novel, ``Shame,'' in which she depicted Bangladesh's Hindu minority as having been targeted for revenge by Muslims after the incident in December 1992 in which a Hindu mob destroyed an ancient mosque in Ayodhya, northern India.
The novel was banned after selling 60,000 copies in Bangladesh, and Miss Nasrin had her passport withdrawn for several months.
He cited the pilots who kept Berlin alive with an airlift of food when the Soviets blockaded the city in the late 1940s and the sentries at Checkpoint Charlie, ``who stood face to face with enemy tanks'' after the wall was built.
In some ways, the president's remarks -- coming four years after the fall of the wall -- sounded dated.
The German troops were sent to Somalia after U.N. Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali appealed for such help.
Kuchma, too, kept his silence Tuesday, after brief calls for national unity Monday night.
Perhaps after he gets over the shock and we get the final results, he'll be a good sport about it.'' Yaropolk Kulchyckyj, local head of an American election monitoring foundation, sees the defeat of Kravchuk -- and of Prime Minister Vyacheslav F.
Kuchma said the same Monday night, after the results: ``We must rescue our industry and introduce immediately a new constitution, strengthening presidential power, and reorganize the structure of the state.'' But Kuchma, too, will face opposition from the powerful neo-Communist parliamentary speaker, Oleksandr O.
And then suddenly, last month, after the mediation of former President Jimmy Carter, Kim softened his position.
It was a promising if tentative start, some modestly hopeful signs after nearly five decades of hostility.
``He's swimming around in his little container there,'' astronaut Don Thomas informed ground controllers after discovering the baby newt.
 (BC-SOC-WCUP-BRAZIL-BEBETO-525&Add-NYT) When the striker Bebeto put Brazil ahead of the Netherlands, 2-0, in the World Cup quarterfinals last Saturday, he bolted for the sideline and began swinging his arms, rocking an imaginary baby in homage of his 2-day-old son, Matthaus, named after the German star Lothar Matthaus.
A meeting was scheduled for Tuesday, but was postponed after Philip Morris could not assure shareholders that directors who are not part of the company's management would be able to attend.
The Dow slipped 0.33 point, to 3,702.66, while the broader Standard & Poor's index of 500 stocks fell 0.11 point, to 447.95 Stocks fell after the report on producer prices for June showed no increase in inflation.
The technology sector, which he says had been a strong market leader over the last three to five years after the explosion in personal computers and semiconductors, may be on the wane, he said.
``So now we have to wait for the next new technology cycle to see who the new leaders will be.'' Technology stocks opened lower Tuesday after a report showed the semiconductor book-to-bill ratio fell to 1.08 in June from 1.13 in May.
While the number was negative, it was not considered all that bad for the summer, when demand slackens, said Don Hays, director of investment strategy at Wheat First Butcher Singer in Richmond, Va. Stronger-than-expect earnings released by Motorola after the market's close on Monday were initially overshadowed by the book-to-bill report because most investors happen to be looking forward and not backward.
Cisco Systems fell 1, to 22}, after Salomon Brothers lowered its rating on the company to ``hold'' from ``buy.'' The company said it had agreed to acquire privately held Newport Systems Solutions in exchange for 4.2 million shares of Cisco stock.
General Public Utilities fell 1}, to 25\, after a Pennsylvania court ruled that a subsidiary, Metropolitan Edison Co., could not pass the costs of decommissioning a Three Mile Island nuclear power unit onto customers.
``I don't see the NAACP as an organization for the masses of black people, and that's the problem,'' said Rhymes, who lives in a city housing project named after an early civil rights crusader, Ida B.
On Tuesday, Chavis continued his campaign into the ``hood.'' After Vice President Al Gore addressed the NAACP's convention, and after a videotaped message of support from South African President Nelson Mandela, Chavis visited a youth anti-drug program, No Dope Express, on Chicago's far South Side, far from the convention's posh downtown hotel and the scores of teen-aged NAACP members bound for college.
Even after his business was sucessful Kildall stayed on for a number of years as a professor at the Naval Postgraduate school because he enjoyed teaching.
When they do, and find regulations they cannot live with, it is often after they have moved in.
Gardens are wonderful things, but the people in Rossmoor paid a lot of money for an undisturbed view, and when someone disturbs that, it becomes a problem.'' The homeowner removed the offending vegetation shortly after the firm was called in.
``It would be great if we lived in the good old days, when everyone looked after their neighbor and took care of their home.
HOMEOWNERS IN SUBURBS REVOLT OVER ASSOCIATION RULES  (BC-HOMEOWNER-RULES-2TAKES-SFCHRON) In nearby Alameda, a homeowners' association is taking Ian Roger and his wife, Aase, to court for refusing to paint their home a color the couple finds ``repugnant.'' And 40 miles north in Cotati, a homeowners' association started a raucous neighborhood uprising after keeping its spending habits a secret.
And 32 years after the first association was established, some homeowners say that what began as a good idea for affordable neighborly living has turned into an aggressive officialdom that occasionally tramples on their rights.
``I wanted to talk to my parents in Brazil,'' Pele recalled, feeling anew the excitement that kept him up all night after the game, ``but I couldn't do it because communication was not good in those days.
HUFFINGTON BRINGS ROLLINS ON BOARD TO HELP SENATE CAMPAIGN  (BC-HUFFINGTON-POLS-350&ADD-SFCHRON) Rollins became the subject of intense criticism and a criminal investigation last year after he boasted to reporters that, as manager of the campaign of GOP New Jersey gubernatorial candidate Christine Whitman, he had tried to suppress the black vote.
He had a falling out with President Bush in 1990 after he suggested that Republican candidates in that year's congressional campaign run against Bush's decision to raise taxes that year.
For decades after its introduction in the 1960s lithium was the only effective medication for manic-depression.
Tuesday, tensions increased after radio reports that at least a dozen people had been killed in Leogane, about 20 miles south of here.
Last October the mission left abruptly after armed thugs prevented a U.S. Navy ship, the Harland County, from unloading about 300 U.S. and Canadian soldiers who were to rebuild roads and other facilities in Haiti.
MURDER SUSPECT FLEES BEFORE SEARCH GETS STARTED MORRISTOWN, N.J.  (BC-NJ-SLAIN-SPOUSE-300&ADD-NYT) Hours after the police found the body of Nihal Abequa hidden under her bed last Wednesday, a search began for her husband, Mohammad.
At a news conference here Tuesday, Murphy described a frantic search for Abequa that began hours after a police sergeant found the body of Mrs.
The prosecutor said Abequa had bought the tickets from American Airlines Sunday night, apparently shortly before or shortly after his wife was killed.
There is no guarantee that the pay cuts will be restored after the concession period ends.
UAL will have $1.5 billion in cash reserves after the buyout, making United among the richest of carriers.
A major goal of the buyout was to enable United to create an ``airline within an airline'' that will operate a shuttle-type service on short routes modeled after Southwest, with few frills and low fares.
Consumer foods, after falling nine-tenths of 1 percent in May, were unchanged last month despite a 32 percent jump for fresh and dry vegetables, an 8.2 percent rise for eggs and a faster rise for roasted coffee.
The index for capital equipment rose slightly after increases of four-tenths of 1 percent in both April and May.
	Treasury bonds rose for the first time in a week after a Government report showed inflation was nonexistent in June.
It was Brian Roberts who in 1992 persuaded Diller to become chairman of QVC after Diller resigned as chairman of Fox Inc.
``I anticipate doing other things,'' he said in a telephone interview after the announcement.
He is also credited with turning around AT&T's long-distance revenue after the breakup of the giant phone company in 1984.
But Tobias said that after studying Lilly's strengths and possibilities he decided that the company would be more successful if it pulled back to its core pharmaceutical business.
Lilly is also likely to cash out its 40 percent stake in Dow-Elanco, a joint venture in pesticides with Dow Chemical Co., for about $500 million after taxes.
He was born in Remington, near Lafayette, Ind., and worked for Indiana Bell after graduating from Indiana University.
Romero was taken to the hospital but left when his pain subsided after an examination.
And what happens when the agreement expires after 51/2 years?
Luzzatto, the press secretary for the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative, said after Moynihan's remarks that, ``We appreciate the chairman's support and we're working night and day to get the information to the Hill to meet the chairman's deadlines.'' Asked whether the budget information would reach the Finance Committee by the end of the week, she said, ``I think I'll leave it at that -- we're working night and day.'' The administration made an initial proposal last spring to rely heavily on cuts in agricultural subsidies to pay for the pact, but that idea quickly drew strong criticism from legislators in farm states.
Hatch, R-Utah, who said he would die to defend workers' basic right to strike, added that the legislation did not remove that right but tipped ``the delicate balance between management and labor.'' Jerry Jasinowski, the president of the National Association of Manufacturers, hailed Tuesday's vote as a benchmark, saying that union leaders were out of touch and likely to lose even more support after elections this fall.
Administration officials, while uncertain how much public excitement can be generated in the middle of the summer, describe the caravans as an effort to duplicate the successes of the 1992 presidential campaign, when Clinton, Al Gore and their wives went on a six-day bus tour immediately after the Democratic National Convention in New York in July 1992.
In the 12 days that Tabitha was lost, after escaping from her carrier in the Boeing 747's cargo hold on June 30, the grayish, 3-year-old domestic shorthair logged 30,000 miles zigging between New York and Los Angeles, with occasional zags to Miami and San Juan, P.R. More than 100 airline workers searched for Tabitha for at least 1,000 hours, Tower's customer service manager, Carol Dowling, said.
Schacht will remain as chairman and concentrate on developing international alliances for Cummins, the diesel engine maker based in Columbus, Ind., that has been booming after a rough ride in the 1980s.
``I felt the company should not face a double retirement and needed a phased succession.'' Tuesday's announcement came after the close of trading on the New York Stock Exchange, where Cummins stock finished at $42.375, down 37.5 cents.
Hours after signing a contract on Monday, Buchanan went 3 for 5 in helping the Class A Oneonta Yankees to a 9-5 victory over Elmira.
WHERE HEAVEN IS THE SMACK OF A PADDLE BALL ON A PATCH OF CONCRETE NEW YORK  (BC-NY-SUMMER-PADDLEBALL-2TAKES-NYT) Because the weather looked chancy for the next two days, Lu Benitez decided he had better go to the paddle ball courts after all.
``These regulars come day after day, from all over.
``I show up here after 5, when I get off work, and I'm here for hours,'' he said.
The move comes a month after sour news on June 9 from Pepsico Inc., Pepsi's parent company.
That day, Pepsico stock fell $3, to $31.50, after reports that sales at Pepsico's restaurant chains were unexpectedly slow.
Time after time they turn away from drugs and the life style of drug dealers.
Carter said he will retire as president and chief executive of Home Interiors after the deal is completed.
Three Carter children -- Joey Carter, Ronald Carter and Christi Carter Urschel -- will stay on as executives of Home Interiors after completion of the sale, expected this year.
Carter, his family, and other investors will acquire the remaining 49 percent equity interest -- buying back nearly half of their company after selling it.
Carter said he will retire as president and chief executive of Home Interiors after the deal is completed.
Three Carter children -- Joey Carter, Ronald Carter and Christi Carter Urschel -- will stay on as executives of Home Interiors after completion of the sale, expected this year.
Carter, his family, and other investors will acquire the remaining 49 percent equity interest -- buying back nearly half of their company after selling it.
Monday night, before a crowd of 14,035 at the Hollywood Bowl, Cliburn cut short the official opening concert of his tour after suffering a dizzy spell midway through a strenuous program that included his signature piece, Tchaikovsky's First Piano Concerto.
The main reason he went into comedy was he found it overwhelming to go on stage and remember those hundreds and thousands of notes.'' Cliburn, who quietly withdrew from the concert scene in 1978 after two decades as an international superstar, resumed a light, erratic schedule of public appearances in 1987.
After a 30-minute intermission, however, Cliburn came onstage and announced that he had felt ``lightheaded'' after the Tchaikovsky, and that his blood pressure had been checked.
The move comes a month after sour news on June 9 from Pepsico Inc., Pepsi's parent company.
That day, Pepsico stock fell $3, to $31.50, after reports that sales at Pepsico's restaurant chains were unexpectedly slow.
``In too many cases, time after time, you hold against the little guy, the small business person, the consumer,'' Metzenbaum said.
The 12's drifted out of the limelight after that, making room in 1992 for the new and faster 75-foot International America's Cup Class yachts.
It's like a slow speed chess game -- a different kind of fun.'' The modern 12's, which were constructed after 1971, cost as much as $500,000 to build.
But it also gave her time enough that the worst pain will probably not be felt by voters and taxpayers until after the next election.
In general, officials who signed leases with Koeppel after Giuliani was elected or in office, received two and three months free rent, while those who signed leases during the campaign received less favorable terms or no concessions at all.
Rubenstein said that besides Ms. Lategano and Ms. Hammons, the officials who signed leases with Ms. Koeppel after Giuliani's election were Mary Kilkenny, the chief of staff to Donna Hanover Giuliani, who shares a lease with Therese M.
But teammates said Stoitchkov was taken out after exchanging words with the game official, which earned him a scolding and the threat of a yellow card.
Along the way, Stoitchkov also spoke of ``feeling the world watching me,'' and described how the team celebrated in the hotel after the upset over Germany by dancing together in the swimming pool.
The cause of death was end-stage emphysema as a result of smoking.'' Patrick Reynolds said that his brother gave up cigarettes in 1986 after years of heavy smoking.
He joined The Times in 1945 as a truck driver after serving with the Navy Seabees in the Pacific during World War II.
The average domestic taxable bond fund fell 1.26 percent in the second quarter after dropping 2.23 percent in the first quarter, according to fund tracker Lipper Analytical Services Inc.
Since March, investors have bailed out of bond funds after piling into them in recent years.
Too many individual investors jumped out of low-paying bank certificates of deposit in recent years after being enticed by the higher yields from bonds.
ISRAEL BOX OFFICE NIXES REDGRAVE  (BC-PEOPLE-BRIEFS-NYT) In Israel, cries of protest were instant when the Haifa Municipal Theater announced last month that Vanessa Redgrave would appear twice on its stage in ``Brecht in Exile,'' a selection of works written by the dramatist Bertolt Brecht after he had left Nazi Germany.
Last year, after an aggressive push for reform by the state Board of Regents, Gov.
FAMILY TURNS TO SANTERIA TO FIND DROWNED GIRL  (BC-CONN-DROWNED-GIRL-625-(2TAKES)-NYT) The discovery of a drowned 14-year-old girl's body, found by her family when they consulted an adviser versed in the African-Caribbean religion of Santeria, touched off a melee at a Hartford, Conn., hospital Monday night after the family charged that police had called off their own search because the victim was Puerto Rican.
Nine people in the crowd were arrested after the violence and charged with criminal trespass and rioting.
The disturbance came after officials called off the search Monday, the third fruitless day.
 (BC-CONN-DROWNED-GIRL-2NDTAKE-NYT) The violence at the hospital came after a weekend that began pleasantly enough, with a swim in a remote, treacherous stretch of the Farmington River known as ``the gorge,'' north of Route 187 and near Route 189.
The man tried to save her after we screamed.'' She said that Maldonado and Lydia ``went up and down five or six times until he came up and he was alone.'' ``Lydia was struggling and the current just took her away,'' Leticia added.
Six hours later, relatives and friends who said they stayed on after the divers left found the body.
But after she graduated, magna cum laude, in 1990, she gave up singing for good and threw herself totally into law school at Fordham.
Tuesday, after Ms. Timmel's lawyer sought an injunction in Manhattan Supreme Court, Tower agreed to ground the 747 at JFK for 24 hours.
The ninth-ranked Swedes have nothing to lose, already eclipsing pre-tournament expectations after going 0-3 in the 1990 Cup in Italy.
And then, after a 3-0 opening loss to Nigeria, came the victories: 4-0 over Greece, 2-0 over two-time champion Argentina, 3-1 in penalty kicks over Mexico and -- believe it or not -- 2-1 over three-time and defending champion Germany.
It was enough to convince the Raiders to go after him.
He is, after all, the shortstop who practically forced the retiring of the trophy known as the Gold Glove; who amazed his new first baseman, Gregg Jefferies, last spring by routinely ending his practice double-play pivots by throwing to first base with his eyes closed -- and hitting the target.
Perhaps, after losing for six years in a row, National League fans longed to have a veteran who remembered what it is like for the league to win.
But the wizardry, just as magical 13 years after its debut in an All-Star Game, was still potent enough to bring an appreciative public back, clamoring for more.
Cowlings was arrested after the chase on suspicion of aiding and abetting a fleeing felony suspect.
Shortly after Simpson's flight from justice June 17, Garcetti warned that anyone found aiding Simpson would be prosecuted.
You will be prosecuted as a felon.'' Two days after Cowlings' arrest, however, Garcetti declined to commit himself on whether charges would be filed.
He was the American League starter a year after Showalter asked Cito Gaston of Toronto, the All-Star manager then and now, to limit the left-hander to one inning.
``Somebody's got to be the goat out there,'' Cone said after leaving the game, ``and I guess it's going to be me.
With Doug Drabek of Houston pitching, Roberto Alomar of Toronto led off with a single, stole second and, after Boggs took a third strike for the second successive time at-bat, scored as Griffey singled to center.
Molina initially objected to giving the museum $9.1 million in funding until after the efficiency committee's study is completed, but Supervisor Edmund D.
Sweden went ahead 1-0 but Brazil got a goal from Romario a few minutes later to tie the match and both teams minded their manners after that.
``We achieved a favorable result and think after the Dutch game that technically the team improved incredibly, especially in the second half.
Brazil will be without midfielder Leonardo, who will miss the rest of the tournament after elbowing American Tab Ramos in the side of the head in the second round.
Sweden will have Dahlin back after he missed the Brazil match for getting two yellow cards.
In the first round, it tied Cameroon and Brazil and in the quarterfinals, it tied Romania and advanced to the semifinals after a penalty kick shootout.
``He's a good hitter -- he's gotten me a few times in the National League.'' Bonds, twice an mvp with Pittsburgh, was seen laughing when he re-entered the dugout after the strikeout against Cone.
The right-hander, who changed venues to Houston last season after a six-year career in Pittsburgh that included a Cy Young Award in 1990, was treated more kindly by the sellout crowd of 59,568, but far less kindly by the American League hitters.
Hutchins was arrested Monday after an investigation by the Winthrop Marshal's Office and booked into the Okanogan County Jail.
This time we will be playing for a place in the World Cup final.'' In the Swedish camp at posh Marina del Rey, veteran forward Tomas Brolin was less than intimidated, even though Brazil now is considered a solid favorite to win the Cup after Germany's tumble to the sidelines over the weekend.
Jonas Thern, the Swedish captain who runs the midfield, also is expected to be ready after an injury.
The eight-person committee on infractions, comprised mainly of professors at NCAA member schools plus two retired judges, made it clear it was uncomfortable with imposing sanctions after some already had been levied by the Pac-10.
``He exhibited the same courtroom presentation you would want somebody defending you to use.'' Pending is a lawsuit brought by some Washington players, who are seeking to have eligibility restored for a bowl game after this season.
IRVING, Texas  (BC-FBN-COWBOYS-NOTES-TEX) One day after he was released by the Cowboys, wide receiver Tyrone Williams was claimed off the waiver wire by Dave Wannstedt's Chicago Bears.
``It's been a long drought.'' Although Alou's hit, which came after Gwynn led off the 10th with a bouncer up the middle, won the game, it wouldn't have been possible without McGriff's ninth-inning heroics.
That's why the Yankees didn't attempt to sign him after last season even though they needed a closer.
Gwynn, playing the entire game after substituting in center field for Lenny Dykstra, who had undergone an appendectomy, had doubled home two runs in the third inning and scored on Mike Piazza's single for a 4-1 lead.
``Crime Dog got us,'' said Griffey after the Nationals pulled out an exciting 8-7 win in the 10th inning before 59,568 fans at Three Rivers Stadium, the largest baseball crowd in Pittsburgh history.
Griffey, who was named MVP two years ago in San Diego, confirmed after the game that he and Lofton were the pre-McGriff picks.
 (BC-DOLPHINS-SHULA-COX) Miami Dolphins coach Don Shula said he would commit to the Dolphins organization after this season, but not necessarily as a coach.
Immediate speculation after Johnson left Dallas was that he was poised to succeed Shula next season.
Shula may not decide what he wants to do until January, after the season ends.
A grounder by Knoblauch forced Tettleton at second after a spectacular stop by Smith, St. Louis' nimble 39-year-old shortstop.
Then, after the Dodgers' lone All-Star exited after catching eight innings, his National League team rallied to give him another parting gift, an 8-7, 10-inning victory that snapped a six-game losing streak against the American League.
Mary Lou is a character she created back in the '70s after she saw the movie ``Nashville.'' ``She's just a little off, a little strange and sings sort of stupid country songs,'' Murfitt explains.
Some lives have such extremes of success and failure, pride and dissipation, that they are intrinsically fascinating to generation after generation.
Ann tells the story of her history with Ruth -- how they met at a party after Ann told her husband she hated women like Ruth, how Ruth revealed she had affairs, how Ruth told Ann she was leaving her husband -- in vignettes that arise from Ann's memories as she cares for the ailing Ruth.
She hunts for the food, but after she catches it the male generally steals it and chases her off.
Q: Why can the Supreme Court call a law unconstitutional after it has been passed by Congress?
Scientists at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena calculate that the upwelling fireballs from some of the impacts may be visible over Jupiter's horizon within minutes after impact.
At a rehabilitated AT&T tracking station 65 miles southwest of Atlanta, a team of Georgia Tech researchers will ``listen'' to microwave noise generated by the impacts in hopes of learning more about the temperature and abundance of gasses in the atmosphere after the explosions.
Still working 17 years after it was launched, Voyager will monitor radio wavelength emissions from the impact, from its current vantage point, nearly 4 billion miles away.
New minority-owned businesses such as Pinnacle have grown gradually over the past decade by going after government or quasi- government funds, and by bidding for at least portions of corporate funds controlled by managers interested in helping minority enterprise.
We are seeing unacceptable damage at the present level.'' Accordingly, after six years of testing, the Park Service has launched a birth-control program that uses an injection to reduce the Assateague herd to 150 or fewer.
We are seeing unacceptable damage at the present level.'' Accordingly, after six years of testing, the Park Service has launched a birth-control program that uses an injection to reduce the Assateague herd to 150 or fewer.
``For a long time after I got here, I was nervous and scared.
``For a long time after I got here, I was nervous and scared.
If any effects are visible from California, they will be seen after the impact of the third fragment.
It is in the constellation Virgo and visible high in the southwest sky after sunset.
The most spectacular sight would be concentric ripples sweeping out from the point of collision, like ripples in a pond after a rock has been tossed into it.
Special operations commandos aboard the warships are trained to begin evacuating Americans six hours after receiving an order from the White House, the military said.
The Haitians, after all, have only 11 armored personnel carriers, nine artillery pieces, 36 mortars and 20 anti-tank guns, according to the Pentagon.
The Old Roman style, which disappeared after the 12th century, has often been compared to a less ornamented melodic form that became Gregorian chant.
One of those freedoms is defined in the Fourth Amendment, and the definition couldn't be more precise: ``The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by oath of affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.'' When police entered O.J. Simpson's property the morning after Nicole Simpson and Ronald Goldman were murdered, they had no warrant.
This is a performance to recall the young Katharine Hepburn, at least as she was parodied for decades (``the calla lilies are in bloom''), long after she had learned to discipline her talent.
The hemlines are just above the ankles and the lamps are electric in the elegant house where Hedda (Ms. McGillis) and Jorgen Tesman (Jeffrey DeMunn) take up residence after their honeymoon.
I wonder how many TV watchers last week were dumbfounded and disappointed that at no point did someone in the audience suddenly stand up and shout, ``OK, I did it! I admit it! I couldn't take it any longer!'' after which the judge orders the defendant turned loose and Mason (played by Robert Shapiro) buys lunch for Della Street and Paul Drake.
It's a 10-by-5-foot, 750-pound sculpture crafted by Seattle artist Gerard Tsutakawa for Stop the Violence, a nonprofit group formed after six Puget Sound teen-agers were shot and killed in one weekend two years ago.
But, in an evenhanded way, Helen later gets to grill him back, after he has been given a truth serum.
Alan and Terri Werner began to feel a pinch in their oil and gas production company after the stock market dive of October 1987.
They would come home from their church jobs after dark, turn their car lights on to illuminate the three acres where they lived in suburban Edgecliff Village, and pick produce.
That all these segments come after the one devoted to worry reflects the chef's own emotional predicament.
``I'm looking at the world; I'm looking after my children, my life.
The State Department says it expects talks on North Korea's suspected nuclear weapons program to resume some time after the elder Kim's funeral.
Of course, those guys are from California.'' In another offbeat exchange, Quincy telephoned the engineering department at the U.S. Military Academy in West Point, N.Y., after learning that students there were building a catapult.
In ``Just Like a Woman,'' made in 1991 but only now getting an American release (it opens on July 22), the actress plays Monica, a London landlady who ends her marriage after 22 years only to strike up an affair with an American boarder, Gerald (Adrian Pasdar).
Longden succumbs to an inexplicable disease revealed two years after her death in 1985 to have been myalgic encephalomyelitis, or M.E., as it is commonly known.
Cement-coated nails, dipped in a resinous adhesive that softens from friction when the nail is driven, initially bond tightly to wood, but lose strength after a few months.
They're after music that still seems unspoiled but that just might catch on if more people hear it.
Veruca Salt -- named after the character in the book ``Charlie and the Chocolate Factory'' -- has an album coming out this fall produced by Brad Wood, who worked on Ms. Phair's stunning ``Exile in Guyville.'' There's only one drawback.
The Met, after all, has not been a haven for countertenors.
``I've had three record companies go bankrupt after I did albums with them,'' Ms. Shepherd says during rehearsal.
Frankly, I was reluctant to listen to Marguerite because my life's partner and I planned to volunteer for the Simpson-jury duty, as we're the only two people in the entire country who neither saw a moment of the infamous Simpson chase-capture nor a film clip after the fact.
See, Milutinovic may not be right after all.
Stoitchkov's explanation after each of the team's last two victories that ``God is a Bulgarian'' smacks to us as the equivalent of ``God is a chiropractor,'' ``God works nights at the 7-Eleven,'' or ``God is one of the Power Rangers.'' In a country whose sports fans are fairly sure that God wastes little of his energy sweating out small stuff like sporting results, we find His interest in the Bulgarians to be a little odd.
	MOB-KILLS-MOTORIST (Miami) -- A neighborhood mob attacked and killed a 44-year-old motorist after he hit an 11-year-old girl then stopped to check on her, police said.
Why should senators and members of Congress fear his threats on health care reform after watching his unsure performance abroad?
	Karadzic's comments came after a meeting at the Bosnian Serb mountain stronghold of Pale with the foreign ministers of Britain and France, Douglas Hurd and Alain Juppe, who said Serb leaders had refused to tell them whether or not they would accept the deal.
Organizers of the bus caravan hope it can recreate some of the excitement generated after the 1992 Democratic Convention when Clinton, Al Gore and their wives went on several such trips.
Why should senators and members of Congress fear his threats on health care reform after watching his unsure performance abroad?
In an informal poll, conducted during the last two weeks in movie theaters in Manhattan, Westchester County and New Jersey, nearly 100 parents of preschoolers were queried after the show about the suitability of ``The Lion King'' for young children.
Onofre, 47, fled to England in 1990 after he was jailed twice on what he claims were bogus charges drummed up by the government because he looked into the cause of a 1988 failure of vote-counting computers.
Several days after the computer system went down, government officials announced Salinas had received 9.6 million votes, or about 50.3 percent -- the lowest of any Mexican president.
It was part of the electoral fraud of 1988.'' Onofre, who has requested political asylum in England after he was turned down by the German and Spanish governments, said the Mexican government lied when it said IBM had sold it the computer system.
The 58-year-old executive has long been one of the most highly regarded managers in Corporate America, but his reputation has been tarnished by the recent trading scandal at General Electric's brokerage subsidiary, Kidder, Peabody & Co. GE took a $210 million charge against earnings in the first quarter, after it was said that Joseph Jett, a Kidder, Peabody trader, had created $350 million in phantom profits.
But the public has benefited greatly from research conducted in the space program before, between and after those flights, he said.
Gatenby recalled that after the reading, Miller told him about the thrill of feeling the electricity hitting the stage when thousands in an audience are applauding: ``Miller told me, `I will always be grateful to you because I've worked all my life in the theater and I've heard actors talk about the wall of noise on Broadway, but I'd never experienced it before I walked out on that stage tonight.' '' Gatenby, educated at Glendon College in Toronto because he wanted to study with a young professor named Michael Ondaatje, a recent Booker Prize winner for ``The English Patient,'' continues to plan new spectaculars.
Koren left the State Department with the rank of ambassador in 1971 after 23 years in the Foreign Service.
Fred Grandy, R-Iowa, called the meeting after House Democratic leaders announced plans to launch a bill that supports President Clinton's ideas.
Ms. Umberger bought her property -- including six uncultivated acres, a house and a barn -- and moved to the island from Manhattan 12 years ago, some years after she and her husband were divorced.
Both rookies have been participating in the marathon two-a-day sessions patterned after Coach Pat Riley's practices and run by Knick Assistant Coach Jeff Van Gundy.
As the season unfolded, things did not quite work out that way, with Anthony eventually backing up Derek Harper after Harper was acquired from Dallas.
It didn't seem possible 17 years ago for Nicklaus and Watson to play the level of golf they did in the final two rounds of the Open here at Turnberry, Watson closing with rounds of 65-65 to beat Nicklaus by a stroke after he closed with 65-66.
Stillman was appointed as an independent examiner in the case earlier this year after creditors questioned the objectivity of the original investigation into the scandal, conducted by the company's audit committee.
LOUIS  (BC-BUSTRIP-$ADV17-COX) From New York's Madison Square Garden to St. Louis's Gateway Arch, voters along the 1,000-mile route of the bus trek Bill Clinton took after the 1992 Democratic National Convention are angrier than ever -- but not necessarily at the president.
``Nothing like that ever happened here before,'' said 33-year-old Jerry Glover, recalling how he and other volunteer firefighters, in full gear after dousing a house fire, chased after Clinton's bus as it crawled through a crowd in Centralia, Ill.
In 1936, after two years as director of the surgical laboratory at the Yale Medical School, he spent one year at the University of Rochester Medical School.
Everybody's sue-happy.'' Lincoln, who has been police chief 14 years, said he recently had a case involving a 15-year-old who wanted his father arrested for abuse after an argument over mowing the lawn.
The show makes the point that things began floundering soon after Neil Armstrong's historic steps on the moon, coinciding with the public's flagging interest and its ``been there, done that'' attitude.
The study included patients with ruptured disks, Boyd said, and found that a year after the patients were diagnosed, about 80 percent of those who had surgery were better, compared with half of those who did not have surgery.
But four years after the study began, the patients who had had surgery were no different from those who were treated without it -- about 80 percent of both groups were better.
``This is my favorite course on the tour,'' King said Tuesday after a practice round at the 96-year-old club renowned for its steep hills narrow fairways and small, fast greens.
Daniel, 37, has made a remarkable turnabout after dropping to 40th on the money list last year, the low point in her 15-year professional career.
Phone calls from persons touched by the boy's kindness flooded his home, The Kansas City Star and area charities on Tuesday after The Star reported on his altruistic act.
But after seeing the tears of Mary Hendricks, who has Lou Gehrig's disease, Chris instead made the winning bid on a wheelchair-accessible van.
Immediately after someone else bid $2,700 for the van, Chris bid $3,700.
``We know this is going to be a personal agony for tens of thousands of people,'' the president said after taking a 30-minute helicopter tour with Gov.
The president promised to urge Congress to give the region's farmers the same generous formula for reimbursing crop losses that Midwestern farmers were given after last summer's floods.
As Clinton left Georgia shortly after 5 p.m. EDT, he got a taste of the storm system that has dumped up to three feet of rain in the region since July 5.
The president made his aid announcement after a meeting with more than a dozen federal and state officials at Southwest Regional Airport.
The president made his high-profile visit to Georgia only a day after returning from an eight-day tour of Europe, partly to demonstrate his commitment to disaster relief.
The money was earmarked by the White House after Republican Sen.
No, the hour has arrived for the preliminary hearing -- or would be, had the preliminary hearing not ended after a paltry six days.
Most, after all, would like to combat addiction among teen-agers, and most would like to find a popular way to finance broader health-care coverage.
That's the logical conclusion reached by a White House task force created after the Floods of 1993 devastated parts of Missouri, Kansas and seven other Midwestern states.
He can be a free agent after the season, and his disdain for certain aspects of playing baseball in New York likely mean that he will seek a new address after receiving paychecks from George Steinbrenner for two years.
And after six furlongs, they finished in this order: Classy Mirage, the stablemate to Sky Beauty, was first by one length over Miss Indy Anna, who has never finished worse than second.
Romero Retiring as Jockey Randy Romero, ``tired of the fight'' after numerous spills and accidents and 23 operations, is retiring as a jockey at the age of 36.
``It's why we have the best record in baseball right now,'' Alou said after the All-Star Game, discussing the contributions he and Marquis Grissom (sixth-inning home run) had made to the National's successful quest for its first victory since 1987.
Chances are great it will not, unless it has resumed by then after the expected strike.
He originally was removed from active duty under the old policy after he announced he was gay on ABC-TV's ``Nightline'' in 1992, but was reinstated by a federal court to active duty last year.
The ``don't ask, don't tell'' policy, which the administration claimed would make it easier for gays to continue serving in the military, was adopted after key lawmakers objected to Clinton's plan to allow gays to serve openly.
``I started working on this practically the day after the Caracalla concert,'' said Rudas, a Hungarian producer who has presented Pavarotti's biggest concerts for the last 14 years, including last year's performance in Central Park for an estimated 500,000 listeners.
Referring to the document, signed by both Britain and China, that is to serve as a sort of constitution for Hong Kong after the assertion of Chinese rule, Patten said: ``The Joint Declaration says we should have an executive who is accountable to the legislature and that the legislature should be composed through elections.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Appointed governor of Hong Kong in 1992 after losing his parliamentary seat, Patten, now 48, has alone among the colony's long line of governors insisted that the people of Hong Kong be given a voice in their own future, a policy that has pitted him against the Beijing government.
Those talks have now resumed, but with China's warning that all of Patten's political reforms will be scrapped after Beijing regains control of the colony.
When he returned after the intermission, he did not play the Rachmaninoff concerto that was listed on the program but four shorter compositions instead, said Susan Tilley, the chairwoman of the Van Cliburn Foundation, who was traveling with him.
The House bill would set annual limits on Medicare spending, and it would gradually slow the growth of the program, so that after four or five years Medicare would not be allowed to grow any faster than the economy as a whole.
If Clinton authorizes a Haitian invasion, there won't be any photos of American medical students kissing home soil, as there were after the Grenada intervention.
MURDOCH ASSERTS FOX IS THE LEADING TV-NETWORK LOS ANGELES  (BC-TV-FOX-MURDOCH-NYT) The morning after the demise of the CBS-QVC merger, Rupert Murdoch, the chairman of Fox Inc., trumpeted Fox Broadcasting's strides in the television industry and derided the programming of CBS as ``getting pretty tired.'' While CBS remains the ratings leader in prime time, the network ``needs a more expansionary business view,'' Murdoch said.
``Unilever was somewhat stodgy and slow-moving, and Phillips showed that he was decisive and knows how to go after niches rapidly,'' Mottus said.
Retail prices are not showing the same drop as at the feedlot, where there are signs of recovery after an unusually steep fall.
 (BC-NY-TURK-FESTIVAL-2NDTAKE-NYT) In recent years, it has even brought a few Turkish-Americans to the neighborhood, after Paul Penalino, who has played the Turk in the feast, spotted some people wearing ``I Love Turks'' T-shirts at a local beer distributor and eventually invited them to the feast.
The records show that after the revocation, he was issued more tickets for driving infractions, which led to the license suspensions.
He was comatose for two months last June after a car accident in which he was a passenger.
``He had brain damage after the accident,'' the woman said.
The U.N. is being billed $10 million for these rented vehicles, which arrived after weeks of paperwork delay only to face fresh delays for lack of trained Ghanaian drivers.
Aaron decision that rejected Arkansas' resistance to school integration, and the pro-free-speech dissents of Justices Louis Brandeis and Oliver Wendell Holmes during and after World War I.
``What I really have after my own family is my integrity ...
Edwardson left Northwest after nearly four years after a string of accomplishments, including his work on the 1986 merger of Northwest and Republic Airlines and the development of Northwest's first plane-leasing program.
The company was restructured Tuesday after stockholders approved selling 55 percent of it to employees in return for $4.9 billion in wage and benefit concessions.
The remarks by the nationalist leader, Radovan Karadzic, came after a meeting with the foreign ministers of Britain and France, Douglas Hurd and Alain Juppe.
Minehan started work at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York right after graduating with a bachelor's degree in political science in 1968 from the University of Rochester.
She became the bank's acting president after Richard F.
The constitutional issue of aid disparity was first raised by a suit in 1970, which led to adoption of the state income tax to finance more aid for poor districts -- and then only after the Supreme Court shut the schools down to force the Legislature to act.
``So I decided to take care of my future before the finals began.'' 	Cameroon Coach Was Under Pressure 	In an interview with the French magazine France Football, Cameroon's coach, Henri Michel, explained some of the intense pressure he was under to bench goalkeeper Joseph-Antoine Bell after the opening 2-2 tie with Sweden.
Breyer assured senators that, after reviewing his role in eight key cases, he was personally confident that he had not violated any conflict-of-interest standards.
Two decades ago, after controversy over the holdings of the defeated Supreme Court nominee Clement Haynsworth, Congress adopted a broad standard calling on judges to observe the appearance of propriety, not just obey specific laws or ethical canons.
Phone calls from persons touched by the boy's kindness flooded his home, The Kansas City Star and area charities on Tuesday after The Star reported on his altruistic act.
But after seeing the tears of Mary Hendricks, who has Lou Gehrig's disease, Chris instead made the winning bid on a wheelchair-accessible van.
Immediately after someone else bid $2,700 for the van, Chris bid $3,700.
Investors are expecting to see profits after years of cost cutting.
CBS, which will not pursue a merger with QVC after a competing bid was made for QVC by Comcast, rose 8, to 308.
Last year, a convicted murderer and serial rapist escaped from Carl Robinson after being giving prison jobs outside the fence.
In 1990, two men serving sentences of 21 years and 25 years for sexual assault and attempted murder escaped after breaking through a window and stealing a Corrections Department vehicle.
The unidentified victim fell after being hit or tripped, and was instantly surrounded by men swinging viciously down at him with their weapons.
Prison officials said they were investigating why an elaborate beeper system, designed to alert the community in the event of a problem at the prison, was not triggered until after 8 p.m. But they stressed that since no inmates were ever in danger of escape, the delay had not been critical.
The impending signing of Williams is significant because it means the secondary, after losing Mark Collins, Myron Guyton and Greg Jackson, will be on its way to coming together again.
The bad news is that the secondary -- after losing three veterans who played in Super Bowls -- will be one of the youngest in the Giants' division and will surely suffer growing pains.
IT'S NO MIRACLE, BUT METS ARE MUCH IMPROVED NEW YORK  (BC-BBN-METS-NYT) Nobody's calling them the Miracle Mets yet, but as they prepare to resume play after the All-Star break with a game against the San Diego Padres at Shea Stadium Thursday night, it would be hard to deny that by some measures the Mets are one of the hottest teams in baseball.
For one thing, the Mets are 14-15 in one-run games this year after being 19-35 in them last season.
After becoming the latest Brazilian soccer hero by leading Sao Paulo to the 1992 World Club Championship and being named South American player of the year; after doing his brother proud by becoming the leader of the national team that dominates Brazilian conversations from the government offices of Brasilia to the slums of Rio de Janeiro, the 29-year-old Rai has begun once more to doubt himself.
``I know he had difficulties in Paris, but I think he is much better now after a month with the team,'' Parreira said after the 1-1 draw with Sweden at the end of the first round.
In 1993, shortly after Sao Paulo won the Intercontinental Cup, a fan of the club named his son after Rai.
PRESIDENT VISITS FLOOD-RAVAGED GEORGIA, VOWS FEDERAL AID ALBANY, Ga.  (BC-FLOODS-CLINTON-455&ADD-NYT) Barely stopping to sleep after returning late Tuesday night from a European summit, President Clinton and his top aides swooped into Georgia on Wednesday, quickly viewed the South's greatest flood in a century, and pledged $66 million in federal aid for this and two neighboring states.
Before swooping back out after four hours, Clinton took to television to promise local farmers that he would ask Congress for twice the normal level of aid and he urged news organizations to point out any kink in the aid pipeline so that the White House can ``put the hammer down and solve it.'' ``One thing I do not want to do,'' he said, ``is to allow this flood to become a reason for more good farmers to leave the land.'' It was an urgent display of federal generosity in a region where Clinton's popularity is at an ebb, and where two of the congressional districts that are now under water appear ready to float into Republican hands in November as the Democratic incumbents, Reps.
Clinton said it had caused ``a personal agony for tens of thousands of people.'' ``And a lot of the agony that people will have in their businesses, and these little towns that have had all their business districts wiped out, will not become apparent until after the waters go down,'' he said.
In Macon, the state's fourth-largest city, all 150,000 residents were using bottled water after floods tainted the municipal water supply.
The defendant, Bilal Alkaisi, a 29-year-old man of Palestinian descent, was originally charged, along with five others, in the bombing conspiracy but was dropped from the case after federal prosecutors concluded that they did not have enough evidence to convict him.
The king himself leaves no doubt that, after watching Syria and the PLO each follow its own best interests in talks with Israel, he feels it is time for Jordan also to worry less about pan-Arab coordination and to look out for No.1. He is particularly blunt about wanting to climb back into Washington's good graces after falling into disfavor for having supported Iraq in the Persian Gulf war in 1991.
She delighted in planting arbors on the family's 2,000-acre Dutchess County estate in Millbrook, N.Y. Now, more than a quarter-century after her death, the philanthropy she created is giving $15 million, its largest gift ever, to the New York Botanical Garden in the Bronx.
But we won't know if it's an empty shell or there's a clam inside until after the cooking.'' 
Fidelity's chief financial officer, William Wesp, said the institution expected to report a second-quarter loss of about $800,000 attributable to a write-down of $5 million, or $3 million after tax, on the value of a portfolio of mortgage derivative securities.
``I am afraid of the end results.'' Tiest said that after three years of constant terror and repression, the Haitians' threshold for absorbing punishment had been considerably lowered.
Some Haitians said they remained optimistic that a peaceful way could be found out of the crisis that came after army leaders staged a coup on September 1991 that ousted Aristide.
The level of terror and intimidation increased on Monday after the army-backed government ordered all human rights observers from the United Nations and the Organization of American States to leave Haiti by today.
He fled the region after the September 1991 coup, he said, and moved from house to house until finding refuge in a Port-au-Prince church.
And they got almost everything.'' The administration's adoption of the group's ideas is indicative of the political influence of the black caucus, whose numbers in Congress rose from 26 to 40 after the 1992 election.
She delighted in planting arbors on the family's 2,000-acre Dutchess County estate in Millbrook, N.Y. Now, more than a quarter-century after her death, the philanthropy she created is giving $15 million, its largest gift ever, to the New York Botanical Garden in the Bronx.
The offered price represented a substantial premium over the market price of CBS stock, which rose after the offer was announced Wednesday, ending the day at $308 a share, up $8, on the New York Stock Exchange.
The action came a day after Comcast Corp., a cable television operator and minority stockholder in QVC, the home-shopping channel, thwarted the CBS merger with an unexpected and unsolicited takeover bid for QVC.
CBS also said Wednesday that it would split its stock 5 for 1 after the tender offer.
McAlpine said that if all of the CBS stock was tendered, the blended value of the offer would be about $283 a share, since the shares were selling for $263 before word of the QVC merger leaked out and would be likely to decline to their previous level after the tender.
In the all-important morning drive derby, KLSX-FM's (97.1) Howard Stern placed second after KLAX's Juan Carlos Hidalgo, followed by talk radio KABC-AM's (790) ``Ken and Barkley Company,'' and KIIS' Rick Dees.
Edwardson left Northwest after nearly four years after a string of accomplishments, including his work on the 1986 merger of Northwest and Republic Airlines and the development of Northwest's first plane-leasing program.
The company was restructured Tuesday after stockholders approved selling 55 percent of it to employees in return for $4.9 billion in wage and benefit concessions.
Paul Simon, D-Ill., for example, urged Breyer to make certain that he remains in contact with ordinary people after he joins the Supreme Court.
But the fact is that after Italy barely staggered through the qualifying round, the folks from Zurich did not blush as they automatically seeded Italy into the New Jersey group.
This time he's after a criminal who also heads the security force for a Southern California theme park.
Most of the residents come from New York City and Westchester County, having been referred to the school after emotional problems like depression were diagnosed.
``The defendant showed up after the boys' absence was noticed,'' Mrs.
After a cautious start, Italy had begun to turn up the offensive pressure, and was making foray after foray to the edge of the Bulgarian penalty area, with midfielders Dino Baggio, Demetrio Albertini and Roberto Donadoni, and the right fullback, Roberto Mussi, repeatedly sending dangerous passes toward goal.
It was not long after the investigators began trying to sell the bread to neighborhood grocery stores in Manhattan and Brooklyn that they heard from the Association of Independent Bakers and Distributors of Italian Bread.
The report by the special prosecutor, Miguel Montes Garcia, comes five weeks after he acknowledged that he had failed to turn up evidence to prove his earlier claim that the suspected assassin, Mario Aburto Martinez, had at least six accomplices in the killing, which took place at a campaign rally here on March 23.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Montes, a former governing-party congressman on leave from the Supreme Court, based his conclusion primarily on an analysis of 17 pages of scrawled political writings from a book found in a trunk belonging to Aburto, and another page and a half that the suspect is said to have written hours after his arrest.
But the book's central place in the case against Aburto has angered many critics because investigators have had the book since the day after Colosio was shot, and their hand-writing analysis confirming it as Aburto's work dates from April 18.
The 74-year-old pope, who was briefly hospitalized after breaking his thigh earlier this year, was inspired to write the book after an Italian television journalist preparing for a papal interview submitted a list of searching questions in advance.
Ms. Goertz learned firsthand the volatility of the state trying to take control of local property taxes after some members of the commission she helped head, the Education Funding Review Commission, suggested the state pool all money for public education.
The mayor conferred with the housing secretary after a campaign luncheon for Texas Attorney General Dan Morales at the City Club.
Otherwise, thoroughly shake the can before opening or stir after opening to re-homogenize the milk.
It is shelf-stable, but the flavor becomes stronger the longer it sits on the shelf after being opened.
The fireworks Allen & Co. plans to launch after a skating exhibition by Olympic gold medalist Oksana Baiul on Saturday night are estimated to cost $40,000.
In the all-important morning drive derby, KLSX-FM's (97.1) Howard Stern placed second after KLAX's Juan Carlos Hidalgo, followed by talk radio KABC-AM's (790) ``Ken and Barkley Company,'' and KIIS' Rick Dees.
Several analysts said Disney was much more likely to go after CBS now because a bid would be considered friendly at this point.
A police spokesman, Officer Andrew McInnis, said the first word came in a 911 call from the hospital at 5 p.m., five and a half hours after Hogue left the ward.
Hogue became notorious several years ago after he repeatedly threatened passersby with knives, attacked cars and approached pedestrians with newspapers that were burning like torches.
His latest stay at Creedmoor came after he was arrested last September, only a month after being conditionally discharged from the 360-acre campus to start a new life.
She said they had moved into their quarters recently after the building, which opened in the late 1950s, was renovated.
After Roberts finished the conference call with analysts on Wednesday, Goldman of Entermedia said he could understand why Comcast was going after QVC.
``It forecloses them from going after other deals.'' 
HOUSTON  (BC-TOMJANOVICH-DWI-HNS) Houston Rockets coach Rudy Tomjanovich spent early Wednesday in jail after he was arrested and charged with drunken driving.
Tomjanovich, who refused police requests to take sobriety tests, was released after posting a $500 bond and spending about six hours in the lockup in West University Place, an affluent community five miles southwest of downtown Houston.
But both sides are optimistic that, after seven months of courtship by Federated, the two companies may reach a successful conclusion perhaps by the end of the week.
Over the last year, Magnin's fortunes have improved slightly after several years of decline, but it has lost several top merchandising executives recently.
Federated took Farah to court when he announced last summer that he intended to join Macy as its chief merchant after having headed up Federated's merchandising unit.
Twenty minutes later, the Spaniard rode out of a thick screen of fog and cold mist and crossed the finish line Wednesday after another terrible show of force.
Among the day's more noteworthy casualties were Chris Boardman, the Englishman who rides for Gan and who wore the yellow jersey after he won the prologue, and Claudio Chiappucci, another Italian with Carrera, who had set his heart on winning here.
Pantani had the lead at that point after he and the other leaders overhauled a five-man breakaway that romped through a good part of the stage before the climb.
It was not long after the investigators began trying to sell the bread to neighborhood grocery stores in Manhattan and Brooklyn that they heard from the Association of Independent Bakers and Distributors of Italian Bread.
In the all-important morning drive derby, KLSX-FM's (97.1) Howard Stern placed second after KLAX's Juan Carlos Hidalgo, followed by talk radio KABC-AM's (790) ``Ken and Barkley Company,'' and KIIS' Rick Dees.
HOUSE STRIKES DOWN D.C.'S DOMESTIC PARTNERS ORDINANCE WASHINGTON  (BC-DC-GAYS-TEX) The House voted Wednesday to strike down a District of Columbia ordinance giving limited recognition to homosexual marriages after an emotional debate that included an impassioned plea for tolerance from a homosexual lawmaker.
During and after World War II, missionary children -- including several ambassadors, Henry Luce, the founder of the Time-Life empire, authors John Hersey and Pearl S.
``We played in this before we were married, after we were married, through all our boyfriends, through everything.
	Kevin Malloy, Aetna's director of advertising in Hartford, said Ammirati, which already handles corporate advertising for the parent company, had been awarded the account after an informal review that also included Mullen Advertising of Wenham, Mass.
Zinho missed wide left after Bebeto, back to the goal, found him with a splendid touch pass.
 (BC-MEXICO-VOTE-2NDTAKE-SFCHRON) Because of the recent reforms and the heavy international attention given to this year's race, most observers do not expect a repeat of the blatant election-night fraud that took place in the 1988 voting, in which an early Cardenas lead disappeared when the central vote-tallying computer mysteriously crashed hours after polls closed.
As cries of fraud grew to a crescendo after the vote, Cardenas refused to call for violent protest.
PRESIDENT VISITS FLOOD-RAVAGED GEORGIA, VOWS FEDERAL AID ALBANY, Ga.  (BC-FLOODS-CLINTON-1STLD-455&ADD-NYT) Barely stopping to sleep after returning late Tuesday night from a European summit, President Clinton and his top aides swooped into Georgia on Wednesday, quickly viewed the South's greatest flood in a century, and pledged $66 million in federal aid for this and two neighboring states.
Before swooping back out after four hours, Clinton took to television to promise local farmers that he would ask Congress for twice the normal level of aid and he urged news organizations to point out any kink in the aid pipeline so that the White House can ``put the hammer down and solve it.'' ``One thing I do not want to do,'' he said, ``is to allow this flood to become a reason for more good farmers to leave the land.'' It was an urgent display of federal generosity in a region where Clinton's popularity is at an ebb, and where two of the congressional districts that are now under water appear ready to float into Republican hands in November as the Democratic incumbents, Reps.
Clinton said it had caused ``a personal agony for tens of thousands of people.'' ``And a lot of the agony that people will have in their businesses, and these little towns that have had all their business districts wiped out, will not become apparent until after the waters go down,'' he said.
In Macon, the state's fourth-largest city, all 150,000 residents were using bottled water after floods tainted the municipal water supply.
A year and change after the highly visible goose egg laid by ``Last Action Hero,'' the man who has played Conan, cyborgs and assorted amiable big lugs with deep, Austrian-accented voices looked relaxed and happy as he met with reporters to talk about James Cameron's highly anticipated action-comedy extravaganza, ``True Lies.'' Schwarzenegger had good reason to look pleased.
TWINS RETURN TO MINNESOTA AFTER BITTER CUSTODY FIGHT HOUSTON  (BC-TWINS-CUSTODY-HNS) Twin 6-year-old girls returned to Minnesota late Wednesday after being reunited here with their sobbing foster parents, who fought a bitter 10-month battle for custody of them.
The grandmother, who fled the state on Friday after defying a court order to surrender the children, returned to Houston with the girls early Wednesday.
``Once we get home and have some time to be together some real healing will begin.'' Shortly after the reunion, the couple swept the children away to Houston's Hobby Airport.
(Kaku Kurita/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT18) ALBANY, Georgia -- July 13, 1994 -- FLOODS-CLINTON, 7-14 -- Jimmy Simmons carrying his daughter, Raine Mims, and two portraits as he waded from his wifeUs beauty salon in Albany, Ga., after the family visited it for the first time since it was inundated by the flooding.
Vargo/Los Angeles Daily News Photo) 	(NYT13) MIAMI -- July 13, 1994 -- MOB-KILLS-MOTORIST, 7-14 -- Eva Mae Knight, holding a high school graduation picture of her son, Charles Bell, mourned him Wednesday after he was shot and killed by a mob that attacked him Tuesday in a run-down neighborhood in Miami.
(Kaku Kurita/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT18) ALBANY, Georgia -- July 13, 1994 -- FLOODS-CLINTON, 7-14 -- Jimmy Simmons carrying his daughter, Raine Mims, and two portraits as he waded from his wifeUs beauty salon in Albany, Ga., after the family visited it for the first time since it was inundated by the flooding.
Vargo/Los Angeles Daily News Photo) 	(NYT13) MIAMI -- July 13, 1994 -- MOB-KILLS-MOTORIST, 7-14 -- Eva Mae Knight, holding a high school graduation picture of her son, Charles Bell, mourned him Wednesday after he was shot and killed by a mob that attacked him Tuesday in a run-down neighborhood in Miami.
Zinho missed wide left after Bebeto, back to the goal, found him with a splendid touch pass.
(Kaku Kurita/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT18) ALBANY, Georgia -- July 13, 1994 -- FLOODS-CLINTON, 7-13 -- Jimmy Simmons carrying his daughter, Raine Mims, and two portraits as he waded from his wifeUs beauty salon in Albany, Ga., after the family visited it for the first time since it was inundated by the flooding.
Vargo/Los Angeles Daily News Photo) 	(NYT13) MIAMI -- July 13, 1994 -- MOB-KILLS-MOTORIST, 7-13 -- Eva Mae Knight, holding a high school graduation picture of her son, Charles Bell, mourned him Wednesday after he was shot and killed by a mob that attacked him Tuesday in a run-down neighborhood in Miami.
(Kaku Kurita/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT18) ALBANY, Georgia -- July 13, 1994 -- FLOODS-CLINTON, 7-13 -- Jimmy Simmons carrying his daughter, Raine Mims, and two portraits as he waded from his wifeUs beauty salon in Albany, Ga., after the family visited it for the first time since it was inundated by the flooding.
Vargo/Los Angeles Daily News Photo) 	(NYT13) MIAMI -- July 13, 1994 -- MOB-KILLS-MOTORIST, 7-13 -- Eva Mae Knight, holding a high school graduation picture of her son, Charles Bell, mourned him Wednesday after he was shot and killed by a mob that attacked him Tuesday in a run-down neighborhood in Miami.
Baggio remembered feeling a sharp pain after being pushed, but could not tell how serious the injury might become.
(Kaku Kurita/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT18) ALBANY, Georgia -- July 13, 1994 -- FLOODS-CLINTON, 7-13 -- Jimmy Simmons carrying his daughter, Raine Mims, and two portraits as he waded from his wifeUs beauty salon in Albany, Ga., after the family visited it for the first time since it was inundated by the flooding.
Vargo/Los Angeles Daily News Photo) 	(NYT13) MIAMI -- July 13, 1994 -- MOB-KILLS-MOTORIST, 7-13 -- Eva Mae Knight, holding a high school graduation picture of her son, Charles Bell, mourned him Wednesday after he was shot and killed by a mob that attacked him Tuesday in a run-down neighborhood in Miami.
(Kaku Kurita/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT18) ALBANY, Georgia -- July 13, 1994 -- FLOODS-CLINTON, 7-13 -- Jimmy Simmons carrying his daughter, Raine Mims, and two portraits as he waded from his wifeUs beauty salon in Albany, Ga., after the family visited it for the first time since it was inundated by the flooding.
Vargo/Los Angeles Daily News Photo) 	(NYT13) MIAMI -- July 13, 1994 -- MOB-KILLS-MOTORIST, 7-13 -- Eva Mae Knight, holding a high school graduation picture of her son, Charles Bell, mourned him Wednesday after he was shot and killed by a mob that attacked him Tuesday in a run-down neighborhood in Miami.
(Kaku Kurita/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT18) ALBANY, Georgia -- July 13, 1994 -- FLOODS-CLINTON, 7-13 -- Jimmy Simmons carrying his daughter, Raine Mims, and two portraits as he waded from his wifeUs beauty salon in Albany, Ga., after the family visited it for the first time since it was inundated by the flooding.
Vargo/Los Angeles Daily News Photo) 	(NYT13) MIAMI -- July 13, 1994 -- MOB-KILLS-MOTORIST, 7-13 -- Eva Mae Knight, holding a high school graduation picture of her son, Charles Bell, mourned him Wednesday after he was shot and killed by a mob that attacked him Tuesday in a run-down neighborhood in Miami.
Many users of free cellular calls obtained illegally simply make a habit of fleeing a location after a day or two has passed.
The former Notre Dame star joined the team late in 1993, signing a two-year, $3-million contract on August 31 after leaving the Toronto Argonauts, and played catch-up all season.
First baseman Will Clark fled for Texas after last season.
They settled on Strawberry and all his baggage after hoping the assignment would fit Todd Benzinger, who failed, and then McGee, who tore his Achilles' tendon on June 7 and is out for the season.
We know what we did.'' Not more than a few days after he spoke those words, Thompson returned to the disabled list.
AT MIDSEASON, LEAKY PEN LOWERS OTHERWISE GOOD GRADE AVERAGE PHILADELPHIA  (BC-BBN-DODGERS-ANALYSIS-LADN) Whatever the reasons -- and there are many -- the Dodgers resume play tonight after spending the three-day All-Star break basking in the glow of a five-game division lead.
``Then there were fees that had accumulated -- the shipping and storage fees were about $12,000.'' Bella said victims have agreed to pay the storage fees, and the works will be released to the owners after they are documented and photographed.
Sweden, which drew with Brazil 1-1 in the first round, was attempting to return to the final for the first time since 1958, but its players appeared somnolent after having played through overtime and penalty kicks to defeat Romania in the quarterfinals on Sunday.
It was like the balls were always coming back in after I cleared them out.'' ``I think they played a much better game than the first time,'' Andersson said.
The Brazilians, flush with pride after dominating Sweden in a World Cup semifinal match at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, Calif., are confident.
``Brazil is the team which scored the most, played better defense and, for sure this Sunday, will come up the winners, with respect to Italy.'' Red, white and green banners waved and car horns honked in the hot, electric night as tens of thousands of Italians poured into the squares of Rome, Milan, Florence and cities across the country on Wednesday night to celebrate Italy's 2-1 World Cup semifinal victory over Bulgaria at Giants Stadium in East Rutherford, N.J. In Rome's Piazza del Popolo, where city officials set up a giant television screen for fans to watch the match, jubilant Azzurri fans shouted and danced for hours after Referee Joel Quinou's final whistle.
I figured Dallas could look like Beirut after two games, but as you've probably heard there wasn't even a dent in it.
But after 81 minutes of scoreless frustration, Romario provided the ``Beep, Beep'' goal as Brazil escaped with a 1-0 victory.
But Stefan Rehn's shot was headed out of danger, giving Brazil a chance to become the Cup's first four-time champion after winning it in 1958, '62 and '70.
Roberto Baggio, goalscorer extraordinaire, warmly embraced one teammate after the other at midfield Wednesday at Giants Stadium as the Italians celebrated the biggest moment in their lives.
Italian coach Arrigo Sacchi was reluctant to express his feelings, repeatedly saying that he would reserve celebration until after his team's mission is complete.
This is one sporting event that isn't over until after after the fat man sings.
First, it learned that nearly half its coffee crop was destroyed in the latest cold snap and now, after 24 years of whining since it last won a World Cup, this.
Not that they're going to need caffeine to stay awake back home after this tournament is over.
``Tactically, technically and physically, we controlled the whole game,'' Brazil's coach, Carlos Alberto Parreira, said with a straight face after the game.
This is one sporting event that isn't over until after after the fat man sings.
First, it learned that nearly half its coffee crop was destroyed in the latest cold snap and now, after 24 years of whining since it last won a World Cup, this.
Not that they're going to need caffeine to stay awake back home after this tournament is over.
``Tactically, technically and physically, we controlled the whole game,'' Brazil's coach, Carlos Alberto Parreira, said with a straight face after the game.
As Brazil missed scoring chance after scoring chance, you could only wish you were seeing USC's horse running around the field, or J.J. Stokes going out for a long one.
The hero of Italy's 2-1 semifinal World Cup victory over Bulgaria left the game in the 71st minute after straining a muscle, apparently the hamstring in his left leg.
He limped after the game, favoring the leg.
``I felt a very sharp pain after receiving a push,'' he said, although he didn't say who pushed him.
He was removed in the 78th minute after aggravating an already-sore muscle.
He joins defender Mauro Tassotti, out of the tournament after elbowing Spain's Luis Enrique in the quarterfinals, on the suspended list.
Fortunately for Italy, midfielder Gianfranco Zola will be eligible for the final after a two-game suspension.
 (BC-SOC-SWEDENSIDE-LADN) The Swedes took as many shots after their 1-0 loss to Brazil as during the World Cup semifinal.
``No, Brazil was much superior to us today,'' goalkeeper Thomas Ravelli said after his team's first defeat of the World Cup.
``If we didn't have the red card,'' mused Tomas Brolin, ``maybe we can do a big surprise.'' A Swedish victory would have been a shock, even after they kept Brazil off the scoreboard for 79 minutes.
``We could not recover in time,'' said coach Tommy Svensson, noting that Sweden had just two days to rest after playing 120 minutes and defeating Romania in a shootout in the quarterfinal at Stanford.
``This is something we should feel a great honor about,'' said Brazil's Branco, ``because after 24 years, we're able to come back to the final.
``When I found out two weeks after her funeral that I was pregnant, I told my ob-gyn, `I just lost my mother.
``I found it after she died and we were going through her jewelry.
Crown says she remembers hanging up the phone after learning of her mother's fatal heart attack and thinking, ``I'm 38 years old and an orphan.'' Saying she knows that might sound ludicrous, she adds, ``I know when you think of orphans you think of little children, but my father died when I was 22, now I had no mother and suddenly I felt like a helpless child.'' She also recalls ``feeling robbed because I didn't get to see her before she died and we didn't get to have a last visit.'' Today, 15 years later, the North Druid Hills resident and director of Emory Women's Center at Emory University says, ``I don't want to idealize my relationship with my mother.
I miss her so much.'' ``The first year after my mom's death, there weren't two days in a row that I didn't break down sobbing.
``And I think it's important for a motherless women to find ways to keep her mother's memory and spirit alive,'' Edelman says, ``like putting out pictures of her mother, naming children after her, lighting candles on the anniversary of her death.
IT TOOK A FEW YEARS, BUT ROB REINER FINALLY GOT HIS COMPASS TO WORK LOS ANGELES  (BC-ROB-REINER-$ADV17-COX) There are a number of people in the hotel suite where Rob Reiner is spending the day, sitting in a large chair, doing television interview after television interview on behalf of his new movie North, which opens nationally Wednesday.
It is a movie simply titled North, after its title character, an 11-year-old boy (Elijah Wood) who, despite his near-perfection, is unappreciated and ignored by his self-absorbed parents.
So he successfully files for ``free agency,'' and embarks on an around-the-world search for new parents, looked after only by an ad hoc guardian angel (Bruce Willis), who shows up in various guises to offer advice.
Clooney left the Queen City as its top-rated anchor to work for Los Angeles' KNBC-TV, but he left two years later after feuding with a boss who, Nick says, wanted to give the newscast a tabloid slant.
There's been a lot of good football/baseball players that are exceptional.'' Hallman, who is under intense pressure at LSU after three straight losing seasons, said he thinks pro baseball has made a conscious effort to lock in the multi-sport athlete.
The company, which could go public after it has established a track record for two or three years, would own the Atlanta Apparel, Gift and Merchandise marts and the Fashion Center in San Francisco.
His conversation, on air and off, is packed with ``Jeez!'' and ``Oh, God!'' and ``Awwwww!'' But with his frenzied mix of satire and silliness now the second most listened-to show in the 9 a.m. to noon time slot -- after easy-listening WRLX -- Fowler has reason to scatter his exclamation points around.
Born in Boston, raised in Ohio, he became the unofficial deejay at Parma Senior High School dances after classmates realized he had the best record collection around.
And almost instantly, she named it after the tropical storm that fathered the devastating 1994 Georgia floods.
But the public has benefited greatly from research conducted in the space program before, between and after those flights, he said.
 (BC-BIRDBREEDER-COX) A Loxahatchee man missing since June, when hundreds of dead and dying parrots worth more than $1 million were discovered on his Loxahatchee bird farm, was arrested in Georgia days after he disappeared, investigators said Wednesday.
Bhagwan ``Moses'' Lall, 31, was spotted by police in Richmond Hill, Ga., about 10 p.m. June 7 after he pulled off Interstate 95 to change a flat tire.
Florida Game & Fresh Water Fish Commission officers went to Lall's 5-acre ranch on Velazquez Road June 15 after neighbors called.
Birds bred in the United States are banded when they're babies, and the bands may stay on the birds after they've been sold.
Palm Beach County was awarded temporary custody of the birds after Lall's mother, Mahadai Lall, tried to get a court order to force the county to turn the birds over to her.
He died in a Tijuana hospital on March 23, several hours after being shot in the head and stomach at the end of a campaign rally in a poor neighborhood of that northern border city.
``Its own presidential candidate once admitted the party had failed, but he always spoke with demagoguery,'' wrote Aburto, who in a hearing before a judge in May said the gun he was holding accidentally went off after someone in the crowd struck him on the right leg.
This time he's after a criminal who also heads the security force for a Southern California theme park.
One of the more intriguing revelations in ``Stolen Portraits'' is the story of how after his mother died, Truffaut hired a private investigator to find his real father, who turned out to be a Jewish dentist.
In the film's most disturbing scenes, Vasile arrives home after a brief incarceration in a mental hospital to find that his wife has rented the premises to a film crew for a pornographic movie being shot in his very bed.
After a fight, after he'd get violent, he'd swear it would never happen again.
``They believe that adults are going to interfere but not help, and they just don't have the experience to know that with these early relationships in their lives, others that could be better will come after them.'' Often teens are trying to rebel against their families and can become dependent on an abusive boyfriend or girlfriend who represents independence.
That changed recently, after a revision in Washington state law allowed people ages 16 through 18 to obtain protection orders against people threatening them.
Throughout the film he suggests that Ray is bothered by his mother's sexuality, yet he never overdramatizes what is, after all, an intimate response.
Some federal inmates can still shorten their sentences by one-eighth through good behavior credit, but parole in the Bureau of Prisons was ended by a 1984 sentencing reform law, which affects all federal crimes committed on or after Nov.
``She did complain a lot on the set though.'' Kitt, who rose to prominence with her singing, dancing and cabaret performances in the early 1950s, criticized the Vietnam War at a White House luncheon shortly after her stint on ``Batman.'' The action hurt her ability to find TV and movie work for several years, and she was investigated as a subversive by the Central Intelligence Agency, according to a 1992 newspaper profile of Kitt.
But I realized after a while that my fellow undergraduates of color -- many from such elitist prep schools as Boston Latin, Exeter and Episcopal -- believed that if you have a high level of melanin, you were supposed to be at least Democratic (preferably socialist), talk slang, hate whitey, and keep with the brothers and sisters.'' This is a phenomenon exclusive not just to African-Americans, but to too many unprepared ``students of color'' who enter college with strong convictions like Angel's -- and depart with crippling insecurities planted by tenured racists masquerading as ``multiculturalists.'' As Emmanuel McLittle, publisher of Destiny Magazine: The New Black American, notes sadly, ``Colleges are supposed to teach students how to think and form critical valuations.
NEW STRIKE DEADLINE MONDAY SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-BART-STRIKE-HNS) BART workers' on-again, off-again strike deadline loomed large again Thursday after the transit system's biggest union rejected a proposed three-year contract.
BART officials went on a public relations offensive after the vote, noting that BART employees had enjoyed regular pay raises and generous benefits.
Wootten's resignation on Wednesday came just five days after UC announced it had exonerated him of violating state clean-government laws in connection with his steering more than $500,000 in UC contracts to patent lawyer Stanley Fisher, a longtime friend and occasional business partner of Wootten's.
The UC probe into the Fisher matter was launched in response to stories in the San Francisco Examiner describing how Wootten had helped award legal and consulting contracts to Fisher after investing in a start-up firm that Fisher was managing.
Wootten was cleared of wrongdoing in the Cowan matter after he said he had made incorrect statements on the financial report.
Frustration with Wootten reached a new peak in May, after UC had released a report by its internal audit department seeking to exonerate him in connection with the controversy over steering contracts to his friend Fisher.
CHARGES MAY BE LODGED AGAINST DISCREDITED MEDICAL EXAMINER SAN ANTONIO  (BC-MEDICAL-EXAMINER-HNS) A year after serologist Fred Zain was fired from the Bexar County (San Antonio) medical examiner's office, authorities in two states are gathering information that could lead to criminal charges.
Zain was fired from his post here last July after a complaint about his work was filed by a local law enforcement agency.
The only case found to have been falsified was that of Alejandro, who was imprisoned in 1990 after Zain falsely testified at his trial.
The grandmother, who fled the state on Friday after defying a court order to surrender the children, returned to Houston with the girls early Wednesday.
``Once we get home and have some time to be together some real healing will begin.'' Shortly after the reunion, the couple swept the children away to Houston's Hobby Airport.
Henry Cruz, attorney for the 21-year-old former Cal athlete who was picked second in last month's National Basketball Association draft by the Dallas Mavericks, made his comments Wednesday after being granted a second delay of Kidd's preliminary hearing.
Finding little or no work after ``Baby Jane,'' when she was in her 50s, she placed a notorious ``situation wanted'' ad in Daily Variety: ``Mother of three -- 10, 11 and 15 -- divorcee.
But after learning as a child that he was about to be sent to an orphanage, he bolted.
``He survived, he told me, after a dog came along and got in the box with him and together they kept each other warm.
It was I, after all, who read ``The Beauty Myth'' with a growing sense of outrage as author Naomi Wolf set forth how this country's culture of beauty undercuts women.
It was I who gave up wearing makeup for three whole months after reading the book.
Despite little publicity, a line stretched down the block after the tiny bar met its capacity of about 250 early in the evening.
I think we were in shock for a long time without even knowing it.'' Dunne, who was living in Los Angeles and working as a motion picture camera operator, traveled to Seattle to jam with the band several months after Sargent died.
``So, the movie business isn't so glamorous after all.'' It isn't so glamorous on the road, either.
In interview after interview with dazed, inarticulate festival attendees, nary a word of partisan rancor is heard.
Finally, after knowing it was 4 p.m. but hearing it chime eight times, I could stand it no longer and subtly mentioned the problem to our hosts.
I didn't want to come off like a know-it-all because we were, after all, guests.
The perception of Prosper's behind-the-scenes clout has become so widespread that a pro-democratic exile newspaper dubbed her ``la Generale'' recently after a leading member of the Aristide camp entreated her to persuade her husband to resign.
This was two months before Liddy and his men were caught breaking into the Democratic headquarters at the Watergate Hotel in Washington, D.C. The memo is important because Nixon, whom Congress sought to impeach for trying to cover up the break-in after it happened, denied any foreknowledge of Liddy's plan to burglarize the office.
15 -- well after the November congressional elections.
South Korea put its troops on a state of alert after Pyongyang announced that Kim, the North's dicator ever since the country was formed in 1948, had died.
	``I promise you there will be no dictatorship,'' the 39-year-old victor, Aleksandr Lukashenko said in his first public appearance after receiving more than 80 percent of the votes cast on Sunday.
``The attorneys' fees act certainly helped pursuade me to accept this case.'' A decade ago, Friedman represented inmates at the Long Island Correctional Facility in West Brentwood, which New York state sought to close after townspeople protested having the prison in their community.
	HARASS-SCHOOLS-LAW (Undated) -- Two years after the Supreme Court ruled that students could sue schools for monetary damages for sexual harassment or sex discrimination, the first cases are nearing trial -- and schools nationwide are watching closely, worried about their potential liability.
``We were worried that we might start stepping into the area of Helen Mirren's character,'' he said, ``so a lot of time went into making sure that didn't happen.'' While the ``Prime Suspect'' series may be finished on PBS, there is even more life for ``Cracker'' after the second season.
Songs led into guitar solos, keyboard solos, audience call-and-response bits and, after false endings, the same old vamp.
During one encore, after 2 a.m., he extended a song while he appeared in a succession of silly hats.
``I am confident that in the end this policy will eventually be overturned when it is reviewed on its face, and not on stereotypes and myths,'' Thorne said in a press conference after the decision.
He originally was removed from active duty under the old policy banning gays from serving after he announced he was gay on ABC's ``Nightline'' in 1992.
The policy would be more accurately described as `lie, hide and hope you're lucky.' '' The ``don't ask, don't tell'' policy was adopted after key lawmakers objected to implementing Clinton's campaign promise to allow homosexuals to openly serve in the military.
It's unlikely, though, that the early settlers plunged into the river after practicing their surfer spins under a high-tech banzai curl, or riding an aquatic roller coaster.
I felt I could spend all day floating in that cool circle, particularly after I noticed the temperature read 105 degrees.
(STORY CAN END HERE -- OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The Marines on the ships off Haiti's coast could launch emergency evacuations six hours after receiving orders to do so.
President Lyndon Johnson ordered 405 Marines into the Dominican Republic's capital of Santo Domingo in April 1965 only after receiving a desperate plea from the U.S. ambassador there: ``Mr. President,'' he said, ``if you do not send forces immediately, men and women, Americans and those of other lands, will die in the streets.'' Johnson, announcing his action, said: ``There was no time to talk, to consult or to delay for in this situation delay itself would be a decision.'' The evacuation exercise later expanded into an invasion.
(STORY CAN END HERE -- OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The Marines on the ships off Haiti's coast could launch emergency evacuations six hours after receiving orders to do so.
President Lyndon Johnson ordered 405 Marines into the Dominican Republic's capital of Santo Domingo in April 1965 only after receiving a desperate plea from the U.S. ambassador there: ``Mr. President,'' he said, ``if you do not send forces immediately, men and women, Americans and those of other lands, will die in the streets.'' Johnson, announcing his action, said: ``There was no time to talk, to consult or to delay for in this situation delay itself would be a decision.'' The evacuation exercise later expanded into an invasion.
Throughout the film he suggests that Ray is bothered by his mother's sexuality, yet he never overdramatizes what is, after all, an intimate response.
Foley, D-Wash., said Thursday after meeting with White House officials.
-- Barbra Streisand sold an additional 28,000 seats to a record seven-show sellout at Madison Square Gardens less than two hours after extra tickets went on sale.
Bob Dole last month that four days after expressing doubts about Oliver North as a Senate candidate in Virginia he ate his words, endorsed North and gave him $5,000 in PAC money.
	Clearly, he is still smarting from the wrangle five years ago over ``Tilted Arc,'' his giant sculpture that bisected the space in front of 26 Federal Plaza in lower Manhattan until it was dismantled and removed by the city in 1989, after complaints that it made the plaza unusable.
Obviously, it's not going to be easy.'' 	The project was announced after the museum board voted in favor of Serra's proposal, but before the city approved the project.
Throughout the film he suggests that Ray is bothered by his mother's sexuality, yet he never overdramatizes what is, after all, an intimate response.
President Francois Mitterrand, 77, a former Resistance fighter who presided over his 14th Bastille Day parade, and his last before retiring, said critics were thinking of the past and ``I am looking to the future.'' Mitterrand, who gives enormous weight to relations with Germany, invited the troops after Chancellor Helmut Kohl was excluded from ceremonies last month marking the 50th anniversary of the Allied landings at Normandy.
You also can program it to stop trying to reach you after a certain number of efforts or after a certain time of day.
``You're not the same people after these inventions become a major part of your lives.'' 
There is, after all, more accommodating and cheery real estate available to the acquisitive cyclist than Long Island, at least that portion of it between the East River and the South Fork, a stretch that many New Yorkers are familiar with only through strategy sessions aimed at devising the quickest, most painless traverses -- via motorized transport, of course -- on Friday and Sunday evenings.
I left my apartment shortly after 5 a.m. (there is no better biking in America than on Third Avenue at dawn); some friends met me at the Montauk Lighthouse (thank goodness) just before 8 p.m. That's slow, I grant you, and it seems particularly so now, with the times for the Tour de France leaders in the paper every day (127 miles in 5 hours 12 minutes 53 seconds -- egads!), but I won't apologize.
It's seven miles or so before you make a jog around Shea Stadium and through College Point, but after you join Northern Boulevard again you could stay on it, if you wanted to, for 100 miles (it turns into State Route 25A), all the way to Greenport.
On this trip I was interested in none of this; it was after 4 o'clock when I got off the first ferry, and I bolted straight through along Route 114, four miles to the other side of the island (not a bad ride, just expedient where you'd rather not have to be) and onto the south ferry, which dropped me in Sag Harbor.
Wake me up after the World Cup soccer stuff is over.
Being a magazine subscriber has become a bummer since they started badgering people to renew about a month after the subscription begins.
There is, after all, more accommodating and cheery real estate available to the acquisitive cyclist than Long Island, at least that portion of it between the East River and the South Fork, a stretch that many New Yorkers are familiar with only through strategy sessions aimed at devising the quickest, most painless traverses -- via motorized transport, of course -- on Friday and Sunday evenings.
I left my apartment shortly after 5 a.m. (there is no better biking in America than on Third Avenue at dawn); some friends met me at the Montauk Lighthouse (thank goodness) just before 8 p.m. That's slow, I grant you, and it seems particularly so now, with the times for the Tour de France leaders in the paper every day (127 miles in 5 hours 12 minutes 53 seconds -- egads!), but I won't apologize.
It's seven miles or so before you make a jog around Shea Stadium and through College Point, but after you join Northern Boulevard again you could stay on it, if you wanted to, for 100 miles (it turns into State Route 25A), all the way to Greenport.
On this trip I was interested in none of this; it was after 4 o'clock when I got off the first ferry, and I bolted straight through along Route 114, four miles to the other side of the island (not a bad ride, just expedient where you'd rather not have to be) and onto the south ferry, which dropped me in Sag Harbor.
``I started working on this practically the day after the Caracalla concert,'' said Rudas, a Hungarian producer who has presented Pavarotti's biggest concerts for the last 14 years, including last year's performance in Central Park for an estimated 500,000 listeners.
Holbrooke, who, after less than a year in Bonn, is becoming assistant secretary of state for European and Canadian affairs.
From Romario, the game-breaking bit of brilliance came in the air, when he leaped like Muggsy Bogues -- Romario is only 5-6, after all -- and while floating in the air jack-knifed his body to drill a powerful header into the net.
They lost the talented right fullback, Roberto Mussi, to an ankle sprain, only to see his replacement, Mauro Tassotti, draw an eight-game suspension after the fact for elbowing Luis Enrique of Spain and breaking his nose in the quarterfinal game.
Amazingly, she redeems the moment with a bit of klutzy slapstick -- after all, Helen's only a wife and mom pretending to be a femme fatale.
And Tom Arnold, playing Schwarzenegger's mouthy sidekick, suggests he might have a career after Roseanne after all.
``Capricorn One'' (1978): James Brolin, Sam Waterston and Simpson are astronauts who fake a Mars landing on a sound stage after their spaceship is discovered to be defective.
In the last two years, the army has reached cease-fire agreements with several ethnic rebel groups, allowing it to concentrate on Khun Sa after several years of waging only a nominal campaign against him.
One prominent biologist here recalled that after she appeared on a list of Colombia's 10 most influential women, her husband stopped talking to her for three months.
South Korea put its troops on a state of alert after North Korea announced that Kim, the North's dictator ever since the country was formed in 1948, had died.
Mary Jo White, the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York, said the grand jury charged that King received $350,000 in insurance after submitting a contract he said he had with Chavez that entitled the fighter to $350,000 in training fees if the bout was canceled.
He also was at the center of a breach-of-contract lawsuit with Bill Cayton after Tyson switched managers from Cayton to King.
``She may have been a little exhausted by giving birth to 40 eggs in one night.'' The four female newts were given hormones to release fertilized eggs before and just after Columbia launched.
Some owners, after all, are billionaires, and with much longer careers.
The administration's $9.3 billion, five-year plan mixes more money for education and training with work requirements in an attempt to straddle the gulf between Democrats and Republicans and fulfill Clinton's popular campaign promise to ``end welfare as we know it.'' The proposal calls for a two-year limit on welfare for recipients born after 1972.
``These may seem like drastic cuts, but even after the cuts, California still has the fourth-highest grant in the country, after Alaska, Hawaii and Vermont,'' said Shannon Bowman, a spokeswoman for California's Health and Welfare Agency.
They can't put pressure on politicians.'' Berlusconi, whose brother Paolo is facing trial on corruption charges after preventive detention in March, offered no immediate comment on what is bound to be interpreted here as a further step to consolidate power by molding public institutions.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) However, the guidelines recommend hearing tests and antibiotics if the symptoms persist after three months.
In a statement, Dammerman noted Keehner's ``important contribution'' to Kidder, Peabody, ``both before its relationship with GE and since.'' In the same statement, Keehner said that at this point in Kidder, Peabody's management transition he was taking the opportunity to pursue a ``long-term ambition of managing my own company.'' Keehner's departure from Kidder, Peabody comes two weeks after his wife, Helen B.
STUDENTS SEEK DAMAGES FOR HARASSMENT  (BC-HARASS-SCHOOLS-LAW-ART-705(2TAKES)-NYT) Two years after the Supreme Court ruled that students could sue schools for monetary damages for sexual harassment or sex discrimination, the first round of cases are nearing trial -- and schools across the country are watching closely, worried about their potential liability.
The evidence for this theory is that plaque cells taken from about a third of the patients whose arteries re-narrowed after the balloon procedure, angioplasty, have lost their brakes on growth.
In his study, Epstein focused on a particularly perplexing problem in cardiology -- the regrowth of plaque after treatment with angioplasty, a popular way of opening clogged arteries by inserting a tiny balloon and inflating it, in essence squashing the plaque against the artery walls.
``But she knew that that was what he wanted.'' Chief Magistrate Annie Ruth Steedley of the magistrate court in Homerville, Ga., ordered the Beneficiary Book after seeing an ad in a local newspaper.
A decision to remove the controversial language after weeks of talks could mean a showdown in Congress over the five-year, $28 billion crime-fighting bill prior to lawmakers' summer recess in August.
If I had to leave that place, which I loved so desperately, I felt it made more sense to come to New York.'' Sure enough, after the January earthquake, the building was torn down after being declared uninhabitable.
California, after all, is the center of the personal computer industry and home to hundreds of visionaries hoping to strike it rich in interactive media.
Voyager marks Stein's effort ``to re-enter the mainstream in a way I felt acceptable'' after realizing that ``the revolution was more years off than I was comfortable with.'' Art and technology intersect at Voyager.
``This,'' he said, ``is the scariest thing I've ever done in my life.'' The Pledge: A Concrete Call For Time Limits The pledge took shape in October 1991, after a phone call to the pollsters.
But after that, if they're able to work, they'll have to take a job in the private sector, or start earning their way through community service.'' George Stephanopoulos, then a top campaign aide, said Clinton read the Ellwood paper carefully, and was convinced on both policy and political grounds.
To save money and bureaucratic chaos, the plan would phase in the work requirements slowly, applying them only to women born after 1971.
Seattle talk-show radio hosts have made not-so-subtle suggestions to fans: ``Buy a Mariners cap, then wear it backward to mock Showalter and support Junior.'' One Seattle newspaper went so far as to use a 1991 file photo of Showalter holding his daughter Allie the day he was named Yankee manager -- moments after Allie had twisted his cap around backward, a la Griffey.
Some owners, after all, are billionaires, and with much longer careers.
Gephardt of Missouri, are cultivating their colleagues in one meeting after another.
The astronauts, however, returned to Earth safely on April 17 after a harrowing journey that looped them once around the moon without landing.
Young and Duke landed on the moon on April 20 after a steering system problem caused a near abort.
The reorganization comes as Mercedes-Benz's fortunes in the important United States market are improving after several years of losing customers to Japanese luxury marques.
``The market is only going to get more difficult, more challenging.'' Goldberg joined Mercedes-Benz in January after working for Burson-Marsteller as a consultant to the company.
Further underscoring the rebels' victory, the man they have designated to head a government of ``national unity,'' Faustin Twagiramungu, arrived in Kigali on Thursday, after several months in exile.
25 YEARS AFTER APOLLO, THE U.S. SPACE PROGRAM IS IN FLUX  (BC-APOLLO-FUTURE-475&ADD-SFCHRON) The first human steps on the moon were a badly needed success, coming a dozen years after the Soviet Union had launched its Sputnik satellite.
JOY TURNS TO CONCERN AS BAGGIO NURSES INJURY WARREN, N.J.  (BC-SOC-WCUP-BAGGIO-480&ADD-NYT) The first serious hint of a country's concern came well after the beginning of Italy's celebration.
That is, until the first question after Baggio emerged from the dressing room, a standard for lottery winners and heroes: ``How do you feel?'' The question had to do with Baggio's joyous sense of accomplishment.
It was a triumph of soccer because they always play entertaining soccer.'' Gianfranco Zola, a midfielder who is eligible to play after serving a two-game suspension because of a red card in the round of 16 game against Nigeria, is believed to be the most likely replacement if Baggio cannot play.
Mozer, 39, was also fined $30,000 after pleading guilty to two felony counts of lying to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York when he filed the false bids.
At about the same time in Italy on Wednesday, after the Italian team had defeated Bulgaria to gain its first trip to the World Cup finals since 1982, the RAI television network conducted a poll regarding Coach Arrigo Sacchi.
Altsys had sued shortly after the merger was announced in March, claiming the deal would breach its licensing agreement.
Four months later, the United States matched the feat after overcoming a frustrating string of failures.
On May 25, 1961, just three weeks after Shepard's suborbital trip, Kennedy announced a bold response to the Soviet challenge in a speech to a joint session of Congress.
 (BC-APOLLO-LANDING-$ADV17-2ndTake-HNS) With safety modifications, Apollo 7 and a crew of three lifted off on the first test flight 20 months after the fatal blaze.
The trust developed between them through rehearsal after rehearsal in Houston leapt to the fore as the two astronauts neared their destination.
Three weeks after the state Supreme Court overturned the two lower courts and revoked the adoption, the Illinois Legislature overwhelmingly passed a law that might help the adoptive parents keep ``Baby Richard.'' The law, which Edgar eagerly signed, requires a hearing to consider a child's best interest in custody proceedings when an adoption is denied or revoked on appeal, as the Baby Richard case was.
He hasn't so far, and it's been three years and three months of fighting.'' In the early going of that fight, two lower courts ruled Kirchner ``unfit'' because he had failed to show any interest in the child after he was born on March 16, 1991.
On Mother's Day, May 12, Daniella told him the truth; soon after that he contacted Heinemann.
The Rwandan rebels and private human rights monitoring organizations have urged France not to let its safe area become a refuge for Hutu militias or members of the rump government, which has been accused of unleashing a wave of massacres against Tutsi after the death of President Juvenal Habyarimana on April 6 in a plane crash.
A criminal lawyer hired by Colosio's widow to represent her in the case after she lost confidence in Montes was unequivocal.
The lawyer, Juan Gonzalez, described the prosecutor's conclusions as ``ridiculous, period.'' According to a draft copy of the special prosecutor's final report, Montes asserts that under former Attorney General Diego Valades, investigators had embraced the idea of wider involvement in the case before he took it over on March 28, five days after Colosio's death.
Privately, Valades had in fact been a leading critic of Montes's investigation until he was removed from his post six weeks ago; in particular, officials say he questioned the special prosecutor's reliance on what turned out to be inconclusive videotapes of the pushing and shoving that took place after the rally to conclude initially that at least six men had abetted Mario Aburto Martinez, the confessed gunman.
As Montes's report acknowledgees, however, Miss Gonzalez identified Sanchez as a man she had seen with Aburto days before the assassination after he was put in a lineup that was otherwise filled with the police officers.
The pursuit occurred on the evening of June 17, a few hours after Simpson had suddenly vanished rather than surrendering to the authorities on charges of murdering his former wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend Ronald Goldman.
He can't play, anyway, after getting a red card for hip-checking Brazil's Dunga in the 63d minute of Wednesday's 1-0 loss.
Elite Army paratroopers who would probably lead an invasion of Haiti stepped up night training exercises at Fort Bragg, N.C. The administration announced that 15 countries had signaled a willingness to join a multinational force that would maintain order and retrain Haiti's security forces after the current military regime leaves.
A day after the administration's senior foreign policy advisers briefed congressional leaders on Haiti policy, Sen.
The latest comments seemed to contradict those made in an interview with National Public Radio in June, when he had said: ``Never, never, never would I agree to be restored to power by an invasion.'' The White House said that as many as 15 nations have signaled they would participate in a multinational force to maintain security on Haiti after the military leaders leave.
Coming just a day after the collapse of the proposed merger between CBS and QVC Inc., the deal represented what CBS executives called a welcome injection of good news for an embattled network.
``It absolutely gives us a positive bounce after the QVC business.'' Christopher Dixon, a media analyst for Paine Webber, said the deal was not likely to affect any potential sale of CBS.
In 1991, the papers said, the woman was denied a promotion after a man who was to have become her subordinate said he would not work for a woman.
The astronauts, however, returned to Earth safely on April 17 after a harrowing journey that looped them once around the moon without landing.
Young and Duke landed on the moon on April 20 after a steering system problem caused a near abort.
The strike came after the company sought union approval to close a Wilkes-Barre, Pa., factory employing 1,200 and move the work to contractors overseas.
On Tuesday, after the Senate killed a bill that would have outlawed striker replacement, President Clinton sent a pointed letter to Donald V.
Four months later, the United States matched the feat after overcoming a frustrating string of failures.
On May 25, 1961, just three weeks after Shepard's suborbital trip, Kennedy announced a bold response to the Soviet challenge in a speech to a joint session of Congress.
The FCC, which had been embarrassed last year after its seemingly strict first set of cable price regulations actually sent many prices up instead of down, hailed the results of the new survey.
The odds of those two players being first and second after the first round would have been astronomical, but not nearly as high as they would have been on Faldo playing the wrong ball in a major.
``Am I making the bookies a little nervous?'' said Watson, whose odds have dropped from 66-1 to 50-1 to 33-1 to 16-1 to 14-1 after his three-birdie, one-bogey round Thursday.
The bond market led stocks higher, beginning a surge Thursday morning after the Government reported that retail sales rose a modest six-tenths of 1 percent in June, providing more evidence that the economy was not overheating.
The Nasdaq composite index shed half its gains in the afternoon after Cisco Systems plunged 4\, to 19}, dragging down other technology issues.
plunged as much as 48 percent Thursday after the company forecast lower-than-expected third-quarter earnings, citing a margin decrease caused by pricing pressure and action taken to reduce inventory.
rose 2232, to 3 2432, after the biotechnology company said it would introduce four psychiatric drugs on an accelerated schedule.
Digital Equipment, fell 1\, to 20[, after the computer maker said it would take a restructuring charge of $1.2 billion.
Kendall rose 3, to 54, after Tyco International said it would buy the company in a $1.4 billion stock swap.
OneComm rose 8[, to 28{, after Nextel Communications agreed to acquire it for $650 million in stock.
Enquirer/Star Group dropped 1{, to 15}, after Macfadden Holdings and Boston Ventures dropped their offer late Wednesday to buy the 43 percent of the company they do not own.
But there he was Thursday, two-putting from six feet on 18, after he had two-putted from 10 feet at six and then from five feet on seven.
He had also fashioned a first-round 68 at Oakmont, only to stagger home Sunday with a 74, ultimately a non-factor in the wild scramble from which Els emerged victorious the next day after a three-way playoff.
I view it as an attempt to purge welfare rolls of people that are cheating,'' Bush said after a news conference at Dallas' Bill J.
The current Federated management, which was brought in after the Campeau debacle, will have to persuade investors that it has not overpaid again in doling out $4.1 billion in securities and cash for Macy, about $600 million more than it offered only months ago.
ESCAPED MENTAL PATIENT IS CAPTURED AND RETURNED TO HOSPITAL NEW YORK  (BC-NY-LARRY-HOGUE-765-(2TAKES)-NYT) Larry Hogue, a symbol of New York state's failure to effectively treat mentally ill drug addicts, was apprehended Thursday at a bank in New Rochelle, just a day after he fled a state mental hospital where he had been held since September.
But after picking up the check at 11:30, he just kept walking, probably through one of the unguarded pathways that lead through the fence, Ms. Schechter said.
Vernon Mason, said Hogue called him shortly after his arrest and said he was at the bank because ``he had some pressing bills he had to pay.'' Hogue had no illegal drugs on him when he was arrested, but neither did he have the medications to treat his mental illness, police said.
The arrest was made after the couple, Edith and Gerald Schaeffer, picked the suspect, Sandor Sebok, 39, out of a lineup Thursday, according to Cristyne Lategano, Mayor Rudolph Giuliani's press secretary.
Sebok was originally arrested for involvement in the Vera Wang holdup a few weeks after the robbery.
Sebok was arrested after being picked out of the lineup Thursday.
Richards' remarks came less than a month after she lashed out at what she called ``the radical right'' in an address at the state Democratic Party convention in Fort Worth.
A GOVERNMENT STRUGGLES TO BE BORN MINEOLA, N.Y.  (BC-NY-NASSAU-GOVERNMENT-715-(2TAKES)-NYT) More than two hundred years after the U.S. Constitution created a directly elected legislature as a cornerstone of American democracy, Nassau County is being compelled to give it a try.
The Board of Supervisors, after all, has not made a name for itself as a vehicle for high drama.
The issue was revived three years ago when the lawsuit against Nassau was filed, after a 1989 decision by the U.S. Supreme Court that struck down New York City's Board of Estimate and set in motion the revision of the city's charter.
The Giuliani administration's relationship with Koeppel came into the spotlight this week after the disclosure that 15 campaign workers and mayoral aides had rented apartments from Koeppel on lease terms that gave most of them their first two weeks to three months of occupancy without rent.
But officials said the figure might rise after more research was completed, perhaps to $550 million or $600 million.
One man said he would put the sod next to grass he plucked from the field of Shea Stadium after the Mets won the World Series in 1969.
But officials said the figure might rise after more research was completed, perhaps to $550 million or $600 million.
One man said he would put the sod next to grass he plucked from the field of Shea Stadium after the Mets won the World Series in 1969.
Shortly after leaving the Brooklyn warehouse, the authorities said, Delgado dropped off Heraldo.
Van Etten, the senior Customs agent in New York City, said agents searched the cargo of roofing material after something in the shipping documents raised suspicions.
ADVANCE FOR SUNDAY, JULY 17 HOUSTON  (BC-APOLLO-MOONROCKS-$ADV17-HNS) A quarter-century after the first moon landing, the lunar dust has yet to settle -- at least here on Earth.
JORDAN ASKED TO HELP LOCATE NEW JERSEY MURDER SUSPECT NEW YORK  (BC-NJ-JORDAN-KILLING-NYT) New Jersey officials asked Jordanian diplomats in Washington on Thursday for help in the pursuit of a murder suspect who authorities think fled to his native Jordan with his two children a day after he strangled his estranged wife.
During the last five years, the number of automobile accidents involving officers responding to emergencies or racing after suspects has risen by more than 17 percent, according to Police Department statistics.
Lt. Cooley said the failure rate for the last two driving classes in the last year was only 5.6 percent, partly because driver recruits can get tutoring after regular hours.
Health problems forced him to quit working in 1991, about six years after he left Kaiser for another job, he said.
Seven of those cancer victims or their heirs have filed for compensation and have been denied after the company contested them, according to Brewer's attorney.
Gerald Greenwald took over as head of the Chicago-based airline Tuesday after about 70 percent of shareholders approved an employee buyout.
The company scaled back West Coast shuttle service in recent years after finding it could not compete against Southwest.
Grady Leavins, who owns an Apalachicola seafood business, said he feared that the bay could be closed longer than the three weeks it was shut after a 1990 flood.
The U.S. Attorney's Office in Los Angeles said the settlement with Litton Computer Services data center was accepted and the case was dismissed Thursday, six years after the company was sued by James Carton, a former aide to the division's president who died in December, and Taxpayers Against Fraud, a Washington, D.C.-based watchdog group.
``They kept on doing it even after we sued,'' Daniels said.
Stein was named the first medical examiner of Cook County -- Chicago and environs -- in 1976, shortly after the post was created to make it a professional position.
In 1956, after her marriage to Lt. Col.
He joined HBO in 1979 as an associate counsel after being an associate in the Manhattan-based law firm of Cahill Gordon & Reindel.
``They understand that the cornerstone of this political culture has become a kind of legalized bribery.'' Balducci, 52, was elected to the Senate in 1992 after nine terms as a representative from Newington.
Cowlings, who remains free on $250,000 bail, was arrested June 17 after the sensational slow-speed police pursuit in which he drove the Bronco about 60 miles over Southern California freeways.
So three days after they drafted Glenn, they waived Thomas and his $900,000 salary.
His backup will be Perry Williams, who joined the Jets as an unrestricted free agent after 10 seasons with the Giants.
``He's played against big guys,'' Carroll said after the draft, ``and has shown he ability to handle them physically.
``I finally got rid of all my coaches and went to Bob Toski three months ago and got my old natural feel back.'' That natural feel helped Little, 42, produce a four-under-par 67 Thursday that gave her a share of the lead with Nancy Ramsbottom after the first round of the JAL Big Apple Classic at the Wykagyl Country Club.
But Little refused to be daunted by the swirling winds and finished her round with a flourish, birdieing her last two holes, the par-four eighth and ninth, after having started on the back nine.
Starting on the back nine, Little made the turn after a scorching four-under-par 32, making four birdies, no bogeys and virtually no mistakes.
At No. 6, she two-putted for her first bogey after chipping to within three feet.
Salinas said that after consulting with relatives of the candidate, Luis Donaldo Colosio, he had named a law professor who heads the Academy of Penal Sciences, Olga Islas Magallanes de Gonzalez Mariscal, to take over the investigation.
A criminal lawyer, Juan Gonzalez, who was hired by Colosio's widow after she lost confidence in Montes, was unequivocal.
Montes took over the investigation on March 28, five days after Colosio's was killed during a campaign stop in Tijuana.
Privately, Valades had in fact been a leading critic of Montes's investigation until he was removed from his post six weeks ago; in particular, officials say he questioned the special prosecutor's reliance on what turned out to be inconclusive videotapes of the pushing and shoving that took place after the rally to conclude initially that at least six men had abetted Mario Aburto Martinez, the confessed gunman.
As Montes's report acknowledgees, however, Miss Gonzalez identified Sanchez as a man she had seen with Aburto days before the assassination after he was put in a lineup that was otherwise filled with the police officers.
The Braves were in the race to stay after that, and eventually finished one game ahead of the Dodgers to claim the division title.
``This is a huge road trip for us,'' said relief pitcher Jim Gott, freshly activated from the disabled list after his June 9 appendectomy.
