I respected the man.'' Rogers said Grieve was at the wrong place at the wrong time after 10 years as Rangers GM.
Acting general manager Sandy Johnson was the one who originally brought Kennedy to Grieve's attention after the Rangers fired Bobby Valentine midway through the 1992 season.
He let Doug Rader continue through the start of the 1985 season but fired him after a 9-23 start, replacing him with Valentine.
But the first thing Bob Quinn did after becoming the San Francisco Giants general manager on Dec.
``But after looking at the films, I felt sick.
In past efforts against powerful foes (such as the Wisconsin game last year), the Mustangs -- in classic underdog fashion -- were worn down in the fourth quarter after a spirited fight during the first three periods.
I don't believe it will work if you impose things from above.'' One of Grieve's first major moves after becoming general manager was to hire Johnson on Nov.
``I honestly believe, after today, baseball is never going to be the same,'' Dodgers center fielder and union representative Brett Butler said from his home near Atlanta.
The World Series made it through the so-called Black Sox scandal of 1919 -- when members of the Chicago White Sox were accused of throwing the Series and were banned from the sport for life -- through World War I, the Great Depression, World War II, and the Bay Area earthquake in 1989, which postponed the series between San Francisco and Oakland for 10 days after two games had been played.
 (BC-BASEBALL-CANCELED-2ndtake-LADN) Baseball, after all, is supposed to be the game of the American people, the national pastime.
``I honestly believe, after today, baseball is never going to be the same,'' Dodgers center fielder and union representative Brett Butler said from his home near Atlanta.
 (BC-BASEBALL-CANCELED-2ndtake-LADN) Baseball, after all, is supposed to be the game of the American people, the national pastime.
Eight snow and Persian leopards will eventually be moved back into the main zoo after construction of the Leopards of Asia exhibit, which will replace the old row cages where the cats used to be housed.
For the next two hours, and again after dark, roving bands moved through the Shankill area, taking on the police from a distance.
Not until after World War II, when backyard grilling became part of the suburban good life, did commercial bottled sauces become widely available.
Two winters ago, Bill Curry hired Mike Archer to coach Kentucky's defense, and after the 1993 season Archer was hailed as a master planner.
The Graddick commercial reflects what Republican strategists have been finding in poll after poll across the South in recent weeks.
Two years later, President Clinton called for more inspectors to address the problem, after more than 350 people were poisoned by hamburgers served at a fast-food chain.
The restaurants will start serving nearly two weeks before the Games open, beginning July 6, 1996, and continue after closing ceremonies through Aug.
Not until after World War II, when backyard grilling became part of the suburban good life, did commercial bottled sauces become widely available.
Two winters ago, Bill Curry hired Mike Archer to coach Kentucky's defense, and after the 1993 season Archer was hailed as a master planner.
The Graddick commercial reflects what Republican strategists have been finding in poll after poll across the South in recent weeks.
Two years later, President Clinton called for more inspectors to address the problem, after more than 350 people were poisoned by hamburgers served at a fast-food chain.
The restaurants will start serving nearly two weeks before the Games open, beginning July 6, 1996, and continue after closing ceremonies through Aug.
In a article last year in The New Yorker magazine, Thomas was depicted as still angry and embittered over his confirmation hearing and indebted to the conservatives who stuck with him after the accusations of Anita Hill.
Convicted after pleading guilty to illegally providing two semiautomatic pistols to a high-ranking gang member, San Antonio lawyer Raul E.
One other defendant was sentenced to three years' probation after pleading guilty to aiding the gang out of fear he would be murdered if he refused.
Was her lowest point when she realized that these days, liquor stores are the only place to get good moving boxes, which means that as you move into your new home, your new neighbors peek through their miniblinds and see box after box labeled ``scotch'' and ``bourbon'' going into your home and the next day show up at your door with a thoughtful welcome gift: a gift-wrapped liver?
But after the food arrived, we realized that her flatware was still packed in a box in a bedroom that was stacked with so many other boxes that it looked like a Rubik's Cube with carpet.
Finally, after watching most of my sour cream and cheese land on the kitchen floor, I gave up on the ladle and ate with my pocketknife.
Was it to clean my fingernails after changing the oil in my truck?
It's a place where strangers become new best friends after the second rum drink, and the man pouring those drinks at the beachside tiki bar used to be the Camel cigarette model.
The idea of the survey was raised at the organization's annual meeting last spring, after Energy Secretary Hazel O'Leary suggested in a Houston speech that the industry needed to find an effective spokesman, on the level of former Chrysler Chairman Lee Iaccoca, to tell the industry's story to the American people.
Brown, who was removed as Independent Petroleum Association membership chairman after he challenged the merger, said he expects a showdown at the organization's annual meeting in Phoenix in November.
The idea of the survey was raised at the organization's annual meeting last spring, after Energy Secretary Hazel O'Leary suggested in a Houston speech that the industry needed to find an effective spokesman, on the level of former Chrysler Chairman Lee Iaccoca, to tell the industry's story to the American people.
Brown, who was removed as Independent Petroleum Association membership chairman after he challenged the merger, said he expects a showdown at the organization's annual meeting in Phoenix in November.
I can only say that in May, I knew my father was right when he said that after nine years in the major leagues, my brother had found his zone.
We are, after all, products of our two parents and of a certain American dream.
The film, which was caught up in Orion Pictures financial difficulties and is being released a three years after it was shot, is a domestic drama about an American military family: an Army major (Tommy Lee Jones) who works in atomic bomb testing, his free-spirited wife (Jessica Lange), and two daughters (Amy Locane and Anna Klemp).
And NBC's ``Homicide: Life on the Street'' finally gets a start-of-the-season premiere after two mid-season exposures of its intense cop world.
This incident occurred after I had been on the job for several weeks, long enough to know that questions about omissions would be awkwardly received -- and ignored.
They didn't confide in me, but one pointed out shortly after my arrival that Jiang Zemin, the president of China, likes to improve his English by reading the Daily every morning.
This incident occurred after I had been on the job for several weeks, long enough to know that questions about omissions would be awkwardly received -- and ignored.
They didn't confide in me, but one pointed out shortly after my arrival that Jiang Zemin, the president of China, likes to improve his English by reading the Daily every morning.
We're here to write laws, and laws are mandates, like Social Security or a death penalty.'' Stark's comments came the day after Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell, D-Maine, said he and the so-called mainstream group of Republican and Democratic moderates haven't given up on health care reform.
The director's career was uneven after that 1963 high point.
Put on the shelf after Orion Pictures' bankruptcy, ``Blue Sky'' is among Richardson's finest work, a film as strong and as flawed as its heroine.
While Hank goes after her, the younger daughter, Becky (Anna Klemp), says, ``It's starting again.'' The older daughter, Alex (Amy Locane), is at a more irreverent age.
I'm tired.'' The understated depths Jones reaches offer a reminder of his range after a series of over-the-top character roles in films like ``The Client'' and ``Natural Born Killers.'' The problems in ``Blue Sky'' turn up in a script that is sometimes obvious and melodramatic.
and you don't want a World Series and you don't want to play, don't look to me for any sympathy.'' Andy Burrows, a Yankees fan who moved to San Francisco from New York a few weeks ago, wondered whether some fans would ever return to baseball after the labor dispute.
It is, after all, the United States of Mexico.
It is, after all, the United States of Mexico.
The last time I had approached a neighbor was to use her phone after locking myself out of the house.
I did remember how to do this, after all.
In novel after novel, she has trained her eye on that shadowy area where the public and the private intersect, that anomalous emotional territory where purely personal passions overlap with ideological ideals, where the hopes and yearnings of individuals run up against the unyielding wall of political realities.
Now, after years, the Maqomas have finally returned to South Africa, but given the seismic shifts in the political landscape, Didymus is regarded as a tired and politically compromised member of the old guard.
It's a strangely chilling realization, and it perhaps accounts for the potent, if not always pleasant, aura that Vera continues to radiate in our minds, long after we have finished this book.
She doesn't speak any English, but in gestures and a foreign tongue no one has ever heard, manages to communicate her name -- Caraboo -- and the intelligence that she is the daughter of a faraway king, fallen on hard times after being abducted on the high seas.
Anyway, after a night of passion in their D.C.-area Victorian fixer-upper (the backside shots work for Mel Gibson, right?), Max and the missus are savagely and inexplicably assaulted by thugs who blow the place to smithereens.
Frank Drebin (Leslie Nielsen) goes after a terrorist at the Oscar ceremonies.
But he can't do much to satisfy her yen for glamour and excitement, and after yet another scandalous incident results in Hank's transfer from Hawaii to a dreary Alabama base, Carly's increasingly disruptive behavior threatens to destroy the family.
``Blue Sky'' is named after the top-secret nuclear test project Hank is working on.
But incredibly, the film's message, reinforced with astonishingly inappropriate pop music, seems to be that with enough love, the most dysfunctional families can live happily ever after -- the emotional equivalent of a blue sky after a fatal dose of radiation.
Still, doing both jobs certainly cuts down on your options, because you can't improvise as much as an actor or a director.'' Understandably a bit fatigued after that job and the ``Good Person'' run, the constantly working Phillips now plans to spend a little time at home with his new wife, Kelly.
She doesn't speak any English, but in gestures and a foreign tongue no one has ever heard, manages to communicate her name -- Caraboo -- and the intelligence that she is the daughter of a faraway king, fallen on hard times after being abducted on the high seas.
Love and money, after all, may come and go, but mutual good taste is an eternal bond.
The problem for ``Under Suspicion'' is sustaining the concept and the captivating moodiness week after week.
So begins Vanessa's 24-year search for her children and the truth that finds her chasing one dead-end lead after another.
They escaped after only three years and have yet to be found.
``Maybe he'll calm down after the election,'' someone says wishfully about McComb.
``Smart kid, he read my mind,'' Van Damme jokes, after stopping that purse-snatcher early in the story.
One fret-shredding, 12-bar blues after another, except for one little problem -- he also sings.
Meeting at home that evening, after an arduous day that Katherine has spent wasting money and Peter has spent in bed with his mistress, they make love stimulated by the fantasy that they are somewhere else.
Presented after hours, the production roams past storefronts and through service hallways, incorporating such indigenous elements as glass-walled elevators, escalators, fountains and display windows.
	But the target of the uprising Thursday, in this and several other customarily sleepy townships just west of Johannesburg, was Nelson Mandela's government, and the protesters were the country's often invisible mixed-race minority, who call themselves ``coloreds.'' 	Claiming that after decades of short shrift from white rulers they are now victims of black favoritism in housing, services and jobs, the colored townships organized a one-day general strike and began a boycott of rent and utility payments.
``And then, when it had happened a few times to a bunch of us, we realized -- `Baywatch.' That had to be it.'' ``Baywatch,'' a lifeguard fantasy of toned-and-honed men and skimpy-bikini-clad women, was canceled by NBC after the '89-'90 season.
``And then, when it had happened a few times to a bunch of us, we realized -- `Baywatch.' That had to be it.'' ``Baywatch,'' a lifeguard fantasy of toned-and-honed men and skimpy-bikini-clad women, was canceled by NBC after the '89-'90 season.
An unpretentious bar-restaurant much like its neighbors up and down the avenue, its success is due almost entirely to the proprietor, Elaine Kaufman, an imposing figure who can be found behind the cash register in the corner behind the bar, or sitting at a table with any number of her ``friends.'' Lately the latter have been the high-powered from almost all the professions -- politics, Hollywood, sports (the Stanley Cup put in an appearance after the New York Rangers' victory last spring) -- but her affection has always remained focused on the literary set.
After his brother was killed while covering the French war in Indochina in 1954, Capa became concerned about how to keep alive the work and memory of photojournalists after their deaths.
These days, after working with words in the morning, Ferlinghetti each afternoon heads to the U.S. Navy Yard where he has a painting studio.
Both parents were gone before he was 2, he was abandoned at 6 and sent away by his caretakers as a teen-ager after leading his gang into petty crime.
Ferlinghetti majored in journalism at the University of North Carolina and joined the Navy after graduation.
Who, after all, can concentrate on getting to work on time if it requires an act of courage just to step outside onto the mean streets?
Exchange officials tried to pick up the boy after school Tuesday.
They blamed the problem on a less than forthright host applicant and an unfortunate series of circumstances that befell Vargas after she was screened.
Shirley Michel, a San Antonio-based youth exchange field manager, said the placement was made after a screening showed Vargas' home to be nice and clean.
She fell behind on her electric bill, too, and it took a call to her city councilman to get her electricity turned on again after two days without it last week.
Vargas said she decided to host her first full-year high school student after hearing on television about the nonprofit organization, which began in the basement of a Michigan church.
	The immediate causes of this year's catastrophes are clear: the forests and brush are tinder-dry after years of drought.
	A low-inflation report by a regional Federal Reserve Bank, a drop in jobless claims, and a rise in business inventories all reinforced a predisposition among stock traders that the Federal Reserve Board would not raise interest rates at its meeting later this month or perhaps until after the November elections.
	Maurice Ferguson was in guarded condition at Coney Island Hospital and officials were optimistic the boy would survive after undergoing surgery the night before, said a hospital spokeswoman, Barbara Sullivan.
The tests, which are administered at random, were taken less than one month after Gooden completed a 17-day stay at the Betty Ford Clinic in Rancho Mirage, Calif., where he was treated for drug addiction, according to the source.
The slash-and-burn approach does work for a while; after all, operating costs are reduced and profits go up.
No one is anxious to become another IBM, where the emphasis centered on mainframes long after personal computers began dominating the industry.
The slash-and-burn approach does work for a while; after all, operating costs are reduced and profits go up.
No one is anxious to become another IBM, where the emphasis centered on mainframes long after personal computers began dominating the industry.
The planes -- typically F-14 and F-18 Navy fighters -- are parked at nearby U.S. bases in Florida and Guantanamo, Cuba, preparing to fly to Haiti if needed after the landings by the Marines and Army troops is underway.
Coming after the baseball mess, a work stoppage in hockey would be as productive as spreading big bags of rock salt around the faceoff circles.
Presidents also enjoyed wider leeway to conduct foreign affairs than since the Vietnam war and passage of the War Powers Act in 1973 that requires White House notification of Congress when committing troops to possible combat Wilson, an idealist awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1919 for his efforts to create the League of Nations, sent troops into Haiti in response to ``virtual chaos'' sweeping the impoverished former French colony shortly after the start of World War I, Link said.
The American troops moved ashore after a mob of incensed Haitians dragged the Haitian president from his refuge in the French embassy and tore him to pieces a day after the brutal leader had ordered the gruesome execution of 170 political prisoners allegedly involved in an failed uprising.
The U.S. occupation by less than 2,500 troops ended in 1934 after fitful efforts to build fiscal stability and public works facilities across an island nation the size of Maryland.
 (BC-ROSENTHAL-COLUMN-NYT) Three years after World War II, most governments of the world had realized that the issues of refugees and asylum were critical to the safety of nations, the purposes of the war and to what had come to be called human rights.
Richardson died just after the completion of principal photography.
``When you don't do it for a long time, you get that hunger,'' Olczyk said after the game.
Four years after Rodgers left, BC Part II was formed with new lead singer Brian Howe.
The latest incarnation is, at least in Ralphs' opinion, reborn: leaner, meaner and bluesier, in no small part due to Howe being given his walking papers after the band's Fall 1993 tour.
Earlier this week, shortly after completing the long, multi-legged flight from his home base in the Armenian capital of Yerevan, he talked about the current status of his career and his life in the former Soviet republic.
He left Yerevan with the idea of studying at the Moscow Conservatory when he was 18, but returned after only two months.
Studies show that prisoners who do college work are less than half as likely as other inmates to commit new crimes after their release.
Most states now release prisoners after they serve a far smaller portion of their sentences.
Castle Ashby in Northampton, for example, is planning a proper whiz-bang New Year's Eve party, complete with a black-tie banquet in the great hall (think ``terrine of Cornish lobster with tarragon-scented mousse''), champagne and dancing until well after midnight.
He saw the bodies come and go after they were beaten out of starting positions, or just beaten.
Not after the anguish of a year ago, and the near-certainty that years of effort would end with few positive results.
Mantell discusses how our society reached this point of violent behavior, even including a chilling interview with Robert Earl Mack, a 25-year employee of General Dynamics in San Diego, who killed an industrial relations representative and wounded his supervisor after being fired.
But maybe, just maybe, Jim Rogers might have better insight into the world's economies after his 65,000-mile journey around the globe than somebody sitting behind a desk.
He retired a millionaire at 37 after managing a hedge fund called Quantum on Wall Street in the 1970s.
Business, after all, is a great deal more than just numbers and charts.
Eventually, even the politicians are going to have to discuss these ideas because the country is sliding toward bankruptcy.'' That's a pretty depressing way to end, but after spending time with this important book, Rogers' theories seem plausible.
But the target of the uprising on Thursday, in this and several other customarily sleepy townships just west of Johannesburg, was Nelson Mandela's government, and the protesters were the country's often invisible mixed-race minority, who call themselves ``coloreds.'' Asserting that after decades of short shrift from white rulers they are now victims of favoritism for blacks in housing, services and jobs, the mixed-race townships organized a one-day general strike and began a boycott of rent and utility payments.
The battle will, after all, be as much a test of strategy as a contest between two airlines.
The new operations are unabashedly modeled after Southwest, the pioneer of this strategy and keeper of the healthiest balance sheet in the industry.
A main disciple of B.F. Skinner, the principle learning theorist, Herrnstein joined his mentor on the Harvard faculty in 1958 after serving in the Army for three years.
Archambeau stands trial in Michigan for pursuing a woman by electronic mail and on her telephone answering machine, after she told him to stop bothering her.
The plaintiff, a 29-year-old woman who asked not to be identified because she feared that publicity would jeopardize her teaching job, called the police after Archambeau left a voice recording on her home answering machine telling her that he had watched her leave work earlier in the day.
The phone message followed several weeks of lovesick pleadings sent to the woman's electronic mailbox on the America Online network, even after the woman messaged Archambeau several times, telling him there was no chance for a romantic relationship and that she did not want any further communication from him.
Michigan is among 48 states that passed stalking laws after Rebecca Schaeffer, a television actress, was killed in California in 1990 by a fan who had staked out her apartment.
Archambeau asserts that he was never physically near the woman after their second and final meeting five days after they met.
Five days after they met, and only hours after their last face-to-face meeting, she said, she told him, via E-mail, that she had no romantic interest in him.
The victim became very upset, as anyone would be, knowing that someone was watching you leave work after you had told him not to contact you anymore.'' The woman took her answering machine tape to Detective Brian DeGrande of the Farmington Hills Police Department, who called Archambeau and told him to stop contacting the woman either physically or electronically.
In 1992 three secretaries filed sexual harassment charges against Lacovara with the commission, accusing him of illegal acts, including commenting on his secretary's ``nice legs.'' Lacovara denied the accusations, saying such remarks were taken out of context and his secretary was retaliating after a poor performance review.
He will go home after the Woodward for a long winter's rest and rely on his record while other racing stars keep running for Horse of the Year.
They won't fold after three-eighths of a mile.
``In order to maintain control of their subordinates, who are just as scared as they are,'' Cedras and other senior officers ``have to say, `We will look after you,' '' a Western diplomat said Thursday.
He wants to follow the rules, and if they say Duperval is next after Cedras, that's what he will do.'' But even that decision could prove more advantageous to Cedras and his associates than to Aristide.
The Cardinals were sending eight men after Brown, blitzing almost every play.
Day after day Mary Matalin, the political director of the Bush campaign, fired off crude, sophomoric attacks that did far more damage to her own side than they did to the Democrats.
In an Atlanta hotel suite a few days after her husband announced his presidential candidacy, Barbara carefully controlled her anger during an interview.
Repeatedly she ducked questions about a /{Newsweek} cover story that taunted ``George Bush -- Fighting the Wimp Factor.'' But her anger spilled out when she considered the ``Doonesbury'' cartoon strip that had suggested her husband had placed his manhood in a blind trust after he became vice president.
The markets opened without a hitch after repairs to a Chicago computer system that failed on Wednesday.
Bonds took off after the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia reported that manufacturing in the Northeast was expanding, but at a weaker pace.
Almost 14 months after that service in the shed, Rhineland residents trudged up a hill just north of town, cheering on the town's rebirth away from the flood plain.
Etcher's agency organized the town's move, along with city officials, after they won nearly $3 million in government grants to pay for the move to high ground.
One of Matyiko's sons and his family plan to buy a home and stay in Rhineland after the move.
John Huston-Jim Gallagher Jr. The pairings for foursomes, the alternate shot format, will be released after the morning rounds.
I spent seven years practicing there.'' Thurston Moore, a guitarist and singer for Sonic Youth, a Manhattan-based band, said that even after 14 years of touring and making albums, his band still finds itself rehearsing in the ``sub-sub-basement'' of a building in Little Italy that he said was used as a morgue during the Revolutionary War.
I spent seven years practicing there.'' Thurston Moore, a guitarist and singer for Sonic Youth, a Manhattan-based band, said that even after 14 years of touring and making albums, his band still finds itself rehearsing in the ``sub-sub-basement'' of a building in Little Italy that he said was used as a morgue during the Revolutionary War.
It was summer 1989, a year after Gordon Davis, 28, had died from a blood clot-related illness in Santa Clara, Calif.
``It gave me hope that even after somebody dies, there's still life.
Moreover, the Federal Aviation Administration stepped up its surveillance of U.S. Air operations after the earlier crashes, and has pronounced those operations satisfactory.
Lewis, an unemployed accountant convicted on extortion charges for sending a letter to Tylenol-maker Johnson & Johnson demanding $1 million to ``stop the killing.'' Seven people died in the Chicago area in September and October 1982 after ingesting Tylenol capsules laced with cyanide and placed on store shelves.
Q: My daughter was named after Maureen O'Hara, and we'd like to give her an autographed picture of the performer as a gift.
But after three years of tracking the drug traders in New York and Italy, the authorities in both countries rounded up 79 suspects overnight and charged them with drug conspiracies.
Some were seen carting boxes of records away from the pizza parlor shortly after dawn Thursday.
Clinton apparently calculates that he can rally public and Congressional support after an invasion.
The carnage came on April 15, barely a week after the plane crash of Habyarimana that marked the beginning of wide-scale massacres.
On Wednesday, after owners voted to truncate the season, President Clinton suggested that repealing the exemption ``is something that ought to be looked at.'' Hearings on that matter will be held next Thursday in the House of Representatives.
But after a decade of economic growth rate averaging 5 percent a year, instead of a nation of transistor radio listeners, Ghana, with a population of over 15 million, has become a land of consumers whose tastes run to cellular phones and VCRs. 
Released on bail after 12 days in jail, he did not show up for further court hearings in Brussels, and the court issued an international arrest warrant for him.
His announcement in June that he would be an independent in the Senate race came only after he had entered and withdrawn from the contest.
The data reinforced a predisposition among stock traders that the Fed would not raise interest rates at its meeting later this month and, perhaps, not until after the November elections.
But the index does not say whether the materials were economically significant or whether after the price increase, price levels were still relatively low and thus noninflationary.
17, for example, two weeks after the Federal Reserve raised rates, bond traders believed an inflation-is-rising index from the Philadelphia Fed.
``But after that it will be great for the city.
The two recent tests were taken less than one month after Gooden completed a 17-day stay at the Betty Ford Clinic in Rancho Mirage, Calif., where he was treated for drug addiction, according to the person.
But in the spring of 1987, after testing positive for cocaine, Gooden was hospitalized at Smithers Institute in New York City.
Both statements were issued after an article in Thursday's editions of Newsday cited an unnamed person as saying that Gooden had recently failed two drug tests.
After two previous problems with drugs, Yankee pitcher Pascual Perez was given a one year's suspension in March 1992, after failing a drug test.
A current New York Yankee pitcher, Steve Howe, underwent drug rehabilitation after the 1982 season, and before the 1983 season was over he had been suspended three times, the last an indefinite suspension that lasted through the 1984 season.
Right after Kidder dismissed Jett in April, for example, the firm froze $8 million it had paid him while he was a Kidder star and which he continued to keep in various Kidder accounts.
Tabor, after they were indicted in 1987 in an insider trading case.
Kidder executives had been convinced of the innocence of both men, and the firm ultimately paid their legal fees after the government dropped its indictments against them.
He has spent his entire career at J.P. Morgan, joining the bank after he graduated from Yale University in 1968.
Body Shop strongly denied the allegations before and after the article was published.
Nhem's father, Khun Nhem, said his car was firebombed a few weeks after the murder.
The building, a long structure of gray stone, is now called Angkor Plaza, after Angkor Wat, the massive, elaborately carved 12th-century stone temple outside the city of Siem Reap, Cambodia.
Peairs strode briskly from the courthouse after the ruling, offering no comment.
Peairs shot Hattori dead after warning him to ``freeze,'' a phrase the young man apparently did not understand.
Hattori read from a statement she prepared after the judge's ruling.
Masaichi Hattori, an engineer for a manufacturer of automobile parts in Nagoya, filed suit for unspecified damages two months after Peairs's acquittal on the manslaughter charge.
However, after the acquittal in the criminal trial they became more receptive to the idea.
I will remain the memory of the people.'' A Western diplomat commented Thursday: ``In order to maintain control of their subordinates, who are just as scared as they are,'' Cedras and other senior officers ``have to say, `We will look after you.' '' That is said to be particularly true in Cedras' case because of his lack of field experience and his remoteness from the troops.
He wants to follow the rules, and if they say Duperval is next after Cedras, that's what he will do.'' But even that decision could prove more advantageous to Cedras and his associates than to Aristide.
15, or one day after the World Series, whichever came first.
Nonetheless, his speech came after months of notably unsteady policy-making on Haiti, and some wondered whether the president's underlying motive was the preservation of his own credibility after threatening military action so often.
On Monday, a 19-year-old gunman shot two students at a Newark high school, after apparently evading the school's security system, said Michelle Baldwin, a spokeswoman for the Newark School System.
	Treasury prices advanced after a report by the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia showed growth was moderating.
	The dollar rose against the mark on expectations that Germany's central bank will cut interest rates after elections on Oct.
Pataki's plan included several proposals he said were intended to reduce legislative gridlock and speed passage of the state budget, which has been approved after the legal deadline of April 1 for 10 consecutive years.
A bipartisan conference committee would then hammer out a compromise after holding public debates.
``I was so sore all over after that game that I don't remember getting it and didn't notice until I woke up and saw it was kind of swollen,'' said Johnson.
Some other workers said that, after standing in line for hours to vote, they had cast their ballots in anger.
All the money in the world isn't going to do it,'' said Roseanne Cohn, who joined Jack-in-the-Box restaurants to help restructure their image after they sold meat contaminated with the E.
But after more than 20 months of talk and threats, Clinton said that diplomacy has been exhausted.
Laying out his rationale for the invasion for the first time to the nation, Clinton cited maintaining U.S. credibility, after months of threatening action without following through.
In fact, Clinton's first formal effort to lay out his reasoning comes after elaborate preparations make the invasion all but inevitable.
The act, which was passed after publication of Sinclair Lewis' ``The Jungle,'' makes it illegal for inspection officials to accept any gifts from those they inspect.
But he did try to offer some comfort to Haitians and Americans who have questioned the wisdom of a U.S. policy intended to restore Aristide to power, saying the Haitian had promised to relinquish his office after his term expires next year, even though he has served nearly all of that term in exile.
If Aristide had tried after returning to power to make up for his time in exile, his term could have been extended by three years, a prospect that has alarmed Haitians who do not support him.
The second time, four months later, was after the battle in Somalia on Oct.
As Clinton prepared to deliver his address Thursday night, there were recriminations within the administration that he had not acted sooner to confront Haiti's military leaders after they rejected the Governors Island, N.Y., accord calling for them to step down.
What particularly emboldened those leaders, some officials say, was the president's decision last October to order back the Harlan County, a U.S. amphibious transport ship, after a group of military-backed Haitian protesters prevented it from docking in Port-au-Prince.
Now Sanders already is talking about re-signing with the 49ers after the season is over.
That is because the Russian center fell into virtual oblivion last season, just a year after he was second on the team in scoring with 79 points -- two behind Claude Lemieux -- and was voted the team's most valuable player.
When principal Etta McMahan arrived on the campus, she found herself not only with a new job, but the responsibility of replacing a football coach who had quit after the school's opening loss last season.
He took over after the team forfeited its second game and found just 18 players on the field for his first practice as a high school coach.
``Coach was real proud of us after the game,'' Harris said.
``I have confidence in my ability and I expect a lot out of myself.'' Stauber certainly expected to play in more than 22 games last year, nine fewer than the year before when as a rookie he bolted to a 9-0-1 start and finished 15-8-4; he also went 3-1 in the playoffs his first season, but only after Melrose ridiculed his resolve and demoted him to third-string behind Hrudey and career minor-leaguer Rick Knickle.
``Some people might not look at it like that, but I do.'' Stauber told Melrose as much after the season ended, told him he should have played more and wants to be more than an occasional starter this year.
But after three years of U.S. pressure, Clinton said that diplomacy has been exhausted.
In fact, Clinton's first formal effort to lay out his reasoning comes after elaborate preparations make the invasion all but inevitable.
AT&T officials also attack Cohen -- who resigned as an NCR computer salesman in 1980 after being demoted as a sales manager -- as an opportunist.
Douglas Wilder, the former Virginia governor, in Richmond on Thursday after ending his independent bid for the Senate by announcing his withdrawal.
Trans America sued NCR several years ago over a computerized inventory system, Warehouse Manager, which NCR pulled from the market after complaints from many of the several dozen customers who spent $180,000 for the product.
In June 1993, AT&T agreed to pay $818,000 to the Warwick Savings Bank in Warwick, N.Y., after a private arbitration proceeding in which the bank had accused NCR of fraudulently inducing it to buy a system that was missing important features.
Douglas Wilder, the former Virginia governor, in Richmond on Thursday after ending his independent bid for the Senate by announcing his withdrawal.
Douglas Wilder, the former Virginia governor, in Richmond on Thursday after ending his independent bid for the Senate by announcing his withdrawal.
Douglas Wilder, the former Virginia governor, in Richmond on Thursday after ending his independent bid for the Senate by announcing his withdrawal.
Douglas Wilder, the former Virginia governor, in Richmond on Thursday after ending his independent bid for the Senate by announcing his withdrawal.
HIT-AND-RUN VICTIM GIVES BIRTH BUT SOON DIES NEW YORK  (BC-HIT&RUN-BABY-NYT) Hours after her son was delivered by Caesarean section, a woman struck by a hit-and-run driver died Thursday at Brookdale Medical Center in Brooklyn.
Clinton said the international force would help maintain order after the invasion, leading to a total withdrawal in 1996 after another presidential election in Haiti.
Kay Bailey Hutchison, a Texas Republican who is a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said after Clinton's remarks.
``We must act.'' In a move intended to blunt criticism of the left-leaning Aristide, he also announced that the ousted president has promised to leave office after his term.
Two years ago, she won an Olympic bronze at Barcelona, Spain, three months after an accident in which her boat was rammed by another and her right leg almost severed.
The cause was heart failure after a stroke, said her daughter, Mary Markson Dawe.
Down the street, a family struggles to put their lives back in order after a short stay in a shelter.
I issued these orders after giving full consideration to what is at stake.
Then, in the second phase, a much smaller U.S. force will join forces from other members of the United Nations, and their mission will leave Haiti after elections are held next year and a new Haitian government takes office in early 1996.
Schottenheimer gave Walker a brief speech about the importance of holding on to the ball after the catch, and then let practice resume.
But after last Sunday's 24-17 loss in Kansas City, Young fielded questions cheerfully.
``I haven't played up to my standards,'' Herrin said Thursday after practice.
He was speared from behind after being tackled on a scramble.
Peairs strode briskly from the courthouse after the ruling, offering no comment.
Peairs shot Hattori dead after warning him to ``freeze,'' a phrase the young man apparently did not understand.
Hattori read from a statement she prepared after the judge's ruling.
Masaichi Hattori, an engineer for a manufacturer of automobile parts in Nagoya, filed suit for unspecified damages two months after Peairs's acquittal on the manslaughter charge.
However, after the acquittal in the criminal trial they became more receptive to the idea.
``There was no rationale before the speech, and there was no rationale after the speech,'' said Rep.
No wonder he could still force a smile after the announcement Wednesday.
``If I didn't have to be here, I wouldn't be here.'' Kendall is not ready to leap off tall buildings after his disqualification by Sports Car Club of America officials for running an ``illegal fuel cell'' in his Ford Mustang Cobra.
That situation disintegrated after SCCA officials checked the fuel cell capacity on five cars postrace.
Pruett had 10 points deducted from his total after a postrace inspection at Round 10 in Watkins Glen, N.Y., found his rain tires to be illegally hand-grooved.
``I'd love to come back here and play.'' Tarpley, a ferocious rebounder and the league's Sixth Man of the Year in 1987-88, remains the Mavericks' property after playing in Greece the last two years.
After a brief conversation with coach Dick Motta after morning practice, Tarpley addressed the Fort Worth-Dallas area media for the first time since his ban.
I don't think you can exclude anyone just because they haven't been a general manager.'' The Rangers general manager's job came open Wednesday when the club announced that Tom Grieve had been dismissed after 10 years on the job.
Gillick is retiring after 18 years with Toronto, but baseball insiders are already speculating he may not stayed retired long.
The Angels discovered that when Whitey Herzog, after successes with the Royals and the Cardinals, came out of retirement and only made a bad situation worse.
``There are routes we could run that would allow the offense to still do some things.'' Coach Barry Switzer said his staff has discussed leaving Johnston on the field in situations when the Cowboys normally would go to a three-wideout offense, as they were forced to do after Williams was hurt last week in the 20-17 victory against Houston.
So he should have an educational advantage over Fleming, whose stay in Austin was proceeded by a contract dispute with the 49ers, the team that released the third-rounder after failing to sign him.
Hennings, in his third season with the Cowboys, would have been a restricted free agent after this year and an unrestricted free agent after next season.
But he did try to offer some comfort to Haitians and Americans who have questioned the wisdom of a U.S. policy intended to restore Aristide to power, saying the Haitian had promised to relinquish his office after his term expires next year, even though he has served nearly all of that term in exile.
If Aristide had tried after returning to power to make up for his time in exile, his term could have been extended by three years, a prospect that has alarmed Haitians who do not support him.
The second time, four months later, was after the battle in Somalia on Oct.
As Clinton prepared to deliver his address Thursday night, there were recriminations within the administration that he had not acted sooner to confront Haiti's military leaders after they rejected the Governors Island, N.Y., accord calling for them to step down.
What particularly emboldened those leaders, some officials say, was the president's decision last October to order back the Harlan County, a U.S. amphibious transport ship, after a group of military-backed Haitian protesters prevented it from docking in Port-au-Prince.
After his brother was killed while covering the French war in Indochina in 1954, Capa became concerned about how to keep alive the work and memory of photojournalists after their deaths.
Hans-Dietrich Genscher, who played kingmaker to Kohl in 1982 by switching Free Democrat (liberal) support to him, retired two years ago, after 17 years as Germany's foreign minister.
Now, after a sharp recession, it is recovering faster than anyone expected.
Western Germany's industrial output in July this year was 7.5 percent up on a year earlier; exports are booming; GDP is likely to grow by about 2 percent this year, after falling 1.7 percent in 1993.
Hans-Dietrich Genscher, who played kingmaker to Kohl in 1982 by switching Free Democrat (liberal) support to him, retired two years ago, after 17 years as Germany's foreign minister.
Now, after a sharp recession, it is recovering faster than anyone expected.
Western Germany's industrial output in July this year was 7.5 percent up on a year earlier; exports are booming; GDP is likely to grow by about 2 percent this year, after falling 1.7 percent in 1993.
One American megastore after another is trundling across the border, wrecking cozy Canadian franchises and making lots of money.
One American megastore after another is trundling across the border, wrecking cozy Canadian franchises and making lots of money.
One American megastore after another is trundling across the border, wrecking cozy Canadian franchises and making lots of money.
Little has emerged from the Consultative Council, or Majlis al-Shura, which after years of delay was at last inaugurated in 1993.
Little has emerged from the Consultative Council, or Majlis al-Shura, which after years of delay was at last inaugurated in 1993.
``Why should we negotiate again after three years of failed negotiations?'' When asked why he thinks the military would take such an action, the priest quoted an old Haitian proverb: ``A beast that has his back against the wall bites.'' Human rights groups estimate that 3,000 people have been killed since a military coup in September 1991 overthrew Aristide, a populist priest who was elected with 67 percent of the vote in December 1990.
He's never said, `This is my last year.' What he has said is he will wait until after the season to see how he feels.' But I know I look at him now and he doesn't look 38.'' Montana likes the Chiefs' Super Bowl chances this season for two reasons: (1) The defense, which last week battered San Francisco quarterback Steve Young and prevented wide receiver Jerry Rice from becoming a factor; (2) His mates on offense, who have had two training camps and a full season to absorb the Niners-style offense (tutored by Montana's old quarterback coach in San Francisco, Paul Hackett).
OK, there was Jumpy Geathers, the Falcons' designated pass rusher, who said softly by his locker after practice, ``I feel bad, because I've just lost one of my best friends.'' There also was Falcons president Taylor Smith, a self- proclaimed ``close friend'' of Sanders, who said he was ``shocked'' and ``hurt'' when he learned Sanders was flying west.
This definitely helps the team in general, because there won't be a red carpet rolled out anymore for just one player.'' In other words, the glee of the Falcons' players on Wednesday resembled that of their Braves' counterparts last summer when Sanders left Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium with his red carpet after his trade to Cincinnati.
Last season, for instance, the Falcons ended an 0-5 start by taking five of their next six when Sanders joined the team after the Braves' season.
BOOKS: `WINTER BIRDS' FINALLY ROOSTS IN U.S.  (BC-BOOKS-COX) When Jim Grimsley's first novel, ``Winter Birds,'' was published after six years of rejections, it appeared in a language he couldn't read.
But even after 50 years, it's still the same old story: a boy and his wonder-dog.
The movie initially centers on Mousie (Seidy Lopez) and Sad Girl (Angel Aviles), childhood pals who become bitter enemies after being impregnated by the same guy.
Occasional travelers are most likely to feel scared after an aviation disaster, experts say.
``But there's always heightened interest immediately after an accident.'' Travel agents report few cancellations, although Jamie Brownstein of Adventure Travels in Boca Raton said she has handled five.
She never let me use my deafness as an excuse,'' says Whitestone, who speaks with a bright, breathy inflection after 18 years of training in auditory verbal skills.
Days after the Jan.
Two days after the missionaries and the Huaorani met, six tribal warriors attacked Palm Beach.
Days after the Jan.
Two days after the missionaries and the Huaorani met, six tribal warriors attacked Palm Beach.
``Why should we negotiate again after three years of failed negotiations?'' When asked why he thinks the military would take such an action, the priest quoted an old Haitian proverb: ``A beast that has his back against the wall bites.'' Human rights groups estimate that 3,000 people have been killed since a military coup in September 1991 overthrew Aristide, a populist priest who was elected with 67 percent of the vote in December 1990.
The French have promised to send 100 police officers to help maintain order after the fighting stops.
The highly regarded newsletter, which seemed destined to grow into an information empire, ground to a halt this summer after Viacom International bought investor Paramount Communications Inc.
of New York, named after his author-wife Nancy Friday, was financed by him and three deep-pocketed partners: Paramount, QVC and Texas investor Richard Rainwater.
1 after a year of bureaucratic wrangling with the Chinese government.
The restaurant chain is named after Mencius, the second-smartest man in Chinese history after Confucius, Young said.
1 after a year of bureaucratic wrangling with the Chinese government.
The restaurant chain is named after Mencius, the second-smartest man in Chinese history after Confucius, Young said.
Ricardo quit racing after the accident; ``Jeremy is my full-time project now,'' he says.
``When he was so sick, I would sit at his bedside, night after night, crying,'' Ricardo says.
Others predict that the two sides will somehow come to their senses before next spring and reach an agreement of some sort -- and that the fans will come flocking back, just as they always have after being slapped in the face by their beloved game.
The exhibit -- which closed Tuesday after being open four days -- outraged hundreds of Catholics who complained that it was pornographic and blasphemous.
 (BC-BURNS-BASEBALL-2ndTake-TEX) ``But it was only after we were fully immersed in the project that we sensed how strong the metaphor is -- really, it's almost perfect.
I'm not suggesting seeing doctor after doctor for a problem that no one can find an answer to, for this just wastes everyone's time.
Adhesions are scars that form inside the abdominal cavity after surgery or infections.
Hans-Dietrich Genscher, who played kingmaker to Kohl in 1982 by switching Free Democrat (liberal) support to him, retired two years ago, after 17 years as Germany's foreign minister.
Now, after a sharp recession, it is recovering faster than anyone expected.
Western Germany's industrial output in July this year was 7.5 percent up on a year earlier; exports are booming; GDP is likely to grow by about 2 percent this year, after falling 1.7 percent in 1993.
Hans-Dietrich Genscher, who played kingmaker to Kohl in 1982 by switching Free Democrat (liberal) support to him, retired two years ago, after 17 years as Germany's foreign minister.
Now, after a sharp recession, it is recovering faster than anyone expected.
Western Germany's industrial output in July this year was 7.5 percent up on a year earlier; exports are booming; GDP is likely to grow by about 2 percent this year, after falling 1.7 percent in 1993.
One American megastore after another is trundling across the border, wrecking cozy Canadian franchises and making lots of money.
One American megastore after another is trundling across the border, wrecking cozy Canadian franchises and making lots of money.
One American megastore after another is trundling across the border, wrecking cozy Canadian franchises and making lots of money.
Little has emerged from the Consultative Council, or Majlis al-Shura, which after years of delay was at last inaugurated in 1993.
Little has emerged from the Consultative Council, or Majlis al-Shura, which after years of delay was at last inaugurated in 1993.
In the pigs, the animals treated with an antisense compound sprayed inside the arteries after the angioplasty procedures had a 60 percent reduction in restinosis.
It is, after all, an odd kind of setup where a professional sport is at the mercy of 28 people (27 men and one woman) -- the owners of the major leagues' teams.
It is, after all, an odd kind of setup where a professional sport is at the mercy of 28 people (27 men and one woman) -- the owners of the major leagues' teams.
It is, after all, an odd kind of setup where a professional sport is at the mercy of 28 people (27 men and one woman) -- the owners of the major leagues' teams.
Still, after only three phone calls, Bernard secures the Roxy, a club on West 18th Street near 10th Avenue, as the new Voodoo location.
Few promoters will discuss their own income, but it is generally thought that they each earn anywhere from $500 to $2,000 a night, after expenses.
But too often, after presenting us with shadowy charges of conspiracy, Holland leaves us waiting for him to assume a more active role as an investigative journalist -- to look into these complaints or confront the leaders of what the film calls ``the existing power structure'' with some evidence.
Generali-U.S., the American office of an Italian company, forked over $250,000 after the 1990 death of Charisma, an arthritic horse that authorities say Ray killed.
In that case, Harold Snowden Sr., former member of the Kentucky State Racing Commission, sued Lloyd's of London after it refused to pay anymore than $1 million for Pelerin, his dead stallion.
Trouble was, Lloyd's was able to convince the judge that letter after letter had been written after the horse died -- and backdated.
The show-stopper came when a secretary and a receptionist who had typed two of the letters testified that they did not even begin working for those bosses until after the horse died.
``If all else fails, they'll say colic.'' McBlush, a thoroughbred racehorse who died in 1987 after receiving a fatal does of insulin, was for a long time thought to have died from colic.
The Kentucky dentist who gave McBlush the lethal injection pled guilty to the deed more than three years later, after he was caught at a Florida track carrying insulin that authorities said he planned to use on another horse marked for death.
Clifton Carmines -- a San Antonio man who left Vietnam after the grenade's blast tore his face apart -- has been reunited with the woman he left behind, thanks to a persistent search by the daughter he didn't know existed.
Carmines wrote to his ``very pretty'' fiancee after he recovered, but his letters went unanswered.
Now, five years after her search began and 26 years after her parents parted, Nguyen can claim credit for their impending marriage.
He said his daughter was conceived during the only night he spent with his then-21-year-old fiancee, after he convinced her he was about to leave on a dangerous mission from which he might never return.
``Just one of those bad karmic numbers where I went home last night after a pretty full day and got in about midnight.'' Rain had pooled on the roof over his top-floor New York apartment.
	Moments after the president finished his speech, many at the restaurant voiced disappointment that their country will find itself under a foreign occupation but others said that this action is long overdue.
	But the attempts to silence Cho are just one part of a broader crackdown on left-leaning professors and students that began after the death in July of Kim Il Sung, North Korea's hard-line communist leader.
Clinton is withdrawing from the front lines after helping choose Cabinet members and top-level officials and serving as mastermind, salesperson and negotiator for the administration's bid to overhaul the nation's $940 billion health care system.
turkestanica, a fragrant multi-flowering white with an orange center, will come back year after year, if they like your garden.
I had to have a whole opera-houseful of Queens of the Night and Dukes of Wellington after Dash told me he mixed his up with his lettuces last year.
In one construction case, involving the Yokosuka naval base south of Tokyo, Washington settled with Japanese companies for about $35 million in 1989 and 1990, after Japan's Fair Trade Commission ruled that the companies had engaged in bid-rigging.
Early Monday, the same fire company went to the White House after a small plane crashed under the president's bedroom.
The 11-member jury returned the verdict after more than 12 days of deliberations.
Pat Robertson, a television preacher and one-time presidential candidate, is a growing political force in state after state and clearly dominates the so-called religious right of the Republican party.
The defeat came only a few weeks after Quist's supporters flooded GOP caucuses and denied Carlson the party's endorsement for reelection.
Leaving the show after the first episode is chief of detectives Cyd Madison (Melinda McGraw).
Meanwhile, the State Department estimated that $550 million in foreign aid will be needed to sustain Haiti in the first year after President Aristide is restored to power.
I was in Birmingham, two or three hours after a church was bombed and children were killed [in 1963].
9, several days after it was announced that Ms. Bujold would become the first female starship commander in the series' history, she abruptly quit the show, citing the pressures of working on a weekly television show.
Among the donors not revealed until after the election were eight members or relatives of GOPAC ``charter members,'' people who also annual donate between $10,000 and $100,000 to Gingrich's leadership PAC.
And it acknowledges losing money after Knowledgeware restated its 1994 results to a substantial loss and Sterling cut its offer to $72 million.
For example, the fund did profit well last month after Wall Street had second thoughts about the proposed acquisition of Syntex by Roche Holdings.
There are no statues of the orthopedics industry's founders, no parks or schools named after them, and the local school mascot is not a surgeon but a tiger.
More recently, Biomet was formed in 1977 by Dane Miller and Jerry Ferguson, two Zimmer executives who felt that company had become too bureaucratic as it grew in the years after its 1972 acquisition by Bristol-Myers.
For many of the refugees, there is a sensation, after the even bigger catastrophes that have struck Somalia and Rwanda, of being almost totally forgotten by the outside world.
Decourtray was hospitalized after collapsing in his apartment on Monday and falling into a deep coma from which he never emerged.
In 1992, as the rightist National Front party headed by Jean-Marie Le Pen sought power in France, the cardinal warned against ``an adventure that could lead to the rise of some new Hitler.'' Decourtray was also respected for helping to expose the role of the Catholic Church in sheltering Paul Touvier, who was arrested in a priory in Nice in 1989, 45 years after he went into hiding.
Enforcing the ban remained problematic and, after Iljin filed an appeal, the companies reached a settlement in which Iljin will pay a licensing fee to G.E. and continue producing diamonds.
It evoked the movie ``Dave,'' in which the president is impersonated by someone else after he falls ill.
Shortly after he took office in 1991, his economic reform plan was overwhelmed by Europe's worst recession since World War II, driving up unemployment and widening budget deficits.
The attempts to silence Mr. Cho are just part of a broader crackdown on left-leaning professors and students that began after the death in July of Kim Il Sung, North Korea's communist leader.
``The police were coming around every day after we arrived telling us to leave.
Today, a half-dozen wealthy Hong Kong investors who bought the pitch are attempting to settle with Salomon after having filed with the National Association of Securities Dealers to arbitrate against the firm.
The deal President Carter came back with held up pretty damn good.'' Clinton, after refusing initially to embrace the proposed solution or Carter's independent mission, ended up warmly hailing the former president.
Wilmington was up, 11-1, after six innings, but Durham stormed back with seven runs in the seventh and two more in the eighth and wound up losing, 11-10.
Those names meant that if the co-op went bust, the bank would come after the farmers.
When your movie has been placed in turnaround it means that after initial acceptance the studio or financial backers are now having second thoughts.
It's meant to be a slap at Hollywood, but after 84 minutes of ``My Life's in Turnaround'' the character's indignation makes perfect sense.
``And after they left, Haiti went right back to what it has always been, a nation ruled by a cycle of dictators, revolutions, periods of anarchy followed by military dictators.
Just a week ago, the inflation cops were blowing their whistles again after an unexpected jump in producer prices.
But then came last week's report that consumer prices were nice and tame, and everyone quickly said, ``Never mind.'' And after some other scraps of data reinforced the low-inflation script -- a report by a regional Federal Reserve Bank, a drop in jobless claims, a rise in business inventories -- the stock market gleefully took off, with the Dow industrials hitting their highest level since this whole merry-go-round started with that first Federal Reserve rate increase on Feb.
19, as one of the first concessions to Sinn Fein from Dublin after Ireland and Britain started a joint initiative for talks known as the Downing Street Declaration.
However, in an interview the day after the election, he expressed satisfaction with the way things are.
``Still, we thought we'd see a little more upside action after the election because it went so much better than had been anticipated.'' Zedillo won with a 50.18 percent margin, far outdistancing his closest competitor.
``Now that it's clear there's no post-election rally, they're waiting for the market to hit bottom before they go in.'' Many analysts expect the market to pick up after Zedillo is inaugurated on Dec.
The majority of analysts still include the Mexican telephone company, Telmex, on their buy lists, even after government regulators decided in July to allow foreign and domestic companies to compete with Telmex for long distance services starting in 1997.
But Mr. Walsh, a tall, 29-year-old who turned to games after failing to catch on as a professional baseball pitcher, knows the odds are against success.
But a few years ago she got her first taste of joy and religion when she attended a service at a Baptist church in Harlem, and it made her wonder if something beyond this world did exist after all.
At 12, he offered his writing services to a couple of out-of-town fanzines; only after his work was accepted did he reveal his age to the editors.
But not too long after he graduated from New York University with a degree in journalism, Maltin found a lucrative job writing program guides for the then-new Showtime Networks Inc.
Six months after Maltin began appearing on ``E.T.'' -- he was auditioned following a ``Today'' show appearance to promote his book -- his editors asked if they could put his name in the title and his likeness on the cover of the book, which went annual in 1986.
He returned home after the races, and planned to leave Monmouth again at 5 o'clock this morning with his prize pet, Holy Bull.
Known for getting involved in cause after cause such as helping American Indians and African-Americans in their struggles for equal rights, Brando discusses these issues at length throughout the book.
This was the same audience that reacted spontaneously and loudly with applause after Powell listed politics among his several career options after he finishes writing his memoirs.
The crowd's silence after Powell's Haiti response was a clear indication that these people did not consider Bill Clinton their president, and they did not think him deserving of their support.
``This obviously comes after a history of John having some difficulties in meeting our expectations of players on tour.'' This would be the third time Daly has been subject to an enforced absence from the PGA Tour.
This latest action stems from a dispute Daly had with the father of another golfer in a parking lot after the final round of the World Series of Golf on Aug.
DOCUMENTARIAN SAYS `BASEBALL' EPIC PARALLELS AMERICAN HISTORY LOS ANGELES  (BC-BASEBALL-REVIEW-LADN) There is overwhelming irony in the fact that the long-awaited PBS miniseries ``Baseball'' is arriving tonight, a scant four days after major league baseball closed up shop with a quarter of its season unplayed.
I was kind of fortunate -- I was doing press for `Dragon' so I got to come back here to L.A. ..., which was culture shock after being there almost three months.'' ``Hollywood, it ain't,'' Morales said succinctly, playing with a small hand-carved icon similar to the giant stone statues, or ``moai,'' for which the island is best-known.
Lee, who was in superb physical condition after filming ``Dragon,'' said he did most of his own stunt work; for him, the biggest challenge was in the scenes where he and the others had to descend a sheer cliff.
``I lost my snorkel and after 1,500 meters ...
But Mr. Walsh, a tall, 29-year-old who turned to games after failing to catch on as a professional baseball pitcher, knows the odds are against success.
For many of the refugees, there is a sensation, after the even bigger catastrophes that have struck Somalia and Rwanda, of being almost totally forgotten by the outside world.
Questions surrounding this fight have more to do with whose career is over than who is stronger: -- Is Chavez nearing the end after losing once, drawing once and going down for the first time in his career against Randall this year?
It's not that serious a problem.'' Though he has not applied for a boxing license, he said he plans to do so after planning his comeback strategy.
The two-time heavyweight champion was told by a physician not to fight again after discovering a heart ailment shortly after his loss to MICHAEL MOORER.
These devices would open fire doors only after a 30-to-60-second delay, and activate a central alarm system in the process; but understandably, they make fire departments nervous, since they would not allow for an immediate exit in an emergency.
Curtis, who was appointed the city's commissioner of youth services a month ago -- after the decisions were made -- acknowledges that the dismaying result is that ``kids in all these programs will suffer.'' The programs offer a wide range of services for children, including after-school care, jobs, counseling and recreational programs.
But after Rudolph Giuliani was elected mayor, there were new officials running the agency and a new interpretation of the rules.
Brandon, appointed by Giuliani in March, resigned just two months later after news reports that he owed the federal government back taxes.
 (BC-NY-YOUTH-PROGRAMS-2NDTAKE-NYT) In the months after Brandon's departure but before Curtis' arrival, the city picked the new crop of youth services contractors.
Robles, a City Councilman from Brooklyn who is the chairman of the Council's Youth Committee, said he was still not satisfied that the Giuliani administration was spending the youth services money as the Council directed after it restored most of funds in budget cuts the mayor had proposed.
But he acknowledged that discussions were being held with them through their ``emissaries.'' The last-ditch effort at a peaceful solution came as Clinton tried to shore up support for an invasion during a hastily arranged meeting at the White House among the 24 nations that have promised to commit peace-keeping forces after the U.S. military establishes order in Haiti.
He has withdrawn now, after one term, but state politics is not on its way back to normal.
Weicker was relatively quiet until the day after the primaries, when he came out with a typical blast against Rowland, accusing him of trying to exploit ``the dark side'' of Connecticut by raising the specter of ``forced busing.'' Weicker takes justifiable pride in having persuaded the Legislature to approve regional integration of school districts, and in his record on civil rights.
After Robert Samuels was shotgunned and beaten to death at the North Hills home the couple shared after their 1980 marriage, Mary Ellen Samuels lived fast and spent her inheritance rapidly on a Porsche, a Cancun condominium and a fur coat, prosecutors said.
Several jurors attended the sentencing and hugged in the hallway after a sniffling Mary Ellen Samuels was led from the courtroom.
-- From the foreign desk: Is anyone that surprised that after the capitalist rebounds in Mexico, Brazil and Argentina, socialist-minded Venezuela suddenly embarks on free-market economic reforms?
``The macoutes and the army are afraid of what is going to happen to them, and that makes them more dangerous than ever.'' Indeed, after Clinton's speech Thursday night, which was read here in French and Creole on several radio and television stations, knots of heavily armed men in civilian clothes gathered on street corners in several neighborhoods to intimidate passers-by.
The paramilitary forces also commandeered many of the several thousand radios that were dropped from a U.S. plane that flew over the capital after Clinton's speech.
-- From the foreign desk: Is anyone that surprised that after the capitalist rebounds in Mexico, Brazil and Argentina, socialist-minded Venezuela suddenly embarks on free-market economic reforms?
Cherokee incurred a heavy debt load after a $174 million leveraged buyout in 1989 by Green Acquisition Co. -- an investment group formed by Deutschman & Co., a Los Angeles-based leveraged buyout firm that included several Cherokee executives.
For another, Cuomo is flush with cash -- unlike Abrams, who was all but broke after a divisive primary that he won by a single percentage point.
And the Cuomo people, by their actions, are making no bones about the fact that they're not going to let Pataki just define himself, to be allowed to pass through the gubernatorial threshold tests of independence, integrity, competence and consistency without being challenged.'' The result of that combustible mix, Morris added, is that ``there may be peace in Haiti after next week, but no peace in New York politics.'' 
SCIENTISTS GET A LESSON ABOUT RARE SPECIES FROM OFF-ROAD RIDER  (BC-BUTTERFLY-700&ADD-SFCHRON) Moments after a desert sunrise, a small caravan of worried government biologists pulled up to a 400-foot-high sand dune on a lonely side road in central Nevada.
Sometimes, he said, the added information may show that a species is not so endangered after all.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) ``You are always aware of the tether, because you don't want to become tangled up in it,'' Joe Allen, one of those spacewalkers, said from Johnson Space Center's Mission Control after congratulating Lee and Meade for their achievement.
Shortly after Clinton was elected, Carter offered his help in efforts to settle difficult U.S. disputes with a number of countries, including Haiti.
But under Nunn's plan, Aristide's return to Haiti could be deferred until after those elections, provided he's back in office by January 1.
Former Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger commented Friday night that ``we all have to hope this succeeds, because the insanity of an invasion is something that we should not even have to contemplate.'' After insisting Wednesday that there would be no point to sending Carter to Haiti, after warning the Haitian triumvirate Thursday night that ``your time is up'' and after preparing the American people in a television address for imminent military action, Clinton has now given the Haitian leaders more time.
He has chosen to turn on his diplomatic radio, receiving a signal now after letting others vanish into the ether.
As the military shrinks after the Cold War, the United States is relying more on forces stationed in this country rather than at far-flung bases around the world.
He does know, after years and years of silence, that he has a story to tell.
``It's only in the last 10 years that the survivors are coming out from their closet,'' said Lorber, who immigrated to New York in 1966 from Venezuela, the only country he could afford to go to after the war.
``You're numb after so many years under these conditions.'' In 1947, he immigrated to the United States.
In the moments after the verdict was announced by Judge H.
The verdict against Exxon and Hazelwood came after 13 days of deliberation by the jury of nine women and three men in the last of three phases of the civil lawsuit.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The punitive damage award caps a legal and economic battle that began when one of the world's most modern supertankers ran aground after midnight on March 24, 1989, on Bligh Reef in Prince William Sound, spilling 11 million gallons of crude oil.
There's evidence that 14 years after her husband's death, Ono is still actively imagining, with a recent off-Broadway musical behind her and a major site-specific installation in front of her.
15 meeting -- after the Congressional elections -- if it acted at all again this year.
The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 20.53 points, to 3,933.35, after climbing 58.55 points Thursday.
Although traders and analysts predicted a more steady mood in the bond market next week, several said that Friday's economic report, which showed that manufacturing production jumped more than expected last month, would increase pressure on the Federal Reserve to raise short-term interest rates after its policy meeting Sept.
Before Friday, many analysts had expected the Fed to wait until its November meeting, which is after this year's elections, to raise interest rates again.
In the bond market, the selling spree began seconds after the Fed released its report at 9:15 a.m., and lasted about 15 minutes, said Jay Goldinger, market strategist at Capital Insight of Beverly Hills, Calif.
The Dow plummeted 40 points in about 15 minutes after the opening of trading at 9:30 a.m., then recovered slowly over the remainder of the session.
He said he thought the Fed's chairman, Alan Greenspan, might decide soon after the Fed's Sept.
IBM rose 1\, to 71, in active trading after Goldman, Sachs set an $80 target within 6 to 12 months for the computer giant.
ITT rose 1~, to 82, after saying it planned to seek buyers for its ITT Financial unit.
Microsoft slipped 1], to 56~, after Apple Computer said it would license its Macintosh software operating system.
Shortly after Clinton was elected, Carter offered his help in efforts to settle difficult U.S. disputes with a number of countries, including Haiti.
But under Nunn's plan, Aristide's return to Haiti could be deferred until after those elections, provided he's back in office by January 1.
The U.S. officer acknowledges that guerrilla warfare after the initial strike could cause casualties.
I'm going to shoot it.'' If the Americans come looking for him after invading, Constant says, he will be waiting, probably in the same wicker chair, with the moonlight glinting off of his angular face and reflecting from the barrel of the Uzi.
The Confederate Army that won the battles of Manassas thought it had won the war after those battles.
Meanwhile, Defense Secretary William Perry said the invasion itself would probably be wrapped up ``in a matter of hours'' after an American-led force landed in Haiti with overwhelming force.
Saying the 24 countries and the United States were united in a coalition that was ``strong, diverse and growing,'' the president said military planners had designed the operation to ``maximize the chances of success and minimize the risk to your people.'' But Samuel Berger, the deputy national security adviser, said later that it would be at least a week after an invasion before Aristide would be permitted to return to his homeland.
And while Secretary of State Warren Christopher, flanked by the flags of each of the countries, called the force ``a glowing coalition'' Friday, senior administration officials acknowledged later that most of the 2,000 soldiers from the 24 countries joining in the operation would not set foot in Haiti for several weeks after the 20,000-member American-led landing force carries out its first assaults.
It was unclear how long Carter and the rest of the delegation might remain in Port-au-Prince after arriving there sometime Saturday, but administration officials said the talks would not be drawn out.
Balladares emphasized that his offer would not stand if Cedras refused the American offer of safe passage and took flight only after an invasion.
Gordon Hansen, a legal typist in San Francisco, had similar questions: ``Are they going to have better living conditions after we're done?
Literally seconds after the president's speech on Thursday night, in which he had accused the Haitian military regime of almost unspeakable atrocities, CBS-TV cut away to a live interview with the country's military leader, Gen.
In 1944, after lecturing part time at Hunter College for two years, Davis became an instructor in art history at Columbia.
NEW HAMPSHIRE PROFESSOR OUSTED FOR LECTURE GETS JOB BACK  (BC-SEX-HARASS-PROF-NYT) A federal judge found Friday that the University of New Hampshire acted wrongly when it suspended a professor for sexual harassment after seven female students complained about comments he had made during a writing class.
Silva's problems began two years ago, soon after he made the classroom comments in question.
Asked after Friday's decision whether his experience would prompt him to speak guardedly in the future, Silva said: ``A writing class should be a place where all sorts of language can be used.
Contract negotiators refused to provide specifics about the proposed contract until next week, after union workers cast their votes on Sunday.
The players, after all, see it as a win-win situation.
But after playing with both of them for so long, and practicing with them each week, it's really not that big of a deal.
	Markets 	Bond and stock markets were jolted after the industrial production report raised the possibility of accelerating inflation.
But after what he saw on the television news Thursday night, he was really upset.
But after a federal jury in Anchorage, Alaska, announced an award of $5 billion, there was a sigh of relief on Wall Street.
The stock dropped to a low of $56.125 in June after the jury ruled that Exxon was liable for the damages in the 1989 spill.
The stock stayed down after the jury on Aug.
With his lingering physical problems and with his work ethic and approach to pitching, it may add up that he's better off elsewhere.'' McIlvaine and Green may find it easier to let go of Smith after what they saw from some of their young pitchers this week, when the Class AA Binghamton Mets clinched the Eastern League championship.
Dellums believes that Defense Secretary William Perry will reiterate his earlier-stated position opposing additional B-2s after the study is complete.
Resuming that work after a shutdown of several months could increase the per unit cost by five times, he said.
``I'll tell you after this weekend,'' said Lindros, the youngest player in the Islander camp.
Super Bowl trophy, lineman award and cancer clinic named after him.
But that is apparent only after the fact.
La Russa, after all his success in Oakland, carries a $1 million-a-year salary -- probably too much for the cost-conscious Royals.
Retreads Jeff Torborg, canned by the New York Mets after having success with the White Sox, has been doing radio commentary while still collecting on his whopper New York contract.
``Right now, all you're trying to do is embarrass Mr. McNall, and I will not allow you to do that,'' McNall's criminal attorney, Thomas Pollack, interjected after McNall had taken the Fifth in response to three Meyer questions in a row.
``They're just happy to be recognized.'' The decision by the president to cancel his trip was made early Friday and left Los Angeles Pierce College officials -- who had been planning a large rally at the campus following a speech by Clinton -- disappointed after a hectic 24 hours of planning.
White House spokesman Neel Lattimore said the first lady will be returning immediately to Washington after the fund-raiser.
Harriman appointed them as trustees of a variety of trust funds for his heirs, some set up in 1984 and others created through his estate after his death in 1986 at the age of 94.
I think in the final analysis that Deion Sanders was leaning toward pro football all along because in the NFL pouring a bucket of icy liquid over someone's head after a victory is considered to be in good taste.
I have a feeling that after the 49ers get through with the Rams on Sunday, Darryl Henley might opt for incarceration.
I'm worried that, despite high ratings, Ken Burns' ``Baseball'' will be canceled after just a few exciting episodes.
Harriman appointed them as trustees of a variety of trust funds for his heirs, some set up in 1984 and others created through his estate after his death in 1986 at the age of 94.
Before saying on Thursday that a bruised thigh would prevent him from playing for the second straight week, Stokes convened a players-only meeting after Monday's practice.
The Cornhuskers moved from No. 2 to No. 1 after whipping West Virginia 31-0 in the Kickoff Classic.
Then they went back to No. 2 after beating Texas Tech 42-16.
Brown actually enjoyed playing for the dictatorial Mike Keenan in Chicago, but it no longer was his kind of town after Keenan quit before the '92-93 season and was replaced by Darryl Sutter, who scratched Brown from the lineup 52 times in 67 games.
He'd tell you something, like you were playing, and you'd believe him,'' said Brown, who had 14 goals and 33 points in 19 games after he was demoted to Indianapolis in the IHL, then signed a one-year contract with the Dallas Stars.
Many of the 5,000 unionized employees, in 19 separate unions, are seeking pay parity with their counterparts at the Long Island Rail Road, who have historically been higher paid and who won significant raises after a brief strike earlier this summer.
``Whether it's 4 a.m. or whatever, we will run to court.'' If disruptions occur, he said, ``We will sue for damages, for loss of revenue and for loss of goodwill.'' The railroad sued the United Transportation Union for $1 million in 1988 after the disruptions, he said; the suit was settled, on terms that were not disclosed, in negotiations along with the contract itself.
The wisdom of this arrangement has been demonstrated time after time.
The day after this conversation I acquired a compact disc called ``Interludes,'' featuring ``gentle rain'' accompanied by some sort of Celtic trilling.
(It was only Thursday after all.) Perhaps there was some sound within the clouds, or beyond them -- some ancient Celtic angel blithely flouting for his own amusement and chuckling thinly at the odd person down there in a parking lot waiting for nature to take its course.
He is retiring after this session and is said to be the leading candidate for commissioner of baseball.
A half-century after Hugh MacLennan's seminal novel ``Two Solitudes,'' about the conflicts of social forces and attitudes between English and French Canadians, the two cultures head for the 21st Century side by side, but still very separate.
In one city after another -- New York, Washington, Miami, Philadelphia, Houston and Detroit -- quick expansions of the police forces have led to careless screening and hasty training.
More recently, recruits entered police ranks after years of military training.
She seemed to be in a panic, and after failing to get her to describe her location, John Dill, a search and rescue officer, sent a helicopter to look for her.
BARRY ISN'T FIRST DISCREDITED POLITICIAN TO BE WELCOMED BACK WASHINGTON  (BC-BARRY-REVIEW-NYT) The mayor returned triumphantly to office after serving nearly six months in jail.
Barry, who last week staged one of the most audacious comebacks in political history: four years after the former Mayor of the District of Columbia was caught on videotape smoking crack and convicted on drug charges, he won the Democratic Mayoral primary.
Lane, a Democrat from Lawrence, Mass., was the first congressman re-elected, in 1956, after serving jail time -- four months for tax evasion.
Though forced to resign after his guilty plea, Flood was re-elected between two trials.
Todd Wilkowski, a 27-year-old student, put it this way after hearing North speak at a rally in Norfolk, last week: ``Sometimes, you have to follow orders.'' 
In Louisiana, a civil suit was filed last year after a criminal court acquitted Rodney Peairs of manslaughter in the shooting death of 16-year-old Yoshihiro Hattori on Halloween night in 1992.
Researchers at France's National Center for Scientific Research said the paper-thin transistors have no metallic electrodes or wires, and work after being bent, twisted or rolled up.
The bottom line is Groening and the gang are having fun again after a season that many ``Simpsons'' freaks perceive to have been a weak one.
Unsuccessful ``Saturday Night Live'' nominee Phil Hartman tells the tale: ``Right after Mike Myers and I lost our category, I walked over to him during a commercial break and said, ``I'm glad you lost,'' and we got into a mock strangling match right in the aisle in front of everybody.
``God, we had fun after the show.
And last week, the day after presenting an Emmy -- and losing another for his eighth and final season on ``Saturday Night Live'' -- Groundling alumnus Phil Hartman graciously took time out to reflect on the troupe's 20th anniversary.
A half-hour later, after Jay finally called it a night, Colburn used the log feature on his telecommunications program to see what the boy had been doing.
Marshall said she only landed at the clinic by a fluke after a two-decade hiatus from medicine.
``It was all so foreign to me, I said, `Oh, no this is too intense.''' She decided to volunteer at the clinic after it approached her husband about submitting to a fund-raising celebrity roast.
turkestanica, a fragrant multi-flowering white with an orange center, will come back year after year, if they like your garden.
I had to have a whole opera-houseful of Queens of the Night and Dukes of Wellington after Dash told me he mixed his up with his lettuces last year.
But after the shuttle Challenger exploded in January of that year, the West Coast launch plans were scrapped -- leaving to decay much of the public's investment in the launch facility.
He said it was costing the Air Force $50 million annually just to maintain the complex after the salvage operation was done, including $3 million for corrosion control.
SINGAPORE ARRESTS U.S. BUSINESSMAN IN CASE LINKED TO FLOGGING SINGAPORE  (BC-SINGAPORE-ARREST-NYT) Only months after a furor over the flogging of an American teen-ager here, the United States and Singapore may again be on a collision course, this time over the arrest of an American businessman on assault charges.
But unlike Fay, who was jailed and lashed with a rattan cane, Freehill's 17-year-old son, Stephen, was allowed to leave Singapore after pleading guilty to lesser charges and paying a $535 fine.
Grace Freehill, Freehill's wife, said in a telephone interview from the family's second home in Louisiana that the charges were a ``total fabrication.'' Businessmen and diplomats in Singapore said the charges appeared to be an effort to punish Freehill for the actions of his son, who returned to the United States after his release and has since given interviews in which he accused the Singapore police of brutality and of trying to railroad criminal suspects.
Stephen Freehill went free after it became clear that the government lacked the testimony that would be needed to proceed to trial on the more serious vandalism charges.
``I needed to see green,'' said Auguin in halting English after he got back.
Another competitor, 66-year-old Floyd Romack, of Cape May, N.J., postponed his departure, preferring to wait until after his daughter's wedding next week to leave.
If the will of the people counted for anything, there was still a chance even after Aristide was ousted by thugs at gunpoint three years ago.
Mmatlou Thantsa, who fled to Helena after her neighbors blamed her for summoning lightning, suspects she was singled out because she owned 20 cows and 50 goats, which made her one of the most prosperous people in the village.
He fled for his life after neighbors accused him of holding a bewitching ritual.
Most said they voted for Barry only after being convinced that his recovery was for real.
Dad, now 73, is a businessman whose F Street store never recovered after being looted in the 1968 riots.
In the last two months, millions of dollars of international aid has poured into Rwanda to meet food and medical needs, but none of it has gone to the fledgling government that is trying to organize after a civil war.
Soon to be 39, Phil Simms, suddenly without $2.5 million salary that he deserved after his performance last season, decided to join ESPN as a studio analyst.
Art Monk, 36, who has caught more passes than anyone else in NFL history, joined the Jets after the Redskins decided to dispose of his $1.1 million salary.
I didn't do much after those first five years.
I'm just grateful that I got an opportunity to win a championship in my fourth year.'' Won't Affect Gate San Francisco might be excited about the arrival of cornerback Deion Sanders, who signed a one-year, $1.335 million contract with the 49ers a day after baseball canceled the 1994 season.
Tackle Harris Barton will be out for nine weeks after having surgery last week to repair a torn biceps.
The conference's members -- the chief judges of the 13 federal circuit courts of appeals as well as a district judge from each circuit -- are typically reluctant to discuss the conference's affairs outside the scope of the rather cursory public briefings that a staff member provides after the closed sessions.
Even this relatively modest step is controversial: the committee approved it by a vote of 7-6, according to the committee's report to the conference, and only after excising from the accompanying description of the proposed change ``the discussion of the benefits of televised courtroom coverage.'' Instead, the description was rewritten to emphasize that the judicial conference would retain the ability to regulate television access.
Part of Qurai's displeasure may stem from personal pique, after being brushed aside by Arafat at a meeting of donor countries in Paris last week that was supposed to have freed $160 million in badly needed aid for the self-rule authority.
Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali calls this ``a time to rekindle the ideals of the charter.'' The aim of the United Nations Charter -- to be commemorated in San Francisco in June, 50 years after the document's signing -- was to cement a lasting peace and international well-being after the devastation of World War II.
Now, after the Cold War has ended, and with it the superpower standoff that often paralyzed U.N. debate, there are more calls for the world body to turn its attention to safeguarding the planet's resources, starting with its environment and its poorest people, who are the majority and are the source of its migrant populations.
Boutros-Ghali has announced that he will seek another five-year term in office after 1996.
Third World organizations are not only weaker after the Cold War, Kalpage said, but are also threatened by the economic demands of Eastern Europe and the new countries created by the breakup of the Soviet Union.
Diplomats from developing nations say that the Russians have all but disappeared from view after decades of courting Third World support with a variety of enticements.
``But what he did not look at too closely was what is expected of us and we are, after all, serving the demands of our directors -- the 184 member states.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
``There is a reawakening of idealism after years of cynicism, and the United Nations is evolving into a verdant think tank as it starts to wrestle with such issues as overpopulation, damage to the environment and economic development,'' Lelaulu said.
BERLIN ON ALERT AFTER REPORT THAT ABU NIDAL WILL ATTACK JEWS BERLIN  (BC-GERMANY-TERRORISTS-NYT) The police here are on high alert after a report that a Palestinian terrorist group is planning to attack Jewish leaders, business and community centers.
The synagogue was heavily damaged in the 1938 Nazi rampage known as Crystal Night, and has recently reopened after several years of renovation.
Yet 26 years after Clinton took to the streets to assail Johnson's war, he now finds himself, eerily, starring in its revival on the small stage: the principled president, drawn ever deeper into an unpopular battle by his own policies and a fear that retreat equals humiliation.
They were sent after Clinton's backers in the Capitol warned he was rushing into battle without having rallied political support or exhausted all options.
Rooney, whose team had never won a championship at that time, wrote: ``I'll trade my brother and two sisters for your mother, even up.'' In 1969, the Nittany Lions went unbeaten again and then ended up 11-0 after beating Missouri in the 1970 Orange Bowl.
All of this came after Pittman's son Tony and his teammates routed Iowa with reminders of those 1968-69 teams.
Sayon, whom neighbors described as a small-time drug dealer, died on the balmy evening of April 29 after members of a special drug unit forced him to the ground, face down, and cuffed his hands behind his back.
The attack ends a lull that began several months ago after the police captured or killed several high-ranking leaders of the Islamic Group and shut down many of its cells in a series of raids.
In March, after the assassination of the leading presidential candidate in Tijuana, the Zapatistas also announced an alert and prepared for an army assault that never took place.
Smith said he was impressed with Sasser's chances of gaining even more influence by succeeding George Mitchell of Maine as Senate majority leader, after Mitchell retires at the end of the year.
Ned McWherter, meanwhile, is vacating his office after two terms, being prohibited by law from seeking a third.
``The people are in torment,'' said Jean Joseph, a former official under Aristide's government who fled his home in Cap-Haitien after his life was threatened.
``No. 1, so that their enemies cannot identify them and bring them to justice after the intervention,'' Joseph said.
8, after an eight-month investigation, the Air Force issued a thick report that to all appearances deflates the conspiracy theory once and for all.
``But after 47 years it's good to stop taking a black eye.'' The Fund for U.F.O. Research Inc., based in Mount Rainier, Md., charges that the Air Force report excludes all the evidence that conflicts with its conclusion.
Indeed, Raul Castro said that while ``much more'' democracy was needed within the Cuban Communist Party, ``any other party would belong to imperialism, and that we will never permit.'' Yet in laying out the agricultural changes just a few days after they began trumpeting their successful halt to the flight of thousands of refugees under an immigration agreement with the United States, Cuban officials said they hoped the measure would contribute to an improvement in the long-hostile relationship between the countries.
``This is a sign.'' The scarcity of food and other basics like soap was the central factor in the flight of more than 30,000 Cubans after President Castro reacted to the hijackings of some state-owned vessels and a riot against the security forces in Havana on Aug.
That week after the funeral and after our games were played, there were columns written against my decision across the country.
Before and after Piccolo died, I got very close to Gayle.
Raoul Cedras, immediately after President Clinton finished his address to the nation.
He frowns at dances in the end zone after a touchdown, dances after a quarterback sack, high fives for a tackle, high fives even for a batted-down pass.
 (BC-FBN-WEEB-EWBANK-2NDTAKE-NYT) But in 1956, the Colts signed a quarterback named Johnny Unitas off the Pittsburgh sandlots after he had been cut by the Steelers.
``Our equipment man went after him, then I did.
As far as I'm concerned, if you're rating quarterbacks, you can't rate anybody without saying they're as good as Otto Graham or Johnny Unitas or Joe Namath.'' On a wall was a black-and-white photo of Ewbank perched atop three of his Jets players (Steve Thompson, Mike D'Amato and John Dockery) after the 27-23 victory over the Oakland Raiders in the 1968 AFL championship game at Shea Stadium, but the coach was grimacing.
BEHIND THE SCENES: CLINTON TAKES `LAST BEST CHANCE' FOR PEACE WASHINGTON  (BC-HAITI-U.S.-660-(2TAKES)-NYT) Minutes after telling the nation Thursday night that he had exhausted diplomacy in his standoff with Haiti, President Clinton went into his small study off the Oval Office and made a round of telephone calls to enlist emissaries for the high-level mission that on Saturday he called the ``last best chance'' for peace.
In recent weeks, the administration has had to conduct intense negotiations with Aristide on issues ranging from the content of his American-financed radio broadcasts to Haiti to the composition of the police force that will patrol the streets of Port-au-Prince after his return to his promise to step down from office when his term expires.
But he changed his mind after a news report quoted administration officials as saying he would have to urge Haitians to stay home and halt their efforts to flee the country by sea.
And after Aristide refused to allow the Americans to broadcast messages for Haitians to stay home on the radio, the Americans had to seek permission from President Joaquin Balaguer to use radio frequencies from the Dominican Repubic.
Under Haiti's constitution, he cannot run again for five years after that.
Using a 400-page World Bank-Agency for International Development study as a blueprint, two of his most trusted aides drafted an eight-page document that provides the basis for an $800 million package of social and economic reforms that Aristide expects to carry out after he is restored to power.
As he and hundreds of other delegates waited in line for Quayle to autograph his book, Veres said he was troubled by speech after speech against abortion.
And yet, top Democrats acknowledge that after 12 years of incumbency and a four-year economic decline, Cuomo is not popular enough to defeat Pataki without an enthusiastic turnout of the faithful on Nov.
WITH FACTORS RULED OUT, USAIR CRASH EMERGES AS PUZZLE ALIQUIPPA, Pa.  (BC-USAIR-CRASH-550(2TAKES)-NYT) From the time USAir Flight 427 crashed more than a week ago, one promising lead after another has dissolved, offering little help in silencing the question of what went wrong.
Although not the most modern model, the flight data recorder contains more information than the one recovered after the crash of a United Airlines 737 at Colorado Springs, Colo., in 1991.
As the week wound down, the city held a series of memorial services, and radio stations broadcast 15 seconds of silence at 7:05 p.m. Thursday night, exactly a week after the crash.
But after talking with Turner, Gillick decided to remain in Toronto.
Asked which player surprised him the most in his general managerial career, Gillick named Doyle Alexander, a pitcher he signed after the Yankees released him in 1983.
``Here was a guy released by the Yankees,'' Gillick said, ``then came over here and won a lot of games, then won a lot of games after that.
``If they tried to implement it, they'd be in violation of the contract because they couldn't staff the events.'' Kheel replied, ``If they want to strike, they can, but they'd be violating the contract.'' Cancellation of the post-season series the day after they made those comments rendered the dispute moot, but Phillips still may get his chance to act.
Earlier this year, a plastic surgeon from California was fined $100 after he landed his helicopter atop the delicate sandstone palace of Canyonlands National Park, looking for a place to relieve himself.
Two years ago, several thousand four-wheel-drive enthusiasts, after a long night of draining beer kegs and using their eight-cylinder engines to yank trees out of the ground for a bonfire, confronted a handful of federal officials keeping guard over the public domain.
Newcomers from bigger cities move to a small, scenic Western town after visiting it on a vacation.
``We have a very simple but very important mission in Haiti, to work with Haitian officials to devise a peaceful implementation of the policies of the U.S. government and the resolutions passed by the Security Council of the United Nations,'' Carter said in a brief statement after greeting the American ambassador, William L.
But some military supporters among the several hundred people waiting outside shouted insults and curses against Carter and the United States and then tried to block the road from the airport after he left.
Buses and trucks departed from stops around the city Saturday with passengers and luggage hanging from roofs, windows and bumpers after scenes of pushing, shoving and shouting.
His public comments on the military's conduct during and after the campaign were full of praise.
``The role of the armed forces on election day was truly exceptional, providing a model of civil-military relations in a democratic society and also providing hope that the military will continue its constructive constitutional role in the days ahead,'' Carter said shortly after Aristide's triumph.
``It's just not possible that after all this time they could let these guys go,'' one complained Saturday.
Not after Penn State scored more points against Iowa than any team had in Fry's 16 years as head coach.
They are reminded of the past two seasons, which were deflated by defeats after 5-0 starts.
But Columbia, which moved the ball well with a diversified attack, scored on the last play of the half, when Aldrich booted a 31-yard field goal after the Lions had begun a drive at their own 33.
But after he thought about it for a while, he said he might change his plans.
Walsh won a prolonged court fight against Paoletta and was restored to his position after the former mayor tried to force him into retirement.
Earlier this year, a plastic surgeon from California was fined $100 after he landed his helicopter atop the delicate sandstone palace of Canyonlands National Park, looking for a place to relieve himself.
Two years ago, several thousand four-wheel-drive enthusiasts, after a long night of draining beer kegs and using their eight-cylinder engines to yank trees out of the ground for a bonfire, confronted a handful of federal officials keeping guard over the public domain.
Newcomers from bigger cities move to a small, scenic Western town after visiting it on a vacation.
Study after study noted that department stores were dying and that the downtown was not ready for a major new retail center, said Philip Hammer, an economist who headed the city's consulting team in the '80s.
And fantasy, after all, is what a vacation home purchase is really all about.
Most of its growth came after World War II, to some degree at the expense of the older boroughs, and it is currently enjoying a renewed prosperity as the destination of choice for the city's middle-class immigrants.
She first enrolled last year after reading about the growth of executive boxing on the West Coast.
The exemption is, after all, a political gift.
Moriarty said if she is convicted and sentenced after appeal she will resign.
In July 1915, President Wilson had sent the Marines into Haiti to impose order after the country's latest leader, Vilbrun Guillaume Sam, was overthrown.
Then the caco bands reappeared in 1919 after a forced-labor road-building program incensed the Haitians.
Their fervor was aided unwittingly after caco leader Charlemagne Peralte was killed by two Americans who sneaked into Peralte's camp and shot him.
An attempt to demoralize the guerrillas misfired after the Americans disseminated photographs of Peralte's propped-up dead body.
``I think there is going to be a major similarity between this invasion and those of the past,'' he predicted, adding that ``the real problems start after the military victory.
In the years since then the complex was sold to developers for housing, after earlier, though fleeting, plans to clear the site for a supermarket or turn the church into a disco or catering hall were blocked by residents, who were themselves unsuccessful in preserving it as parkland.
``This is one innovative way to help lessen those cuts.'' But soon after the conversion to Coke-only products, fliers protesting the deal appeared around campus and students began complaining.
Construction is to start no later than 21 months after approvals have been granted and appeals exhausted.
Miss Tully died last winter, after a paralyzing stroke, and Scherzer, the founding administrative director of the Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center -- based in Alice Tully Hall -- is one of three executors, as well as a beneficiary, of her will.
``She put her career aside during the war and although she went to Italy after the War'' to resume her training, ``her voice had gone,'' Scherzer said.
``I needed to see green,'' said Auguin in halting English after he got back.
Another competitor, Floyd Romack, 66, of Cape May, N.J., postponed his departure, preferring to wait until after his daughter's wedding next week to leave.
To that point, with 11 seconds to go in the first quarter, the only noticeable Husker imperfections were a blocked extra point following the first touchdown and an incomplete pass by Frazier on a 2-point attempt after the second score.
Nose tackle Sean Johnson scored Tech's lone touchdown by pouncing on a loose football in the end zone after end Byron Wright stripped OU quarterback Garrick McGee at the Sooners' 8 on the first play of the fourth quarter.
``At times, our youth and inexperience showed today,'' Tech coach Spike Dykes said after his team dropped to 1-2.
OU coach Gary Gibbs shrugged off what appeared to be an uninspired performance after last week's 36-14 loss to Texas A&M.
The scoreboard finally blinked again after Wright roared in from the right side and stripped McGee on second-and-five at the OU 19.
But after Robert Johnson's hit gave the Raiders possession at the OU 37, Darden trotted out to take the snap.
``I thought I had a little momentum after throwing the pass on the two-point conversion,'' Lethridge said.
``KTVT/Channel 11 signs with CBS.'' Does this mean, after David Letterman, that Dick Motta is now the second-funniest man on the network?
But I must have taken a sidetrack somewhere if I was modeling myself after him.
And late last season, after an injury to captain Mark Tinordi, Gainey rewarded the forward by making him part of a three-man rotation that alternated wearing the Captain's ``C.'' ``I think he has improved.
And it's tough going out night after night and thinking that's what they're expecting.'' Churla, however, understands that as much Cournoyer as he would like to add to his game, he must continue to be first and foremost a physical presence.
Players have always been aware of the abuse their joints absorb even after jogging on artificial turf, which in many cases is simply a rug atop a thin pad atop cement.
Irvin isn't completely kidding when he says that after this season, when he's a free agent, ``a grass team will be one of the priorities.'' Most players say that, studies notwithstanding, a grass field at Texas Stadium would extend the length and improve the quality of their careers.
The delegation members held several other meetings before and after the session with the officers.
We're going to win one here soon.'' The Broncos' slow start isn't what they expected after a busy off-season, when their additions included Anthony Miller, Mike Pritchard, Leonard Russell and Ray Crockett.
The delegation members held several other meetings before and after the session with the officers.
TOSS THE KEY: HORSE OF THE YEAR SEEMS LOCKED UP  (BC-RAC-WOODWARD-BULL-NYT) Now that the biggest name in all of horse racing is off to take a well-deserved vacation after turning in perhaps the most dominating performance of 1994, the question is: who is left to vie with Holy Bull for Horse of the Year honors?
``I don't know; that's a tough question,'' said Allen Jerkens, the trainer of Devil His Due, when asked if the Eclipse Award was still open after Saturday.
``So I was hoping it (the pole) would happen.'' Kendall, points runner-up in the Sports Car Club of America's Trans-Am Championship, was forced into his backup Ford Mustang Cobra after totaling his primary ride in a four-car practice crash Friday.
Rounding out the Fast Five is Jack Baldwin, the defending race champion, driving his backup Camaro after getting swept up in Friday's melee with Kendall.
Even Nebraska coach Tom Osborne, a master of the bland our-opponents-are-a-fine-football-team statement after the game, seemed a trifle frustrated that it had all been such a cakewalk.
Davis has been absent from the team after getting into a fistfight with teammate Greg Biekert at the Raiders' El Segundo headquarters on Sept.
Even Nebraska coach Tom Osborne, a master of the bland our-opponents-are-a-fine-football-team statement after the game, seemed a trifle frustrated that it had all been such a cakewalk.
Harper averaged nearly 40 minutes a game, even after the Clippers were eliminated from playoff contention, as he was about to become an unrestricted free agent and L.A. wanted to keep him happy and re-sign him.
But after watching Dehere suffer, Clippers general manager Elgin Baylor decided to offer Harper's salary slot to Wayman Tisdale last month, signaling the end of Harper's stay in L.A even though Tisdale signed with Phoenix.
In the early days after a baseball season, the Houston Astros' general manager normally would be busy evaluating his team, looking at lists of free agents and contemplating trades.
The filing period for free agency and arbitration usually happens after the World Series.
Early in the fourth quarter of UCLA's 49-21 loss at Nebraska on Saturday, starting quarterback Wayne Cook left the game after getting the wind knocked out of him.
The Bruins came to Memorial Stadium as defending champions of their conference, the 13th-ranked team in the nation, and left with a lesson on fan support, team depth and national title-contending football after being trampled by the Cornhuskers 49-21.
Trailing by 14, the Bruins took over at the Cornhuskers 37-yard line after Nebraska fumbled.
The Matadors haven't lost a home-opener since 1982, which was clearly on the mind of Northridge coach Bob Burt after the game.
``I knew after that first punch that he was mine,'' Ruelas said.
Leija's only big round was the fifth, when Ruelas went down after what appeared to be a weak right hand that caused no damage.
CHAMPION BROTHERS ARE COMPLETE LAS VEGAS  (BC-BOX-COLUMN-VENTRE-LADN) It was after the announcement that Gabriel Ruelas had just won the biggest fight of his life that the shock came.
The relentless kid from Sylmar with the rock jaw who began to box as a way to escape selling candy did something no one expected after he took a unanimous decision from ``Jesse'' James Leija on Saturday night.
``But he actually gave me a hug after the fight.
Through the rehabilitation, after which Ruelas had limited motion in the limb, Goossen hoped some day he could make it up to the kid.
``They asked me after I won my title if I felt complete, and I said no,'' he explained.
The WBC super lightweight champion floored the challenger with a devastating left hook in the eighth round and, after Taylor managed to get up, followed with a flurry of punches for which Taylor had no answer.
Now I want Randall.'' The loss was devastating for Taylor, who seemed to have found new life after a rapid decline -- he was knocked out in consecutive fights in 1992.
With the two point deductions, judges Dave Brown and Daniel VandeWiele had the fight 66-66 and Malcolm Bulner scored it 69-64 in favor of Chavez after seven rounds.
But after the shuttle Challenger exploded in January of that year, the West Coast launch plans were scrapped -- leaving to decay much of the public's investment in the launch facility.
He said it was costing the Air Force $50 million annually just to maintain the complex after the salvage operation was done, including $3 million for corrosion control.
He is retiring after this session and is said to be the leading candidate for commissioner of baseball.
She seemed to be in a panic, and after failing to get her to describe her location, John Dill, a search and rescue officer, sent a helicopter to look for her.
In Louisiana, a civil suit was filed last year after a criminal court acquitted Rodney Peairs of manslaughter in the shooting death of 16-year-old Yoshihiro Hattori on Halloween night in 1992.
Researchers at France's National Center for Scientific Research said the paper-thin transistors have no metallic electrodes or wires, and work after being bent, twisted or rolled up.
Yet 26 years after Clinton took to the streets to assail Johnson's war, he now finds himself, eerily, starring in its revival on the small stage: the principled president, drawn ever deeper into an unpopular battle by his own policies and a fear that retreat equals humiliation.
They were sent after Clinton's backers in the Capitol warned he was rushing into battle without having rallied political support or exhausted all options.
A half-century after Hugh MacLennan's seminal novel ``Two Solitudes,'' about the conflicts of social forces and attitudes between English and French Canadians, the two cultures head for the 21st Century side by side, but still very separate.
In one city after another -- New York, Washington, Miami, Philadelphia, Houston and Detroit -- quick expansions of the police forces have led to careless screening and hasty training.
More recently, recruits entered police ranks after years of military training.
BARRY ISN'T FIRST DISCREDITED POLITICIAN TO BE WELCOMED BACK WASHINGTON  (BC-BARRY-REVIEW-NYT) The mayor returned triumphantly to office after serving nearly six months in jail.
Barry, who last week staged one of the most audacious comebacks in political history: four years after the former Mayor of the District of Columbia was caught on videotape smoking crack and convicted on drug charges, he won the Democratic Mayoral primary.
Lane, a Democrat from Lawrence, Mass., was the first congressman re-elected, in 1956, after serving jail time -- four months for tax evasion.
Though forced to resign after his guilty plea, Flood was re-elected between two trials.
Todd Wilkowski, a 27-year-old student, put it this way after hearing North speak at a rally in Norfolk, last week: ``Sometimes, you have to follow orders.'' 
``Now, especially after last fall's events, after shooting, after blood, the people don't want to get together and let themselves be beaten with police clubs,'' he explained.
The most effective precautionary measure is to keep your skin as dry as possible or, if sweating is unavoidable, to get clean and dry as soon as possible after stopping the activity.
Dickson, a study co-author, ``but after tax it might be 89th or 111th.'' This idea -- it's not what you get but what you get to keep -- is hardly new.
But Doris Kearns Goodwin (``Lyndon Johnson and the American Dream'' and ``The Fitzgeralds and the Kennedys'') is after something grander in her enthralling new history, ``No Ordinary Time: Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt: The Home Front in World War II.'' Here she recounts the war years, 1940 through 1945, from the perspective of the American presidency.
Goodwin numbers chiefly its failure to do more for European Jews and its inability to stem the tide of hostility toward Japanese-Americans after Pearl Harbor.
The author who tackled ``the feminine mystique'' turns to ``the age mystique.'' Debunking the image of the years after 65 as a time of inevitable decline, she offers a view of this period as one of enhanced creativity and greater freedom from sex roles.
``I think it's very unlikely that the defense is going to be successful,'' Arenella said, ``because it all turns on the warrantless entry.'' During Simpson's preliminary hearing, Municipal Court Judge Kathleen Kennedy-Powell found nothing unconstitutional about officers hopping Simpson's fence and searching the estate grounds without a warrant in the hours after the slayings were discovered.
(Joel Hodgson, the other creator and the original onscreen star of ``MST3K,'' amicably left the program last year.) In the program's early days, Mallon said, when it was in danger of being canceled after a so-so first run on cable, a letter-writing campaign from viewers rescued the show.
The Chinese Communists outlawed Buddhism after they took over Tibet in 1949.
The Authority has arrested militants after recent attacks, but has later released many of them to avoid a total break with the Islamic opposition.
Yusri al-Hams, was killed in a dispute with Hamas gunmen who opened fire after they were caught carrying unlicensed weapons.
The gun, after all, was designed for shooting people, upon whose flesh it inflicts a brief sting and a small bruise.
``There was a big burst after 1989, but now that big fire is just smoldering ashes because of big cuts from the government,'' Klaman said.
They were shot, he said, after learning the names of the gem thieves.
	-- In the talent competition of Saturday night's Miss America competition, Miss Indiana, 	-- In a how-to guide for those tricky moments after sex, Redbook magazine warns that the average woman doesn't like it when the man ``starts talking about which car he wants to buy -- again,'' and the average man doesn't like it when the woman ``discusses the sex.'' 	-- If you're going to vacation in the Crimea, remember to step lively.
	-- In the talent competition of Saturday night's Miss America competition, Miss Indiana, 	-- In a how-to guide for those tricky moments after sex, Redbook magazine warns that the average woman doesn't like it when the man ``starts talking about which car he wants to buy -- again,'' and the average man doesn't like it when the woman ``discusses the sex.'' 	-- If you're going to vacation in the Crimea, remember to step lively.
The infrared telescope was able to take a more detailed picture and, after a long exposure, produced a fuzzy but unmistakable image of a large galaxy behind the Milky Way.
Lowe Howard-Spink tinkered with the commercial even after it was completed.
The assault was stemmed after the Central Bank of Egypt sold off $150 million to meet demands for foreign exchange.
And higher growth is expected after elections this year in Mexico and Brazil, the largest nations in the region.
``Very few people in the United States are aware that Mexico is our third-largest trading partner, after Japan and Canada.
So when The Examiner went after his contract, Fang went to war.
ELMONT, N.Y.  (BC-RAC-HOLY-BULL-525&ADD-NYT) Five hours after Holy Bull stopped the show at Belmont Park with a performance that may have won two championships, the telephone rang in Jimmy Croll's home on the Jersey Shore.
Along the barns of the backstretch on the morning after his performance, rival trainers hesitated about cosmic comparisons.
President Clinton, after he took office, shifted to a policy of negotiating with Cedras for a settlement that would bring Aristide back but give the military guarantees of safety.
During the 1980s, the historian, David Lewis, recorded at least seven interviews with Ford, yielding 200 pages of transcripts, with an agreement he would not release the transcripts publicly until five years after Ford died.
But about 1974, after the oil embargo and a surge in government regulation, Ford said, Iacocca got into a ``blue funk'' about products and ``got lost all of sudden.'' Further, Iacocca began cultivating ``a coterie of his own people'' who were ``loyal to him, but not the organization.'' In his autobiography, Iacocca accused Ford of being ``always on the lookout for palace revolts.'' 
Officially, the polls show that Pete Wilson, the stolid Republican incumbent, has taken the lead in the contest after a slow start, once again demonstrating that he is the California master of the confound-the-experts political surge.
State Treasurer Kathleen Brown, his Democratic opponent and the latest member of the Brown political dynasty to seek the California governorship, has slipped into second place after leading the race for the better part of a year, at one time by more than 20 points.
The company, whose motto is ``Prices are born here and raised elsewhere,'' is not after affluent shoppers in search of pricey Italian prams and French layettes.
Expected to hold almost 7 million of the 12 million shares likely to be outstanding after the offering, Tate will control the company.
After taking their case to the agency's board of appeals, they prevailed, receiving a patent this summer, nine years after application.
	``When they called and told me, after my pleasurable astonishment I levitated to the heights of the Lincoln Center fountain,'' he said.
``It's hard for me to tell you how frustrating that has been,'' Dellenbach said Sunday, flashing a smile after the Dolphins' 28-14 victory over the Jets at Joe Robbie Stadium.
Before a roaring, sold-out crowd of 15,222 at the MGM Grand Garden, many of whom came from Mexico to see Chavez the night after Mexican Independence Day, Chavez liberated himself from the ``shot fighter'' label put upon him after two dismal performances against Frankie Randall this year.
He and Chavez exchanged blows after the bell in the third round, and Taylor held his hands aloft after nailing Chavez in the fourth round with left-right combination.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Judge Malcolm Bulner of Australia had Chavez ahead 69-64 after seven rounds, while Dave Brown of Canada and Daniel VandeWiele of Belgium had the fight even at 66.
Patten, who served nine terms as a Democratic congressman from New Jersey and retired in 1981 after a political career of nearly five decades, died Saturday at the John F.
A stalwart in the Democratic machine headed by David Wilentz, Patten was elected after pledging ``100 percent support'' of President John F.
Early in 1980, after the Middlesex County Democratic organization indicated that it was searching for a replacement for him, Patten announced that he would not seek re-election.
Shortly after leaving New Jersey's Congressional delegation in early 1981, he said in an interview that he had learned during his years in Congress that the wise course was to be ``low-profiled, selfless, to regard your constituents as sacred and don't shoot your mouth off on every issue.
Right after Chad, China and Chilliwack, British Columbia.
A year after President Boris N.
But a financial analyst who studied the deal said that if the $65 million payment from Borden to Kohlberg, Kravis is deducted from that $300 million, and assuming depreciation of the RJR stock price, and after underwriting fees and other fees, Borden will be lucky to realize $200 million from the deal.
Kazarian received $160 million as a settlement from Sunbeam-Oster after it dismissed him as chairman in 1993.
SARAJEVO'S CRUELEST SIEGE: BOREDOM, STRESS, ANXIETY SARAJEVO, Bosnia and Herzegovina  (BC-YUGOSLAVIA-SARAJEVO-ART-2TAKES-NYT) Six months after a NATO ultimatum stopped the Serbian shelling of Sarajevo, this city has entered a nightmarish twilight zone in which the horrors are less palpable than exploding shrapnel but more insidious and just as destructive.
Now her mother, Vasvija Obuca, has to pick her daughter up from the bus stop every day after school because the girl is too afraid to walk alone.
In 1974, he paid $420,000 -- four times the previous record -- for the rarest of coins, an Athena decadrachm from the fifth century B.C. In hockey, after he bought the Kings for $15 million, he agreed to pay that much over 10 years to pry Wayne Gretzky from the Edmonton Oilers.
About two weeks after the Kings were sold, three of McNall's banks, Credit Lyonnais, IBJ Schroder and European American Bank, filed a petition for involuntary bankruptcy, a case that has since been converted into a Chapter 11 reorganization.
A second suit accused Merrill Lynch and McNall of acquiring some coins in the funds illegally, after McNall said in an April article in Vanity Fair that he had smuggled coins from places like Turkey and many coins in two Merrill Lynch funds were taken illegally.
From the residue of the McNall empire, the banks may, after all, get little.
With Meggett doing the running and H-back Pierce lining up in the backfield to block for him, the Giants converted two fourthdowns (one on a penalty when the Redskins jumped offsides), with Meggett eventually scoring on a 2-yard run after bouncing outside on a play designed to go inside.
Ellard burned Raymond on a 3-yard TD pass to tie the score at 10-10, Howard had two catches on a Redskin' drive that ended with a 41-yard field goal, and after the Giants took a 17-13 lead on a 30-yard pass to Mike Sherrard, Ellard hauled in three long passes (22, 19, and 20 yards) on a seven-play, 70-yard drive that ended with tight end Ethan Horton making a 4-yard touchdown reception.
The plan is to deploy the force just days after either an invasion or the voluntary resignation of Haiti's junta.
That mission is expected to take over responsibility from the United States several months after an invasion or the junta's resignation.
``But by not making the changes, the council has backed into the very problems it was trying to avoid.'' In 1977, the New England council adopted quotas and other limits to restore cod, haddock and yellowtail flounder, but five years later, it dropped the restrictions after fishermen protested that they were no longer needed.
At the same time, the government made millions of dollars in low-interest loans available to the fishing industry to help build it up after the departure of the foreign vessels.
Some states are going further, considering bills that would allow detention of violent sex offenders even after their prison terms -- though some lawyers call such civil-commitment laws unconstitutional.
DeFlumer was convicted of murder in 1947, after an 8-year-old playmate's naked body was found hanging from a length of clothesline.
Wood was born four years after her brother went away.
Year after year, the family would crisscross the state, heading for prisons with names like Dannemora and Green Haven, the way other families would go on car trips.
She died after suffering a heart attack, The Associated Press reported.
``I start campaigning the day after the election and never stop.'' She was also good at political repartee.
Those were the teams that produced six Hall of Fame players: safety Emlen Tunnell, running back Frank Gifford, defensive end Andy Robustelli, middle linebacker Sam Huff, offensive tackle Roosevelt Brown and quarterback Y.A. Tittle (who joined the Giants in 1961 after a long career with the 49ers).
Sanders, on the other hand, has sensed little jealousy, and this is after touring the locker room two weeks ago and spending a preseason game on the sidelines.
And the Jets never recovered after the eight-minute attack in which they were bowled over by Dolphins' runners.
This, after all, was the same Jets' team that stuffed Buffalo and Denver runners on consecutive Sundays to open the season.
Richie Anderson's 32-yard scoring strike from Esiason was offset by Irving Fryar's 2-yard score after he took a lateral from Keith Jackson in the third quarter.
HAITIAN REGIME INDICATES THAT IT IS WILLING TO RELINQUISH POWER PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti  (BC-HAITI-NYT) An American diplomatic delegation led by former President Jimmy Carter extended its stay here on Sunday after officials said there were indications that Haiti's military leaders were willing to step down if they and their subordinates received satisfactory guarantees they would not be punished.
Sam Nunn, D-Ga., delayed their scheduled midday departure after signs that Cedras would consider stepping down.
Judge Kennedy-Powell's ruling, however, did not apply to about two dozen pieces of evidence seized at Simpson's estate after the warrant was obtained.
This week the defense will challenge both the evidence that was seized after the warrant was issued and Judge Kennedy-Powell's ruling on the glove and bloodstains, hoping to show that at least some of the evidence was obtained illegally.
But after talking with a financial-aid adviser, she said she planned to seek more help.
Jets fans are probably ready to hit the panic button, especially after seeing the way the team was pushed, pulled and dragged across the steamy field at Joe Robbie Stadium.
Mitchell needs to stand in front of the Juggs machine and catch a hundred balls after practice -- sort of the equivalent of writing ``I will not talk in class'' 100 times.
``And let me pledge to you that no community in this state will be subjected to three and a half days of terror because of the unwillingness of the law-enforcement officials or the political leadership to protect the safety of any community in this state.'' Pataki was referring to a comment by Cuomo in a newspaper interview a week after black youths had thrown rocks and bottles at Hasidim on the streets, and a Hasidic scholar, Yankel Rosenbaum, had been killed.
We're now like everyplace else.'' Arietta was chosen for its bad reception, lack of cable, low economic levels and general remoteness after consulting a 131-page Census Bureau list of very small communities.
Primestar's service costs $300 to install (and will cost about $1 a day for those who keep the basic service after the three-month trial).
In mid-August, Cooper Gilkes, a tackle shop owner and fishing guide from Edgartown, Mass., on the island of Martha's Vineyard invited me to go after bonito with him, but our schedules didn't allow this to happen until early September.
On many mornings in his shop after all-night striper sorties, he'll be a bit sodden and bleary-eyed, but eager to recount what he caught, what he saw and what he learned.
Hamilton, in an August 1993 lawsuit, claimed that after buying a $1,500 burial plot at Forest Lawn Mortuary's Hollywood Hills cemetery, mortuary officials told him someone else had been buried in his plot and then falsely said he'd agreed to buy another cemetery space.
) CARTER DELEGATION LEAVES HAITI AMID INDICATIONS REGIME WILL STEP DOWN PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti  (BC-HAITI-1STLD-WRITETHRU-NYT) An American diplomatic delegation led by former President Jimmy Carter left on Sunday night after ending talks with Haiti's military leaders, with officials saying there were indications that the junta's members were willing to step down if they and their subordinates received satisfactory guarantees they would not be punished.
The talks ended after two consecutive days of meetings with Haiti's military chief, Lt. Gen.
Sam Nunn, D-Ga., delayed their scheduled midday departure until Sunday evening after signs that Cedras would consider stepping down.
The favored U.S. crew, stroked by Jeff Klepacki, a Rutgers alumnus from Kearny, N.J., faltered in the final 500 meters after leading by almost a full boat length and won by six-tenths of a second over a surprising crew from the Netherlands.
 (BC-NYC-FAILING-GRADS-2NDTAKE-NYT) Last week, several Eastern District students called attention to the ceremony because they said the re-enrollment of dozens of last year's seniors after their June graduation had aggravated what they characterized as a chaotic opening at Eastern District.
So many students returned to school last week after graduating in June that they swelled already long lines of students waiting to see guidance counselors to unsnarl tangled class schedules.
Now, after nine months as mayor, Giuliani has put together a remarkable string of successes in his dealings with labor.
But after a campaign in which he ridiculed Mayor David Dinkins for letting sanitation workers put in less than a full day's work, he stopped short of carrying out his threats to lay off scores of workers or turn over their jobs to private companies.
BUS SUPERVISOR FACES DRUG AND GUN CHARGES NEW YORK  (BC-NY-OFFICIAL-ARRESTED-NYT) A school-bus route supervisor employed by New York City was arrested in the South Bronx on Saturday evening after he was found carrying heroin and a loaded gun, police said.
When the Oilers got the ball back, they started at the Buffalo 39 after Ernest Givins returned a punt 31 yards.
The latter pretty much spoke for his terribly frustrated mates when he called the Oilers' scoring anemia ``a joke.'' Houston lost 15-7 to the Bills without surrendering a touchdown, after having succumbed a week ago in Dallas -- 20-17 -- despite letting the mighty Cowboys violate its end zone only twice.
The Bills were allowed to run out the final 3 minutes, 51 seconds, just as the Cowboys had been permitted to consume all but 22 seconds after Gary Brown's two-yard touchdown run had brought the Oilers back to within three with 4:07 left.
``He is especially strong in providing positive team leadership, and he will bring added strength to our in-depth coverage of Mexico.'' Rivard, 41, has served as assistant managing editor of the Express-News since shortly after the San Antonio Light ceased operations in January 1993, where he served as deputy managing editor for more than three years.
(Gleb Kosorukov/New York Times Photo.) 	(NYT6) ELMONT, N.Y. -- September 19, 1994 -- RAC-HOLY-BULL, 9-18 -- Jockey Mike Smith tipping his hat to the crowd after riding Holy Bull during his tour de force performance in the Woodward at Belmont.
(Gleb Kosorukov/New York Times Photo.) 	(NYT6) ELMONT, N.Y. -- September 19, 1994 -- RAC-HOLY-BULL, 9-18 -- Jockey Mike Smith tipping his hat to the crowd after riding Holy Bull during his tour de force performance in the Woodward at Belmont.
(Gleb Kosorukov/New York Times Photo.) 	(NYT6) ELMONT, N.Y. -- September 19, 1994 -- RAC-HOLY-BULL, 9-18 -- Jockey Mike Smith tipping his hat to the crowd after riding Holy Bull during his tour de force performance in the Woodward at Belmont.
(Gleb Kosorukov/New York Times Photo.) 	(NYT6) ELMONT, N.Y. -- September 19, 1994 -- RAC-HOLY-BULL, 9-18 -- Jockey Mike Smith tipping his hat to the crowd after riding Holy Bull during his tour de force performance in the Woodward at Belmont.
The amnesty would apply not only to Cedras and Biamby, the official said, but also to all others in the government and the Haitian military who took part in crimes and human-rights abuses after the coup that forced Aristide from power in on Sept.
But U.S. officials said troops would still go ashore on Monday to try to create a safe and secure environment for Aristide's return of office after three years in exile.
The accord was reached after more than a day of talks in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, between the Haitian leaders and a delegation led by former President Jimmy Carter.
15, a year after he and his colleagues first pledged to resign under a U.N. agreement.
The reported agreement Sunday marked the payoff on a political gamble that Clinton took on Friday when he sent the mission to Haiti after announcing on national television that all diplomatic avenues had been exhausted and an invasion was imminent.
``But then I told Tim Brown, `I'll pass out as long as you keep scoring touchdowns.''' But perhaps the most important thing the Raiders showed here Sunday was that there is still a little life in Jeff Hostetler's throwing arm after all.
One week after squirting away a game in Dallas with a series of childish outbursts, these Oilers fragmented in their home opener like a pinata struck with a baseball bat.
I think the key is how we react, and that explosion of comments after the game should be remedied by Monday when Jack talks to the team.'' Whether a lecture from Pardee can effect a cure is open to debate, and the verbal sniping isn't the only sign of a team in disarray.
Gilbride learned from a talk-show caller after the game that Cody Carlson had been activated and Billy Joe Tolliver designated the emergency quarterback.
15,'' after the parliament passes a law granting them amnesty, Clinton said.
He said after they resign, President Jean-Bertrand Aristide, overthrown three years ago in a military takeover, will return to take up his post.
``I can't imagine the would want to stay after Aristide returns.'' Christopher added, ``I can assure you that when they leave, they won't be taking any American money with them.'' Even so, U.S. officials that they have discussed allowing Cedras and Gen.
Sunday's agreement was reached only after Cedras was presented evidence that U.S. paratroopers had actually begun boarding planes for Haiti, Clinton said.
In fact it was signed after Haiti received evidence that paratroopers from our 82d Airborne Division based at Fort Bragg, N.C. had begun to load up to begin the invasion which I had ordered to start this evening.
But the president said U.S. troops would nevertheless go ashore in Haiti on Monday at the head of a 15,000-member force to try to create a secure environment for Aristide to return to office three years after a coup forced him from power.
Clinton did not go into such detail in his speech, referring only to Haiti's ``military leaders.'' The amnesty would apply not only to Cedras and Biamby, the administration official said, but also to all others in the government and the Haitian military who took part in crimes and human-rights abuses after the coup on Sept.
``Tonight, I can tell you that they will go.'' The accord was reached after two days of talks in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, between the Haitian leaders and a U.S. delegation led by former President Jimmy Carter.
The agreement may mark the payoff on a political gamble Clinton took on Friday when he sent the mission to Haiti after announcing on national television that all diplomatic avenues had been exhausted and an invasion was imminent.
``The United States forces arrive beginning tomorrow and do so in situations less dangerous, although not without risk.'' Clinton added that ``the presence of the 15,000 multinational forces will guarantee the dictators carry out the agreement.'' He said, ``This agreement only came because of the credible and imminent threat of multinational force'' and noted that, ``At the time agreement was reached, 61 American planes were already in the air.'' A senior White House official said Sunday night that the breakthrough had come after Biamby learned that warplanes bound for Haiti had taken off from Fort Bragg, N.C. Biamby, who had taken a break from the talks, returned to the negotiating table and told Cedras that the time had come to make a deal.
Administration officials said Cedras and Biamby had indicated that they would leave the country after leaving office.
15,'' after the parliament passes a law granting them amnesty, Clinton said.
He said after they resign, President Jean-Bertrand Aristide, overthrown three years ago in a military takeover, will return to take up his post.
``I can't imagine they would want to stay after Aristide returns.'' Christopher added, ``I can assure you that when they leave, they won't be taking any American money with them.'' Even so, U.S. officials said they had discussed allowing Cedras and Gen.
Sunday's agreement was reached only after Cedras was presented evidence that U.S. paratroopers had actually begun boarding planes for Haiti, Clinton said.
AMERICAN DELEGATION ENDS 2 DAYS OF TALKS WITH HAITIAN LEADERS PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti  (BC-HAITI-2NDLD-WRITETHRU-NYT) The American diplomatic delegation led by former President Carter left on Sunday night after ending talks with Haiti's military leaders.
The talks ended after two days of meetings with Haiti's military chief, Lt. Gen.
Sam Nunn, D-Ga., delayed their scheduled midday departure until Sunday evening after signs that Cedras would consider stepping down.
President Clinton, after he took office, shifted to a policy of negotiating with Cedras for a settlement that would bring President Aristide back but give the military guarantees of safety.
Peete signed a $575,000 deal with the Cowboys last spring, Kramer plays with the Chicago Bears, and Ware is looking for a job after being released by the Minnesota Vikings.
``The thing we went after when this free agency came out is we wanted one quarterback,'' Fontes said.
In going after him, we lost all three.
But his reaction after the Los Angeles Raiders' 48-16 rout of the Denver Broncos Sunday spoke volumes about the team's view on the lopsided win.
Shell and the players took it as reaffirming their ability, something that was questioned after they opened the season with two losses by a combined 59 points.
It's the beginning of the season for us.'' Defensive end Anthony Smith sat on a stool in the locker room after the Raiders completed their 10th win in their last 11 meetings with the Broncos and excitedly waved his hands.
It's no coincidence it came after they finally showed they could do some basic things, like run and throw and play defense.
-- The Raiders actually had an effective running game, breaking the 100-yard mark on the ground as a team after getting 34 and 99 yards against San Francisco and Seattle.
Solomon spent 13 years directing the Busch Media Group, the in-house national media unit of Anheuser-Busch, after 19 years in sales and marketing positions at ABC.
	New Yorker Splits With Berlin Wright 	The New Yorker and Berlin Wright Cameron Doyle in New York have decided to part company on the magazine's account after only eight months.
Florio, then president of The New Yorker, hired Berlin Wright after the account was resigned by Goodby, Silverstein & Partners in San Francisco.
It was not long after the cameras stopped rolling that he, Lake, Vice President Gore and Leon Panetta, White House chief of staff, retreated to a small study off the Oval Office to invite Nunn and Powell to join the mission.
He proved at least temporarily right this summer after he proclaimed that the crisis over North Korea's nuclear weapons programs was over, but it is not yet clear that the North Korean leadership will prove as accommodating as he had suggested.
The plan is to deploy the new police force shortly after Oct.
Administration officials say the Pentagon's plan is for the 15,000 American troops who land over the next few days to establish basic order and insure a peaceful transition, and then for the international police force to replace most of the American troops soon after Oct.
That mission is expected to take over responsibility from the United States several months after an invasion or the junta's resignation.
Raoul Cedras agreed to step down late Sunday only when it became clear to them that an American invasion was going to be launched just after nightfall Sunday.
The planes, carrying members of the Army's 82nd Airborne Division at Fort Bragg, N.C., were ordered to turn back after Clinton received word from the U.S. delegation to Haiti that Cedras and his cohorts had agreed to step down.
John Shalikashvili, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told reporters after the president's speech that the invasion had been scheduled for several days to begin Sunday night, and that Clinton had given the orders to begin the initial stages of the assault Sunday afternoon while the Carter delegation was still talking to Cedras.
The agreement was reached after a two-days of extended negotiating sessions between the Carter delegation and the Haitian leaders.
Colin Powell, the former joint chiefs chairman, telephoned Clinton with the news of the 7-point agreement shortly after the president had ordered planes to take off from Pope Air Force Base.
Friesz throws so quickly, there's nothing we can do.'' Raymond was burned time after time by Ellard.
This year, after the Republicans designated state Sen.
The Haitian leaders only agreed to that after one of them, Brig.
I don't know who it is, but not General Powell.'' Officials in Washington started getting nervous about the Carter team's lengthy stay in Haiti shortly after noon EDT.
ON HAITI'S STREETS, AN EERIE SILENCE PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti  (BC-HAITI-3RDLD-WRITETHRU-930&ADD(2TAKES)-NYT) The announcement that Haiti's military rulers have agreed to give up power after three years of increasingly brutal repression was greeted here on Sunday night not with joy or protests, but with silence.
Minutes after President Clinton told Americans that Lt. Gen.
The Southampton village police said that Gerulaitis' body was found at a home on Meadow Lane shortly after 3 p.m. A preliminary medical examination indicated that he suffered a heart attack while sleeping, said his sister, Ruta.
He was never out of the top 10 from 1977 to 1983, and after a yearlong drop, climbed again to No. 4 in 1984, a year before his retirement.
The Southampton village police said that Gerulaitis' body was found at a home on Meadow Lane shortly after 3 p.m. A preliminary medical examination indicated that he suffered a heart attack while sleeping, said his sister, Ruta.
He was never out of the top 10 from 1977 to 1983, and after a yearlong drop, climbed again to No. 4 in 1984, a year before his retirement.
It was a drive of near perfection, with the Chiefs' defense setting up the offense after a brilliant play by the third-year cornerback Dale Carter.
``But I don't call the shots.'' Sanders, the two-sport star who signed with the 49ers soon after the major league baseball season was canceled last week, obviously impressed his new employers during his handful of snaps.
``We got after them and hit hard,'' said coach Chuck Knox.
She asked us our names and what positions we play,'' shortstop Matt Fisher said after meeting the first lady.
But the president said U.S. troops would nevertheless go ashore in Haiti on Monday at the head of a 15,000-member force to try to create a secure environment for Aristide to return to office three years after a coup forced him from power.
``Tonight, I can tell you that they will go.'' But the administration officials said that although Cedras and Biamby had indicated they would leave Haiti after relinquishing power, that was not part of the formal agreement.
The amnesty would apply not only to Cedras and Biamby, the administration official said, but also to all others in the government and the Haitian military who took part in crimes and human-rights abuses after the coup on Sept.
The accord was reached after two days of talks in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, between the Haitian leaders and a U.S. delegation led by Carter, which included Gen.
White House officials are betting that the agreement will be the payoff on a political gamble Clinton took on Friday when he sent the mission to Haiti after announcing on national television that all diplomatic avenues had been exhausted and an invasion was imminent.
Sunday night, the president said the Haitian leaders had capitulated only after they learned that the invasion was under way.
 (BC-HAITI-AGREEMENT-2NDTAKE-NYT) Biamby, who had taken a break when the talks stretched for hours after Carter had been scheduled to leave, returned to the table and told Cedras the time had come to make a deal.
The officials said it was not until after 4 p.m. that the outlines of an agreement were reached.
But that deal left unspecified the date by which the Haitian leaders would depart, a detail to which the Haitians agreed only after learning that U.S. warplanes were in the air.
A year ago here, the Canadian finished fifth on the tight and treacherous 1.3-mile, nine-turn circuit around Reunion Arena after his power steering broke.
But after a postrace inspection, SCCA officials disqualified Kendall and his team for changing tire compounds.
This infraction came on the heels of another meted out after Round 12 at Road America on Sept.10.
But the president said U.S. troops would nevertheless go ashore in Haiti on Monday at the head of a 15,000-member force to try to create a secure environment for Aristide to return to office three years after a coup forced him from power.
``Tonight, I can tell you that they will go.'' But the administration officials said that although Cedras and Biamby had indicated they would leave Haiti after relinquishing power, that was not part of the formal agreement.
The amnesty would apply not only to Cedras and Biamby, the administration official said, but also to all others in the government and the Haitian military who took part in crimes and human-rights abuses after the coup on Sept.
The accord was reached after two days of talks in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, between the Haitian leaders and a U.S. delegation led by Carter, which included Gen.
White House officials are betting that the agreement will be the payoff on a political gamble Clinton took on Friday when he sent the mission to Haiti after announcing on national television that all diplomatic avenues had been exhausted and an invasion was imminent.
Sunday night, the president said the Haitian leaders had capitulated only after they learned that the invasion was under way.
 (BC-HAITI-AGREEMENT-3RDLD-2NDTAKE-NYT) Biamby, who had taken a break when the talks stretched for hours after Carter had been scheduled to leave, returned to the table and told Cedras the time had come to make a deal.
The officials said it was not until after 4 p.m. that the outlines of an agreement were reached.
But that deal left unspecified the date by which the Haitian leaders would depart, a detail to which the Haitians agreed only after learning that U.S. warplanes were in the air.
Clinton, after he took office, shifted to a policy of negotiating with Cedras for a settlement that would bring Aristide back but give the military guarantees of safety.
Young accomplished this despite limping through the fourth quarter after Rams safety Marquez Pope kicked him in the knee with a cheap-shot, leg-whip tackle.
It was more than an hour and a half after curfew when President Clinton's announcement of an agreement became known, so reaction from Haitians was hard to come by initially.
The cause of death will be determined after an examination by the Suffolk County Medical Examiner's office.
Word of the Brooklyn native's death sped among the few players still present in the Arena after the tournament ended Sunday night.
But that still doesn't easily excuse how the Seahawks, owners of 66 points after the first two weeks, could go from first and goal at the 18-inch line to fourth and goal at the 21-yard line, as they did early in the second quarter.
``That sounds good,'' McDaniel said Sunday after the Raiders beat the Broncos 48-16 at Mile High Stadium.
He simply decided to pick up the pace in practice after the team's 0-2 start.
Jon Vaughn, Warren's backup, was lost early in the second quarter after being poked in the eye -- leaving the Seahawks with only fullbacks Tracy Johnson and Steve Smith until Warren returned with 6:05 left in the third quarter.
He returned briefly after Hunter went down, but was not able to finish the game -- leaving backup free safety Dave McCloughan and rookie free agent Orlando Watters to man the corners.
Once I caught it, I was able to walk into the end zone.'' The Chargers came after Mirer with linebackers, cornerbacks and safeties.
The Chargers quarterback was lined up in his own end zone on third-and-19, and the Seahawks went after him with a full blitz -- nine men rushing, and the two cornerbacks in man-to-man coverage.
With that, Johnson blew the tournament and nearly a fuse later, admonishing a reporter who was wondering how she was able to smile after missing the putt.
The 31-year-old who lives in Ponte Vedra Beach, Fla., was disappointed about not making the Solheim Cup team, especially after being a member in '92.
She shot a closing 68 and was even tied for the lead momentarily after the 12th hole.
Sullivan perceives all these as attributes yet says he lacks sufficient evidence to judge this team after three games.
Iowa coach Hayden Fry took that tact after his Hawkeyes were pummelled by the Nittany Lions, 61-21.
This was the weekend the Chiefs could have had a letdown after last week's emotional victory over the San Francisco 49ers.
His 25-yard touchdown reception in the fourth quarter came after the Chiefs had built a 23-3 lead.
Speaking less than two hours after the president announced to the nation Sunday that the military leaders had agreed to depart and allow Aristide to return, Hillary Clinton provided a glimpse of some of the details that led to the agreement.
Sam Nunn, D-Ga., had engaged in a day of apparently failed diplomacy and reached the agreement only after the threat of U.S. military power.
``Once they heard that 61 planes carrying the 82nd Airborne had taken off, they began to appreciate the seriousness of the situation.'' Hillary Clinton was filling in for her husband at the fund-raiser, after he canceled his scheduled West Coast trip so he could remain in Washington and deal with the Haiti crisis.
But the president said U.S. troops would nevertheless go ashore in Haiti on Monday at the head of a 15,000-member force to try to create a secure environment for Aristide to return to office, three years after a coup forced him from power.
``Tonight, I can tell you that they will go.'' But administration officials said that although Cedras and Biamby had indicated they would leave Haiti after relinquishing power, that was not part of the formal agreement.
Any amnesty would apply not only to Cedras and Biamby, one administration official said, but also to all others in the government and the Haitian military who took part in crimes and human-rights abuses after the coup on Sept.
The accord was reached after two days of talks in Port-au-Prince between the Haitian leaders and the delegation led by Carter, which included Gen.
White House officials are betting that the agreement will be the payoff on a political gamble Clinton took on Friday when he sent the mission to Haiti after announcing on national television that all diplomatic avenues had been exhausted and an invasion was imminent.
On Sunday night, the president said the Haitian leaders had capitulated only after they learned that the invasion was under way.
A senior White House official said the breakthrough had come when Biamby learned that American warplanes bound for Haiti had taken off from Fort Bragg, N.C. Biamby, who had taken a break when the talks stretched for hours after Carter had been scheduled to leave, returned to the table and told Cedras the time had come to make a deal.
AGREEMENT IS MET WITH SILENCE AND SOME GUNSHOTS PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti  (BC-HAITI-4THLD-WRITETHRU-NYT) The announcement that Haiti's military rulers have agreed to give up power after three years of increasingly brutal repression was greeted here on Sunday night not with joy or protests, but with silence and a few gunshots.
Minutes after President Clinton told Americans that Lt. Gen.
After being beaten during an evening match at a tournament in Forest Hills one year, Gerulaitis proceeded to caustically criticize a linesman, saying, ``They ought to put him in a crematorium.'' When later told that the linesman was Jewish, after his quotes had appeared in newspapers, Gerulaitis sheepishly apologized.
During that season, he was suspended for three weeks after U.S. Open fines put him beyond the $5,000 limit for the year.
The author who tackled ``the feminine mystique'' turns to ``the age mystique.'' Debunking the image of the years after 65 as a time of inevitable decline, she offers a view of this period as one of enhanced creativity and greater freedom from sex roles.
Dickson, a study co-author, ``but after tax it might be 89th or 111th.'' This idea -- it's not what you get but what you get to keep -- is hardly new.
A half-century after Hugh MacLennan's seminal novel ``Two Solitudes,'' about the conflicts of social forces and attitudes between English and French Canadians, the two cultures head for the 21st Century side by side, but still very separate.
But if he fails to do that after three years, he's out.
Called from his plowing to be dictator of Rome, Cincinnatus defeated those awful Acqui people and resigned after a little more than two weeks.
In one city after another -- New York, Washington, Miami, Philadelphia, Houston and Detroit -- quick expansions of the police forces have led to careless screening and hasty training.
More recently, recruits entered police ranks after years of military training.
BARRY ISN'T FIRST DISCREDITED POLITICIAN TO BE WELCOMED BACK WASHINGTON  (BC-BARRY-REVIEW-NYT) The mayor returned triumphantly to office after serving nearly six months in jail.
Barry, who last week staged one of the most audacious comebacks in political history: four years after the former Mayor of the District of Columbia was caught on videotape smoking crack and convicted on drug charges, he won the Democratic Mayoral primary.
Lane, a Democrat from Lawrence, Mass., was the first congressman re-elected, in 1956, after serving jail time -- four months for tax evasion.
Though forced to resign after his guilty plea, Flood was re-elected between two trials.
Todd Wilkowski, a 27-year-old student, put it this way after hearing North speak at a rally in Norfolk, last week: ``Sometimes, you have to follow orders.'' 
He is retiring after this session and is said to be the leading candidate for commissioner of baseball.
She seemed to be in a panic, and after failing to get her to describe her location, John Dill, a search and rescue officer, sent a helicopter to look for her.
Most people are flattered when asked for help -- unless it's 2 a.m. So what do you do when you need help after all the lights are out on your street?
``We're cutting spending, not adding spending,'' said Synar, who in May called a hearing of his Government Operations subcommittee on the environment, energy and natural resources after outraged preservationists finally caught his ear.
 (BC-GETTYSBURG-(2ndtake)-COX) At the hearing, both Synar and Andrews, his Texas colleague, blasted college and park service officials, accusing them of cutting corners to cut the deal, trying to keep details secret, and simply ``dropping the ball.'' Synar's panel is responsible for making sure such mistakes aren't made, but he didn't even hear about the matter until last November -- which is why he uses the word ``cover-up.'' At the hearing, after listening to historians and denouncing officials involved, Synar accusing the college of sneakiness and the park service of incompetence.
Frost's 2nd Battalion reaches the northern end of the Arnhem bridge at 8 p.m., after advancing against enemy resistance for seven hours.
Yet 26 years after Clinton took to the streets to assail Johnson's war, he now finds himself, eerily, starring in its revival on the small stage: the principled president, drawn ever deeper into an unpopular battle by his own policies and a fear that retreat equals humiliation.
They were sent after Clinton's backers in the Capitol warned he was rushing into battle without having rallied political support or exhausted all options.
In Louisiana, a civil suit was filed last year after a criminal court acquitted Rodney Peairs of manslaughter in the shooting death of 16-year-old Yoshihiro Hattori on Halloween night in 1992.
Researchers at France's National Center for Scientific Research said the paper-thin transistors have no metallic electrodes or wires, and work after being bent, twisted or rolled up.
But a few years ago she got her first taste of joy and religion when she attended a service at a Baptist church in Harlem, and it made her wonder if something beyond this world did exist after all.
It evoked the movie ``Dave,'' in which the president is impersonated by someone else after he falls ill.
After baring her breasts (which are not shown on screen), she displays her prostitute's heart of gold; after the boys' bikes are stolen, she drives them home to the suburbs.
The boys make interesting conjectures about a diaphragm that one of them has found (``I think it's a travel drinking cup'') and make typical pre-adolescent assessments of sex after watching pirated porn video.
8, after an eight-month investigation, the Air Force issued a thick report that to all appearances deflates the conspiracy theory once and for all.
``But after 47 years it's good to stop taking a black eye.'' The Fund for U.F.O. Research Inc., based in Mount Rainier, Md., charges that the Air Force report excludes all the evidence that conflicts with its conclusion.
Earlier this year, a plastic surgeon from California was fined $100 after he landed his helicopter atop the delicate sandstone palace of Canyonlands National Park, looking for a place to relieve himself.
Two years ago, several thousand four-wheel-drive enthusiasts, after a long night of draining beer kegs and using their eight-cylinder engines to yank trees out of the ground for a bonfire, confronted a handful of federal officials keeping guard over the public domain.
Newcomers from bigger cities move to a small, scenic Western town after visiting it on a vacation.
Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali calls this ``a time to rekindle the ideals of the charter.'' The aim of the United Nations Charter -- to be commemorated in San Francisco in June, 50 years after the document's signing -- was to cement a lasting peace and international well-being after the devastation of World War II.
Now, after the Cold War has ended, and with it the superpower standoff that often paralyzed U.N. debate, there are more calls for the world body to turn its attention to safeguarding the planet's resources, starting with its environment and its poorest people, who are the majority and are the source of its migrant populations.
Boutros-Ghali has announced that he will seek another five-year term in office after 1996.
Third World organizations are not only weaker after the Cold War, Kalpage said, but are also threatened by the economic demands of Eastern Europe and the new countries created by the breakup of the Soviet Union.
Diplomats from developing nations say that the Russians have all but disappeared from view after decades of courting Third World support with a variety of enticements.
The conference's members -- the chief judges of the 13 federal circuit courts of appeals as well as a district judge from each circuit -- are typically reluctant to discuss the conference's affairs outside the scope of the rather cursory public briefings that a staff member provides after the closed sessions.
Even this relatively modest step is controversial: the committee approved it by a vote of 7-6, according to the committee's report to the conference, and only after excising from the accompanying description of the proposed change ``the discussion of the benefits of televised courtroom coverage.'' Instead, the description was rewritten to emphasize that the judicial conference would retain the ability to regulate television access.
Henry Hugh Shelton came after Sunday's dramatic 11th hour deal in which Haiti's military rulers agreed to step down in order to avert a massive U.S. invasion.
Shelton, wearing a burgundy beret and surrounded by heavily-armed U.S. troops, landed here after a pack of U.S. attack helicopters, bristling with rockets, had flown in to secure the Port-au-Prince airport.
``We haven't seen any resistance and we haven't expected any.'' Sunday's accord was reached after marathon negotiations between Haiti's rulers and a team of U.S. envoys headed by former President Jimmy Carter.
The agreement calls for Jean-Bertrand Aristide, Haiti's first freely-elected president who was deposed in a September 1991 military coup, to return to power after Cedras and other top Haitian leaders step down.
Hans-Dietrich Genscher, who played kingmaker to Kohl in 1982 by switching Free Democrat (liberal) support to him, retired two years ago, after 17 years as Germany's foreign minister.
Now, after a sharp recession, it is recovering faster than anyone expected.
Western Germany's industrial output in July this year was 7.5 percent up on a year earlier; exports are booming; GDP is likely to grow by about 2 percent this year, after falling 1.7 percent in 1993.
Hoping to capture this flow, the government has just lifted a ban on Cubans shopping in dollar stores -- after doubling prices, of course.
One American megastore after another is trundling across the border, wrecking cozy Canadian franchises and making lots of money.
Little has emerged from the Consultative Council, or Majlis al-Shura, which after years of delay was at last inaugurated in 1993.
Hans-Dietrich Genscher, who played kingmaker to Kohl in 1982 by switching Free Democrat (liberal) support to him, retired two years ago, after 17 years as Germany's foreign minister.
Now, after a sharp recession, it is recovering faster than anyone expected.
Western Germany's industrial output in July this year was 7.5 percent up on a year earlier; exports are booming; GDP is likely to grow by about 2 percent this year, after falling 1.7 percent in 1993.
One American megastore after another is trundling across the border, wrecking cozy Canadian franchises and making lots of money.
Little has emerged from the Consultative Council, or Majlis al-Shura, which after years of delay was at last inaugurated in 1993.
One American megastore after another is trundling across the border, wrecking cozy Canadian franchises and making lots of money.
Some states are going further, considering bills that would allow detention of violent sex offenders even after their prison terms -- though some lawyers call such civil-commitment laws unconstitutional.
DeFlumer was convicted of murder in 1947, after an 8-year-old playmate's naked body was found hanging from a length of clothesline.
Wood was born four years after her brother went away.
Year after year, the family would crisscross the state, heading for prisons with names like Dannemora and Green Haven, the way other families would go on car trips.
Officially, the polls show that Pete Wilson, the stolid Republican incumbent, has taken the lead in the contest after a slow start, once again demonstrating that he is the California master of the confound-the-experts political surge.
State Treasurer Kathleen Brown, his Democratic opponent and the latest member of the Brown political dynasty to seek the California governorship, has slipped into second place after leading the race for the better part of a year, at one time by more than 20 points.
Judge Kennedy-Powell's ruling, however, did not apply to about two dozen pieces of evidence seized at Simpson's estate after the warrant was obtained.
This week the defense will challenge both the evidence that was seized after the warrant was issued and Judge Kennedy-Powell's ruling on the glove and bloodstains, hoping to show that at least some of the evidence was obtained illegally.
A year after President Boris N.
In mid-August, Cooper Gilkes, a tackle shop owner and fishing guide from Edgartown, Mass., on the island of Martha's Vineyard invited me to go after bonito with him, but our schedules didn't allow this to happen until early September.
On many mornings in his shop after all-night striper sorties, he'll be a bit sodden and bleary-eyed, but eager to recount what he caught, what he saw and what he learned.
``But by not making the changes, the council has backed into the very problems it was trying to avoid.'' In 1977, the New England council adopted quotas and other limits to restore cod, haddock and yellowtail flounder, but five years later, it dropped the restrictions after fishermen protested that they were no longer needed.
At the same time, the government made millions of dollars in low-interest loans available to the fishing industry to help build it up after the departure of the foreign vessels.
SARAJEVO'S CRUELEST SIEGE: BOREDOM, STRESS, ANXIETY SARAJEVO, Bosnia and Herzegovina  (BC-YUGOSLAVIA-SARAJEVO-ART-2TAKES-NYT) Six months after a NATO ultimatum stopped the Serbian shelling of Sarajevo, this city has entered a nightmarish twilight zone in which the horrors are less palpable than exploding shrapnel but more insidious and just as destructive.
Now her mother, Vasvija Obuca, has to pick her daughter up from the bus stop every day after school because the girl is too afraid to walk alone.
The gun, after all, was designed for shooting people, upon whose flesh it inflicts a brief sting and a small bruise.
And higher growth is expected after elections this year in Mexico and Brazil, the largest nations in the region.
``Very few people in the United States are aware that Mexico is our third-largest trading partner, after Japan and Canada.
We still don't know everything we need to know about Columbus's journey, or even where he made landfall -- and only guess at what the lost original log contained, since the log we know today is a revision done years after his death.
He would not tolerate violence, intimidation, vandalism or disrespect, he said, and those who chose to violate his policy would no longer be welcome -- or present, if he could possibly arrange their departure -- within the school ``family.'' The audience, gathered last week for the open house at Southwest, erupted in applause after hearing the bold and determined words of the new principal, who arrived in July from the street-tough wards of Chicago.
Finally, after lining up a few financial sponsors to help with expenses, Zoe told her parents she had decided to take Sheba back to Berkeley with her.
But I was pleased that the story of Zoe and Sheba kept her awake an extra few minutes after the Emmy show, and I was reassured that the printed word still holds magic enough to interest and, I hope, influence a little girl much closer to me than Sheba.
``It happened in the 1870s when they would not let the Chinese hold jobs after they were finished building the railroad,'' she said.
Henry Shelton, field commander of the Haiti operation, arrived after the airfield was secured.
``This is a difficult time for both the Americans the Haitians.'' Ambassador William Swing said, ``Everybody is in good spirits with goodwill expressed, so we're very pleased.'' While subdued, the port crowd was overwhelmingly in favor of exiled President Jean-Bertrand Aristide and hopeful that the American forces would establish security after three years of what one man, Petit Adelphin, called anarchy.
Sunday night, scattered gunfire broke out after an American delegation headed by former President Carter ended two days of talks with Cedras and Brig Gen.
Sunday night's accord comes nearly a year after Cedras reneged on a United Nations-brokered deal that would have had him step down and permit Aristide to resume power.
Even as Carter's negotiating team pulled away Sunday night, about 900 pro-army demonstrators gathered outside army headquarters chanted, ``Aristide, No!'' Aristide has been living in exile in the United States since the coup drove him from power after seven months in office.
Now, after a summer spent trenching suspect faults, many experts are starting to agree.
It is, after all, an odd kind of setup where a professional sport is at the mercy of 28 people (27 men and one woman) -- the owners of the major leagues' teams.
It is, after all, an odd kind of setup where a professional sport is at the mercy of 28 people (27 men and one woman) -- the owners of the major leagues' teams.
It is, after all, an odd kind of setup where a professional sport is at the mercy of 28 people (27 men and one woman) -- the owners of the major leagues' teams.
Since I have returned to what is labeled USA English (UK English is different), it is the long-familiar QWERTY layout, named after the first six keys on the top alphabetic row.
They are, after all, competitors in the marketplace.
Meanwhile, IBM confirmed reports that its own version of the PowerPC would not be introduced until well into 1995, more than a year after Apple introduced its Power Macintoshes.
Eventually he was caught after holding up a McDonald's, and sentenced to 12 years in prison.
Among the nation's growing population of Asian immigrants, cremation is a common choice after death.
Atmospheric carbon dioxide is the most important of a number of trace gases, including methane, that trap heat in the form of infrared radiation emitted by the earth after its surface is heated by the sun's rays.
 (BC-GRIMES-HUMOR-COLUMN-$ADV21-NYT) Whereas, the 28 major league club owners (``the doofuses'') and the 750 or so major league baseball players (``the dingbats'') have demonstrated to the world that, taken together, they have the IQ of Spam; and Whereas, we, the former fans, doubt very much that the doofuses and the dingbats could negotiate a take-out pizza order let alone a multimillion-dollar collective bargaining agreement; and Whereas, former baseball commissioner Fay Vincent hit the nail on the head when he described Head Doofus Bud Selig as a ``small-town schlepper'' and ``the emblem of baseball's decline;'' and Whereas, when Marge Schott starts making sense you know you are in trouble; and Whereas, you doofuses and dingbats make a lot of money; and Whereas, the money comes from us, the fans; and Whereas, canceling the season and the World Series doesn't exactly put us in the mood to rush right out there next year or whenever and buy season tickets and caps and shirts and $4 hot dogs and $5 beers and all that other overpriced garbage you sell; and Whereas, while anyone with two live cells bumping around upstairs would not find this a particularly difficult concept to grasp, it seems to have totally eluded you; and Whereas, it makes us wonder if we were not total patsies to have been fans in the first place; and Whereas, you didn't play baseball for 33 days and somehow life went on; and Whereas, looking back, we didn't miss it as much as we thought we would; and Whereas, chances are we'll miss it even less next year, and the year after that, and the year after that; and Whereas, besides, there's always football; and Whereas, maybe this means that George Will will finally stop using baseball as a metaphor for life; and Whereas, then again, maybe it doesn't; and Whereas, while we're on the subject, we may as well mention that we weren't real keen on the extra tier of playoffs you instituted, not that you care; and Whereas, we feel the same way about artificial grass, not that you care about that, either; and Whereas, also the designated hitter rule; and Whereas, players who throw firecrackers at us fans; and Whereas, players who don't sign autographs for little kids; and Whereas, players who get busted for drugs umpteen times and are still welcomed back into the game; and Whereas, World Series games that aren't over until midnight; and Whereas, don't get us started.
He would have done better at Lloyds with traveler's checks, which had a rate of $1.5725; after a 3 pounds commission, the cost would have been about 3 percent.
He would have done better at Lloyds with traveler's checks, which had a rate of $1.5725; after a 3 pounds commission, the cost would have been about 3 percent.
That's the nature of baseball, and the nature of human beings: They don't hold a grudge forever.'' Or, as Gene Mauch said after the last great strike, in 1981, ``Baseball and malaria keep coming back.'' Or, as San Francisco area baseball historian Dick Dobbins said Friday in the wake of the cancellation of the World Series for the first time since 1904: ``I believe the fans will come back like lambs to the slaughter.
``On the surface, baseball will be back on a normal, thriving track very soon after it resumes,'' said Leonard Koppett, a member of the writers' wing of the Baseball Hall of Fame and chronicler of the sport since 1949.
``Baseball has shown a capacity to regenerate after these crises and come back stronger than ever,'' Heitz said.
Can the product be killed after all?
Terns, meanwhile, were protected after 1900 by Maine law and patrols by Audubon wardens.
Decoys were planted on the boulders to greet them if they returned to the island after two or three years at sea.
The Soviets, full of themselves after their part in the victory and already moving toward open hostility with the West, were eager to display the dimension of Mother Russia's suffering at the Hitler's hands.
As the Sun heats up and expands, he said, ``there will be changes, but these will come after so many other changes that I do not find it terribly interesting to think about it.'' ``The main point is that probably a significant collision with an asteroid will occur in a couple of hundred years, or, with a smaller probability, a much larger collision,'' he said.
Scientists were astonished to learn several years ago that life began on Earth a geologically short time after the birth of the Sun.
Finally, some 12.4 billion years after the Sun was born, it will undergo the last of its spasmodic helium flashes, and with its thermonuclear fuel practically gone, the dying star will form a planetary nebula, a small, hot stellar remnant surrounded by a large cloud of greenish incandescent gas.
	Disembarking from a fleet of Blackhawk helicopters just after 9:30 Monday, units of the U.S. Army's 10th Mountain Division landed at the same civilian airport where less than 48 hours earlier former President Jimmy Carter had arrived in a last-ditch diplomatic mission to avert an American invasion.
	The expulsions began Sunday, just a day after nationalist Serbs drove another 700 Muslims and Croats from Northwestern Bosnia and a week after Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic promised to halt the wave of ethnic cleansing that has uprooted about 10,000 people from Serb-held territory since July 17.
Shortly after Clinton returned to Washington earlier this month from his summer vacation on Martha's Vineyard, some White House officials said they were urging a middle-class tax cut to give a political boost to the president as mid-term congressional elections approached.
Shortly after Clinton returned to Washington earlier this month from his summer vacation on Martha's Vineyard, some White House officials said they were urging a middle-class tax cut to give a political boost to the president as mid-term congressional elections approached.
The gene was named after the enzyme it produces, known as indol acetyl glucose, or iaglu, synthetase.
Stempel, another Jew, is loud and ``ungentlemanly.'' Goodwin is a Jew who, through a Harvard pedigree, finds himself lunching at the Van Dorens' Judenfrei club, only a few years after Hitler had worked to achieve that state on a larger geographical scale.
They go too far with a tacked-on, heavy-handed commentary after the congressional hearings come to an unsatisfactory conclusion: ``I thought we were going to get television,'' says one observer.
It is, after all, an odd kind of setup where a professional sport is at the mercy of 28 people (27 men and one woman) -- the owners of the major leagues' teams.
It is, after all, an odd kind of setup where a professional sport is at the mercy of 28 people (27 men and one woman) -- the owners of the major leagues' teams.
It is, after all, an odd kind of setup where a professional sport is at the mercy of 28 people (27 men and one woman) -- the owners of the major leagues' teams.
Phil follows cop tradition and takes care of her partner's family after his disappearance; she fixes stuff around the house for his wife and provides a ``father'' figure for his tomboy daughter.
Any relationship to the United States is purely coincidental and should be regarded as such, especially after a couple of pina coladas at Ernest Hemingway's old hangout, Sloppy Joe's bar.
He is no longer the shy, gangly youth who was 21 when he designed his first couture collection for the house of Christian Dior in 1957 after the founder died.
``The times will change as they did after the 1960's.'' The last time he was in New York was for the exhibition of his clothes at the Costume Institute of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
One of the first things he did after his arrival here last week was visit the Met's exhibition of clothes by Madame Gres before it opened.
Aristide has said he would return 10 days or so after a U.S. invasion of Haiti.
The administration's working assumption is that Aristide will return after Cedras leaves.
Sunday's accord says ``without delay, in accordance with relevant U.N. resolutions.'' That suggests that the trade embargo would be lifted after the existing regime steps down and Aristide returns.
WASHINGTON  (BC-MEANS-COLUMN-HNS) With Jimmy Carter's demonstration that there can be life after the White House beyond the writing of memoirs and the playing of golf, perhaps we finally will realize we are unnecessarily wasting the talents of our former presidents.
We can only have one acting president at a time, although those who are retired still wear the title ``Mr. President.'' But not since Harry S Truman put aside his partisan feelings and asked Herbert Hoover to streamline the federal executive branch and coordinate food aid to Europe after World War II has a U.S. president really trusted a predecessor with a substantive task.
He was spared jokes like the ones about George Bush after American forces invading Panama resorted to loud music on boomboxes to blast Manuel Noriega out of his hiding place.
The expulsions began Sunday, just a day after nationalist Serbs drove 700 other Muslims and Croats from northwestern Bosnia and a week after the Bosnian Serb leader, Radovan Karadzic, promised to halt the wave of ethnic cleansing that has uprooted about 10,000 people from Serbian-held territory since July 17.
Uniformed men went to their homes after midnight, they said, gave them five minutes to pack up some clothing and all their money and jewelry and then took them by bus to a front-line area where Djurkovic and members of his militia robbed them and beat anyone who tried to hide valuables.
Her costumes for ``Edward Scissorhands'' were partly responsible for two trends in fashion after its release: the romantic poet look of Edward and the style of the suburban cookie-cutter world of the other characters.
I wouldn't push the proposition too far after noting that it's refreshing to see religion back in politics again after all those years of nothing but godless television commercials.
Details of the trip surfaced this month after the Federal Register's annual listing of foreign gifts showed the lawmakers accepted travel and food expenses from the French government on April 10, 1993.
He has said it himself: Americans do not like the idea of war, particularly after the end of the Soviet danger.
Unranked just two seasons after reaching the Final Four, the Blue Devils came up with a 2-1 triumph over Clemson, last week's second-ranked team in the country.
Princeton The Tigers rebounded marvelously after a disappointing loss to Lafayette with a 3-0 triumph over eighth-ranked Hartwick on Sunday afternoon before a crowd of 2,200 in Oneonta, N.Y. Jesse Marsch and Jacob Dowden combined for two goals 13 seconds apart in the 31st minute for the Tigers, who reached the Final Four last year at the expense of Hartwick.
-- St. John's and Georgetown lead the Big East with two victories each after triumphs over Providence and Pittsburgh.
-- Coach Ed Kelly recorded his 100th career victory at Boston College with Saturday's 2-1 triumph over Hartford, the first victory of the year after five games for the Eagles.
She said the whole notion smacked of ``putting profits before people's feelings.'' But more than a century after overcrowding first caused London's cemeteries to push into the suburbs, Britain is running out of graveyard space.
Under the proposal, a cemetery could reuse a grave only after 75 years had passed, and then only if it was unable to locate any surviving family members.
But he never takes his eye off what counts, the same values that drove him toward medicine a half-century ago as he worked in his father's drugstore after school.
HAITI: A MADE-FOR-THE-MEDIA `INVASION'  (BC-HAITI-MEDIA-450&ADD-NYT) If there was a television moment that captured the spirit of the showdown in Haiti, it may have been one Monday morning just after the first troops touched down at the airport in Port-au-Prince.
The arcade, which divided this wealthy suburb and led to repeated court battles, closed Sunday after customers played their last rounds of pinball, air hockey and shoot-'em-up video games like Revolution.
I was in business, and Seiden lost the next election.'' Three weeks after the arcade was opened, on June 14, 1982, it was closed by a Superior Court judge, who then ordered the Zoning Commission to reconsider Kaye's application.
Kaye, saying it was hypocritical for the town to allow a topless bar but deny his request for more machines, threatened to turn his property into a pornographic theater and name it after Seiden.
``The Moschino style was established in a few short years and is easily recognized the world over.'' The designer himself became easily recognized after his mustached, crew-cut image was used in advertising campaigns that pictured him in a variety of guises including Popeye, a Mafioso, a child and a transvestite.
``The Moschino style was established in a few short years and is easily recognized the world over.'' The designer himself became easily recognized after his mustached, crew-cut image was used in advertising campaigns that pictured him in a variety of guises including Popeye, a Mafioso, a child and a transvestite.
A sister would die soon after his arrival there.
The burials began nearly 130 years ago, in 1866, a year after King Kamehameha V ordered the establishment of the settlement.
The weight of the story continues to hang heavy on us as we head to the airstrip for our return flight after lunch.
They were married in January after meeting on one of the tours.
I hear of a woman who regularly dives for octopus, searching the ocean floor for the creature's cave, reaching in and, after the octopus wraps its tentacles around her arm, pulling it out of the cave.
I opt for the tour and, after forking over a hefty $35 fee, hop into a van painted with giraffe markings.
U.S. FORCES TO REMAIN IN HAITI FOR AT LEAST 17 MONTHS WASHINGTON  (BC-HAITI-EXIT-HNS) The U.S. military occupation of Haiti that began Monday is not scheduled to end for at least 17 months -- after the inauguration of Haiti's second democratically-elected president.
How will the Jets respond after dropping a 28-14 decision to the Dolphins?
``If he comes in to the best of his ability, I'm all for it.'' But how would he feel after all these years of trying to establish himself?
Cedras, after all, is the same man who signed the Governors Island agreement, then blatantly defied it.
The bread soaks up the egg-milk mixture and after baking, you end up with a casserole that has a puffy, souffle-like consistency somewhat reminiscent of a quiche or savory bread pudding.
of America, which is attempting to regain its footing after slashing its extensive touring network and sparking a lawsuit as it abandoned a presold season at Glendale's Alex Theatre.
Bob Livingston, R-La. The Clinton administration's plan for Haiti calls for withdrawing the bulk of U.S. troops shortly after Aristide assumes power and order is restored.
AMERICAN TROOPS TAKE CONTROL OF HAITIAN PORTS, AIRFIELDS  (BC-HAITI-ART-550&ADD-NYT) Descending from a fleet of Blackhawk helicopters just after 9:30 Monday morning, units of the U.S. Army's 10th Mountain Division landed at the same civilian airport where about 12 hours earlier a diplomatic delegation led by former President Jimmy Carter had departed after averting an American invasion.
``This is a nice Caribbean vacation,'' Lt. Michael Tunnell of Kingsport, Tenn., said after arriving in the first contingent at the airport.
CAR THIEF TERRORIZES CRACOW WITH SERIES OF BOMBINGS CRACOW, Poland  (BC-POLAND-BOMBER-450&ADD-NYT) For two weeks now, a man who calls himself Gummi Bear after the Walt Disney cartoon characters, has terrorized this graceful medieval city.
He followed up with another request for money to be thrown out of a moving train at midnight, this time after a fourth red marker.
It apparently plied the sea lanes between the United States and Europe, and it was declared surplus after the war.
What's interesting to Froehllch is that it was absolutely logical in 1944 to name a Liberty ship after Johnson.
The decision comes as more mothers of young children are working, as more fathers are aggressively seeking custody, and after a well-publicized Michigan case in which a mother going to college lost custody of her daughter because she had been placed in day care.
It was all in favor of women before.'' The battle lines were drawn after a July decision by Judge Harriett R.
In her opinion, Judge Taylor quotes friends and relatives of Greene's, as well as a babysitter, who said Ms. Prost often ate dinner alone and very late at night, ``while sitting on the kitchen floor, with her plate on the floor, talking on the telephone or writing while she was eating.'' Friends of Greene described Ms. Prost as working even during her children's birthday parties, of ``barking orders'' at them, and of being ``very tightly wound.'' By contrast, the judge said Greene was a playful, affectionate parent to his two sons -- Matthew, 7, and Jeffrey, 4 -- who insisted that his current job, which he obtained after a nearly two-year bout of unemployment, offers him flexible hours.
And Ms. Prost pointed to five and a half months of Senate day care logs showing that she never signed her younger son out of the center after 6 p.m., and often did so before 4 p.m. But Sandra G.
Wilkof, Greene's lawyer, said the judge was right to believe those witnesses who testified that Ms. Prost did indeed often return home after 7 or 8 p.m. ``She couldn't convince the judge that a chief minority counsel works less than 40 hours a week, and I'm not surprised,'' she said.
Inflation, after all, is still too much money chasing too few goods.
``The doctors were surprised he was living,'' said Yoksh, 24, who didn't learn why her son never breathed quite right until about a year after his birth.
Some children will go for decades having surgery after surgery.
Goizueta, chairman and chief executive officer of Coca-Cola, said the company expected to show growth in international sales of 8 to 10 percent this year, repeating a past pattern of ``coming back with a vengeance,'' after international volume had grown less than 8 percent.
Traders were ``letting the smoke clear'' after Friday's trading, when expirations of futures and options inflated volume to the sixth highest total on the Big Board.
Shortly after Macy filed for bankruptcy protection in January 1992, he almost left to join the Dayton Hudson Corp., and his ability to resolve Macy's many problems would make him an attractive job candidate, executive recruiters said Monday.
That figure peaked at $216 billion last fall, not long after the bond market itself peaked.
``People are still comfortable doing this even after a year in which the market has not rewarded them for doing this.'' Much of that borrowing -- as well as borrowing from other lenders such as banks -- is for a strategy of borrowing at short-term rates and buying longer-term securities.
According to figures compiled by Ryan Labs of New York, the worst 12 months ever for investors in 30-year Treasuries was from April 1979 through March 1980, when an investor lost 17.2 percent of the value of such bonds, even after considering the income from the bond's coupon.
T COMPLETES ACQUISIOTN OF M WASHINGTON  (BC-AT&T-MCCAW-475&ADD-NYT) Hours after clearing the final regulatory hurdle, AT&T Corp.
Under the terms of an antitrust consent decree signed by the Justice Department, McCaw cannot start using the AT&T brand name until after it has installed equipment that allows cellular customers to use other long-distance services.
CAR THIEF TERRORIZES CRACOW WITH SERIES OF BOMBINGS CRACOW, Poland  (BC-POLAND-BOMBER-450&ADD-NYT) For two weeks now, a man who calls himself Gummi Bear after the Walt Disney cartoon characters, has terrorized this graceful medieval city.
He followed up with another request for money to be thrown out of a moving train at midnight, this time after a fourth red marker.
The 22-year-old Taylor has been charged with simple assault against Jamie Morris and with threatening Ron Wilson, the two men the police say he confronted minutes after Taylor's older brother, Brenden, fought with Morris on Dec.
When word got out that the coach's daughter was pregnant and Aunese, a Samoan-American, was the father, the news media had a field day, after having heard McCartney repeatedly stress family values since he joined Colorado as head coach in 1982.
``Mayor Giuliani's decision not to proceed with the construction of the southwest Brooklyn incinerator, at least until after an environmental impact statement is prepared, is a tremendous victory for all of us who are concerned with public health,'' said Larry Shapiro, a lawyer for the New York Public Interest Research Group, an environmental group that was a plaintiff in the action.
Harriman died in 1986 at age 94 after establishing trusts for his two daughters from a previous marriage, along with their children and grandchildren.
Harriman and five other defendants had reduced the funds to $3 million after an $18 million loss in what the suit contends was a worthless investment in the defunct Seasons Resort and Conference Center at Great Gorge in Vernon Valley, N.J. Paul Curran, the lawyer for the heirs, who include the two Harriman daughters, Kathleen Harriman Mortimer and Mary Fisk, argued that the assets of Mrs.
``This effort was undertaken shortly after Fay Vincent took the salary cap off the table in 1990,'' Eugene Orza, the union's associate general counsel, said of the owners' current strategy.
``Can you believe how she treated us?'' Reinsdorf said angrily after the owners broke for a caucus.
Selig, joining the talks for the first time that day, met with Fehr and his colleagues after the formal session.
``My objective is to pass a bill this year,'' Mitchell, Democrat of Maine, said after the two-hour meeting.
One of the detectives, Mark Fuhrman, jumped over Simpson's fence after he said a blood stain was found on the defendant's Ford Bronco truck parked outside.
It has thrived on the simple mortgage- backed business, which involves packaging and selling mortgages to investors after they have been made to homeowners by banks and other lenders.
While the CMO business may wane, people, after all, still buy houses and take out mortgages.
And the itchy fingers on remote controls are growing more restive, as evidenced in October when Schweitzer's intensive promotions for ``South of Sunset,'' a detective drama, failed to draw viewers; it was ignominiously canceled after a single episode.
``We learn a lot every year.'' One lesson was that after five years CBS decided to end its ``watch and win'' sweepstakes with Kmart Corp., because the airtime used to promote the contest was better used for the series themselves.
(All, however, face brutal competition later this week at their regular times.) Even the infomercial -- a self-congratulatory show called ``Sneak Peek,'' which ran four times last week after ``Late Show With David Letterman'' -- beat its NBC competition, ``Late Night With Conan O'Brien,'' every night.
This trend of the Giants' making the playoffs after going 3-0 goes all the way back to 1941, when the team started 5-0, finished first in the Eastern Division before losing the National Football League championship to the Chicago Bears, 37-9.
Last year after three games the Giants where in the red zone 13 times, but scored just 4 touchdowns and had 8 field goals.
Peale said after the luncheon on Monday at the Plaza Hotel in Manhattan, where she received the honor, given by the Institutes of Religion and Health, which was founded by her husband, and the Peale Center for Christian Living.
The complaint filed Monday, he added, ``demonstrates that agents were able to operate in an environment in which problems were not detected, and when problems came to the attention of management, they were ignored.'' Charles Perkins, a spokesman for Prudential, said Monday that after the firm was notified of the problems by Idaho regulators in 1992, it investigated and then dismissed one of the brokers involved.
He bristled with what he wants to say.'' Shortly after retiring as a player, Kubek was spotted in a Manhattan restaurant by David Kennedy, a young executive at NBC Sports, who asked the former shortstop what he would do next.
At the briefing just after the president's speech, Secretary of State Warren Christopher stood ready to answer any question.
Eli Lilly also rose sharply, up 2.375, to 58.375, after several analysts revised their assessments of the drug company.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Shares of Time Warner were up 1.375, to 37.625, after Dan Dorfman, a financial columnist in USA Today, reported that General Electric might be studying a bid for Time Warner.
It rose 7.875, to 19.625, on heavy volume after announcing that BellSouth would use Andrea's noise-reduction technology in some of its telephones.
Safety Components International rose 2.75, to 17.25, Monday after the company announced that its military subsidiary had won a $65 million U.S. Army contract to supply mortar cartridges.
The most active stock, at 4.7 million shares, was Intel, which rose 0.375, to 67.25, after a recommendation by the manager of a Fidelity fund.
``The situation in Haiti remains difficult,'' Clinton said at a White House news conference shortly after U.S. military forces began to arrive in the Haitian capital of Port-au-Prince to prepare for the restoration of President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
Mike Barnes, said the agreement was ``highly imperfect.'' Civil rights leader Jesse Jackson said, however, he had talked to Aristide, who was ``very positive'' about the agreement but expressed ``very real concerns about Cedras and amnesty.'' Part of the agreement, which was concluded after U.S. airborne troops were already flying toward Haiti, calls for Cedras and other military commanders to receive a general amnesty -- a provision included in an earlier deal for Cedras to cede power on which he reneged.
``It's crazy today,'' said Zausner, not having to explain, not on the day after Vitas Gerulaitis died at 40.
One National Football League scouting report on Casillas describes him as ``getting up after being knocked down.
Aristide will stay in exile forever, and it will be a great humiliation for all Haitians.'' At a restaurant called Dieu Si Bon, or God is So Good, in Brooklyn, Marie Dolcin, the owner, swept up after lunch, voicing more tempered worries.
MANY HAITIANS, CHEERING THE ARRIVAL OF U.S. MARINES, VIEW THEM AS SAVIORS PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti  (BC-HAITI-SCENE-500&add-COX) Less than an hour after scrambling from a Blackhawk helicopter Monday, U.S. Marine Gerald Lamont was put to the test.
``I just want to say `Thank you God' and `Thank you, Mr. Clinton.''' Moments after landing, stonefaced Marines poured through the airport terminal and set up a perimeter around the building.
Random gunshots -- many were heard throughout Sunday night after the military junta agreed to relinquish power -- serve as a constant reminder of Haiti's violent past.
At least two people were killed in Cite Soleil Sunday night, after the deal had been struck.
While his position is not new, he is the first senior banking official to put forward the next agenda for American banking deregulation after approval of interstate banking.
Still slightly weak after gaining just five pounds back, still 10 days from being able to touch a club, Norman was there just to cheer on his mates on the International team.
U.S. FORCES TO REMAIN IN HAITI FOR AT LEAST 17 MONTHS WASHINGTON  (BC-HAITI-EXIT-1STLD-WRITETHRU-HNS) The U.S. military occupation of Haiti that began Monday is not scheduled to end for at least 17 months -- after the inauguration of Haiti's second democratically-elected president.
Cohen, R-Maine, adding after a pause, ``So far.'' Rep.
We didn't say anything until the bombs started dropping in Baghdad.'' Venardos said that after Rita Braver, the White House correspondent for CBS, reported that there had been a breakthrough in the talks about 8:14 Sunday night, the network asked the Pentagon whether it could show the pictures of the planes taking off in North Carolina, and it received permission to do so.
But after Judge Winfield saw the level of interest in Western Union, she took the unusual step of calling an auction as part of the Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings involving New Valley.
``We cannot carry any `poor-me' attitude into next season,'' Riley, the Knicks' coach, said Monday in Manhattan after an autograph session for his book, ``The Winner Within.'' ``There's another level for us to get to and we have to look at it that way.
I'm not disappointed.'' But the Knick coach may be facing his most challenging season in New York, after the team's heartbreaking loss in Game 7 of the National Basketball Association finals to the Houston Rockets.
The new cuts would come just months after agency heads struggled to identify $1.1 billion in spending reductions that were enacted as part of the $31.6 billion budget, approved in July.
The Transit Authority and other systems also conduct tests as part of pre-employment physicals, when workers return to duty after extended absences, after accidents, and whenever the authority is suspicious.
Carter, looking exhausted, made the comments Monday morning barely four hours after returning to Washington from his remarkable mission.
He said it was only after Biamby was tipped off, apparently from a source in North Carolina, that paratroopers from the 82nd Airborne Division had left Fort Bragg shortly before 7 p.m. that they became convinced of Clinton's resolve.
 (BC-BIZGLANCE-NYT) Companies 	First Financial won the bidding for Western Union Financial Services in an unusual bankruptcy court auction after Forstmann, Little and First Data withdrew.
Typically, after taking a table's order, a waiter goes to a computer terminal and uses a keyboard or touch screen to enter the number of diners and their table location, the dishes selected, and any special instructions (medium rare, spicy, no sauce, etc.).
-- Waiting until after the last pick-up to mail important information (rather than using FAX or express delivery) so it arrives after it is needed.
Barely six hours after Carter and the other two envoys, Sen.
The next morning, after a long night of talks, Carter and his fellow negotiators went to the Cedras home for an emotional meeting.
Within minutes after the television cameras stopped rolling, Clinton retreated with Gore, Lake and Leon Panetta, his chief of staff, to a small study off the Oval Office to tell Carter, Nunn and Powell that he wanted them to stand by for a last-minute mission.
With the invasion set to begin shortly after 2 a.m., that left the president and top advisers increasingly anxious as they waited in the Oval Office.
Those routes had remained fixed even after the city's recycling program, with a separate collection system, greatly reduced the volume of regular garbage, allowing some regular crews to go home after four or even three hours of work.
The civil-rights charge was brought two years after Nelson was acquitted of state murder charges, a verdict that led to demands by the Hasidim and their supporters for federal action.
Davis left the game after a fourth-quarter fumble and was replaced by Matt Johner, listed third on the depth chart.
Henley left the TCU game because of the injury after gaining 6 yards on the first play of the fourth quarter.
The native of Missoula, Mont., started dancing lessons after his mother noticed he was unable to sit still when he heard music.
``If our offense is focused and concentrating, we can do anything we want.'' UCLA Coach Terry Donahue said much the same about Nebraska, after watching quarterback Tommie Frazier direct the Huskers to 555 yards of offense.
A sign of what remained to be done had come after midnight Sunday, when Carter was awakened from a mid-air nap by a call from an aide at the U.S. Embassy in Port-au-Prince.
The contract was originally slated to be awarded this month, but department officials delayed a decision after several major HMOs complained that the business was too large to be given to a single entity.
The next morning, after a long night of talks, Carter and his fellow negotiators went to the Cedras home for an emotional meeting.
Within minutes after the television cameras stopped rolling, Clinton retreated with Gore, Lake and Leon Panetta, his chief of staff, to a small study off the Oval Office to tell Carter, Nunn and Powell that he wanted them to stand by for a last-minute mission.
With the invasion set to begin shortly after 2 a.m., that left the president and top advisers increasingly anxious as they waited in the Oval Office.
A sign of what remained to be done had come after midnight Sunday, when Carter was awakened from a mid-air nap by a call from an aide at the U.S. Embassy in Port-au-Prince.
For instance, when he saw that his teammates had no heart, no work ethic, no inside game, no outside shooting and little hope of advancing to the playoffs, Charles studied the situation exhaustively and uttered with Lincolnesque candor: ``Bad team, man.'' Not long after that, he bailed to Phoenix.
Other missions involving Navy SEAL commandos, 82nd Airborne Division paratroopers and the Marines were also called off after the units were well on their way toward their targets, officials said.
One of the detectives, Mark Fuhrman, jumped over Simpson's fence after he said a blood stain was found on the defendant's Ford Bronco truck parked outside.
``Frasier'' was bounced to Tuesday from its fabulously successful Thursday night perch, and ``Home Improvement'' found itself shoved back to its original night after building itself into a top-rated show on another night, at 9 p.m. Wednesdays.
He has missed two games since walking out after losing a fistfight with teammate Greg Biekert on Sept.
He took a season off when he was at the University of Illinois and announced his retirement from the Raiders after the 1991 season.
He's fined.' '' McCallum underwent emergency surgery to have the popliteal artery in his left knee replaced after the leg was severely twisted against the San Francisco 49ers Sept.
Jim Brewer, formerly on Sidney Lowe's staff with the Minnesota Timberwolves, and Barry Hecker, elevated after seven years as L.A.'s director of scouting, were named to join holdover assistant Bob Ociepka on the bench alongside Fitch.
Royals General Manager Herk Robinson confirmed Monday afternoon that Gardenhire was on the list of possible candidates to replace Hal McRae, who was fired last Thursday after three-plus seasons as manager.
MAYBE IT'S TIME FOR CHIEFS' CARTER TO TAKE A BOW KANSAS CITY, Mo.  (BC-FBN-CHIEFS-KAN) Caught up in the emotion of the moment, Kansas City Chiefs cornerback Dale Carter took a bow after making his first-quarter interception in Sunday night's game against Atlanta.
While Carter made several brilliant defensive plays, they were overshadowed by a blatant late hit on John Elway and his temper tantrum after he allowed a touchdown pass late in the game.
If you know what's going to happen and you use good technique, it's easy to make plays.'' Carter said he now spends 30 minutes after daily practice and meetings watching videotape of upcoming opponents.
Troy Crowder, 26, is a 6-4, 220-pound winger signed as a free agent after missing all but seven games the past three years with a back injury.
Joining holdover defenseman Marty McSorley (6-1, 233) and winger Warren Rychel (6-0, 205) are winger Kevin Brown (6-1, 212), a fourth-round pick in 1992; defenseman Michel Petit (6-1, 205), signed as a free agent after playing for the Calgary Flames, and winger Rick Tocchet (6-0, 205), who was acquired from the Pittsburgh Penguins in exchange for Luc Robitaille and a 1995 second-round pick.
McSorley's absence, and Melrose's almost obsessive desire to get him back, drove a wedge between Melrose and Beverley, one that ultimately led to Beverley's dismissal after the Kings finished 18 games under .500 and missed the playoffs for the first time since 1986.
When a guy gets pounded every time he goes to the net, after a while he won't go there.
``Everybody kind of figures it's strange to come back after being out for so long,'' said Crowder, who in 59 games with the New Jersey Devils in 1990-91 had six goals and 182 penalty minutes.
Clearing the way for Simpson's trial to begin next week, Superior Court Judge Lance Ito on Monday upheld an earlier ruling that Los Angeles police acted properly when they found bloody evidence during a warrantless search of Simpson's Brentwood estate in the hours after the June 12 slayings.
Meanwhile, in yet another twist to the case, prosecutors said Simpson's personal secretary shredded documents -- identified by the defense as domestic violence pamphlets -- after police obtained a search warrant for them.
``We now have a situation where the integrity of the defense is being disputed.'' Norman Garland, a professor at the Southwestern University School of Law, said: ``The danger of slinging mud is that sometimes some of it sticks to you.'' Ito rejected the defense request to dismiss charges against their celebrity client after a 2{-hour hearing in which Simpson's attorneys renewed arguments that Los Angeles police illegally obtained evidence used by prosecutors to build their case.
Speaking to the prosecution's theory of the case, Clark said that Simpson, while intent on killing Nicole Brown Simpson, was surprised after her killing outside her Brentwood town home by Goldman, whom he killed.
Outside the downtown Criminal Courts Building, Simpson's lead attorney, Robert Shapiro, said the pamphlets were given to Simpson after he pleaded no contest in 1989 to spousal battery of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson.
But the prosecution's accusations raise questions about why the 5-year-old pamphlets were shredded after they showed interest in them and who might have given the order to do it, legal experts said.
That's how they had to play and they deserved it.'' Overtime was forced because Dallas finally caught up with Detroit after chasing the Lions for most of the game.
That's the favorable position the Cowboys found themselves in after relying on tight end Jay Novacek's two third-down catches to keep alive a drive that ended when Alvin Harper sliced inside two Lions and caught Troy Aikman's 17-yard touchdown pass.
It was also Williams who was guilty of a crucial false-start penalty when the Cowboys had a first down at the 4 after a slashing 32-yard run by Smith.
Not only was Irvin limited to just three catches, but Switzer singled him out for making the Cowboys' most critical mistake of the first half, when he was flagged for a pass-interference penalty after making a catch that would have given the Cowboys a first down at the Lions' 35.
But only six months after suffering a torn anterior cruciate ligament, Bruins running back Skip Hicks said he's committed to coming back.
You'll find very few female to males that are completely post-op,'' he said, referring to the final phase of the transition after surgery.
She giggles after telling the all-too-true story of how she moved to Florida from New England.
How does Nathan's mother support them after her husband's death?
``Resemblance, however, proves nothing,'' Poundstone writes, after reviewing the sex acts in detail.
``My mother kept that shroud for a long time after that, but eventually she put it away,'' he said.
You'll find very few female to males that are completely post-op,'' he said, referring to the final phase of the transition after surgery.
She giggles after telling the all-too-true story of how she moved to Florida from New England.
How does Nathan's mother support them after her husband's death?
``Resemblance, however, proves nothing,'' Poundstone writes, after reviewing the sex acts in detail.
``My mother kept that shroud for a long time after that, but eventually she put it away,'' he said.
With this money in hand (which is separate from the $5 billion in punitive damages awarded Friday to individual Alaskans for property and income loss) the sound has become a laboratory to test whether human ingenuity can repair nature after grievously harming it.
``People are just appalled that Exxon was paid from the settlement even before the bulk of the restoration studies got started and habitat got purchased,'' says Riki Ott, who emerged as a leading environmental organizer after the spill.
The system got its start in the space program, where scientists were trying to develop ecosystems that would work in space, said creator Bill Wolverton, recently retired from NASA after 30 years.
No. Within hours after his speech to the nation in which he said diplomacy was kaput, Clinton contradicted himself.
This situation comes less than a week after Clinton told Americans that the United States is not and must not be the world's policeman.
Clinton, who had claimed to have exhausted diplomatic options, found his way back to diplomacy after all.
Providian is not completely virtual, after all.
Some times she struggled with memorizing her lines and after all those years continued to have stage fright.
In a typical scenario, Love said, the telephone solicitor takes the customer's credit card number for the $199 payment, ``but there's no ship.'' The solicitor keeps putting off sending a ticket to the customer and, after 60 or 90 days, the credit card company stops seeking refunds on the customer's behalf, Love said.
	The new flights in Salt Lake City result from Southwest's decision last year to buy Morris Air, a fledgling carrier based in Salt Lake City that modeled itself after Southwest.
He's had two brain surgeries, one just after the accident for a fractured skull and internal bleeding, the other a week later to relieve pressure on the brain.
As an adolescent, Theresa Andrews was the victim of sexual abuse, a humiliation she never talked about until several years after she won international acclaim in swimming.
We could hold an audience and do it after a show.'' Buoyed, McCall offered his second idea, eagerly describing ``the pumpkin censor,'' a character clad in a pumpkin costume who would sternly caution O'Brien against making jokes that are insensitive to pumpkins.
Now restored to print after more than half a century, ``Poor Fool'' immediately preceded ``Tobacco Road'' and is newly identified as Caldwell's second novel.
The note begins to break up but hangs around in its own staticky penumbra, crackling and frazzling through the first verse as Michael Stipe sings, ``Here comes that awful feeling again.'' And it reappears throughout the song, holding on after the band is done.
A decade ago, he seemed headed for a big career as a leading man, after the box-office success of ``Footloose,'' a sugary square of bubble gum that told the story of a Midwestern high school that banned dancing.
I absolutely refused to move to L.A., because L.A. meant I was going after being a pop star.
BEFORE NEO-REALISM OR ROBERT ALTMAN, THERE WAS RENOIR  (BC-RENOIR-FILM-2TAKES-$ADV25-NYT) If ``Jean Renoir has created the most alive films in the history of the cinema, films that breathe 40 years after they were made,'' as the director Francois Truffaut once said, what makes them still vital in 1994, the centennial of Renoir's birth?
At 12:19 a.m., seven minutes after the execution procedure began, he was pronounced dead.
Lott escaped from the courthouse in the chaos after the shootings.
``Roseanne'' premieres Wednesday night in its new time slot, moved there after swapping places with ``Home Improvement,'' which was dispatched to Tuesday to battle NBC's ``Frasier.'' After six years, there's still life left in ``Roseanne,'' but Wednesday night's show is not one of the series' best.
Last year, 60 years after Prohibition ended, the State Legislature lifted the ban.
Styne had been hospitalized for the last six weeks after undergoing open-heart surgery at Mount Sinai Hospital.
``We'll continue that and then try to move to long-term programs.'' The international trade sanctions were first imposed after the ouster of President Jean-Bertrand Aristide in 1991.
	The king, Goodwill Zwelithini, and his princes announced early this morning the monarch would ''sever all ties'' with Buthelezi after rock-throwing followers of the nationalist leader stormed the royal palace and disrupted a visit by President Nelson Mandela.
``But that's a pipe dream for most start-ups.'' A more realistic path: Aim for a bank loan a few years down the road, after the company has an operating history and the owner has more equity.
One of the biggest scams was the diversion of billions of dollars sent to the region for reconstruction after a devastating earthquake in 1980.
And it's tougher to get cards after racking up a big debt load.
For example, after a hysterectomy, in which a woman's uterus and hormone-producing ovaries are removed, depression is far more common than with other operations.
While depression might not be unexpected after such traumatic surgery, women who are depressed are more likely to have such surgery, according to Dr. Winnifred B.
He replaced Michael Moriarty, who played the monkish, ethical-to-a-fault prosecutor Ben Stone, and who quit the show after a set-to involving the show's producers and the attorney general of the United States, no less.
Moriarty's character, Ben Stone, was written out of the show at the end of last season, resigning in principled protest after his boss, the district attorney, refused to allow him to retry a case that had ended with a hung jury.
Moriarty quit the show several months after he had been taken by Wolf to a meeting that the attorney general, Janet Reno, had had with television producers and network executives.
What he stressed to his players immediately after practice, though, was that while away don't forget about football.
Bush even queried prominent Republicans about Powell after they dined with the general or encountered him socially.
Weinberger, shortly after being named defense secretary in the Reagan administration, recalled Powell from the field to serve as his top military assistant, a position that traditionally leads to the highest ranks of the armed forces.
Weinberger, shortly after being named defense secretary in the Reagan administration, recalled Powell from the field to serve as his top military assistant, a position that traditionally leads to the highest ranks of the armed forces.
A GAME OF BATS AND BETTING COLUMBIA, Mo.  (BC-FISHER-COL-KAN) The series called ``Baseball,'' after months of hoopla, aired on the Public Broadcasting System on Sunday and Monday nights.
Unfortunately, the occasion for expressing my appreciation for this volume is not a happy one: the book's publisher has just closed its doors after 18 years of distinguished operation.
The demolished buildings and devastated populations of Bosnia, where ethnic and nationalist traditions have resurfaced after long suppression, vividly illustrate the power of history to divide even next-door neighbors.
The orchestral personnel in the pit often shifts long after rehearsals have ended; new singers and even conductors come and go during a run of performances, so the player's confidence in the page before him or her must be absolute.
You'll see why.' '' Each orchestra, it seems, had its own secret arrangement for deciphering the maestro's notoriously unclear downbeat; the young substitute was being spared the embarrassment of playing an accidental solo.) After some years of eking out the freelance musician's living, he married the New York City Opera soprano Joan Sena in 1960, and after their first child arrived, he was eager for the stable paycheck represented by a librarian's opening in the 1963-64 Met season.
``I wrote a long memo to James Levine about this after we had some problems, and he agreed,'' Grande says.
Indeed, one of Gurney's plays, ``The Children,'' was suggested by Cheever's ``Goodbye, My Brother,'' a story that makes its way into ``A Cheever Evening.'' In a note that precedes the script, Gurney wrote that he intended the play as ``an act of homage to a major American author and a major influence on my own writing.'' The play began as a kind of jeu d'esprit that Gurney undertook after re-reading Cheever's stories for pleasure in the summer of 1993.
There, after a massive and ill-fated U.S. military mission to stem starvation and restore order, the United States was forced to concede defeat and give up.
The challenge is immense, beginning with the return to power of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide, who is expected to go back to Haiti sometime after Oct.
Tonight's debut finds Monica struggling to help reunite a boy with his mother -- who dropped out of life after her infant daughter died.
Never a great film but always a glorious confection, it is even more glorious as it reopens Wednesday 30 years after it was made.
Thirty years after graduating and winning his commission as a second lieutenant, Shelton is a 52-year-old lieutenant general.
The Corvette obsession began right after college.
He received his third general's star last year, after taking the helm of Fort Bragg.
His parents' health plan refused to cover him because its coverage of newborns did not begin until 31 days after birth, and even then the plan excluded coverage of certain infants who were disabled.
In addition, the association said, ERISA allows health plans to reduce benefits after a person becomes ill, so consumers may lose coverage when they need it most.
``I can see now where I was going and where it was going to lead,'' said Arrington Pugh, an 11th-grader from Birmingham, who came to Southern Normal after brushes with gangs at home.
Long after Marcie has left him, Charles continues filming his meetings with his buddies, whose domestic arrangements turn out to be as precarious as his.
Egos and tempers are smoldering, too, after a week that saw the WTA Tour hire a CEO practically at gunpoint because that seemed the only way to make the corporation that wanted to hijack the Tour go away.
STUDY SAYS SMALL SCHOOLS ARE KEY TO LEARNING  (BC-BETTER-SCHOOLS-EDUC-NYT) Year after year, small rural schools in the Midwest and West register the highest Scholastic Assessment Test scores in the nation, a phenomenon usually attributed to the racial homogeneity of places like Iowa, the consistent leader in the rankings.
The study also found that spending for teachers since 1972 has increased by only 3.5 percent after accounting for inflation.
Meanwhile, spending for everything besides teachers has increased by nearly 90 percent after inflation, in the same time.
It is said that the general standard of living rose in parts of Europe after hundreds of thousands died in the Black Death, although 14th-century economic data is chancy at best.
King Goodwill Zwelithini and his princes announced early Tuesday morning that the king would ``sever all ties'' with Buthelezi after rock-throwing followers of the nationalist leader stormed the royal palace and disrupted a visit by President Nelson Mandela.
Local venders who witnessed one melee at the port said the man beaten to death had been selling coconuts, not throwing rocks, but had stayed behind at his stand after Haitians taunting the soldiers fled.
STUDY SAYS SMALL SCHOOLS ARE KEY TO LEARNING  (BC-BETTER-SCHOOLS-EDUC-1stLd-NYT) Year after year, small rural schools in the Midwest and West register the highest Scholastic Assessment Test scores in the nation, a phenomenon usually attributed to the racial homogeneity of places like Iowa, the consistent leader in the rankings.
The study also found that spending for teachers since 1972 has increased by only 3.5 percent after accounting for inflation.
Meanwhile, spending for everything besides teachers has increased by nearly 90 percent after inflation, in the same time.
FEDERAL JUDGE RULES AGAINST EXTRADITING FUGITIVE TO NORTHERN IRELAND SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-IRISH-FUGITIVE-NYT) James Joseph Smyth was in prison or in hiding for 10 years after he fled from the British authorities in Northern Ireland.
A federal judge on Thursday denied the British government's request to extradite Smyth, a 40-year-old Irish nationalist who came to the United States after escaping from Maze prison in 1983.
As Pentagon leaders described it, their mission now is not to protect the population from a repressive regime, but rather to help stabilize the country to permit its elected government to retake power in the next few weeks -- and to do so with the full cooperation of the very police and military forces that seized power after the coup in 1991 against President Aristide.
Sheehan, director of operations at the Pentagon, said in an interview today that the military's mission, and the rules governing the use of force in carrying out the mission, were changed in the middle of the night just before the occupation began on Monday, after commanders reviewed the agreement negotiated by the delegation to Haiti led by Carter.
A companion proposal, to begin the process of opening federal criminal trials to television coverage, was defeated on a voice vote after little discussion, Sellers said.
That action came after prodding by Robert Kastenmeier, a former member of the House of Representatives from Wisconsin, who at the time headed the House Judiciary subcommittee that oversees the administration of the federal courts.
The Committee on Rules of Practice and Procedure had endorsed the proposal only by a vote of 7-6, and only after excising from a draft report all references to the benefits of television coverage.
The first began to appear shortly after the army forced President Jean-Claude Duvalier to flee Haiti on Feb.
The ranks of the attaches began to swell in the summer of 1993, after the Governors Island, N.Y., agreement for the restoration of Aristide to office collapsed and violence in Haiti began to intensify.
His comments came after Los Angeles-based Arco announced early last week that its Sunfish oil discovery in Alaska's Cook Inlet, once believed to contain up to 750 million barrels, is not big enough to sustain commercial development.
Among the ``myths'' associated with smoking, the scientists cited four: that only heavy smoking is fatal, that stopping smoking after many years has little effect, that smoking only kills people in old age and that there are comparable causes of cancer.
Of these respondents, 504 were reinterviewed on Monday evening, after the troops had moved in.
WANG TO PAY $160 MILLION FOR BULL UNITS  (BC-WANG-BULL-NYT) Wang Laboratories Inc., just a year after emerging from bankruptcy protection, said Tuesday that it would spend $160 million to acquire certain software and services businesses from Groupe Bull S.A., the French computer giant.
Raoul Cedras said Tuesday that they expected to win passage in parliament soon of a sweeping amnesty for Haitian military leaders for political crimes committed before and after taking over the government in 1991.
The sudden eagerness of pro-military legislators to approve an amnesty law now for their patrons contrasts sharply with their behavior last year, after the Governors Island, N.Y., agreement was signed by Cedras and Aristide, the elected civilian president he overthrew on Sept.
Ebrane Cadet, a backer of the military, said: ``He has to come to work.'' But Mr. St. Louis has been quick to point out that his absence from the Assembly began only after paramilitary groups loyal to Cedras broke into and ransacked his office.
Shares of National Medical Enterprises, which owns or has a stake in 46 hospitals, dropped $1 to $17.75 on the New York Stock Exchange after The Wall Street Journal said Tuesday that the hospital company was ready to acquire the two chains for cash and stock valued at more than $3 billion.
In the 1990 Panama landing, the Pentagon press pool was brought in four hours after the fighting started and held in restricted circumstances for another six hours.
This policy continued long after there was any question of operational security, and its clear goal was to shape American political opinion about the war.
In awarding compensatory damages, for example, the jury found that fishermen suffered their severest losses immediately after the accident, rejecting larger claims for the period when the sound began to revive.
Four months after Philip Morris said it would not separate its cigarette business from its food and beverage businesses, it will hold an unusual meeting on Wednesday in New York to hear some large stockholders contend that they would be better off if the company separated the Marlboro Man from other businesses like Miller Beer, Kraft Foods and Maxwell House coffee.
On May 25, Philip Morris' board, after an eight-hour meeting, announced that a split-up would not be considered ``in the foreseeable future.'' But since the agreement last week to trade $2 billion worth of RJR Nabisco shares for the shares of Borden, some institutional shareholders of Philip Morris are pushing their board to reconsider.
Miles, the chairman and chief executive of Philip Morris, who apparently favored splitting the company, resigned on June 19, after the directors decided against a breakup.
Gloria Haft subsequently sought a divorce, which became final Monday after months of public recriminations.
``We had a lot of discussions about what happened over the last six weeks of negotiations,'' Donald Fehr, the executive director of the Major League Baseball Players Association, said after a meeting that lasted about three and a half hours.
About 15 minutes after customers arrived for the 11 a.m. session on a recent Sunday, 10 purple-robed members of the Voices of Freedom made their way, singing and clapping, from CityWalk's center court, up the escalator and into the club's stage entrance.
In addition, there are two presidents of the Senate, both of whom came to power after Aristide went into exile and are considered to hold their office illegally.
Add Hrudey: Coach Barry Melrose originally planned to use Hrudey in the final two exhibition games only, but he changed his mind after a talk with Hrudey and assistant coach Cap Raeder.
Melrose has been impressed with defenseman Eric Lavigne, who spent last season in Phoenix after being signed as a free agent.
The team of police and health investigators went to the cottage after an autopsy on Monday found that the 40-year-old former tennis star's blood contained extremely high levels of carbon monoxide, a deadly poisonous gas that investigators said came from a faulty propane heating and air-conditioning system that had been serviced within the last two weeks.
In elaborating on a report issued late Monday night, Dawson said Tuesday that Gerulaitis had apparently died of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning early Saturday night, shortly after he was last seen by his host, Martin Raynes, at about 5 p.m. Gerulaitis, who did not appear for a party later Saturday night, was found dead about 3 p.m. Sunday sprawled over his bed and wearing the same clothes he had worn at a tennis clinic Saturday afternoon.
He said that the initial indication was the unusual pink color of the parts of the body where blood had pooled after death, an area that is usually deep purple.
BONDS FALTER (BU)ON RISE IN (BU)TRADE DEFICIT NEW YORK  (BC-CREDIT-NYT) Prices of Treasury securities slipped Tuesday after a government report showed that the nation's trade deficit had widened in July.
Steenburgen won an Academy Award for her supporting role as a kooky but pragmatic wife in 1980's ``Melvin and Howard,'' while Smart is best-known as the level-headed Charlene on CBS-TV's ``Designing Women.'' Steenburgen plays Bessie, a drab, 40-year-old, unmarried woman who has spent most of her adult life selflessly caring for her father, who is bed-ridden after a series of serious illnesses, and her 70-year-old Aunt Ruth, who has lived with a lifetime of back pain.
fell Tuesday after a report indicated that initial bids for its on-line information service were slightly lower than some analysts had expected.
The shareholders are expected to approve the acquisition, which is a stock purchase, though the precipitous decline in Viacom stock after the Jan.
MAGMA SHARES SURGE 26% ON TAKEOVER OFFER BY RIVAL LOS ANGELES  (BC-MAGMA-TAKEOVER-OFFER-NYT) Shares of Magma Power Co. soared more than 26 percent Tuesday after the company said it was considering an $840 million takeover offer by one of its chief competitors in the geothermal energy market.
As for salary, Hull is under a long-term contract that will pay him $3.5 million this season, $4 million next season, and $4.6 million and $4.8 million in the two seasons after that.
Asked last week about trade rumors, Messier said, ``This is my last stop.'' But he was also attached to Edmonton, his hometown, until the Oilers traded him, after five Stanley Cup championships, in 1991.
STATE CALLS SIMPSON'S EX-WIFE SOLE TARGET LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-ASSESS-NYT) The district attorneys prosecuting O.J. Simpson appear to have pared their murder case against him to a simple scenario: after killing his former wife in front of her condominium, Simpson slashed the throat of a friend of hers who happened upon the scene.
But Shapiro told reporters after the hearing that they were an educational pamphlet on domestic violence Simpson received as part of his probation.
The court is also expected to consider whether evidence obtained by investigators after the search warrant was issued is admissible at trial and whether the jurors should be sequestered -- separated from their friends and family and the rest of the world -- for the length of the trial.
People now are less inclined to express concerns for the plight of black Americans than they were only two years ago, after the trial of four white police officers charged in the beating of Rodney G.
On Sunday, the Chargers will face the Los Angeles Raiders, their arch-rivals, and after a bye week, the Kansas City Chiefs, another division rival, who the Chargers are tied with for first place in the AFC West.
Traders were dumping stocks all day after the release of worse-than-expected figures concerning the July trade deficit, which at $10.99 billion was the second highest in the nation's history.
16, would not act again until after the November elections.
Magma Power, which operates geothermal power plants, rose 7\, to 34}, after receiving an $840 million takeover bid from a rival, the California Energy Company.
Shares of the 3Com Corp., a computer company, rose 1[, to 38], after it said its first-quarter profit had more than doubled.
Shares of First Alert and American Sensors, the two principal makers of carbon-monoxide detectors, rose on expectation of higher sales after reports that Vitas Gerulaitis, the former tennis star, died from carbon-monoxide poisoning.
Two months after Japonica offered to become a suitor, Kohlberg, Kravis came to Borden with its offer, and entered into a confidentiality agreement with Borden on Aug.
And in the last week, after years in which the Soviet Union allowed Jews to emigrate only in small numbers, leaders of major American Jewish groups have said that they believe Russia is now in full compliance with the American law.
One day after completing its purchase of McCaw Cellular Communications, AT&T executives reiterated their sweeping vision of how to link the world's biggest long-distance company with the world's largest wireless operator.
But after the one-hour meeting, which did not end the talks, Mitchell conceded that the attacks from Republicans and from liberal groups threatened their efforts.
``We're two franchises that kind of mirror each other,'' said the Lions' All-Pro offensive tackle, Lomas Brown, after he whipped defensive end Charles Haley in his individual matchup and after his team had toppled the two-time defending champion Dallas Cowboys, 20-17, in overtime here on Monday night.
``Even with Joe Montana, and after Kansas City made it to the AFC championship game last year, few teams feared them.
REPORT SAYS N.Y. TAXES ARE THE SECOND HIGHEST IN THE U.S.  (BC-NY-TAXES-645&ADD-NYT) New York's state and local tax burden remains the second highest in the country, according to a new report by the State Business Council, and the gap between New York and other states is widening after a slight narrowing in the late 1980s.
``I'm going to play until the Zamboni comes and scrapes me off the ice,'' Flatley, the Islanders' captain, vowed after the team's morning workout here on Tuesday.
``On the ice, when he wasn't there during the playoffs along the boards, we missed his strength as well.'' Flatley, who joined the team after the 1984 Olympics and participated in the Islanders' last Stanley Cup final that season, was perhaps closer than any other current player to Al Arbour.
I know that after President Clinton announced that we were going, there was even more consternation in the State Department than there was when we dealt with North Korea.
Asked about the awkwardness of praising Cedras' honor after Clinton had tried to demonize him in a national address last Thursday night, to drum up support for an invasion, Carter smiled and said about the general topic of villainizing American enemies: ``I have written a poem about that.'' He asked an aide to fetch the poem, called ``With Words We Learn to Hate,'' which he said is going to be published in a forthcoming book of his poetry.
He used the example of Mengistu Haile Mariam in Ethiopia, whom he calld ``a terrible dictator who killed people.'' But after he negotiated a deal with him on behalf of the International Red Cross and the U.N. High Commissioner on Refugees, to have food and water delivered to the refugee camps, he ``completely kept his word.'' ``I found him to be charming, his wife is one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen in the world.
Only three days after Clinton went on television to tell America that Cedras must be held accountable for ``terrible human tragedy'' in Haiti, rape and murder and mutilation and ``mothers' faces slashed with machetes,'' Carter found himself sitting in the Cedras home with the general's 10-year-old son, Yannick Cedras, on his knee serving him cookies, and the general's daughter asking him to autograph a picture of himself.
RIGHTS OFFICIAL JOINS DISTRICT MAYORAL RACE WASHINGTON  (BC-DEECEE-MAYORAL-RACE-NYT) Fours days after one independent candidate withdrew from the mayoral race in Washington, another emerged on Tuesday to challenge Marion S.
Fletcher, a member and former chairman of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, said he decided to enter the race after City Councilman William P.
	Markets 	Stocks tumbled after the government reported a U.S. trade deficit that was worse than expected.
The state unemployment rate, which now is 8.9 percent, will drop to 7 percent by 1997 and will be about 1 percentage point higher than the national rate after that, the report said.
BROOKLYN SLUDGE PLANT PROPOSED NEW YORK  (BC-NYC-SLUDGE-PLANT-NYT) A Canadian company has proposed building a sludge-processing plant in the Sunset Park neighborhood of Brooklyn just a year and a half after the Dinkins administration backed away from plans to process sludge on a much larger site nearby.
The company, Thermo Tech Technologies, based in Langley, British Columbia, made the proposal Tuesday after announcing that it and Solucorp Industries of Saddle Brook, N.J., had signed a letter of intent to buy the New York Cross Harbor Railroad Terminal Corp., which holds a lease on a 10-acre site on the Brooklyn waterfront.
``I like J.C. Penney much better,'' said Marilyn Mazzella, after arriving at the Macy's to register at the bridal registry.
Peck said Tuesday after a hearing on the injury that Ferguson's ``ability to communicate with his own eye doctor and recollect the present and past shows he can communicate with a psychiatrist.'' 
Noting that the department also came under a sweeping restructuring after the Knapp Commission's corruption report in 1971, Deputy Chief Frank Biehler, the executive officer of Patrol Borough Bronx, said: ``We're like every other corporation.
``The Great Cooking Challenge,'' as the infomercial is titled, is indicative of a trend; infomercials have evolved since their emergence as a force in television advertising in the 1980s, after the Reagan administration relaxed longtime prohibitions against the genre.
Cortines, seeking to bolster school security after last week's shooting of a student in a Brooklyn high school, will ask the Board of Education to install walk-through metal detectors in 50 city high schools.
The answer he heard most often was, ``We'd be glad to play you next year -- after Graham's gone.'' One team that said yes was Abilene Christian and Sparano will take the Chargers to Abilene, Texas, for a game there Saturday night.
This, after all, is where generations of New Yorkers have walked dogs, pushed baby carriages, biked and skated, listened to music, thought deep thoughts and even married.
To begin with, it will pay for the redraining, refilling, regrading and resodding of the Great Lawn, which is now one big dust bowl or, after a rainfall, one big mud bowl.
Aristide, a Roman Catholic priest who won the December 1990 election with 67 percent of the vote, was exiled in September 1991 after a bloody coup.
The police, after looking at the Americans' superior weaponry, moved away without striking the demonstrators.
``It had been on the porch of my Grandma Robinson's house, and then I got it in 1985 after my aunt Georgia died.
But after the one-hour meeting, which did not end the talks, Mitchell conceded that the attacks from Republicans and from liberal groups threatened their efforts.
Ousted last month after five years at the Bastille Opera, Chung won the right to perform one final opera, Verdi's ``Simon Boccanegra.'' And at Monday's opening night, he was given a rousing ovation, first when he arrived and later when he joined the cast onstage after the final curtain.
It dismissed the 41-year-old conductor after an embarrassing public wrangle over his contract.
``My musical life continues.'' Appointed music director by a Socialist government in 1989, Chung ran into trouble after a fresh management team was named by a new conservative administration last year.
Last month, after the conductor refused to accept the new terms, he was abruptly dismissed.
Earlier, Jean Casimir, Haiti's ambassador in Washington, said after talking with Aristide that the exiled president was ``uneasy ...
Shalikashvili spoke to reporters at the White House shortly after he and Defense Secretary William Perry briefed a bipartisan meeting of congressional leaders called by President Clinton.
``We lost to San Diego-stinking-State,'' Bears quarterback Dave Barr moaned after the game.
I know that after President Clinton announced that we were going, there was even more consternation in the State Department than there was when we dealt with North Korea.
Asked about the awkwardness of praising Cedras' honor after Clinton had tried to demonize him in a national address last Thursday night, to drum up support for an invasion, Carter smiled and said about the general topic of villainizing American enemies: ``I have written a poem about that.'' He asked an aide to fetch the poem, called ``With Words We Learn to Hate,'' which he said is going to be published in a forthcoming book of his poetry.
He used the example of Mengistu Haile Mariam in Ethiopia, whom he calld ``a terrible dictator who killed people.'' But after he negotiated a deal with him on behalf of the International Red Cross and the U.N. High Commissioner on Refugees, to have food and water delivered to the refugee camps, he ``completely kept his word.'' ``I found him to be charming, his wife is one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen in the world.
Only three days after Clinton went on television to tell America that Cedras must be held accountable for ``terrible human tragedy'' in Haiti, rape and murder and mutilation and ``mothers' faces slashed with machetes,'' Carter found himself sitting in the Cedras home with the general's 10-year-old son, Yannick Cedras, on his knee serving him cookies, and the general's daughter asking him to autograph a picture of himself.
I know that after President Clinton announced that we were going, there was even more consternation in the State Department than there was when we dealt with North Korea.
Asked about the awkwardness of praising Cedras' honor after Clinton had tried to demonize him in a national address last Thursday night, to drum up support for an invasion, Carter smiled and said about the general topic of villainizing American enemies: ``I have written a poem about that.'' He asked an aide to fetch the poem, called ``With Words We Learn to Hate,'' which he said is going to be published in a forthcoming book of his poetry.
He used the example of Mengistu Haile Mariam in Ethiopia, whom he calld ``a terrible dictator who killed people.'' But after he negotiated a deal with him on behalf of the International Red Cross and the U.N. High Commissioner on Refugees, to have food and water delivered to the refugee camps, he ``completely kept his word.'' ``I found him to be charming, his wife is one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen in the world.
Only three days after Clinton went on television to tell America that Cedras must be held accountable for ``terrible human tragedy'' in Haiti, rape and murder and mutilation and ``mothers' faces slashed with machetes,'' Carter found himself sitting in the Cedras home with the general's 10-year-old son, Yannick Cedras, on his knee serving him cookies, and the general's daughter asking him to autograph a picture of himself.
During it, he said the Chiefs moved too quickly in releasing him after he did not report to training camp because of high blood pressure.
We gave him another full week and after that felt it was wise to get on with what we were doing.'' Casillas said it would have been just one more week.
But a week after that I was clear and felt much better.'' Casillas said he is on medication to control his high blood pressure.
As Pentagon leaders described it, their mission now is not to protect the population from a repressive regime, but rather to help stabilize the country to permit its elected government to retake power in the next few weeks -- and to do so with the full cooperation of the very police and military forces that seized power after the coup in 1991 against President Aristide.
Sheehan, director of operations at the Pentagon, said in an interview today that the military's mission, and the rules governing the use of force in carrying out the mission, were changed in the middle of the night just before the occupation began on Monday, after commanders reviewed the agreement negotiated by the delegation to Haiti led by Carter.
He was forced into the runoff after failing to get a majority of the vote in the Aug.
Because of the salary cap, free agency and, according to his agent, a bad reputation that has spread around the NFL, White is out of the game after just one unproductive season with the Rams.
Snyder, who came to Cal in 1987 after coaching Eric Dickerson as the Rams' running backs coach, said White was a top-notch player.
Goodman, who was arrested after his mother informed police that her son had confessed to the killing, faced a possible 25 years to life prison term if he had been convicted of murder in Hollander's death.
He could be released from prison after serving about half the 12 years.
According to court documents, Goodman confessed the slaying to his brother, William Goodman, about four months after the crime.
There is also homework for her independent studies courses, which she began last year after leaving Granada Hills High School because of her hectic travel schedule.
It gets tiring after a while.
A period much the opposite of the euphoria she felt after the U.S. Open may have actually had the greatest impact on her.
By now, after two consecutive subpar performances (including last week's 20-17 victory against Houston), Johnson would be cracking the whip, for all the cameras to see.
He did it Monday when we went for it all those times on fourth down.'' Though it would be natural to ``point a finger'' in the direction of the head coach -- after all, he's the major change between this year's team and its predecessors -- it is too early to judge Switzer's laid-back approach.
``Another loss in our next game, and another loss after that,'' Harper said.
``We had a better plan for this game,'' said Barry Sanders, hardly breathing after a 40-carry, 194-yard night.
``The frustration is a little deeper than last week after the Houston game.'' Human factor.
Those games were misery for me.'' That confession could have come after the Cowboys lost to the Los Angeles Rams in 1992, or after those consecutive losses to Atlanta and Miami last year.
Ware was taken with the seventh pick in 1989 by the Detroit Lions after winning the Heisman Trophy at the University of Houston.
Moon went undrafted after leading the University of Washington to a Rose Bowl victory in his senior season.
He was forced into the runoff after failing to get a majority of the vote in the Aug.
In 1989, he was sentenced to two years in prison for attempted manslaughter after he stabbed a woman who refused to kiss him.
Rust was released from prison in October 1993 after completing one year of the sentence.
Q: As I recall, some time after the Persian Gulf War, there was a movement in Congress to write a new War Powers Act.
U.S. officials say the CIA cut its ties to the Haitian intelligence organization shortly after the 1991 military coup.
She said reports of white bison births come in with regularity during calfing season, ``but we don't usually get very excited about it.'' Most frequently, a white animal will either be a albino -- and albinos occur in all animals -- or a cross between cattle and a bison, which sometimes produces a light colored animal.``But, after talking to the owners, I have a feeling that this is the real thing.
In 1973, just after Vietnam, Congress passed the War Powers Act to correct what it saw as an imbalance.
But like most of the rest of the nation, we gave up eating liver after the nutritionists told us all the things that are wrong with it.
``However, it will not prevent a long- or short-term stress injury that can occur if proper stretching and strengthening exercises are not done prior to and after skating,'' he adds.
ARTSY CARS: ONE PERSON'S DRIVE FOR SUCCESS MAY BE ANOTHER'S STATUS SYMBOL OF CREATIVE WEALTH ATLANTA  (BC-ARTISTICCARS-COX) Something good happened after Anne Cox gave her peeling, rusty-blue Pontiac LeMans a new paint job.
A similarly ironic drama was played out within the ranks of the Florida Marlins, who used an idle September to quietly clean house -- unusual in that baseball houses usually aren't that dirty after less than two seasons.
Reberger's dismissal after directing the Marlins pitchers for a couple of months is not surprising, at least in hindsight.
About 15 minutes after customers arrived for the 11 a.m. session on a recent Sunday, 10 purple-robed members of the Voices of Freedom made their way, singing and clapping, from CityWalk's center court, up the escalator and into the club's stage entrance.
Mr. Nicholson began collecting Americana in 1980 after he and his partner Byron C.
Admired by experts as one of the finest American tables seen on the market, the round table, with its deftly chiseled scalloped top, fluted columnar base and robust claw-and-ball feet, was, Mr. Nicholson says, ``gutsy.'' Later that year, after he and his partner sold Congoleum's Bath Iron Works, for $850 million, Mr. Nicholson was back buying aggressively at the auctions.
Each is the creation not only of one of the great innovators in American cultural history but also of her dancers, women like Dorothy Bird, Sophie Maslow, May O'Donnell, Jane Dudley and Yuriko, a member of the generation that carried the flame after the revolution.
She became self-conscious around Horst after he suddenly put his hand on her knee one night.
22), when the director Harold Prince's version opens in New York at the Gershwin Theater after a lengthy stay in Toronto, with John McMartin, Elaine Stritch, Rebecca Luker, Mark Jacoby, Lonette McKee, Gretha Boston and Michel Bell.
Robert Hall, assistant commissioner for international affairs with the Customs Service, said he was told last week that the Mexican government will not take up the matter until after President-elect Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon takes office on Dec.
Robert Hall, assistant commissioner for international affairs with the Customs Service, said he was told last week that the Mexican government will not take up the matter until after President-elect Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon takes office on Dec.
Robert Hall, assistant commissioner for international affairs with the Customs Service, said he was told last week that the Mexican government will not take up the matter until after President-elect Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon takes office on Dec.
Today, Miss Travers, 95, lives modestly here in Chelsea in rather frail health, and will agree to a visit only after establishing a few ground rules: I must read her latest book, a collection of her essays compiled in 1989 called ``What the Bee Knows: Reflections on Myth, Symbol and Story'' (Penguin).
I just go there when I feel the need of it.'' Does she believe that people her age can regain the infants' ability to speak to the birds, after losing it on their first birthday?
I know less about her after reading `Comes Back' again.'' Her tongue works itself over her lips.
GLITTERING REJUVENATION FOR AN 87-YEAR-OLD  (BC-PLAZA-RENOVATE-750&add-ART-NYT) There must have been a serious shortage of gilt and brocade throughout Manhattan after the Plaza Hotel's face lift was completed several years ago.
To bake muffins, test after 35 to 40 minutes.
It was so dry that after one bite, I felt like my lips were chapped and my throat seared shut.
In this case the catchwords were being mouthed after the musical tradition of the Y had already been decimated.
CARTER HAS BECOME ITINERANT PEACEMAKER WASHINGTON  (BC-THOMPSON-COLUMN-HNS) If presidents were judged on the basis of their conduct and achievements after leaving the White House, Jimmy Carter would lead all the rest.
Raoul Cedras in command of Haiti's military and police forces during the interim and did not require that he leave the country after he relinquishes his office.
Carter made the deal with President Kim Il Sung, who died shortly after Carter's visit.
His successor, William Howard Taft, achieved his lifelong ambition only after leaving the White House in 1913 - he was named by Warren Harding in 1921 as chief justice of the United States.
The verdict came Tuesday after a two-hour hearing on Hongisto's financial status, which portrayed him as all but ruined -- both financially and professionally.
Hongisto was fired two years ago after the heist of the Bay Times newspapers, but has denied that he acted with malice.
``It's particularly gratifying, to know they believed me on that,'' said Hongisto after the trial.
Tuesday, the jury considered whether to impose punitive damages on Hongisto himself, after hearing testimony from the former chief and accountants about his financial status.
Moore said after speaking with several jurors, ``it was clear we had proven what we had intended to prove -- that Dick never intended to harm anyone.'' Corsaro said the judge's instructions to the jury killed the chance for punitive damages.
``I knew then it was hopeless.'' In the May 1992 cover story, Hongisto was portrayed holding a nightstick between his legs alongside a headline reading, ``Dick's Cool New Tool: Martial Law.'' The accompanying article criticized mass arrests of demonstrators in San Francisco after the acquittal of Los Angeles police in the Rodney King beating case.
``She's a terrific lady.'' Linares was hired to teach English and civics in 1989, not long after a federal amnesty program ended that helped more than 1 million Latino immigrants become legal residents of the United States.
The Centre's aerobics studio is small but airy; after a few thousand reps, you may want to join the parade of golfers passing on the way to early tee times.
For her first case, helping a boy find the mother who left home after the death of a younger child, Monica gets herself hired as the boy's nanny.
CBS's new sitcom ``Daddy's Girls'' (also Wednesday) stars Dudley Moore as Dudley Walker, who's trying to rebuild his fashion business after his wife runs off with his partner.
An exception was the group led by Gail Greenberg of Manhattan, which had 43 percent after three matches.
THE BRITISH OPTION: Remodeling the professional game after the NCAA may seem a bridge too far for traditionalists.
THE BRITISH OPTION: Remodeling the professional game after the NCAA may seem a bridge too far for traditionalists.
	Furhman, Simpson's lawyers said, had been at the defendant's house at least once before after beimg called to investigate a domestic squabble between Simpson and his former wife; also that Furhman had a documented history of animosity towards blacks.
	Defense lawyers also charged that the prosecution had admitted evidence that was taken from Simpson's car even after the vehicle had been unlocked in a impound yard and burgarlized by an employee.
because he helped me to create a convincing body language.'' Cates' second career in acting, begun after her start in film, is on the classical stage, where she (occasionally in collaboration with Kline) has appeared in ``Romeo and Juliet'' and ``Much Ado about Nothing'' for the New York Shakespeare Festival.
``The tragedy for all victims of carbon monoxide poisoning is that their deaths are entirely preventable,'' said Ann Brown, the chairman of the commission, in a statement after Gerulaitis's death.
The couple chose the delicate-looking tie rods and, at Dickinson's suggestion, painted them the same bright Aegean blue as the kitchen cabinets, a color chosen by Ms. Resnick after the couple spent several years in Greece.
But to those who remembered Maurice Stokes, the headlines over the weekend were truly unbelievable: St. Francis College in Loretto, Pa., was removing Maurice Stokes' name from its athletic center and renaming it the DeGol Arena after a local businessman who had donated $2 million to the school 85 miles east of Pittsburgh.
He died of a heart attack in 1970 at age 36 after 12 years in hospitals and wheelchairs.
How he went to the `game' at Kutsher's in his honor.'' Jack Twyman remembered a hospitalized Cincinnati youngster who had been contemplating suicide after a serious injury.
A YEAR AFTER CLINTON LAUNCHED HEALTH-CARE REFORM, MOST PLANS ARE SUNK WASHINGTON  (BC-HEALTH-380&add-COX) One year to the day after President Clinton launched the health-care debate, his reform proposal -- and most of the alternatives -- have sunk.
CROLL SELLS A FOURTH SHARE OF HOLY BULL  (BC-RAC-CROLL-HOLYBULL-385&ADD-NYT) Jimmy Croll confirmed Wednesday that he was selling a 25 percent interest in Holy Bull to the Jonabell Farm of Lexington, Ky., where the great gray superstar of racing will retire as a stallion after his 1995 season.
Croll also reported that Holy Bull was taking life fairly easy in the week after his smashing victory in the $500,000 Woodward Stakes at Belmont Park last Saturday.
But for two weeks after the Travers, he told us around the barn that he was at his best.
He's one in a million.'' Tabasco Cat to Run in Kentucky Tabasco Cat, who ran third to Holy Bull in the Travers after winning the Preakness and Belmont, will try to keep alive his candidacy for honors when he runs Saturday in the $400,000 Kentucky Cup Classic at Turfway Park.
``Suddenly one day, the government in South Africa decided that the people could see the face of Nelson Mandela after all his years in prison,'' he said.
She is not smiling in the second photograph, which was taken after the meeting, although she appears relaxed.
Mike Synar, D-Okla., and pledged to go after other members of Congress who supported gun control measures.
Our members are in every congressional district and they don't particularly love it when you bash NRA because NRA is our members.'' The NRA tried to oust Synar two years ago, after he voted for a ban on teflon bullets, also known as ``cop-killer'' bullets because they can pierce armor.
Synar, who endorsed Cooper after the vote was tallied, said he believed the results were ``a referendum on Mike Synar and not on Bill Clinton.'' One of the top Democratic House lieutenants, Synar blamed his defeat on the fact that he had to remain in Washington this summer to tend to House business, instead of hitting the campaign trail.
The charismatic priest came here in the spring of 1992, shortly after a military junta ended his seven-month presidency.
The action was one of several steps announced by the Clinton administration a day after club-wielding Haitian policemen waded into a crowd of jubilant Haitians in the capital of Port-au-Prince and attacked pro-democracy demonstrators.
According to a CBS News-New York Times survey released Tuesday after the operation began, 57 percent opposed sending troops and 53 percent said the United States doesn't have a responsibility to restore Haitian democracy.
It's empowering.'' How he turned into a dealmaker, after years in New York as a struggling actor and dancer, amazes him.
Despite the economy and inroads made against Sendero Luminoso, the revolutionary guerrilla group, ``political risk is the second highest in the region after Venezuela,'' Tull says.
And it has a foot in the door in Romania after finishing a 204,000-dlr study for the government on telecommunications expansion there.
They are counting on more good things from German when Miami meets Washington at the Orange Bowl on Saturday at 3:30 p.m. Charlie Williams, the wide receivers coach, arrived in Miami last year after stops at Minnesota, Texas Christian and New Mexico State.
``Believe me, after you take that stuff off, you think you're flying.'' He also gained 10 pounds and now weighs 180.
As for energy consumption, China became a net importer of oil last year after production in its major oilfields failed to keep up with demand.
David Meggett even has the cool-and-calm Dan Reeves to give him a big, fat hug after a game.
The salary cap will restrain him more than it would if there was no cap, but teams will go after Meggett because he fills so many slots.
The Kansas City Value Line stock-index cash staged a late rally to close unchanged after trading lower most of the session.
The products have attracted stores such as Saks Fifth Avenue and Halls in Kansas City, where she'll make a personal appearance for a trunk show the two days after Thanksgiving.
``To us, it's an issue of, `What can you get passed?' The Bell companies signed off on the bill's compromise after arguing that the ``actual and demonstrable competition'' test would have kept them out of the long-distance market for a decade or longer.
Will it be Dole himself?'' A related consideration, according to one Senate staff member, is ``whether Danforth is in Dole's doghouse'' after Danforth bucked Dole by voting last month for the crime bill.
 (BC-BUILDING-LIFE-FORCE2NDTAKE-NYT) Before embarking on a $230-million renovation of the Trump International Tower and Hotel, formerly known as the Gulf & Western Building, on Columbus Circle, Scott Coopchik, an executive managing director of The Galbreath Company, decided to call in Master Tin Sun for advice after hearing that many potential tenants could come from the Far East.
Otherwise, however, the capital was calm a day after police beat, clubbed and kicked civilians at random, killing at least one person, as U.S. troops looked on.
The game -- or business -- of major league baseball is not shut down for the rest of this year and who knows how long after that because players did not like the threat their employers posed to their batting averages.
His main concern is to preserve existing sites there, including those chosen by Israel after it took control of the West Bank and Gaza in the 1967 Middle East war.
That cooperation was in doubt after the breakup of the Soviet Union in 1991, when the Vilnius government issued hundreds of certificates exonerating people condemned by Soviet courts as war criminals.
``The yearning for peace was conveyed to us by politicians as well as social and religious leaders,'' he said here Wednesday after a four-day visit to Mogadishu.
The October meeting comes after more than a year of peace talks sponsored by the United Nations, all of which have been fruitless.
13 after violating that ban.
That happened after they issued a ``petition of advice'' to King Fahd denouncing what they said was Saudi Arabia's deviation from purist Islam in its foreign and domestic policies.
Someone on high has finally figured out, two years after a Robertson speech helped speed the debacle at Houston, that the far-right road to victory at the GOP convention is the road to defeat the November after.
William Bennett urged the 3,000 delegates to stop picking on homosexuals and go after Oliver Stone and ``trophy wives'' instead.
Though Lapin's ballroom address was bland, his true views emerged in a small meeting room after most of the press had fled.
Otherwise, however, the capital was calm a day after police beat, clubbed and kicked civilians at random, killing at least one person, as U.S. troops looked on.
First, they had ringside seats to the bitter fight between Mike Keenan and Neil Smith, which led to Keenan's messy departure for St. Louis soon after he kissed the Stanley Cup.
From the late 1600s to 1828, the place was known as Blackwells Island, named after the family that lived and farmed there and whose rebuilt house still stands, dwarfed by high-rises.
BOND PRICES FALL ON FEAR OF FED INCREASE NEW YORK  (BC-CREDIT-550&ADD-NYT) Prices of Treasury securities sagged again Wednesday, after a report of higher-than-expected housing starts for August and a prediction by a former Federal Reserve official that an increase in interest rates was imminent.
Officials with both the New York City Police Department and the Transit Police said shortly after the shooting that they thought Robinson had been shot once and perhaps twice in the front before he was shot in the back.
Eight months after Gregory was born, his brother started serving a 25-year sentence for homicide at the state prison in Ossining, he said.
Gregory ran away from the home frequently in the past month, just as he had run away from a Catholic home in Hawthorne, N.Y., before that, and from his mother's and grandmother's homes time after time in the previous few years.
Caldera's backers said the former president was more popular overseas than at home and noted with satisfaction that he had been expelled from his Democratic Action Party a week after he was jailed.
I don't think this is how it's supposed to be.'' It was quieter at the docks in another American-occupied section of Port-au-Prince on Wednesday, after the military government formally banned gatherings like the bloody demonstrations the day before.
But his long clinical experience in West Africa, in which he has seen one technique after another bested by the disease, have also made him cautious.
Now they have it: the imposing gray horse who came thundering down the homestretch in one major race after another this year and turned back the clock 21 years to the days when Secretariat was the hero who captured the public's fancy.
But after signing the Governors Island agreement in July 1993, the Cedras camp managed to mislead the United States and its allies for three months and then defy them for nearly a year before reaching the accord with the Carter delegation.
Because the Carter agreement does not require all three military leaders to leave the country, each is now searching, Haitian political leaders said, for a way to maintain his influence in the military after Oct.
NEW GARDEN HEAD SAYS MAIN GOAL IS RE-SIGNING OF MESSIER NEW YORK  (BC-GARDEN-NYT) One day after Bob Gutkowski's dismissal as the president of Madison Square Garden, his interim replacement said his immediate goal is to break the logjam in contract negotiations with Mark Messier, the Rangers' captain and star center.
Dolan, the chairman of Cablevision, and Rand Araskog, the chairman of ITT, and ``other executives in both companies.'' Checketts was asked by Biondi to take the job at 6 p.m. Monday, shortly after Biondi dismissed Gutkowski at the request of the Garden's new owners.
Under Gutkowski, the Garden turned a profit after many years in the red.
``When Brad's playing, his game is very effective,'' said Coach Lorne Henning after the second of the team's split-squad practices at Nassau Coliseum Wednesday.
``I haven't been told anything,'' he said after practicing in the morning session on a line with Niclas Andersson and Kip Miller, both of whom were sent to the minors later in the day.
``We're going to get him in a couple of games.'' The team's roster is likely to be set by next Tuesday -- four days before the season opener and the day after the Islanders' final exhibition.
Goalie Jamie McLennan said he felt fine after an asthmatic episode caused him to miss practice Tuesday and Wednesday.
GIANTS CLAIM FORMER JET  (BC-FBN-GIANTS-RUDOLPH-NYT) A day after he was released by the New York Jets, Coleman Rudolph, a big defensive end who had not suited up for a single game this year, was claimed by the New York Giants Wednesday.
Kahn left shortly after Macy's pared its three operating divisions into two and Edward Finkelstein, then Macy's chairman, installed his son as chairman of Macy's West.
Kahn briefly took a senior position at Montgomery Ward, but left last December after holding the post for 10 months.
Throughout the movie, which goes into wider release Friday after a successful limited engagement in Los Angeles and New York, Geritol's name appears in scenes filmed on a replica of the set of ``Twenty-One,'' recreated in telling period detail down to the use of the brand's old logo.
Perhaps the best-known example of such placement was the inclusion of Reese's Pieces in the hit film ``E.T.'' in 1982 after the maker of a rival candy, M&M's, decided against participating.
After two decades of research, scientists recognized that the Lucy species still left them with a substantial gap in the initial evolution after the ape-hominid divergence.
After Fujitsu's victory, these companies may not be so willing to keep paying royalties after their current agreements with Texas Instruments expire, many of them within two years.
But they have been crucial to the company's recovery after Japanese competitors nearly squeezed it out of the semiconductor market in the late 1980s.
It would be better handled by the interim force of pro-Aristide Haitians Washington has helped recruit in recent weeks and the U.N. force of 6,000 soldiers, police and civilians that was supposed to go in after the Aristide government had been restored.
``Such conduct cannot and will not be tolerated,'' Clinton said at the White House, shortly after the Pentagon put 1,000 U.S. military police on patrol in Haiti and instructed them to monitor the activities of the Haitian police.
The president stressed, however, that the U.S. military police and a large group of United Nations human rights monitors soon to arrive in Haiti would ``by their own presence help deter violence.'' Clinton said American military police and the U.N. monitors also would be responsible for helping retrain Haiti's army and police force ``so that they can perform to their fullest capabilities in an appropriate manner for a democratic society.'' Clinton condemned the brutality against Haitian civilians a day after hundreds were clubbed or beaten with rifle butts in Port-au-Prince, sometimes in full view of armed American soldiers.
``I'm optimistic that we'll see a change in the attitude and the actions of the police and the military in regard to dealing with this,'' Shelton told reporters after the meeting.
That is the spot Wheatley will walk into at some point after ``The Victors'' is played for the first of who-knows-how-many times.
``Right decision?'' Wheatley said when the subject was raised again after practice on Tuesday.
No.'' His decision cannot be declared right or wrong after the fact, because the risk was understood from the start.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) But before the decisions of Wheatley and Stokes can be debated, Gary Moeller, the Michigan coach, asks a question: ``How much would your grandfather, or my grandfather, or any older people that went to college, after they had millions of dollars, sell their last two years of college for?'' The cynical response is that the head coach of an elite-level program is hardly an appropriate spokesman for the value of a big-time player's educational future.
``The feeling is that, after 30 years, it's time for a new generation of leaders,'' said Nethercutt.
The pension-fund representatives walked out of the meeting after a presentation from R.
Shortly after that announcment, Ronald Compton, the chairman of Aetna, warned a group of investors and analysts that even with a new Superfund law, shareholders could still be hit with an ``occasional pop'' as court cases present a clearer picture of what the company owes.
The school, Santa Rosa Junior College, reached the settlement after the Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights, with whom the claim was filed, told the college in a letter last June that it had found a probable violation of the federal law prohibiting sex discrimination in schools.
``I must have had some glimmer that there could be a legal problem, because I set them up only after confirming with the counseling office that the college offered men-only and women-only counseling sessions,'' Karraker said.
The new schools will serve about 50,000 of New York's 1.2 million school children and will be modeled after the 50 alternative schools that have opened in the last two years, emphasizing greater individual attention and more parental involvement than the city's colossal, factory-like high schools can provide.
``It was a most gratifying experience that so many people came together to discuss a common cause: the health and welfare of the educational system in New York City,'' Gregorian said after the meeting Wednesday.
I didn't like this show nearly as much after watching tonight's pilot as I did after taking in the second and third episodes, offering added proof that some shows -- particularly comedies -- need a little bit of time to find their legs, to walk after they crawl.
There is good chemistry between this group, especially in the third episode when the intertwined stories find Monica finally going out with a guy so perfect that even her friends love him, and Phoebe lucking into one cash windfall after another.
Sure, it has a great time period -- right after NBC's biggest hit, ``Seinfeld.'' But ``Buffalo Bill'' was on after ``Cheers'' on Thursday night, and it still flopped.
A day after Haitian police officers and soldiers lashed out with clubs at crowds who were greeting American troops, Lt. Gen.
Perhaps the most important step reported by the American side after the hour-and-a-half meeting in Cedras' French Colonial-style headquarters, with its peeling white paint and lounging soldiers, was an agreement to dismantle the Haitian army's only heavy weapons company.
Leslie Sanz, who is widely believed responsible for much of the killing carried out after the military coup in 1991.
Consequently when the popular uprising occurred in 1986 after Duvalier's son, Jean Claude ``Baby Doc'' Duvalier, fled the country, there were no retribution killings of Macoutes in Jacmel.
What had steadied the financial markets in the last month, and helped rally the Dow to near its all-time high of 3,978.36, was a shaky assumption: that both economic growth and inflation were contained well enough that the Fed would forgo a sixth increase in short-term interest rates, at least until after the November elections.
The most active stock, with 5.6 million shares traded, was Digital Equipment, which rose 1[, to 29, after an analyst for Cowen & Co. reiterated his reassessment to ``strong buy,'' from ``neutral.'' 
The new schools will serve about 50,000 of New York's 1.2 million school children and will be modeled after the 50 alternative schools that have opened in the last two years, emphasizing greater individual attention and more parental involvement than the city's colossal, factory-like high schools can provide.
``It was a most gratifying experience that so many people came together to discuss a common cause: the health and welfare of the educational system in New York City,'' Gregorian said after the meeting Wednesday.
Administration officials said they were not sure that Washington's better defined policy would deter more brutal incidents, and they expressed apprehension about the awkward interregnum between their current cooperation with the Haitian military and the restoration of Aristide to power after Oct.
With top administration officials arrayed behind him, and after being honored with a 21-gun salute, Aristide offered belated thanks to Clinton, Jimmy Carter, U.S. soldiers and the American people for their support in helping him to reclaim his presidency.
Peace must flourish in Haiti.'' But senior administration officials said Aristide had remained silent during an hourlong briefing at the Pentagon on Wednesday after Defense Secretary William J.
One official said Aristide had also warned against any effort to ban demonstrations, saying it would be difficult to carry out ``because Haitians are emotional people and these are joyful outbursts.'' And even after the session, which Aristide agreed to attend only after a telephone call Sunday night from Clinton and three visits since by senior administration officials to his Washington apartment, the exiled Haitian president warned pointedly that the success of the American mission ``is directly tied to the process of disarmament.'' That is a task for which the administration has announced few concrete plans.
Skateboard enthusiasts from all over Europe created their own versions of the luge board after seeing it in the magazine.
Like the male racers, women are brought up through the amateur class after competing in three races.'' While racers must be at least 18-years-old to compete, there are no age restrictions to be a member of RAIL.
Tape transcripts provided by the television show, ``Inside Edition,'' have also led him to acknowledge that after becoming secretary of housing and urban development, he approached a wealthy Texas businessman, Morris Jaffe, seeking financial help for Ms. Medlar.
Ms. Medlar has said that after Cisneros' visit to Jaffe, the businessman sent her a $5,000 check with the notation ``loan.'' The tapes have placed Cisneros in the uncomfortable position of defending his character and candor in the handling of an episode he has long struggled to put behind him.
He said that Ms. Medlar, having secretly recording their telephone discussionss, was now trying to steer him into making embarrassing admissions and that it was unfair ``to use those conversations as proof of anything.'' He also said there had been nothing improper in the payments, which he described as an attempt to help Ms. Medlar get back on her feet after their relationship ended.
She made about a third of them available to the television show, ``Inside Edition,'' after the show paid her a sum her lawyer described as reaching ``five figures.'' After broadcasting part of the tapes last week, the show then disseminated transcripts without her permission, she said.
Cisneros said he approached Jaffe, the Texas businessman, in 1993, seeking to identify business opportunities for Ms. Medlar, after he had stopped paying her.
The transcripts quote Cisneros as saying in late 1993 that he is worried that Jaffe's office ``has a tap, because the Feds were after him.'' He adds that when he speaks with Jaffe, ``I am very cryptic in the things I say.'' In the interview, Cisneros said he was concerned that someone listening in might misconstrue their conversation, and think he was approaching Jaffe for aid for himself.
	Heating oil and crude oil prices fell after a report showed large oil supplies in the United States.
``He really does not want to be president of Haiti after all,'' Pressler said, mocking the priest's desire to return on his own terms, rather than those dictated by Washington.
On ``CBS This Morning'' Wednesday, Leon Panetta, the White House chief of staff, tried to put the best face on the Haitian's yawning silence about the deal in the first two days after the trio of impromptu diplomats came back, flushed with triumph about having stopped a war.
He begs for help for three years and then, after surrounding his house finally with police, the mayor calls in a former mayor to negotiate.
``He spends two days in the house and comes out to announce that these are not really murderers and rapists, after all,'' Barnes said.
``This will make us a lot more competitive,'' said Karen Keiko White, president of Gardena-based Summit Installation Co. White considered moving her contracting firm out of state after her workers' compensation rates tripled due to fraudulent claims.
Analysts expect that the free-market pricing system will result in additional savings for many employers beginning on their renewal dates after Jan.
The paradox of Synar's defeat is that after surviving many races in which his opponents spent hundreds of thousands of dollars to oust him, he was finally done in by someone who campaigned on a shoestring.
That's all there is to it.'' Voters in the district also ousted their 24-year incumbent state representative in favor of another political novice and statewide, Oklahomans approved, by a 2-1 margin, a term-limit measure that would force all Congressional representatives out of office after three two-year-terms.
``When you've been as active as I have and lived on the edge as long as I have, we've always had this potential problem,'' he said in a telephone interview from Washington, where he flew hours after delivering a concession speech here.
Ito, cited a series of misstatements made in an affidavit to establish reasonable cause to search Simpson's estate in the Brentwood section the day after Simpson's former wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend Ronald A.
In pressing their case, Simpson's lawyers said they had uncovered new information calling into question the credibility of Mark Fuhrman, the Los Angeles homicide detective who was among the first investigators to arrive at Simpson's Brentwood estate on the morning of June 13, hours after Mrs.
Fuhrman said he jumped over Simpson's fence after finding blood on the defendant's Bronco parked outside.
Fuhrman testified at the preliminary hearing that after entering the estate, he found a bloody glove behind a guest house.
Fuhrman, Simpson's lawyers added, had been at the defendant's house at least once before, several years ago when he was called to investigate a domestic squabble between Simpson and his former wife and that four years after that incident he had written a letter ``to whom it may concern,'' explaining that the event ``was indelibly pressed in his memory.'' Uelman also reiterated an earlier claim that they had information from a worker's compensation petition filed by Fuhrman that suggested he tried to fake a psychological disability.
They sent all senators a three-page outline of their plan, which has been somewhat modified after two weeks of negotiations with Mitchell.
That, at least, was the word from some of the players after they began their preparations for Sunday's home game against New Orleans.
It was the second benching in two years for Hall, who lost his job in 1993 when he was injured, and couldn't get it back after regaining his health.
His speech has a rolling beauty to it, like a backwoods preacher after too much coffee.
If Finnane and the Warriors ``win'' the race and keep the slot, the money probably would go to Rogers in a multi-year package that would include a ``two-year out'' clause, meaning that the player (Rogers) would be paid $950,000 in each of his first two seasons, then have the option to back out of the deal after two years, declare himself a restricted free agent and effectively bargain from ground-zero.
He couldn't sleep for days after the game and still talks about ``the sickening feeling'' that call gave him.
He's as emotional as Bruschi and, after making a big hit, will double over with hysterics on the field.
He has size and is good with the puck, Size is a big part of the power play.'' So are shots from the point, which can create garbage goals after rebounds.
He settled down after allowing three first-period goals, but nevertheless didn't look like his old self.
A few days after the tumor was diagnosed, he had ``preventative surgery.
``Three weeks after the surgery, he said, `How do you feel after a near-death experience?''' Scott said.
This is like a nightmare.'' The women said they left Arcadia after consulting a ``hoodoo'' man named Benny in rural Louisiana, who told them an attack from demons was the source of their domestic conflicts and told them to leave their home.
Convinced they were pursued by devils, the women fled Arcadia with Johnson's and Crawford's five children March 17 after seeing the words ``Blood Room'' etched in dew on their car, family members said.
According to news reports, the three ended up that day at Mattie Bradfield's ``church home for outcasts'' after wandering for hours through Oak Cliff and begging people to pray for them.
According to police reports taken at the hospital, Obasi said her sisters blinded her after quoting from Matthew 5:29: ``If your right eye causes you to sin, pluck it out and cast it from you.'' ``They were saying that she was possessed,'' said Dallas police Detective M.J. Ned, who visited Obasi at Parkland the next day and said she appeared calm.
McInerny, who had just got out of a hospital after treatment for pneumonia, had a heart ailment.
McInerny's neighbors Tuesday night after he was unable to reach her on the telephone.
Rolston was kept for the start of last season, but he was sent to the minors and later to the U.S. Olympic team after he didn't dress for the first four games of the National Hockey League season.
``The Olympic team was a good experience for me,'' Rolston said after Tuesday's practice.
``But after that, I know I can play here.'' Rheaume is already with the Albany, N.Y., farm club, for whom he played 55 games last season.
The senior partner in Krim's law firm, Louis Nizer, said Wednesday, ``Arthur Krim revolutionized the film industry because he had an eye for artistic talent and a head for film financing.'' Krim and two associates founded Orion Pictures in 1978, as a joint venture with Warner Brothers, after a much-publicized split with United Artists, where there was friction between them and the Transamerica Corp., which was then United Artists' parent company.
 (BC-FBN-RAIDERS-DAVIS-LADN) Scott Davis admitted he was a little apprehensive when he rejoined the Raiders Wednesday after a two-week absence.
He quit football for one season when he was at the University of Illinois and retired from the Raiders after the 1991 season.
U.S. Embassy spokesman Stanley Schrager said the United States could not support the ban on public demonstrations, which curbs the very sort of free expression Washington seeks to nurture after three years of military rule.
But the Americans became a force of occupation after an invasion was averted by an agreement with the military junta negotiated over the weekend by a team of envoys headed by former President Jimmy Carter.
Although Aristide finally voiced his support for the U.S. effort after days of indirect criticism, the Carter-brokered accord has proven somewhat untidy for the American force, which had grown to about 10,000 by last night.
 (BC-HAITI-2NDTAKE-TEX) Asked about Jonassaint's role after Aristide's return, Schrager said Jonassaint will fade into the background.
But in 1986 they inherited political enforcement duties after the disbanding of the feared Tontons Macoutes, who had served dictator Francois ``Papa Doc'' Duvalier and his son, Jean-Claude, ``Baby Doc.'' In Haitian voodoo mythology, tontons macoutes are bogeymen who stuffed children into bags and carried them off, according to a study prepared by the U.S. State Department.
Caruso, a commercial fisherman, described this scene after a fruitless seven-hour attempt at freeing a 17-foot great white shark from his drift gill net.
said Wednesday that it had reassigned the duties on its estimated $230 million national network television buying account after a monthlong review.
McCann was awarded that account, which includes creative and media duties, after a review that included Y&R and another AT&T shop, Foote, Cone & Belding.
K&B was awarded the account after a two-month review that was narrowed to one other finalist, Campbell Mithun Esty in New York.
Jackson's attorney, Johnnie Cochran Jr., said the District Attorney's announcement was a major victory for the embattled star, who was treated for drug addiction and who cut short his ``Dangerous'' world tour after molestation allegations became public last August.
SIMPSON MOVE TO SUPPRESS EVIDENCE IS TURNED DOWN LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-HEARING-1STLD-WRITETHRU-NYT) A judge refused on Wednesday to throw out evidence obtained with a search warrant from O.J. Simpson's estate even though he said that detectives had showed ``reckless disregard for the truth'' in getting the search warrant the day after the murders of Mrs.
Ito, cited a series of misstatements made in an affidavit to establish reasonable cause to search Simpson's estate in the Brentwood section after the bodies of Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend, Ronald A.
In pressing their case, Simpson's lawyers said they had uncovered new information calling into question the credibility of Mark Fuhrman, the Los Angeles homicide detective who was also among the first investigators to arrive at Simpson's estate on the morning of June 13, hours after the bodies of Mrs.
Defense lawyers also charged that the prosecution had introduced evidence that was taken from Simpson's car even after the vehicle had been seized by police and later burglarized by an employee working for a privately owned garage.
Talk-show callers turned the airwaves Lions' blue in the first 48 hours after the Cowboys' stunning overtime loss.
This kind of reaction you would expect in Phoenix, where the air has been let out of ``Buddyball'' after an 0-3 start.
JOHNSON'S LATEST SNIPING STRIKES SOUR NOTE WITH COWBOYS IRVING, Texas  (BC-FBN-COWBOYS-JOHNSON-TEX) Jimmy Johnson was paid $2 million to disassociate himself from the Dallas Cowboys, some of whom, after hearing of his latest assault on the club, think he's not earning his money.
Jones has received a substantial raise on the remaining two seasons on his Clippers contract plus a two-year guaranteed extension after the Washington Bullets tried to hire away the popular 32-year-old in June.
Pataki ``has not clearly defined himself or his plan to cut taxes and stop runaway spending.'' The criticism from London, who had been Pataki's chief rival for the Republican nomination this spring, came in a one-page statement only hours after the question of comptroller independence emerged as the defining issue in a debate between London and his Democratic opponent, H.
``Voters must not be forced to choose the next governor of this state based solely on an `Anybody but Cuomo' campaign.'' The statement came after weeks in which Democrats, as well as a handful of Republicans, have said Pataki has not specifically outlined what he would do if elected.
But many campaign workers had expected that after a contentious fight leading up to the party's nomination, London would work for the ticket.
``Nothing will prevent him from fulfilling his obligation to the taxpayers, either during the campaign or after he is elected.'' Michael Long, the chairman of the Conservative Party, which has been a strong backer of London since he ran as its candidate for governor four years ago, said he too was surprised by London's statement.
Fired after last season as offensive coordinator at Texas A&M, Toledo joined UCLA's staff and has not hesitated to criticize Slocum, his old boss.
A post from a USC fan opined that the Trojans will come back strong this week after being embarrassed at Penn State and asked for some information on Baylor, the Trojans' opponent.
Part of you wants to jerk them out of the stands and tell them to take that stuff off.'' A big part of Cal's problem is the offensive line, which lost tackle Todd Steussie and center Eric Mahlum after last season.
He tried to retire once, too -- in 1988, after 33 years of scouting for the Cubs.
Nobody slept much that night.'' CRASHING A KLAN BARBECUE The Negro leagues continued for a few years after Robinson, but their focus changed completely.
Viacom said that Huizenga would assume dual titles of Viacom vice chairman and Blockbuster chairman after the merger.
Marsh speculated Huizenga would stay less than a year after the merger.
Despite several witnesses who claim to have seen Jordan after police believe he died from a gunshot to the chest, Townsend and friends of the Jordans say the contention that Jordan is still alive is ridiculous.
Even he retreated from this notion after the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, and the idea was held up to special ridicule by the conservatives who came after him.
And 14 years after leaving office, he has had a hand in settling crises, in North Korea and now in Haiti, not unlike the problems he predicted.
Elderly patients treated at hospitals with coronary care units are more likely to survive four or more years after their heart attacks than those without access to specialized care, according to the study in this week's Journal of the American Medical Association.
DORAVILLE, Ga.  (BC-LANDLORD-(2takes)-COX) When John Lantz, a trial lawyer who uses the word ``fun'' with alarming regularity, took over the Shallowford Gardens Apartments after his father died in 1991, the complex was a mess.
Most of the tenants had little formal education -- and because America was their adopted country, they had little knowledge of English, much less the time to learn after working long hours at factory, restaurant and day-labor jobs.
They threw more parties and tenants came, ate and stayed on after the food and soft drinks were gone.
The old Scoutmaster paused after telling the chicken story.
13 to take a three-week break from performing after undergoing tests for a respiratory ailment.
30, about a decade after his vasectomy, his second wife gave birth to twins -- his twins, with his sperm, genes, DNA, even his hair.
But the big question now is, after spending a total of some $43,500 and five years to have two healthy boys, was it worth the pain, the anxiety, the thunderbucks?
  -  -  - One of the enduring images of SWC football in the 1990s came after TCU's victory over Texas in Fort Worth two years ago when some Frog players were among those tearing down the goalposts at Amon Carter Stadium.
We hope they'll go to the dressing room after the game like they've been told.'' (Randy Riggs writes for the Austin American-Statesman.) .
A middle-class tax cut is proposed, in part to dramatize Clinton's failure to deliver on a like promise, but don't be surprised if you see a cut from Clinton after all, as he flips into re-election mode.
How Jimmy Carter -- almost 15 years after he was resoundingly voted out of office -- came to be such an important player in world affairs is puzzling.
Or did he do it to resurrect the man's dignity after Carter was totally ignored for 12 years by Reagan and Bush?
One day after the president gushed all over him at a press conference, Carter took Clinton's Haiti policy to task.
Zain was fired last year after irregularities were discovered in his work at the Bexar County medical examiner's office and following an extensive investigation in West Virginia, where he previously worked, revealed widespread problems with his testimony and laboratory findings.
But I would be a-scared to, remembering the fable about the lazy, carefree grasshopper and the industrious, serious ant and how the grasshopper played all summer while the ant worked hard and harvested grain and sure enough, come the cold, cruel winter, the indolent grasshopper starved to death, while the hard-working ant had plenty to eat until it keeled over dead after complaining of chest pains.
Even sugar is available now, after last year's shortage drove prices sky-high.
This climactic set piece, by the way, is breathtaking despite several mismatched shots and a general lack of visual persuasiveness -- after the summer of ``True Lies'' and ``Forrest Gump,'' it's seamless computer images or nothing, it seems.
He doesn't complain, even after months and years of physical and sexual abuse (no politically correct perspective on prison homosexuality here), and he eventually trades on his financial acumen to improve conditions for himself and his fellow inmates.
Never fear, though -- this is, after all, a Stephen King story and the inevitable twist is well worth the wait.
It has come to this for CBS: Left without a football deal and practically shut out of sports entirely, it has no choice but to go after Fox and NBC by courting that elusive element, the female audience.
Eventually Andy begins to fit in, especially after he wows the guards with skills left over from his pre-prison banking career.
(The film's swift, enjoyably farfetched closing scenes are a sharp reminder of who is the author of this story, after all.) Andy's is the more subdued role, but Robbins plays it intensely, and he ages effectively from wary newcomer to father figure during the story.
But after films like ``The Player,'' making a behind-the-scenes Hollywood movie, even one about the losers, is harder than ever.
``Then, at 1:30 a.m., Hillary Clinton came downstairs and said the president has to go to bed.'' Now, it's not everyone who gets to keep the president up after his bedtime.
Even sugar is available now, after last year's shortage drove prices sky-high.
In the Hiroshima prints, Lawrence depicted the moment after the 5-ton atomic bomb hit the city: Space glowed and the people were vaporized.
She's happy for those who finally have the opportunity to better themselves, after all that suffering.
She's happy for those who finally have the opportunity to better themselves, after all that suffering.
Another problem: His marriage has dissolved after the accidental death of his son a year earlier.
Today, those who frequent any number of bars between here and his home near Washington can catch Kirchen leading his ``hillbilly power trio'' Too Much Fun -- think of a chicken-fried Cream -- through set after set of originals and songs by Huey Meaux, Johnny Horton, Sonny Burgess and others too numerous and obscure to list.
For another, he didn't hesitate when asked to join the ``Blood Brothers'' national tour, which opened in Dallas and will wind up in mid-1995 after more than 20 stops.
Cryonics is the practice of freezing bodies after death, in the hopes that future technology will be able to revive the person and cure whatever caused the demise.
An aura of mystery still clings to the Mongols, long after they retreated to the margins of world history.
``Empire Beyond the Great Wall'' offers only a foretaste of the cultural riches coming to light in Central Asia after years of political isolation.
It seems especially funny because I watched it right after I previewed the season premiere of NBC's ``Empty Nest,'' which airs just before it (7 p.m.).
It seems especially funny because I watched it right after I previewed the season premiere of NBC's ``Empty Nest,'' which airs just before it (7 p.m.).
Marketing experts say endorsement opportunities for big league players peak during the September pennant drives and in October after the playoffs and World Series.
Boggs, who also represents Joe Carter, Roberto Alomar and Paul Molitor of the Toronto Blue Jays, said the threesome was beseiged with product endorsement offers and postseason appearance requests after their World Series victory over Philadelphia.
Referring to the Universal City venue, which was modeled after the original location in Memphis, Tenn., King said, ``I hope this is the start of a long and beautiful friendship.'' Other recent celebrity-themed ribbon cuttings include Country Star Hollywood, a sort of country-music Hard Rock Cafe, and the Dan Aykroyd and Aerosmith-related House of Blues, which, love it or hate it, has quickly become the city's premiere live music nightclub.
Even now, after working the overnight shift, Lucile McNair loads up the only car the family owns on Saturday mornings and drives 1 1/2 hours to see her son star for Alcorn.
	The Vatican's chief spokesman, Joaquin Navarro-Valls, said in a statement that the visit was being postponed until November 1995 because the Pope had been ``advised not to intensify his activities in this period following orthopedic surgery.'' Doctors inserted metal alloy replacements for parts of a broken right thigh-bone after the Pope's fall in April.
And they nearly came out for abolishing the monarchy after the reign of the current sovereign, pulling back instead to seek a ``radical trimming'' in the $15-million public funding for royal family expenses.
The speech builds teasingly to an outrageous punch line, after which Tarantino knows just when to quit, moving on to the story of the adult Butch (Bruce Willis).
Small pleasantries don't count for much here, but at least they're mentioned, as when Wolf brusquely gives Vincent orders about cleaning up after the corpse.
Just make sure it's seven reels long.'' And Ed Wood himself, happily exclaiming, ``That was perfect!'' after any bad shot, is seen directing his cast in typical laissez-faire fashion.
The news was surprising, as the artist joined the gallery only two years ago after a much-publicized lawsuit with the Sonnabend Gallery, which had represented him for six years.
Comment: The Lions are riding high after knocking off Dallas on Monday night.
Shandong hit a low of 11 after pricing at 14 1/4 dlrs an ADS in early August, as worries have emerged about its management and debt load.
Yet shares of the 125 million dlr issue are trading at 16 3/8, after debuting at 16 last month.
The company, which went public last October, came under fire from shareholders after it restated financial statements to show losses over several quarters.
In the florid language of the times, he ordered the American naval commander to seek out the pirates and ``chastise their insolence by sinking, burning or destroying their ships and vessels wherever you shall find them.'' Yet, when the USS Enterprise seized the corsair Tripoli three months later, Jefferson reassured Congress that he did not intend to wage a full war because he was ``unauthorized by the Constitution without the sanction of Congress to go beyond the line of defense.'' Like many presidents after him, Jefferson combined a willingness to use force on his own with a recognition that Congress has a role in military ventures.
``It may be inconvenient for the president that the Constitution imposes certain requirements.'' But Mitchell's opinion proved elastic after Clinton, a fellow Democrat, became president.
10, little more than 72 hours after the top-seeded, top-ranked Sampras and his aching body were bumped from the U.S. Open by Jaime Yzaga of Peru.
``When I talked to Tom the night after the Yzaga match, I told him I would not be available,'' Sampras said Thursday.
Jack Brooks, D-Tex., said after a hearing of the panel's subcommittee on economics and commercial law.
Jack Brooks, D-Tex., said after a hearing of the panel's subcommittee on economics and commercial law.
``The regular drill and annual training schedule will resume after 1 October,'' she said.
The engine clatter -- often called ``knock'' -- is usually heard in the first few minutes after the cars are started.
The noise usually subsides after the engine warms up and the piston expands.
Texaco, for example, has introduced a gasoline called Clean System 3 that it says begins to clean up carbon deposits in the combustion chamber after about five tankfuls.
There also will be a ribbon-cutting ceremony for the new Russian Embassy where Yeltsin will host a dinner for Clinton the night after their state dinner at the White House.
Conceptually, he has a real sense of where he wants Russia to go, even long after he departs the scene.'' With no new coup on the horizon and with inflation down to 5 percent a month in Russia (about 63 percent a year -- the lowest it has been since the breakup of the Soviet Union), both Clinton and Yeltsin want the emphasis to be on trade and investment.
``We are going after our fair share of the market.'' La Quinta's direct management, instead of franchise agreements, will allow greater consistency and better quality control, Mead said.
Both were within days of retiring after lengthy FBI careers.
But the chorus was muted after German authorities last month arrested five suspects in possession of a tiny cache of weapons-grade uranium-235, evidently smuggled out of Russia.
``The coaches haven't said anything to me.'' Hirsch said after Wednesday's game.
Hirsch, believing he had proven he had graduated from the AHL, first balked at returning to Binghamton when the Rangers reassigned him there after the Olympics.
The defendant, Lewis Nobles, 68, stood silently as a magistrate read the 20-count indictment that included charges of money laundering and violations of the Mann Act, which bars the transportation of a woman across state lines for ``immoral purposes.'' The charges follow a year-long investigation by the FBI, which entered the case after college officials filed a lawsuit against Nobles, accusing him of embezzling more than $3 million.
``It wasn't bad,'' Terreri said after the light workout before the rest of the team took the ice, ``but it wasn't great, either.
``If Chris is not ready, for sure we'll have to keep another goalie,'' Coach Jacques Lemaire said after Thursday's practice.
All are being rested over the winter after logging a high number of innings during the season.
``The regular drill and annual training schedule will resume after 1 October,'' she said.
As his winnings piled up week after week and Americans sat glued to their TV sets, Van Doren was hailed as a Golden Boy, the epitome of American nobility, an intellectual hero for every kid.
Clinton, who had influenced the selection of Cabinet officers and dozens of other top level officials after the 1992 election.
The union contends that after the collective bargaining agreement with the league expired June 24, the three disputed policies fell out of the jurisdiction of federal labor law and became provisions restricting the free- market opportunities of players from the day they are drafted to when they retire.
``We say there should be a `when,' '' Schwarz said after the hearing.
It says no impasse with the union exists after only the few bargaining sessions that took place before the league sued June 17 to prevent the union from suing on antitrust grounds.
He was wedged so firmly into the crumpled car that emergency workers struggled for nearly an hour after the fire was extinguished, using hydraulic tools, to free his body from the wreckage.
Mental health professionals who work with firefighters, police, paramedics, war veterans and good Samaritans like Perkins and Sell say unwarranted feelings of guilt are common after such experiences.
They each had pulled their trucks to the side of the road after watching a car ahead of them careen out of control, spin repeatedly along the eastbound lanes, strike a median hard, then speed away.
1, after three years as publisher.
``The regular drill and annual training schedule will resume after 1 October,'' she said.
The only time Lewis got to him was too late, drawing a costly penalty and $7,500 fine for hitting Elway with a forearm after Elway had released a pass.
The man, identified as Sylwester Augustynek, had signed notes identifying himself as Gummi Bear, after the cartoon characaters and the jelly candy, and giving elaborate instructions for money drop-offs that always ended up frustrating the police.
The police closed in on Augustynek after arresting two people near the southern city of Katowice for sheltering him.
Cedras has insisted that he will not leave Haiti even after he resigns, though at the State Department, spokesman Michael McCurry said the Clinton administration still believed Cedras ultimately will depart the country.
The U.S. Embassy said it is attempting to help Haitian legislators, who fled to America after the coup, return to the country to draft a bill granting an amnesty to Cedras and other military leaders.
The military regime that took over after the September 1991 coup was marked by brutal repression against Aristide supporters.
``Most of this is probably stuff we were happy to unload after World War II,'' said Staff Sgt.
Courts in other states, New Jersey and Maryland among them, have issued similar rulings in an attempt to keep people from drumming up publicity after filing frivolous lawsuits.
The decision grew out of the case of a computer program company executive, Elias Shahvar, who sued ASP Computer Products Inc., which he had co-founded, after the company dismissed him.
The Vatican's chief spokesman, Joaquin Navarro-Valls, said in a statement that the visit was being postponed until November 1995 because the pope had been ``advised not to intensify his activities in this period following orthopedic surgery.'' Doctors inserted metal alloy replacements for parts of a broken right femur, or thighbone, after the pope's fall in April.
``The doctors are insisting that they want a functional recovery of the leg and of their patient.'' That assessment contrasted sharply with comments by Navarro-Valls in August, after the pope seemed to grimace with pain while descending from a platform during a vacation in northern Italy.
Despite the Vatican's assurances about the general state of his health, pope John Paul's medical problems and weak appearance have drastically remolded the image of dynamism and vigor he projected after assuming the papacy in 1978, at the relatively youthful age of 58.
The other two were visits to Sicily, which had been scheduled to take place shortly after he broke his leg, and to Belgium.
Raoul Cedras took these compliments and the invitation to hang around in office for another month as the perfect moment to show Haitians that he intended to be a power long after the month was up.
(He was fired after a rebellion of senior managers at Sunbeam.) But it is difficult to see what he is up to this time.
``He invented the plan, so I am going to vote for him'' Jorge Soares, an itinerant candy vendor, said after Cardoso's helicopter clattered into the air, blowing red geranium petals into the hotel pool.
Before, a sack of cement cost 30 one day, 35 the next.'' To da Silva and his 20 million supporters, it is highly suspicious that after five years of high inflation Brazil's government is magically creating financial stability the month before general elections.
Shortly after returning to Brazil in 1968, he was barred by the military from teaching at public universities.
The president stressed ``his firm commitment to opening Japanese markets to American goods and services,'' the White House said after the meeting with Kono.
And after signals that the administration is preparing to impose sanctions on Japan in glass, where Japan has maintained an almost entirely closed market that freezes out all U.S. glass makers, the Japanese side Thursday night suddenly sent their senior glass negotiator from the Ministry of Industry and Trade in Tokyo to try to work out a deal with Washington.
ITALY BEGINS CRACKDOWN ON LOAN SHARKS TURIN, Italy  (BC-ITALY-LOAN-SHARKS-500&ADD-NYT) Ciro Tronnolone, 44, an ex-convict, was arrested at the Porta Susa train station this summer after he was denounced for usury.
In Bergamo, eight people were arrested recently for organizing a money-lending business asking interest rates of 300 to 500 percent, after one borrower hanged himself when he couldn't meet payments.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Whatever the truth, this week's news from Turin must have troubled the banks, after the police raided local offices of Banca Commerciale Italiana, Italy's fifth-largest, and a local savings and loan called Ceriana Brothers, pursuing evidence obtained earlier this summer when they landed a major loan shark named Giuseppe Mazzone, the 40-year-old owner of a finance company called Group Financial Broker.
``He collected a lot of people,'' said Philip Martyn, a London businessman who recalled that he had been added to the collection in the 1970s after he returned some credit cards Gerulaitis had dropped one night at Annabel's, a club in London.
As Stan Ross, a longtime golfing friend, told it, it began after his 4-year-old son Jonathan asked, ``Why is Then, Ross continued, Gerulaitis invited Jonathan on a tour of the Open's television studios, and after the 4-year-old and the 40-year-old had hit every hot dog and ice cream stand, even Jonathan knew why his friend Vitas was special.
MARINES MOVE TO STEM VIOLENCE IN CAP-HAITIEN CAP-HAITIEN, Haiti  (BC-HAITI-MARINES-NYT) American marines tightened security in Haiti's second largest city Thursday after Haitian police officers late Wednesday clubbed and fired into a jubilant crowd of civilians trailing two Marine trucks.
Jones angrily summoned Josaphat to his compound early Thursday morning to have him explain why four Haitian police officers beat and then fired into a crowd after two Marine trucks broadcast messages in Creole explaining America's role here.
Then, after running the press office for the Democratic National Convention in Atlanta that summer, McCurry emerged as press secretary for Democratic vice-presidential hopeful Lloyd Bentsen, now Clinton's Treasury Secretary.
Three months after Kerrey's primary foe, Bill Clinton, was inaugurated, McCurry became Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs and department spokesman.
Several officials said it would be wiser to wait until after Russia's parliament ratifies the Second Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty.
Clinton senior adviser George Stephanopoulos is expected to get a new job with less access to the president, and Clinton aide Bruce Lindsey, a lawyer who looks after many of Clinton's personal affairs, is likely to be moved to the White House counsel's office.
The cause of death was internal bleeding after a fall at home last week, said Timothy Corrigan, a grandson.
He was censured by the House of Bishops of the Episcopal Church in 1974 after he participated in the ordination of 11 women deacons to the priesthood.
An arbitrator would have to decide, after a hearing, if the club had been in default.
The factual situations are different.'' Ausanio, a rookie relief pitcher promoted from the minors in mid-July, was optioned to Class AAA Columbus after pitching against Toronto -- and incurring the loss -- Aug.
The best line of the day came after Rep.
He became the frontrunner only after the others removed themselves from consideration, just as his recruits became bona fide college football players only after he risked a scholarship on them.
He is a menace after the ball snaps, and containing his pursuit requires more creativity sometimes than the rules allow.
That's those guys' problem, because everybody in the country would love to have a Tedy Bruschi.'' Bruschi, recruited only by BYU and Washington State after Arizona, and Sanders (Colorado State was his only other courter) are Arizona prototypes: Short on size (for their positions), big on adrenaline and completely uninhibited.
But next year and the year after bring the promise of a harsher outcome for Clinton.
The Vatican's chief spokesman, Joaquin Navarro-Valls, said in a statement that the visit was being postponed until November 1995 because the pope had been ``advised not to intensify his activities in this period following orthopedic surgery.'' Doctors inserted metal alloy replacements for parts of a broken right femur, or thighbone, after the pope's fall in April.
``The doctors are insisting that they want a functional recovery of the leg and of their patient.'' That assessment contrasted sharply with comments by Navarro-Valls in August, after the pope seemed to grimace with pain while descending from a platform during a vacation in northern Italy.
Despite the Vatican's assurances about the general state of his health, pope John Paul's medical problems and weak appearance have drastically remolded the image of dynamism and vigor he projected after assuming the papacy in 1978, at the relatively youthful age of 58.
The other two were visits to Sicily, which had been scheduled to take place shortly after he broke his leg, and to Belgium.
Then, after sitting quiet for a minute, he added: ``No, that's not going to happen again.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
It has spread from an examination of President Clinton's real estate dealings in Arkansas into a complex investigation of events that occurred before and after Clinton was elected president.
``I leaned over to Craig Biggio in the hearing and said, `We're winning, aren't we?' '' pitcher Bob Tewksbury of the Cardinals said after the hearing, which was attended by eight players, including Dodgers pitcher Orel Hershiser, who testified.
``The one thing that's always been evident about Derrick Thomas,'' Schottenheimer said, ``is that he has great pride in everything he does, great pride in himself as a player.'' Thomas and Schottenheimer talked after the season when the two were in Hawaii for the Pro Bowl.
MARINES TIGHTEN SECURITY IN HAITI'S SECOND-BIGGEST CITY CAP-HAITIEN, Haiti  (BC-HAITI-CAPHAITIEN-NYT) U.S. marines tightened security in Haiti's second largest city Thursday after Haitian police officers late Wednesday clubbed and fired into a jubilant crowd of civilians trailing two Marine trucks.
Jones angrily summoned Colonel Josaphat to his compound early this morning to have him explain why four Haitian police officers beat and then fired into a crowd after two Marine trucks broadcast messages in Creole explaining America's role in Haiti.
SENATE HEALTH BILL LIVES FOR ANOTHER DAY WASHINGTON  (BC-HEALTH-CONGRESS-500&ADD-NYT) The lingering hopes for major health care legislation survived Thursday for another day after several Republican senators told colleagues that they might be prepared to help force a vote on a compromise bill, but not until after at least several days of debate.
Chafee, R-R.I., a leader of the self-styled mainstream coalition, is understood to have told Mitchell that while no more than four Republican senators would vote for cloture as soon as the bill was put before the Senate, a few more like Cohen would be willing to do so after several days of debate.
Rockefeller IV, D-W.Va., said after a meeting with Mitchell.
This became unmistakably clear after the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait, when many lawmakers wanted to ignore international aggression in a region that even Jimmy Carter had pledged to protect.
It was the leading trader, or market maker, in more than a dozen small stocks, and those securities plunged in price after the firm's problems became known.
Blech, which had gained a reputation as the financier eager to back start-up biotech firms as well as some computer companies, had to close after it announced that it did not have enough capital to meet the rules set by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
NATO AIRCRAFT STRIKE SERBS NEAR SARAJEVO SARAJEVO, Bosnia and Herzegovina  (BC-YUGOSLAVIA-BOSNIA-525&ADD-NYT) NATO aircraft struck Thursday at Serbian targets near Sarajevo after U.N. troops patrolling the city came under Serbian machine-gun and rocket fire.
Yasushi Akashi, the top U.N. official in the former Yugoslavia, authorized the NATO raid after two French soldiers in the U.N. force were wounded Thursday in four separate attacks by Bosnian Serbs.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Soubirou said after the raid, ``All future attacks on United Nations forces will be met with the appropriate and proportional use of military force.'' One of the French soldiers was wounded Thursday by machine-gun fire near the Holiday Inn in the center of town.
``He's desperately grasping at straws to explain away his failed leadership,'' Gulotta said in a separate interview, adding it may be time for Mondello to step down after a decade in power.
The dispute has turned even uglier in the last week, after the party's candidate for Congress, Rep.
Margiotta, the legendary Republican leader who served 14 months in prison in the mid-1980s after being convicted of mail fraud, is getting into the act, arguing that the defeat of Levy is a clear sign Mondello is out of touch.
``When you are a political leader, desperately trying to keep your job after losing successive elections, it is obvious that he will try to blame everyone else for his failures rather than facing reality,'' Gulotta said.
If there's a smoking gun, why doesn't he go for it?'' Elena Stern, a spokeswoman for Garamendi, said it was unlikely that any action would be taken against the companies until after Garamendi leaves office in January.
But for months, some White House and State Department officials below them have quietly waged a bureaucratic low-intensity conflict, amid widespread predictions that Clinton would replace either Christopher or Lake or both of them after the mid-term elections.
23: Suppose Congress had handed President Clinton shortly after he took office a health care bill that would subsidize coverage for all poor families and low-income children, guarantee sick people affordable premiums, create a long-term care program and prohibit insurers from taking coverage away from workers who change jobs.
The U.S. military plans for Haiti were rapidly changed after former President Jimmy Carter and won an unexpected agreement from Lt. Gen.
David Meade, the commander of the 10th Mountain Division, the main Army unit here, discussing how the military had changed its tactics after Carter's accord was achieved.
The reality changed again Tuesday, or more precisely, Wednesday morning when officials in Washington came to work after vivid television and newspaper reports of the Haitian police still beating people and killing a coconut vendor in front of U.S. soldiers, vowing that this must not happen again.
He is known for his wry and witty sense of humor, and after months in which Clinton complained to aides that the public does not hear enough about his accomplishments, senior officials said Thursday that Panetta believed that moving McCurry to the White House could help accomplish that task with ease and authority.
The prospect that Ms. Myers, who after Hillary Rodham Clinton is the administration's most visible woman, will be replaced comes in the wake of some quiet changes and an anticipation of more to come that have left other women in the White House embittered.
And after months in which Clinton has turned to men like Panetta, Lloyd Cutler, Tony Coelho and Abner Mikva to fill prominent vacancies in his inner circle, there was considerable grousing Thursday among female White House staff members, who share with Ms. Myers the view that women have been given too little access to decision-making.
``He collected a lot of people,'' said Philip Martyn, a London businessman who recalled that he had been added to the collection in the 1970s after he returned some credit cards Gerulaitis had dropped one night at Annabel's, a club in London.
As Stan Ross, a longtime golfing friend, told it, it began after his 4-year-old son Jonathan asked, ``Why is Then, Ross continued, Gerulaitis invited Jonathan on a tour of the Open's television studios, and after the 4-year-old and the 40-year-old had hit every hot dog and ice cream stand, even Jonathan knew why his friend Vitas was special.
``But I can't believe that everything in those files is vital to national security, not two years after the whole episode has been over.'' The suit said that the CIA ``would `neither confirm nor deny the existence or non-existence' of any responsive records.'' Telephone calls seeking comment from some of the agencies were not immediately returned, the AP said.
``The regular drill and annual training schedule will resume after 1 October,'' she said.
	Lavrov enrolled her in a parochial school in Manhattan but after two days decided it was not the right choice.
The operation relieved pressure from fluid that built up after he had fallen in his bathtub at his Beverly Hills home July 13.
``It didn't work out for us with Ronnie coming here,'' said Maloney, who obtained Hextall shortly after losing Glenn Healy in the expansion draft in June 1993.
HINCHE, Haiti  (BC-HAITI-SCENE-ART-640&ADD-NYT) Three days after U.S. forces landed on Haitian soil, Haitian soldiers and civilians in this rugged farming town in the plains north of the capital say they would welcome the presence of troops here, each group for different reasons.
Though the radios were intended for civilians, soldiers confiscated them after they were dropped, keeping what they needed and selling the rest, residents said.
``You're taking care of one person and you have five or six other people crying out to you,'' she said, adding that the hospital is so understaffed that she recently injured her back and was out for eight days after trying without the help she needed to turn an overweight woman over in bed.
``Our strategy for Sundays is to go after family viewing,'' said Rick Gentile, a senior vice president of CBS Sports.
DOROTHY DEHNER, SCULPTOR, DIES AT 92  (BC-DEHNER-OBIT-NYT) Dorothy Dehner, a gifted sculptor of Surrealist and geometric abstractions in bronze and wood, whose professional career began in the 1950s after a stormy marriage to David Smith, the New York School artist, was found dead Thursday in a stairwell outside her apartment in Manhattan.
The defenseman complained of pain after practice Thursday, said Coach Colin Campbell.
Here's a zinger from coach Art Shell: ``He's playing like a Pro Bowl player.'' And this rip from receiver Tim Brown: ``I told his wife last week, `Pack your bags for Hawaii (site of the Pro Bowl),' because after that game I think he proved he is probably the top defensive back in the AFC.'' When informed of the comments, McDaniel acts like a receiver has just beaten him deep.
His first fumble recovery came after Albert Lewis stripped Leonard Russell of the ball in the third quarter.
``It's not fair; they don't understand,'' Johnson said as she rushed into a room adjoining the court after hearing her sentence.
The women told police that Obasi's eyes were gouged out after they went to pray for her at the home of Mattie Bradfield, a resident of the Oak Cliff section of Dallas.
However, shortly after she was blinded, Obasi told police that her sisters gouged out her eyes, according to Dallas Police Det.
Obasi was questioned by police at Parkland Memorial Hospital, where her sisters took her after she was blinded.
At a brief news conference after the sentencing, Obasi said that she and her sisters were all victims.
``It's an adjustment that I'll have to make.'' The women testified during the trial that they fled their home after visiting Benny Morgan, a hoodoo man in Louisiana, on the advice of their father to solve a family conflict.
The sisters ended up in Dallas after leaving their home in Arcadia, a town of fewer than 4,000 people, on March 17.
LONDON HIT BY CRITICISM FOR ATTACKS ON PATAKI  (BC-NY-COMPTROLLER-CAMPAIGN-NYT) A day after Herbert London, the New York Republican comptroller candidate, declared his independence from the head of his own ticket, he got a taste of what independence means: a donor canceled a $10,000 check, a fund-raising event was put into jeopardy and supporters asked why London would endanger party unity with his attack on state Sen.
``For something put together not long after he went to his grave, what we did is the correct length,'' says Frank Deford, the highly esteemed sports scribe who not only wrote but provided some narration and home movie clips for the piece that HBO airs Tuesday (10 p.m., with repeats Thursday and Oct.
``Arthur might be embarrassed by all this attention, but he'd realize that we did this for (wife) Jeanne and (daughter) Camera, and he didn't live to see his causes go to his grave.'' The Pac-10, whose TV contract with Raycom ends after the '94-'95 season, would fill in the late spot in the current ESPN-created Big East-Big Ten-Big West tripleheader.
The Big West, which changed its name from the Pacific Coast Athletic Conference in part as a marketing gimmick to get on ``Big Monday'' telecasts, sees its contract with ESPN ending after this season.
Former KMPC overnight/late- night/morning man maniac Fred Wallin, the Richard Lewis of sports talk, who seized the moment to stir up some controversy while the station scrambled to get Jim Rome's show kickstarted by about 1:30 p.m. ``You wouldn't believe all the faxes we got about Wallin,'' Rome said after his show.
-- The Detroit Tigers' walkout after Ty Cobb's 1912 suspension is described as ``the first players' strike in baseball history.'' In fact as far back as 1889, members of the Louisville team of the American Association struck when they did not receive their pay.
``I knew everything about baseball through 1962 after reading that,'' the 35-year-old said, who also admits to owning every Topps baseball card made since 1952.
Investors were heartened after Alan Greenspan, the Fed chief, said economic growth was slowing.
And after we moved out here, he was always the first in line for parking at Dodger Stadium.
Charley Greene was the coach in 1972 and '73, but stepped down after he lost three games in those two seasons.
It has spread from an examination of President Clinton's real estate dealings in Arkansas into a complex investigation of events that occurred before and after Clinton was elected president.
Lois, 63, and Veru, 67, have been the sole shareholders in Lois/USA for the last three years, after buying out GGK, a Zurich-based holding company that held an 80 percent equity interest in the agency.
He was written off after two games.
That much became certain yesterday when NCAA officials reinstated Pinkney's eligibility after a two-game suspension.
Longhorns receivers have dropped four passes this season, and two were made by Adams in a 30-16 victory against Louisville, which was his first game back after a one-game NCAA suspension.
``With Eric Jackson, what's impressive is his yardage after the catch.'' But it is Curtis Jackson, a converted running back, who has been the most pleasant surprise, Bryant said.
I'm looking forward to playing there and making things turn out a little better this time.'' Adams, who played as a freshman in the 1992 game, faces high expectations after torching TCU for a career-high 10 catches for 151 yards and two touchdowns in last season's 24-3 Longhorns victory.
The NCAA restored Pinkney's eligibility yesterday after he was suspended from the Longhorns' first two games.
``They're all awesome,'' he said, ``and they look like clones; it's like they never graduate.'' Wounded, evidently, to the quick, Spurrier shot back: ``That's a good little cop-out for coaches who are not winning.'' But after watching his clones, er, Gators roll over the Vols, 31-0, Spurrier had an attack of sheepishness.
If and when Dodge Laramie II is finally ridden, the payoff will surpass the highest bounty ever paid in the Dodge Trucks Bull Program, a $17,000 award made to Joe Wimberly of Cool after a qualified ride on Dodge Dakota in 1992 at Mesquite.
``He did it to me again,'' Larry Mynarcik of Huntsville said, after failing to cash in on his fourth attempt aboard Laramie II.
``I've seen people standing on the 4-foot platform behind the bucking chutes looking up at the cowboy after he's been bucked off,'' Beckman said.
Gay initiated that rule after noticing cowboys who did not draw the bounty bull -- and the chance at a hefty paycheck -- often didn't show up.
Republicans say they are rescuing the country from bad laws, postponing action until after the November election, when they say Congress will assume a decidedly more Republican hue.
Dick Armey, the Texas conservative who is chairman of the House Republican Conference, boasted, ``We expect to have a majority of both bodies after this election is over.'' Republicans have no qualms about obstructing legislation, Armey said.
LIBERTY SHIP RETURNING TO S.F. AFTER ROUND-TRIP TO D-DAY AT SEA ABOARD THE JEREMIAH O'BRIEN  (BC-SHIP-DDAY-425&ADD-SFCHRON) The 51-year-old ship, last seagoing survivor of 2,571 World War II Liberty Ships, sails under the Golden Gate Bridge at 8 this morning, back home after a voyage halfway around the world to Europe and back, manned by a crew of volunteers, most of them war veterans.
``Not that it's ending,'' he said, ``but that we did it.'' Going to sea is not a novelty to him, not after years at sea.
2 after 23 years with the agency.
Kobs & Draft was awarded the account after a monthlong review that also included three undisclosed agencies.
	The Haagen-Dazs Co. has placed its account in review after the company and BBDO New York, its agency of the last four years, mutually agreed to part ways.
The Americans, poised one moment to annihilate the Haitian armed forces, are now to work with them in ``close cooperation.'' Days after Clinton had described Haiti's leaders as murderers, rapists and thugs, the Americans are now bound to them by ties of ``mutual respect.'' The last time Carter found such evidence of willingness in Haiti's leaders, it was when they ``performed in a superb fashion'' during the elections of 1990 -- elections whose results they promptly squashed.
Pointedly, Aristide's statement on the day after the occupation did not mention the agreement.
The Americans, poised one moment to annihilate the Haitian armed forces, are now to work with them in ``close cooperation.'' Days after Clinton had described Haiti's leaders as murderers, rapists and thugs, the Americans are now bound to them by ties of ``mutual respect.'' The last time Carter found such evidence of willingness in Haiti's leaders, it was when they ``performed in a superb fashion'' during the elections of 1990 -- elections whose results they promptly squashed.
Pointedly, Aristide's statement on the day after the occupation did not mention the agreement.
IT'S `TIME TO GIVE HEALTH-CARE REFORM A DECENT BURIAL' WASHINGTON  (BC-GRAVE-HEALTHCARE-ECONOMIST) The end came slowly, after great pain.
Exhausted surgeons applied jolt after jolt to the patient's heart.
IT'S `TIME TO GIVE HEALTH-CARE REFORM A DECENT BURIAL' WASHINGTON  (BC-GRAVE-HEALTHCARE-ECONOMIST) The end came slowly, after great pain.
Exhausted surgeons applied jolt after jolt to the patient's heart.
Three days after Clinton had revolted Americans with photographs of atrocities committed by Cedras's thugs, Carter painted an entirely different picture.
Three days after Clinton had revolted Americans with photographs of atrocities committed by Cedras's thugs, Carter painted an entirely different picture.
Three days after Clinton had revolted Americans with photographs of atrocities committed by Cedras's thugs, Carter painted an entirely different picture.
General Aideed has invited leaders from the warring clans to a meeting at his house, rebuilt after it was bombed flat by American aircraft last year.
General Aideed has invited leaders from the warring clans to a meeting at his house, rebuilt after it was bombed flat by American aircraft last year.
True, after three years of recession, worldwide sales may jump by around 6-7 percent next year.
True, after three years of recession, worldwide sales may jump by around 6-7 percent next year.
A few days after Hemingway's death, the fishermen gathered to mourn their old friend.
Still, it would take a decade for Hemingway -- after sojurns to Key West and Spain -- to team with Fuentes.
Today, 40 years after the book won Hemingway the Nobel Prize, the old man now seems embodied by Fuentes.
DRAMA IN REAL LIFE: Former Atlanta writer Frances Patton Statham (``The Roswell Women'') is back at work after successful liver transplant surgery at Emory last spring.
NEW EDITIONS PAPERBACK FICTION: ``To the White Sea'' by James Dickey (Delta, $11.95): An American tail gunner attempts to elude the Japanese after parachuting from his burning plane into Tokyo in the final months of World War II.
They can't tell their parents how they feel because that upsets their parents, and they don't want (them) to cry anymore.'' Melanie Banks, 17, says she was numb after her brother, Ryan, committed suicide in June 1993.
Plus, there was the incident when he fired a gun into the air at a supermarket after a squabble with his aforementioned girlfriend, because somebody was ``questioning (his) manhood.'' Then there are Rison's ``guarantees'' before games.
Not only that, but after this, his sixth season, league historians will utter something similar.
``The more adversity I have, the stronger I become as a person,'' says Rison, sitting at his locker after practice.
Just like during the middle of the Rams game (in which the Falcons won 31-13 earlier this season after Rison predicted a victory during the week), I started to talk to myself by saying, `Oh, no, Andre.
The point is that Rison functions well in turmoil, especially after he invents these little enemies before, during and after games.
Al Jackson, a 6-foot-3, 260-pound defensive lineman, transferred to Tech after five days of pre-season practice at Wisconsin, where he would have started.
But even after 50 years, it's still the same old story: a boy and his wonder-dog.
The movie initially centers on Mousie (Seidy Lopez) and Sad Girl (Angel Aviles), childhood pals who become bitter enemies after being impregnated by the same guy.
Even sugar is available now, after last year's shortage drove prices sky-high.
As soon as 60 to 70 people remain after questioning, 12 are placed in the jury box and lawyers for both prosecution and defense take turns using ``peremptory'' challenges, meaning they can dismiss jurors without giving any reason to the judge.
Watching the video clips of Joe Carter hit the home run that won the 1993 World Series for Toronto or Nolan Ryan finish his seventh no-hit, no-run game or Kirk Gibson hobble around the bases after hitting the home run to defeat the Oakland A's in the first game of the 1988 World Series should send chills through a body.
Best-sellerdom might seem to be expected these days for an Irving novel, after such popular successes as ``The Hotel New Hampshire'' and ``The Cider House Rules.'' But not to the author himself.
That, in turn, led to a visit to India for several weeks, with total immersion in the people and places that he would bring alive in the novel, interview after interview set up by friends and experts.
``That's why I would feel as if I were a lazy, indulgent slob if I did not force myself into writing one novel after another.
He also spent nine months under house arrest after the communists took control, but he eventually was called into service as an economic adviser, a position he still holds.
``It took me five weeks just to get a completed resume done and two to three days to have any letter typed up, unless I received special permission for a rush job from our outplacement office manager,'' recalled one top salesperson for a large brokerage firm who spent ``11 months and 29 days'' at one of Lee Hecht Harrison's offices after he lost a similar job.
Barra, senior vice president and manager of Lee Hecht Harrison, acknowledges that ``there is a tendency for people to look at a resume and say that this smells of outplacement, especially if it's on ivory-colored paper.'' Still, even moderate support services are valuable, she said, citing business people who want to continue their phone lines wven after their contracts end.
Just exactly where is it that homicidal ayatollahs go after they've finished slaughtering people here on earth?
Although Pennsylvania could lose another congressional seat -- it already lost one seat after the 1990 census -- the changes may not be such as bad thing for the Key Stone state, said David Stone, an aide to U.S. Sen.
But they are approaching the problem in the wrong way.'' Bailey reported Stacy to the State Commission on Judicial Conduct after he issued orders from his home on May 7 declaring several citizens ``sovereigns,'' and therefore not subject to the laws of Texas and the United States.
We have to have laws to hold the system together.'' In its ruling Wednesday, the judicial commission said that Stacy had shown ``a lack of competence in the most fundamental principles of law'' and had acted with ``gross indifference to his conduct and with specific intent to use the powers of his office to accomplish a purpose which he knew or should have known was beyond the legitimate exercise of his authority.'' On Thursday, the one-term, lame-duck county judge -- he was defeated in a Republican primary runoff this spring -- defended his signing of the orders as a proper interpretation of the U.S. Constitution and called the reprimand ``a continuation of the Austin vendetta against Republicans.'' He said he voided the orders after he was advised he did not follow proper judicial procedure, but he said the issue may resurface before he leaves office Dec.
The old Scoutmaster paused after telling the chicken story.
Mike Reynolds, the Fresno photographer who authored the law after his daughter's murder, accused Rand researcher Peter Greenwood, the study's author, of bias.
``For each year after the implementation of the mandated longer sentences, the state will have to use all available dollars for the three strikes law, and then find between $630 million and $1.8 billion to maintain the increased prison population,'' the center's study concluded.
Universal Health Services, a public company based in King of Prussia, Pa., which owns and operates hospitals, has modified its nonqualified compensation plan, which was established after the Tax Reform Act of 1986, said Nancy Kurtzman, the director of employee benefits.
A $1 million payout could be reduced to say $500,000 after taxes.
Before that, salaries had been paid by a handful of benefactors, including Babe Paley, Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis and Jane Engelhard, who later became de la Renta's mother-in-law after his marriage to her daughter, Annette.
And when he returned to MCI in January after an eight-year absence, he was, by his own account, eager to build something again.
He plans to build 12 theaters for live music performances (self-consciously patterned after Branson, Mo., and its country music halls), restaurants, food shops and ``one-of-a-kind shops,'' by which I suppose he means ``Spam R Us,'' ``Mr. Fixit Again: Repairs for Your Repairs'' and ``The Veterinary and Taxidermy Store: Either Way You Get Your Dog Back.'' If a Garlic Country USA theme park can make a go of it, it's clear that Americans will spend entertainment dollars on almost anything.
Not all these small-niche theme parks, of course, have to be patterned after vegetables.
And some theme parks could pattern themselves after other agricultural products.
During a recent trip to San Diego, Cerf and his friends were about to leave a tony restaurant after deciding the wine list was too weak.
Thousands of labor hours and tax dollars after its inception, some are wondering if the effort has been a success.
That's why Barnes, 51, spent much of last week on talk shows and at news conferences, trying to explain Aristide's mystifying, aggravating silence after American troops landed in Haiti last Monday to prepare for his return as president.
Specifically, Barnes said, Aristide didn't expect the Carter-Cedras pact to: -- Allow Cedras to remain in power for another month; -- Allow the Haitian military under his control to retain their weapons; -- Allow Cedras to remain in Haiti after he steps down.
His relationship with Aristide began in 1991 when he volunteered free legal assistance to Aristide after the September coup that year.
Barnes, who said he began getting threatening phone calls and letters soon after he took Aristide as a client, said he is ``cynical'' about Cedras' promise to step down in October.
	Contractors said after the vote that the world's first magnetic levitation train could go into service in ten years, linking Germany's two largest cities, Berlin and Hamburg.
	Van Damme was arrested at Changi Airport in Singapore in September 1991 after the police found 9.5 pounds of heroin hidden in his suitcase.
He was taken into custody shortly after he arrived at the airport from Thailand, a major transshipment point for narcotics, in transit to a flight to Athens.
These initiatives gained new impetus after the Center for Science in the Public Interest, a consumer group in Washington with 750,000 members, detonated traditional Mexican food in the latest of its exposes.
Although sales were down at Acapulco and other Mexican restaurants after the Center for Science report was released, not everyone turned away.
``We've heard anecdotally the day after the report that some die-hards had cravings for Mexican food,'' said Wendy Webster, a spokeswoman for the National Restaurant Association.
``The real challenge is to deliver a very tasty product, one that provides maximum taste appeal with a minimum amount of fat.'' For managers, the bottom line, after all, is to make money from health-Mex.
She was discovered by White and Johanson in Ethio pia in 1978 and named after Lucy in the Beatles tune ``Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds.'' The newest find, A.
	The ruling came moments after Ito threatened to restrict electronic news coverage of the trial because of what he called erroneous reports by a Los Angeles television station that DNA evidence linked Simpson to the slayings of his ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend, Ronald L.
Panetta, the White House chief of staff, Ms. Myers' immediate fate was decided only after an emotional meeting Thursday evening in which she told Clinton that she would resign if she were replaced, administration officials said Friday.
``And Life Goes On'' is also a largely improvised quasi-documentary, shot in the same area only days after a major earthquake.
``And the president said, `You have it,' '' Panetta told reporters shortly after becoming Clinton's new chief of staff.
The men wear suits and ties, the lush jungle decor evokes a Rousseau painting after innocence has been lost, and everything is nearly respectable.
And a handsome, sad-looking man named Francis (Bruce Greenwood) turns Christina's table dances into a strange private ritual, night after night repeating the same question, ``How could anyone hurt you?'' This sounds like the stuff of torrid melodrama, but Egoyan leaves any hint of banality in the dust.
The announcement follows Thursday's news that Blech didn't open for business after Bear, Stearns & Co., Blech's clearing agent, denied the firm access to the Nasdaq trading system because Blech wasn't able to prove compliance with Securities and Exchange Commission net capital rules.
Volume was 4.16 million shares Friday afternoon, after trading only a few hours.
Shaner, which is being underwritten by Salomon Brothers and co-underwritten by Morgan Keegan, owns everything from a Sheraton to a Comfort Inn that it recently bought from the government, which acquired the motel after its owners failed to pay taxes.
(NSDQ:EXTR) may restate earnings and stockholders' equity downward for 1993 and the first half of 1994 after its independent auditor, Coopers & Lybrand, resigned and withdrew its report covering Exstar's financial statements for 1993.
Van Damme was arrested at Singapore airport in September 1991 after the police found 9.5 pounds of heroin hidden in his suitcase.
He was taken into custody shortly after he arrived from Thailand, a major shipment point for narcotics, in transit to a flight to Athens.
His assertion of innocence seemed to gain some credibility after the Dutch foreign ministry confirmed earlier this month that Van Damme had been in contact with the intelligence agency just before his arrest in Singapore.
Fay, received four lashes with a bamboo cane after he confessed to charges of spray-painting cars.
Freehill left Singapore after paying a fine.
Rather than soliciting individual homeowners, he is trying to reach large numbers by arranging with their insurance companies to provide his services after natural disasters.
Immediately after Hurricane Andrew in August 1992, for example, homeowners lucky enough to still have a structure worth protecting were left to make their own arrangements for stop-gap temporary repairs, like boarding up windows and spreading tarpaulines over damaged roofs.
With help from Union Carbide, a manufacturer of the material used to make the plastic sheet, Seraphin built temporary shelters in Armenia -- and again in Iran after an earthquake a few years later.
According to his spokesman, Joaquin Navarro-Valls, the only reason the pope postponed next month's trip to the United States was to complete his convalescence after breaking his leg last April.
And, after all, this is just the exhibition season; with 16 teams making the Stanley Cup playoffs, it's difficult enough to be motivated in 84 games during the regular season, let alone games that don't count.
Yet the Rangers' lackluster play so far during a three-game Western road trip left their coach, Colin Campbell, quietly seething after Thursday night's 3-0 loss to the San Jose Sharks in a neutral-site exhibition game in Sacramento, Calif.
That was the second consecutive night the Rangers had failed to score -- they lost to the Los Angeles Kings by 1-0 on Wednesday -- and it moved Campbell to eviscerate his players calmly in a closed meeting after the game.
It was my first job in America after 14 years in the Far East, and my lack of familiarity with this concept was cause for skepticism.
CEASE-FIRE A BOON FOR BINGO IN BELFAST BELFAST, Northern Ireland  (BC-BELFAST-BINGO-NYT) Three weeks after the start of the Irish Republican Army cease-fire, the signs of peace in Belfast are as easy to find as the New Vic Bingo Hall downtown.
The FBI announced the search after federal charges were issued against a drifter named Phillip Dean Fleming, 45.
PANDAS THRIVE IN MEXICO CITY'S CHAPULTEPEC PARK ZOO MEXICO CITY  (BC-MEXICO-ZOO-HNS) The lion may be king everywhere else, but at the Chapultepec Park Zoo, the pandas are still the star attraction nearly 20 years after the first pair -- Pe-Pe and Ying-Ying -- arrived in Mexico.
2 after two years of renovations that zoo director Maria Elena Hoyo compared to remodeling a house with the inhabitants inside while an army of carpenters is working around-the-clock.
RACE WALKERS BLAST PROPOSED OLYMPIC COURSE ATLANTA  (BC-OLY-OLYMPICS-MCDONALDS-NYT) Atlanta Olympic officials were forced to concede problems Friday in their first test event for the 1996 Olympic Games after a group of race walkers severely criticized the proposed Olympic course for their sport.
PANDAS THRIVE IN MEXICO CITY'S CHAPULTEPEC PARK ZOO MEXICO CITY  (BC-MEXICO-CITY-ZOO-HNS) The lion may be king everywhere else, but at the Chapultepec Park Zoo, the pandas are still the star attraction nearly 20 years after the first pair -- Pe-Pe and Ying-Ying -- arrived in Mexico.
2 after two years of renovations that zoo director Maria Elena Hoyo compared to remodeling a house with the inhabitants inside while an army of carpenters is working around-the-clock.
``With doll houses, that's what I can do.'' Well, then again, maybe she and Ibsen's Nora aren't so different after all.
``The people we worked with were the first generation after `Twenty-One,' and my sense is that that group of television producers learned a lot from that lesson,'' Linde said.
For example, a common problem in psychiatry is determining when a patient is doing better or worse after being given a drug; the judgment can be highly subjective.
The agency will accept public comments on the proposal for 90 days, after which changes may be made and the rule made final.
The last-minute attention to the border here is the Clinton administration's contribution to the campaign against Proposition 187, after pleas for help from California Democratic candidates, almost all of whom oppose the measure.
2ND GENERATION REFUGEES FILL RWANDA'S CAPITAL KIGALI, Rwanda  (BC-RWANDA-RECLAIM-500&add-NYT) When Penninah Mbabazi drove into Kigali in mid-July, barely a week after the capital had fallen to the rebel army, she stopped to check out a deserted and looted building that had once been a nightclub.
As two million Hutu, fearing reprisals after the killings of more than 500,000 Tutsi by Hutu militias, took refuge in Zaire and Tanzania in recent months, Tutsi refugees who had spent more than 30 years in Burundi, Zaire and Uganda began returning.
In a Field Poll released last week, and taken shortly after the Times sampling, Wilson held a 7 point lead among likely voters, 48 percent to 41 percent.
The security of Russia's massive inventories of nuclear weapons fuel has come under fire this summer after German authorities intercepted four attempted deliveries of nuclear materials smuggled from Russia.
Digital Equipment dropped 2~, to 25~, after Paine Webber reduced its rating to ``neutral'' from ``buy.'' Intel declined 1\, to 63\ as a result of a lowered earnings estimate by Montgomery Securities.
And Discount Auto Parts plunged 5\, to 17], after announcing fiscal first-quarter earnings below analyst estimates.
On the other hand, several small-capitalization biotechnology stocks rebounded after plunging Thursday when D.
Myers made her triumphant comeback after making a last-minute plea to the president Thursday night.
``But he loved all of the children too.'' But after Aristide's ouster, bringing presents for his children or simply making ends meet became a luxury that Mr. Dede could only dream about, his wife said.
Jean-Dede said she had begun to worry about her husband on Tuesday when he had not returned after an absence of three hours.
A few pure Republicans actually believe in doing nothing and denounce Ronald Reagan for doing something after he'd posed as one of them, as one of the pure who think everything government has done since Herbert Hoover did nothing about the Great Depression has been catastrophic and ought to be undone so modern government can shut down and go home for good.
To be sure, it had a bad week last week, after initially ignoring the latest spike in interest rates.
The last-minute attention to the border here is the Clinton administration's contribution to the campaign against Proposition 187, after pleas for help from California Democratic candidates, almost all of whom oppose the measure.
In a Field Poll released last week, and taken shortly after the Times sampling, Wilson held a 7 point lead among likely voters, 48 percent to 41 percent.
This meeting came two weeks to the day after the owners rejected the players' tax plan in what were the last formal bargaining sessions.
But the Orioles' shortstop said after the meeting, ``If it's replacement players, it's not major league baseball and I won't be playing.'' Ryan Thompson of the Mets, leaning on a crutch following knee surgery earlier this week, doesn't have a streak going, but he echoed Ripken's sentiments.
On Friday, the price of gold in London jumped $2, to $395.70 an ounce, a 1994 high, after a steady run-up since Aug.
And it sagged after touching the $390 level in March and June.
Now, they return home after being trounced at Miami to face the Chicago Bears.
He has, as usual, worked hard after practice.
At Nebraska, he explains (not with false modesty), ``If it was third-and-ten, I'd come in and score a touchdown.'' ``With my ability,'' he said, ``I see myself having such a high average because of what I get after the catch.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Breaux, who joined the Jets this year after four Super Bowl appearances coaching the Washington Redskins' runners, analyzed the Miami game with Mitchell on Monday.
So they are availing themselves of the Senate rule that allows 30 hours of debate after cloture, which was approved on Thursday, is invoked.
Soros, after all, was the man with the golden touch, the trader who in 1992 made more than $1 billion by betting against Europe's central banks.
Recently, however, there have been signs that sailing has not been smooth for the $525 million Quantum Realty Trust, named after Soros's flagship Quantum Fund.
But Soros's funds are famous for trading at a steep premium to the value of their holdings; the flagship Quantum Fund itself, which takes big bets in stocks, bonds, and currencies, maintained a double-digit premium even after Soros acknowledged he lost $600 million on Feb.
``The hope was that the community would use it and take care of it.'' The hope went up in thick black smoke 10 days after the dedication of the field.
``A beautiful thing -- like a big beautiful rug,'' said Elido Rivas, the supervisor of Red Hook Park, who learned of the fire the day after it happened.
All of the important efforts of the last few days will be in vain unless the international community can jump-start this new government and the economy of Haiti.'' Several officials said Clinton might announce the aid package next week, while others said he would probably wait to announce it as part of the celebrations surrounding Aristide's return to Haiti, which is expected shortly after Oct.
These officials said that after conferring with Aristide, the administration would allow the resumption of flights and financial transactions between Haiti and the United States.
Appearing the NBC ``Today'' show, he said, ``They will probably want to leave the country after President Aristide comes back, and I think that may still happen.
After consultation with the Borden board, the announcement was made an hour after the close of the New York Stock Exchange, where shares of Borden closed at $14, down 12.5 cents.
But the city is always inventing expensive new programs, churning out one after another, spending time and talent on this instead of trying to find permanent solutions.
Another impetus is provided by laws in California, Florida, Oregon and Wisconsin that require food packagers to use more recycled material, or to find a use for the material after it has been used for food.
In 1992, only two years after he moved from Houston and bought a mansion near Santa Barbara, Huffington unseated a veteran House Republican in a primary campaign, spending $3.5 million -- mostly his own money.
A statewide Los Angeles Times poll taken just after Labor Day found Feinstein leading Huffington by 6 points -- 49 to 43 percent.
Good, because she was still ahead after a pounding that could have sunk less resilient politicians.
In 1992, only two years after he moved from Houston and bought a mansion near Santa Barbara, Huffington unseated a veteran House Republican in a primary campaign, spending $3.5 million -- mostly his own money.
A statewide Los Angeles Times poll taken just after Labor Day found Feinstein leading Huffington by 6 points -- 49 to 43 percent.
Good, because she was still ahead after a pounding that could have sunk less resilient politicians.
In 1990, Dean Witter bought a failed savings and loan in Utah that was a member of Visa from Resolution Trust Co. It planned to issue a card called Prime Option, which would offer a low interest rate for the first two months after each purchase.
``It's very strange to create a character and watch the world fall in love with her.'' Cornwell was in Los Angeles last week at a couple of book signings, including one at the Mysterious Bookshop, which has hosted her since she was an unknown author shortly after her first published novel, 1990's ``Postmortem.'' ``As it always is with Patsy, it was a madhouse -- huge lines of people,'' said Sheldon McArthur, owner of the West L.A. bookstore.
``If she wanted to do something, she'd do it.'' Abbott, in fact, recommended her for her first job after graduation, as a clerk at the Charlotte Observer newspaper.
Further, her latest, ``The Body Farm,'' is a turning point for her, because she has set the murder of 11-year-old Emily Steiner in the North Carolina region where Cornwell grew up after moving from her native Miami.
THE PLAGUE STRIKES CITY IN WEST INDIA NEW DELHI, India  (BC-INDIA-PLAGUE-575(2TAKES)-NYT) As many as 200,000 people fled the city of Surat in western India Friday after an outbreak of pneumonic plague that medical experts described as one of the most serious reported in the world in recent decades, officials here said.
Less than 48 hours after the first confirmed death from the disease, officials in the industrial city said that 24 people had died and 137 others were being treated in hospitals.
Prakash Mehta, an executive of one of the diamond exporting companies that are among the city's largest industries, described the city as ``deserted and locked up.'' Reached by telephone, he said he had returned to Surat on Friday morning after driving his family to the neighboring city of Navsarion Thursday night and had discovered that most of Surat's population appeared to have fled.
Many were left to putrify on mud flats after the floods receded, attracting rats.
Clinton decided to keep Dee Dee Myers as his press secretary for now, and to give her greater authority, after being told that she would resign by the end of year.
With an announcement about the staff changes already scheduled for Friday, White House officials said Clinton's decision to keep Ms. Myers in place for now was made only after a meeting Thursday evening in which she told him that she would leave the White House if she were asked to share her job, a plan Panetta had already presented to her.
But they said Clinton proved willing to keep her in the job only after another meeting much later Thursday night in which Ms. Myers told Panetta that she had decided to step down by the end of the year.
Friday evening, a State Department official said Christopher decided to support the resolution after receiving assurances that it called for sufficient monitoring of the border between Bosnia and Serbia and a report certifying that the embargo would be respected.
 (BC-U.N.-YUGOSLAVIA-2NDTAKE-NYT) The move to ease sanctions on the Yugoslav federation -- couched in a resolution proposed by the United States, Britain, France, Germany and Russia -- came after President Slobodan Milosevic of Serbia agreed earlier this month to allow civilian observers to be stationed along the border of Serbia, where Bosnian Serbs have been resupplied for several years.
McCartney seemed nothing more than a blockhead after the 1991 Blockbuster Bowl.
But it has also helped the firm -- in terms of revenue, the fourth-largest in the nation -- earn the nickname ``We'll Getcha & Mangle Ya.'' In the tight-knit world of the bankruptcy bar, where the same lawyers must work with one another in case after case, whispering about Weil, Gotshal's excesses has gone on for years.
The World Health Organization warns that ``only after the fleas have been controlled should rodent control be considered, because infected fleas, which feed on warm blood, quickly leave their dead hosts, spreading the disease to humans.'' A vaccine against plague exists, but it is generally recommended only for people at high risk such as those working with Yersinia pestis in a laboratory.
Orders placed before 10 a.m. will be delivered on the same day or for pickup after 6 p.m. Orders received after 10 a.m. will be filled the next day.
In the 1980s, Prodigy, another on-line service, canceled its grocery shopping service after it failed to attract enough support.
THE PLAGUE STRIKES CITY IN WEST INDIA NEW DELHI, India  (BC-INDIA-PLAGUE-2TAKES-1STLD-WRITETHRU-NYT) As many as 200,000 people fled the city of Surat in western India Friday after an outbreak of pneumonic plague that medical experts described as one of the most serious reported in the world in recent decades, officials here said.
Less than 48 hours after the first confirmed death from the disease, officials in the industrial city said that 24 people had died and 137 others were being treated in hospitals.
Prakash Mehta, an executive of one of the diamond exporting companies that are among the city's largest industries, described the city as ``deserted and locked up.'' Reached by telephone, he said he had returned to Surat on Friday morning after driving his family to the neighboring city of Navsarion Thursday night and had discovered that most of Surat's population appeared to have fled.
Many were left to putrify on mud flats after the floods receded, attracting rats.
But after the disqualification motion was filed, a Weil, Gotshal partner, Martin J.
The testy exchange -- during a campaign in which both men have accused each other of moral inadequacy -- came two days after North had reaffirmed his support for the Confederate flag.
But the only independent statewide poll after Wilder's withdrawal showed that North held a slight lead over Robb, 37 percent to 31 percent, with L.
BLECH MOVES ITS ACCOUNTS TO JOSEPHTHAL NEW YORK  (BC-BLECH-615&ADD-NYT) In the end, David Blech, the biotechnology financier, was unable to fight off the one-two punch of a sagging market and an onslaught from the short-sellers who started going after his firm's stocks last spring.
Two days after Blech's call, Citibank ordered Mabon to sell the block, which had been pledged by Blech as collateral for a loan, Ostro said.
Blech halted securities transactions after announcing that it lacked the minimum capital to comply with regulatory requirements.
Wednesday, Ito allowed all of the evidence obtained during a search of Simpson's estate on June 13, only hours after the bodies of his former wife and Goldman had been discovered about two miles away, outside her condominium.
The judge also upheld the June 13 seizure of Simpson's Ford Bronco, which was found then parked on the street outside his home, but said he would rule at a later date on whether searches of the vehicle after it had been impounded, and then burglarized by a tow-yard employee, were admissible.
But, under the terms of the last-minute agreement worked out by former President Jimmy Carter, the U.S. military has entered into an uneasy partnership with the three men on the presumption that they will leave office after being given amnesty by the Parliament, or no later than Oct.
``I'm very concerned because this news operation was put on notice yesterday that this was incorrect information,'' Ito said in court after the second report was aired.
A Superior Court spokesman, Marcia Skolnick, said after court adjourned Friday that Ito's comments were directed at all broadcast media, not just the one television station.
And that comes just after word that GM Hughes would lay off 4,400.
``We will, however, be closely monitoring developments and after the completion of the company's tender offer, we will continue to preserve all of our options,'' Dickstein said.
But the firm realized that it was unlikely to get more after the company offered its plan.
According to the Port Authority and New York police, the woman was taken into custody about 7:25 p.m., in the west wing of the International Arrivals Building after a visit to New York with three male companions.
``We must not blind our eyes to the very real dangers this country faces as we continue to add to our own store of spent nuclear fuel elements.'' The 153 fuel assemblies contain highly enriched uranium that was sent to the reactors in friendly countries with the stipulation that they would be sent back to this country after use.
The original rationale was that even after use, the fuel had enough uranium in it to be valuable.
Years after the fuel manufacturing began, the Energy Department realized that sending such fuel to scores of small reactors on university campuses and at medical institutions sharply raised the possibility that enriched uranium would fall into dangerous hands.
A year ago, the NTSB urged the FAA to order a one-time inspection of all 737s after a 1993 incident involving a 737 operated by USAir.
``I can't analyze the situation too much,'' McLennan said after skating at Nassau Coliseum this morning.
DEVILS AND ISLES STILL AT IT, BUT MOST EXPECT A LOCKOUT EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J.  (BC-HKN-DEVILS-NYT) The day after Commissioner Gary Bettman said the start of the National Hockey League season would be postponed if a new collective bargaining agreement could not be reached by opening day next Saturday, the Devils went about their business as usual.
``With baseball out,'' said the Islanders' Pierre Turgeon, ``it would be a shame not to start the season.'' Turgeon was one of 11 Islanders who appeared for the game after playing in the team's victory over Florida at Jacksonville Wednesday night.
-- September 23, 1994 -- WWII-SHIP-FLOATER -- The Jeremiah OBrien, a World War II Liberty supply ship, returning Friday to San Francisco after a voyage begun in April to take part in D-Day celebrations.
And when he returned to MCI in January after an eight year absence, he was, by his own account eager to build something again.
-- September 23, 1994 -- WWII-SHIP-FLOATER -- The Jeremiah OBrien, a World War II Liberty supply ship, returning Friday to San Francisco after a voyage begun in April to take part in D-Day celebrations.
And when he returned to MCI in January after an eight year absence, he was, by his own account eager to build something again.
-- September 23, 1994 -- WWII-SHIP-FLOATER -- The Jeremiah OBrien, a World War II Liberty supply ship, returning Friday to San Francisco after a voyage begun in April to take part in D-Day celebrations.
And when he returned to MCI in January after an eight year absence, he was, by his own account eager to build something again.
-- September 23, 1994 -- WWII-SHIP-FLOATER -- The Jeremiah OBrien, a World War II Liberty supply ship, returning Friday to San Francisco after a voyage begun in April to take part in D-Day celebrations.
And when he returned to MCI in January after an eight year absence, he was, by his own account eager to build something again.
When CBS lured her from the /{Globe/} in 1988 after 13 years of writing up Wimbledons, Final Fours and Super Bowls, they reversed the conventional strategy.
That's when American threw its decade-old rapid growth plan into reverse after unprecedented losses of more than $1.2 billion from 1990 to 1993.
The violence erupted after a black child was killed by a car driven by another Hasidic man.
Ito and Clark denied the KNBC report in open court on Thursday and then again on Friday, after KNBC rebroadcast the information Thursday night and said it stood by the story.
It's hard to sit there and watch the whole thing when you know that in the end he gets fired after the Miami game.
Giants guard Lance Smith hurt his knee while shaking hands with Washington lineman Raleigh McKenzie after Sunday's game.
But, after two games, they all look the same.
The Bruins' defense, however, has allowed 82 points in the past nine quarters after shutting out Tennessee for the first three quarters of the season.
THE PLAGUE STRIKES CITY IN WEST INDIA NEW DELHI, India  (BC-INDIA-PLAGUE-2TAKES-2NDLD-WRITETHRU-NYT) As many as 200,000 people have fled the city of Surat in western India after an outbreak of pneumonic plague that medical experts described as one of the most serious reported in the world in recent decades, officials here said Friday.
Less than 48 hours after the first confirmed death from the disease, officials in the industrial city said that 24 people had died and 137 others were being treated in hospitals.
Prakash Mehta, an executive of one of the diamond exporting companies that are among the city's largest industries, described the city as ``deserted and locked up.'' Reached by telephone, he said he had returned to Surat on Friday morning after driving his family to the neighboring city of Navsarion Thursday night and had discovered that most of Surat's population appeared to have fled.
Many were left to putrify on mud flats after the floods receded, attracting rats.
The internal report admits for the first time that Ames was not boasting when he bragged at his sentencing in April that he had done far more damage to the CIA than the agency admitted after his arrest in February.
More than 50 secret operations run by the CIA and foreign intelligence agencies with which it has liaisons were blown after Ames became a spy for Moscow in 1985, said a U.S. intelligence official who has read the report, which is circulating inside the agency and within the congressional intelligence committees that oversee the agency.
At least 10 Soviet and Eastern European double agents working for the CIA died after he began working for Moscow, and he went undetected for almost nine years before his arrest.
That's why I'm back.'' Lasorda learned of the decision from president Peter O'Malley after meeting with general manager Fred Claire for about 40 minutes on Friday morning.
He came from a conservative provincial family, he explained in a televised interview; he broke with Vichy in 1943 and emerged as a respected Resistance leader; his views evolved from right to left, and he stopped seeing Bousquet after his role in rounding up Jews for deportation became known.
Fifty years after the Liberation, then, the ghost of Vichy again haunts France.
CUSTODY'S CHILD ALWAYS LOSES  (BC-CHILD-CUSTODY-REVIEW-2TAKES-NYT) It used to be easy to figure out who should get custody of the children after a divorce.
All sides agree that custody should ideally go to what is often called the primary caretaker or the psychological parent -- the one who has been the most intimately involved with a child, the one a child runs to after falling down on the playground.
Is there, after all, much difference between Gettysburg and the Elysian Fields of Hoboken?'' 
Soap operas invest exquisite pleasure in the central condition of a woman's life: waiting -- whether for her phone to ring, for the baby to take its nap, or for the family to be reunited shortly after the day's final soap opera has left its family struggling against dissolution.
Therefore, sex is both to be sought after and to be avoided on soap operas.
The accord allowing their ``permissive entry,'' negotiated last Sunday by former President Jimmy Carter after two days of talks with Lt. Gen.
For a peasant, a glass of clean water is a big thing.'' Inevitably, the arrival of the American forces after three years of brutal repression has again awakened hope that those modest goals can be achieved.
Under an occupation that is not an occupation after an invasion that was not an invasion, the extent of American authority was not clear, as it would have been had American troops come storming in, and the Haitian military and its civilian supporters moved rapidly to exploit every opening to make it appear they are allies and partners of the American troops.
Redistricting after the 1990 census, in sometimes tortuous forms, created the districts that sent 16 new blacks to Congress.
Trainer-to-the-stars Warren Eckstein also explains why Daisy rolls over on her back after greeting you and why she needs you to make direct eye contact.
`VELOCITY' STAR JUMPS BACK INTO ACTION FILMS LOS ANGELES  (BC-SHEEN-VELOCITY-LADN) Imagine Leslie Nielsen doing a straight action lead now after ``Airplane!'' and three ``Naked Gun'' movies.
-- Nicole Brown Simpson went out to get frozen yogurt after dinner the night she died, the Enquirer reported in an ``exclusive'' story.
``Everyone wondered why LAPD didn't do more after answering the 911 calls'' that Nicole Simpson made to report that she was being beaten by her husband, Kaplan said.
``We keep coming up with exclusive after exclusive.
WILLIAMS' ART WILL SPIN CHARM AT EXHIBITION LOS ANGELES  (BC-WILLIAMS-EXHIBIT-LADN) Nearly half a century after the children's book ``Stuart Little'' was published, the work of its artist, Garth Williams, continues to charm imaginations.
They got after Seattle.
Mark Messier, meanwhile, keeps waiting for the new ITT-Cablevision Madison Square Garden bean-counters to meet his price only a month after those corporate suits met Viacom's price of $1.075 billion for the Rangers, the Knicks, the MSG cable network and the world's most famous indoor arena.
They are the eight strikebreaking umpires who remained on the staffs of the two leagues after the 1979 dispute with the regular umpires was settled.
``Dick Moss and I were going from camp to camp that spring, and after we talked to the players, we had them take a strike vote,'' Miller related.
Yelstin will probably also be watched more closely than usual in Russia after his somewhat puzzling behavior last month in Germany during the final withdrawal of Russian troops.
Russian television showed Yeltsin stumbling on the steps of the Berlin City Hall after a champagne lunch and grabbing the conductor's baton for an antic try at conducting the orchestra himself.
Anthony Riccio, 21, died Tuesday evening after being asphyxiated with a rope, the coroner's office in Moscow said.
Contractors said after the vote that the world's first magnetic levitation train could go into service in 10 years, linking Germany's two largest cities, Berlin and Hamburg.
Current plans call for the Transrapid to run partly at ground level and partly on an elevated ``guideway.'' Details of the route are to be fixed after a complex planning process stipulated in the bill passed Friday in Bonn.
It was approved by the Bundestag, the lower house, earlier last week after a series of delays.
And they nearly came out for abolishing the monarchy after the reign of the current sovereign, pulling back instead to seek a ``radical trimming'' in the $15 million in public financing for royal expenses.
Four years after declaring its independence from the collapsing Soviet Union, Lithuania is close to signing an agreement that will make it an associate member of the European Union.
The 60 votes to cut off debate (``cloture,'' in Senate terminology) could not be mustered for a week or more, and hundreds of amendments would be offered to delay a final vote for many days after that.
Born three years after Richard Rodgers and seven years after George Gershwin, he was the last great American songwriter to hark from the era when great American songwriters seemed to give unified voice to an entire nation.
It was Styne's music, wedded to lyrics by Sammy Cahn, that wept with the yearnings of men and women separated by World War II: ``I'll walk alone, because to tell you the truth I'll be lonely.'' And it was Styne and Cahn again who bottled the euphoria of the reunions after V-E Day: ``Kiss me once, and kiss me twice, and kiss me once again, it's been a long, long time.'' So deeply did Styne speak to a wide American audience that his songs, from ``Guess I'll Hang My Tears Out to Dry'' to ``People,'' were crucial in establishing both of the two most pervasive pop voices of the last half-century: Frank Sinatra and Barbra Streisand.
But after four months, the company, which the government hopes to sell for $67 million, has yet to receive a bid.
``Things were especially bad after President Mubarak's pilot drank our whisky and went blind.
``We must be able to channel our anger without doing injustices to other communities,'' he told the legislature of the Orange Free State in a speech last week after the Verwoerd statue was removed.
As ``Leningrad'' reverted to ``St. Petersburg'' after the fall of communism, some cities here are likely to take up to their ancient names.
She has a son named Winston Churchill, after her first father-in-law, and until recently, she owned the royalties to ``The Sound of Music'' as a result of her second marriage, to the Broadway producer Leland Hayward.
But after the 1987 stock market slide, Clifford said, a decision was made to diversify the family's holdings.
So when Mulvihill soon after offered a fresh investment opportunity -- a hotel in Sussex County, N.J. -- Rich, with the approval of Clifford and Mrs.
The official rate of unemployment or underemployment is over 20 percent, and manufacturing salaries, after seven years of the pact, have lost about 30 percent of their purchasing power.
That's what I wanted.'' The bodies of 14-year-old Jennifer Lee Ertman and her 16-year-old friend, Elizabeth Pena, were found in dense brush along a railroad track in northeast Houston, four days after they were reported missing.
One day after the girls' bodies were found, police arrested six suspects.
The 1996 campaign will start soon after Christmas this year, and the schedule has been so compressed -- with many primaries earlier than before -- that money will have to be raised very soon.
But if the occupation goes sour, or if Haiti descends into chaos after the Americans leave, his optimism about the future there may appear naive.
``The United Nations has passed resolution after resolution saying the roads into this city must be kept open for humanitarian aid, and yet when the Serbs closed the Igman road last month, there was no reaction,'' said Kemal Muftic, the chief adviser to the Bosnian president, Alija Izetbegovic.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) At the same time, even if the arms embargo is lifted -- and Britain, France and Russia are pushing hard to insure that any decision is delayed until after the winter -- the effect on the military situation is likely to be gradual at best.
This summer's spill came after 40 days of drought, which may have added to the concentration of pollutants when the rains returned and upstream sluice gates began to open.
IN MANY NEIGHBORHOODS, A HO-HUM OVER INNOCUOUS TOPLESS BARS NEW YORK  (BC-NY-TOPLESS-BARS-595-(2TAKES)-NYT) The men of the Knights of Columbus hall in Woodside, Queens, had to quit lending their floor polisher to Honey's, the bar next door, after it went topless about 10 years ago.
If, as even the protest leaders acknowledge, the older bars have had little impact on the quality of life after many years of operation, why should the new establishments be any different?
They came one after the other as if part of some grander design: American doubles teams with power, flair and tactical savvy, and they were dominant in Davis Cup play for nearly two decades.
Everything else -- from the breathtaking low-speed freeway chase to the slight smile on Simpson's face broadcast live on television after his legal team won a small court victory Friday -- has made up the preliminaries in the ``trial of the century.'' ``Jury selection determines whether you get a jury you can win with or a jury you can lose with,'' said criminal attorney Harland Braun.
Although Ito has said he will make no decision on sequestration until after jury selection starts, his first response was to suggest a compromise that would allow jurors to go home at night.
Further complicating matters is the possibility that Ito will hold a lengthy hearing on the admissibility of crucial DNA evidence after the jury is sworn in -- which would require sequestered jurors to cool their heels for weeks in a hotel before they actually heard any evidence.
Park testified that after the call he saw Kaelin walking on the driveway and at the same time saw a dark figure walking toward the house.
In an interview in Atlanta last week, Carter was asked why he had so relentlessly pursued the relationship, even after Clinton struggled so hard to separate himself, even after top Clinton advisers had treated the former president like poison ivy, fearing that any Carter involvement would renew Republican taunts of ``Carter II.'' It must have been painful for this proud man, the last Democratic president, to see the gregarious Clinton, who still enjoys the role of the protege, embrace so many other predecessors.
Carter, who did all his big interviews after returning from Haiti in a dowdy blue plaid sports jacket, does not care about what the comedian George Carlin dubs ``stuff.'' ``You would never see Carter wearing a Donna Karan suit or getting a haircut from Christophe,'' said a former Carter White House official.
Raoul Cedras, Haiti's military leader, leaves the country after being forced to step down, a course of action he has ruled out, he is likely to be succeeded by officers with much the same background, philosophy and attitudes.
Now, after $10 million in losses of taxpayer money, they say they did not fully understand what they were buying.
The treasurer bought the securities in 1993 and was dismissed in February after reporting the problems.
These investments also lost money; the lawsuits began after an Ohio state auditor's report uncovered the losses.
She was mobbed after speaking to a conference of Methodist clergymen here in East Texas the other day, and one minister pushed his way through to plead for an autograph on his T-shirt, a Texas curio that depicts Ms. Richards in a white fringe-leather motorcycle suit, astride a Harley-Davidson emblazoned with the words ``White Hot Mama.'' That Ms. Richards retains all of her charm was abundantly evident a few hours later at a rally in Pittsburg, another little East Texas town, where she clutched 82-year-old D.H. Abernathy, the town's mayor for the last 41 years.
Ms. Richards has also had to wrestle throughout her tenure with a virtually unsolvable school-financing crisis that after tormenting state officials for 25 years has become a sort of a trap door of Texas politics, partly responsible for the fact that four of Ms. Richards' last five predecessors have been voted out of office.
In fact, even weeks after the incident, she still somehow manages to draw howls of laughter from liberals and conservatives alike.
But after three years of the slow disintegration of the economy and the society as a whole, many rich Haitians will welcome him back if his return will breathe economic life back into the country.
``The U.S. forces are here as friends and not as invaders,'' Perry said at the airport after arriving with General John Shalikashvili, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
``The U.S. forces are here as friends and not as invaders,'' Perry said at the airport after arriving with General John Shalikashvili, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
``The U.S. forces are here as friends and not as invaders,'' Perry said at the airport after arriving with General John Shalikashvili, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
The inflation gives them leeway for price increases, which a few manufacturers say they are just beginning to get three years after the recovery from the last recession began.
Stokes failed to wiggle his way out and after a punt Dartmouth took over at its 42.
He added: ``It was a relief to be in a game like that, after the other games where we had gone up fast and we knew what the outcome would be.
Penn State regained possession at its 20 after the kickoff, with only 67 seconds to travel the length of the field.
In seven plays, Penn State had swept to the Rutgers 5-yard-line after passes of 10 yards to tight end Kyle Brady, 14 and 33 yards to Ingram and runs of 3 and 14 yards by Carter.
It's not like coming from behind, but I feel good about that part of it.'' He felt less satisfied with a Penn State defense that grew porous after an early fumble and an interception.
Today, shelling of Sarajevo has virtually stopped and, even two days after a NATO air strike, gunfire is rare.
``I am totally refuting the allegation that the things promised have not happened,'' he said, ``and I certainly don't like the inference that we are not making progress.'' Later, he argued more calmly that highs and lows were inevitable in a conflict as complex as the Bosnian War and that this was no more than a passing low after a period in which life in Sarajevo considerably improved.
The latter phrase was a reference to U.N. forces, who called in the NATO air strike after two French peacekeepers were wounded in separate Serbian attacks.
This week, after an outbreak of fighting in Sarajevo, he accused the Muslim-led Bosnian army of trying ``to create images of war for the world, to get us to respond with air power.'' Rose warned that allied air power might instead be used against the Bosnian army.
For his part, Pataki, appearing before the same crowd about a half hour after Cuomo left, seemed content to play the serene front-runner, and his treatment of the governor was far more gentle than Cuomo had received from some disaffected constituents.
And when the heckling continued after his speech, he traded insults in a face-to-face confrontation with a pair of men who cursed him in both English and Italian.
As arranged by his aides to avoid any sign of partisanship, Perot showed up after both candidates departed and delivered the last speech on a 10-city, two-week tour aimed at promoting interest around the country in the midterm elections.
``The governor always has these ideas about how we can solve problems at some point after an election sometime in the future,'' he said.
It came barely one month after Keenan coached New York to its first Stanley Cup in 54 years, and it featured a maverick news conference, a lawsuit, a blockbuster trade and a marathon settlement meeting held by Gary Bettman, the NHL commissioner.
A day after that, he signed with the Blues.
At that stage, Ronnie McAda, had all but been annointed the game's hero after running for 94 yards and spearheading an Army offense that had overcome a 13-0 halftime lead.
McAda, a sophomore, had been inserted into the game at the beginning of the second quarter after King had gone down with a hamstring injury on his third run of the afternoon and the Cadets had gone nowhere with third-string quarterback Steve Carpenter at the helm.
Carpenter had been pressed into a starting role after Army's co-starting quarterbacks, Rick Roper and Mike Makovec, had been injured in the Cadets' first two games, with Roper lost for the season.
The 3-year-old colt had pitched his chances for honors on three races that somehow might tilt the balance away from Holy Bull, who was home on the Jersey Shore resting after winning 8 of his 10 races and rising to the top of the performance charts.
But after that, he started running, and he did everything on his own.'' Brass Scale, who was racing for the first time on a heavy track, was still trying to get the act together down the backstretch.
``I don't think they realized that these things are real.'' The sisters wound up in Dallas last March after a frantic all-night trip from their family home in Arcadia, a poor Louisiana town surrounded by pine forests.
The sisters said they went to Benny after Ms. Johnson began suffering from recurring headaches and Ms. Crawford's 7-year-old son started having nightmares.
They were spotted in a black Dallas neighborhood the day after beginning their journey, shouting and praying in the street.
Since 1970, about 50 people have been freed from death row after their convictions were reversed or thrown out.
 (BC-DEATH-ROW-EXONERATION-2NDTAKE-NYT) For the first two days after his release, he and his wife did not sleep.
She was arrested two days after the Nov.
6, 1988, killing after she tried to persuade a friend to cash a $4,000 check drawn on Dulin's account.
In the trials, Ms. Potter testified that her head wounds had resulted from a pistol-whipping by Burrows after the shooting.
For several days after that I remembered to notice her advancing work.
-- September 24, 1994 -- , 9-24 -- DEATH-ROW-EXONERATION, 9-24 -- Joe Burrows, convicted of a murder he did not commit, is back with his family after five years on death row.
-- September 24, 1994 -- , 9-24 -- DEATH-ROW-EXONERATION, 9-24 -- Joe Burrows, convicted of a murder he did not commit, is back with his family after five years on death row.
As recently as Monday, it was generally assumed the Fed wouldn't tighten again until after the November elections.
He did a real good job of getting rid of the ball.'' The focus of the sackless streak has been on two people: Wilkinson, who played in just 22 games at Ohio State before coming out as a junior, and the defensive-line coach, Joe Wessel, in his first year as a pro assistant after coaching linebackers at Notre Dame last year.
The body was discovered at 2 a.m. on Tuesday after a driver hitched the trailer to a tractor and took off on West Street, Gilmore said.
But there is a difference between being the underdog and being in the doghouse, which is where politicians agree Cuomo finds himself after 12 years in office.
The campaign's own polls never showed Florio surpassing 50 percent, even after poll takers, following standard technique for campaigns, led those being questioned through a series of inquiries intended to simulate the back-and-forth of Ms. Whitman's attacks and Florio's counterpunches.
Players undoubtedly will return after a lockout.
``It's not so much to make money as it would be to stay in shape,'' Richter said here Saturday morning, after a pre-game skate in preparation for Saturday evening's neutral-site exhibition game against the Los Angeles Kings.
ONE DAY AFTER FIRING, PERRANOSKI REMAINS GRACIOUS LOS ANGELES  (BC-BBN-DODGERS-LADN) Ron Perranoski -- until Friday the dean of major-league pitching coaches with consecutive service for one team -- was disappointed but gracious one day after being fired by the Los Angeles Dodgers.
In explaining Friday why the team was replacing Perranoski after 14 seasons with minor-league pitching coordinator Dave Wallace, Dodgers executive vice president Fred Claire said it was time for a transition because the club expects an influx of young pitchers in 1995, ``and no one knows those pitchers better than Dave Wallace.'' Perranoski, continuing to handle a deluge of calls to his home in Vero Beach, Fla., responded Saturday by saying he hoped to land another major-league coaching job.
``People are afraid of becoming destitute.'' Nationally, the cost of a nursing home, for example, is about $36,000 a year, and experts say that most people enter one after they have already had severe medical problems that have eaten away at their savings.
States are also required to recoup expenses from the estates of Medicaid recipients after they die.
The bodies are stored at 20 degrees below zero in a freezer that the federal government provided after the siege.
ONE DAY AFTER FIRING, PERRANOSKI REMAINS GRACIOUS LOS ANGELES  (BC-BBN-DODGERS-LADN) Ron Perranoski -- until Friday the dean of major-league pitching coaches with consecutive service for one team -- was disappointed but gracious one day after being fired by the Los Angeles Dodgers.
In explaining Friday why the team was replacing Perranoski after 14 seasons with minor-league pitching coordinator Dave Wallace, Dodgers executive vice president Fred Claire said it was time for a transition because the club expects an influx of young pitchers in 1995, ``and no one knows those pitchers better than Dave Wallace.'' Perranoski, continuing to handle a deluge of calls to his home in Vero Beach, Fla., responded Saturday by saying he hoped to land another major-league coaching job.
Joel Gregory's life went into a tailspin after he resigned from one of the nation's most prestigious pulpits two years ago.
``My family was burned.'' Troubles piled on troubles after Gregory's stunning resignation from First Baptist, known as the nation's largest Southern Baptist congregation, in November 1992.
NOT JUST A GAME BUT TIES THAT BIND ATHENS, Ga.  (BC-GA-FOOTBALL-III-700(2TAKES)-NYT) Long after their Valdosta High School team had preserved its unbeaten record in Lake City, Fla., Friday night, a number of fans milled around the stadium, soaking up the vibes of a satisfying victory.
``They'll leave after this ball game, get up early in the morning and drive all the way through.
You park in a lot maintained, after a fashion, by the Park Service.
Keith unhooked it and held it in the water, guiding it back and forth to revive it after the tiring fight.
Applications for enrollment plummeted in 1991 after a student was killed in a random shooting.
The first $2,000 payment was included in my paycheck after the closing.
Supporters of the initiative predict the court will hand down a different verdict after California voters speak.
``And the army has degraded itself as `killers for hire,''' said Francois Benoit, who served as foreign minister after the 1991 coup but whose party later broke with Cedras.
One account, described as ``reliable'' in the book ``The American Revolution and the West Indies,'' said the black and mixed-race troops from the French colony of Saint Domingue, as Haiti was then known, ``displayed conspicuous courage in covering the retreat of American and French forces after a brave but poorly organized attack that had been revealed in advance to the British.'' Among Haitians wounded at Savannah was Henri Christophe.
``We could have played better, but the win is what is important,'' said Pullig, who retired after the Aggies scored their final touchdown on McElroy's 3-yard run with 14:19 remaining in the game.
Pullig said the knee injury scared him when it happened, but he was not concerned after the game.
Days after he arrived, he ``lucked out.'' After attending a coaching clinic in Dallas, Wager hooked up with Arlington school district athletic director James Hyden, who in turn sent him to Carter Junior High School.
Others could come after more legal wrangling.
``That was our goal -- to go after Cook.
I don't care if we have John Elway in there -- if you're getting hit, there's nothing you can do.'' Mobley said the Cougars had extra incentive after seeing a quote attributed to Cook in a Spokane (Wash.) newspaper.
NO SNAP ANSWERS TO MATADORS' 28-23 ROAD LOSS SAN MARCOS, Texas  (BC-FBC-CSUN-SWTEXASST-LADN) Minutes after Cal State Northridge had lost to Southwest Texas State 28-23 here on Saturday, tight end Travis Hall was asked what had gone wrong.
``It hurts,'' Cook manfully admitted as he sat on a bench in the quiet of the UCLA locker room after the game.
Well, not only did he misfire on pass after pass.
UCLA split end J.J. Stokes returned to action after missing the previous two games with a bruised left thigh.
He caught his pass and he just didn't look like J.J. Stokes.'' The Bruins did little to help themselves after Washington State took a 6-0 lead in the first quarter on a 3-yard touchdown run by Kevin Hicks, the first of Hicks' two touchdowns.
UCLA split end J.J. Stokes returned to action after missing the previous two games with a bruised left thigh.
He caught his pass and he just didn't look like J.J. Stokes.'' The Bruins did little to help themselves after Washington State took a 6-0 lead in the first quarter on a 3-yard touchdown run by Kevin Hicks, the first of Hicks' two touchdowns.
The Bears went 80 yards after receiving the opening kickoff in only six plays, reminding some of the ease in which Penn State bore through USC's defense two weeks ago.
Like a similar state program for residential property developed after Hurricane Andrew, the Condo-JUA is undercapitalized and lacks the means to repay the large claims that would follow another devastating storm.
``Those types of buildings became most suspect after Hurricane Andrew because of the damage they suffered.'' That type of construction -- concrete blocks, or poured concrete, and, generally, wood roof trusses -- is common in South Dade, where Andrew caused the most damage.
But Indian families still appreciate the modern muslin, which, most important, is fully accepted by the six tribes' leaders as the autumnal proof that the Pickering Treaty of 1794 remains working after all these years.
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers' imperious seizure of tens of thousands of acres for a dam a generation ago, so insulting to the spirit of the treaty, was followed by compensation of $18 million after the tribes invoked the treaty.
If a family has enough liquid assets to provide income after such a loss, then life insurance is unnecessary.
Although Stratton neither admitted nor denied its guilt in the agreement, it has tightened compliance and is a much different firm now, said Daniel Porush, who became president of the firm after the settlement.
Ehud Barak, has said it would be difficult to protect Jews in the West Bank after an Israeli pullback.
But that was before Jan Apell and Jonas Bjorkman dominated Saturday's doubles; before the ever-fragile Pete Sampras was forced to retire after only one set against Stefan Edberg because of a strained hamstring, and before Larsson imperiously shrugged off Martin's higher ranking and served Sweden straight into its ninth Davis Cup final with a 5-7, 6-2, 6-2, 6-4 victory.
But after receiving treatment for the next 24 hours -- treatment that included massages and bandages soaked in anti-inflammatory medication -- he declared himself fit enough to play against Edberg.
But after having his right knee wrapped by the trainer Bob Russo, he lost the set, 6-3.
Lantos said that after Alliance achieved an unspecified ``critical mass'' of Harlequin movies it would begin to market them alongside the paperbacks.
Lantos said that after Alliance achieved an unspecified ``critical mass'' of Harlequin movies it would begin to market them alongside the paperbacks.
-- Convince Congress to return after the election and act on health care during a lame-duck session.
Then Harry Von Zell or somebody got me to switch brands to Ipana, for the ``smile of beauty.'' I felt vaguely guilty about deserting Kolynos, especially after Ipana squeezed its last.
But consumer prices have yet to reflect the increase in producer prices, and Fed officials announced after their last rate increase on Aug.
Federal Reserve officials are barred from granting interviews on the economy and monetary policy for a week before or after a meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee.
In fact, Hills seems on proving that there is life after Wal-Mart for a chain with stores in 11 states stretching from Massachusetts to Virginia.
Every time Wal-Mart opens a store sales slide about 10 percent in the first year and rebound after two years.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Bozic who joined Hills in 1991 after serving as president and chief operating officer at Sears, Roebuck & Co.'s retail operations, said, Hills knew it could not compete with the big discounters on price on in hard goods like tools and small appliances.
But after we have done that, we have done our professional best, and then we should step back.'' Scriver said that he also opposed rules prohibiting parents from having certain genetic tests done on their children.
Using a new approach to analyze health data from Medicare beneficiaries, the researchers said their study indicates that invasive cardiovascular procedures after heart attacks could be reduced by more than 25 percent without increasing mortality.
Newhouse of Harvard Medical School's health care policy department said the use of invasive procedures after a heart attack has been growing for more than a decade, accounting for much of the increase in the cost of treating heart attacks in the United States.
McClellan said at a news conference in Washington that patients treated at hospitals that performed more invasive procedures had a better chance of survival after four years.
But a close look at the data showed that this increased survival was attributed to the more intense emergency care they received 24 hours after admission and not the invasive treatment received later, he said.
The study, sponsored by the federal Agency for Health Care Policy and Research, examined nationwide hospital discharge data for 205,021 patients 65 and older who had heart attacks in 1987, and examined their outcome after four years.
 (BC-POETRY-READINGS-2NDTAKE-NYT) Katherine Koch, a pre-school teacher who calls herself a ``private poet,'' said she started attending poetry readings elsewhere after her daughter came here as a high school student.
``Everywhere I went, even in small towns, I found bulletin boards with signs for poetry readings.'' Silva Raker, vice president of merchandise operations for the Nature Company, flew in from Berkeley, Calif., for the festival after a friend described it as ``the Woodstock of poetry.'' Her interest in poetry grew after a friend in California recited Robert Frost's ``Canis Major'' as they watched Orion in the sky one night.
While the current baseball strike is the eighth work stoppage in 22 years, hockey never had a work stoppage until a 10-day strike in 1992, shortly after Eagleson was replaced by Robert Goodenow as executive director of the NHL Players Association.
Even after Bettman slashed their benefits during training camp to force them to the bargaining table -- he even withheld meal money -- the players grimly went about business as usual, playing exhibition games that generate profits for owners.
While baseball has grown arrogant after more than a century as the national pastime of the United States, humble hockey, with its base in Canada and the majority of its players foreign-born, has only recently begun to elevate its profile as more than a regional sport.
Even after the latest round of cuts is implemented, they will still have more warheads than they did a quarter-century ago.
A week ago Rose threatened to call in air strikes on Bosnian government forces after they fired.
It was indeed morally bound to do so after supporting a U.N. arms embargo that left them at the mercy of Serbs supported by the powerful Yugoslav army.
But, nearly a week after American soldiers and Marines landed here, the pecking order has been reversed: thousands of Haitians now defy their army with demonstrations to support the ousted president, the Rev.
``The people would go after us.'' But a soldier from the working-class neighborhood of Martissant who has been in the military for six years said: ``I am not worried about anything.
Like the people, the soldiers were victimized under various dictators, including Francois Duvalier, Papa Doc, who shut the doors of the military academy a few years after he was elected president in 1957 and created his own militia, Tontons Macoute.
``If the owners think they can delay over the winter, break the union, hire scabs and minor league players to fill the void, I think they ought to think about it very carefully,'' Jack Brooks, a Democrat from Texas and chairman of the powerful House Judiciary Committee, told reporters after Brooks had adjourned a hearing into baseball's antitrust exemption.
``There may be some beer leagues that have some quality players, and maybe there are some softball players, but I don't know that too many other players would show up,'' Howell said after a union meeting in Atlanta last week.
Da Silva's fall is attributed to several factors: overconfidence after campaigning virtually alone for months, apathy among the 100,000 party workers, and failure to understand the deep desire for an end to the nation's chronic inflation.
Talks began after the Cardinals nosedived to an 0-3 start and Simms had regained his competitive appetite.
Saying he would only play for ``an offer I can't refuse,'' Simms seemed poised to go to work for Ryan, less than three weeks after the Arizona coach said the Giants were ``better off with Dave Brown than Phil Simms.'' ``That doesn't bother me,'' Simms said on ESPN Sunday.
He lost that one to the Social Democrats, but this year he is accusing them of plotting to collaborate with the environmentalist Greens and the marginal former Communists to unseat him after nearly 12 years as chancellor.
But Blinder was visibly annoyed when he delivered his off-the-cuff speech after a succession of conservative economists had called for reducing unemployment by making it as unpleasant as possible, including through reductions in unemployment benefits.
SARAJEVO GAS SUPPLY RESUMES SARAJEVO, Bosnia-Herzegovina  (BC-YUGOSLAVIA-NYT) The Bosnian Serbs reopened the gas supply to Sarajevo Sunday after an 11-day cutoff, but they insured that the airport remained closed by threatening to shoot at incoming U.N. flights.
They should have done this a long time ago.'' The farmers do not have to pay for their stalls or hand over taxes on their profits in the trial phase, as they will after Oct.
``Anybody who goes hungry now, it is because they want to.'' Four weeks after the market moved from a discreet, outlying locale to the central plaza, townspeople were already complaining about all the folks who were pouring in from Havana.
In 1993, less than four years after the Women's Tennis Council bent its age eligibility rules to allow this box office smash early entry to their novelty-starved circuit, Capriati left it and purposely left no word when or if she would be back.
``But I know I don't want to leave tennis the way I did, crying and crawling away.'' Capriati, who had residual nightmares after losing her 1991 Open semifinal to Monica Seles, cried incessantly after losing her 1993 first-rounder.
I spent a week in bed in darkness after that, just hating everything.
After that I kind of forgot about everything and everyone except for my brother; all I cared about was having my music and partying with friends.'' For several months, she refused to touch a racquet, but last winter, even after the party circuit had become her only circuit, she realized she was bored and started hitting balls on the sly.
All the plants ordered after 1973 have been canceled.
Cuomo appointed him in March, he was the manager of the Sacramento Municipal Utility District in California, where he was called in to manage the district's recovery after voters shut their biggest generating station, the Rancho Seco nuclear plant.
Costs there remained substantial for years after the shutdown because of security and maintenance of the systems needed to tend to the spent fuel.
All the plants ordered after 1973 have been canceled.
Cuomo appointed him in March, he was the manager of the Sacramento Municipal Utility District in California, where he was called in to manage the district's recovery after voters shut their biggest generating station, the Rancho Seco nuclear plant.
Costs there remained substantial for years after the shutdown because of security and maintenance of the systems needed to tend to the spent fuel.
Simpson's condominium and a matching glove on the morning after the killings behind the guest house in Simpson's Brentwood estate.
It took Charger trainers five minutes to prop Humphries up after defensive tackle Chester McGlockton's hit.
When Andre Coleman, another San Diego speedster, went 52 yards on a kickoff after a Raider 43-yard field goal, the Raiders looked exhausted.
The Dolphins had labeled the Vikings' defense a bunch of cheap-shot artists because Minnesota defensive end James Harris was fined $7,500 for going after Dolphins backup quarterback Bernie Kosar's knees during a preseason game.
``I think the buildup had a lot to do with the way the game was played,'' said Vikings defensive tackle Henry Thomas, who sat at his locker fully dressed 20 minutes after the game because he was too tired to take off his equipment.
That is why, after hours of editing images of Ridge down to a 30-second spot, they would not tolerate that his face was as red as a cherry and that he sounded even worse than he looked.
No matter that Ridge, too, could be depicted as an insider after 12 years in Congress.
``It's warm but not too fuzzy,'' said a satisfied Giammarco after he tinkered to get the key just right.
This is just plain sweat after a rigorous practice session.
Six weeks ago, she and her family relocated to this recreational mecca in the California desert, prospecting for a new start after a bad time.
From courtside at her morning practice; from the white leather driver's seat of the 1991 Volkswagen Cabriolet she purchased in Palm Springs, Calif.; over Thai-style pizza minus its ``fattening'' cheese and peanuts, and romping on the sofa with the 5-month-old puppy who has turned out to be her surest antidote to alienation, she waxed cautiously optimistic after a year of waning internally.
But no, Capriati isn't going there for therapy after a year of entropy that began with a destabilizing loss at the 1993 U.ited States Open and culminated in her arrest in May on a marijuana charge following her own version of the lost weekend.
In 1993, less than four years after the Women's Tennis Council bent its age eligibility rules to allow this box office smash early entry to their novelty-starved circuit, Capriati left it and purposely left no word when or if she would be back.
``But I know I don't want to leave tennis the way I did, crying and crawling away.'' Capriati, who had residual nightmares after losing her 1991 Open semifinal to Monica Seles, cried incessantly after losing her 1993 first-rounder.
I spent a week in bed in darkness after that, just hating everything.
After that I kind of forgot about everything and everyone except for my brother; all I cared about was having my music and partying with friends.'' For several months, she refused to touch a racquet, but last winter, even after the party circuit had become her only circuit, she realized she was bored and started hitting balls on the sly.
She was slim and very attractive.'' He said also she told him that ``we decided we were ready to die'' after hearing that her family had been designated targets by the U.S. military.
The bill died on Thursday night after a meeting between its chief architect, Sen.
We just didn't get off the field.'' Still, the only touchdown they allowed was a 72-yard dash by Flipper Anderson, who scored after catching a deflected pass intended for Jessie Hester.
A week ago Rose threatened to call in air strikes on Bosnian government forces after they fired.
It was indeed morally bound to do so after supporting a U.N. arms embargo that left them at the mercy of Serbs supported by the powerful Yugoslav army.
MONTANA SHOWS HE'S HUMAN KANSAS CITY, Mo.  (BC-FBN-MONTANA-KAN) It seems the man is human after all.
CALM RETURNS TO INDIAN CITY HIT BY PLAGUE BOMBAY, India  (BC-INDIA-PLAGUE-790&ADD-NYT) With bonfires of rotting garbage and putrefying animal carcasses casting pillars of smoke into sky, the city of Surat began what officials there described on Sunday as ``a return to normalcy'' after days of panic brought about by an outbreak of pneumonic plague.
Even if the death toll from the plague proves closer to the official figure than the estimates made by doctors and others in Surat, who have said that officials have understated the number of deaths so as to minimize the scope of the disaster, India is faced with the fact that it has experienced a major plague outbreak 30 years after officials here said it had effectively been eradicated.
Anger at the officials began with the fact that no senior officials from outside Surat visited the city in the six days after the first plague victim died, on Monday.
When the health minister finally took an air force plane to Surat on Saturday, he was confronted by angry doctors who said emergency stocks of medicines promised by the government had still not arrived days after New Delhi had said they had been delivered.
The Chiefs won their next game after each of those five losses.
O'Neil Mackey, got final word of the visit at 7:30 p.m. Saturday, after a trip to Brooklyn was ruled out because of travel time.
``The only discussion we had of the governor's race was a mutual agreement that it was very close,'' Giuliani said after the meeting.
And I'll tell you, I've got to look out for winds that blow like that.'' Clinton, whose talk had to compete with that archetypal New York annoyance -- a broken car alarm that began wailing just as he started -- said that Cuomo's ``greatest failing is that he speaks about me better than he speaks about himself.'' He recited his own burdens in running for re-election as governor of Arkansas, including an encounter with an old man at the State Fair who, asked by Clinton, ``Aren't you sick of me after all these years?'' replied: ``No, but everybody else I know is.'' But that is the price of grappling with governance, Clinton suggested, adding that for all of Cuomo's three terms in office, ``in a lot of ways, this is his first term, and it's just started, because it's the first time we've had a chance to work together'' as Democratic partners to face what the president said were 30 years of social problems, 20 years of economic trials and 12 years of Republican neglect.
McCarrick, who said that all members of the archdiocese of Newark shared ``a common sorrow'' as their carefully laid plans for the visit fell apart, but that the pope needed ``more time to heal'' after breaking his right leg in a fall in April.
One senior official said that if civil order broke down completely in Cap-Haitien, the country's second-largest city after Port-au-Prince, the Pentagon would probably deploy American troops there to restore order.
Clinton made that pledge this summer after congressional pressure to level the playing field in a conflict that seems immune to peacemaking.
Most newspapers, after an initial reluctance to service a rival medium, now offer nightly schedule grids and columns of daily logs and highlights.
Across the bridge at City Hall, Vallone, the council speaker, has spent day after day in meetings, besieged by all manner of advocates, corporate executives, business owners and champions of smoking restrictions.
I'd like to see the labels lower their prices more, and there isn't much excuse not to after they've sold them like that,'' through McDonald's.
Marine commanders said on Sunday that their forces had fired in self-defense after the Haitians brandished their weapons at a 10-man patrol.
	Whether gold will continue upward after Friday's close at $396.10 an ounce, the highest in months, is far from certain.
Or back out on the street, sometimes after spending longer in pre-arraignment detention than the 24 hours allowed under state law.
Using a new approach to analyze health data from Medicare beneficiaries, the researchers said last week that their study indicates that invasive cardiovascular procedures after heart attacks could be reduced by more than 25 percent without increasing mortality.
Newhouse of Harvard Medical School's health care policy department said the use of invasive procedures after a heart attack has been growing for more than a decade, accounting for much of the increase in the cost of treating heart attacks in the United States.
McClellan said at a news conference in Washington that patients treated at hospitals that performed more invasive procedures had a better chance of survival after four years.
But a close look at the data showed that this increased survival was attributed to the more intense emergency care they received 24 hours after admission and not the invasive treatment received later, he said.
The study, sponsored by the federal Agency for Health Care Policy and Research, examined nationwide hospital discharge data for 205,021 patients 65 and older who had heart attacks in 1987, and examined their outcome after four years.
I can't imagine that they will throw aside millions of dollars of programming to put this on.'' The tough decisions won't come into play until after jury selection -- which begins this morning at the Criminal Courts Building in downtown Los Angeles -- because Superior Court Judge Lance Ito has barred cameras from the courtroom while the panel is being picked.
Once again, tight end Pat Carter didn't catch a pass, or get the chance, and his season reception total is holding at one after four games.
Once again, tight end Pat Carter didn't catch a pass, or get the chance, and his season reception total is holding at one after four games.
``My children, my oldest is 23 and my youngest is 9, are going to funerals of friends that they know and grew up with on the average of one every two or three months,'' said Austin, whose 13-year-old daughter was killed five years ago after being shot 15 times by gang members in another case of mistaken identity.
Cincinnati got a field goal from Pelfrey after end Alfred Williams sacked Carlson from the blind side and forced a fumble at the Houston 34.
The police said that shortly after 5 a.m. two officers in a patrol car in the Coney Island section of Brooklyn spotted what looked like the butt of a gun poking out of the waistband of a man on West 17th Street, between Mermaid and Surf Avenues, a block of vacant lots and a rickety rooming house.
In the past, Sullivan has said previous arrests of his client have been the result of harassment by law-enforcement officials determined to see Jackson-Knight arrested after the original conviction in the Waldbaum's fire case was thrown out.
He was convicted after trial in 1980 and sentenced to the maximum of 25 years to life in prison.
The best that can be said of Cody's return to action after a two-game hiatus, necessitated by a separated shoulder, is he looked terrific compared to the ex-Cougar Klingler.
That means on the 14 series after the first one, he went 9-for-28 for 121 yards.
This less than a week after Jack Pardee, Carlson's boss, said the Oilers' offense demands 60 percent passing accuracy to work properly.
She died after a long illness, The Palm Beach (Fla.) Post reported.
The Chargers (4-0) drove 65 yards in 14 plays after the Raiders' go-ahead score to set up Carney's game-winner, turning what could have been a momentum-building victory for the Silver and Black into a bitter defeat.
They scored 21 points after halftime, when Hostetler went 8 for 10 for 136 yards.
``Our coaching staff has a lot of guts,'' Humphries says after the game.
Time after time, the Raiders just hand the ball to Williams or Tyrone Montgomery and tell them to look for a block.
``I think we've got the talent to run the ball,'' fullback Tom Rathman said after the game.'' ``We've got some quality running backs,'' Williams agreed.
NOT QUITE READY FOR PRIME TIME EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J.  (BC-FBN-JETS-NOTEBOOK-NYT) Twenty-five seasons after they helped launch ``Monday Night Football'' with a loss to Cleveland, the Jets were on a cable channel Sunday night -- expensive ad rates, yes, but still a poor man's prime time.
Agassi got so angry after a lost point that he flung his racket the length of the court.
Marine commanders said on Sunday that the shootings were in self-defense after the Haitian security forces brandished their weapons at the patrol.
President Clinton, after speaking Sunday at a church in New York, issued a statement saying, ``It must be clear that U.S. forces are prepared to respond to hostile action against them and will do so.'') The only American casualty was Francis Jose, a Navy Creole-speaking interpreter who suffered a flesh wound in the leg and was evacuated to an American ship offshore for treatment.
With quarterback Stan Humphries writhing on the ground holding his knee and Raiders cornerback Lionel Washington celebrating in the end zone after returning a fourth-quarter interception for the go-ahead touchdown, the Chargers' untarnished record and possibly their season hung in the balance.
Ross wasn't shy about reeling off the the Chargers' problems: center Courtney Hall and H-back Alfred Pupunu out before the game; Pupunu's replacement, Deems May, playing with a stress fracture; linebacker David Griggs, cornerback Sean Vanhorse and running back Eric Bieniemy hurt during the game, and defensive tackle Rueben Davis' first-half ejection after an altercation with Raiders lineman Steve Wisniewski.
History's most accurate field-goal kicker, Nick Lowery, missed twice after being perfect this season.
In what was perhaps the most telling symbol of what went wrong on Sunday night, the Jets didn't even score after a 90-yard run by Johnny Johnson, longest in Jets' history.
They suffered their second straight defeat after they had captured their first two games.
The Bears won their second straight after two losses.
The Bears took the lead on their first field goal of the season late in the quarter after an almost-exciting play.
He was called on for a 47-yarder in the third quarter moments after Esiason was sacked for an 8-yard loss.
Lowery's wide-right boot was his first miss after four field goals this season.
Clifford Hicks ran just a few yards with a punt return, then lost the football to Raymont Harris after Bob Christian knocked it loose.
Twenty-five seasons after they helped launch ``Monday Night Football'' (losing to the Browns), the Jets found themselves on a cable channel -- prime-time, but definitely less prestigious.
That's very important.'' The Micheners came to Austin in the fall of 1982, after Gov.
But he wondered after Sunday's game at the Coliseum if that hard-nosed image, and the fact he plays for a team with a similar reputation, works against him sometimes.
Seau nailed him in the back during a sack in the first half, and in the fourth quarter, Hostetler came out for a play after being sacked by Shawn Lee to an end Sunday.
Fan interest never has been higher after three franchises brought hockey to new areas of the United States last season and the NHL was able to reap the benefits by signing a network television deal with Fox.
The Stars, when they played in Minnesota, made it to the 1992 finals after posting a losing regular-season record.
It was the Oilers' first victory of the season after opening the season mired in controversy while sitting in the murk of an 0-3 record.
And the star of the day was a trained, ahem, dog, who scampered onto the field and fetched the kicking tee after each Oilers' kickoff.
Camarillo, holding for an apparent Al Del Greco 52-yard field-goal attempt, fumbled the snap, then tossed a floating incomplete pass -- Garo Yepremian-style -- after wandering behind the line of scrimmage.
Last week, after they lost to the Raiders, 48-16, they threw trash.
``I misread the play,'' said Williams, who signed with the Steelers as a free agent in April after playing eight seasons with the Seahawks.
The most memorable offensive Seahawk sequence last week ended with Jon Vaughn running 20 yards backwards, then falling to the carpet in a heap after his eye was gouged by a San Diego tackler.
But he wondered after Sunday's game at the Coliseum if that hard-nosed image, and the fact he plays for a team with a similar reputation, works against him sometimes.
Seau nailed him in the back during a sack in the first half, and in the fourth quarter, Hostetler came out for a play after being sacked by Shawn Lee to an end Sunday.
But he wondered after Sunday's game at the Coliseum if that hard-nosed image, and the fact he plays for a team with a similar reputation, works against him sometimes.
Seau nailed him in the back during a sack in the first half, and in the fourth quarter, Hostetler came out for a play after being sacked by Shawn Lee to an end Sunday.
Moments after Boomer Esiason departed on a flatbed cart with a sprained left ankle late in the third quarter on Sunday night, Jack Trudeau moved the Jets into field-goal range but Nick Lowery missed from 41 yards.
``If Boomer's unavailable,'' Carroll said, alluding to Sunday's game in Cleveland, ``Jack's the quarterback.'' During the exhibition games, Trudeau generated victories over the Giants and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers with last-quarter touchdown passes after Esiason had misfired.
When the Jets had a first down at the 7-yard line after Johnny Johnson's 90-yard dash (the longest run from scrimmage in Jets history), they had an opportunity to narrow the Bears' lead to 19-14 with about 9 minutes remaining.
A few pure Republicans actually believe in doing nothing and denounce Ronald Reagan for doing something after he'd posed as one of them, as one of the pure who think everything government has done since Herbert Hoover did nothing about the Great Depression has been catastrophic and ought to be undone so modern government can shut down and go home for good.
According to his spokesman, Joaquin Navarro-Valls, the only reason the pope postponed next month's trip to the United States was to complete his convalescence after breaking his leg last April.
A week ago Rose threatened to call in air strikes on Bosnian government forces after they fired.
It was indeed morally bound to do so after supporting a U.N. arms embargo that left them at the mercy of Serbs supported by the powerful Yugoslav army.
Then Harry Von Zell or somebody got me to switch brands to Ipana, for the ``smile of beauty.'' I felt vaguely guilty about deserting Kolynos, especially after Ipana squeezed its last.
Lantos said that after Alliance achieved an unspecified ``critical mass'' of Harlequin movies it would begin to market them alongside the paperbacks.
Lantos said that after Alliance achieved an unspecified ``critical mass'' of Harlequin movies it would begin to market them alongside the paperbacks.
That is why, after hours of editing images of Ridge down to a 30-second spot, they would not tolerate that his face was as red as a cherry and that he sounded even worse than he looked.
No matter that Ridge, too, could be depicted as an insider after 12 years in Congress.
``It's warm but not too fuzzy,'' said a satisfied Giammarco after he tinkered to get the key just right.
Most newspapers, after an initial reluctance to service a rival medium, now offer nightly schedule grids and columns of daily logs and highlights.
I'd like to see the labels lower their prices more, and there isn't much excuse not to after they've sold them like that,'' through McDonald's.
Most newspapers, after an initial reluctance to service a rival medium, now offer nightly schedule grids and columns of daily logs and highlights.
But after we have done that, we have done our professional best, and then we should step back.'' Scriver said that he also opposed rules prohibiting parents from having certain genetic tests done on their children.
If a family has enough liquid assets to provide income after such a loss, then life insurance is unnecessary.
Although Stratton neither admitted nor denied its guilt in the agreement, it has tightened compliance and is a much different firm now, said Daniel Porush, who became president of the firm after the settlement.
 (BC-POETRY-READINGS-2NDTAKE-NYT) Katherine Koch, a pre-school teacher who calls herself a ``private poet,'' said she started attending poetry readings elsewhere after her daughter came here as a high school student.
``Everywhere I went, even in small towns, I found bulletin boards with signs for poetry readings.'' Silva Raker, vice president of merchandise operations for the Nature Company, flew in from Berkeley, Calif., for the festival after a friend described it as ``the Woodstock of poetry.'' Her interest in poetry grew after a friend in California recited Robert Frost's ``Canis Major'' as they watched Orion in the sky one night.
2, 1944, after 63 days of bitter fighting.
Soviet Premier Joseph Stalin's behavior before, during and after the revolt is a harbinger of his further schemes to put post-war Eastern Europe under communist control.
Vyshinsky tells the U.S. ambassador to the Soviet Union that the Russians ``decidely object'' to a proposal that American and British airc raft land in Russia after dropping arms and supplies to the Polish Home Army.
27 in an Oakland, Calif., hotel room after an apparent overdose of sleeping pills.
There are two major ways this can happen -- you can lose your balance and inadvertently come into contact with the blade, or you can misjudge a reach for a loose workpiece, often after you have turned off the motor.
On most saws in home shops, the blade freewheels at flesh-cutting speeds for a good while after power is cut.
Be sure this device is set ahead of the blade; you don't want to apply pressure to the board at any point after it passes the blade.
The test LS had a base price of $22,690 and a bottom line of $26,340 after the addition of some options for comfort, performance and safety.
The test LS had a base price of $22,690 and a bottom line of $26,340 after the addition of some options for comfort, performance and safety.
Soon after I arrived, it became apparent a trip to the home supply store's plumbing department was in order.
Soon after I arrived, it became apparent a trip to the home supply store's plumbing department was in order.
It only gets worse after this.'' ``Start upping your daily fiber intake now, or you'll wish you had.'' ``A rinse will do wonders for that white in your hair, dearie.'' ``Don't tell anyone your age.
I'd like to think that after all these years I can retain something besides water.
Then I sat back on the front porch, looked at the tall, stately tree, with its gray, deeply grooved bark and imagined it hugged by the vine in full flower -- an effect that Julie Harrod, in her book, The Garden Wall (The Atlantic Monthly Press, 1991), describes as ``dramatic, each flowerhead measuring perhaps a foot across and making a good display after midsummer, for a longer period than the (climbing hydrangea's) brief fortnight.'' At a mere foot or so in height, my plant has a long way to go.
This practice of inflicting discomfort after the fact is more accurately described as retaliation or retribution, i.e., you may have inflicted pain or terror but the animal did not connect it to the behavior.
To decrease counter-sitting, the punishment must start at the instant the cat begins to jump on the counter, not after he has gotten there.
But consumer prices have yet to reflect the increase in producer prices, and Fed officials announced after their last rate increase on Aug.
Federal Reserve officials are barred from granting interviews on the economy and monetary policy for a week before or after a meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee.
If a family has enough liquid assets to provide income after such a loss, then life insurance is unnecessary.
Although Stratton neither admitted nor denied its guilt in the agreement, it has tightened compliance and is a much different firm now, said Daniel Porush, who became president of the firm after the settlement.
He came from a conservative provincial family, he explained in a televised interview; he broke with Vichy in 1943 and emerged as a respected Resistance leader; his views evolved from right to left, and he stopped seeing Bousquet after his role in rounding up Jews for deportation became known.
Fifty years after the Liberation, then, the ghost of Vichy again haunts France.
CUSTODY'S CHILD ALWAYS LOSES  (BC-CHILD-CUSTODY-REVIEW-2TAKES-NYT) It used to be easy to figure out who should get custody of the children after a divorce.
All sides agree that custody should ideally go to what is often called the primary caretaker or the psychological parent -- the one who has been the most intimately involved with a child, the one a child runs to after falling down on the playground.
The accord allowing their ``permissive entry,'' negotiated last Sunday by former President Jimmy Carter after two days of talks with Lt. Gen.
For a peasant, a glass of clean water is a big thing.'' Inevitably, the arrival of the American forces after three years of brutal repression has again awakened hope that those modest goals can be achieved.
Under an occupation that is not an occupation after an invasion that was not an invasion, the extent of American authority was not clear, as it would have been had American troops come storming in, and the Haitian military and its civilian supporters moved rapidly to exploit every opening to make it appear they are allies and partners of the American troops.
Is there, after all, much difference between Gettysburg and the Elysian Fields of Hoboken?'' 
Soap operas invest exquisite pleasure in the central condition of a woman's life: waiting -- whether for her phone to ring, for the baby to take its nap, or for the family to be reunited shortly after the day's final soap opera has left its family struggling against dissolution.
Therefore, sex is both to be sought after and to be avoided on soap operas.
Redistricting after the 1990 census, in sometimes tortuous forms, created the districts that sent 16 new blacks to Congress.
In an interview in Atlanta last week, Carter was asked why he had so relentlessly pursued the relationship, even after Clinton struggled so hard to separate himself, even after top Clinton advisers had treated the former president like poison ivy, fearing that any Carter involvement would renew Republican taunts of ``Carter II.'' It must have been painful for this proud man, the last Democratic president, to see the gregarious Clinton, who still enjoys the role of the protege, embrace so many other predecessors.
Carter, who did all his big interviews after returning from Haiti in a dowdy blue plaid sports jacket, does not care about what the comedian George Carlin dubs ``stuff.'' ``You would never see Carter wearing a Donna Karan suit or getting a haircut from Christophe,'' said a former Carter White House official.
Hutchison defended her anti-illegal immigration plan, saying components of the legislation were drafted after talks with the Border Patrol, a division of the Immigration and Naturalization Service, and other federal agencies responsible for enforcing U.S. laws.
BOOMERS' MAGICAL MYTHICAL TOUR: YOU'D JUST HAVE TO HAVE BEEN THERE  (BC-DENTON-COLUMN-TEX) Because I was born a couple of months after V-J Day, while my father was still in the Pacific aboard a Navy minesweeper, I may qualify as a baby boomer.
I'm not sure what technically qualifies one to claim -- or disclaim -- membership in that horde of humanity that followed the return of the GIs after World War II, but that generation seems to be wearing pretty thin with some younger folks trying to come into their own.
Hutchison defended her anti-illegal immigration plan, saying components of the legislation were drafted after talks with the Border Patrol, a division of the Immigration and Naturalization Service, and other federal agencies responsible for enforcing U.S. laws.
19, after his spectacular 11th-hour breakthrough for peace in Haiti, I watched our former president as he was interviewed on CNN.
Still, it must be personally disturbing when, after saving us all from the brink of war, he reads disparaging comments from anonymous detractors identified in the media only as ``State Department sources'' or ``a presidential adviser.'' Perhaps it is natural for some close to President Clinton to resent Carter's getting any recognition for these successful outcomes.
BOOMERS' MAGICAL MYTHICAL TOUR: YOU'D JUST HAVE TO HAVE BEEN THERE  (BC-DENTON-COLUMN-TEX) Because I was born a couple of months after V-J Day, while my father was still in the Pacific aboard a Navy minesweeper, I may qualify as a baby boomer.
I'm not sure what technically qualifies one to claim -- or disclaim -- membership in that horde of humanity that followed the return of the GIs after World War II, but that generation seems to be wearing pretty thin with some younger folks trying to come into their own.
The Americans, poised one moment to annihilate the Haitian armed forces, are now to work with them in ``close cooperation.'' Days after Clinton had described Haiti's leaders as murderers, rapists and thugs, the Americans are now bound to them by ties of ``mutual respect.'' The last time Carter found such evidence of willingness in Haiti's leaders, it was when they ``performed in a superb fashion'' during the elections of 1990 -- elections whose results they promptly squashed.
Pointedly, Aristide's statement on the day after the occupation did not mention the agreement.
The Americans, poised one moment to annihilate the Haitian armed forces, are now to work with them in ``close cooperation.'' Days after Clinton had described Haiti's leaders as murderers, rapists and thugs, the Americans are now bound to them by ties of ``mutual respect.'' The last time Carter found such evidence of willingness in Haiti's leaders, it was when they ``performed in a superb fashion'' during the elections of 1990 -- elections whose results they promptly squashed.
Pointedly, Aristide's statement on the day after the occupation did not mention the agreement.
IT'S `TIME TO GIVE HEALTH-CARE REFORM A DECENT BURIAL' WASHINGTON  (BC-GRAVE-HEALTHCARE-ECONOMIST) The end came slowly, after great pain.
Exhausted surgeons applied jolt after jolt to the patient's heart.
She is the first woman to sit on the Judiciary Committee, appointed after the Senate was harshly criticized for the all-male panel that conducted the Supreme Court confirmation hearings on Clarence Thomas.
Three days after Clinton had revolted Americans with photographs of atrocities committed by Cedras's thugs, Carter painted an entirely different picture.
19, after his spectacular 11th-hour breakthrough for peace in Haiti, I watched our former president as he was interviewed on CNN.
Still, it must be personally disturbing when, after saving us all from the brink of war, he reads disparaging comments from anonymous detractors identified in the media only as ``State Department sources'' or ``a presidential adviser.'' Perhaps it is natural for some close to President Clinton to resent Carter's getting any recognition for these successful outcomes.
Three days after Clinton had revolted Americans with photographs of atrocities committed by Cedras's thugs, Carter painted an entirely different picture.
Three days after Clinton had revolted Americans with photographs of atrocities committed by Cedras's thugs, Carter painted an entirely different picture.
General Aideed has invited leaders from the warring clans to a meeting at his house, rebuilt after it was bombed flat by American aircraft last year.
She is the first woman to sit on the Judiciary Committee, appointed after the Senate was harshly criticized for the all-male panel that conducted the Supreme Court confirmation hearings on Clarence Thomas.
General Aideed has invited leaders from the warring clans to a meeting at his house, rebuilt after it was bombed flat by American aircraft last year.
She is the first woman to sit on the Judiciary Committee, appointed after the Senate was harshly criticized for the all-male panel that conducted the Supreme Court confirmation hearings on Clarence Thomas.
True, after three years of recession, worldwide sales may jump by around 6-7 percent next year.
True, after three years of recession, worldwide sales may jump by around 6-7 percent next year.
Seymour had been appointed to the seat after Pete Wilson vacated it when he became governor in 1990.
Seymour had been appointed to the seat after Pete Wilson vacated it when he became governor in 1990.
Seymour had been appointed to the seat after Pete Wilson vacated it when he became governor in 1990.
WELFARE -- Prohibit welfare to minor mothers, deny AFDC benefits for children born while their mothers are on welfare, cut welfare spending, end welfare for all families after five years (or two years if the adult doesn't work).
But since the species do not actually go extinct for 50 to 500 years after the fragmentation of their habitat dooms them, the researchers report, natural areas may now look healthier than they really are.
Because extinctions occur generations after fragmentation takes place, the scientists reported in the British journal Nature this month, they constitute an ecological ``debt'' that will come due in the future unless it is repaid through restoration.
But after 900 acres have been lost, the loss of an additional acre might doom 40 more species.
Study after study, Tilman said, reports the same kinds of trade-offs in animal communities from insects to large mammals: moose, for instance, are adapted and generally confined to wilderness, while deer do not compete well in the deep woods but roam far and wide, flourishing and multiplying in disturbed areas.
He was one of three members to resist naming post offices in Beaver, Utah, and Pulaski, Tenn., after two former senators, saying he didn't want to spend taxpayers' dollars ``chiseling our names in limestone.'' He even proposed eliminating one of the two committees he sits on -- the House Small Business Committee -- criticizing its ``inefficiency,'' ``redundancy'' and ``limited results.'' This Mr. Smith-Saves-Your-Tax-Dollars zealotry has won him the accolades of watchdog groups like Citizens Against Government Waste, which praise him as ``heroic.'' Yet, to the chagrin of many Republicans, he is anything but predictable.
But after 83 years of penguin watching, scientists are still encountering surprises, including a recent discovery made with a night-vision device that revealed emperor penguins to be even hardier than had been supposed.
The penguins at the exposed periphery of a cluster generally manage to work their way inside after a fairly brief period acting as community windshields.
During the first part of the reproductive cycle the mothers must fast, but after eggs are laid, they leave to fatten up.
Adelies breed in the Antarctic spring on densely populated rocky rookeries, and before the summer sun sets in March, at the beginning of the long winter night, the chicks are mature enough to look after themselves.
He was one of three members to resist naming post offices in Beaver, Utah, and Pulaski, Tenn., after two former senators, saying he didn't want to spend taxpayers' dollars ``chiseling our names in limestone.'' He even proposed eliminating one of the two committees he sits on -- the House Small Business Committee -- criticizing its ``inefficiency,'' ``redundancy'' and ``limited results.'' This Mr. Smith-Saves-Your-Tax-Dollars zealotry has won him the accolades of watchdog groups like Citizens Against Government Waste, which praise him as ``heroic.'' Yet, to the chagrin of many Republicans, he is anything but predictable.
He was one of three members to resist naming post offices in Beaver, Utah, and Pulaski, Tenn., after two former senators, saying he didn't want to spend taxpayers' dollars ``chiseling our names in limestone.'' He even proposed eliminating one of the two committees he sits on -- the House Small Business Committee -- criticizing its ``inefficiency,'' ``redundancy'' and ``limited results.'' This Mr. Smith-Saves-Your-Tax-Dollars zealotry has won him the accolades of watchdog groups like Citizens Against Government Waste, which praise him as ``heroic.'' Yet, to the chagrin of many Republicans, he is anything but predictable.
As a result of such homebody habits, generation after generation of insects can remain on the same branch or twig.
Braun denounced the accusations as false and filed a slander lawsuit against Goldman, which she then dropped after the program's parent entity, the Foundation for Medicine, shelved an internal probe of the allegations.
Wilson press secretary ADD WILSON: The governor's re-election campaign received the endorsement of baseball star Bonds, a three-time National League Most Valuable Player, said that he decided to get involved in politics after signing a $43 million contract with the San Francisco Giants last year.
	PARIS (NYT) -- The Belgian foreign minister, Willy Claes, Monday won the backing of all 16 NATO members to succeed the late Manfred Woener as the alliance's secretary-general after the last remaining challenger for the post withdrew his candidacy.
	The officials said NATO ambassadors met behind-closed-doors Monday morning to endorse Claes's candidacy after a former Danish foreign minister, Uffe Ellemann-Jansen, pulled out of the race.
	A day after civilian mobs stormed and ransacked the city's four police stations and central military barracks, residents here in Haiti's second-largest city began returning to their daily lives: Walking to market, sweeping their stoops and swapping gossip on park benches.
	Shares in Eurotunnel, the company that operates the 31-mile undersea link between Britain and France, plunged Monday after news reports over the weekend that water was seeping into the tunnel and not draining properly.
Josephthal stepped in to buy certain Blech accounts after the firm was forced to stop brokerage operations Thursday.
Now, after Comcast U.K. stormed the market, pricing more shares than it had planned at the top of its target range and trading up around 10%, TeleWest may be brought back, analysts say.
Even the large influx into Miami after the 1980 Mariel boat lift -- a 7 percent overnight expansion of the local labor force -- had virtually no impact on wages or the unemployment rate.
BELGIAN FOREIGN MINISTER NAMED NATO SECRETARY GENERAL PARIS  (BC-NATO-NYT) The Belgian Foreign Minister, Willy Claes, won the backing Monday of all 16 NATO members to succeed the late Manfred Worner as secretary general after the last remaining challenger withdrew.
The officials said NATO ambassadors met Monday morning to endorse Claes's candidacy after a former Danish foreign minister, Uffe Ellemann-Jansen, pulled out.
In a statement after the meeting, a NATO spokesman said: ``The North Atlantic Council decided to send a letter to the Belgian foreign minister, Willy Claes, asking him if he was ready to serve as NATO secretary general, if allied governments so decide.'' If confirmed, Claes (pronounced Klahss) would take over the challenge of building a new security relationship with the former Soviet bloc, a job begun by Worner, who died of cancer on Aug.
``Both sides want to get this issue out of the way.'' Since Clinton's May decision, China has shifted its disaffection to other topics, complaining that Washington should also drop economic sanctions imposed five years ago after China's military crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrators at Tiananmen Square.
But after President Bush announced the sale of F-16 fighters to Taiwan during his 1992 re-election campaign, China secretly shipped components of the M-11 missile to Pakistan in November 1992.
	``So that's why I'm a few dollars lighter than usual,'' said Ms. Smith, rattling the day's slimmer than usual pickings, but maintaining her moon-faced smile for passing New Yorkers who for the most part were equally unattentive to the President's visit as they went after their daily bread.
	Monday afternoon, 14 weeks after Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend, Ronald L.
	Those not excluded for reasons of hardship will fill out 80-page questionnaires, prepared by Ito after consultation with lawyers for Simpson and the Los Angeles district attorney's office.
They were star students and star athletes, and both, after watching ``Ben Casey''and ``Dr. Kildare,'' wanted to be doctors and save lives.
One of Dr. Swain's current projects is to see whether it might be possible to coax new heart muscle to grow after a heart attack.
Dr. Swain explained that after about age 2, heart muscle cells do not grow.
(This is Barbie, after all.) Much of the decor is in the form of decals depicting shelves, plants, lights, pictures and the like, but the sink, refrigerator and microwave are built in.
Shares in Eurotunnel, the company that operates the 31-mile undersea link between Britain and France, plunged Monday after news reports over the weekend that water was seeping into the tunnel and not draining properly.
`THE ABUSE EXCUSE': A COMPELLING ARGUMENT FROM DERSHOWITZ  (BC-DERSHOWITZ-BOOK-REVIEW-500&ADD-NYT) Erik and Lyle Menendez admit they gunned down their parents as they watched television, but say they acted in self-defense after suffering years of sexual and emotional abuse at the hands of their father.
	The new Washington newspaper the Hill reports that on the Senate floor after the crime bill was passed, 	In response to Parenting magazine pollsters who asked Americans which television program best reflects their family lives: 	Forty percent said ``Roseanne''; 28 percent said ``Leave It to Beaver''; 7 percent said ``The Simpsons''; and another 7 percent said ``The Addams Family.'' 	-- Advertising Age says that Ben & Jerry's Homemade, which has been looking for a new chief executive officer, has received 25,000 applications, including two sheet cakes on which resumes were printed in icing.
According to In Style magazine: 	Just around the corner, at New York University, 	``President Mandela is a charming and affable man,'' the prince said after the interview.
You really have to look after him better.'' 	Meanwhile, although 	According to reports, the royals want Fergie to agree to give up the title ``Her Royal Highness,'' which she earned by marrying Andrew.
	The new Washington newspaper the Hill reports that on the Senate floor after the crime bill was passed, 	In response to Parenting magazine pollsters who asked Americans which television program best reflects their family lives: 	Forty percent said ``Roseanne''; 28 percent said ``Leave It to Beaver''; 7 percent said ``The Simpsons''; and another 7 percent said ``The Addams Family.'' 	-- Advertising Age says that Ben & Jerry's Homemade, which has been looking for a new chief executive officer, has received 25,000 applications, including two sheet cakes on which resumes were printed in icing.
According to In Style magazine: 	Just around the corner, at New York University, 	``President Mandela is a charming and affable man,'' the prince said after the interview.
You really have to look after him better.'' 	Meanwhile, although 	According to reports, the royals want Fergie to agree to give up the title ``Her Royal Highness,'' which she earned by marrying Andrew.
Arnold said nearly all of the 85 volunteers who had taken the pills at the Canadian center withdrew from the trial after he wrote to each volunteer, saying that he did not feel comfortable continuing with the experiment.
Anderson wrote the book after encouragement from friends and family who enjoyed her list.
She and her husband, now a businessman, returned to Texas and settled in Arlington with their two sons after he retired from football.
BACK TO THE PRESENT IN A LONG-LOST NOVEL BY VERNE PARIS  (BC-VERNE'S-PARIS-830(2TAKES)-NYT) Jules Verne's publisher said it pained him to write so blunt a letter but, after the success of the young storyteller's first book, ``Five Weeks in a Balloon,'' he felt obliged to warn that publication of his new manuscript would be ``a disaster'' for his name.
Instead of a hidden treasure, he found fragments of an unfinished play, some Russian texts and the manuscript of ``Paris in the 20th Century.'' Now, 131 years after it was turned down by Hetzel, the novel has finally been published here by Hachette-Le Cherche Midi Editeur.
``But after talking to them more and more, they seemed worried more about (protecting) themselves than me.'' Ervin said he also described Thomas and Drummond's alleged wrongdoing for federal authorities who are attempting to determine whether the activities of Baylor coaches violated federal wire- and mail-fraud statutes.
Drummond, who resigned a day after he was tied publicly to the Lambert term-paper scheme, did not return phone messages.
Ervin provided testimony to SWC and NCAA investigators after receiving a grant of immunity from the NCAA.
He chose to attend the Oklahoma school after learning he had been barred from playing basketball at Baylor during the 1994-95 season.
He plans to build 12 theaters for live music performances (self-consciously patterned after Branson, Mo., and its country music halls), restaurants, food shops and ``one-of-a-kind shops,'' by which I suppose he means ``Spam R Us,'' ``Mr. Fixit Again: Repairs for Your Repairs'' and ``The Veterinary and Taxidermy Store: Either Way You Get Your Dog Back.'' If a Garlic Country USA theme park can make a go of it, it's clear that Americans will spend entertainment dollars on almost anything.
Not all these small-niche theme parks, of course, have to be patterned after vegetables.
And some theme parks could pattern themselves after other agricultural products.
``We cannot tell people not to seek justice, or stop them from filing lawsuit after lawsuit.'' Cedras has indicated that while he intends to step down by Oct.
Eventually it became crumpled and was all but destroyed after he had his mother iron it for him.
His father, a Marine Corps officer turned businessman, is remembered as a cold and tyrannical straight-arrow who remained aloof from his eccentric sons and stopped speaking to Robert after a colleague showed him some of his work.
On to Istanbul: Day 1 began after an overnight voyage from Piraeus.
The Jets all wore sheepish looks as they clumped down the runway after the game, and Monday at their home bunker.
Mitchell came out of Nebraska after only two seasons, his legal right.
``We're not going to sit him down.'' Another version of the play came on WFAN radio shortly after the game while just about everybody was stuck in the ghastly traffic jams around the Meadowlands and the Throgs Neck Bridge.
The shootout occurred one day after a man attacked two deputies near Camdenton, Mo., and was shot to death.
Last November, a Kansas trooper shot and killed an Illinois man near Lawrence, Kan., after the man stabbed the trooper.
Robert Hayes, a seven-year Missouri Highway Patrol veteran, was gravely wounded after stopping a car near Boonville for an expired license plate.
Harper's Bazaar weighed in in July with its version of hard-core glamour called ``Shock Treatment.'' Ms. Tilberis said, ``Once this one gets going, a lot more people will be thanking us for this look than the waif.'' Galotti, Vogue's publisher, said that for the first time, Neiman Marcus, Saks Fifth Avenue, Lord & Taylor and Nordstrom have mapped out their advertising a year in advance, after a year of last-minute ad purchasing that he put down to fear of the waif.
The attackers, wave after wave of German fighters, mainly FW 190s, came in wedges of eight to 16 planes, split the American formation, and turned the sky at 25,000 feet into a cacophony of machine-gun fire, burning engines and exploding planes.
No. 784, with six 1,000 pound bombs and 2,500 gallons of gasoline, lifted off at 6:45 a.m. Soon after the raid, Schwartz typed out a 28-page recollection of what happened.
One amendment to postpone action until after the November election lost 70 to 72, with Republicans voting as a bloc for the delay.
More than likely, he would be gone after a day or two.
But he came back for fall practice, and he kept coming back, one day, then two, and after a week, he was still there.
Nancy Kassebaum, sponsor of the measure, called the museum's script ``revisionist, unbalanced and offensive.'' This finally got the museum's serious attention after nearly a year of controversy failed to produce a script that balanced the immediate life-saving purpose for which the bomb was dropped against its sheer horrifying destructiveness.
It was no coincidence that Berlin was the host for national twist contests in the 1960s, or that entertainers like Louis Armstrong and Ella Fitzgerald became near-deities here after appearing at sold-out concerts.
``There will still be `souvenirs d'amour' being born up to nine months after the last (un)known Allied soldier has left town.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
Soon after the 1994 bombing, the Argentines issued warrants for some suspected Iranians, then withdrew them and apologized to Iran.
We took refuge there briefly after trudging down a curving stone street lined with marble and stone public buildings, some dating to the days of early Christianity.
This policy shift comes a week after the arrival of American troops as part of the U.N.-authorized mission to restore Haitian President Jean Bertrand Aristide and democracy to the island-nation.
Consequently Mary Matalin, political director for the 1992 Bush campaign, had every right to go after Clinton for his dishonesty.
The most remarkable thing about Matalin's private life, after all, is that she is married to James Carville, a key official in Clinton's 1992 campaign.
Carroll conceded he had allowed the offense to continue featuring the pass in the first half, against what he would have liked, even after the Jets' stumbled following their successful opening drive, which featured Boomer Esiason completing five of six pass attempts in what turned out to be their only scoring drive of the game.
But the next time and the next time (and two more times after that) all ended in punts.
That came on fourth down after the Johnson run, with Jack Trudeau spotting Moore in a corner of the end zone and throwing for an apparent touchdown.
That is, after all, what players and teams try to do, isn't it?
The National Football League was No. 2 on the salary cap roster, implementing it this season after using legitimate free agency as the carrot to induce players to accept it.
``Or is this a trick to blind us?'' Two years after an internationally brokered peace accord ended a 16-year civil war, Mozambicans will go to the polls for the first time in their history, not so much triumphant as skeptical, confused and indifferent.
A cough or sneeze from an infected but symptomless individual could pass pneumonic plague to another passenger or to someone else days after disembarking, as has happened with measles and tuberculosis.
A cough or sneeze from an infected but symptomless individual could pass pneumonic plague to another passenger or to someone else days after disembarking, as has happened with measles and tuberculosis.
Arguably the Ivy League's best player this season, Stokes says that the pro dream is ``not a career goal of mine; after this year if I can no longer play I'll be satisfied.'' There is much to be satisfied about.
``There were assignments like, `Read the first two chapters and be ready to discuss them.' I didn't know how to handle that.'' On the football field he was fine, voted the freshman team's most valuable player after averaging 112 rushing yards per game.
They were after him.
Stokes, a major in African-America studies, is undecided about his future after graduation in May.
The league released numbers tabulated after three games.
In both cases the Giants were 3-0 after three games.
Gidwitz, Helene Curtis's chief executive, in early August after receiving an invitation to drop by Helene Curtis's headquarters here when he was next in the neighborhood.
Earlier, a marvelous five-piece band named after its lead singer, Joe Henry, offered a set of warm originals that combined fiddle, peddle steel and Henry's Dylan- esque vocals.
In a generally humdrum market, Mercantile Stores, a Midwestern department store chain, fell 16], to 38}, in heavy trading after it announced that it had ended talks with a potential acquirer.
Philip Morris, a Dow component stock, saw its shares rise after it issued a statement denying that it had threatened to leave New York City if a tough anti-smoking ordinance were passed, saying that a possible move was an option to be considered it the legislation passed.
Its share price fell 2[, to 36, after a First Boston analyst cut his assessment of Micron and Texas Instruments over concern that a coming Asian glut of computer chips would drive prices down.
It was only after asking a sixth cameraman that the reason for all of the fuss was identified.
``It's just the same thing, day after day,'' he said.
The price of Reckitt & Coleman's shares declined 6.3 percent Monday on the London Stock Exchange after the announcement of the sale and a financing plan that will increase the amount of stock in public hands.
I sang briefly with a high school and college group.'' Perhaps the trademark rictus of his jaw, as if still clenching around the pipe he surrendered after his 1985 stroke, hindered his vocalizing.
He only began writing poetry after beginning to print the works of other poets.
Yet even this claim to fame was overlooked by Blake's first real champions -- a generation of literary critics who came of age right after World War II.
``There has been much influence put upon the Port Authority to look after Howland Hook, from the perspective of keeping the New York side alive,'' Connors said.
McDonnell shares rose $2.875, to $113.75, as analysts praised Stonecipher's success in restoring customer faith after the scandal and in focusing Sundstrand.
In an African economic crisis of major proportions, Senegal, like one African nation after another, is being forced to reassess its commitment to its public university system.
Now, after a decade of economic decline capped in January by a 50 percent devaluation of the region's French-backed currency, new austerity measures aimed at scaling back enrollment, raising academic standards and getting students to shoulder more of the cost of their education have thrown the university and this country into turmoil.
A result, administrators say, is that for years, students have been defrauding the system by deliberately delaying their graduations year after year so that they can retain student housing and health care for relatives.
Now, the seriousness of the region's economic crisis is forcing government after government to take university problems head on.
That airlift was suspended again Monday after Bosnian Serb threats to the aircraft.
But the December regulations were withdrawn after banks complained that the rules were too rigid and community activists complained that the rules did not deal with racial discrimination.
Restaurants and supermarkets advertise that their prices are ``with the pact.'' Earlier this month, when fares were raised on hundreds of privately owned buses in Mexico City from 50 centavos to a peso, clearly violating the pact's guidelines, they were so roundly criticized that some owners restored the old fares after a day.
Some expect a move to increase short-term rates to take place during a meeting of the Fed's policy-making committee that starts on Tuesday, while others lean toward an action after the November meeting, which would allow the Fed time to assess the most recent economic data to see if the last few increases have worked their way through the economy.
He died after a long illness, said The Associated Press, which did not immediately report where in Bremen he had died.
Kaiser Wilhelm lost the throne of Germany after World War I and went into exile in the Netherlands.
Louis Ferdinand's wife, Kira, a kinswoman of Russian czars, died in 1967 after 29 years of marriage.
``Our team just feels about as low as you can get now after coming back in the second half and tying the score and still losing.
With Joey Kocur out for six weeks after having surgery on his right shoulder this past Friday, the 23-year-old Langdon is on the verge of making the Rangers.
In the fall of 1963, Williston & Beane began to have financial difficulties when it failed to meet capital requirements at the New York Stock Exchange and the American Stock Exchange after the bankruptcy of a client, Allied Crude Vegetable Oil and Refining Co., which was unable to meet margin calls on soybean and cottonseed futures clients.
The offense could then run out the clock and San Francisco could escape with a 17-13 victory, after trailing by 13-10 at halftime.
Here is a guy that after some Falcons games would have a huge white limo waiting for him and his party just outside the locker room.
Heck, he wasn't that emotional even after he broke the league record for career touchdowns earlier this season.
``I work hard in the off season to stay in shape, and that's the thing I learned after my first season,'' said Harmon, who made 6 catches for 74 yards, several of them with the Raiders knowing that he was the primary receiver on the play.
The hearing came one day after the Philip Morris Cos., the world's largest cigarette maker, said it would consider moving its headquarters out of New York City if the legislation passed.
Friedman, not incidentally, conveniently kept his judicial ambitions in check until after his name was already on the ballot for re-election to the Assembly.
Asked if the players were being too cooperative after cutbacks by management, Goodenow replied, ``We won't be pressured into a settlement because of takeaways or a pending lockout.'' ``If Gary and the owners decide to stop hockey, that's their prerogative,'' Goodenow said.
``I'm in a position where I can clearly draw the best players from around the country.'' With just one recruiting season and a couple of transfers from Hartford, Cirovski's Terrapins have won five of seven games this season after going 3-14-1 last year.
The second stock grant plan was awarded in February 1992, the day after the conversion was approved by state regulators.
Health Net complied after department officials threatened to revoke the company's 1992 conversion order.
Ackles, who handled the negotiations with Fishoff the last four days, was not brought into the process until Friday -- the day after Ryan mentioned Simms as a quarterback he would like to have.
A week after the first death from pneumonic plague in Surat, an industrial city 160 miles north of here where scores of people are believed to have died from the disease, there is evidence that it may be spreading elsewhere in the country.
``But after what I saw just now, I am convinced,'' he said.
In other cities where suspected sufferers were reported, doctors said it was possible that many of those under treatment would turn out to have malaria, common in India after the summer monsoons, or even severe cases of influenza.
Reports from Surat say that at least 500 doctors joined the exodus after the first plague deaths, including Khatija Saisee, chief pathologist at the New Civil Hospital.
Family members say that they have been attacked before: a Molotov cocktail was thrown through a window shortly after they moved into their row house 18 months ago and windows have been smashed.
The police said the intruders attacked the Smith family after Ms. Roberts' 15-year-old daughter, Erin Norton, and Ms. Smith's 12-year-old daughter, Joan, had an argument on Friday night.
Jones said he was dismissed only two days after he refused to ignore a government engineering report that had identified more than 100 design flaws that, if left unrepaired, would cause ``imminent and catastrophic failures.'' ``The real problem is this facility can't support the technology,'' Jones said Sunday in a telephone interview from his home in Lehi, Utah.
For instance, he said, two days after Jones arrived in Utah, he shut down the plant's laboratory for failing to have properly operating equipment to handle diluted solutions of nerve agent.
Shortly after 7 an argument broke out among four of the Haitian officers.
Taxis have been hijacked after taxi drivers drop off their last passenger, trucks have been hijacked for their cargo of rice or cigarettes, and some people's BMWs have been hijacked, recovered, then hijacked again.
That is partly because blacks, the primary victims of carjackings, are wary of going to the police out of fear of reprisal from the carjacker or suspicion of the police after decades of abuse under apartheid.
``There was some opposition to going after another network,'' he said, ``but a group of us urged that we had to make a stand.'' There have been grumblings through the network industry about how Fox has been to allowed to expand, free from many of the governmental restrictions that have limited the other networks.
Our purpose was to change the product, not harm it.'' Mitchell said he made a preliminary decision to abandon the bill last Tuesday, after Republican leaders told Clinton at a bipartisan meeting that if he pursued health care, they would block a new international trade pact, a threat they acknowledged last week.
Mitchell's concession came after initial efforts by Clinton to revamp the entire health care system had foundered, and the majority leader had struggled to find a more modest step that would keep the hope of universal health care alive for the future.
``It is very important now to get an infusion (of money and essential goods) into Haiti so that the economy can pick up and so that the people can feel that there is a new sense of life and optimism there,'' Madeleine Albright, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said after the president's speech.
``It is very important now to get an infusion (of money and essential goods) into Haiti so that the economy can pick up and so that the people can feel that there is a new sense of life and optimism there,'' Madeleine Albright, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said after the president's speech.
Monday, the refugees were driven to bus stations to head home, after being greeted by U.S. Ambassador William Swing and the American commander, Lt. Gen.
He named his alter-ego for 19th century general and explorer Zebulon Montgomery Pike, after whom Pikes Peak was named.
The uprising in Haiti's second-largest city began Saturday night after a firefight between U.S. Marines and Haitian police officers left 10 officers dead.
PRISONER FREED BY CROWD RECALLS SCREAMS IN NIGHT CAP-HAITIEN, Haiti  (BC-HAITI-PRISIONER-HNS) Emile Charles has emerged from his own little chamber of hell in the Grand Prison here after a three-year nightmare.
I didn't know if they were just beating the other prisoners or burning them to death.'' Charles, a rail-thin elderly man, lost track of time after his arrest in 1991, when Haiti's democratically elected president, the Rev.
The guards abandoned the sprawling penal complex after the Marines killed 10 Haitian police officers in a firefight outside a police station a few blocks away Saturday night.
Three of my friends disappeared after Aristide left, and I don't know if they are still alive.'' Siffra and hundreds of others sifted through the rubble in search of some remnant of their missing friends and relatives.
``So that's why I'm a few dollars lighter,'' said Ms. Smith, rattling the day's slimmer-than-usual pickings but maintaining her moon-faced smile for passing New Yorkers who seemed equally unattentive to the president's visit as they went after their own daily bread.
The one street incident of the day occurred when a woman from Queens, carrying a machete and a knife, was arrested near the United Nations after she asked to see the president.
The senators said Gravano's cooperation ``indicates that he is now taking steps to make amends for his past criminal conduct.'' Referring to assessments that Gravano truly regretted his past criminal behavior and wanted to turn his life around, Judge Glasser said after pronouncing the lenient sentence that he hoped those making the assessments would not be disappointed in the future.
Monday afternoon, 14 weeks after Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend, a waiter named Ronald L.
On Friday, after a second day of broadcasts of what he called erroneous reports on the case by a local television station, he threatened to ``terminate'' media coverage.
Outside the courthouse, the numbers of T-shirt vendors, religious zealots and and other assorted hucksters are increasing after a brief lull in the case.
``We had a difference of opinion with Montgomery with respect to the probability of the company achieving its plan for a quarter or two after the deal,'' says Michael McCaffery, Robertson's president.
The company's earnings sputtered after the deal, and its stock, which originally sold for $11, sank to $5.
Karen Calhoun, a spokeswoman for the commissioner, said after the hearing that if the city failed to meet the quarterly job training goal for home relief, it could be fined $3 million.
Councilman Stephen DiBrienza, the committee chairman, said after the hearing that the $90 million in cuts would amount to almost a 13 percent reduction in expenses in the agency that are under direct control of the city.
``I think that the commissioner and her deputies are refusing to look at the reality as it relates to service impact,'' said DiBrienza after the hearing.
(Dole, the minority leader and potential presidential candidate in 1996, initially seemed open to major health care restructuring but moved further and further to the right as the year went on.) I think the American people, after all the debate and discussion, understood it and wouldn't buy it.
I've sent signals to the White House that after they finish beating up on us, if that's what they choose to do, we'd like to examine ways to work more harmoniously together than we did in the last year or two, when they chose unwisely to demonize the health insurance industry.
The blacklisting was lifted after intense pressure from European allies and the U.S. Congress.
 Shares in Eurotunnel, which operates the Channel Tunnel between Britain and France, plunged after reports over the weekend that water was seeping into the tunnel.
Gold prices retreated after briefly rising to $400, closing at $397.80 an ounce for December delivery.
Markey, along with Jack Fields of Texas, the panel's ranking Republican, asked the commission in June to study the use of derivatives by mutual funds after a series of derivative-related losses at funds investing in Treasury bonds and money market securities, generally regarded as among the most conservative of investment vehicles.
PROSECUTORS MOVE TO INTERRUPT JURY SELECTION LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-TRIAL-HNS) Prosecutors in the O.J. Simpson murder trial, worried about potential ``jury contamination,'' Monday proposed to interrupt jury selection until after a key hearing on the admissibility of genetic evidence against the former football star.
Ito said he was pleased to garner such a large group of potential jurors after culling for hardship cases.
Sixty-five of those who made the first cut answered outright that they could serve without hardship, and the remainder were selected to fill out questionnaires after individual questioning.
That some of those jurors would then be deemed unfit after that hiatus is almost a foregone conclusion, the motion says.
It would resume after the hearing over the so-called ``Kelly-Frye'' genetic testing.
Still pending, as well, is Ito's threat to drastically reduce broadcast media access to the trial, a response to KNBC-TV's reports last week that DNA testing had confirmed the presence of Nicole Brown Simpson's blood on a pair of socks found at Simpson's mansion after the murders.
The audio feed into a communal pressroom that had been expected during jury selection will not, in fact, be available until after the potential jurors have been screened for hardships and have completed questionnaires.
Ito also agreed, after urging by the media attorney, to allow three pool reporters into the early jury selection process instead of one wire service reporter.
Although former East Germans are disappointed with the results of German reunification under Kohl and West Germans yearn for change after 12 years of Christian Democratic coalitions, Stabreit said most voters aren't sure what changes Scharping would bring.
A day after civilian mobs stormed and ransacked the city's four police stations and the central military barracks, residents here in Haiti's second-largest city began returning to their daily lives: walking to market, sweeping their stoops and swapping gossip on park benches.
Residents have turned in more than 200 weapons that they seized from the police stations and the barracks, illustrating an unusual sense of responsibility after the pillaging.
Members of the Johannesburg flying squad, a special unit of the South African Police Service, arresting a suspect after a car hijacking.
Falk/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT1) LAKE CITY, Florida -- September 26, 1994 -- GA-FOOTBALL-III, 9-24 -- Long after their Valdosta High School team had preserved its unbeaten record in Lake City, Fla., Friday night, a number of fans milled around the stadium, soaking up the vibes of a satisfying victory.
Mike O'Brien, Valdosta High School's assistant coach, stands with his son Ben after the victory.
Members of the Johannesburg flying squad, a special unit of the South African Police Service, arresting a suspect after a car hijacking.
Falk/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT1) LAKE CITY, Florida -- September 26, 1994 -- GA-FOOTBALL-III, 9-24 -- Long after their Valdosta High School team had preserved its unbeaten record in Lake City, Fla., Friday night, a number of fans milled around the stadium, soaking up the vibes of a satisfying victory.
Mike O'Brien, Valdosta High School's assistant coach, stands with his son Ben after the victory.
Members of the Johannesburg flying squad, a special unit of the South African Police Service, arresting a suspect after a car hijacking.
Falk/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT1) LAKE CITY, Florida -- September 26, 1994 -- GA-FOOTBALL-III, 9-24 -- Long after their Valdosta High School team had preserved its unbeaten record in Lake City, Fla., Friday night, a number of fans milled around the stadium, soaking up the vibes of a satisfying victory.
Mike O'Brien, Valdosta High School's assistant coach, stands with his son Ben after the victory.
Judd kissed his way to victory shortly after two other contestants were disqualified for nodding off and losing lip position.
Esiason was injured on his first pass attempt after joining the 30,000-yard club when he had connected with Johnny Mitchell.
On Sunday the Jets will be trying to stop a two-game losing streak that has all but eroded the optimism generated after their 2-0 start under their rookie coach, Pete Carroll.
In the preseason, Trudeau, who was signed as a free agent during the off-season after he left the Colts, connected on 69 percent of his passes (compared to Esiason's 46.9 percent).
Taxis have been hijacked after taxi drivers drop off their last passenger, trucks have been hijacked for their cargo of rice or cigarettes, and some people's BMWs have been hijacked, recovered, then hijacked again.
That is partly because blacks, the primary victims of carjackings, are wary of going to the police out of fear of reprisal from the carjacker or suspicion of the police after decades of abuse under apartheid.
He had two bypass operations, and after the second in 1983, a transfusion of tainted blood left him HIV-positive, something he did not discover until 1988.
Minorities account for only 1 percent.'' Statistics presented Monday painted a monochromatic picture of life in the executive suites three decades after the passage of the Civil Rights Act and long after calls by leaders of the women's movement for a revolution in America's boardrooms.
27: Sweden's election last week put the Social Democrats back in office after three years of conservative rule.
Two attackers, who pretended to ask for directions as they approached the Pagans' car shortly after 6 p.m. on Sunday, tried to rob Mrs.
``It's not happening only at night anymore,'' said Steve Dorian, the owner of a nearby masonry shop who called the police after he saw a woman carrying a baby sprinting from the scene of the shooting, then looked to find Pagan sprawled on the street.
``It's all up for grabs.'' Monday, Stephanie Pagan washed dishes in the apartment of her parents, and her 19-year-old brother, Jason, slept after having spent the night at the hospital.
She said her father had come to New York from Puerto Rico as a boy, had worked in the construction industry before his health forced him to subsist on Social Security benefits, and had remarried after his first wife had died.
Although crowds had waned after the preliminary hearing, more than 200 spectators and media representatives spilled onto the Temple Street sidewalk, marking a resurgence in interest as the trial got under way.
He said Campbell Mithun was awarded the account after a monthlong review that also included Grey and two other agencies on the US West roster, BBDO Minneapolis and Rubin Postaer & Associates in Santa Monica, Calif.
	Lifetime Television, the cable network in New York with programming aimed at women, has moved its estimated $7 million account in-house after only six months at Lois/USA in New York.
Stokes returned to action Saturday after missing two games, played for a half and sat out the rest of the game because his bruised left thigh tightened.
If you don't like it, don't come out and watch us play.'' Donahue declined any comment on the boos after the game, but Monday he said they shouldn't be taken too hard.
Considering this is the seventh time the Raiders have started 1-3 and they finished above .500 only twice after those starts, it's easy to understand the sense of urgency surrounding the team.
The North Stars released Quinn after 11 games for breaking curfew and the one-time 40-goal-scorer was shunned by almost every other NHL team.
New Kings general manager Sam McMaster gave Quinn a call in June after he hooked up with the Ottawa Senators for the final 13 games and scored seven goals.
``What happened to me should never happen to a person,'' Quinn, 29, said after a recent exhibition game.
Earlier in the day, Ito unsealed a prosecution motion seeking to delay individual questioning of jury prospects until after a hearing to determine the admissibility of DNA evidence.
BELGIAN BACKED FOR NATO LEADERSHIP POST PARIS  (BC-NATO-LEADER-NYT) The Belgian foreign minister, Willy Claes, won the backing Monday of all 16 NATO members to succeed the late Manfred Worner as secretary general after the last remaining challenger withdrew.
Here are some previous informers: Joseph Valachi: The first person to admit belonging to a crime family; he revealed in 1963 before a U.S. Senate committee that the Mafia's true name was La Cosa Nostra, ``Our Thing.'' Tommaso Buscetta: A member of the Sicilian Mafia, he joined the Federal Witness Protection Program in 1983 after seven relatives were killed in a civil war in Sicily; helped convict 500 mob figures.
Jimmy Frattiano: The acting head of the Mafia in Los Angeles, he became a federal witness in 1977 and helped convict two dozen mob members; died in 1979 after a decade in the Witness Protection Program.
Luigi Ronsisvalle: He was imprisoned for 15 years in 1979 after pleading guilty to manslaughter and plotting to kill a federal prosecutor; as a federal witness he testified against Mafia leader Salvatore Catalano in 1987.
Hobson, who was fired last Tuesday after three losing seasons with the Red Sox, telephoned Royals General Manager Herk Robinson late last week to inquire about the Royals' opening.
Robinson said the Royals will have no other interviews planned until after their first round of candidates has been brought in.
Earlier in the day, Ito unsealed a prosecution motion seeking to delay individual questioning of jury prospects until after a hearing to determine the admissibility of DNA evidence.
``It was my first time to the new ballpark and obviously I was impressed with both it and Mr. Schieffer.'' The Rangers general manager's position has been open since Sept.14, when general manager Tom Grieve was relieved of his duties after 10 years and reassigned as assistant to Schieffer.
Jocketty has been with the Rockies since July 1, 1993, after 14 years with the Oakland Athletics.
Denver Coach Wade Phillips, who is trying to stave off calls for his dismissal, may already have learned that Jack Faulkner was dismissed as Broncos coach after losing the first four games in 1964.
They started their final 53 yards away from the Buffalo goal line after a 24-yard punt return by Glyn Milburn.
It was no coincidence that Berlin was the host for national twist contests in the 1960s, or that entertainers like Louis Armstrong and Ella Fitzgerald became near-deities here after appearing at sold-out concerts.
``There will still be `souvenirs d'amour' being born up to nine months after the last (un)known Allied soldier has left town.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
But since the species do not actually go extinct for 50 to 500 years after the fragmentation of their habitat dooms them, the researchers report, natural areas may now look healthier than they really are.
Because extinctions occur generations after fragmentation takes place, the scientists reported in the British journal Nature this month, they constitute an ecological ``debt'' that will come due in the future unless it is repaid through restoration.
But after 900 acres have been lost, the loss of an additional acre might doom 40 more species.
Study after study, Tilman said, reports the same kinds of trade-offs in animal communities from insects to large mammals: moose, for instance, are adapted and generally confined to wilderness, while deer do not compete well in the deep woods but roam far and wide, flourishing and multiplying in disturbed areas.
But after 83 years of penguin watching, scientists are still encountering surprises, including a recent discovery made with a night-vision device that revealed emperor penguins to be even hardier than had been supposed.
The penguins at the exposed periphery of a cluster generally manage to work their way inside after a fairly brief period acting as community windshields.
During the first part of the reproductive cycle the mothers must fast, but after eggs are laid, they leave to fatten up.
As a result of such homebody habits, generation after generation of insects can remain on the same branch or twig.
Adelies breed in the Antarctic spring on densely populated rocky rookeries, and before the summer sun sets in March, at the beginning of the long winter night, the chicks are mature enough to look after themselves.
They were star students and star athletes, and both, after watching ``Ben Casey''and ``Dr. Kildare,'' wanted to be doctors and save lives.
One of Dr. Swain's current projects is to see whether it might be possible to coax new heart muscle to grow after a heart attack.
Dr. Swain explained that after about age 2, heart muscle cells do not grow.
A cough or sneeze from an infected but symptomless individual could pass pneumonic plague to another passenger or to someone else days after disembarking, as has happened with measles and tuberculosis.
Although he has his critics, Carter is riding a wave of adoration after averting a bloody U.S. invasion of Haiti.
But last week, after pulling the United States back from the brink of war, he got a hero's welcome in his hometown, by crowds that have not always embraced him.
The Popes, members of the Peanut Brigade -- which campaigned for Carter when he was known as ``Jimmy Who?'' -- remember how dejected he was when he returned to Plains after a blistering loss to Ronald Reagan in 1980.
He was also the first president to walk from the Capitol to the White House after his inauguration.
Carter said he hopes to raise a $100 million endowment that will keep the Carter Center going after he and Mrs.
FRANKLIN GRAHAM FOLLOWS HIS FAMOUS DAD, BILLY, AT THE PULPIT RALEIGH, N.C.  (BC-GRAHAM-COX) In his biggest crusade yet, after 18 months of praying and planning by volunteers from 117 churches, Franklin Graham got off to a slow start.
This crusade comes 20 years after Franklin ended his wild youth of smoking, drinking and flunking out of school.
It's indoctrination.'' Vega said he decided to run after Berlanga voted in favor of the health texts, even though his children won't use them because they attend private, Christian schools.
SPORTS COMMENTARY: ZEIER MYSTERY RESOLVED: CULPRIT IS AN AILING ARM ATLANTA  (BC-TUCKER-COLUMN-COX) Georgia quarterback Eric Zeier humbly insisted after Saturday's game that he felt fine, that he just had a bad day, the type most players have from time to time.
Asked on his radio show the day after the game if Zeier's three-interception performance should hurt his Heisman candidacy, Georgia coach Ray Goff said: ``No, he threw for 257 yards .
Monday night, after 90 minutes of trick shots and then an hour of chatting with the Belmont crowd, he finally headed to the door with his wife.
Well, one lady was wearing a score of earrings under an NBC hat, a surefire way to be dismissed after KNBC-TV's pretrial publicity foul-ups.
Well, one lady was wearing a score of earrings under an NBC hat, a surefire way to be dismissed after KNBC-TV's pretrial publicity foul-ups.
However, reductions in dosage and duration of use after severe side effects were reported undermine claims that the drug has always been safe.
That means the FDA relies on drug manufacturers to provide negative information about their own products after investing millions in research.
In a memorandum written shortly after Britain suspended use of the drug, Upjohn's marketing experts recommended a ``containment strategy'' to protect sales.
Murder charges were dropped after court-appointed psychiatrists determined that Grundberg had been involuntarily intoxicated by Halcion.
However, reductions in dosage and duration of use after severe side effects were reported undermine claims that the drug has always been safe.
That means the FDA relies on drug manufacturers to provide negative information about their own products after investing millions in research.
In a memorandum written shortly after Britain suspended use of the drug, Upjohn's marketing experts recommended a ``containment strategy'' to protect sales.
The couple went to a lawyer a few months after the incident.
3, 1991, after the district attorney became convinced that Ayers' conduct was caused by Halcion.
Ayers' brother recently revealed he had taken Halcion to help him sleep after back surgery.
Her daughter thinks that's the main reason Grundberg hanged herself June 22 -- just two days after the sixth anniversary of the 1988 shooting death of Mildred Coates.
An attorney pursuing a class-action suit in Brooklyn, New York, dropped the former president's name during a hearing in April, after the presiding judge asked rather archly whether people claiming Halcion side effects were complaining of upset stomachs.
But Maleck's survivors have since filed suit against the Upjohn Co., claiming his three years of Halcion use after a 1985 car accident caused the mental state that drove him to suicide.
``When you have two in a small hamlet,'' Pillersdorf said, ``it makes you wonder how many of these are out there.'' A folksy North Carolina furniture company sales representative, Jerry Byrd said he took Halcion for about two weeks after heart bypass surgery in late August 1991.
The agency disqualified Feurst and tossed out his data in 1984 -- two years after Halcion was approved in the United States.
 (BC-HALCION-FDA-2NDTAKE-$ADV00-HNS) At times, the FDA's position -- as expressed by Leber, director of the division responsible for evaluating drugs such as Halcion -- has been Orwellian: ``Because Halcion is on the market, it is de facto a safe and effective drug, adequately labeled and adequately being used,'' he said several years after the drug's 1982 approval.
In 1985, two years after Halcion went on the U.S. market, FDA Deputy Commissioner Mark Novitch, a medical doctor, left the agency to become an Upjohn vice president.
In May 1992, after the head of the FDA's epidemiology branch reported that adverse reactions for Halcion still were ``far in excess'' of those of Restoril, Leber convened the second advisory panel.
``The people responsible for approving drugs are sometimes very defensive after the fact about defending their decision,'' said Erspamer, the retired FDA investigator.
DNA testing -- increasingly familiar to the public since O.J. Simpson's arrest -- has the power to demonstrate that a suspected rapist or murderer could not have produced the blood, semen or spit found after a crime.
In 1990, after 11 years as a staff physician, manager and director of the Drug Experience Unit, he was reassigned to a position in which he no longer supervised employees.
In case after case, Upjohn has been able to portray its accusers as flawed people with pre-existing conditions -- raising questions about whether Halcion can fairly be blamed for strange behaviors.
He and his family sued Upjohn after Halcion's potential dangers came to light a few years later.
Martin Amador, 43, was released Monday evening from San Francisco City Jail after the district attorney decided not to file charges against him at this time in connection with the death of Susan Chavez Hongisto, 34.
``I'm angry about her getting those drugs, but what's the point in going after him?
Martin Amador, 43, was released Monday evening from San Francisco City Jail after the district attorney decided not to file charges against him at this time in connection with the death of Susan Chavez Hongisto, 34.
``I'm angry about her getting those drugs, but what's the point in going after him?
The police cars were a constant presence around the house for a long time after the incident, he said.
Corporate investors finally figured it out about two years ago, and really opened their vaults after Congress made the credits permanent in 1993.
Corporate investors finally figured it out about two years ago, and really opened their vaults after Congress made the credits permanent in 1993.
Soon after my junior-high visit, I decided to reread some Pease, undertaking the mission with some trepidation, but was quickly put at ease.
NICOLE SIMPSON'S HOME ON `MAP TO THE STARS' LOS ANGELES  (BC-NICOLE-STAR-HNS) There are plenty of dead stars on the Map of Movie Star's Homes, but Nicole Simpson is the only one who be came a star after death.
``You know what the medical examiner said about the rigatoni.'' The thing about the Mezzaluna is that it's kind of fun, even after its appearances on ``Inside Edition.'' You'd go there if you lived in the neighborhood too.
``You should have been here right after it happened,'' said the guy next to me, Gary Frieden, a psychologist who does entertainment market research.
NICOLE SIMPSON'S HOME ON `MAP TO THE STARS' LOS ANGELES  (BC-NICOLE-STAR-HNS) There are plenty of dead stars on the Map of Movie Star's Homes, but Nicole Simpson is the only one who be came a star after death.
``You know what the medical examiner said about the rigatoni.'' The thing about the Mezzaluna is that it's kind of fun, even after its appearances on ``Inside Edition.'' You'd go there if you lived in the neighborhood too.
``You should have been here right after it happened,'' said the guy next to me, Gary Frieden, a psychologist who does entertainment market research.
The agency disqualified Feurst and tossed out his data in 1984 -- two years after Halcion was approved in the United States.
 (BC-HALCION-FDA-2NDTAKE-$ADV00-HNS) At times, the FDA's position -- as expressed by Leber, director of the division responsible for evaluating drugs such as Halcion -- has been Orwellian: ``Because Halcion is on the market, it is de facto a safe and effective drug, adequately labeled and adequately being used,'' he said several years after the drug's 1982 approval.
In 1985, two years after Halcion went on the U.S. market, FDA Deputy Commissioner Mark Novitch, a medical doctor, left the agency to become an Upjohn vice president.
In May 1992, after the head of the FDA's epidemiology branch reported that adverse reactions for Halcion still were ``far in excess'' of those of Restoril, Leber convened the second advisory panel.
``The people responsible for approving drugs are sometimes very defensive after the fact about defending their decision,'' said Erspamer, the retired FDA investigator.
Strange, after what I plan to do ...
SUMMIT-YELTSIN (Washington)  (BC-HEARST-NEWS-SERVICE-HNS) Boris Yeltsin ordered four top aides scheduled to accompany him to the United States to stay in Moscow after they objected last week to a draft of the speech he gave Monday to the United Nations.
Founded in 1670 by English colonists who christened it Charles Towne after Charles II, the city was a trading center.
Because, after we'd passed the rant around the office and had a good laugh, I found I sympathized with the ranter.
Not even after 11 mostly brilliant seasons as the Washington Redskins' principal pass rusher.
``So far, laboratory and field tests have given us a very good match for marine environments.'' In a few months, after a required review period that probably will produce some changes in the program, it will become an official government method of calculating damages from future spills.
``So far, laboratory and field tests have given us a very good match for marine environments.'' In a few months, after a required review period that probably will produce some changes in the program, it will become an official government method of calculating damages from future spills.
The Rioja region of Spain was largely developed by Bordeaux wine makers who went there after phylloxera destroyed most of their own vineyards in the late 19th century.
Derived from an English seedling found growing wild in 1770, the pear was acquired by Enoch Bartlett in Massachusetts in 1817, who named it after himself.
Jacques Chirac, the Gaullist mayor of Paris and presidential contender, presided over a music and light show on the world's most famous avenue to mark its return to elegance after two decades in which haute cuisine gave way to fast food and haute couture crumbled before jeans and tank-tops, with drug-peddling and prostitution for a backdrop.
In 1989, when Fouquet's, the restaurant on the corner of the Champs-Elysees and the Avenue George V, was threatened with closure after a Gulf developer bought the building, the Socialist government declared it a national monument and the city decided to act.
Jacques Chirac, the Gaullist mayor of Paris and presidential contender, presided over a music and light show on the world's most famous avenue to mark its return to elegance after two decades in which haute cuisine gave way to fast food and haute couture crumbled before jeans and tank-tops, with drug-peddling and prostitution for a backdrop.
In 1989, when Fouquet's, the restaurant on the corner of the Champs-Elysees and the Avenue George V, was threatened with closure after a Gulf developer bought the building, the Socialist government declared it a national monument and the city decided to act.
Jacques Chirac, the Gaullist mayor of Paris and presidential contender, presided over a music and light show on the world's most famous avenue to mark its return to elegance after two decades in which haute cuisine gave way to fast food and haute couture crumbled before jeans and tank-tops, with drug-peddling and prostitution for a backdrop.
In 1989, when Fouquet's, the restaurant on the corner of the Champs-Elysees and the Avenue George V, was threatened with closure after a Gulf developer bought the building, the Socialist government declared it a national monument and the city decided to act.
BIZARRE HORSE MYSTERY TAKES CHILLING TURN WITH TRAINER'S DEATH SYDNEY  (BC-DEADHORSE-WHODUNIT-INDEPENDENT) One of the racing world's most bizarre mysteries took a chilling turn Tuesday when a prominent Australian horse trainer died after suffering symptoms similar to those that have killed 14 horses.
Vic Rail, 50, died after a heart attack in a Brisbane hospital, where he was admitted a week ago when his health began to decline.
BIZARRE HORSE MYSTERY TAKES CHILLING TURN WITH TRAINER'S DEATH SYDNEY  (BC-DEADHORSE-WHODUNIT-INDEPENDENT) One of the racing world's most bizarre mysteries took a chilling turn Tuesday when a prominent Australian horse trainer died after suffering symptoms similar to those that have killed 14 horses.
Vic Rail, 50, died after a heart attack in a Brisbane hospital, where he was admitted a week ago when his health began to decline.
BIZARRE HORSE MYSTERY TAKES CHILLING TURN WITH TRAINER'S DEATH SYDNEY  (BC-DEADHORSE-WHODUNIT-INDEPENDENT) One of the racing world's most bizarre mysteries took a chilling turn Tuesday when a prominent Australian horse trainer died after suffering symptoms similar to those that have killed 14 horses.
Vic Rail, 50, died after a heart attack in a Brisbane hospital, where he was admitted a week ago when his health began to decline.
People can come in after work in the evening for the treatment and go home afterwards.
People can come in after work in the evening for the treatment and go home afterwards.
GIFTS THAT KEEP ON GIVING IT TO YOU  (BC-HAHN-COLUMN-SPI) It ain't the criminals out after dark I'm afraid of; it's the law-abiding folks who shop the exotic, so-called survival weapon catalogs that scare the bejabbers out of me.
(NSDQ:BRKT) was down 2 to 9 3/4 on volume of 63,400 shares, 2.9 times average daily volume, after John Hancock Institutional Equity Services and Olde Discount cut earnings estimates on the fax hardware and software manufacturer.
It will own 8% of Sugen after the offering.
Before he declared for the NFL draft he had rushed for 4,589 yards and 62 TDs. Lacking all-state high school credentials, he picked San Diego State over several bigger football powers after rumbles that he might be converted to a defensive back.
Complaining that the college game wasn't fun when he faced eight- and nine-man lines every week, Faulk decided to turn professional after his junior season and the NFL waited eagerly.
Evelyn Bassoff, author of ``Between Mothers and Sons,'' said she began writing her book after her son Jonathan, now 20, nearly died from a head injury during a baseball game.
--Teach him to empathize with others by talking about feelings -- his and others' -- especially after he has had an argument or fight with friends or siblings.
``And, after all,'' Robin said, ``for me, that would be the first time that I'd heard them.'' 
All the museum's ceramics, glass, furniture, textiles and graphics in the show were acquired after 1980, at a time when de Stijl items were unavailable or too costly.
The same themes were favored by the architect Gerrit Rietveld, even before he joined the group in 1919, a year after his famous red-blue chair was introduced.
	The government decided to study more closely the safety of international airlines after a Colombian jetliner crashed on Long Island in 1990.
1, more than a year and half after the World Trade Center explosion.
Remembering him in her cabaret show the night after his death, the singer Barbara Cook recalled receiving backstage praise from Styne following a 1985 concert performance of ``Follies'' at Avery Fisher Hall.
``Never-Never Land,'' the Styne song that Ms. Cook chose to sing after telling her stories, comes from the 1954 show ``Peter Pan,'' where it describes a place of eternal youth.
The motto of Beethoven's Fifth Symphony is ``clear, direct -- like your father saying `Go to bed!' '' Sibelius's Second Symphony is constructed from a simple three-note motif, but its finale suggests ``the joy of climbing a mountain'' or the ``rejoicing after a storm.'' Bernstein also related musical phrasing to familiar aspects of language.
All the museum's ceramics, glass, furniture, textiles and graphics in the show were acquired after 1980, at a time when de Stijl items were unavailable or too costly.
The same themes were favored by the architect Gerrit Rietveld, even before he joined the group in 1919, a year after his famous red-blue chair was introduced.
A PAIR OF FAIR LADIES, BOTH TRIED AND TRUE  (BC-FILMS4KIDS-$ADV02-NYT) My Fair Lady Rex Harrison, Audrey Hepburn (and Marni Nixon's voice) Directed by George Cukor G 173 minutes Thirty years after this Lerner and Loewe stage classic was filmed, a restored version has been released.
	WASH-FOLEY (Republic, Wash.) -- Just days after an anemic showing in his primary and a poll that put him 19 points behind his Republican challenger, Speaker Thomas S.
	TRADE-CONGRESS (Washington) -- President Clinton sent his bill implementing the new world trade agreement to Capitol Hill today after a final effort to win over wavering members of Congress.
``We're readier than we ever have been,'' said Jones after the astronauts arrived at Kennedy in a trio of National Aeronautics and Space Administration training jets.
A Las Vegas engagement was Travis' first concert after his two years off.
``I'm always nervous before I go onstage anyway, and after the first two songs I usually settle down.
I told 'em I wanted to make an album with nothing but singles on it.'' Travis said he worried about how the album would be received, after the hiatus.
In the four years since she learned that she had a form of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, a cancer of the lymph nodes, she has experienced repeated remissions and recurrences and, in the process, learned a great deal about how to live with and after cancer.
If anything, the tools and strengths that you can gain through your cancer experience will allow you to exercise more control over your life after cancer.'' After two recurrences and experimental treatment, Dr. Harpham is now in remission and about to complete another book, this one for children whose parents have cancer and are expected to survive.
	Chen underwent surgery this month for testicular cancer after he was released on medical parole from a 13-year prison sentence last May at the request of President Clinton and 54 U.S. senators.
	GENEVA (NYT) -- Six weeks after the United States and North Korea endorsed a framework for settling their nuclear dispute, the latest round of negotiations between the two sides is deadlocked, raising doubts about whether they can agree on new moves to implement last month's accord.
AMERICAN STUDENT'S DEATH PROVOKES QUESTIONS ON SAFETY IN MOSCOW MOSCOW  (BC-RUSSIA-AMERICANS-680&add-COX) A month after he arrived from Memphis to study Russian, Nicholas Platt, 15, learned that another American exchange student had been discovered lying in a pool of blood outside a Moscow student dormitory.
You invite trouble.'' Ten days after arriving in Moscow, Riccio fell or was pushed on Sept.
Russian police said he evidently died of a heart attack after his apartment was burglarized, but American law enforcement agencies treated the case an apparent murder.
``We're readier than we ever have been,'' said Jones after the astronauts arrived at Kennedy in a trio of National Aeronautics and Space Administration training jets.
I was advised after his death to live my life from that point on in honor of his memory, to do things that he would be proud of, and that immediately gave me somewhere to go.'' 
The blues, after all, is what Clapton does best.
GENEVA (NYT)  (BC-WORLD-BRIEFS-NYT) Six weeks after the United States and North Korea endorsed a framework for settling their nuclear dispute, the latest round of negotiations between the two sides is deadlocked, raising doubts about whether they can agree on new moves to implement last month's accord.
Now, at 60, after two years of marriage to Bernard d'Ormale, a marriage that raised eyebrows because of d'Ormale's friendship with the far-right National Front leader, Jean-Marie Le Pen, she has been largely left in peace with only one television program to mark the anniversary.
Now, at 60, after two years of marriage to Bernard d'Ormale, a marriage that raised eyebrows because of d'Ormale's friendship with the far-right National Front leader, Jean-Marie Le Pen, she has been largely left in peace with only one television program to mark the anniversary.
Sopkin had been in poor health for several years, and died apparently after a heart attack, according to his brother, Elliott.
The Liberal Democrats had governed Japan since 1955, but were ousted last year after a series of corruption scandals and internal strife over how to cope with the scandals.
But after a year of turmoil, the Liberal Democrats rode back into power in June by forging a coalition with the Socialists, one-time foes.
Aristide, who has yet to announce when he will return to his impoverished nation, has been allowed free access to nearly $90 million in Haitian funds seized by the United States after a military coup ousted him in 1991.
FED MEETING ENDS WITH NO ANNOUNCEMENT ON INTEREST RATES WASHINGTON  (BC-FED-275&ADD-NYT) The Federal Reserve's committee on interest rates adjourned after a four-hour meeting Tuesday without announcing any change in short-term interest rates.
The Fed issued only a brief statement after Tuesday's meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee, which controls the interest rates that banks pay to borrow money overnight.
A U.S. patrol rushed to the town's cemetery after the recent attack looking for boy's assailants, who were reported hiding among the pastel mausoleums.
Luiz, a Boston native and a veteran of Somalia, a country still mired in violence long after the withdrawal of U.S. peacekeeping forces, said he feared American forces might not achieve lasting peace in Haiti, either.
The band's lawyer, Jody Graham Dunitz, said that she hoped to release the band from its relationship with the record label under a section in the California Labor Code that permits an employee to be freed from a personal-services contract after seven years.
Aristide, who has yet to announce when he will return to his impoverished nation, has been allowed free access to nearly $90 million in Haitian funds seized by the United States after a military coup ousted him in 1991.
Congress, for instance, passed a catastrophic health care package a few years ago after debating the issue only briefly.
Is it any accident that it happened after she decided to make herself into a writer?
Michael Huffington, R-Calif., who is running for the Senate after serving one House term.
The idea, he said, is to wait for the next session in order to get a chance to influence legislation after Republicans are expected to increase their numbers in the November elections.
27 -- One day after health care reform was declared dead by Senate leaders, U.S. Sen.
The lawyers conceded that the 87-year-old Clifford had already removed the bulk of $18 million in assets that he had in New York after he was dropped from a fraud suit involving the Bank of Credit & Commerce International on the ground of ill health.
Two exceptions are Miami, which has suffered a serious drop in tourism after a series of tourist shootings, and the Los Angeles area, which has endured three urban nightmares -- earthquakes, fires and riots -- in the last few years.
Turner also said that he had assembled a $5 billion offer for NBC a year ago, but that the network's owner, General Electric Co., would not begin discussions unless he could first win permission from ``my handlers.'' Tuesday's outburst apparently came after lengthy private arguments between Turner and Time Warner's top management.
``I know you've turned the corner.'' Pena said he believes the entire airline industry is starting to recover after struggling for several years.
-- It was big stuff to hear Monday that a writer named Sandy Veith had won a $7.3 million judgment against Universal Studios and MCA Inc., after a Superior Court judge ruled that the CBS show ``Northern Exposure'' was based on a 1981 teleplay Veith wrote titled ``Coletta.'' Of course, anyone seeking damages from a breach of contract or copyright infringement has a long, uphill battle, no matter how solid the case.
But after hearing his presentation, some of those seeking to protect the island said they were not convinced.
Four months after the bra was introduced to great fanfare in New York, its popularity apparently has not waned.
``I really didn't know about all the celebrity stuff.'' Predictably, the constant media scrutiny directed toward Willis after the disastrous ``Hudson Hawk'' was merciless.
Willis is evasive about his project after ``Die Hard III,'' which he is still negotiating.
The time is the mid-1950s, 25 years after the horror star's screen triumph in Tod Browning's ``Dracula.'' Except for occasional appearances reprising the part that made him famous, Lugosi has long been out of work.
The process began after Landau read the script.
And in 1992 the chancellor barricaded himself in his bedroom after a machete-wielding woman broke into his mansion.
Their big problems began in 1974, four years after Nasser's death, when officials from the Ministry of Religious Endowment appeared unannounced in the village.
On July 1, after an anti-inflation plan drawn up by Cardoso when he was finance minister, the Brazilian government started a new currency, the real.
If you go house to house, you'll find it's Fernando Henrique.'' A few moments after she spoke, a dozen Red Command soldiers walked down the street, their pistols and automatic rifles casually displayed.
Saying that he would probably nullify his ballot, de Andrade warned balefully, ``This fancy new currency is going to die after the election.'' More than a personality contest, the election Monday now seems to be a referendum on one question: How real is the real?
YELTSIN LEAVES FOUR AIDES AT HOME AFTER SQUABBLE  (BC-SUMMIT-YELTSIN-HNS) WASHINGTON - President Boris Yeltsin ordered his senior foreign policy adviser and three other top aides, scheduled to accompany him to the United States, to stay in Moscow last week after they criticized him, a senior Russian official here said Tuesday.
 (BC-WASH-FOLEY-ART-2TAKES-NYT) Just days after an anemic showing in his primary and one local poll that put him 19 points behind his Republican challenger, House Speaker Thomas S.
Elway, the Seattle pollster, said that after Foley filed suit, voters in his district were deeply offended that someone would take such an active role in trying to overturn what the voters had approved.
The talks broke up after about eight hours of discussion without a settlement being reached.
Goodenow has stressed to his members the effect an entry-level pay scale would have on veterans after a few seasons.
There was one interview after being dismissed from the sanitarium, after his drug rehabilitation.'' A user of morphine since World War I, Lugosi may have been the first actor to endure rehabilitation in the public eye.
And Lacey details the passionate side of Grace who had an active love life, that he said existed both before and after her marriage to the prince, in contrast to the virginal wholesomeness projected by Grace, the glamorous movie star.
Things began turning sour about a decade later, after Grace had produced three children, heirs to the throne, and discovered how hollow and lonely the life of a princess was, Lacey said.
At the time, it was explained that she lived there to look after the children, who were in school, Lacey said, Her interest in younger men started in the mid-1970s when she was in her mid-40s.
Lacey wrote in his book that after Grace died, ``Monaco reverted to its traditional shadiness but Grace's presence rendered it magical -- dignified, even -- for a season.'' ``I think ethically, I find Monaco rather distasteful,'' Lacey said in the interview.
This is harder and louder.'' Because fans of the two acts often differ greatly in age, it's likely sales of ``Barbra: The Concert'' will pick up after the work day ends Tuesday.
NYNEX rose 2, to 38 after agreeing to reduce some local-telephone rates in the Northeast over seven years in return for the removal of some regulatory limits on profits.
``The defining events for the public's more favorable evaluation of home and auto insurers have been the companies' response in helping people after catastrophes,'' said Gordon C.
Among other things, as King pointed out, that clears the way for the smooth return of Mike Tyson after the expected release of the former champion and King protege from an Indiana prison next spring.
But after McCall gave his assent to a McNeeley fight, King was talking about holding it in December at Boston Garden, the arena where McNeeley's grandfather, Tom McNeeley Sr., had been on the first card in 1928.
``If we're in the same position a month from now, we'll have to see.'' More will be known after next Wednesday, when the league's Board of Governors meets in New York.
The college president, Leroy Keith Jr., 55, resigned as of Friday after a special audit raised questions about his compensation and living expenses.
Then came the Newton Message Pad from Apple, whose initial hand-writing recognition software became the butt of jokes, and which has had total sales of only about 100,000 units after more than a year on the market.
But after the EO debacle and the slow sales of Newton, the idea of personal digital assistants for a mass market is in ``disrepute,'' Bluestein said.
``We formed the idea of an all-male cast after having been to Tokyo a lot with Cheek by Jowl,'' Donnellan said in a recent conversation at the Savoy Hotel over coffee.
``We looked after him while he was dying.
``The publishing industry is very much in the Stone Age.'' After years of haggling, after which she sued, Ms. Appelbaum has now settled with HarperCollins, with the publisher agreeing to pay her $7,000 in back royalties, along with her legal and audit fees.
His 27-yard touchdown run came with 18 seconds to go in the half and came after the Bills recovered an Elway fumble.
Turner said Lohmiller's job was in jeopardy after he missed a 47-yard field goal in the team's loss to Atlanta on Sunday.
But after 45 days his committee would have to discharge the legislation, which appears to have majorities in its favor in the House and Senate alike.
Now, after a short strike, the athletes have been assured the check is in the mail.
Roosevelt: ``We have nothing to fear but fear itself.'' He quoted Ronald Reagan: ``We have every right to dream heroic dreams; after all, we are Americans.'' And he said that while it might be a heroic dream to think the budget could be balanced, it could be accomplished through ``tremendous creativity and new effort.'' The rally on the steps off the West Front of the Capitol had the flavor of a political convention.
Most obvious standouts: the Gang of Four-like ``I Don't Sleep, I Dream,'' a frantic ``Star 69,'' the metalesque ``I Took Your Name'' and the oddly affecting ``Let Me In,'' which Stipe wrote after the suicide of Kurt Cobain.
TREASURY ISSUES RETREAT AS FED LEAVES RATES UNCHANGED NEW YORK  (BC-CREDIT-NYT) Prices of Treasury long-term securities fell on Tuesday after the Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged.
The market moved after the Fed announced in the afternoon that its Federal Open Market Committee has decided not to raise its target for short-term interest rates, which is now 4.75 percent.
As a result, said Fine, ``You can't look at capacity utilization by itself as a guide to inflation.'' One sign of concern about inflation may have been the surge in the price of gold to over $400 an ounce just after the announcement by the Fed that it would not raise interest rates.
Allen, also the athletic director, was able to persuade the school's administration to reinstate Seay after he recovered from the shooting.
Not by the little girl who is said to bounce a red ball through the halls of the Dakota, many decades after death, saying happily, ``It's my birthday.'' Not by the weeping Olive Thomas, the long-ago Ziegfeld Follies star who has been sighted from time to time, vaguely transparent, in the New Amsterdam Theater.
Yet for the first week after the discovery of her body no one had come forward to claim her, to say who she was, what she did, how she lived, who cared for her and who might have killed her.
And then there is the great covey of familiar strangers, those seen day after day without introduction or information, only the security of a well-known figure.
NBC was even less reluctant to celebrate after showing the most improvement of any network from the previous year, jumping to a 12.4 rating from an 11.2 in the first week of the 1993-94 season.
	``They won't let me do the job from here, '' he said Tuesday from Santa Fe, explaining that he would return within two weeks after attending a hot-air balloon festival.
New Image, which had signed a letter of agreement on July 28 to be acquired by Dentsply International, a much larger company, at $16.375 a share, plunged $5, to $8, Tuesday after an announcement that Dentsply had backed out of the deal.
Two exceptions are Miami, which has suffered a serious drop in tourism after a series of tourist shootings, and the Los Angeles area, which has endured three urban nightmares -- earthquakes, fires and riots -- in the last few years.
7, 1982, one week to the day after the television show ``Cheers'' had its premiere.
But advocates for the homeless say the large numbers of families stuck in the Bronx office night after night since August is unprecedented and blame the administration's budget-cutting strategies.
SUBURB'S PLAN TO CURB TEEN-AGE DRINKING IS A FLOP RIDGEWOOD, N.J.  (BC-NJ-TEEN-DRINKING-435-(2TAKES)-NYT) After two teen-agers were killed driving home after a night of drinking last winter, village officials thought they had a fresh approach to combat unsupervised teen-aged drinking parties: asking parents to waive their privacy rights and allow the police into their homes to rout drinking teen-agers.
It also cautions parents that they could be liable for any injuries the teen-agers suffer while drinking in their homes and after leaving them, as well as for any injuries or damages the teen-agers cause elsewhere after the party.
The extraordinary event honoring the small group of veterans, many of whom fought side by side, illustrated just how far both countries have come in forging a warmer relationship after 50 years of hostility and suspicion.
While several point out that Morse appeared to have been the ideal customer after two years of trouble-free trading, there were plenty of red flags they could have seen if they had bothered to look.
But Morse did not own the shares that he ordered sold, and they soared in price in the weeks after he sold them.
``There is no reason to believe there was going to be a delivery problem on the first of those trades,'' said a Merrill Lynch spokesman when asked why the firm accepted an order from Morse on Intel stock after he had failed to deliver the 3Com stock.
He was dismissed after rulings against him in three arbitration proceedings brought by customers who said he had put them into unsuitable investments and ``churned'' their accounts -- rapidly bought and sold securities simply to drum up commissions.
The reports appeared to confirm fears that the mass exodus from Surat that began after the first plague deaths there last week has carried the disease to wide areas of India.
According to the report by United News of India, the West Bengal government declared a ``red alert'' in the state, which has a population of 70 million people, after medical officials there confirmed the cases of pneumonic plague.
A total of 17 people across the state, most of them from Surat, were said to be in hospitals with plague symptoms, with seven of them, including the five in Calcutta, having been confirmed as having the disease after tests.
But the results seemed likely to be looked at anew after doctors at the National Institute of Communicable Diseases in New Delhi said the two confirmed pneumonic plague victims there had returned negative sputum tests.
Reports from Surat have said that the carcasses of drowned animals and other refuse were left to putrify in the city's shantytowns after heavy summer monsoons.
Richard Potter, deputy commander of the Special Operations Command at Fort Bragg, who ran an operation in southern Turkey after the gulf war in which Special Forces teams functioned as armed social workers in the mountaintop refugee camps of Kurds who were fleeing Iraq, battling starvation and cholera.
In Le Boigne, a town in the north, crowds sacked the police station and danced in the street on Monday after the police fled.
``I think the decision I made was the right one, on the circumstances and facts that existed at that time,'' the 61-year-old Maine Democrat said in an interview on Tuesday, less than 24 hours after he pronounced the effort dead.
Mitchell, who will retire in January after more than 14 years in the Senate and six as majority leader, had hoped that sweeping health care legislation would crown his career.
But patience kept him trying long after others considered the issue dead.
And so on Monday, after several days of consulting Democrats who wanted to fight on, if only to get a vote that could be used to show that Republicans were the enemy of health care, Mitchell pulled the plug.
One handicapped woman, assisted in and out of the jury assembly room on the 11th floor of Los Angeles Superior Court by two deputies, insisted that she could serve on the jury even after Ito offered her an out.
``These jurors received phone calls from acquaintances after they saw them on TV,'' said Jerrianne Hayslett, a spokesman for the Los Angeles County Superior Court.
That is the step that Congress has said Clinton should take after Oct.
Tuesday night, after an afternoon meeting at which the two presidents finally joined their aides, administration officials said it was not yet clear that Russia -- or Britain or France -- was ready to support a U.N. resolution setting a date to lift the embargo, even if the effective date were put off until next spring.
How much it would be pared back and how it might be sold, will not be decided until November, after elections determine how many Democrats will be in Washington next year to offer support.
A senior White House official who insisted on anonymity called the discussions strictly informal: Even the most basic issues, including whether the Clintons should put their names on a new plan, will not be resolved until after Congress goes home and serious work on the 1996 federal budget begins early this winter.
Perry said Tuesday's action will do little to win over ranchers to Richards, because Babbitt could change positions again after the election.
``We only know how dangerous this is after the fact.
That is the step that Congress has said Clinton should take after Oct.
Tuesday night, after an afternoon meeting at which the two presidents finally joined their aides, administration officials said it was not yet clear that Russia -- or Britain or France -- was ready to support a U.N. resolution setting a date to lift the embargo, even if the effective date were put off until next spring.
In the days after a truck driver for the Yellow Freight System of Lancaster, Pa., heard a thumping sound as he wheeled the cargo van away from the riverside parking spot and discovered the body of Ms. Artutis, police detectives had interviewed dozens of people and technicians had combed through hundreds of fingerprint cards by hand.
``It was the closest place,'' Simon said of New Jersey, ``so I decided to try there first.'' It was shortly after noon, Simon said, when New Jersey received the prints.
PENNSYLVANIA'S SENATORS HEAR CLOSINGS IN IMPEACHMENT TRIAL HARRISBURG, Pa.  (BC-PA-IMPEACH-540&ADD-NYT) The impeachment trial of a state supreme court justice moved toward conclusion Tuesday when a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives told the state Senate in closing arguments that the justice should be found guilty for ``a shocking pattern of conduct that redefines official corruption.'' The Senate, acting on a 199-0 vote by the House in May to approve seven charges of impeachment against the justice, Rolf Larsen, and after a five-week trial this summer, is expected to vote as early as Wednesday.
The House charged that Larsen made the accusations after the justices, Zappala and the other justice, Ralph Cappy, voted two months before to adopt the recommendation of a juducial review board that Larsen be publicly reprimanded for improper communication with a lower court judge six years before to influence the outcome of a case.
James Woolsey, the director of Central Intelligence, will try to explain the seemingly inexplicable: how Ames, a hard-drinking and self-destructively sloppy spy, betrayed his country undetected for eight years after CIA realized it had a traitor in its ranks.
The bishops' conference has made no comment about events here since its message in August criticizing American policy in Haiti, which came after more than a year of silence.
Tensions have run so high that early in 1991, after a failed coup attempt, a crowd of Haitians, believing that the Vatican had a hand in the effort to prevent Aristide from taking office, chased an assistant to the nuncio and ripped his clothes off.
Problems for 20th Century began about two months after the Jan.
``Father Jean-Bertrand Aristide has always preferred to distance himself from the concrete demands of community,'' the decree added, ``becoming a protagonist of the destabilization of the community of the faithful.'' What is worse, the Salesians concluded, ``he has done so in a constant, public and incisive manner so that the organs of the press and groups of varied origins present him as the `leader of the popular church' in Haiti.'' Then, two years later, after Aristide had won election to the presidency with two-thirds of the vote but just before he was sworn in, Ligonde expressed doubts about Aristide's ability to govern Haiti.
But after several days, when the children's parents had telephoned for the second time and put off their return, Angela said she realized that she was missing too much school.
The parents were arrested after attending a custody hearing on Monday.
And when she left, after hugging each friend in turn, they hastened to tell a reporter that she was getting all the credit, but had not done most of the work.
The intelligence official said the report confirms ``The (Senate and House) oversight committees approved the reorganization of the National Reconnaissance Office, the purchase of property for the new headquarters and the startup of construction.'' The probe was ordered by the White House after Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dennis DeConcini, D-Ariz., accused Woolsey and the NRO of failing to keep the panel abreast on the project.
Throughout the interview, he repeatedly suggested that he has yet to create a legacy that satisfies him, even after 12 years.
Wiggins said Merrill began its investigation about a week before it dismissed Ms. Thomas and her husband, after an accountant for one of Ms. Thomas' clients alerted the firm to the phony account statements.
Ms. Thomas and her husband were hired by Merrill Lynch in November 1992 after being discharged by the Las Vegas office of Dean Witter Reynolds.
Dean Witter let the couple go after it learned that Ms. Thomas and her husband, along with another Dean Witter employee, were negotiating a deal to move to Merrill Lynch.
-- September 27, 1994 -- BERKELEY-SWAT-EDUC, 9-27 -- Training among the book stacks at the anthropology library at the University of California at Berkeley, members of the campus police departmentUs new SWAT team go after an imiginary foe.
But the district attorney's office is scheduled to argue Wednesday morning a motion to interrupt jury selection until after a lengthy hearing on the admissibility of genetic evidence.
The prosecutor's motion claims that seating a jury and then expecting them to ignore all media coverage during the well-publicized genetic testing hearing ``is to expect the impossible and runs contrary to human nature.'' Prosecutors propose to send the pool of jurors home after they have completed the questionnaires and have them return for final jury selection at the conclusion of the so-called Kelly-Frye hearing.
-- September 27, 1994 -- BERKELEY-SWAT-EDUC, 9-27 -- Training among the book stacks at the anthropology library at the University of California at Berkeley, members of the campus police departmentUs new SWAT team go after an imiginary foe.
-- September 27, 1994 -- BERKELEY-SWAT-EDUC, 9-27 -- Training among the book stacks at the anthropology library at the University of California at Berkeley, members of the campus police departmentUs new SWAT team go after an imiginary foe.
The company, PNF Industries, a maker of flame retardants, stopped trading and was delisted from the exchange in 1992 after it was disclosed that Alfred Avasso, its largest shareholder, had pleaded guilty to mail fraud and had once been barred from associating with the exchange in the mid-1980s.
The stick is a souvenir of a meeting they held with 40 executives of the flagship office of Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising shortly after Jeary became chairman and chief executive of the troubled agency in July.
``Let's not beat around the bush,'' said Muirhead, also 47, who joined Saatchi North America six months ago after serving in top positions at Saatchi's London and European operations.
Prices of Treasury long-term securities fell after the Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged.
The theme that the state is banking on was culled from an original list of 59, which was reduced to 12 after testing reactions inside the state and out, and then to four before the final selection was made.
In 1988, after the completion of a $400,000 engineering study, the Reagan administration said it was going to pull down the new building and start over.
A few months after the decision, Jacobson appealed the decision to the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco.
The lawsuit also seeks damages from Abigail Alling and Mark Van Thillo, two former Biospherians -- who lived inside the Biosphere -- who have claimed responsibility for breaking glass seals to the facility after Bass ousted the former managers.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Soon after the arrival ceremony, Clinton showed Yeltsin around the Oval Office, pointing out a picture of daughter Chelsea in Russia during the leaders' summit in January.
A few months after the decision, Jacobson appealed the decision to the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco.
He had relinquished the presidency in 1987 after serving in that job since 1964.
In 1968, after the company posted record sales and earnings, he said that achievement reflected ``continuing success in introducing new products with high consumer acceptance.'' Among the products that Colgate-Palmolive introduced while he headed the company were Ajax Detergent and Ajax Liquid.
He died after a long illness, his family said.
	Saatchi was awarded the account after a review that also included Foote, Cone; Bates USA in Los Angeles, and Chiat/Day in Venice, Calif.
Bates was awarded the account after a five-month review that also included Ogilvy & Mather Ltd.
But Steinbrenner insisted the first game could be played in 12 to 14 days after an agreement was reached.
Some government officials are convinced that his lawsuit is revenge for the months-long imprisonment of him and other Kach leaders after the Hebron massacre in February.
Three students were hospitalized after the shooting, and Aaron Halberstam, 16, later died of his wounds.
One handicapped woman, assisted in and out of the jury assembly room on the 11th floor of Los Angeles Superior Court by two deputies, insisted that she could serve on the jury even after Ito offered her an out.
``These jurors received phone calls from acquaintances after they saw them on TV,'' said Jerrianne Hayslett, a spokesman for the Los Angeles County Superior Court.
Paul Scofield, who narrates, plays a man who has returned to London after a seven-year absence and tours the city with his former lover, an unseen, unheard character named Robinson.
Six thousand employees will remain in the building after the consulting unit leaves.
EVERETT QUINTON PUTS HIS STAMP ON HIS THEATRICAL INHERITANCE NEW YORK  (BC-THEATER-PRODUCER-PROFILE-590(2TAKES)-NYT) When Everett Quinton took over the Ridiculous Theatrical Company after the death of Charles Ludlam in 1987, there was trepidation in this Off Broadway fun house.
One of them, he said, was arrested on drug charges and taken to Rikers Island sometime after Ms. Artutis' body was discovered at 2 a.m. on Sept.
In the days after a truck driver for the Yellow Freight System of Lancaster, Pa., heard a thumping sound as he wheeled the cargo van away from the riverside parking spot and discovered the body of Ms. Artutis, police detectives had interviewed dozens of people and technicians had combed through hundreds of fingerprint cards by hand.
``It was the closest place,'' Simon said of New Jersey, ``so I decided to try there first.'' It was shortly after noon, Simon said, when New Jersey received the prints.
Only after the World Series has concluded does anyone other than the good people of Canada and the most rabid American puckheads pay the slightest attention to it.
That was after remarks by Lewis from Waco, Texas, that basically called Boselli, a three-time Playboy All-American, overrated.
They played the game, USC won 37-27 and Lewis had to be helped from the field after USC's last touchdown.
``It was hard to play against him 'cause he's such a cheap-shotter.'' After the game and after the films, the consensus was that Boselli played his best game at USC.
O'Neil was taken to the emergency room Monday after his condition fluctuated over the weekend.
As the season began, he was considered something of a distant shot for the award, given annually to the nation's best quarterback or running back who has big games on TV for a nationally prominent team that competes for No.1. Washington, after all, is on Pacific-10 Conference probation, is ineligible for a bowl this year, and was thought to be no better than fourth-best in the Pac-10.
If he is out six weeks, Adams would not return until Nov.12 against Houston -- one week after a Nov.5 showdown against 10th-ranked Texas A&M.
A 60-day suspension from the team after his arrest, during which Adams underwent weekly counseling with an Austin-based psychiatrist before being reinstated Aug.28.
The Huffington ad, which the Republican congressional representative has been running in newspapers across the state, criticizes Feinstein for what it calls ``votes for soft-on-crime liberal judges.'' Huffington campaign spokeswoman Jennifer Grossman said Tuesday that the new ad seems to have struck a nerve among voters, which would account for the Feinstein campaign's efforts to rebut the ad after its debut last week and its continuing efforts to rebut the ad this week.
After losing in their initial Super Bowl appearance to the Cowboys after the 1971 season, Miami won the next two Super Bowls, defeating the Washington Redskins, 14-7, to complete a 17-0 season, and the Minnesota Vikings, 24-7.
The Steelers knocked off Oakland, 24-13, in the AFC Championship Game the week after the Raiders had wiped out Miami's chances of a third consecutive title.
They flattened the Vikings, 16-6, for their first Super Bowl title after the 1974 season.
In the playoffs, we blasted Bert Jones and Baltimore (40-14), who were supposed to be the favorites after a terrific regular season.
And the injuries started to pile up after that.'' ``Once we lost that edge, we couldn't get it back.
He hadn't been seen coughing up blood or breaking out in a rash after watching a spool or two of the Washington Redskins.
His primary duties has been overseeing the Orioles' minor-league system, which fell into disrepair during the mid-1980's after their 1983 championship.
His primary duties has been overseeing the Orioles' minor-league system, which fell into disrepair during the mid-1980's after their 1983 championship.
``Of course I would like to be the No.2 center,'' said Lang, who had nine goals and 10 assists in 32 games after a midseason recall from the Phoenix Roadrunners.
``So far, laboratory and field tests have given us a very good match for marine environments.'' In a few months, after a required review period that probably will produce some changes in the program, it will become an official government method of calculating damages from future spills.
``So far, laboratory and field tests have given us a very good match for marine environments.'' In a few months, after a required review period that probably will produce some changes in the program, it will become an official government method of calculating damages from future spills.
It would require licensing and registration of handgun owners, mandatory safety training, more detailed record- keeping regarding gun transfers after the initial sale (much as is done with cars), added safety requirements for manufacturers, and limitations on the number of guns that can be purchased at one time.
He was elected to the House of Representatives and died at age 80 at the Capitol after being stricken during a debate.
Like Martin Van Buren, Millard Fillmore, Ulysses Grant and Grover Cleveland, he tried to regain the White House after leaving office.
Powell has refused to talk about his future plans or entering politics -- at least until after he completes his memoirs.
 (BC-NEWS-QUESTIONS-(2ndtake)-COX) Q: I saw a member of the armed forces in Haiti say to a reporter on television after seeing somebody beaten to death right in front of him that he was ready to throw down his gear and walk to the Dominican Republic.
The only thing we found after a computer search was that he lives quietly in Connecticut and shuns the media.
Under that agreement, Cedras and other military leaders must relinquish power after the parliament approves a general amnesty, or by Oct.
In a formal review after the mission in Somalia, where 18 American troops were killed last October while trying to capture a clan leader, the president's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board concluded that there was not sufficient support by the CIA, and that such an operation should be in place whenever American forces were deployed in a potentially hostile environment.
What became of them after the U.S. invasion?
UNPRECEDENTED PUBLICITY, LACK OF PREDICTABILITY CREATE CONTROVERSY FOR BURGEONING PROCEDURE ATLANTA  (BC-EYESURGERY-COX) ``Oh my God, I can't believe I can see,'' said WSTR-FM radio co-host Vikki Locke, after her nearsightedness was corrected by radial keratotomy surgery -- live -- on the morning show about a month ago.
``I have personal knowledge of patients who've gone blind from the operation.'' While RK does seem to work for most people, there is a sizable minority that still needs glasses after surgery.
Payments will occur shortly after court approval, expected by mid-December, Shugrue said.
At the heart of task force operations is an ``automated case management system'' patterned after the computerized search for Polly Klaas.
She could quit having the recurring fantasies that he would turn up alive after some mysterious assignment.
BRITAIN'S MONARCHY IS UNDER SEIGE ONCE MORE LONDON  (BC-BRITISH-MONARCHY-HNS) A proposal to abolish the British monarchy after the death of Queen Elizabeth II was presented at last week's annual conference of the Liberal Democratic Party here.
But as Brian Hedge, a writer on royal matters, notes, ``The public's esteem for Charles has sunk so low as a consequence of the mess he made of his marriage that he can't afford to become involved in any more unseemly incidents, no matter how personally blameless he may be.'' The unfortunate photo came to light shortly after the disclosure that his estranged wife, Princess Diana, was suspected of making numerous nuisance phone calls to a married male friend -- an episode that sparked speculation about the 33-year-old princess's mental state.
Recent opinion polls suggest that nearly half of the people here favor a republic after the queen's death.
He was very nice, but I did not feel he was comfortable with me.'' She added, ``I still don't think he's funny.'' This is Bush's third book, after ``C.
Fred's Story'' and ``Millie's Book.'' The decision to write it came after her husband left the White House, when publishers beat a path to her door with their checkbooks open.
``We had a huge search for that role,'' says Deborah Aquila, who cast ``The Shawshank Redemption.'' ``We must have seen every young man in that age range in Chicago, New York and L.A. -- name actors and no-name actors.'' Bellows, a Canadian, moved to New York five years ago after graduating from the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in Los Angeles.
Jacques Chirac, the Gaullist mayor of Paris and presidential contender, presided over a music and light show on the world's most famous avenue to mark its return to elegance after two decades in which haute cuisine gave way to fast food and haute couture crumbled before jeans and tank-tops, with drug-peddling and prostitution for a backdrop.
In 1989, when Fouquet's, the restaurant on the corner of the Champs-Elysees and the Avenue George V, was threatened with closure after a Gulf developer bought the building, the Socialist government declared it a national monument and the city decided to act.
Jacques Chirac, the Gaullist mayor of Paris and presidential contender, presided over a music and light show on the world's most famous avenue to mark its return to elegance after two decades in which haute cuisine gave way to fast food and haute couture crumbled before jeans and tank-tops, with drug-peddling and prostitution for a backdrop.
In 1989, when Fouquet's, the restaurant on the corner of the Champs-Elysees and the Avenue George V, was threatened with closure after a Gulf developer bought the building, the Socialist government declared it a national monument and the city decided to act.
Jacques Chirac, the Gaullist mayor of Paris and presidential contender, presided over a music and light show on the world's most famous avenue to mark its return to elegance after two decades in which haute cuisine gave way to fast food and haute couture crumbled before jeans and tank-tops, with drug-peddling and prostitution for a backdrop.
In 1989, when Fouquet's, the restaurant on the corner of the Champs-Elysees and the Avenue George V, was threatened with closure after a Gulf developer bought the building, the Socialist government declared it a national monument and the city decided to act.
BIZARRE HORSE MYSTERY TAKES CHILLING TURN WITH TRAINER'S DEATH SYDNEY  (BC-DEADHORSE-WHODUNIT-INDEPENDENT) One of the racing world's most bizarre mysteries took a chilling turn Tuesday when a prominent Australian horse trainer died after suffering symptoms similar to those that have killed 14 horses.
Vic Rail, 50, died after a heart attack in a Brisbane hospital, where he was admitted a week ago when his health began to decline.
BIZARRE HORSE MYSTERY TAKES CHILLING TURN WITH TRAINER'S DEATH SYDNEY  (BC-DEADHORSE-WHODUNIT-INDEPENDENT) One of the racing world's most bizarre mysteries took a chilling turn Tuesday when a prominent Australian horse trainer died after suffering symptoms similar to those that have killed 14 horses.
Vic Rail, 50, died after a heart attack in a Brisbane hospital, where he was admitted a week ago when his health began to decline.
BIZARRE HORSE MYSTERY TAKES CHILLING TURN WITH TRAINER'S DEATH SYDNEY  (BC-DEADHORSE-WHODUNIT-INDEPENDENT) One of the racing world's most bizarre mysteries took a chilling turn Tuesday when a prominent Australian horse trainer died after suffering symptoms similar to those that have killed 14 horses.
Vic Rail, 50, died after a heart attack in a Brisbane hospital, where he was admitted a week ago when his health began to decline.
People can come in after work in the evening for the treatment and go home afterwards.
People can come in after work in the evening for the treatment and go home afterwards.
Now, at 60, after two years of marriage to Bernard d'Ormale, a marriage that raised eyebrows because of d'Ormale's friendship with the far-right National Front leader, Jean-Marie Le Pen, she has been largely left in peace with only one television program to mark the anniversary.
Now, at 60, after two years of marriage to Bernard d'Ormale, a marriage that raised eyebrows because of d'Ormale's friendship with the far-right National Front leader, Jean-Marie Le Pen, she has been largely left in peace with only one television program to mark the anniversary.
Lambright was handed the job immediately after Don James' resignation in protest of Pac-10 sanctions.
The celebration continued at Sea-Tac Airport, where the Huskies' plane touched down Sunday at 2 a.m. ``The arrival was like coming in after a bowl win,'' he said.
I think that was shown on the field after the game.
PHONE TREND IS CALLING ON ACCESSLINE SEATTLE  (BC-PHONES-ACCESSLINE-SPI) More than 10 years after hatching the idea for universal, go-anywhere phone numbers, the founders of AccessLine Technologies are finally in the right place at the right time.
What does Jell-O tell us about how we were learning to eat after the lean years of the Depression and the war?
It was performed but also attacked; it was officially banned from 1931 to 1933, after Rachmaninoff wrote to The New York Times, criticizing Soviet policies.
Here is the sound of sanction, as reported in 1970 by the conductor Eugene Ormandy, an unrepentant trimmer until late in life: ``In the first movement, after the introduction, there are four bars vamp until the main theme begins.
These are actually seed capsules that develop after the petals drop.
Rose hips should be harvested in late autumn -- preferably after a frost -- from plants that have not been treated with systemics or other long-lasting pesticides.
That is my feeling about the Enola Gay which, nearly a half century after it flew into history, is the center of a controversy pitting politicians, academics and Americans of diverse generational and philosophical backgrounds against one another.
During the three days at sea on the weeklong Caribbean adventure, the music will start soon after lunch and continue ...
``Western classical music in Asia is so supported and highly respected,'' said Masur, who toured Japan with the Philharmonic during the summer, ``that the people in Europe and other Western countries are at the moment lagging behind this high standard of musical and cultural education.'' In the West, Japanese visual arts took hold after a brief craze for Japonisme in the late 19th century in both the United States and Europe.
Always wash your hands, utensils and cutting surfaces well with soap and warm water before and after handling poultry.
Add chicken, cover and refrigerate 30 minutes; turn after 15 minutes.
``My parents took me down to this appliance store, to this Los Angeles appliance store, after business hours, where the guy, the owner, had this TV set on display in the window, and he had closed up shop and left the TV set running,'' he said.
Butyl rubber caulks were introduced shortly after World War II and are still very popular.
The Rioja region of Spain was largely developed by Bordeaux wine makers who went there after phylloxera destroyed most of their own vineyards in the late 19th century.
Steven Pippin, one of today's most sought-after young artists, arrived after having slept through his own opening, and Brown had gone one more day without a shave.
Today, after several gallery seasons that by general agreement have been exceedingly dull, this shellshocked community is trying to jump-start itself with everything from a threatened exodus from SoHo to Chelsea to something of a rethinking of the way it evaluates artists.
The player who has the most caps after they're all flipped is the winner.
Lance Lawson had never heard of POG a month ago, but he got with the PrOGram after visiting San Diego on vacation in August.
DALLAS ROCKER BOZ SCAGGS IS RE-EMERGING AFTER A LOT OF LOW-PROFILE YEARS DALLAS  (BC-ROCK-BOZSCAGGS-TEX) Think of all the 1970s rock and pop acts that have continued to hit the road, year after year, and play their old hits and a few new songs to large, loyal audiences.
But after the tour supporting 1980's ``Middle Man,'' Scaggs shunned the road and semi-retired to raise his sons (Oscar and Austin, now 15 and 16) and become a club and restaurant owner (he's co-owner, along with Huey Lewis, of Slim's, one of San Francisco's most popular blues and rock clubs).
``I watched the first show,'' Myers, 31, writes, ``and even after the first sketch ...
``Piece after piece, show after show, he makes things better.'' Downey is the first to admit that he's less enthusiastic about other aspects of his job, including placating the often-delicate egos of the cast.
Don Ohlmeyer, president of NBC's West Coast division, arrived after that debacle, but, according to Michaels, he is making it his business to see that NBC's late-night schedule suffers no further deterioration.
Then, in New York City, after he finds a job in a typewriter-repair shop, an amazing thing happens.
In the hotel room he moves into after first receiving his money, ``Newborn Stephen Trace awoke to the shadow of late afternoon on the opposite brick wall, with a horrible afternoon nap feeling, of the world going on too long without him, thinking he was Peter Gregory.'' Then he begins to acquire possessions -- clothes, an apartment, a house, furniture, a car -- and to wonder how he can be worthy of his riches.
In the end, after all that has happened to him, the protagonist finds his identity the opposite way, by recalling and writing down everything that has happened to him.
FERRY-SINKING (Helsinki)  (AM-PAGE1-CONSIDER-NYT) At least 800 passengers and crew presumed to have drowned in dark Baltic seas after Estonian ferry capsized in a fierce storm.
	JAPAN-U.S.-TRADE -- Clinton says he will bring Congress back into session until it passes a new, 123-nation trade accord, returning after the November election if necessary.
	The boy apparently died trying to save his sister, who authorities said was deaf and incapable of speech, from flames that erupted in a complex of temporary shelters constructed from metal freight containers after unidentified attackers spread gasoline from two 5.5-gallon cans and set the fuel alight.
	ROME (NYT) -- The government of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi faced a test of wills with the labor movement Wednesday after union leaders called a general strike to protest an austerity budget they depicted as hitting the old and the sick.
They left right after school was out for our older daughter.
Day after day it was hammered home to Celine and me: Speak French to your sister! Speak French to your daughter! So June came and Catherine took the children on their annual summer sojourn to France.
He could just as easily have called it ``They Don't Like Me,'' after another cut, and given it a whole different spin.
(Yes, wife Julia Roberts is on a couple of cuts, but you'd never pick her out, especially among Rickie Lee Jones, Willis Alan Ramsey, Walter Hyatt and Leo Kottke.) Speaking of Lyle's wife, to whom this album is dedicated, she seems to have made little difference in Lovett's dark exploration of relationships, unless you count the title cut, and we all know you shouldn't, particularly after hearing the gruesomely humorous ``Creeps Like Me.'' In keeping with the intimate production, ``I Love Everybody'' is an interior journey; the 18 cuts make up a series of vignettes written by Lovett over the course of his career since the latter 1970s and all are newly recorded for this album.
One popular way is in language classes after school.
``And when they do speak, it will initially be in one-or two-word phrases.'' On the other hand, programs that run once or twice a week after school are not likely to result in fluency, Fowler said.
18 accord negotiated by former President Jimmy Carter, the 1993 Governor's Island agreement nor the U.N. Security Council resolutions demanding restoration of democracy in Haiti require Cedras and his associates to go into exile after giving up power.
To get the Caribou ready to fly the crew back to Thule after the storm, snow and ice had to be cleared from its wings, tail and fuselage, and a dangerous takeoff had to be attempted on the short runway, Greenamyer said.
The parliamentary session ended after two hours without a vote.
A U.S. intelligence source, however, said U.S. officials are expecting Francois to join his family in the Dominican Republic by Friday, the third anniversary of the bloody army coup that ousted Aristide after less than eight months in power.
And after President Clinton was elected, he vowed to put teeth into the law.
Then last February, Jim Healy and Loretta Metcalf came here from Princeton, N.J., after Jim accepted a senior executive position with a mobile communications company.
28 -- Just a few months after insiders at Fusion Systems Corp.
Before the IPO, Levine held 4.3% of Fusion's stock, but that number will be reduced to 1.6% after the offering.
Lee said one of the pieces was a new version of his song ``Five Street Serenade,'' which was recently reinterpreted by the band Mazzy Star on their album ``So Tonight That I Might See.'' Love cover songs by Urge Overkill, the Television Personalities, Teen-age Fanclub, and other alternative-rock bands appear on the recently released tribute album ``We're All Normal and We Want Our Freedom'' (Alias), named after a lyric by Lee.
We were entering a period of calm, after the elections,'' said Arturo Sanchez of Mexico City's Institute of Political Studies.
Both Zedillo and Salinas, whose sister is married to Ruiz Massieu, rushed to the Hospital Espanol where the political leader, his shirt ripped open and soaked with blood, was taken after the shooting.
In May of 1993, drug traffickers were accused of murdering Roman Catholic Cardinal Juan Jesus Posadas Ocampo after they mistook him for a rival drug cartel leader.
When he uses the word ``we,'' he really means ``I.'' But by May 5, when Tyson is scheduled to be released from prison after serving time for his rape conviction, King could be in the slammer for an insurance scam that allegedly defrauded Lloyd's of London of $350,000; his federal trial on nine counts of wire fraud is expected to begin in January.
Some skeptics suspect that King's longtime alliance with the WBC, namely its Mexican president, Jose Sulaiman, influenced Mexican Referee Jose Guadalupe Garcia to wave 10 fingers while Lewis was wobbling on his feet after the knockdown.
He hasn't fought since losing a 12-round decision to Tommy Morrison a year ago June and he needed a court order to sanction the title bout after the WBA protested.
Pro-Fac increased its initial $16.87 a share bid after a vote of its farms members found 89 percent supported a more aggressive takeover bid.
All U.S. forces would leave by February 1996, after the Haitian presidential election, Deutch said.
It never has been,'' Cohen argued that U.S. forces in Somalia were not in any greater danger after the administration, ``under pressure coming from the United States Congress,'' set a deadline for their departure.
``It's highly awkward, to say the least, I would think for them to issue such an affirming press release after having spent tens of millions of dollars in making certain that health care reform, which would affect their pocketbook, would not pass,'' Rockefeller added.
The House is expected to approve the measure, but President Clinton might have to call the Senate back for a ``lame duck'' session after the Nov.
``But after all of that, the thing that I'm most grateful for is this project that I've just done.
Traders are speculating that after a flurry of export orders into next week, demand will dry up because the USDA is becoming less willing to financially back wheat purchases.
``Now people see that the dream can be turned into a reality when you have a start like this,'' Esrey said after the gift was announced.
But he can't do much to satisfy her yen for glamour and excitement, and after yet another scandalous incident results in Hank's transfer from Hawaii to a dreary Alabama base, Carly's increasingly disruptive behavior threatens to destroy the family.
``Blue Sky'' is named after the top-secret nuclear test project Hank is working on.
But incredibly, the film's message, reinforced with astonishingly inappropriate pop music, seems to be that with enough love, the most dysfunctional families can live happily ever after -- the emotional equivalent of a blue sky after a fatal dose of radiation.
Seizing the moment at their press conference finale after two days of meetings, the exuberant Yeltsin hardly paused for breath.
The House is expected to approve the measure, but President Clinton might have to call the Senate back for a ``lame duck'' session after the Nov.
Asked if he felt greater sympathy for the Serbs after eight months here -- an allegation frequently made by Bosnian government officials -- Rose said he tried to maintain strict neutrality.
Just after liftoff, my trepidation turned into doubt.
Two years later, after modest improvements to his invention, he received a U.S. patent.
``Oak should be taken care of, and I hope he is,'' Ewing said before leaving the practice facility after a workout.
We all want him here, but if not, he has to get his business taken care of first.'' Meanwhile, Oakley was filming the commercial Wednesday, after which he worked and played tennis with Rivers.
Oakley said that after sacrificing some of his offensive game to fulfill the defensive and rebounding roles that the Knicks wanted, the Knicks used his lowered offensive numbers as an issue in negotiations.
Taylor is following this lonely routine and trying to restore his arm strength after reconstructive surgery on his shoulder.
By then, Taylor should know the outcome of the two misdemeanor charges brought against him after a fight near his home in Beaufort, N.C. last Dec.
 (BC-BBA-YANKS-TAYLOR-2NDTAKE-NYT) With an ice pack wrapped snugly around his left shoulder after one of his throwing sessions from a few feet in front of the pitching rubber Tuesday, Taylor looked and talked like a new man.
No one has ever been prosecuted for genocide under the U.N. convention, which was adopted after World War II, when the word genocide was coined.
But after pleading and prodding from Washington, the commission decided to follow the American suggestion.
Within hours after the crash, the killings in Rwanda started, and in the following weeks, countless thousands of members of the Tutsi ethnic group were killed by soldiers and militia of the government, which was then led by Hutu.
In his ruling, the judge dropped The New Yorker from the case after the jury found that it had done no wrong and was not liable, leaving Ms. Malcolm as the sole defendant.
And chances are good they will still be waiting after Saturday's game here against Miami, a three-touchdown favorite.
``It was kind of a crazy game,'' said Graber after watching tape of the Huskies' victory that ended Miami's 58-game home winning streak in the Orange Bowl.
It's really up to the homeowner since they own the home.'' But homeowners complain that even after they broach the topic, the response by some companies can be slow.
Six months after the quake, Bob and Susie Nusbaum fled their home after a testing firm discovered asbestos contamination.
Seven years ago the ferry Herald of Free Enterprise capsized soon after after leaving Zeebrugge, Belgium, en route to Dover, England, killing 134 people.
Ferries commissioned after 1990 are subject to stricter international safety standards than ships of earlier vintage, including better alarm systems to detect problems such as burst seals, the International Maritime Organization said.
He said the company had only started running at a profit this year after suffering large losses during its start-up period.
``Even if it means a special session in the Senate after the election, I will do whatever I can to pass GATT this year,'' an angry Clinton declared at a White House news conference.
Ernest Hollings, D-S.C., said he would bottle up the trade pact in the Senate Commerce Committee, which he chairs, until after the Nov.
