 (BC-FBC-UCLA-LADN) Only three days before last season's opener did Bjorn Merten find out he had a job as UCLA's field goal kicker.
VATICAN ASSAILS GORE COMMENTS ON ABORTION ROME  (BC-POPULATION-VATICAN-1STLD-WRITETHRU-2TAKES-NYT) Six days before the U.N. population conference in Cairo, the Vatican made an unusual, personal attack Wednesday on Vice President Al Gore, accusing him of misrepresenting the gathering's intentions on abortion.
A hearing on the extension is scheduled before a Board of Supervisors committee Thursday.
Nor would he discuss whether Tager had been angered by something or someone on ``Today.'' Anemone said that as far as detectives could tell, Tager had not called NBC before he pulled up outside the ``Today'' studio (STORY CAN END HERE.
The postal employee in the mail truck, who had been collecting letters and packages from commercial customers in Rockefeller Center, said he saw Montgomery's expression change into one of horror and fright just before the blast echoed down the canyonlike block.
``That was our view yesterday before this decision, and that's our view today.'' Agnich said Texas Instruments licensed more than 5,000 patents, not just the Kilby patent.
There is an intensity that wasn't there before.
They are a couple of baseliners who can run all night, if need be, and Wednesday night they hammered away at each other on the Stadium Court for 3 hours 2 minutes before Chang rifled a 111-mile-an-hour service winner and took a 4-6, 6-2, 6-3, 7-6 (7-3) victory in the second round of the U.S. Open.
Chang, however, got the break back in the fifth game, then scored crucial tie breaker mini-breaks on the seventh and eighth points, before serving out the match.
In the opening match of the night, Conchita Martinez had some rickety moments, and long games, before she sent Nicole Arendt home a 6-3, 6-3 loser in the second round.
And Arendt, a 5-foot-9-inch, 150-pound left-hander who grew up in central New Jersey before relocating to Gainesville, Fla., was hitting the ball as hard as she could and hoping for the best.
I have to think about the other people, the ones before me that sacrificed.
One of the card players was Tim Fortugno, a left-handed relief pitcher for the Cincinnati Reds until one day before the strike, when he was sent to Chattanooga, the Reds' Class AA Southern League affiliate.
He was a two-year starter for Michigan State, where his father and older brother played before him.
For three weeks before the film opened in Atlanta, Phipps patrons were handed fliers printed with recipes from the movie.
Iran's 2.7 percent birth rate before its fundamentalist takeover jumped to 3.9 percent after the Islamic revolution banned contraceptives and cut the marriage age for girls to 9.
He has traced the course of the Zambezi River, skimming the gorge before the torrent plummets 170 meters over the mist-shrouded edge of Victoria Falls on the Zambia-Zimbabwe border.
He has traced the course of the Zambezi River, skimming the gorge before the torrent plummets 170 meters over the mist-shrouded edge of Victoria Falls on the Zambia-Zimbabwe border.
Or maybe you remember his stepbrother, Jean Fugett, from his days playing with the Dallas Cowboys and Washington Redskins, before he went to work for Lewis.
The book started out as an autobiography by Lewis before his death and includes many passages of his life events written by his own hand.
Elaine Kamark, chief of policy for the vice president, dismissed the criticism as ``academic folly'' and added that ``nobody who has undertaken a major reorganization'' can do it ``absent a crisis mode.'' Even so, she conceded that the National Performance Review has a ways to go before most Americans can see a difference in their government.
But the IRA has announced cease-fires before, so it will take more than words to prove that the pledge is genuine.
Two of the groups said before the IRA announcement that they would respond favorably to a cease-fire, but a third said it would not be ``coerced'' into a united Ireland.
State lawmakers vowed to get tough on violent criminals and passed laws requiring murderers, rapists and child molesters serve half their prison sentences before becoming eligible for parole.
That means a life sentence now means at least 30 years behind bars contrasted to the previously required 15 years before being considered for parole.
Lawmakers adjourned for the last time of the 1994 session well before the midnight deadline, in sharp contrast to past years when the final night of lawmaking lasted well into the following day.
Lawmakers adjourned for the last time of the 1994 session well before the midnight deadline, in sharp contrast to past years when the final night of lawmaking lasted well into the following day.
In Sunday's premiere, we enter with Jack having dumped his schoolteacher girlfriend Shelly (Marshall) some six months before and taking up with a Scandinavian bimbo, and Brian figuring it was now OK to openly pursue Shelly -- whom he long has coveted.
Opens at noon, a good two hours before Green Day goes on the main stage.
I feel really fortunate that with the second stage, I don't have to grant favors to managers and record companies.'' Originally, the show was to be headlined by Nirvana, but Lollapalooza organizers pulled negotiations with the band just two weeks before Kurt Cobain's suicide in April, Gardner said.
``We've done lots of research and discovered that you can grow produce the way it was before science interfered with farming.
We use pure seeds, ones which Americans grew generations ago, before genetic engineering and hybrids were invented.'' For information, call (800) 892-1600.
Benjamin stirred ``The Money Pit'' (1986), an otherwise bland comedy about the perils of home ownership, to a destructive frenzy that proved Tom Hanks capable of a stunning portrayal years before the Oscars acknowledged that fact.
For every $1 of sales in 1991, car dealers showed a profit of a little over a penny before taxes, according to the latest edition of a statistic-filled financial almanac.
``There is a lot of information that has not been put into an electronic format and never will be -- particularly if it was accumulated before 1970,'' said Cindy Hill, manager of information services at Failure Analysis Associates Inc., a Menlo Park engineering firm.
For every $1 of sales in 1991, car dealers showed a profit of a little over a penny before taxes, according to the latest edition of a statistic-filled financial almanac.
(Which, in a perfect world, would be the merciful replacement of Bill Belichick in Cleveland -- before Halloween.) -- Steve McMichael, on behalf of the citizenry of Green Bay, expound on what it means to be a Packer, wear green, and harbor a deep and abiding contempt for those snooty Chicago Bears.
Their first names look as if some records nurse at the hospital got whacked up on coffee before sitting down at an IBM Selectrrric.
It was that which stood before Robinson; a decade of declining victories, of average players, of falling prominence.
There was before.
Tommy Bennett, a probable starter at safety, was suspended after his arrest on forgery charges, and despite hopes that his status would be settled before the season, his case continues to make its way through the legal system.
The NFL's players have prevailed in the courts and before arbitrators just as much as baseball players have in recent years, but whenever they have done so they have managed to throw it away.
Years ago, I had the privilege of crossing western Kansas right before the wheat harvest.
On this most recent trip, we drove into Goodland, oasis for travelers right before they cross the border.
``They are going out and doing something that no one has done before.
Kramer'') rarely misses with teary-eyed domestic drama, and expectations are high for this one starring Paul Newman as a construction worker seeking a reconciliation with a grown son he abandoned years before.
The film, which debuted at this year's Seattle Film Festival, is very much a continuation of both ``Best Intentions,'' which dealt with the difficult relationship of Ingmar Bergman's parents shortly before his birth in 1918; and of ``Fanny and Alexander,'' Bergman's 1982 epic of the lost world of his maternal grandparents.
Women who got a hold of one before it was banned, say it works.
And what makes it even more frustrating for doctors who like the product, is they were once able to sell the pad to their patients before the FDA decided it should be removed from the market in 1989.
``If you were fortunate enough to get one before they pulled it, you are very lucky,'' said Geauga Hospital Cancer Education Coordinator Ronna Piccioni, a registered nurse.
``We should armor women with every tool available to help them identify symptoms early to ensure treatment and survival.'' In fact, before the pad was taken off the market, three Northeast Ohio women found cancerous lumps in their breast using the device, said Dr. Carolyn Nemec at the St. Lukes Innovation Women's Health Care Center in Beachwood.
Taillamps are larger than before.
	Kim reportedly indicated in the letter that he would continue to follow the flexible policy on the nuclear issue that his father adopted shortly before his death from a heart attack.
Winless since joining the Senior PGA Tour in 1988, he still managed to make more than $100,000 in each of the last two years, and had won nearly $80,000 before his death from a heart attack last Friday.
At a birthday bash, he made three wishes: 1) passage of the crime bill; 2) a solid health care plan; 3) to break 80 before he turns 50.
``It's better to roll it over when you are overfunded by $50,000 than when you are overfunded by $400,000.'' You still will have to pay the penalty and the tax on the excess amount in the plan, but the idea is to catch the problem early before it compounds.
Sorry, again -- I meant Stanley Kubrick's 23-year-old ``A Clockwork Orange.'' Amid the ruckus over the brutal ultraviolence quotient of ``Natural Born Killers,'' its radical visual style and its indictment of the purveyors of tabloid TV, it's important to recognize that there's virtually nothing in Stone's rhetorical arsenal that the American cinema's long love-hate relationship with violence hasn't seen before.
He compiled a list of all the possible relocation sites that had been discussed before he arrived, totaling some 20 cities, and gave the list to Lindstrom-Foster.
California officials agreed to supply McMunn with additional economic figures to use in his state-to-state comparison, but it would be months before anyone would follow up again.
``The oldest and most interesting race of people in all the world is passing away before her eyes,'' Ms. Blackburn writes of Bates, ``and sometimes she wonders if she is passing away with them.'' Given all the improvisation Ms. Blackburn has employed in these pages, ``Daisy Bates in the Desert'' is not a biography in any conventional sense, but a radiant work of imaginative sympathy.
Family members appeared before the pardon board, hoping to counter testimony from death-penalty opponents.
``And although the family had remained private before then, there was a feeling that it was time to speak up.'' The impending execution prompted a flood of phone calls, faxes and letters to the three pardon board members.
Prompt approval would give the president a victory and a psychological lift just before the November election.
I had never before slept under a canopy, except on bivouac in the Army, and that wasn't in a four-poster bed but a sleeping bag, and the canopy was a mosquito net.
According to Variety, the potential weekly gross for ``Grease!'' at the Eugene O'Neill Theater, for instance, jumped from $481,000 before the price increase to $495,000 afterward.) 	Another misapprehension you're likely to have if you're just returning to the city is that Broadway doesn't operate on Sunday nights.
I had never before slept under a canopy, except on bivouac in the Army, and that wasn't in a four-poster bed but a sleeping bag, and the canopy was a mosquito net.
``The second factor is whether the president will want to to something before the November elections.
1 -- Century-old forest policy is responsible for the massive wildfires in the West that are expected to destroy about 4 million acres before they die out this winter, federal officials are charging.
In the meantime before the studies are completed, Francis said communities should evaluate where houses and other development should be permitted.
``He often tries to beat the receiver to his route, sometimes getting there before the receiver.
They are a couple of baseliners who can run all night, if need be, and Wednesday night they hammered away at each other on the Stadium Court for 3 hours 2 minutes before Chang rifled a 111-mile-an-hour service winner and took a 4-6, 6-2, 6-3, 7-6 (7-3) victory in the second round of the U.S. Open.
Chang, however, got the break back in the fifth game, then scored crucial tie breaker mini-breaks on the seventh and eighth points, before serving out the match.
In Wednesday night's opening match, Conchita Martinez had some rickety moments, and long games, before she sent Nicole Arendt home a 6-3, 6-3 loser in the second round.
This has been a dormant team.'' Tobin, a no-nonsense former Bears executive who figures to give the Colts the backbone so obviously lacking before, seems intent on splashing water on more than a few faces.
Kiper said it was a move that epitomized why ``the Colts are the laughingstock of the league.'' But Tobin decided well before the draft to take Faulk rather than risk developing another quarterback, which would take at least a couple more years -- too much time for impatient Colts fans.
But, she said, that was 24 percent more than the year before.
There were other family problems: before the divorce, the Grossmans allowed the office manager to dismiss their only child, Jason, then 19, as head of the shipping crew because he was skipping work.
``The product of stickers will be around for a long time but how it gets to the consumer will change.'' Indeed, stickers have been around for at least a century and have changed their stripes before, with lick-on seals evolving into the self-adhesive gold stars favored by teachers as classroom rewards.
Grossman dropped money-losing lines that sentiment had allowed her to hold on to before.
On the KPRC tape of the hunt, aired Thursday, Bush is pictured holding the borrowed shotgun and a voice can be heard saying, ``On your left.'' Then, in the instant before Bush shot, a voice is heard saying, ``Hold it.
On the KPRC tape of the hunt, aired Thursday, Bush is pictured holding the borrowed shotgun and a voice can be heard saying, ``On your left.'' Then, in the instant before Bush shot, a voice is heard saying, ``Hold it.
The only disability insurance available to police officers before Borkowski's arrival was a policy from Benefit Trust Life Insurance, now called Trustmark Insurance, which provided benefits for only a few years after a disabling injury.
Kim reportedly indicated in the letter that he would continue to follow the flexible policy on the nuclear issue that his father adopted shortly before his death from a heart attack.
Both minor trades were made about an hour before Wednesday's midnight deadline, but Michael said that the three teams agreed to delay the announcements until Thursday.
Alaska's Supreme Court and lower courts in several other states have ruled that prisoners must prevail in appealing their convictions before they can sue their lawyers.
Her shipmate, David Robertson, agreed and called the motel a ``cool place.'' Wonder acknowledged that only a few people have caused ``the dishonor'' at the motel, but he believes that the city must take the offensive before the problem gets further out of hand.
An official Moroccan statement said that its diplomatic connection to what it called ``the Palestinian state'' -- something that does not exist -- would remain as before in Tunis, the headquarters of the Palestine Liberation Organization.
By 1986, Peres visited the king publicly when he was prime minister, and last year he and Rabin went to Morocco before returning to Israel from the famous handshake with Arafat at the White House.
And although he had a privileged upbringing that sent him to the right prep schools before his family name helped him make millions in business ventures, he has little patience for those who cannot pull themselves up on their own.
There were no birds in the air when she alighted before the cameras in Terrell, Texas, outside Dallas.
A NEW YORK COOK-IN FOR JEAN DALRYMPLE NEW YORK  (BC-PEOPLE-BRIEFS-NYT) Traditionally, on the day before Labor Day, a group of about 40 friends gathers to sing ``Happy Birthday'' to Jean Dalrymple, the producer, director, actress and author, who will be 92 on Sunday.
And how can Washington make any judgment before a deal has even been completed?
But the government was still insisting that it wanted at least some kind of signal before, as a widely used metaphor put it, ``the clock starts ticking.'' The current secretary for Northern Ireland, Sir Patrick Mayhew, sounded almost pleading when he told a London interviewer that all that was needed was one little word.
Pepsico had to try more than 600 flavors, ranging from Roasted Cuttlefish to Sweet Carmel, before settling on Savory American Cream (``a buttered popcorn flavor,'' Goh said) and Zesty Japanese Steak (``a teriyaki-type taste'').
Amy Hagen, 24, of Troy, Mich., worked as a paralegal in a New York firm before joining the Class of '97 at Chicago Law School.
Sanctions and diplomacy should be the principal policy tools, even though these have not achieved their aims so far, and possibly may not achieve them before President Jean-Bertrand Aristide's term runs out in 1996.
With little time to get organized before the opening on Thursday, Palestinian educators acknowledged that there would be little difference in the content of studies between this school year and the last.
West Bank schools will continue to follow the curriculum used in Jordan, which ruled the area before it was captured by Israel in the 1967 Arab-Israeli war.
In the Gaza Strip, where schools open on Saturday, they will follow the curriculum used in Egypt, which controlled the Gaza Strip before 1967.
And how can Washington make any judgment before a deal has even been completed?
SYMBOLS AND INEQUITIES OF THE SOUTH LINGER ON TOURISM-RICH HILTON HEAD HILTON HEAD ISLAND, S.C.  (BC-HILTON-HEAD-BLACKS-ART-630-(2TAKES)-NYT) One day when he was a small boy and this was an undeveloped dream world of salt marsh, beach front and pine forest where all the inhabitants were black, Gene Wiley saw something he had never seen before -- a white man.
``My biggest fear is that before long, we'll all be gone, and other than a marker here or a graveyard there, there will be nothing left to say that at one time black people were ever here.'' 
A memo distributed by the United pilots' union to its members before their buyout suggested that each union would continue to pursue its narrow interests in future contract talks.
In addition, the United pilots maintained in their new contract a provision held over from the days before deregulation in 1978 that enables employees with more seniority to extend their vacation time.
The company, in a 32-page rebuttal that was distributed before the Entine's article was published, acknowledged that there was an FTC investigation.
In Washington, the National Governors Association issued a statement saying it still hoped to see legislation enacted this year, but not if it included ``unacceptable cost shifts to states.'' For that reason, the association said, while they encouraged Congress to keep working, ``we neither endorse nor oppose, in its entirety, any proposal before the U.S. Senate.'' Meanwhile, Senate staff members continued to examine the implications of proposals by the self-styled Mainstream Coalition, a biparisan group of about 20 senators hoping to find a compromsie measure with more deficit reduction than other plans.
But the market often rallies, however modestly, on the Friday before the long Labor Day weekend.
Thursday morning, before the stock market opens at 9:30, traders will scrutinize the Labor Department's report on employment.
``But,'' he insists, ``we're not so high that it's ridiculous.'' In any case, the sudden increases required by the law shocked many divorced parents -- mostly men -- who had been paying child support since before 1992.
Economists surveyed before the release had expected an increase of 325,000.
Instead, it was regarded as a pre-existing ailment, and he was told he would have to wait until the change-over after the first game of the third set before he could be tended to.
Early informed Lendl that a trainer was on the way through the throng outside the Stadium Court but would reach him too late to help him before the chair umpire's stopwatch mandated a return to play.
Councilman Donald Tucker said the subpoena ordered him to appear before a federal grand jury between at an undesignated time next week.
``Everybody who got the subpoena is going to be called before the grand jury, whether it's a councilperson, the mayor or a department head,'' Tucker said.
 (BC-BONDS-DIVORCE-350&ADD-SFCHRON) The star-struck judge who asked for Barry Bonds' autograph just moments after cutting the baseball star's family support payments in half has withdrawn from the case and set aside his earlier ruling, paving the way for a rehearing of the issue before a new judge.
By agreeing to drop his ruling in the case, he has now cleared the way for a full rehearing before the county's only other family court judge, Judy Kozloski.
``The failure of the access door is a design problem that will have to be fixed before the basic airplane can be certified,'' said David Duff, a spokesman for the Federal Aviation Administration, the agency that approves new aircraft for commercial service.
Two weeks ago, before the panel came off on the test flight over Eastern Washington, Boeing officials decided not to fly any of its three 777s to the Farnborough '94 Air Show in England.
I don't think I've ever heard of that before,'' he said.
was intrigued by the loans but said the costs would have to be examined before other builders would offer similar programs.
Just two months ago, Laurence Tisch, the chairman of CBS, agreed to turn over control of that network to Barry Diller before the proposed merger between CBS and Diller's company, QVC Inc., collapsed.
Just two months ago, Laurence Tisch, the chairman of CBS, agreed to turn over control of that network to Barry Diller before the proposed merger between CBS and Diller's company, QVC Inc., collapsed.
Not one British patrol in two hours.'' But in the Protestant neighborhoods on the other side of the River Foyle, the only calm most people acknowledged was the kind that comes before the worst storm.
Time to Go.'' ``I not sure anyone would have wanted to try climbing that fence before today,'' McGuinness said, chuckling at the audacity.
Firefighters, ambulance technicians and seamen let the stowaways -- 10 men and a woman -- out of the container before dawn Thursday.
Reinke of the Port Authority police said three of the 11 were semiconscious when rescue teams took them from the foul-smelling container shortly before 3:15 a.m. Thursday.
The 11, who ranged in age from 18 to 53, had endured three days at sea in the container and another at the dock in Elizabeth before help came.
What little food and water they took into the container at the port of Rio Haina in the Dominican Republic on Saturday night was gone by Monday, two days before the S.S. Carolina docked in Elizabeth, Nancy Pacheco, a nurse at the medical center, said.
Until a policy change this month, the INS had required the owner of the ship or plane that stowaways took to the United States to pay for their food and lodging before asylum hearings.
He was neglected and burned with cigarettes before he was 3.
His body was discovered shortly before 12:30 a.m. The superintendent said the boy had either been ``taken or walked'' about 15 feet into the underpass, a few blocks from where he lived and where Shavon had died.
``That's what hurts so much.'' Both Shavon and Robert attended the same school before Robert was sent to a group home.
``I hadn't heard these numbers before, but when I get back, one of my priorities is to convince the leadership that we need a supplemental appropriation,'' Rep.
``Some guys give it up after a day,'' Belfer said, crouching under a sign that read ``Drunks Will Be Dismissed.'' ``I go through a lot of people before I find someone who sticks around for a while.'' At the moment, the senior chair operator is Thomas Scierioth, a wiry 54-year-old who has pushed chairs since 1984.
``Some guys give it up after a day,'' Belfer said, crouching under a sign that read ``Drunks Will Be Dismissed.'' ``I go through a lot of people before I find someone who sticks around for a while.'' At the moment, the senior chair operator is Thomas Scierioth, a wiry 54-year-old who has pushed chairs since 1984.
SEAGRAM, AMERITECH AND COUNTRYWIDE ALL END REVIEWS, CHOOSING NEW AGENCIES  (BC-REVIEWS-ADS-MEDIA-NYT) Three reviews on accounts with combined billings of more than $70 million all ended Wednesday, perhaps reflecting mutually shared desires to clear off desks before the long Labor Day weekend.
Lee Kovel, a partner and executive creative director at Lord, Dentsu, said ``a national brand-building, business-building campaign'' for Countrywide would begin before the end of the year.
But most residents of Greater Miami, population two million, expect it is only a matter of time before they are released and absorbed locally, soon to be followed by tens of thousands more held by the American authorities at Guantanamo Bay and from Cuba proper.
As it turned out, the couple spent their two-week vacation avoiding the Miami area, stopping in Miami Beach only for lunch before catching a plane home Thursday evening.
The Raiders are desperate for running backs and just want to make sure Bunch's physical status is all right before making any kind of contract offer.
In a separate action, Efman has filed papers with Surrogate's Court in the Bronx seeking the release of Rifkin's adoption papers, which he says may indicate whether the defendant suffered any brain damage before his birth.
``It's certainly fine with us.'' Fehr has wondered publicly and privately why Selig hasn't stepped in before this.
Perkins didn't survive the 1990 season, and Chandler appeared in only 13 games over two years for the Bucs before he was waived during the 1991 season.
She was born in Canada in 1870, and worked as a schoolteacher in Massachusetts before receiving a cheap camera as a prize for selling a magazine subscription.
These same qualities were shared by many of the artists and other people who came to Greenwich Village in the years just before World War I.
He is to spend 30 to 60 days at the halfway house before being released on probation.
Rice says he'll sometimes change uniform pants a couple of times before a game trying to find a pair that fit him just the way he wants, even trying different sizes.
Barry Agulnick, the lawyer for Thompson, said he had advised his client not to speak with O'Dwyer before the investigations by the police and the Manhattan district attorney were complete.
Michaels wrestled with the question of revealing the outcome of that first game before the local viewers saw the replay.
``I think it is the best sports show on television, maybe the best sports show in the history of television.'' Maybe so, but before anyone goes out to bronze their blazer, let's remember that this isn't exactly Masterpiece Theatre.
The year before, we lost only six grass races.
The bill is still more than twice what Glenn paid for herself before adding Susanne to the policy, she said.
Clifford said that the police are investigating whether there was a connection between the fatal blaze and two other incidents in which intruders tried to set fire to the store just days before the blaze.
One woman, Rosie Rios, said that the last few times she shopped there before the fire, the owner, Jose Castillo, said he was no longer giving credit to customers.
It is possible that the benefit cutbacks imposed by Bettman could be rescinded and restored to the players on a retroactive basis if an agreement is reached before the season.
COMMENT: Giants Coach Dan Reeves shook up his defense a week before the season opener.
But most residents of Greater Miami, population two million, expect it is only a matter of time before they are released and absorbed locally, soon to be followed by tens of thousands more held by the American authorities at Guantanamo Bay and from Cuba proper.
As it turned out, the couple spent their two-week vacation avoiding the Miami area, stopping in Miami Beach only for lunch before catching a plane home Thursday evening.
But the residents of Miami figure its only a matter of time before they are released and absorbed locally.
But the residents of Miami figure its only a matter of time before they are released and absorbed locally.
But the residents of Miami figure its only a matter of time before they are released and absorbed locally.
Eastern Parkway will close at 10:00 a.m., an hour before the parade.
-- A witness who claimed his life was in danger was held in contempt of court for refusing to testify before the Los Angeles County grand jury investigating whether criminal charges are warranted against Simpson's friend, Al Cowlings.
Most believe the envelope contains what prosecutors could allege to be the murder weapon -- a folding, single-blade knife purchased by Simpson at Ross Cutlery several weeks before the killings.
In another mystery connected to the Simpson case, a witness who identified himself as John Dunton was summoned before the Los Angeles County grand jury on Thursday.
Dunton appeared before the grand jury after a motion to quash his subpoena was denied.
He refused, however, to testify and instead read the following statement: ``With all due respect, and not meaning to be contemptious (sic) in any way, I must decline to answer the question on grounds that it is irrelevant to the present grand jury inquiry, is a violation of the District Attorney's promise not to place me before this grand jury or otherwise make use of information supplied by me to the District Attorney, and upon the grounds that the denial of my motion to quash the subpoena which requires my presence here is being taken up to the District Court of Appeal by way of writ which has not yet been ruled upon.'' Dunton was found to be in contempt of court for refusing to testify, and he is prepared to surrender for an unknown jail term if he fails to win on appeal, Rentzer said.
The grand jury is investigating the role Cowlings played in Simpson's brief getaway on June 17, when the two led police on a 60-mile slow-speed pursuit before surrendering at Simpson's estate.
But most residents of Greater Miami, population two million, expect it is only a matter of time before they are released and absorbed locally, soon to be followed by tens of thousands more held by the American authorities at Guantanamo Bay and from Cuba proper.
As it turned out, the couple spent their two-week vacation avoiding the Miami area, stopping in Miami Beach only for lunch before catching a plane home Thursday evening.
Sanctions and diplomacy should be the principal policy tools, even though these have not achieved their aims so far, and possibly may not achieve them before President Jean-Bertrand Aristide's term runs out in 1996.
For more than three quarters, virtually the only fireworks for Georgia Tech came when the booster club shot off some skyrockets from the roof of a nearby building before the game.
Shah rushed a school-record 40 times for 187 yards in the third game of last season, at Stanford, before sitting out the rest of the year with injuries to both knees.
``I'm not sure you ever forget those days,'' said Johnson, whose son, Bret, was a quarterback first at UCLA, at Michigan State, then in the Canadian Football League before being waived recently by the Atlanta Falcons.
Turmoil reigned in pro football before a handful of businessmen, in the fall of 1920, huddled in a Hupmobile showroom in Canton, Ohio, and formed a confederation of teams that would soon become the National Football League.
When Kansas City released Williams in April, he was such a hot property that he sat around for 22 days before signing a contract.
It had never happened before: a fall in one had always been made up by a rise in the other.
It had never happened before: a fall in one had always been made up by a rise in the other.
It had never happened before: a fall in one had always been made up by a rise in the other.
Morales said he recalled seeing a man, whom he recognized as someone who had entered and left Ms. Gonzalez's apartment before, standing at a breezeway on the 20th floor a few days ago.
Never before has a U.S. court permitted banishment as punishment.
PLOP, PLOP, FIZZ, FIZZ: PIERCE EATS, THEN WINS NEW YORK  (BC-TEN-OPEN-PIERCE-NYT) Mary Pierce, who needed to munch a bunch of Maalox to settle an untimely, unruly stomach at match time, had never played Thursday night's opponent, Katarina Studenikova, had never seen her before.
He knew what teams were going to do before they did it, and he was able to transmit that to the defensive unit.
He has the high leg lift, tucking his knee under his chin before delivering a pitch.
Later the same day, he appeared before Municipal Court Judge Barbara Mallach, who was told that Robey, 40, also was in violation of probation from previous misdemeanor convictions.
Divers traded last-minute instructions before dropping into the night sea like battle-ready aquanauts.
Divers traded last-minute instructions before dropping into the night sea like battle-ready aquanauts.
Children play in the river just as these relatives did generations before.
And 35 miles southeast the San Marcos joins with the Guadalupe before flowing another 90 miles south to the Gulf.
``It's more about making sure you have your own distribution outlets for your new productions.'' Television has been through such a realignment before.
``I learned the knuckle curve the summer before my sophomore year from a Seton Hall pitcher, Steve Hayward,'' Nitkowski said.
Parents are urged to learn more about the film before taking children.
About 52 people before they're put in Tommy Lee Jones' jail.
If the future is rightly haunted by the slaughter, it may at least hesitate before committing more.
``We are seeing it now where we never saw it before.'' Bryan said that condom use by rapists may be happening more often than victims are telling her.
It's not surprising in an era of increasing STDs that they would use that for protection, and it may be that they wish to avoid leaving any evidence.'' Dr. Michael Cox, a Baylor College of Medicine psychologist who runs the Sex Abuser Treatment Program there, said some rapists fantasize their assault before they actually commit it.
``Way before we had rape kits, we relied on the testimony of the victim,'' he said.
Children play in the river just as these relatives did generations before.
And 35 miles southeast the San Marcos joins with the Guadalupe before flowing another 90 miles south to the Gulf.
Taking into consideration the way she fed the kids -- broth without any bread -- and the corporal punishment she meted out to them before making them take a nap, the safer assumption is that the kids were related to her by blood.
The crisis, if there is one, has been with us for a long time; it doesn't have to be solved before the 1994 elections.
Like the hotly contested crime bill before it, the health-care issue is about politics.
At least a dozen big contests -- for governor, U.S. Senate or U.S. House -- appear two months before the election to depend to a substantial degree on how successful the religious right is in motivating its adherents or in defending against charges that it wants to turn the U.S. government into a theocracy.
At least a dozen big contests -- for governor, U.S. Senate or U.S. House -- appear two months before the election to depend to a substantial degree on how successful the religious right is in motivating its adherents or in defending against charges that it wants to turn the U.S. government into a theocracy.
``We are going to try to defeat the people who worked against us.'' The NRA has made similar threats before, but the organization's impact this year is particularly important in light of increasing defections from politicians tired of its strong-arm tactics or convinced that it's out of touch with most voters.
Our industry has never before organized itself to help the NRA in the all-important goal of increasing our customers' support for their own rights.
It had never happened before: a fall in one had always been made up by a rise in the other.
It had never happened before: a fall in one had always been made up by a rise in the other.
It had never happened before: a fall in one had always been made up by a rise in the other.
For example, he projected that the company would be profitable before the summer of 1993, but Billy Blues is still losing money.
A new night for America's favorite cartoon family -- actually, the original night, because ``The Simpsons'' aired on Sunday before moving to Thursday.
O'Grady is a former model and commercial actress who worked in Chicago, New York and Tokyo before, in 1986, moving to Hollywood to try her luck there.
And as for Caruso, he'll be in the first four episodes, before being replaced by Jimmy Smits of ``L.A. Law.'' Reportedly ``NYPD'' producers wouldn't meet his price of $100,000 an episode (a $70,000 raise), but many believe Caruso wanted to try his hand at feature films, anyway.
A comedy writer, he appeared as a skit player on ``The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour,'' ``The Sonny and Cher Comedy Hour'' and several other shows before inventing Super Dave.
A new night for America's favorite cartoon family -- actually, the original night, because ``The Simpsons'' aired on Sunday before moving to Thursday.
``We have mounted the largest-spending campaign, the largest ever done to promote anything,'' Dolgin said before the Broncos-49ers preseason game Aug.
Johnson, who won the past two Super Bowls before parting ways with the Cowboys last spring, is expected to join Long, Bradshaw and ``traffic cop'' James Brown on the Fox NFL Sunday panel every week.
``We'll have solid football enhancements that people will say, `Why haven't (networks) done this before?' '' Goren claims.
For every $1 of sales in 1991, car dealers showed a profit of a little over a penny before taxes, according to the latest edition of a statistic-filled financial almanac.
``The CBI has been responsible for a decade of unparalleled growth in trade between the United States and the Caribbean, acting as a catalyst for exports, investment and employment creation,'' Jamaica's ambassador to the United States, Richard Bernal, testified before Congress last year.
Nintendo, which had left the arcade business two years before, edited out graphic violence; sales as well as image with avid game players suffered.
There was yet another delay before a trickle of Cuban criminals began to be returned to Cuba.
I just wonder how many more census studies it will take before the numbers are accepted as real by all those folks who insist that the only legitimate American family is the traditional nuclear grouping of biological Mom, Dad, Junior and Sister Sue.
CAT'S `PSYCHOLOGICAL DISTRESS' ROOTED IN MOLARS  (BC-RIVENBARK-COLUMN-$ADV08-NYT) The veterinarian examined my 9-year-old cat Tiny Puss thoroughly before finally removing his stethoscope and pronouncing that she was ``psychologically distressed.'' Where did I go wrong?
At the Stones' age, osteoporosis is a real danger and it would slow down the show terribly if Mick Jagger were to fall and break a hip right in the middle of ``Jumping Jack Flash.'' For this reason, I think it would be wise if Jagger confined himself to some gentle finger-snapping and toe-tapping, taking care to stretch out thoroughly before the show in order to avoid painful cramps.
``The least you can say is there's a lot more hope than before.'' Hooley is well aware of the previous failed truces, the threat that Northern Irish Protestants feel, and the dangers from within and without that a truce poses to the IRA.
What did the U.S. forces at Guantanamo do before the base became a refugee camp?
But with the age of specialization businesses are stopping at a new breed of consulting firms before heading to ad agencies.
``If you looked at our menu, you might not know the difference'' between meals served before the district started cutting the bad and increasing the good last year, Marshall said.
The company has no timetable for rolling out major store-design changes, she said, but it's a ``fair assumption'' that will occur before 1997.
Taking them has the advantage of maintaining a regular monthly cycle, providing simple, safe birth control and increasing skeletal density before menopause, Young said.
He stresses that it is important to check the woman's hormone level before concluding that the symptoms are related to perimenopause.
It won over a Raytheon missile called the ``Multi Mode'' that detonates before it reaches its target to either destroy or knock the deadly missile off course.
It won over a Raytheon missile called the ``Multi Mode'' that detonates before it reaches its target to either destroy or knock the deadly missile off course.
He taught at the Universities of Mississippi and Texas and at Vanderbilt before becoming dean.
``Everything depends on one man,'' said Sergei Chernov, a flight control director for the Russian Space Agency, before the docking was completed.
``That gives them a month to adjust to less light and air before getting hit in the face again when I turn the heat on,'' he says.
I know it's bad form to defend greedy capitalists, but before you rush to your typewriter or your laptop computer to tell me so, consider that you are probably one of them.
That reality used to be rather remote for most people, who knew vaguely that their companies had a pension plan and how long it would take before they had vested rights in it.
I don't want to work in a situation where someone who happened to be hired a short time before I did is automatically ahead of me forever, even if he slacks off every chance he gets (but just short of getting fired), never learns anything new and rarely gets anything right.
But before Friday, she added, there were no guidelines spelling out what kinds of activities could be investigated.
SIGNS OF STABILITY KEEP SAO PAOLO HOT SAO PAOLO, Brazil  (BC-GLOBAL-MARKETS-ART-$ADV04-NYT) With one month to go before Brazil's presidential election, a centrist candidate has decisively overtaken his socialist opponent in all opinion polls, triggering a frenzy of investment and pushing Sao Paulo's stock index up 67 percent since the beginning of July.
Behind Cardoso's surge in the polls is the short term success of a new economic plan that he designed as finance minister before stepping down in April to run for president.
DeGraffenreid then left Skillicorn and Nicklasson and went into hiding at an area motel, where he partied with friends for a week before his arrest Wednesday.
Stallkamp, vice president for procurement and supply, explained that suppliers were hired earlier in the design process than ever before and had more time to improve quality and iron out problems.
In 1992, an out-of-court settlement between German officials and Lieutenant Meador's heirs led to the exhibition of the treasures at the Dallas Museum of Art that spring before they were returned to Germany.
The next year they were exhibited before overflow crowds at the State Museum for Decorative Arts in Berlin, and last September they were finally returned to Quedlinburg.
They make clear that Meador, who studied art with his mother and taught art in the high school in New London, Texas, before entering the Army, recognized the unusual value of what he was stealing.
Djurkovic then called for reinforcements, and shortly before 6 p.m., two tanks and an armored personnel carrier arrived on the scene, Kessler said.
Perhaps the most surprising aspect of Microsoft's licensing rules for Chicago is that the company issued them even before these rulings.
In addition, the April 30 deadline was set when Microsoft expected to ship Chicago before the end of 1994.
The information wasn't announced at the track until shortly before post time.
``To do battle with them now would be a recipe for disaster, and give Gerry Adams the profile of a peace general.'' Indeed, a certain low level of violence might even be politically acceptable to the IRA Not only did they say they would not be provoked into retaliation, but Martin McGuinness, a ranking Sinn Fein official, said such attacks ``explode the myth once and for all that the Loyalists are reacting to IRA violence.'' While the Protestant paramilitaries are better armed and prepared than before, police officials in Belfast offer one other reason why the Protestants might eschew a campaign of violence: if the IRA keeps to its cease-fire, there are 12,000 police officers and 18,000 soldiers who will have more time to keep an eye on the Ulster Freedom Fighters, the Ulster Volunteer Force and other Protestant gunmen.
``The people of Texas (will) have to wait another two years before they will enjoy constitutional congressional districts that are not segregated by race or religion,'' he said.
``Redoing the lines two months before the election would cause total havoc,'' said Don Carlson, an aide to Republican U.S. Rep.
4)  (BC-BIZWEEK-ART-2takes-$ADV04-NYT) In the last flurry of statistics before Labor Day forces everyone to start acting like a grown-up again, the economy is looking pretty much as it has for a while now: it's slowing, but not too much.
The record stood, but in weather that harsh spit freezes before it hits the ground, die-hard batteries die quickly, synthetic parkas from fancy American camping stores crack like Turkish taffy and frostbite can destroy an unprotected hand or nose in minutes.
``We had played Dallas well the week before going into the third quarter.
In a brief discussion before the meeting with Spring, one journalist tried to turn a conversation about crossword puzzles into one about growing tensions over Haiti, but Clinton backed away, gazed at the sky, shook his head and said, ``Not today.'' The president was plainly eager to share the glow from Wednesday's announcement of a cease-fire by the Irish Republican Army, and he won particular praise from the Irish envoy for his decision last spring to allow Gerry Adams, the leader of Sinn Fein, to make a two-day visit to the United States.
Under an agreement struck with the Russians a year ago, NASA could conduct as many as 10 flights to Mir before starting the assembly of a new international space station in late 1997 with the Russians, Europeans, Japanese and Canadians.
``To do battle with them now would be a recipe for disaster, and give Gerry Adams the profile of a peace general.'' Indeed, a certain low level of violence might even be politically acceptable to the IRA Not only did they say they would not be provoked into retaliation, but Martin McGuinness, a ranking Sinn Fein official, said such attacks ``explode the myth once and for all that the Loyalists are reacting to IRA violence.'' While the Protestant paramilitaries are better armed and prepared than before, police officials in Belfast offer one other reason why the Protestants might eschew a campaign of violence: if the IRA keeps to its cease-fire, there are 12,000 police officers and 18,000 soldiers who will have more time to keep an eye on the Ulster Freedom Fighters, the Ulster Volunteer Force and other Protestant gunmen.
As for the proposals that will go before the board this fall, maybe the MTA's managers can say yes to all of them and find other ways to speed up the whole process.
Volume, even for a Friday before a long Labor Day weekend, was low.
In moving to suppress evidence obtained before the warrant was issued, defense lawyers are making a final attempt to press this argument about the legality of the seizure.
It coincided with tailback Derrick Cullors being thrown to the turf during the Horned Frogs' final supposed noncontact workout before the team departed for North Carolina.
``It's within the realm of the theoretical that clubs could point to other considerations for the moves.'' In the week before the players walked out on Aug.
11, the day before the strike).
The Red Sox also called up Todd Frohwirth, Rick Trlicek and Greg Litton in the days before the strike began.
The Indians could avoid paying $260,820 to Jerry DiPoto, Rene Gonzales and Russ Swan, whom they added to their roster before the strike.
The other players on the union's questionable call-up list are Kent Bottenfield of San Francisco, Erik Pappas of St. Louis, Tom Bolton of Baltimore and Bob Wells of Seattle, all promoted before the strike began.
But clubs would have to act well before that if the union files default notices for any of the questionable call-ups.
VIRTUAL MAYHEM PRODUCES REAL PROFITS FOR GAME CREATORS MESQUITE, Texas  (BC-DOOM-GAME-2TAKES-NYT) American McGee chases his colleague Shawn Green through the office, leaping over acid pits and dodging radioactive debris before cornering him in a cul-de-sac.
He is headed into town, he says, to mess with a few minds before performances of his show ``Twister: A Ritual Reality'' at the Bumbershoot arts and music festival.
``It's better to give money to the people than to give it to the government,'' he says, before dancing merrily back to the busful of Tin Men and flying bean bags, whale tales and flag-waving jesters.
``They got one thing wrong: Chico stopped drinking three years before his death.'' For Alves, the film, which is to be televised by HBO on Sept.
Fox had never done football before?
``I want to wear my own clothes,'' he said as his mother pulled a white shirt from the rows that lay before him.
Those who did so, the district says, soon found that their students were making better grades, were better behaved and were less frequently absent than before.
One of those provisions requires a school district to consult with parents, teachers and principals before adopting a uniform code.
A second requires that parents be given six months' notice before any such code takes effect.
Mertis Black, a nurse who lives behind the Hardaways' house, said that last Saturday, the day before Shavon was killed, she called the police when Cragg and a group of other boys were speeding through the alley at 60 miles an hour in a station wagon that had apparently been stolen.
12 before making a move to sign him.
Officials at Oak Harbor and at the Navy want to do as much as they can on the project before the 1995 round of base closure hearings.
Johnson's agent, Nick Christin, said the former Cowboys coach will wait until the season is over before he decides whether to return to coaching.
Brazil -- with 154 million people, about half the population of South America -- is where U.S. franchisers say they want to plant their flag first before branching out to other countries in the region.
Investigators have concluded that Robinson had his gun in his hand and might have been moving as he lay on the ground before DelDebbio.
But Thompson makes it clear that after Robinson was struck by the first shot from the off-duty officer, he himself had time to take cover and reposition himself before DelDebbio took a step out of the subway train and fired as many as three shots into the back of the prone plain-clothes officer.
Investigators said earlier this week that they were exploring the possibility that DelDebbio had been struck before he had emptied his gun into Robinson, and thus perhaps felt he was under attack from multiple gunmen.
An astounding number of players cash it in before they have exhausted the possibilities.
before I leave this world that I feel has treated me so unfairly.'' At the bottom, in large block letters, were the words: ``MY FINAL REQUEST.'' ``This sounds like he's going to commit suicide,'' Floyd said.
Minutes before, Floyd had deferred on the subject of his past.
As proof, he sat before his locker Wednesday eating a Bar None candy bar, and he has been known to use the nickname as his signature.
A native of Brooklyn, O'Toole worked in the public relations department of the Chase National Bank in New York, before joining The New York Times as a financial reporter in 1961.
Erickson, TWA's president and chief executive officer, said at a press conference before the ceremony that he was ``very proud to be here with this team of employees.'' ``My dedication and determination is as strong as theirs in making TWA a truly competitive carrier well into the next century,'' Erickson said.
Under that process, candidates are sponsored by a parish, examined by committees and finally approved by the bishop before attending a seminary.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) But he said he is still concerned by the earlier House of Deputies action, which prompted his emotional outburst before the House of Bishops.
Jaffa, a lawyer in the city corporation counsel's office, said that the city is awaiting reports from the Department of Investigation before deciding whether to approve the sale to either of the two highest bidders.
Under that process, candidates are sponsored by a parish, examined by committees and finally approved by the bishop before attending a seminary.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) But he said he is still concerned by the earlier House of Deputies action, which prompted his emotional outburst before the House of Bishops.
In other developments Friday, a source told The Associated Press that the ``mystery envelope'' in the Simpson case contains an unused knife Simpson bought several weeks before his former wife and her friend were killed.
``How long before she'll race?'' they would ask.
I will worry about such things when it looks like an agreement is in sight and not before.'' Selig, who also owns the Milwaukee Brewers, could not immediately be reached at his office or his home Friday night.
If it was meant to be a pressure tactic, the owners could have established that date a week ago, or even before.
Dalton made the statement shortly before the 13 Thlingit judges huddled in seclusion to put their formal stamp on the boys' fate.
Some residents found the proceedings amusing, while others accused Rudy James of humiliating the town by putting ancient Thlingit customs on full display before an international audience.
As with the Knicks and Harper, Phoenix proposed a one-year out to Tisdale, who is reportedly waiting to see if the controversial contract feature is outlawed before choosing between the Clippers and Suns.
The Post reported Friday that the Knicks also will likely wait for a ruling before announcing a deal with Harper.
Graziano would not say how much the strike is costing the Dodgers daily, but admitted ``the short-term losses are significant.'' Dodgers employees are expecting layoffs in almost every department, with the possibility that if there is no strike settlement this year they will have to reapply for jobs before next season.
The Kingdome's problems unfolded in July and August after four wood-fiber ceiling tiles fell into the seating area before a July 19 Seattle Mariners baseball game.
I'm not even the same person I was before the accident.'' Connors first will go to the state prison in Chino for processing and then be sent to another facility for the remainder of his sentence.
``But after I settled down I realized that was pretty unrealistic.'' Not so outlandish, said Sonju, is signing Kidd before the start of the next minicamp, Sept.15-17.
Unlike a year ago, when preseason battles at quarterback and kicker weren't settled until a few days before the opener, UCLA goes into this season with questions not about its scoring power but about its defense.
Academic styles are always coming and going, of course, with a new approach sometimes even being a demonstrable improvement on what came before (Einsteinian versus Newtonian physics, for example).
He has traced the course of the Zambezi River, skimming the gorge before the torrent plummets 170 meters over the mist-shrouded edge of Victoria Falls on the Zambia-Zimbabwe border.
He has traced the course of the Zambezi River, skimming the gorge before the torrent plummets 170 meters over the mist-shrouded edge of Victoria Falls on the Zambia-Zimbabwe border.
The record stood, but in weather that harsh spit freezes before it hits the ground, die-hard batteries die quickly, synthetic parkas from fancy American camping stores crack like Turkish taffy and frostbite can destroy an unprotected hand or nose in minutes.
Brazil -- with 154 million people, about half the population of South America -- is where U.S. franchisers say they want to plant their flag first before branching out to other countries in the region.
Worldwide competition was destroying key industries like shipbuilding, textiles and agriculture even before the festering animosity between nationalist Catholics and Loyalist Protestants exploded into a numbing cycle of killing.
He thinks that, even if peace takes root, it will take two generations before there is any real opportunity for the poor.
Republicans note -- correctly -- that even before the Clinton administration had a health care package, it had a deeply political strategy to sell the plan, and allies touting it in partisan terms.
Anthony Zinni of the Marine Corps has conducted relief missions in Russia, Iraq and Somalia and is considered such a poster boy for peacekeeping that he testified before a House committee on the Rwanda operation.
``March right down to the practice room,'' the singer sneers, before screaming with as much sarcasm as he can muster, ``attention and fame, a career, a career, a career.'' It's not just a rejection of music as a commodity, but a belief in the purity and innate power of the music of folk tales.
During a telephone interview from an undisclosed location with the Los Angeles Daily News several weeks before his arrest, Petersen alluded to the destruction that hackers like himself can cause with a few keystrokes.
``It's always a delicate balance.'' That balance could become even more delicate now, with the passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act -- and the lawsuit before Hatter.
If they could afford it, they'd probably give out stoves to get voters' attention.'' For instance, in the lieutenant governor's race, Democratic candidate Gray Davis, the state's controller, is planning to begin television commercials this week to try to get attention as early as he can and before heavy television coverage of the Simpson murder trial begins.
``Cuba is dead, dead, dead,'' Fuentes, who is 51, said in an interview here last week, before he flew to Washington.
But the Clinton administration is suspicious and wants several hundred international monitors placed on Serbia's border with Bosnia before there is any talk of ending Serbia's isolation.
Now, in time, he will simply crush Karadzic, as he had crushed others before him.'' Other views are that the Serbian leader is merely maneuvering for short-term gains and that he will inevitably resume his drive for a ``Greater Serbia.'' Or that he has never really been interested in ``Greater Serbia'' -- words he has never publicly pronounced -- but only in assuring that the large Serbian minority in Bosnia and the smaller one in Croatia secured adequate protection and political representation.
But before ``Monday Night Football'' stormed the football kingdom in 1970, before the first team of Keith Jackson, Howard Cosell and Don Meredith yielded after Year 1 to Cosell, Meredith and Frank Gifford, the National Football League entertained thoughts of ``Friday Night Football,'' or ``Monday Night Football'' on CBS or NBC.
A Mark McGwire home run kept them from sneaking into first place the day before the break, and they couldn't match the Yankees' torrid pace afterward, plummeting 10 games behind a week before the strike.
The plane just missed getting him there before midnight, but the incident led to a change in the rule.
Fargo, the director of operations for the Atlantic Command, said in a telephone interview that 48 hours before a hurricane is predicted to hit the Guantanamo Bay area, the military would put into effect a four-part plan that would safely shelter or evacuate all refugees at the base.
To avoid costly false alarms, the military has decided to wait until a storm is 48 hours away before putting the emergency plan into effect.
Most other teams begin training close to home, although the Detroit Red Wings will train in Glens Falls, working there the week before the Rangers arrive.
``We're still negotiating with a bit of a gun to our head.'' Gartner was traded by the Rangers a month before last spring's playoffs.
Campbell, never before a head coach, said his personal transition will be smooth because he knows the team and the city.
But as King trudged up the stairs of the American pub he was clearly entering a new phase of the long-running agony over Ireland's civil strife: An open-ended IRA cease-fire was under way, sure as the rising of the moon Wednesday night, and Joe Cahill, the 74-year-old patriarch and hard-liner in the IRA guerilla war, stood before the gathering of 20 important Irish-American leaders the very next day.
This time, as before, the influential, affluent Irish supporters on this shore would be riven or not, enthusiastic or not, to the extent that they grasped the hierarchical politics within the struggle back in Belfast and Derry.
Jeff Lageman, a major player at defensive end who believes he can return to form before his knee surgery two years ago, likes the new atmosphere generated by Carroll.
They make us a part of it.'' Consider how Carroll and Walton each handled a late-night phone call from a reporter just days before they were to coach their first NFL game.
``It was us and Washington that won the Super Bowls before Dallas, and both teams had the theory of smashing smaller teams, of laying on them and controlling them and wearing them completely down by the fourth quarter.
 (BC-FBN-COWBOYS-SPEED-2NDTAKE-NYT) One NFL team for whom the vertical game and speed have always been staples is the Raiders, who went 10-6 last season before losing in the second round of the playoffs.
27, just before midnight, he found his roommate, Simon Tejada Matos, crumpled at the side of his bed.
Ehrenhalt, the bureau's regional commissioner, who had pointed out that the government's methodology for collecting some employment data had changed and that accurate comparisons could not be made between figures before and after January of this year.
But I find it hard to understand why they were worried about confidentiality before.'' Silver said the Skelos-Feldman bill did not provide for enhanced supervision and treatment of sexual offenders, as his bill would.
And many owners will not allow contestants to tour the house before entering.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Dottie Munro's 15-room Victorian home in Easton, Md., sat on the market for more than a year before she decided to run a contest.
He thought about his answers before giving them,'' said 13-year-old Ian Sinclair of Staten Island.
We pray before we start every session in the House, why can't we allow our children to pray?'' Just across the Savannah River, the Georgia schools have begun observing moments of ``quiet reflection'' this year.
A fourth-grader at Bethel, Peter Sima-Eichler, said: ``It gives you a moment to unwind before school.
Just before the program one day, someone told her of a student in the hospital and she used the time to pray for her.
SUMMER TRAVEL SHOWS A SURGE ACROSS NATION  (BC-TOURISM-620-(2TAKES)-NYT) Spurred by low air fares, economic confidence and the unshakable lure of the road, Americans are traveling this summer like never before.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Many overseas tours were paid for before the dollar plummeted early this summer against European currencies, travel industry officials said, thereby insulating those American travelers from the currency equivalent of sticker shock.
At the University of California at Davis she became the only woman on the team, but she was released before the official season began.
RELIEF WORKERS IN RWANDA CALL FOR INTERNATIONAL TRIBUNAL KIGALI, Rwanda  (BC-RWANDA-HUMAN-RIGHTS-570&ADD-NYT) U.S. officials and relief workers here say that before any effective rebuilding of Rwanda can begin, those responsible for massacres in the civil war must first be brought to justice.
Their final report is not expected until the end of November, and there will be further delays before an international tribunal can be established.
The men, almost as an afterthought, beat her to the floor before they left.
Only 91 people have made it out so far, and it could be a matter of weeks or months before Jean and his children make that trip, Jean said.
He got his family's immigration documents in late May, just a few days before his family was assaulted.
``To that extent, the conference has already served a useful purpose before its opening,'' he said.
Saturday, administration officials said they would continue to insist that armed monitors be stationed along the Drina River between Serbia and Bosnian Serb-controlled areas of Bosnia before any sanctions are eased against Belgrade.
``I've dealt with Winston before.
The junta's position hardened for good last October after the USS Harlan County, carrying 200 Canadian and U.S. military trainers, was turned back by armed demonstrators from the docks of Port-au-Prince just two weeks before the negotiated date of Aristide's return.
Lee Hamilton, D-Ind., who heads the House Foreign Affairs Committee, said about Congress on ``Newsmaker Saturday.'' Some practical details also still need to be worked out before any invasion could likely happen.
Elway started five games in 1983 before being benched and replaced by -- of all people -- DeBerg.
On Thursday, two nights before the eight-day fair was to end, a coalition supporter swore out warrants charging the show's owner and the dancers with making an obscene display.
Last week, as Debbie Bell, 42, a computer analyst, waited for her husband to emerge from the tent, she recalled attending the show with him before they were married.
But 65 days before Election Day, health care is stuck in congressional gridlock, welfare restructuring is still a dream, and voters are in no mood to give Democrats more than grudging credit for helping create new jobs.
CHANG MAY HAVE HIS BEST SHOT AT A SLAM SINCE 1989 NEW YORK  (BC-TEN-ARATON-COLUMN-NYT) He was a Grand Slam champion before anyone really knew who he was.
Gibson, who served three terms before losing to Mayor Sharpe James in 1986, took in stride the attention the city was receiving in the mid-1980s from law-enforcement agencies during an interview more than a decade ago.
Eight days before a mayoral runoff with Gibson that year, Addonizio went on trial on charges of conspiring to obtain $1.4 million in kickbacks from contractors on city projects.
Asked whether Metrobank channeled campaign contributions to some council members before the tax abatement was granted, Branch replied: ``Not to me.'' ``I don't know what others may have done, but I got no contribution,'' he said.
Perhaps the bigger surprise was that neither of these dominant athletes had managed to win the overall title before.
I mean, I had never seen her play, had never seen her really on the court before.
Meantime, his tea leaves indicate the market may be due for another sinking spell before finally righting itself and heading for new heights.
But others, he said, are still awaiting the announcement of a hotel before they can come to Kansas City.
Any migrating fish on its way north or south must sprint across the gateway before it can hope to find cover or protection from predators.
The birds flocked, followed by the boats and there would be another five minutes of action before the fish disappeared again.
And one of the all-star allowance races of the season will be run before the Jerome with a field of six that includes Harlan, Evil Bear, Dalhart and Brunswick.
-- September 3, 1994 -- TOURISM, 9-4 -- Spurred by low air fares, economic confidence and the unshakable lure of the road, Americans are traveling this summer like never before.
-- September 3, 1994 -- TOURISM, 9-4 -- Spurred by low air fares, economic confidence and the unshakable lure of the road, Americans are traveling this summer like never before.
But the Giants did not catch the Dodgers before the strike hit, and now Strawberry might have only his 17 RBI in 29 games to prove his comeback with.
If he lost it, it wouldn't be long before he was back in Longmont, looking for a job.
There was some controversy on the play, because Porter caught the punt on the fly and ran into the end zone before he threw it back out.
After a tentative first quarter, and with five prominent players serving suspensions, Florida State rolled over Virginia, 41-17, before 74,551 at Doak Campbell Stadium.
And before he got into a rhythm, he had at least three other passes that could have been interceptions, collided with tailback Rock Preston as he faded to pass from his end zone and contributed to the demise of another drive when his hard pitch to Dunn was fumbled.
``We have to prevent the big play that can be devastating morale-wise,'' he said before the game.
Any resemblance to where football was played here before was almost non-existent.
``It's kind of like we've been snatched from the jaws of defeat.'' The 49ers suffered a major free-agent defeat before last season when their best defensive player, Pro Bowl lineman Pierce Holt, signed with the Atlanta Falcons.
To make ends meet, they traded high-priced linebacker Bill Romanowski and defensive tackle Ted Washington before the draft.
Instead of late nights parked beside hotel ice molds, discussing baseball's plight, World Series visitors could retire to a never-before seen array of all-night restaurants and what-have-you.
But Switzer noted that he has been able to withstand controversy before.
We had words, but we had had some words before.
He easily took the second set and went up two quick breaks and 30-0 in the fourth game of the third set before the match took another turn and Fromberg captured back one of the breaks.
USC defeated Washington 24-17 before 54,538 at the Coliseum, open again after eight months and a $60 million facial.
I don't know, I'm just glad he's on our team.'' Washington said that before the game, ``I had a lot of the jitterbugs.'' Then he took them all on the field with him, making Huskies defenders miss with a liquidy, elusive style.
A fumble by quarterback Damon Huard when he decided about three inches before hitting the ground that he should throw the ball away.
His failed effort to throw the ball away with a diearm shove an instant before he hit the gound -- it may have technically been a pass, but it was so poorly done that it deserved to be called a fumble -- led to a field goal that put USC ahead 10-7.
Never had he even considered one before.
Gary Baze broke three ribs when Oklahoma Morn threw the rider and then kicked him before the second race.
He'd never done that before, said Jeanne Mayberry, wife and assistant of the colt's trainer, Brian Mayberry.
I don't know if I've been on one like her before.'' A mid-sized daughter of 1984 Breeders' Cup Classic winner Wild Again and Carols Christmas -- the mare is a mainstay of Winchell's breeding program -- Call Now finished second (to Ski Dancer) and first in her only previous races.
``It wasn't much fun -- but it was worth it.'' Just before midnight, Kidd awoke to sign his name to the largest sports contract in Fort Worth-Dallas history, a nine-year, $60 million deal finalized yesterday morning at Reunion Arena.
It wasn't long before we began to find out just how good the Bruins really are.
This was a far cry from what the Bruins had in mind when, the week before, Shah gained 187 yards in 40 carries at Stanford and looked like the perfect complement to UCLA's passing game.
Manning handed off three times before the Vols punted.
Dettmer, showing he can win at The Ballpark, allowed one unearned run in six innings as the 89ers defeated the Omaha Royals, 6-3, before 15,231 fans.
Santana had an excellent year at Tulsa but could probably use a season at Oklahoma City before joining the Rangers.
Manning handed off three times before the Vols punted.
............7...........30 	(Island/Dell, $6.99.) Just before he 	kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
Ms. Larina, separated from their son, endured more than two decades of persecution before she was able to help redeem her husband's memory.
On Thursday, two nights before the eight-day fair was to end, a coalition supporter swore out warrants charging the show's owner and the dancers with making an obscene display.
Last week, as Debbie Bell, 42, a computer analyst, waited for her husband to emerge from the tent, she recalled attending the show with him before they were married.
SUMMER TRAVEL SHOWS A SURGE ACROSS NATION  (BC-TOURISM-620-(2TAKES)-NYT) Spurred by low air fares, economic confidence and the unshakable lure of the road, Americans are traveling this summer like never before.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Many overseas tours were paid for before the dollar plummeted early this summer against European currencies, travel industry officials said, thereby insulating those American travelers from the currency equivalent of sticker shock.
``I hope this committee's work will reinforce the notion that a customer's interest must come before the broker's, the firm's and the industry's.'' The committee moved quickly once the Justice Department said it would not raise antitrust objections, mailing a letter to members of the financial services industry earlier this week.
He graduated from Virginia Military Institute, served in the Army and studied law before moving to New York and taking acting classes at the Neighborhood Playhouse.
It was a sunny Sunday afternoon on the weekend before Ranger training camp is scheduled to open, and those gathered in the gymnasium-like room at Our Lady of Miracles Church in Brooklyn did not seem all that upset that Keenan will not be behind the Ranger bench this year.
``Traitor!'' Steven Madden hollered, before he turned tail and ran.
 (BC-PEOPLE-BRIEFS-NYT) A decade ago, before aphorisms by the artist Jenny Holzer became familiar sights in museums and galleries, she won a fellowship from Art Matters, an organization that often supports artists whose work is controversial.
Saturday, administration officials said they would continue to insist that armed monitors be stationed along the Drina River between Serbia and Bosnian Serb-controlled areas of Bosnia before any sanctions are eased against Belgrade.
Catherine O'Regan leaned closer in her front-row wheelchair, defying the arthritis that had been plaguing her 79-year-old bones all week long, to be captivated by a recalcitrant pup and dubious nuns parading before her.
Nor had she ever been to a Shakespeare play before.
O'Regan just had time to fix her hair and put on a bit of lipstick before heading out.
Catherine O'Leary, 82, watched the scattered rain with a worried eye before the play started.
One policeman, charged with trafficking in controlled substances, is among 30 who have been arraigned so far, while others are to be brought before a Quebec court, said Crown prosecutor Madeleine Giauque of Longueuil, a nearby community where the cases are being heard.
The administration has also trimmed by 22 -- about half -- the engineers who do the required traffic studies before new signs or signals can be installed.
Officials expect far more potholes this year than before.
But Legal Aid Society lawyers and some city officials who insisted on anonymity say the agency was severely understaffed before the cuts.
12, there seemingly is no one capable of doing so before the endangered season dies.
And Congress took no meaningful action before recessing.
	International 	A few minutes of frank chat accidentally televised across Brazil have cost the Finance Minister Rubens Ricupero his job, as President Itamar Franco moved to contain a scandal only one month before presidential elections.
He played Double A ball in Santo Domingo before he came to the United States eight years ago.
He says that with a schedule that often turns hectic, he enjoys the contemplative moments he carves out for himself before sunup.
Then, just before 7, the office gets noisy with the arrivals of Aida Gramieri, his secretary; Phil Tama, his executive assistant, and Lynne Savage, his chief of staff.
``We're smack in the middle of the country, and by the time it gets to us, it's old,'' she said, just before packing her suitcases and moving to a dormitory at the University of Nebraska in Kearney (population 24,000), where she will study psychology.
Andrews, a brilliant organizer who has often beaten the odds before, is under attack for two things he has done in Washington.
One message that emerges from the study by the institute, which issues a book-length report on ``The State of Working America'' every two years, is that the bachelor's degree, like the high school diploma before it, is no longer a ticket to a rising standard of living.
``I made the mistake of canceling my insurance before I got the company insurance,'' said Vestal, who is 5 feet, 10 inches tall and weighs 275 pounds.
OFF-THE-CUFF REMARKS BROADCAST ACROSS BRAZIL COST MINISTER HIS JOB RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil  (BC-BRAZIL-POLITICS-NYT) A few minutes of frank chat accidentally relayed to satellite dishes across Brazil has cost the finance minister his job, and President Itamar Franco struggled Sunday to contain a scandal only a month before the presidential election.
``So, they got it,'' the finance minister said, perhaps seeing his career sink before his eyes.
``God is truly Brazilian because the people have discovered the big lie 30 days before the elections,'' he said.
``It's a historical road that was there long, long before the park.
It has been 30 years since the last confirmed grizzly sighting in the area; in 1964, four years before the park was created, a bear was shot about 13 miles away in Fisher Creek.
In fact, months before Congress intervened, Harwit wrote to his curators telling them that the exhibition was one-sided.
But thanks to Dave Meggett's spectacular 68-yard return earlier in the game and a sloppy Philadelphia Eagles team that looked as if it skipped training camp, the Giants were able to beat the Eagles, 28-23, before 76,130.
``We knew how important it was to get off on the right foot.'' It was a baby step toward the Giants' immediate goal: a 3-0 start before the Sept.
Meggett responded it was the bobbled punt recovery because he has scored touchdowns before whereas he has never gotten a loose ball.
Szurek said that after Green's charges, the agency ``was the first to admit that the shelter food was not the best food in the world.'' ``But I'll stick to what I've said before: that the food is adequate and edible,'' he said.
AT THE U.N. POPULATION CONFERENCE, LAST-MINUTE DIPLOMACY CAIRO, Egypt  (BC-POPULATION-CONFERENCE-585-(2TAKES)-NYT) A day before the start of the U.N. population conference, United States and European officials said Sunday that new language was being prepared to assuage Vatican and Islamic fears that the gathering will enshrine abortion as an international right or as a means of family planning.
``The document before the conference is 92 percent agreed,'' he said.
-- The lead changed hands seven times before Boise State beat Northeastern, 36-26, in Idaho.
``You can't believe how many people flock to our ocean-front hotels, where you can watch the coastline erode right before your very eyes,'' said Patricia Shea, the director of the Chamber of Commerce of Bandon, Ore.
That is the standard practice of Cuomo's media adviser, David Garth, who has said he does not want his commercials analyzed by the media before they are viewed by the public.
Luke and Murphy Jensen brought their unique brand of rock-and-roll tennis to the Grandstand Court Sunday afternoon before a national television audience and a packed house of approximately 6,000 inside (and at least as many standing in line outside waiting to get in).
``We were doing this before the TV caught on or the general public knew.
On the other were ``the hard men,'' unreconstructed terrorists who felt that to end the armed struggle before Britain withdrew was suicidal.
But before then, in October, something so shocking happened that everything went on hold.
Some time before, a meeting of loyalists above the shop had disbanded.
Nowhere in the private messages did his government strike a position different from its public stance -- to the contrary, it was adamant in insisting that violence must end before negotiations could begin.
The two sides met in the U.S. mission to the United Nations at 2:15 p.m., but Johnson said the delegations spent much of the three hours before they emerged caucusing without the other side.
And members of Community Board 2, along with many residents of Westbeth, the subsidized artists' housing complex on West Street, had worried about the noise and hesitated before giving permission.
Unlike young Robert, who had had many run-ins with the police before he was implicated in the killing of 14-year-old Shavon Dean, Frog had no police record.
On Thursday, while his parents were at work, Jacob and the boys in the burglary met again at his house; they were in his bedroom just before 1 p.m. ``My brother and Jake got into a fight,'' Justin Moore said, referring to Jamie.
But as the game unfolded Sunday afternoon before 60,156 fans at Three Rivers Stadium, it was clear that this duel would offer so much more.
The next person to enter the room, police said, was Robert Morable, 26, a friend of Ms. Johnson's who had placed the gun atop the television the night before and forgotten it.
At this year's Chicago Blues Festival, Lance, wiry and energetic, urged the audience to do ``The Monkey Time,'' as he had three decades before.
``But I think the strength of this team is our ability to focus on the first step before we get to the top of the mountain.
You can't rattle him before the game, you can't rattle him during the game, you can't rattle him after the game.
And until Roger Smith's inspiring battle against Pete Sampras yesterday, the most fascinating moment of the tournament was Andre Agassi's blatant but hilarious exchange with commentator John McEnroe -- there he is again -- before the last two points of Agassi's victory over Guy Forget.
Unless you want to hear ``Another Manic Monday'' before Chang and Agassi resume play, good luck.
``Speed is a big part of what we do,'' says Ismail, and a big part of the reason defensive backs can be seen backpedaling before the snap.
``But as a point guard,'' Duffy said, ``Jason is like a quarterback, and he needs to be familiar with his teammates and vice versa.'' This enables Kidd to participate in the Mavericks' minicamp, which starts September 14, and assures that he's on board well before the start training camp October 2.
The RCA (nee Hoosier) Dome rocked Sunday like it had never rocked before.
Having vanquished Sean Salisbury back to Minnesota, Bucky Richardson already had the Commander cleanly in his sights before the season was 45 minutes old.
Carlson, whose ineffectiveness increased in direct proportion with the size of Indianapolis' lead, threw an interception and saw a fumble of his returned 75 yards for a touchdown before being led off with a separated left shoulder, raising another red flag about his durability.
For kids who want to learn how others operate before they become their own boss, San Francisco's Enterprise for High School Students helps 1,500 youth connect with 3,500 job openings each year.
Over on the other side, David ``Big Daddy'' Williams went out for a play to get his hat screwed on straight and Stan Thomas turned a tying touchdown chance from the Indy 5 into a 95-yard backfire that put the Oilers behind 14-0 before you could say ``waiver wire.'' Williams' little sprout could have held `em off longer.
While Hopkins, taken the year before because of the crying need at left tackle, was getting his eyes crossed, Ford wasn't even issued a uniform.
As the coaches puzzle over how to make things shipshape before meeting Dallas, Buffalo and 0-3, we'd wager that owner Bud Adams is doing some thinking of his own, or at least trying.
``We had every opportunity to win it and we didn't win it.'' Well, did he regret making statements before the game that appeared to downgrade the Rams as worthy opponents then?
On a day when the Rams didn't get a first down until the final half-minute of the first half, they relied heavily on their defense, welcomed a generous complement of big plays on both sides of the ball, and somehow managed to pull out a 14-12 victory over the even-less-polished Arizona Cardinals before an intimate gathering of 32,969 at Anaheim Stadium.
Baze was kicked in the chest -- protected by his mandatory flak jacket -- by Oklahoma Morn after the filly dumped him before a maiden race.
The next person to enter the room, police said, was Robert Morable, 26, a friend of Ms. Johnson's who had placed the gun atop the television the night before and forgotten it.
Therefore, Dumas would seemingly make himself money by signing before Tarpley, who is expected to be reinstated later this month after being banned by the league in 1991 for violating the anti-drug policy.
COWBOYS ROLL PAST STEELERS, 26-9 PITTSBURGH  (BC-FBN-COWBOYS-STEELERS-TEX) Concerns about Cowboys' erosion had been disposed of a half-hour before, with their season-opening 26-9 pounding of Pittsburgh.
``I said, `If you're waiting for me to tell you something two minutes before kickoff that's going to get you ready to play, you're dumber than I think you are' I said, `Let's go back to RFK and Monday night football (last season's opener).
``Winning the opener is very important,'' said Warren, who scored on runs of 12 and 4 yards while playing before 50 friends and family members from his nearby hometown of Burke, Va. ``You start getting questions in your mind about whether you're going to be a good team or not when you open the season on a losing note.'' Warren was speaking from experience.
``I had some idea the pass might be coming my way,'' said Wooden, who hovered in the flat before stepping in to make the catch.
``When I caught the ball, my eyes immediately focused on the end zone and I knew I could get there.'' Lamented Turner: ``Obviously it wasn't a good throw, but more than that, it was a bad decision.'' Ten minutes later, just before the half, Mirer and Blades hooked up on a 5-yard touchdown pass, capping a textbook two-minute drill that saw Mirer complete five passes for 42 yards.
``After last year and the year before,'' he said, ``I thought (the 100th win) wasn't going to happen in my lifetime.'' That's because seasons like 1992 and 1993 tend to shorten a coach's life.
But before the blood-pressure count overtakes the win count, the NFL allows the beleaguered a shot at a team like the Washington Redskins.
............7...........30 	(Island/Dell, $6.99.) Just before he 	kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
``I hope this committee's work will reinforce the notion that a customer's interest must come before the broker's, the firm's and the industry's.'' The committee moved quickly once the Justice Department said it would not raise antitrust objections, mailing a letter to members of the financial services industry earlier this week.
Anthony Zinni of the Marine Corps has conducted relief missions in Russia, Iraq and Somalia and is considered such a poster boy for peacekeeping that he testified before a House committee on the Rwanda operation.
``March right down to the practice room,'' the singer sneers, before screaming with as much sarcasm as he can muster, ``attention and fame, a career, a career, a career.'' It's not just a rejection of music as a commodity, but a belief in the purity and innate power of the music of folk tales.
``Cuba is dead, dead, dead,'' Fuentes, who is 51, said in an interview here last week, before he flew to Washington.
But the Clinton administration is suspicious and wants several hundred international monitors placed on Serbia's border with Bosnia before there is any talk of ending Serbia's isolation.
Now, in time, he will simply crush Karadzic, as he had crushed others before him.'' Other views are that the Serbian leader is merely maneuvering for short-term gains and that he will inevitably resume his drive for a ``Greater Serbia.'' Or that he has never really been interested in ``Greater Serbia'' -- words he has never publicly pronounced -- but only in assuring that the large Serbian minority in Bosnia and the smaller one in Croatia secured adequate protection and political representation.
Republicans note -- correctly -- that even before the Clinton administration had a health care package, it had a deeply political strategy to sell the plan, and allies touting it in partisan terms.
Worldwide competition was destroying key industries like shipbuilding, textiles and agriculture even before the festering animosity between nationalist Catholics and Loyalist Protestants exploded into a numbing cycle of killing.
He thinks that, even if peace takes root, it will take two generations before there is any real opportunity for the poor.
Academic styles are always coming and going, of course, with a new approach sometimes even being a demonstrable improvement on what came before (Einsteinian versus Newtonian physics, for example).
Ms. Larina, separated from their son, endured more than two decades of persecution before she was able to help redeem her husband's memory.
Germans must be cleared from Belgium's Albert Canal and the Sche ldt River estuary before Antwerp can receive shipments.
 (BC-WW2-0911-RHINE-(2ndtake)-COX) In the book 2,194 Days of War, authors Cesare Salmaggi and Alfredo Pallavisini, report, ``The main target is England, particularly London, but after the Germans lose Antwerp that city also becomes a constant target for the new weapon in o rder to prevent the Allies from making use of the harbor.'' Allied armies eventually destroy V-1 and V-2 launch sites in Northern France and Belgium, but not before 1,115 V-2's are hurled at London, resulting in 2,724 dead and 6,467 seriously wounded, Salmaggi and Pallavisini write.
It is also for the birds and the turtles that mail is left, pleas for the state of North Carolina to buy the island before the developers arrive.
It is the final rite before the extinguishing of the field's lights.
Before ending its model run, probably a year or two before the turn of the century, this new generation Lumina will be primary transportation to a million or more U.S. families.
Even nicely loaded Lumina LS versions sell for less than $20,000 before taxes, and that's before the dickering starts.
A presentation may be as simple as making an oral proposal to a superior; it may involve standing before the board of directors with pie charts, or even running a ``slide show,'' which these days is as likely to be done with a computer as with a slide projector.
Before ending its model run, probably a year or two before the turn of the century, this new generation Lumina will be primary transportation to a million or more U.S. families.
Even nicely loaded Lumina LS versions sell for less than $20,000 before taxes, and that's before the dickering starts.
1) Tell your veterinarian: Even before you look for a behaviorist, you should discuss the problem with your vet.
If you do not consult your veterinarian before attempting a behavioral therapy you may unintentionally harm your dog.
8) Talk to the behaviorist directly before you make your decision.
The last few weeks before the strike were particularly difficult around our house.
If I don't catch him before spring training, we're talking late October before he even remembers where he hung his hammer.
Let the hard disk stop spinning before restarting, so wait a minute.
SPORTS COMMENTARY: DAY IN DEATH VALLEY PLEASANT CLEMSON, S.C.  (BC-BISHER-COLUMN-COX) It had never fallen my good fortune before to play the Saturday alumnus, up to my Adam's apple in Purple prejudice -- purple being the color distinguishing Furman University teams.
``It should be only a few days before one of these situations should disappear.'' Many disease organisms probably die once the blood stops circulating and cools off, she said.
Because of its success, one or more of its innovations may show up in other programs before long.
``Maybe our kids will suddenly get interested before I'm gone, but as of now I don't see it happening.
SCOUTING FRONTIERS OF CHARACTER  (BC-DEMTON-COLUMN-TEX) Sitting erect in the brown metal folding chair, the boy gazed wide-eyed at the two men who sat before him in similar chairs.
Many of the details are picky: --The Lotto Texas machine is tested six times before airtime.
--Team members must wear plastic surgical gloves before touching the numbered balls.
We've been through this charade before.
But we've been through all this before, too.
PARIS (NYT)  (BC-WORLD-BRIEFS-NYT) It would be an exaggeration to say the early life of President Francois Mitterrand was a state secret, but as long as he was a politician with another election ahead of him, he saw to it that an aura of mystery surrounded the years before he emerged as a Socialist leader.
Now, at the age of 77 and just eight months before retiring from the Elysee Palace, Mitterrand has helped a French writer to reveal new details of his hidden past, first as a rightist student in the 1930s and then working for the collaborationist Vichy government in World War II.
The board insisted on the deletion of some sexual scenes and a change in the movie's promotion poster before it would rate the film R instead of NC-17.
``What I'm saying is the process leaves a pattern of discriminatory results.'' ``Clearly, African-American films have had a tougher time,'' said McHenry, 42, who graduated from Stanford University and Harvard Business School and Law School before becoming an assistant to Peter Guber, now chairman of Sony Pictures Entertainment, in the 1980s.
27, the recommendations are expected to be handed over to another committee, which will very likely make modifications before passing them along in December to Dr. Harold Varmus, the director of the NIH.
That is long before it has assumed anything resembling a human or even animal form, and considerably before the eight-week mark when an embryo achieves the status of fetus.
Dr. John Fletcher, a bioethicist at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville, testified before the panel that in this country, children who develop cancer are routinely put on highly experimental therapies to try to cure them.
Binding of the protein with a cell's surface receptors, then fusion of the viral and cell membranes must occur before infection takes place.
A pathway must be opened before the virus can inject its genetic material into the host cell and reproduce itself.
The stalks were incubated in an acidic medium before being prepared for crystallographic study, which revealed the secrets of the activated molecule.
Hours before the Gaza shooting on Sunday, two Jews on their way to the Western Wall were stabbed in the back and moderately wounded as they entered the walled Old City of Jerusalem.
A few days before that, Hamas claimed responsibility for the fatal slashing of two Israeli workers at a construction site in Ramle, near Tel Aviv.
In his book, ``Element of Risk: The Politics of Radon'' (Oxford University Press), Cole argues that the EPA has moved against radon before there are sufficient data for political reasons, including the fact that abatement is home owners' responsibility and does not cost the government any money.
15, 1992, two days before the European Union did.
neglected and burned with cigarettes before he was 3, and bounced from his grandmother's home to group homes, and from the back of police squad cars to detention centers most of the rest of his short life.'' It was only the 11-year-old angle that earned Robert's story big play in press and television.
There had been fighting games before Street Fighter II, including the first Street Fighter.
It is not as if GE, which bought Kidder in 1986 to gain a foothold in booming financial markets, was happy with the firm before the scandal.
It took several years and hundreds of millions of dollars in cash infusions before American Express was able to get rid of the brokerage firm.
She said the law made no such provision for what she considered a waiver of the fire codes, and she insisted that each school pass inspection before opening.
It was completed four months before a new anti-monopoly law went into effect.
With elections completed in Mexico and coming up in the United States, and a new world trade treaty before the U.S. Congress, neither American nor Mexican politicians have wanted to confront each other publicly.
The Mexicans have imposed new inspections and labeling requirements, often creating more border delays than before the trade agreement took effect.
He spoke for only 10 minutes before telling the crowd that it was time to leave ``or we're going to raise health care costs by staying in the rain too long.'' But by midafternoon Monday, Clinton was back on Martha's Vineyard, hoping to take advantage of the last few days of a vacation that was busy through the weekend with golf, book shopping and a dinner Sunday night at the Gay Head house of Maurice Tempelsman, the late Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis' longtime companion, and with her children, John F.
I have already been enjoying it before playing with them.
FINISH LINES: Brunswick, a 5-year-old horse, won for the fifth time in his past six starts when he outlasted Harlan in an allowance race run before the Jerome, and he will join the cast for the Woodward, too.
``There is no future here.'' Among the great majority of Cubans, the ones who have stayed, there are some who cling to the Revolution's promise of a more developed society and others who, on its worst days, remember things as having been worse before.
AGASSI OUTGUNS CHANG IN FIVE SETS NEW YORK  (BC-TEN-OPEN-MEN-675&ADD-NYT) This was a match about power and pecking order, an All-American affair played out before a wave-minded holiday crowd beneath a cerulean holiday sky.
I've hit the ball pretty good before, but it wasn't balanced with that competitive spirit, that focused concentration.'' Just as he had hoped, Agassi, who is happiest when a frontrunner, got off to a swift start.
``No one is getting in who would not get in before.
``We can help them out but they're taking care of other people before the Americans,'' she said.
``I've left them before, and this is the first time they leave me.'' Just like the refugees brought here against their wishes, he said, ``we're caught in the wrong place at the wrong time.'' 
During testimony in 1972 before a congressional committee, he said the Capitol should be blown up unless more money was directed toward the handicapped.
With point totals falling and field goal totals rising, the NFL made rule changes before the season that are meant to inject some offense.
The tennis media guide lists Chang as 5 feet 9 inches, 150 pounds, but all I can tell you is that Mary Pierce, who is 5 feet 11 inches, towered over Chang when the two came together, Pierce finishing her practice before Chang took over Court 11 for his late morning practice.
``My job as the next governor is to tell people all over the state of Texas that the hard work they do, the tax money they earn, will be spent properly on schools and juvenile justice and welfare reform,'' Bush told reporters before he departed for stops in Houston and San Antonio.
The law-enforcement official and witnesses said that the younger brother argued with his father in the street for several minutes before stumbling over to Officer Soorko's home.
He has a drunken, violent individual -- who has the right to carry a weapon and the right to use it -- banging on the door.'' Family members questioned at the scene said that the two brothers had longstanding disagreements that had escalated into fights before, and suggested that Sergeant Soorko's advanced status in the Police Department at such a young age was a source of conflict.
``This site really isn't that complicated,'' said Aagaard (pronounced AAY-gard), who has built large projects on polluted industrial sites in Denmark and Spain but never before in this country.
The Superfund rules will expire this year, and, judging from the bills before Congress, the new version of the law is likely to bring big changes.
Although the Port Authority had already paid for an extensive cleanup of the site before it tried to sell it, officials said no U.S. company could obtain bank financing to buy it.
``We scrimmaged the week before the Tennessee game and I got a concussion.
If you watch the film, I started before the snap.'' Said Donahue: ``Bjorn was real nervous at first, which is a little surprising, but he seemed to play better as the game went along.'' Merten made field goals of 24, 45, 40 and 23 yards.
They figured that a good moment to invite cheaters to come clean was right before a crackdown.
He changed lanes, but the car soon sped up to pull abreast, and its passengers began yelling at the officer before speeding ahead to cut him off, said Detective Andrew McInnis, a police spokesman.
This was the first time there was so much disagreement (Begin ital)before(end ital) the race.
``Our attitude was, if they're going to be like that, we'll shut the thing down.'' Then Del Mar president Joe Harper and two other executives got involved, entering the jockeys' room less than an hour before the Derby to explain the track's position.
He changed plans after deciding he did not want to convey any signs of complacency, and attended a volunteer fire department parade in Broad Channel, Queens, before searching for votes at a cabana club in the Rockaways.
The other admits the need to close to within ``two feet'' of the net before he is able to turn into an offensive weapon.
In a typical week, Southern California has contributed 20 percent of the national pool, which averaged $325,000 before Monday's $268,000.
``All right, my next guest is ...'' Cassel said before being coaxed out of the chair.
``All right, my next guest is ...'' Cassel said before being coaxed out of the chair.
He said he recalls each goal, second-guesses a few coaching moves and then turns it off and punches rewind just before the end.
It's Cowboys players, one day before Sunday's 26-9 season-opening victory at Pittsburgh, engaging in a grape-throwing war.
Thus the team opened the season slowly, going 4-12-1 over its first 17 games, before struggling to qualify for the playoffs in their second-to-last game.
Last year -- even the year before -- we didn't have that consistency we'd like to see.'' In an effort to stabilize the young team, the Islanders traded for two respected veterans in the off season.
Loney, who turns 31 in two weeks, is an 11-year veteran who won two Stanley Cups at Pittsburgh before becoming the first captain of the Mighty Ducks last season.
I had to wait 15 minutes for the congestion to clear before I could check in.
Most of the players are required to complete half of their sentences before being eligible.
``I used to fight (before football) a lot; I was always getting into trouble,'' a 17-year-old center said.
He figures he will be able to play three games before he is released -- assuming he stays out of trouble.
Down quickly, the Raiders then went three plays before San Francisco trotted onto the field again and went on an 11-play, 60-yard drive that took nearly five minutes.
It was the many dropped passes, penalties and general lackadaisical play that led to the defeat before 68,032 fans, a record crowd at reconfigured Candlestick Park.
``I was too busy running and he was going away from me.'' Said Rice, ``There was a lot of talk about the Raiders receivers before this game.
A 1-yard touchdown run by McCallum brought the Raiders within six, but Doug Brien's 33-yard field goal eight seconds before halftime gave San Francisco a 23-14 advantage.
Right guard Ralph Tamm lasted only one series before his injured right arch became aggravated and he had to leave.
Right tackle Harris Barton also went out before the first quarter was finished, because of a partially torn triceps muscle in his left arm.
``It was the right play at the right time.'' Once more, Rice was hit before reaching the goal line, but fought his way in to tie the record.
Rice is 31, and the way he's going now, he might score another 127 before he's finished.
The record stood, but in weather that harsh spit freezes before it hits the ground, die-hard batteries die quickly, synthetic parkas from fancy American camping stores crack like Turkish taffy and frostbite can destroy an unprotected hand or nose in minutes.
Brazil -- with 154 million people, about half the population of South America -- is where U.S. franchisers say they want to plant their flag first before branching out to other countries in the region.
On Thursday, two nights before the eight-day fair was to end, a coalition supporter swore out warrants charging the show's owner and the dancers with making an obscene display.
Last week, as Debbie Bell, 42, a computer analyst, waited for her husband to emerge from the tent, she recalled attending the show with him before they were married.
SUMMER TRAVEL SHOWS A SURGE ACROSS NATION  (BC-TOURISM-620-(2TAKES)-NYT) Spurred by low air fares, economic confidence and the unshakable lure of the road, Americans are traveling this summer like never before.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Many overseas tours were paid for before the dollar plummeted early this summer against European currencies, travel industry officials said, thereby insulating those American travelers from the currency equivalent of sticker shock.
In his book, ``Element of Risk: The Politics of Radon'' (Oxford University Press), Cole argues that the EPA has moved against radon before there are sufficient data for political reasons, including the fact that abatement is home owners' responsibility and does not cost the government any money.
27, the recommendations are expected to be handed over to another committee, which will very likely make modifications before passing them along in December to Dr. Harold Varmus, the director of the NIH.
That is long before it has assumed anything resembling a human or even animal form, and considerably before the eight-week mark when an embryo achieves the status of fetus.
Dr. John Fletcher, a bioethicist at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville, testified before the panel that in this country, children who develop cancer are routinely put on highly experimental therapies to try to cure them.
Binding of the protein with a cell's surface receptors, then fusion of the viral and cell membranes must occur before infection takes place.
A pathway must be opened before the virus can inject its genetic material into the host cell and reproduce itself.
The stalks were incubated in an acidic medium before being prepared for crystallographic study, which revealed the secrets of the activated molecule.
Because of its success, one or more of its innovations may show up in other programs before long.
``It should be only a few days before one of these situations should disappear.'' Many disease organisms probably die once the blood stops circulating and cools off, she said.
A presentation may be as simple as making an oral proposal to a superior; it may involve standing before the board of directors with pie charts, or even running a ``slide show,'' which these days is as likely to be done with a computer as with a slide projector.
``Once I needed to see him just before the holidays,'' Griessman writes.
That was nine years before Freedom Summer, and a few months before Rosa Parks sat in the front of a bus in Montgomery, Ala.
At a time when convicting whites of killing blacks was virtually unheard of in Mississippi, their neighbors were not about to make Milam or Bryant the exception, no matter the testimony of witnesses who saw Till pulled from his bed, who saw him beaten, who heard him scream before he died.
``I'd never gone through anything like that before .
Bryant and Milam told Wright what had happened at Bryant's store the Tuesday before: Till had whistled at Carolyn Bryant, who was working behind the counter.
Beckwith was tried twice in 1964, with hung juries, before his case was reopened nearly three decades later in a controversial legal maneuver.
``I'm sure there were problems before,'' she said, but ``everybody here is close now, white and black.
We set our goal at eight or nine for the game.'' NFL Commissioner Paul Tagliabue said before Sunday's Dallas-Pittsburgh game that many coaches have told the league office they want the exhibition season shortened.
As our entrees were set in front of us, three very chi-chi looking people who had been seated minutes before, all lit up.
They assure us they will think twice before dining at Pricci.
It is hard enough to watch smokers who, within their rights, wish to ruin their taste buds and waste their money by smoking before eating a meal out, thereby missing half the pleasure of a dinner.
Some music fans born after 1970 attended the concert to view a musical tradition that began before they could talk and flourished -- and died -- before they were old enough to appreciate it.
It had never happened before: a fall in one had always been made up by a rise in the other.
It had never happened before: a fall in one had always been made up by a rise in the other.
It had never happened before: a fall in one had always been made up by a rise in the other.
``There is no future here.'' Among the great majority of Cubans, the ones who have stayed, there are some who cling to the Revolution's promise of a more developed society and others who, on its worst days, remember things as having been worse before.
neglected and burned with cigarettes before he was 3, and bounced from his grandmother's home to group homes, and from the back of police squad cars to detention centers most of the rest of his short life.'' It was only the 11-year-old angle that earned Robert's story big play in press and television.
Bush favors a state law that would require parental consent before minors could have an abortion.
They have a tremendous job before them, keeping the operation going and paying on back debt.'' (STORY COULD END HERE -- OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) However, Hooks said he first knew Reeves as a youth board member ``and watched him grow and prosper.
She was in vogue especially during the wartime of my own adolescence, when I read ``Claudia'' even before meeting the girl I would marry.
As primary-care medicine becomes available, life-or-death matters will be handled before they become matters of life or death.
I would not be surprised if Arkin, in ``Chicago Hope,'' or Clooney, in ``E.R.,'' ends up testifying before Congress.
Sincerely yours, Ms. L.B. Aiea, Hawaii Dear Ms. L.B.: First of all, let me say that you did the right thing in checking with me first before moving to Sarasota.
Research shows that 67 percent of the people who relocate here without consulting with me beforehand suffer from recurring bouts of acidosis, headache, ennui and embarrassing neck hickeys.
Ms. O'Connor seems to know instinctively that she is in the lull before the storm.
But Ms. O'Connor is almost as well known for her provocative actions before audiences as for this voice.
Both titles belong to the special breed of mega-movies that Hollywood likes to let loose several months before Christmas.
``To make matters worse,'' the IRS said in a document filed in Tax Court, ``no one at the (company's) plant could speculate about where the books and records were, only that they had disappeared.'' ``They go into court and there'll be 10 IRS agents trying to prove their case and the company will have a hundred top lawyers,'' Pickle said, ``and we're kind of knocked out before we get in the courtroom.'' Clinton's newly enacted reforms would increase penalties companies must pay when income is unreported and require them to provide IRS records showing the reasons for setting transfer prices at given levels.
Always make sure the campfire is wet, cold and dead out before leaving.
So the next time you set foot in the great outdoors, before you light a match with nary a thought, remember how easy a fire can start and how fast it can spread.
McCartney, also 52, watched his wife buzz around the kitchen for an hour before quietly carrying his left-handed Martin acoustic guitar into the den for -- what else?
``The kids come by, we have friends over.'' At their East Hampton, N.Y. rental house the week before, they had entertained guests -- including Paul Simon, Lorne Michaels and his wife, Alice -- with a vegetarian dinner.
McCartney and said, ``Mademoiselle, did you put the timer on before you put the cake in the oven?'' ``No,'' she replied, unconcerned.
``Maybe we could do it before then?'' 
Not a boast, just a small detail about his record-breaking 127th touchdown that he hadn't related before.
``They told me before I went back in that we would take one crack at it, and that was it,'' he said as he struggled to make his shirt travel the last foot or so up over his sore left shoulder.
``Right before we got the ball back, (the coaches) called me from the press box, and I thought, `Jerry, that's it,' but they said, `You get one more shot,' and I knew that was going to be my only opportunity.
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 230 calories, 9 grams fat, 0 milligrams cholesterol, 145 milligrams sodium (before salting), 7 grams protein, 35 grams carbohydrate.
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 360 calories, 25 grams fat, 20 milligrams cholesterol, 320 milligrams sodium (before salting), 10 grams protein, 30 grams carbohydrate.
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 185 calories, 20 grams fat, 0 milligrams cholesterol, 11 milligrams sodium (before salting), 1 gram protein, 4 grams carbohydrate.
(They can be found in highway housing developments filled with foreign workers, near barracks filled with soldiers, in railroad stations, gas-station bars and saloons on the wrong side of the tracks.) The aim of the essay is to capture the meaning of an object before it disappears; the memories and stories and sensations it evokes.
It can be used to warm recovering muscles before exercising them, with ice used to cool them afterward.
Hydrocollator packs, sold in drug stores, should be wrapped in towels before they are applied to the skin.
People in the wine trade come by before heading out to Burgundy and Bordeaux, or stop in at the end of a trip to talk about what they tasted and who they met.
Rhone wines are a passion of Williamson, and his wine list has been heavy with them since he opened Willi's in 1980, well before they had achieved their current popularity.
In fact, to promote the benefits of memorization (I'm sure there must be some) I make this offer: As long as I don't have to go out of the way to do it, I will shake the hand of anyone who can stand before me and, from memory, recite this column.
But before such a glycine remedy for schizophrenia is possible, a synthetic form will have to be devised, which penetrates the brain more effectively than does glycine in its natural form, researchers say.
It can be used to warm recovering muscles before exercising them, with ice used to cool them afterward.
Hydrocollator packs, sold in drug stores, should be wrapped in towels before they are applied to the skin.
Loss leaders are items stores put on sale to lure customers into the stores, such as pork spareribs and hot dog buns before the Labor Day weekend, for instance, when many people barbecue.
Molly remembers the party they gave for the neighbors the night before she went into the hospital and how, in a burst of defiance -- similar to that of the Mundy sisters in ``Dancing at Lughnasa'' -- she danced a frenzied jig throughout the house, darting confidently between chairs and cushions and guests without overturning a one.
There are conflicts between people, but they can be looked at from each side, from different angles.'' Ms. Bausch, who herself rarely dances nowadays, says she doesn't know from where each new piece emerges but adds that even before she begins, ``already something is ready.'' ``It's not a picture, not a structure,'' but it has something to do with ``where you are in life at that period, the wishes, what you find scary.'' The early stages of shaping a piece, she says, are ``very naked, very sensitive.'' ``The dancers have to be patient with me,'' she adds, ``to try to follow me.'' At the same time, she often asks the performers to improvise freely, and she draws on their explorations.
He had arrived in New York the day before after a day in Montreal.
The terminal began to feel like a flyway where New York's jazz musicians cross paths before setting off on their annual summer migration overseas.
The failure to seek a search warrant before climbing over Simpson's wall and entering his home was a lost chance to teach the nation about governmental self-restraint.
The state, not defense attorneys, was adversarial when restraint and a judge's prior ruling before the intrusion would have been the better lesson.
It took about a year of false starts before Espinoza made a discovery that has given customs agents a tool to foil would-be ivory smugglers.
	Laski, an eight-year member of the department, left no note when he shot himself with a .22 calibre rifle shortly before 7 a.m. across from a cemetery.
``It has gone from camping out in the parking lot before a store opens to calling every day and finding out when shipments come in,'' she said.
She got there 90 minutes before the store opened.
``We made the decision the day before it was announced, so there was no holding onto information early and then surprising people with it.
When I look at it two weeks before that, it was a decision that didn't turn out right.'' Nolan is confident that Bailey will not be content to play part time.
``I've seen him rise above it before.
Some of his maxims, though not heavily published, carry a punch: ``Ignorance paves the way to fear and stupidity follows it.'' ``Politics is the art of organizing greed into power.'' A former Christian and agnostic, Mendoza said he left Christianity partly because ``Christians are scared to death of death; they're going to die of fear before they die of death.'' He said he has found faith in people who act upon their convictions without selfishness.
It came late in the first half, three plays after the Jets had extended their lead to 14-3, and led to Nick Lowery's 27-yard field goal five seconds before halftime.
We had to eliminate discrimination before they would listen to the rest of our message.
He said high-level Japanese officials are currently meeting with their U.S. counterparts in Detroit to try to resolve the parts issue before Sept.
It wasn't long before Ray volunteers seized the moment, surrounded the duck with bull horns and blared ``LAME DUCK, LAME DUCK.'' The overwhelmed duck disappeared down the nearest subway steps.
The stock reached $60 before Christmas and roamed a narrow range before breaking to a new summit this spring and again last week.
Among other jobs, GM uses robots to lay a bead of urethane sealant around the windshield frames of its vehicles before installing the glass.
But GM ended up serving largely as a marketing conduit for Japanese-made robots, before selling its interest in the venture in 1992 at the depth of General Motors' financial troubles.
They literally have their own city within a city.'' About 15 teen-agers knew DeGraffenreid was in town for a week before his arrest, Williams said.
After Dreyfus and Boston Co. before it, some investors are worried that Mellon will continue to pursue big, dilutive acquisitions.
``If you are a shareholder before the deal, you are in a big hole that needs to be dug out,'' he said.
In retrospect, all the reasons cited -- a solid earnings report by Deere & Co., the improving dollar, the failed health care proposal and a government report showing moderate growth -- could have been applicable weeks before.
The day before, the Dow fell 43 points -- to 2365 -- amid worries over rising inflation, rising oil prices (remember this was during the Persian Gulf crisis) and lower bond prices.
It was more than a week later, however, before analysts really started to take notice.
If you look up the news events of the day, you would be hard pressed to find much that had fundamentally changed from the day before -- other than the numbers and the emotion.
In retrospect, all the reasons cited -- a solid earnings report by Deere & Co., the improving dollar, the failed health care proposal and a government report showing moderate growth -- could have been applicable weeks before.
The day before, the Dow fell 43 points -- to 2365 -- amid worries over rising inflation, rising oil prices (remember this was during the Persian Gulf crisis) and lower bond prices.
It was more than a week later, however, before analysts really started to take notice.
If you look up the news events of the day, you would be hard pressed to find much that had fundamentally changed from the day before -- other than the numbers and the emotion.
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 100 calories, 5 grams fat, 0 milligrams cholesterol, 8 milligrams sodium (before salting), 2 grams protein, 11 grams carbohydrate.
The American School Food Service Association will hold a news conference Wednesday morning, and in the afternoon, members will testify before the House Agriculture Committee in a culmination of the lobbying efforts that it began when the Agriculture Department published its proposals.
Gabriela Sabatini had served softly, 49 miles per hour to be precise, and the ball simply sputtered to a stop before it made it to the other side of the court.
The victory advanced Sabatini to the semifinals, where she will face second-seeded Arantxa Sanchez Vicario, who dispatched fifth-seeded Kimiko Date, 6-3, 6-0, in a speedy match played just before Sabatini and Fernandez took over the Stadium Court.
They make presentations before a graduation committee to show that they have learned to use their minds well.
Last year's team was better than the year before, but it doesn't mean this team will be better than last year's.'' When speaking of evaluating teams and personnel, Lemaire always refers to his experiences in the years he played on eight Stanley Cup champions as a member of the Montreal Canadiens.
It has raised parent awareness that they have the ability to ask for the figures, and that safety is an issue that should be considered.'' Some parents are asking for campus statistics before their child chooses a school, and giving them as much weight as programs and reputations.
``I tell them the next time your child comes home sit down and talk about it.'' Jessica Gyarfas, a freshman from Bordentown, N.J., a blue-collar suburb of Trenton, said that within a week of being on campus she experienced a vulnerability she had never felt before.
Even before it began, the session was denounced by Protestant Unionists in the North.
``You know, it is like giving flowers to your wife before asking for a kiss.
The great Hong Kong land boom -- which has caused prices for residential land to nearly triple since 1990 and has left this city with some of the most expensive real estate on earth less than three years before Britain is to hand back its crown colony to China -- appears to be over for now.
And no one is more pleased about the turn of events than the bureaucrats of the British-run colonial government, which has vowed to end frenzied real estate speculation in Hong Kong in the time left before China takes control on July 1, 1997.
The changes include strict limitations on the sale and resale of unfinished apartments and a ban on the sale of unfinished homes more than nine months before completion.
But it was not long before land prices here began charging up again, this time in an atmosphere of wild speculation never before seen.
Chez Sauvageau attracts just about everyone in town at one time or another, and Guy Sauvageau says 80 percent of his customers are ``pretty happy with Jean Chretien.'' But separatist feeling is strong, and a year ago, just before the general elections, polls indicated Chretien might lose his Shawinigan seat in the House of Commons to the Bloc Quebecois, a national party that wants Quebec to split from Canada.
Although that is allowed under federal rules, the estate's previous owner, Leonard Stadd, contends that Pataki had expressed his intention to live in the house even before he bought it.
But the deed, which was notarized by Pataki's friend and campaign counsel, Michael Finnegan, was not recorded at the county courthouse until July 1993, one month before Louis Pataki entered the home.
``You know, it is like giving flowers to your wife before asking for a kiss.
The misunderstandings they've had before have been significantly dispelled.'' However, he said, the United States and the Vatican would inevitably remain divided on abortion, which the Clinton Administration says should be safe, legal and rare.
The Optima True Grace card will have a 25-day grace period before interest is charged on outstanding balances.
Malcolm may have been the most ``universal'' of any black male image before or after him.
But, they say, they plan to depict her as a rowdy party girl who lied to investigators and who, before the attack, had in fact joined in debauchery that she later lambasted.
21, and only weeks before the Finance Ministry is supposed to act on more than 100 applications from foreign banks and financial insitutions that want to operate in Mexico.
``A lot more questions are going to be asked.'' Finance Ministry officials who had plenty of questions for Cabal at a series of meetings with him last week, now concede they did not ask all the questions they should have in 1991 before allowing him to buy one of the large national banks.
Sitting among the rubble on the fourth floor of the Ministry of Justice building, of which just about every window is shattered, Nkubito said that of the more than 800 judges in the country before war broke out in 1990, he believes that all but a few were killed or have fled to Zaire.
But he said that before they would be integrated into the new army, they would be taken to camps.
``I came out to the match really trying to make him move,'' he said, ``to try to move him as much as I could because he played three matches before, but he didn't play anybody that would play from the baseline and move him around.'' His reasoning was that Sampras had sat out the summer with a sore ankle, and any professional understands that a long layoff will hurt a player's stamina and alertness.
Then he gave his brief interview before lurching out of sight.
Computers halted Endeavour's mission less than two seconds before liftoff after a sensor detected that an oxygen propellant turbo pump was overheating.
You know, we've never done this before.'' A major stumbling block has been criticism of the Panamanian president for allowing the Cubans to come here to begin with.
If a settlement cannot be reached, the matter would then be taken before an administrative law judge.
Still, it came just four days before a date designated by management as the probable cutoff point for any further attempts to restarting the season.
They were taken to Albuquerque and, late Tuesday afternoon, they were charged with flight from prosecution before the U.S. Magistrate Lorenzo Garcia.
That brush with the law was his first before now.
``I thought he was a typical teen,'' Clark said, recalling his impressions of Elliott before the break-in.
The system, which receives a high proportion of Cuban refugees, has absorbed the newcomers easily, he said, having prepared to receive hundreds more before the Clinton administration stopped granting entry to those who flee.
In the final set, Yzaga piled up a 5-2 lead before Sampras mounted one last defiant defense of his title.
Now, Nintendo plans a movie-style premiere in Los Angeles for its ``Donkey Kong Country'' video game a week before its Nov.
The body of the first officer, Steven Laski, 30, was found by police officers shortly before 7 a.m. Tuesday after he failed to show up for work in the department's Brooklyn court division.
Of the eight suicides last year and the eight cases this year before Tuesday, most were attributed by officials to personal relationships or domestic matters not directly linked to the job.
7: Three months after accusing O.J. Simpson of double murder and only weeks before the trial, Los Angeles prosecutors have yet to say whether they will seek the death penalty.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) On Tuesday, just before 10 a.m., the staff gathered for a briefing before the store opened for the first time since the robbery, the costliest in Tiffany's 157-year history.
The Manhattan district attorney's office is investigating the incident and is expected to put its findings before a grand jury within the next several weeks.
But four days ago, we played and sang in a serious concert before President Yeltsin to mark the withdrawal of Russian troops from Germany.
An ordinary Russian who sees a Picasso will probably not understand it, but any Russian will immediately understand a painting by our own painter, Repin.'' He was referring to Ilya Repin, who painted before the turn of the century.
This team has a lot of things going for it.'' The Oilers on Tuesday took care of a preliminary move required before they can sign Tolliver.
Molinari of Staten Island, a harsh critic of the way Republican leaders chose George Pataki as a gubernatorial candidate, endorsed Pataki on Tuesday in a show of party unity before the primary election.
But Molinari, who initially said he would stay neutral before the primary, said Tuesday that he bore no grudge against Pataki.
``It may not be a difficult challenge, but if my endorsement is going to help him, then certainly I should do it before the primary,'' he said in an interview after the news conference.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Molinari, Ms. Molinari and Pataki met before the endorsement to discuss issues that concern the borough, including the bridge tolls, the Fresh Kills landfill and the need for business development in the borough.
Other flaws include the aircraft's air conditioning system, which couldn't withstand 110-degree temperature during tests in the Southwest; the nose landing gear doors, whose aerodynamic shape was adjusted with baffles; main landing gear braces, which occasionally fail to lock the wheels in place before landing; the tracks that move the wings' leading-edge slats, whose shape was changed to move the edge closer to the wing; and flaps at the trailing edge of the wings, whose configuration causes buffeting at certain speeds.
The officers arrested Kandekore, who was held for two nights in the Westchester County Jail at Valhalla before a Westchester County judge ordered his release.
He received a bachelor's degree in English literature from George Washington University in 1949 and pursued graduate studies in ancient history at the University of Maryland before turning to anthropology.
-- September 6, 1994 -- CUBA-CHILDREN, 9-6 -- Asbier Benitez, a Cuban refugee who arrived in a hijacked tugboat before restrictions were imposed, on his front porch in Hialeah, Fla.
-- September 6, 1994 -- CUBA-CHILDREN, 9-6 -- Asbier Benitez, a Cuban refugee who arrived in a hijacked tugboat before restrictions were imposed, on his front porch in Hialeah, Fla.
-- September 6, 1994 -- CUBA-CHILDREN, 9-6 -- Asbier Benitez, a Cuban refugee who arrived in a hijacked tugboat before restrictions were imposed, on his front porch in Hialeah, Fla.
Sampras was a physical wreck out there, finally paying the price for the five-week, injury-forced layoff he took before the tournament, and the packed house was waiting for an obviously tormented Sampras to just call it quits.
``That's Pete!'' He seemed determined to address the media, to explain himself, not to simply vanish, as such Open luminaries as Lendl and Bjorn Borg have done before him.
Who's in charge here?'' The man in charge led Yzaga away, before the writers and TV people could get the slightest notion of who, what or why he is.
He's been through the rough times before.
Montana and Young, teammates with the 49ers from 1987 through 1992, have vowed to keep low profiles before Sunday's game at Arrowhead Stadium.
In a 1991 interview, Montana said there was a ``certain amount of animosity'' in his relationship with Young, adding, ``As far as I'm concerned, he's part of the opposition.'' ``Steve is on a big push for himself,'' Montana said at the time, about a month before he underwent major surgery on his injured elbow, which essentially ended his career with the 49ers.
``I think Steve needs to take a long look at whether this is the best place for him.'' A day later, however, Young said, as he said repeatedly both before and since, that he wanted to remain with the 49ers.
I don't remember anybody who had a record before me, and neither do you.
``He's still the same guy he was before he got the record, and if he had broken his leg and never played again, he would still be the same Jerry Rice in my eyes.'' 
-- September 6, 1994 -- CUBA-CHILDREN, 9-6 -- Asbier Benitez, a Cuban refugee who arrived in a hijacked tugboat before restrictions were imposed, on his front porch in Hialeah, Fla.
-- September 6, 1994 -- CUBA-CHILDREN, 9-6 -- Asbier Benitez, a Cuban refugee who arrived in a hijacked tugboat before restrictions were imposed, on his front porch in Hialeah, Fla.
He sewed outfits for showgirls in New York before heading to Los Angeles in 1939 with Bobbie.
Nudie designed all his own creations and continued to work behind the cutting table until shortly before his death, Jamie Nudie said.
He sewed outfits for showgirls in New York before heading to Los Angeles in 1939 with Bobbie.
Nudie designed all his own creations and continued to work behind the cutting table until shortly before his death, Jamie Nudie said.
USC lost its first game of 1991 to underdog Memphis State and the following game hosted Penn State, an 81-0 winner over Cincinnati the week before.
The Big Ten Conference, he said, also frowns on its member schools playing the Pac-10 before the postseason.
Doctors are waiting for the swelling in McCallum's knee to go down before performing an MRI to check for ligament and cartilage damage.
``Everybody told me, `Stay down, stay down.''' McCallum remained on the field for about seven minutes before being placed on a stretcher and taken to the hospital.
Whenever you have a big game, it is kind of difficult to sleep the night before.
He beat out Darren McMahon, who was Northridge's No.1 punter in 1989 and part of 1990 before Razo beat him out.
The body of the first officer, Steven Laski, a gregarious 30-year-old, was found by police officers shortly before 7 a.m. Tuesday after he failed to show up for work in the department's Brooklyn court division.
Of the eight suicides last year and the eight cases this year before Tuesday, most were attributed by officials to personal relationships or domestic matters not directly linked to the job.
Watkins kept the clubs and, shortly before his death, passed them on to Ed Williams, a friend and business associate of Ryan's.
``It's nothing we haven't seen before,'' Dykes said yesterday.
In the third quarter, before the usual hemorrhage-red crowd of 72,700, the Raiders were as cool as if they were playing Hardin-Simmons.
``That's the reason I went to Nebraska, for their offensive line tradition,'' said Graham, who lived in Lubbock for 12 years before moving to Denton.
This is my big shot, and the question I will have to ask myself one day is, `Did I do everything I could have to be successful?''' The first thing he did -- like Murray before him -- was win the job in competition against other kickers (primarily Richie Cunningham), except that in Boniol's case, the competition lasted all summer.
``I've never had to do that before -- compete for a job.
``I would not take on this venture if it hurt the NASCAR team in any way,'' said Gibbs, who won three Super Bowls as head coach of the Washington Redskins before venturing into stock-car racing full time in 1993.
Coleman, who graduated from Dallas Bryan Adams High School in 1987, also played for the Dallas Texans of the Arena Football League last summer before signing with the Cowboys.
it still hasn't really sunk in for us,'' Stevens said, standing in the sun in front of their home in a Newbury Park neighborhood before their departure.
Just before the pope postponed his Sarajevo trip, the Serbs fired several artillery rounds from the area around Sarajevo that is supposed to be free of heavy weapons, exactly the kind of provocation that the United States and its partners had promised to punish.
The day before that, at least 37 Cubans swam into U.S.-controlled waters past Cuban guards and, likely for this area, sharks.
We've always wanted to do that.'' Amos pipes up saying that if he had $3,000 he'd just sit around and run his fingers through it for a while and then count it a few times before he spent it.
Four months before, Hewett's bomber exploded in a ball of fire at 21,000 feet.
He went back last year and twice before that.
Never mind the ocean separating them or the fact that Croes and Cauberg had never stepped on a plane before.
His fingers were poised atop eight buttons on a crude, wooden board before him.
``The good thing about it is, it makes you make real quick decisions.'' Luginbill will play the game again this Saturday, a few hours before Tech's kickoff against Western Carolina.
However, it says that ``any present board member whose term of office expires or ends for any reason on or before December 31, 1994, shall not hold or occupy any office or employment with ARC ...'' McCabe's term as chairman ends Dec.
And before you start calling me the homer to end all homers, let me remind you that I didn't vote for Hearst in '92.
There were also tough times: Thanksgiving and Christmas traditions and birthday celebrations (his is eight days before Christmas, mine eight days after) all seemed lost in airline schedules and Post-it Notes and ``I can't wait until Friday'' phone calls.
The day before that, at least 37 Cubans swam into U.S.-controlled waters past Cuban guards and, likely for this area, sharks.
We've always wanted to do that.'' Amos pipes up saying that if he had $3,000 he'd just sit around and run his fingers through it for a while and then count it a few times before he spent it.
Four months before, Hewett's bomber exploded in a ball of fire at 21,000 feet.
He went back last year and twice before that.
Never mind the ocean separating them or the fact that Croes and Cauberg had never stepped on a plane before.
His fingers were poised atop eight buttons on a crude, wooden board before him.
``The good thing about it is, it makes you make real quick decisions.'' Luginbill will play the game again this Saturday, a few hours before Tech's kickoff against Western Carolina.
However, it says that ``any present board member whose term of office expires or ends for any reason on or before December 31, 1994, shall not hold or occupy any office or employment with ARC ...'' McCabe's term as chairman ends Dec.
And before you start calling me the homer to end all homers, let me remind you that I didn't vote for Hearst in '92.
There were also tough times: Thanksgiving and Christmas traditions and birthday celebrations (his is eight days before Christmas, mine eight days after) all seemed lost in airline schedules and Post-it Notes and ``I can't wait until Friday'' phone calls.
It has raised parent awareness that they have the ability to ask for the figures, and that safety is an issue that should be considered.'' Some parents are asking for campus statistics before their child chooses a school, and giving them as much weight as programs and reputations.
``I tell them the next time your child comes home sit down and talk about it.'' Jessica Gyarfas, a freshman from Bordentown, N.J., a blue-collar suburb of Trenton, said that within a week of being on campus she experienced a vulnerability she had never felt before.
Among other jobs, GM uses robots to lay a bead of urethane sealant around the windshield frames of its vehicles before installing the glass.
But GM ended up serving largely as a marketing conduit for Japanese-made robots, before selling its interest in the venture in 1992 at the depth of General Motors' financial troubles.
The great Hong Kong land boom -- which has caused prices for residential land to nearly triple since 1990 and has left this city with some of the most expensive real estate on earth less than three years before Britain is to hand back its crown colony to China -- appears to be over for now.
And no one is more pleased about the turn of events than the bureaucrats of the British-run colonial government, which has vowed to end frenzied real estate speculation in Hong Kong in the time left before China takes control on July 1, 1997.
The changes include strict limitations on the sale and resale of unfinished apartments and a ban on the sale of unfinished homes more than nine months before completion.
But it was not long before land prices here began charging up again, this time in an atmosphere of wild speculation never before seen.
But the state's political races, particularly the contest for governor, were steaming up the Lone Star atmosphere long before September rolled around.
Bush even before the former president's son officially nailed down the Republican gubernatorial nomination.
The Democrats fired their best shot at Hutchison when Travis County District Attorney Ronnie Earle indicted her on charges that she misused her office as state treasurer before being elected to the Senate.
Syrian analysts point to Arafat's painfully slow effort to establish authority in the Gaza Strip and Jericho as an example of why Syria should not be hasty to make peace before the details are settled.
Money is important to Syria and to every country, but there are some things that are more important.'' Western diplomats in Damascus are optimistic that an Israel-Syria accord will be reached by next summer -- before campaigns begin for 1996 national elections in Israel and the United States that pose the possibility of a change of government and potential disruptions to the peace process.
Legionnaires and French paratroopers finally secured this 37-mile stretch of road in 1953, a year before France left Indochina in defeat.
In four months of heavy fighting, U.S. warplanes and South Vietnamese artillery reduced the once-proud provincial capital to rubble before turning back the North Vietnamese.
Legionnaires and French paratroopers finally secured this 37-mile stretch of road in 1953, a year before France left Indochina in defeat.
In four months of heavy fighting, U.S. warplanes and South Vietnamese artillery reduced the once-proud provincial capital to rubble before turning back the North Vietnamese.
SYRIA: Seeking full Israeli withdrawal from the Golan Heights before agreeing to full diplomatic relations with Israel.
Only hours before Grachev announced the expansion of exercises next year and beyond, the first deputy commander of the Russian Army, Col.
Studies considering the long-term side effects of hormones are outdated even before their results come in, she said.
Health care specialists recommend women consult with someone knowledgeable in the field before taking natural hormones.
An African American state senator, Scott says he wasn't trying to get the Judeo-Christian God back into the classroom, but to get Georgia teen-agers to chill out before they start the day.
Bob Dole, Gramm says Congress should wait until next year before voting.
The traitor enjoyed wide support; a million people turned out to cheer him during an appearance in Paris only months before the city was liberated by the Allies.
If the German fanatic to whom Mitterrand gave his allegiance had had his way, Nazi troops would have leveled the magnificent French capital before withdrawing from it.
``We're smack in the middle of the country, and by the time it gets to us, it's old,'' she said, just before packing her suitcases and moving to a dormitory at the University of Nebraska in Kearney (population 24,000), where she will study psychology.
Germans must be cleared from Belgium's Albert Canal and the Sche ldt River estuary before Antwerp can receive shipments.
In the book 2,194 Days of War, authors Cesare Salmaggi and Alfredo Pallavisini, report, ``The main target is England, particularly London, but after the Germans lose Antwerp that city also becomes a constant target for the new weapon in o rder to prevent the Allies from making use of the harbor.'' Allied armies eventually destroy V-1 and V-2 launch sites in Northern France and Belgium, but not before 1,115 V-2's are hurled at London, resulting in 2,724 dead and 6,467 seriously wounded, Salmaggi and Pallavisini write.
When Jackson's character spouts a wrath-of-God verse from the Bible -- Ezekiel 25:17 -- before killing his victims, you have to wonder where Tarantino got that.
``To make matters worse,'' the IRS said in a document filed in Tax Court, ``no one at the (company's) plant could speculate about where the books and records were, only that they had disappeared.'' ``They go into court and there'll be 10 IRS agents trying to prove their case and the company will have a hundred top lawyers,'' Pickle said, ``and we're kind of knocked out before we get in the courtroom.'' Clinton's newly enacted reforms would increase penalties companies must pay when income is unreported and require them to provide IRS records showing the reasons for setting transfer prices at given levels.
But Dole, who was indispensible in helping Clinton win Senate approval of the North American Free Trade Agreement, is highly critical of Clinton's inclination to seek UN and NATO approval before acting i 
But Dole, who was indispensible in helping Clinton win Senate approval of the North American Free Trade Agreement, is highly critical of Clinton's inclination to seek UN and NATO approval before acting in crisis situations abroad.
But then along came Ronald Reagan who was inaugurated two weeks before his 70th birthday and went on to serve two full terms.
Be sure to clean the glass before placing it in the frame.
As labor attorney Joe Rauh recalls the story, President Lyndon Johnson -- fearful of losing the old South vote -- blew a gasket and called an impromptu press conference to preempt the stirring live testimony of Fannie Lou Hamer before the convention's credentials committee.
We've seen ``Combination Platter's'' menu on screen and video before.
Of his role as Mark Antony in the 1953 film version of ``Julius Caesar,'' he writes: ``For me to walk onto a movie set and play Mark Antony without more experience was asinine.'' Of his decision to appear in Elia (Gadg) Kazan's movie ``On the Waterfront,'' after Kazan had named names before the House Committee on Un-American Activities, he writes: ``I finally decided to do the film, but what I didn't realize then was that `On the Waterfront' was really a metaphorical argument by Gadg and Budd Schulberg: they made the film to justify finking on their friends.'' And of his use of highly autobiographical material in improvisations shot by Bernardo Bertolucci for ``Last Tango in Paris,'' he recalls: ``I decided that I wasn't ever again going to destroy myself emotionally to make a movie.
He says he had an affair with Marilyn Monroe, talked to her two or three days before her death and has always believed that ``she was murdered.'' He says he admired Charlie Chaplin's films for years, but found the actor and director ``a fearsomely cruel man'' in person.
He speaks with unprecedented thoroughness here, and his comments -- on the teachings of Stella Adler and the directorial styles of Elia Kazan and Bernardo Bertolucci, on how actors must learn ``not to leave the fight in the gym'' by exhausting their emotional reserve before close shots, his descriptions of how he keeps lines fresh by having a recording of his deliberately unlearned part played in his ear -- are illuminating.
It was like an eel sliding backwards into a hole''), the lineup of eager women backstage after every performance of ``Streetcar'' (``For a 24-year-old who was eager to follow his penis where it could go, it was wonderful''), his relationship with the sycophantic James Dean, his innumerable narrow bedroom escapes, his affair with Marilyn Monroe (``She invited me over, and it wasn't long before every soldier's dream came true''), his strange encounter with President John F.
He speaks with unprecedented thoroughness here, and his comments -- on the teachings of Stella Adler and the directorial styles of Elia Kazan and Bernardo Bertolucci, on how actors must learn ``not to leave the fight in the gym'' by exhausting their emotional reserve before close shots, his descriptions of how he keeps lines fresh by having a recording of his deliberately unlearned part played in his ear -- are illuminating.
It was like an eel sliding backwards into a hole''), the lineup of eager women backstage after every performance of ``Streetcar'' (``For a 24-year-old who was eager to follow his penis where it could go, it was wonderful''), his relationship with the sycophantic James Dean, his innumerable narrow bedroom escapes, his affair with Marilyn Monroe (``She invited me over, and it wasn't long before every soldier's dream came true''), his strange encounter with President John F.
Malcolm may have been the most ``universal'' of any black male image before or after him.
But people on the street talk about them constantly.'' 	Fang's legs were crushed and later amputated after a Chinese Army tank ran him down and dragged him for 30 feet as it plunged into a crowd of university students retreating from People's Liberation Army troops west of Tiananmen Square just before dawn on June 4, 1989.
Many of them are assessing the merits of running their own establishments before taking the plunge.
Additional research shows that it takes about three years before innkeepers ``start to see a light,'' Ms. Hardy continued.
That's when Montana will wear the Hall of Fame banana-colored blazer and stand before a sea of 49ers fans for his acceptance speech on the Hall's back porch.
The president stands to reap political dividends as well from planned summits with Russian President Boris Yeltsin and Pope John Paul II before the November elections.
The term came into widespread use in 1980 when Republican Ronald Reagan warned against an ``October surprise'' by President Jimmy Carter to win the release of American hostages in Iran right before the November election.
-- Invasion of Haiti: Clinton is weighing his final steps before ordering the U.S. invasion of the Caribbean island to restore the democratic regime toppled in 1991.
``There is nothing set in stone about what we would do or when we would do it.'' -- Welfare reform: With his 18-month health care reform effort defeated, White House officials said the president may try to revamp his $9.3 billion ``work-fare'' scheme to win speedy congressional passage of welfare reform before Congress adjourns.
Secretary of State Warren Christopher issued the Clinton administration's latest warning to Haiti's military leaders before joining a high-level meeting to discuss steps before U.S. military action.
Teen-agers in ponytails, with jeweled studs glittering from their pierced ears and noses, are up before dawn running with former army officers.
The high school students before him all pay $20 a month for the course.
Those who finish the course pay $1,200 to climb for 14 days in the French Alps just before induction.
Its disappointment was sharpened by the fact that the Vatican waited until just two days before the visit to announce the postponement, although nothing of significance has changed in the state of Sarajevo's security for some time.
The last such violation, one of the most flagrant, came Tuesday, just before the pope called off his visit.
Hurd would not say if Britain would veto the U.S. proposal, once it comes before the Security Council, but said the better course was to continue the push for a negotiated settlement.
High blood pressure forced him to give up football before the 1993 season, when he would have been a senior.
``Right now,'' Jones said, ``there's no place for the astronauts to be at home.'' He and other NASA designers are trying to change that by lobbying to have the crew quarters restored before the module goes into orbit sometime around the turn of the century.
One crew member griped about ``the most miserable latch that has ever been designed in the history of mankind or before.'' The Russians have listened to such complaints for two decades.
``He'd been there before.'' Gerry Carr can date precisely when he first felt at home on Skylab.
Population experts predict it could double again before the end of the next century unless efforts to slow the growth are expanded.
Here is the lead from one of the longer U.S. stories in Murdoch's Times last Saturday: ``Four San Francisco women in bright orange waitress uniforms have completed what they believe is the first trans-continental journey powered entirely by lard and used oil from deep fat fryers.'' The day before, both The Times and The Independent had given prominent play to a story one headlined ``Feminists win right to travel topless on New York subway.'' Judging from these accounts, with their leering descriptions of ``semi-clad feminists,'' an innocent reader might expect the E train to be a festive reincarnation of Minsky's Burlesque.
``That's about it,'' he said, and a beat passed before he added, ``I have a son, actually, named Henry, who's going to be 4 on Sept.
In preparation for his next film, ``Waterworld,'' he'd shaved it himself the day before.
``That's about it,'' he said, and a beat passed before he added, ``I have a son, actually, named Henry, who's going to be 4 on Sept.
In preparation for his next film, ``Waterworld,'' he'd shaved it himself the day before.
KOHL TRADES ACCUSATIONS WITH CHALLENGER BONN, Germany  (BC-GERMANY-ELECTION-NYT) In what may be their only face-to-face confrontation before German elections on Oct.
``What happened on August 21 never happened before in Mexico,'' said Curt Cutter, chairman of Interworld Consultants, an international consulting firm, and member of the delegation.
Indeed, offensive players were a little shocked when the Giants began a wholesale rotation of their receivers against Philadelphia, something Sherrard said he was informed about by the receivers' coach, Dick Rehbein, only minutes before the game.
``If England loses again there might be rioting and large-scale destruction in the streets,'' said Luke Bryant of Worcester, England, before the game.
THREAT TO REPRODUCTIVE SYSTEMS FEARED  (BC-ESTROGEN-CHEMICALS-2takes-KAN) Seated before an all-male panel in Congress, biologist Louis Guillette knew how to get across his complex, scientific point.
The Clintons last stayed at Blair House last year on the night before the Inauguration.
``People remind me of the Matteau thing all the time,'' Brodeur said before an intrasquad scrimmage at the Devils' training camp Wednesday afternoon.
``Hopefully it won't come to that,'' Brodeur said, ``but I would like to sign a contract before the season starts, that's for sure.
``It won't be the end of the world if I don't sign before the season,'' Brodeur said, ``but I would worry about it and that's something I don't want to do during the season.'' Brodeur may already be thinking about his contract because his performances during training camp have left plenty to be desired.
But after watching several young players, particularly Capriati, struggle with the pressures of the pro circuit, the Women's Tennis Association is considering making those rules stricter before next year.
``He's said before that none of the legislative accomplishments matter if we can't bring the country together to deal with the problems Americans face every day in their own neighborhoods,'' one White House official said.
Aides said that Clinton and Panetta plan to talk about staff changes before the weekend.
Fang's legs were crushed and later amputated after a Chinese Army tank ran him down and dragged him for 30 feet as it plunged into a crowd of university students retreating from People's Liberation Army troops west of Tiananmen Square before dawn on June 4, 1989.
More than 6 feet tall before his injury, his crew cut and level expression give him a military bearing.
There's something amazing about the fact that it's happening before our very eyes.
Drug companies, insurers and others in the health care industry were so alarmed at the talk of price controls that they organized a campaign to attack the Clinton plan before its details were set.
Once you really (italics)hear(end italics) Schoenberg, I guarantee you'll want to hear more.'' The maids finish vacuuming, and Ax must warm up before his second rehearsal of the day.
PLAYERS, OWNERS PREPARE FOR FINAL EFFORT TO SAVE SEASON NEW YORK  (BC-BBO-LABOR-535(2takes)-NYT) Players and owners Wednesday began a journey back to New York, if not to the bargaining table, in case they are asked to make one more effort to end a 28-day-old players strike before the baseball season is declared dead.
The clubs restated their insistence on securing cost certainty by way of salary caps before agreeing to a new collective bargaining agreement.
They also urged him to support legislation before Congress that would end baseball's antitrust exemption.
Across the street are the beams of a church abandoned before completion and a boarded-up building where West Indian and African-American drug dealers worked different sides by mutual agreement.
Mel promised Sherri's mother before she died that he would take care of Sherri and their son.
He played Double A ball in Santo Domingo before he came to the United States eight years ago.
He played Double A ball in Santo Domingo before he came to the United States eight years ago.
Foster Jr., deputy counsel to the president and his lifelong friend, in the days before Foster committed suicide on July 20, 1993.
Scenes had to be removed, edited or blurred before MTV would televise them.
FOR CUBANS LEFT BEHIND, A FEARFUL WAIT HAVANA, Cuba  (BC-CUBA-RAFTERS-ART-825(2TAKES)-NYT) Each morning before he leaves for high school, Rene Neto takes the family bicycle from the crumbling three-room apartment he shares with his grandparents, an aunt, his mother and four siblings and rides off to look for his father.
Acosta said she had actually heard her son's name the night before on WCMQ-Radio Centro, a Spanish-language news station in Miami that, along with the U.S. government's Radio Marti, has been broadcasting lists of the those rescued as they are issued by the Immigration and Naturalization Service.
28, 1992, barely two months before Clinton defeated Bush and Ross Perot.
Japanese officials have told American reporters in recent days that they would either break off all negotiations with the United States if it imposes sanctions or take the United States before a tribunal of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.
At the same time, the Japanese officials warned that other Asian countries with trade surpluses with the United States would not look kindly on Washington resorting to sanctions, especially before the Jakarta meeting of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum, which President Clinton will be attending in mid-November.
It is precisely to avoid these stark choices -- after 15 months of fruitless negotiations between the Clinton administration and four different Japanese governments -- that the American and Japanese sides have begun what are likely to be a marathon set of talks to try to reach an accord before Sept.
The two men had never met Robert or each before they walked into the dim hall.
``(Miller) is a different person and he's a different player than before,'' Holtz said.
WITH SCHOOL STARTING, BARBERS FIND THEIR WEDGES, BUZZES AND BOWLS IN BIG DEMAND MIDLAND PARK, N.J.  (BC-BACK-TO-SCHOOL-BARBER-540(2TAKES)-NYT) If there is one thing that Larry Giglio has learned in 56 years cutting hair, it is that a barber who can survive the day before school can survive anything.
The week before Christmas and the week before Easter are widely felt to be the two most congested hair-cutting periods, followed by the week before New Year's.
Ted Weiss, the eight-term incumbent, who died the night before the primary in 1992.
But the company is counting on its experience as a life insurer to predict the number of those who buy the product who will die before they collect any money, and the number of people who collect who will live to enjoy their $180,000 a year.
He worked in film distribution for several years and in 1953 headed to the United States, working briefly in television production in New York before moving to Los Angeles, where he bluffed his way into a screenwriting job.
``I remember from the Knapp Commission years, there was a problem with suicides.'' Laski, 30, was found shortly before 7 a.m. Tuesday by fellow officers after he failed to show up for work in the court division.
Milosevic has feigned splits with his Bosnian Serb allies before.
Sanfilippo, who has raised three children, including a 23-year-old son who is a fisherman, like his father, his grandfather, and his great-grandfather before him.
``Does the court want a doctor or a nurse injured before it takes any action?'' she asked.
Elway completed 36 of 46 for 371 yards against the San Diego Chargers last Sunday night, but an interception just before the half was returned 99 yards by Stanley Richards and turned the game in San Diego's favor.
So it's time for other guys to step up and do it for us.'' Carroll is hoping the Jets' home opener, his first game before the fans in Giants Stadium after an encouraging road victory in Buffalo, doesn't turn sour.
Like I said before, we have some great fans in New York, but we don't expect them to jump up and down if we're not playing well.'' EXTRA POINTS: Middle linebacker Kyle Clifton is still hobbling with a sprained knee.
The trial before U.S. District Judge Thomas Van Bebber is expected to last six to seven days.
This (trial) strikes at those roots.'' On Wednesday, defense attorneys wasted little time before ripping into McGraw, Steineger's chief accuser.
McGraw, he said, changed his version of the alleged bribe three times and made numerous unsuccessful attempts to implicate Steineger and Adams in taped conversations before recording what the government contends are incriminating discussions.
The jury will not have to wait long before hearing from McGraw.
The sides went over the final details of the contract earlier Wednesay before Hogue signed.
``We wouldn't want him coming in here two days before the season though.'' Hogue said he had been working out all summer because he felt that if he could not come to terms with the Islanders, he wanted to be ready for offers from other teams.
Robins promoted preventive treatment of tuberculosis-infected children with isoniazid -- the first highly effective oral tuberculosis drug, which became available in 1952 -- years before the effectiveness of that treatment was widely recognized, Frieden said.
``I'm sick about it, but they really should be doing more psychological checking into these guys before they let them become cops,'' said a veteran detective in the 78th Precinct in Brooklyn.
You have 20-year-old guys from the suburbs, never seen a gun before.'' But the most distressing comments came from officers assigned to the 30th Precinct in Harlem, where Laski was remembered as a vivacious man who liked to joke around in the gym and go fishing for bluefish and fluke with his buddies from the station house.
He said he believed Del-Debbio was shot by a uniformed transit officer before he opened fire or sometime after his initial shots at Robinson.
Investigators are exploring whether Transit Officer Joseph Fitzgerald wounded Del-Debbio before he had finished shooting Robinson, and that Del-Debbio might have believed he was under attack from more than one gunman.
WITNESS WHO REFUSED TO TESTIFY IS JAILED LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-KILLINGS-LADN) A witness found in contempt of court for refusing to testify before the Los Angeles County grand jury in connection with the O.J. Simpson case has been jailed for an indefinite period of time.
Dunton could be held behind bars until the grand jury's year-long term expires June 30, or until he decides to answer questions before the secret panel.
Dunton refused once again Thursday to appear before the grand jury that was hearing testimony in an investigation by prosecutors into whether criminal charges should be brought against Simpson's friend, A.C. Cowlings.
``There (were) assurances given to him that the district attorney's office would not take action that they took by placing him before the grand jury,'' he said.
Dunton has said he fears for his life if he offers testimony before the grand jury.
He's learned, like Joe Montana and Steve Young before him, that Walsh is sparing in his praise.
WITNESS WHO REFUSED TO TESTIFY IS JAILED LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-KILLINGS-1stLd-Writethru-LADN) A witness found in contempt of court for refusing to testify before the Los Angeles County grand jury in connection with the O.J. Simpson case has been jailed for an indefinite period of time.
Dunton could be held behind bars until the grand jury's year-long term expires June 30, or until he decides to answer questions before the secret panel.
Dunton refused once again Wednesday to appear before the grand jury that was hearing testimony in an investigation by prosecutors into whether criminal charges should be brought against Simpson's friend, A.C. Cowlings.
``There (were) assurances given to him that the district attorney's office would not take action that they took by placing him before the grand jury,'' he said.
Dunton has said he fears for his life if he offers testimony before the grand jury.
``I'd rather talk about a game that I threw four interceptions than talk about getting hurt.'' A week before the injury, Barr had led an improbable Cal victory after being behind 30-0 to Oregon.
``Carbohydrates take 30 minutes to an hour before they get burned off, but protein takes between two to four hours, so it's a longer-lasting source of energy,'' she explained.
``You need to think beyond just what to eat before an event.
``If you change your diet drastically right before an event, such as switching to one that is high-fiber and high-carbohydrate and you're not used to it, it can cause a lot of bloating, cramping, gas, even diarrhea.
On the opposite end of the nutrition spectrum, Stone said there are also certain foods to avoid the night before or the day of an event.
Any type of cruciferous vegetable, such as cauliflower, broccoli, brussels sprouts or cabbage and highly seasoned foods should not be eaten prior to a competitive event, she said, adding that she doesn't recommend going out for Mexican food the night before a race.
You probably don't want to junk out before an endurance event, but I don't think we need to live in guilt.
She doesn't, however, recommend eating beyond a half-hour before a race.
``He said, `I've been through tough times before.
Smith was a running back at UCLA before the Raiders moved him to tight end after the 1993 exhibition season.
Shell said the Raiders were going to evaluate Smith's progress before deciding if they will bring in another fullback.
In this case, make a 360-degree turn before continuing the race.
Even if you have never sailed before, once you are part of a crew, you will have responsibilities that will help your boat win the race.
So a larger boat may cross the finish line before its smaller opponent yet still lose the race because it didn't finish fast enough based on its rating.
``When I looked last Sunday before the opener, there were a ton of birds in Lancaster,'' said Randy van Vliet of Agoura.
The public probably should wait until at least the halfway point of the NFL season before offering a judgment on Ryan's performance as head coach of the Arizona Cardinals.
Deputy City Attorney Kenneth Tso said employees at the store on Sepulveda Boulevard reported that Johnson, who had done business at the shop several times before, tried to sell them a pager, but they declined.
At times against Washington, Allred lined up in the backfield before shifting into a wing.
``Some of it stems from the H-back when coach Robinson was here before,'' said tight end coach David Robinson, John's son.
Alexander was allowed to speak to the media the day before preseason practice, but not again until he plays in a game, which could happen as soon as Saturday against Wyoming.
15, 1993 and, considering how negotiations for a new deal are going, the specter of a lockout by management before Oct.
The only thing we really have left is salary arbitration.'' And a glimmer of hope that a new agreement can be reached in time to avert a work stoppage before regular-season work even begins.
``I went into areas on the ice that I hadn't gone before, and I had to do that to score the goals.
``I know Cody felt a lot better (Wednesday),'' said Richardson, who before Sunday had thrown four passes in two NFL seasons.
I'm preparing as if I'm starting.'' Pardee, for his part, said he likely won't make -- or at least announce -- a decision until shortly before game time.
Just last Friday, the Oilers released Carlson's projected backup, Sean Salisbury, and promoted Richardson from No.3. Tolliver, who didn't go to an NFL camp this summer, was throwing 150 passes a day to high school kids and waiting for the phone to ring before Carlson's injury.
The Los Angeles Police Department mounted unit was scheduled to patrol between noon and sunset Wednesday and today, with city officials planning to evaluate the impact before deciding whether to continue the patrols after today.
``I've been further, so nothing is making me feel settled,'' said the Las Vegan, who reached the Open final in 1990 but had to wait until he worked his way into his third career Grand Slam final before he made his breakthrough at Wimbledon in 1992.
``Whether they beat you before or you've beaten them or whether you never played before, nothing matters but Saturday.'' Certainly it didn't matter that Muster, with his harsh and heavy breathing and brute forehand forcefulness, was the first player to gain a service break.
``I am not terribly optimistic,'' one union lawyer said before the meeting.
The clubs restated their insistence on securing cost certainty by way of salary caps before agreeing to a new collective bargaining agreement.
They also urged him to support legislation before Congress that would end baseball's antitrust exemption.
In another development, a witness who was subpoenaed to testify before a grand jury investigating Simpson's close friend, Al Cowlings, was ordered jailed Wednesday for refusing to testify.
Makovec, briefly a starter two seasons ago before injuring a knee, is also a creditable passer.
Deputy City Attorney Kenneth Tso said employees at the store on Sepulveda Boulevard reported that Johnson, who had done business at the shop several times before, tried to sell them a pager, but they declined.
So it was when it came time to build up the Georgia receivers before last Saturday's game at South Carolina that the coaches took the direct route to the inner self.
``In the past,'' said longtime director of ticket operations Jack Ragsdale, ``there have been times when (the public) has kicked us around pretty good before the season started.
At the same time, people seem to be taking more of a `wait-and-see' attitude before they commit to us.'' In fact, with eight of this weekend's NFL games facing blackouts, one has to wonder if the lack of interest is leaguewide as well.
Colquitt got his chance to start and it lasted seven plays before his career ended with a torn ligament in his left knee against UCLA.
Wednesday, where glass lay shattered from a violent confrontation between strikers, replacement workers and police the day before.
The workers at Dunlop have struck the company two times before -- in 1979 and 1982 -- but in neither of those strikes were replacements hired.
This time, they say, Dunlop began taking applications before workers even walked off their jobs.
Tolliver started 19 games for the Chargers in 1989 and 1990 before he was traded to the Falcons prior to the 1991 season.
15, before beginning their cross-country crime rampage on Aug.
	But the Dayton Daily News has learned that the pair actually met each other at least two years ago -- and Gilbert may have lived in Dayton before moving to Newcomerstown.
Cole's other sons, Steve Johns, 29, and Jeremy Cole, 14, confirmed that Salmon and Elliott met Gilbert through the Coles sometime before Ed and Randy died in a Dec.
	Salmon said Elliott and Gilbert stopped by to see him before they left on the night of Aug.
These new wrinkles in the ad game come in a year when, the experts say, voters are more cynical and skeptical than ever before.
But I was a fan of the elfin genius Burns long before ``The Civil War.'' I watched his documentaries about the Brooklyn Bridge, the Statue of Liberty, Huey Long and the age of radio -- subjects I didn't really care about until I saw Burns present them.
With high technology opening the dam, information will be gushing to us like never before.
``I was so slim I had to get out of the bathtub before I pulled the plug, or else I'd go down the drain.'' Preston said he'll wager on ``anything where the outcome is in doubt.'' He won the World Series of Poker in 1972.
It's set in 1680, 42 years before remote Rapa Nui, as its inhabitants call it, was seen by Europeans, and evidently centuries after other Polynesian cultures lost contact with the place.
So to kill time before the climactic showdown, screenwriter Mark Lee packs Swank and Morita off to a nearby Buddhist monastery.
It all ends up where it's supposed to, with a big dustup between Swank and the goons, and Miyagi helpfully boiling his pacifism down to the catchy corner man's counsel, ``If must fight, win.'' Like the earlier ``Karate Kids'' and ``My Bodyguard'' before them, ``The Next Karate Kid'' espouses the belief that pacifism is all very well and good until you've got a movie to finish.
I think so many people have been so cavalier about being sexually active.'' Last season, her show dealt with 25-year-old office assistant Louise Fitzer, played by Yeardley Smith, losing her virginity to a friend who, despite being a womanizer, was nervous about being with her and courted her beforehand.
I think so many people have been so cavalier about being sexually active.'' Last season, her show dealt with 25-year-old office assistant Louise Fitzer, played by Yeardley Smith, losing her virginity to a friend who, despite being a womanizer, was nervous about being with her and courted her beforehand.
Now you want to grow up to be a West Coast rapper.'' Broadus, his bodyguard and another man were arraigned last winter before Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Lance A.
Recalling her first and only bout with stage fright before a ``Harry and the Hendersons'' TV walk-on, she recounted the firm talking-to she gave herself.
``I remembered what I was in this business for is the performing,'' she said, before switching to a steely inner voice that was almost alarming.
 (BC-MINI-MOVIE-REVIEWS-5thtake-LADN) THAT'S ENTERTAINMENT! III: More song-and-dance treasures from the MGM vault, this time accompanied by outtakes, behind-the-scenes footage and never before seen production numbers.
Filmed in a schizophrenic mix of styles and operating on an infinite number of levels, the bloody satire finally has nothing to say that hasn't been said before.
The mixture can vary, but usually includes 10 to 15 ingredients, such as allspice, cloves, cumin, cardamom, chilies, ginger, peppercorns, mace, turmeric and caraway seeds, which are ground together before being added to rice, vegetables or meat.
Not one to relish kissing babies on the campaign trail, the cerebral Moynihan, 67, is more comfortable facilitating discussion at town meetings and before newspaper editorial boards.
Marinate in refrigerator for 1 hour before serving.
When Pinole emergency crews were called to a quiet suburban home a few minutes before 4 p.m. on Aug.
This zany cast could only traipse across center court for so long before their legs gave out.
WASHINGTON  (BC-CONGRESS-DATA-$ADV11-COX) When it returns Monday, Congress will have these major items to pass, kill or ignore before adjourning in October.
Robinson quits the Dodgers just before they move to Los Angeles, following the New York Giants' shift to San Francisco.
THE CONTRASTING STYLES OF BIG TEN AND PAC-10 SEATTLE  (BC-FBC-MIDWEST-WEST-SPI) Back before he assaulted a photographer, slugged an opposing linebacker and had a street on campus named after him, Woody Hayes, the legendary Ohio State football coach, set down a guideline that would rule Midwest football for decades: When you throw the ball, three things can happen, and two are bad.
Hackman eyes the questioner warily and before he can answer, another citizen pipes up, ``We've always played zone and been successful.'' Similarly, in the Midwest, they've always run the ball and been successful.
THE CONTRASTING STYLES OF BIG TEN AND PAC-10 SEATTLE  (BC-FBC-MIDWEST-WEST-SPI) Back before he assaulted a photographer, slugged an opposing linebacker and had a street on campus named after him, Woody Hayes, the legendary Ohio State football coach, set down a guideline that would rule Midwest football for decades: When you throw the ball, three things can happen, and two are bad.
Hackman eyes the questioner warily and before he can answer, another citizen pipes up, ``We've always played zone and been successful.'' Similarly, in the Midwest, they've always run the ball and been successful.
The rest of the movie is an extended blood bath -- torture and execution of hostages, a shootout with the police -- that is only occasionally relieved by a subplot in which the American finds himself with a mild moral dilemma when one of the hostages turns out to be a gorgeous part-time prostitute (Julie Delpy) he met the night before.
There are conflicting stories about what happened, but Pat believes her son -- who had received a death threat just days before the shooting -- may have been murdered.
What may really endear the package to retailers, however, is the promise by both Warner and MGM/UA to lengthen the period of time stores may rent the movies before they are released on pay-per-view television.
Since the play takes place the night before the young man is to leave Ballybeg and emigrate to far-off America, the inner Gareth is particularly busy, gathering final impressions, experiencing last-minute doubts, remembering what was both wonderful and terrible about growing up in an Irish backwater with no mother and an exasperatingly taciturn father.
A See a doctor before starting a walking program if you are a man over 40 or a woman over 50; seriously out of shape; significantly overweight; smoke; are pregnant; have a limiting physical condition; or have a family history of heart disease, high blood pressure or high cholesterol.
A common mistake is to walk too fast before your body is ready for it.
The lead foot must make contact with the ground before the rear foot leaves the ground.
And while Patinkin's singing may be quieter than before, it is still intensely concentrated.
He worked six years at the First National Bank on Park Avenue before moving in 1969 to Florida.
The couple dated for more than a year -- meeting in Atlanta, San Francisco, Kansas City and in the man's hometown of Minneapolis -- before an investigation determined he had been married for almost 25 years.
	TAILHOOK-SETTLE (Washington) -- Four days before the start of a trial over the bawdy Tailhook convention, the Navy aviators' group that sponsored the gathering in Las Vegas three years ago has settled a lawsuit filed by a former Navy officer who was one of the women sexually abused there.
Those families have had to cope with watching the essence of a loved one disappear before their eyes.
A Gallup poll for USA Today-Cable News Network in August found that 74 percent of respondents believe Clinton is required by the Constitution to seek prior congressional approval before an invasion of Haiti.
	Several regional theaters, including the Coconut Grove Playhouse in Florida and the Long Wharf in New Haven, Conn., have offered to give the play its next home, and the producers do want to see the play on its feet again out of town before bringing it here.
Somewhere around a third of the audience now is black; the percentage was negligible before.'' 	Ms. Williams, who is to perform in the role until the end of January, was offered the part after she auditioned last winter for Drabinsky's other musical, ``Show Boat.'' Initially, he wanted her to replace Lonette McKee as Julie in the Toronto production of the show when Ms. McKee moved to Broadway.
And callers must know to enter the pound sign both before and after punching in the number they want you to call.
NATIONAL NEWS IN BRIEF WASHINGTON (NYT)  (BC-NATIONAL-BRIEFS-NYT) Four days before the start of a trial over the bawdy Tailhook convention, the Navy aviators' group that sponsored the gathering in Las Vegas three years ago has settled a lawsuit filed by a former Navy officer who was one of the women sexually abused there.
It's tinnier when the bat is aluminum.) Here's how it goes: You step into a cage, your private tunnel for facing down a nemesis, a mechanical pitcher, and maybe once or twice out of 12 or 15 chances, you get the right pitch, you time it right and, on top of that, your swing uncoils the way you envisioned it beforehand.
It was maybe three rounds of pitches before I caught up to the ball for more than a solid foul, but then I was suddenly on it.
The baseball owners saw the need to get back to work before their sport was totally irrelevant.
The sight of an owner personally trying to knock back salaries in the week before the season opened is a new low among the moneyed set.
Who would have believed that a guy named Meat Loaf would sing the national anthem better than most ever have before Major League Baseball's All-Star Game?
But back then Tinseltown wasn't of the opinion that a good movie had to be sugarcoated before the public would bite.
CLEANER STARTS FOR NEXT CATALYTIC CONVERTERS  (BC-CAR-SMART-CONVERTERS-$ADV11-NYT) Automotive engineers have long known that cars do their most serious polluting right after they are started, before their catalytic converters warm up.
It is one they hope to achieve well before their Sept.17 pay-per-view rematch at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas.
The team is due to report by midnight Friday night, and the players will take their physical examinations on Saturday in Rye before taking the bus to Glens Falls, N.Y. The first official practice is Sunday morning, and the exhibition schedule begins at Pittsburgh on Wednesday.
	Buyers will be informed before the sale that in fact, they may not be buying at all.
	A spokeswoman at the Victoria and Albert said that under the terms of Thyssen's pledge, before the sculpture went on view in Britain it would spend six months or a year at the Villahermosa Palace, next to the Prado in Madrid, where the baron's art collection is on public view.
It's the atypical, quirkier elements, though, that give the show its intermittent zest, like his descriptions of presenting an ad pitch before a truly deranged-sounding panel of wine executives or performing stand-up comedy with his partner, Tony Hendra, in front of an uncomprehending audience in the Catskills in the 1960s.
That was four days before he was to meet at the White House with Rabin.
Now, a few days before the anniversary of the White House meeting, Arafat has failed to fulfill that promise, and there is evidence that he may never be able to deliver.
The most memorable one that comes to mind was a BBC television version in 1962 with Robert Helpmann as the Old Man and Jeremy Brett, 30 years before he became Sherlock Holmes, as the Student.
TAILHOOK SETTLEMENT REACHED WASHINGTON  (BC-TAILHOOK-SETTLE-NYT) Four days before trial of a lawsuit over the bawdy 1991 convention of a naval aviators' group, the Tailhook Association, in Las Vegas, Nev., the group has reached a settlement with the plaintiff, a former Navy lieutenant who was among the women sexually abused there.
Last September Lainie Kazan was inadvertently locked in the 67-story GE Building after a show, and on Wednesday, a door slammed shut again, this time before Ann Hampton Callaway's first show of the evening.
``I sang, `It seems we stood and talked like this before,' and broke down laughing.'' 	NEW YORK -- John Mellencamp canceled the remainder of a national tour Thursday after doctors found a clogged artery in his heart.
Brokaw filled the White House post before his anchor days.
BOOK LOOKS AT MITTERRAND'S `MISTAKES', INCLUDING HIS VICHY PAST PARIS  (BC-FRANCE-MITTERRAND-NYT) It would be an exaggeration to say that the early life of President Francois Mitterrand was a state secret, but as long as he was a politician with another election ahead of him he saw to it that an aura of mystery surrounded the years before he emerged as a Socialist leader.
But now, at the age of 77 and just eight months before retiring from the Elysee Palace, Mitterrand has helped a French writer to reveal new details of his hidden past, first as a rightist student in the 1930s and then working for the collaborationist Vichy government in World War II.
In an interview in Le Figaro on Thursday, the president, who is suffering from prostate cancer, spoke again about his past but also addressed rumors that his worsening health could force him to retire before his term ends in May 1995.
``I think we'll see the company closing even more stores.'' In a modest endorsement, investors ran up Kmart shares 50 cents before the stock closed at $18 on the New York Stock Exchange on Thursday.
``But we are making considerable progress with initiatives to strengthen the core Kmart discount business.'' Earlier this year, Kmart said it would close 150 stores before 1996.
Morgan was in several low-budget movies before his breakthrough as a society snob in the 1940 film ``Kitty Foyle.'' Appearing opposite Ginger Rogers, who won an Oscar for her performance, Morgan and the actor James Craig were described by Bosley Crowther in a review in The New York Times as ``wholly attractive rivals for her love.'' Among his other films were ``My Wild Irish Rose,'' ``Desert Song,'' ``God is My Co-Pilot,'' ``Cheyenne,'' and ``Christmas in Connecticut.'' Morgan, whose real name was Stanley Morner, was born in Prentice, Wis.
30 before slipping back.
A federal district judge declared the state's measure unconstitutional earlier this year, and the case is now before a federal appeals court in San Francisco.
7, Cole will argue the case before the U.S. Supreme Court.
Domestic and international sales of U.S. bar-code companies reached $3.1 billion last year, up from $2.9 billion the year before, according to Venture Development Corp., a Natick, Mass.-based market research firm that predicts the industry will be growing at a 13.1 percent clip through 1998.
The operation command allowed the helicopters to fly into the no-fly zone before fighters had swept the area for any sign of Iraqi aircraft, the investigative report said.
But as it turned out, the Hasidic men who got on were anxious to recite mincha before the early winter sundown and the lighting of Hanukkah candles.
Rabinovicz had long gone out of her way to oppose Hasidic customs and on several occasions before the Dec.
We acquired the rights, and we have consistently policed the mark.'' Joe Kaufenberg, president of Universal Pogs, counters that the name Pog was in common usage long before World Pog began to produce the disks, and that all producers should be able to use the term.
I just never cared about the team.'' At least not until he received a recruiting letter from the school before his senior year in high school.
We've got a lot of weapons.'' But the Nittany Lions' chief weapon is Carter, whose given name was Kenneth before his mother changed it to Ki-Jana (pronounced key-JANA) to reflect his African ancestry.
Every day in the weeks before his father died, the boy with arms like matchsticks slowly pushed a heavy mop around the apartment, but a bad smell lingered.
``There are days when I just sit here,'' she said in the month before her abortion, as the days become longer and her abdomen expanded.
I never had bills before.
Marino's endorsement of Pataki left Giuliani as the most significant Republican leader to refuse to back a candidate before the primary.
D'Amato did not consult him before settling on Pataki as the candidate of the party leadership.
Taiwan is the home of the Chinese Nationalist government that fled the mainland in 1949 before Mao Zedong's victorious Communist army.
Western diplomats here say there would have to be significant progress in these disputes before a summit meeting could occur.
Ziff Jr. surprised the computer publishing industry by announcing that he wanted to sell the family-owned Ziff Communications empire, he insisted that his decision was reached only months before the announcement, after his three adult sons had indicated that they had no interest in running the business.
A far more lustrous property is the business magazine group, which this year is expected to generate $505 million in sales and $146 million in operating income, which are earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization.
Never before have those three magazines generated as much cash, in part because Ziff has aggressively pushed up their profit margins in the last three years by increasing advertising rates and cutting production and circulation costs.
``It is like selling a used car that you polish before you put it on the market,'' said Howard Anderson, managing director at the Yankee Group, a high-technology market research firm in Boston.
While conceding that enhanced profitability may make a company more attractive to potential buyers, several people close to Ziff Communications contended that the efforts to increase profit margins were changes initiated long before any thought of selling the company.
While Blinder said he would continue to explain Fed policy publicly, he added that one possible moral of the controversy ``is that if you are on a central bank board, you ought to keep your mouth shut because anything you say is likely to be exaggerated -- and I must admit I'm considering that moral more than I did before.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
Greenspan has testified before Congress in favor of amending the Federal Reserve Act to require that the central bank set interest rates only with an eye to holding down inflation.
Even if Friday's producer price increase turns out to be lower than expected, investors and traders are likely to wait until they see the August Consumer Price Index before they relax.
TENNIS NEEDS AGASSI NOW NEW YORK  (BC-TEN-OPEN-ROBERTSON-HNS) I am at Runyons, an Upper East Side saloon where sports was the native tongue long before somebody invented ``sports bars.'' Usually this time of year, you can watch the Yankees on one TV, the Mets on another and, if you ask politely, maybe the U.S. Open on a third.
In that period, Israel would see how far Syria went in normalizing relations with Israel before deciding on subsequent withdrawals.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Opposition leaders and Golan settlers said that they would reinforce a campaign to persuade the Israeli public that it would be an enormous mistake -- some go so far as to say national suicide -- to give up a 450-square-mile plateau, which was used by Syria before 1967 to fire on northern Israeli towns.
The players took the step on the day before the deadline set a week ago by Bud Selig, the acting commissioner, to reach an agreement or face the loss of the rest of the season and the post-season.
``There will be no proposal that is a substitute for a cap or has a high penalty for signing players,'' a person connected to the union said before the players began a series of internal meetings to formulate their plan.
The Macoutes tie you up before they do it.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
The bureau, which is in charge of booking conventions two years or more in advance, said reservations for future events have more than doubled to 24 conventions for the fiscal year that ended June 30, compared with a year before.
Trotman said of the finance job, ``The strong preference of the board was for the chairmanship to be a family chairmanship.'' Indeed, before William Ford Sr., his brother Henry held the post.
Time Warner now hopes to start the first trial sometime before year-end, about six months later than it originally hoped.
Diaz became known to law-enforcement officials as a suspected major narcotics dealer shortly before 1990, Arsenault said, but kept his private life well guarded.
Phoenix, which realized it had no chance to get another Super Bowl before it hosts its first one in 1996, has notified the NFL it is pulling out of the bidding.
Citing recent criticism of the embargo by some U.S. senators and newspaper editorialists, he said, ``Every day the view becomes more widespread in the United States that the only way to resolve the problems between the two countries is by putting an end to the blockade and sitting down to talk about all the problems in a broad and respectful way.'' Cuban officials offered no details of the proposals that Alarcon presented to officials here before flying back to New York on Thursday afternoon.
In the closing weeks before Thursday's primary, Bush was attacked by his opponents for his business ties, his family connections and his lack of government experience.
``I believe you have to be incredibly naive to ignore the circumstantial evidence,'' said Pursley, who had not spoken out on the issue before.
Cheng said the Chinese, unlike American and European swimmers, also continue lifting during their taper training period, often up to six days before major competitions (U.S. swimmers, not all of whom lift, often stop up to three weeks before a competition).
Pursley said sources told him the Chinese were notified of FINA's visit three weeks before the testing officials arrived.
``It's not a good idea before the elections,'' said Murtha, who heads the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, which controls the Pentagon's purse strings.
Skaggs, a Colorado Democrat, last month urged Clinton in a letter to obtain congressional authority before an invasion.
Thursday, Operation Road Spill was ended and its bogus company, Southern Leasing Systems of South Kearny, N.J., closed shop as federal and local law-enforcement officials staged raids before dawn on homes across the three states.
Software developers, too, will wait until they know Microsoft has set the features that will ultimately be offered on Windows 95 before issuing programs to run on the new operating system.
Legionnaires and French paratroopers finally secured this 37-mile stretch of road in 1953, a year before France left Indochina in defeat.
In four months of heavy fighting, U.S. warplanes and South Vietnamese artillery reduced the once-proud provincial capital to rubble before turning back the North Vietnamese.
Legionnaires and French paratroopers finally secured this 37-mile stretch of road in 1953, a year before France left Indochina in defeat.
In four months of heavy fighting, U.S. warplanes and South Vietnamese artillery reduced the once-proud provincial capital to rubble before turning back the North Vietnamese.
I had seen it before, but never in the context of a larger scale.
Almost before the players can blink, Wimbledon is upon them.
Among the great majority of Cubans who have stayed there are some who cling to the Revolution's promise of a more developed society and others who, on its worst days, remember things as having been worse before.
Three times before this campaign, he ran for mayor.
Being mayor of the city was his goal even before he became a City Council member in 1979.
Just before the primary, Ray bowed out and threw his support to Barry.
Among the great majority of Cubans who have stayed there are some who cling to the Revolution's promise of a more developed society and others who, on its worst days, remember things as having been worse before.
Among the great majority of Cubans who have stayed there are some who cling to the Revolution's promise of a more developed society and others who, on its worst days, remember things as having been worse before.
Kohlberg, Kravis has been hanging tough, counting on the courts to reject the asbestos claims and preparing to wait them out before taking the company out of Chapter ll.
The lone season in which Cal was ranked before its first game -- 1992 -- the Bears flopped to 4-7.
Combine those three games with a winnable home game against Arizona State, and the Bears could be 4-0 before hitting UCLA.
The 49ers beat defending champion Washington in a Monday night game and won four straight, before losing a meaningless season-ender to the Rams.
Walsh advises Montana, though one important part of his advice--to retire before he gets seriously hurt--has been ignored.
Imagine how much worse for the Jets, who have played before fans who are not even sure they want to be there.
Two days before Christmas in 1989, 55,743 fans stayed away from a Bills game at Giants Stadium.
Also, it has been said here before, but bears repeating: Young will not approach Montana's record or Montana's place in NFL history.
Agassi, of course, has been to the semifinals and even the finals here before.
He came down with a minor burn that bothered him when he put on shoulder pads before a workout the other day.
Left winger Bob Wren, released by the Kings before camp opened, has signed with the Hartford Whalers.
``Five years ago, he was raising money while I was examining babies.'' Bentivegna, who has never run for office before, and who often seems to rely on conversations with his patients for his information on issues, said Lieberman's millions intimidated better qualified Republicans.
Agreeing with arguments made before him on Thursday by a lawyer for The New York Times, Adam Liptak, Trager held that in light of the ``enormous publicity'' the case has already received -- Nelson's state trial was in open court -- ``most of the arguments one would normally hear for closure strike me as not being very relevant here.'' As these issues were argued, Nelson sat at the defense table, his expression unchanging as he followed the proceedings.
Shapiro, addressing the board at a public hearing before the vote.
The theft came four days after the New York Shakespeare Festival closed ``The Two Gentlemen of Verona'' to end its summer season, and hours before the equipment was to be moved.
But the plutonium must still be separated after it is produced, before it can be reused in another reactor.
The plan before South Coast Air Quality Management District directors includes more than 100 proposals for attaining an 80 percent reduction in smog generated by the region's industrial and transportation sectors over the next 16 years.
Minutes before the crash, ``the crew called in, as is normal,'' she said.
Kohlberg, Kravis has been hanging tough, counting on the courts to reject the asbestos claims and preparing to wait them out before taking the company out of Chapter ll.
Minutes before the crash, ``the crew called in, as is normal'' on final approach, she said.
We had just had an accident on 60 a few minutes before, so police were already in the area.
Nolan Harrison and Chester McGlockton remain inside and Howie Long was a starter all last season before retiring in January.
He needed a scapegoat, and I was a scapegoat.'' Slocum said he had made up his mind before the Cotton Bowl about bringing in a new offensive coordinator.
UCLA coach Terry Donahue said that is what Slocum told him before he hired Toledo to replace highly acclaimed Homer Smith, who left for Alabama.
``The team we played in the Cotton Bowl (Notre Dame) had given up 41 points in their last game (against Boston College) before we played them (and scored 21).
The plan before South Coast Air Quality Management District directors includes more than 100 proposals for attaining an 80 percent reduction in smog generated by the region's industrial and transportation sectors over the next 16 years.
Sharpe's decision to walk out on his teammates the day before their season-opener, thus to leverage Packers management into the promise of a substantial bonus, articulated his perspective on personal motivation and team loyalty.
And like the Jim Beam, which is run five weeks before the Derby, its scheduling six weeks before the Breeders' Cup is perfect timing.
Hours before the baseball season was to be buried without a pennant race, without a playoff, without a World Series -- without that fountain of money -- and with a permanent scar, the players and the owners spoke for the first time since Aug.
Tech scored its final touchdown when Darden scrambled for 10 yards before fumbling at the Nebraska 1-yard line.
Minutes before the crash, ``the crew called in, as is normal'' on final approach, she said.
Parents are urged to learn more about the film before taking children.
About 52 people before they're put in Tommy Lee Jones' jail.
Those convicted of violent crimes will go to a regular prison where, under new laws that also took effect this month, they will have to stay longer before becoming eligible for parole or other early-release programs.
A long, hot afternoon of drinking and golf left the Mick smashed before dinner.
Those 12 weeks before the competition are awful because you're trying to lose fat while maintaining muscle and you have to watch every single calorie you eat.''  .
In his autobiography, ``The Long-Distance Runner,'' completed six years before his death and later found squirreled away by his daughter, Natasha, Richardson wrote, ``I felt the movie to be incomplete and botched in much of its execution.
For starters, he was not a 98-pound weakling, the one who got beaten up by every bully in the shire before discovering miracle powdered shark spleen supplement.
Inside the Pitt student union building, under a sheet of plexiglass, rests home plate from the Pirates' final game in June 1970 before the team relocated at Three Rivers Stadium.
If the sides suddenly breach the Grand Canyonesque chasm that existed a month before and come up with this taxation principle or Marxist gameplan or whatever it is that owners have devised to protect them from themselves, we would again have baseball.
We just would not have baseball as before.
Legionnaires and French paratroopers finally secured this 37-mile stretch of road in 1953, a year before France left Indochina in defeat.
In four months of heavy fighting, U.S. warplanes and South Vietnamese artillery reduced the once-proud provincial capital to rubble before turning back the North Vietnamese.
Legionnaires and French paratroopers finally secured this 37-mile stretch of road in 1953, a year before France left Indochina in defeat.
In four months of heavy fighting, U.S. warplanes and South Vietnamese artillery reduced the once-proud provincial capital to rubble before turning back the North Vietnamese.
According to the historian, she was his ``total slave.'' The high point of their affair was in 1913-14, just before the outbreak of World War I when Lenin, wanted by the czarist police, was living as an obscure exile in Switzerland.
And callers must know to enter the pound sign both before and after punching in the number they want you to call.
Other parts of the program include a joint effort with the United Auto Workers to improve the ergonomics of the worksite and tools; basic scientific research to ascertain root medical causes; and a pilot program to condition workers before they start specific jobs, he said.
``We get calls from insurance companies weekly, asking when it will be available.'' Meanwhile, the company is planning to begin selling the portable laser in Europe and other markets outside the United States before the year is out, Barbour said.
The first thing we do is ask that the legal documents (for a trust fund) are drawn up before they ever come (to claim the prize),'' Levine said.
``Second, if there is a group set up so that one person will receive the winnings for all, we ask them to sign a release form saying we authorize the lottery to pay everything to (the designated person) and we trust them to take care of it.'' However, a lawsuit over a disputed Lotto ticket has been filed in state district court in Houston before the state paid the person with the winning ticket.
Solving the crime problem needs to start before children become monsters.
Fortunately, we knew about it before we arrived on the scene and were able to slow down enough to dodge the pieces of the tire.
And powerful bankers are insisting on passage of a law fostering the growth of multi-state megabanks before Congress adjourns in October.
WASHINGTON  (BC-CONGRESS-DATA-$ADV11-COX) When it returns Monday, Congress will have these major items to pass, kill or ignore before adjourning in October.
How many times must we be cheated, deceived and betrayed before it just plain makes sense to get defensive?
Joey Harris and Jerry Raney are decent lead vocalists, but the band's country-tinged bar rock is unexceptional, the kind of stuff you've heard a million times before.
Brown already has agreed to participate while Wilson says he wants to study the format further before agreeing.
``We thought it was going to last forever before it burned'' in the 1950s, he says.
``If the plans work out, I'll be playing Beijing, Shanghai and Hong Kong before I get back to Ambridge.'' 
With the switch from the iron-fisted Johnson to the more laid-back Switzer, the quarterback's moods and reactions are being monitored even more closely than before.
The puzzles may be logical, but it could take hours -- even days -- before figuring out the logic to them.
So what if I've been here before?
This two-room museum displays photos and artifacts dating to the 1906 quake that rocked the city long before the Richter scale recorded its first blip.
The newest addition is the 700-pound head of the Goddess of Progress, a statue that once stood tall on the old City Hall before it was destroyed in the turn-of-the-century quake.
It had made 14,489 successful takeoffs and landings and flown 23,846 hours before Thursday.
That defect was logged in October 1989, when a tire blew just before landing in Pittsburgh, damaging a flap and landing gear doors.
But the 14-year-old girl he met before landing behind bars remains loyal to him.
I planted it about six feet from a crape myrtle that was the centerpiece of my kitchen garden before it died in last winter's freeze.
Also, since most of the work was agreed upon (before the conference), it was logical that the attention turned to the areas of disagreement.
We use energy much more efficiently than we did before.
	The forced evictions last night of women, children and old men came as the United States and its European partners put the final touches to an agreement with Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic, the man who armed, financed and backed the Bosnian Serb rampage against Bosnia's Muslims, before ending his support for them last month.
Screenwriter-director-producer Jamaa Fanaka launched his ``Penitentiary'' series of violent action thrillers some seven years before Spike Lee broke out with ``She's Gotta Have It'' in 1986.
Frank has impressed upon the youngster that the concepts of ``right'' and ``wrong'' must pale before sheer economic clout.
Villager Lyubov Ivanova, 70, who had been evacuated a month before, recalled, ``Like idiots, two days after the explosion we went back to see what happened to our houses, and to see what happened to the harvest.
It had made 14,489 successful takeoffs and landings and flown 23,846 hours before Thursday.
That defect was logged in October 1989, when a tire blew just before landing in Pittsburgh, damaging a flap and landing gear doors.
The project, the biggest archeological expedition ever conducted in China, is expected to bring together thousands of archeologists who will try to excavate more than 300 square miles of the river bank before it is covered by the new superdam's reservoir.
With the assistance of an international campaign led by the United Nations, the Egyptians transported the 3,000-year-old stone temples built by Ramses II at Abu Simbel to a new home before the monuments could be buried by a lake that formed behind the dam.
The Chinese version of ``empowerment of women.'' Abortion is always a difficult issue, made more so when it's before the United Nations.
Syrian analysts point to Arafat's painfully slow effort to establish authority in the Gaza Strip and Jericho as an example of why Syria should not be hasty to make peace before the details are settled.
Money is important to Syria and to every country, but there are some things that are more important.'' Western diplomats in Damascus are optimistic that an Israel-Syria accord will be reached by next summer -- before campaigns begin for 1996 national elections in Israel and the United States that pose the possibility of a change of government and potential disruptions to the peace process.
Outside of the West Coast and the Northeast, most Democratic candidates would rather not have him pay a visit before the election.
Outside of the West Coast and the Northeast, most Democratic candidates would rather not have him pay a visit before the election.
The Dallas Cowboys/Houston Oilers game should be over by 6 p.m., an hour before the Emmys begin.
--R.O. Q: I love Andy Richter on ``Late Night with Conan O'Brien,'' but I have no idea where he came from before doing this show.
In 1988 he began writing for ``Saturday Night Live,'' leaving in 1991 before moving to ``The Simpsons,'' where he was a writer and producer.
He attended the University of Illinois, majoring in film and video production before moving into show business, appearing with several Chicago-based comedy troupes, and in New York and Los Angeles productions of ``The Real Live Brady Bunch.'' In other words, it isn't surprising you haven't seen him in anything before ``Late Night,'' because the show is his first real break.
Speaking before the predominantly black National Baptist Convention, a politically active organization representing 8.2 million parishioners, Clinton declared: ``I know not everybody's going to be in a stable, traditional family like you see on one of those 1950 sitcoms.
But most quickly left the convention hall before Clinton left the stage.
It will be several more weeks before another meeting is convened by the World Bank.
The forced evictions Thursday night of women, children and old men came as the United States and its European partners put the final touches on an agreement with the Serbian president, Slobodan Milosevic, the man who armed, financed and backed the Bosnian Serb actions against Bosnian Muslims before ending his support for them last month.
The Clinton administration, and before it the Bush administration, have deplored these Bosnian Serb actions, known as ``ethnic cleasning,'' but also made clear that they were unwilling to commit troops to reverse the process or to punish those reponsible.
However, Karadzic's promise -- like several he has made before -- had no visible effect.
But instead of shipping the customer a shrink-wrapped copy of the program complete with printed documentation, Wordperfect will supply an authorization code that the customer uses to ``unlock'' the software and install it right off the Select CD-ROM, a plan similar to the many try-before-you-buy CD-ROM's available from some computer companies and software distributors.
Some upscale schools, which usually open before the official school year, are delaying classes because parents don't want to pay for the extra week or two of school.
Dan Quayle spoke before the Commonwealth Club at the San Francisco Hilton on Thursday.
Item: Standing by the door before Quayle's speech was Assembly Speaker Willie Brown.
These were the lions and lionesses of the state Democratic Party, and they had mauled many rubber chickens together before.
``Up until a week before it happened, it had reasonably high ratings.
That was up from $4 million the year before and just $725,000 five years ago.
But long before Kate and Ultra Slimfast came along, hanging over the lives of every little girl born in the second half of the 20th century was the impossibly curvy shadow (40-18-32 in life-size terms) of Barbie.
Denver is 0-1 this season and it was a typical Elway loss in which he generated 371 passing yards, 3 touchdowns and 2 interceptions before the San Diego Chargers won, 37-34.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The smallpox committee had recommended in 1990 that genetic blueprints of different strains of the smallpox virus be made before the original 1993 destruction date.
He was back on the streets only a few days before he was taken in by members of the Tactical Narcotics Team.
It was just before midnight on April 24.
The rapper Snoop Doggy Dogg, who won an award, staged his own funeral, with mourners wailing over his coffin, before he rapped ``Murder Was the Case.'' Springsteen sang ``Streets of Philadelphia,'' from the film about a lawyer with AIDS; Stone Temple Pilots sang ``Pretty Penny,'' about a woman who is dead or vanished.
For example, methyl methacrylate monomers, used to make plexiglass, would dissolve easily enough but would grow into only very short strands of polymers before becoming insoluble again.
``This system is positive for the formation of capital markets because all retirement contributions that before went to cover fiscal holes now go to savings,'' said Raul Buonuomo, an economist for Baring Securities in Argentina.
``The scary thing is that Todd has played lousy here and he's in the semis,'' Brad Gilbert, Agassi's coach, said Friday, referring to the three match points Martin faced in the first round against Guillaume Raoux and the one-set deficit he was in before Richey Reneberg was forced to retire from their fourth-round match.
``He looks like he could serve 130, but he never does,'' said Gilbert, before Agassi worked out, shirtless, before a sizable crowd on one of the practice courts at the National Tennis Center.
The administration had been seeking to include the provision in a bill now before Congress that would approve and pay for the already negotiated General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.
Key senators say the administration has broached with them the possibility of removing future fast-track authority from the legislation carrying out the world trade agreement in return for bipartisan Congressional support in approving the accord before adjournment in mid-October.
But it remains unclear whether, even without this provision, the Clinton team will be able to win approval for the global trade accord before Congress adjourns for the year.
The players are to undergo physical examinations there Saturday before heading to Glens Falls, N.Y., for the first official practice sessions on Sunday.
If no agreement is announced before opening night, there is a possibility of a management lockout, although no official announcement has been made.
WHAT HIGH-TECH CARTOONISTS DO WITH THE LEFTOVERS  (BC-CARTOON-BANK-ART-2TAKES-$ADV11-NYT) The company boss is standing in his office, poker-faced, as an employee cringes before him on hands and knees, like a peasant before a king.
He submitted up to 300 cartoons a year to various magazines for years before selling one to The Saturday Review.
The prosecution papers portray Nelson as a youth with a history of academic and disciplinary problems in school who, though he had no criminal record before his arrest in the Crown Heights case, has since had run-ins with the law in an Atlanta suburb, where he went to live after being acquitted in 1992 of murder charges stemming from Rosenbaum's death.
Boeing made 1,831 of those before shutting down production in the mid-1980s.
He said it would be several months at least before products appeared.
The small re-usable craft, which has flown once before, is to be retrieved on Thursday for return to Earth.
Although Fox and CBS had been in contact with the NHL for several months, formal negotiations moved quickly this week before culminating Thursday night in the Fox bid, which eclipsed CBS's estimated $150 million offer.
``The pie is shrinking, and people aren't consulted.'' The company failed this time where it had succeeded before, Clifford Broady believes, because it has changed from a congenial, family-owned enterprise to a modern, impersonal corporation.
``A FINE NIGHT FOR AUSTRALIA'' ROME  (BC-SWIM-CHAMPIONSHIPS-NYT) John Carew had done what he usually does before his prize pupil and fellow Australian swims the 400-meter freestyle: he had written out Kieren Perkins's optimal split times on a small piece of paper.
Riskless principal trades are those in which a broker locates a bond for a client at another securities firm ``and owns those bonds for a minute amount of time'' before selling it to the customer, said Colby.
The headline across Thursday's front page read, ``The Mafia declared war on the police.'' Without citing sources, the newspaper reported that minutes before the first blast, a BMW sedan pulled up before the building and that an ``unidentified man left his things'' on the passport office front desk.
After the Fed raised rates half a point in August, to 4.75 percent, most analysts thought the central bank would wait until after the election before acting again, so it would have time to gauge the impact of its earlier moves on the economy and on inflation.
Further, before the recent series of Fed interest rate increases, the central bank pumped a lot of money into the economy for a very long time.
He taught at the Medical College of Ohio in 1973 before moving to the University of Chicago as an assistant professor of biochemistry the next year.
You shouldn't have a baby before you're ready, and you shouldn't have a baby when you're not married.'' The president was equally critical of the rate of abortions, which end 27 percent of all pregnancies.
The fact that there is a categorical statement in that controversial paragraph saying that where an unsafe abortion has occurred, treatment must be available to manage that early, that's a statement that's never been made before, and that's a breakthrough.'' Throughout the week, the theme that distinguished this conference form others was that rapid growth in the world's population could not be addressed greater involvement by women in their own reproductive health.
The largest loser based on average home attendance in 1994 (before the strike) is the Colorado Rockies, who will have lost a projected 878,970 fans through September 11.
The workers sent by Beaver County Coroner Wayne Tatalovich pulled on rubber protective boots, like those gardeners wear, over their black coveralls Friday afternoon before they went into the steep, dense patch of woods where the plane went down.
According to the accounts of witnesses, the Boeing 737 turned over abruptly before plummeting, diving to earth with such force that nothing was left but bits and pieces scattered around a compact, smoldering crater.
-- The pilots gave air traffic controllers no warning of any problem in the minutes before the crash.
If it became necessary to scale back the offering, the company would only be able to open one new store and last nine more months before running out of cash.
USAIR MUST NOW COMBAT FLIERS' FEARS  (BC-PLANE-CRASH-USAIR-NYT) USAir, struggling with a poor financial and accident record even before Flight 427 crashed Thursday night, now adds to its problems the perception among many travelers that it is no longer safe to fly the airline.
Since the previous USAir crash in July, for example, travel agents said, many passengers have been referring to USAir as ``U.S.-Scare.'' ``This is not the third or fourth time, for USAir, but the fifth,'' Tina Dale said before she boarded a USAir flight from La Guardia Airport to Fort Lauderdale, Fla., Friday.
La Viete sank in a hurricane in 1802 before i 
La Viete sank in a hurricane in 1802 before it could deliver reinforcements to Gen.
What's more, the Optima True Grace Card -- no, salvation is not included -- offers a ``true'' grace period before the interest monster starts chewing, rather than having interest start on the day of purchase for those who keep a balance.
La Viete sank in a hurricane in 1802 before it could deliver reinforcements to Gen.
``Whenever this happens there's 500 callers, but a month down the road nobody cares,'' said the widow of Thomas Szczur, 42, of Johnstown, Pa., dissolving into tears before hanging up.
``It was 2:30 a.m. before we had actual confirmation.
But five of those were last season, before eight starters graduated from the defense.
Shank, who lived most of her life in Houston, moved to Shepherd with her husband, Raymond, in 1985 to a home they had built on 3 1/2 acres purchased years before as income property.
``Guys like Cabal are trying to make as much money as they can before they get caught.'' 
Vogt said nine witnesses to the crash had been interviewed, and all agreed that nothing fell off the plane in flight, there were no fires before the crash, and the plane fell almost straight down.
At the evening press conference, Vogt of the safety board said the crew was finishing a three-day circuit of flight that had begin in Jacksonville, Fla., and took the plane to Charlotte, N.C., and Chicago before traveling to Pittsburgh and West Palm Beach, Fla.
Beaver County Coroner Wayne Tatalovich said it would be at least a week before all passengers and crew are positively identified.
But if we don't make a deal to improve our team before the season starts, then I'm not going to use the salary cap as an excuse.'' The Knicks hope to sign guard Ron Harper within the next two weeks, but more changes are expected before the regular season begins Nov.
But the Knicks are wary of trading Anthony before they see how Doc Rivers recovers from reconstructive surgery on his left knee.
I just like to play the game of basketball.'' The Knicks just hope they can find some more offensive players before the season begins.
``I think this shows that candidates are heavily reliant on huge contributions from special-interest groups with major financial interests before the state government,'' said Eric Lorenzini, the group's executive director.
Bombardier expects to begin work even before the base is closed and is scheduled to deliver the first cars in March 1996.
Officials from the three departments, which normally operate independently, said they had been working together even before Cuomo's plea.
The Democratic Party organization in the Bronx is backing Engel, 47, a former New York City school teacher and lawyer, who spent a decade as an assemblyman before he was elected to Congress in 1988, replacing Mario Biaggi, who was convicted of bribery in the Wedtech defense contract scandal.
``It was the same response we have heard many times before,'' Pursley said.
The flight patterns before each crash were very similar, Miller said.
That and the fact the Matadors must play before 20,000 fiercely loyal fans on (blue) artificial turf works against Northridge.
``This plan is a disaster,'' Mathis said before the board.
Community reaction to the decision was mixed, but legal experts said the decision accurately reflects the facts prosecutors have before them, Simpson's reputation and his lack of an extensive criminal history.
Los Angeles County District Attorney Gil Garcetti, who sanctioned the findings of the seven-member committee that weighs whether to seek death sentences for accused killers before trial, issued a statement that gave no reason for his decision to waive a possible death penalty.
Lead defense attorney Robert Shapiro told The Associated Press that his office did not appear before the committee although there was an invitation to do so.
It will be months, at the least, before investigators determine the cause of the crash with any certainty, although Vogt said Friday night that they already had evidence that the plane's two engines were functioning normally when it smashed into an area of dense woods.
According to the accounts of witnesses, the Boeing 737 turned over abruptly before plummeting, diving to earth with such force that nothing was left but bits and pieces scattered around a compact, smoldering crater.
-- The pilots gave air traffic controllers no warning of any problem in the minutes before the crash.
On the evidence of Thursday night's concert, and of many concerts heard before, the orchestra still has a long way to go.
His audience showed its good will with a standing ovation before a note of music was heard.
``The huge success of developing countries in Asia has created certain highly positive visions of the benefits of getting your economic house in order that are much greater than ever existed before,'' remarked Lawrence H.
``The pope got what he wanted even before his delegates arrived in the Egyptian capital,'' Valli said.
Later, when the game resumed, Spalding admitted to playing ``two games -- baseball and bluff.'' That's something to think about as we couch down this autumn before pro football's major-league monopoly of our attentions.
Later, when the game resumed, Spalding admitted to playing ``two games -- baseball and bluff.'' That's something to think about as we couch down this autumn before pro football's major-league monopoly of our attentions.
``We want to see how it works first before we expand it to all LEARN schools,'' Jones said.
But even before those data are available, mathematicians can analyze the string of disasters with the tools of statistical analysis.
Dr. Arnold Barnett, a professor of operations research and statistics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, said that airline crashes are so rare that ``roughly speaking, if you were to board a jet flight at random every day, it would take 26,000 years on average before you succumb to a major crash.'' Although that safety record sounds phenomenal, almost too good to be real, Barnett says that many people have exaggerated notions of the dangers of flying in part because of the ways airplane crashes are publicized.
And before the delegates could spend their last night in the shadow of the Pyramids, an influential band of Catholics, the Christian Coalition and other religious conservatives in Washington let go with the first battle cry -- vowing to fight in Congress any international aid that might pay for abortions.
And before the delegates could spend their last night in the shadow of the Pyramids, an influential band of Catholics, the Christian Coalition and other religious conservatives in Washington let go with the first battle cry -- vowing to fight in Congress any international aid that might pay for abortions.
The government moved against satellite dishes last October, prompted by the growing popularity of Star TV, the Hong Kong-based satellite service that had been purchased only weeks before by Rupert Murdoch, the media baron.
The president has, in fact, reinvented himself along these lines before.
During that period, Syria would be tested on its commitment to peace, as Egypt was in the early 1980's before it got Sinai back.
Clinton, who traveled to Taiwan five times before he became president, has reaffirmed the ``one China'' policy that American presidents have adhered to since 1949.
Throw in that Ryan and the Cardinals are 0-1 and that the Giants have never played in Arizona before November, and you can see why Reeves is a little worried.
``It will be difficult to stop it now because there was fear of him before, but now the people don't fear him at all,'' he said.
Testifying in July before a Congressional committee investigating health care fraud, Ms. Smith said: ``Even though my medical records were fully documented with the classic physical characteristics and symptoms of cervical cancer, no doctor or medical practitioner associated with my H.M.O. or its lab ever made the correct diagnosis.'' Three Pap smears and three biopsies were performed.
Eventually, the 200 ads became 400, then peaked at 700 in 1992 before settling to the current 500.
Clinton, who traveled to Taiwan five times before he became president, has reaffirmed the ``one China'' policy that U.S. presidents have adhered to since 1949.
``Had this deal gone sour, I think it would have been the kiss of death of American interest in this country.'' In the end, United Meridian won out over its French rival, but not before what many said was rare countervailing support from the State Department and Energy Department in Washington.
Also not before Bouygues was itself awarded a contract to go ahead with its gas turbines, which will be fueled from the American-developed field.
You think it's going to happen every year, and then you go five years before you're in the playoffs again, and then you realize you're running out of shots.'' Now, if Clifton does go back to the playoffs, it could be with someone else working the middle.
Both were speaking to audiences they had addressed before.
The very word ``baseball'' defines it now as never before.
Montana won four Super Bowl championships with the 49ers before being traded to the Chiefs.
Young had been Montana's understudy for three years before elbow surgery forced Montana out of the lineup in 1991.
The rookie free agent from California signed with the Jets after the draft, went through training camp and preseason and was cut by New York before the season started.
West was the starter before Harris.
Some attributed the Chinese success to the coaching of Kris Korzeniowski, who had been the U.S. Olympic men's sweep coach the year before.
Thomas Auth, a New York Athletic Club oarsman in the men's U.S. lightweight quad, has been to world championships before, but the thrill remains.
She had carried out an en route inspection the day before.
In 1980, the Senate Judiciary Committee demanded a management study before it would appropriate any money.
I thought I was in another country.'' But before long the old El Salvador re-emerged, the dealer said, when narcotics detectives beat him bloody during interrogation after he bribed a judge to dismiss the charges.
Jordan drove his glossy black 911 Porsche -- ``AIR 1,'' read the license plate -- through a swelling crowd of maybe 1,000 gathered outside the arena before the game as cameras went off and the mob cheered wildly.
Jordan obliged by backing Pippen in before hitting a beautiful arching fadeaway from the right side.
``The game of basketball will always be a part of me,'' Jordan said before he left.
When things didn't work out, I decided just before the Masters this year to go back to Hank.'' Haney, who runs the Hank Haney Golf Ranch in McKinney, Tex., north of Dallas, knows O'Meara's game and psychological makeup as well as anyone.
``I've got to just slowly chip away at it, walk before I jog, jog before I run.
``The only fly in the ointment is that some fruit is dropping prematurely before it can be picked,'' said Craig Telgheder, fruit agent of the Extension Service in Columbia County.
And before the delegates could spend their last night in the shadow of the Pyramids, an influential band of Catholics, the Christian Coalition and other religious conservatives in Washington let go with the first battle cry -- vowing to fight in Congress any international aid that might pay for abortions.
And before the delegates could spend their last night in the shadow of the Pyramids, an influential band of Catholics, the Christian Coalition and other religious conservatives in Washington let go with the first battle cry -- vowing to fight in Congress any international aid that might pay for abortions.
Standing before the judge last week, Warren recalled that the council's president, Judah Gribetz, was also the head of the judicial selection committee that had earlier recommended Trager for the bench.
JUDGE OPENS 7 MORE PUBLIC SCHOOLS IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA WASHINGTON  (BC-DEECEE-SCHOOLS-NYT) A Superior Court judge here on Saturday approved the reopening of seven more public schools, leaving 11 schools still closed because of fire code violations two days before students return.
King grew up in Hamilton, learning to skate on makeshift neighborhood rinks as a youngster before starring for the local Junior A team as a 16-year-old.
I get to see my dad, some of my friends will come down and bang on the glass and I get to have a quick visit before we play the game.'' It was in Hamilton that King honed the skills that would lead to him become a first-round selection of the Islanders in the 1985 National Hockey League entry draft.
And it's been quiet.'' One of the reasons is because Islanders general manager Don Maloney wants to take a good look at what he has in camp before he makes any deals.
There is renewed speculation about a management lockout if no agreement is in place before opening night of the regular season, Oct.
Several military police were injured and hundreds of Cuban escaped, before being captured.
They had two children, Ainka and Alani, before divorcing in the late 1970s.
But in this last, critical recess before Congress returns for the final business of the legislative year, Bingaman says that while some constituents were frustrated, many were actually relieved by the collapse of the health care effort.
``There's been enough confusion sown around the issue that I don't see a major push for us to just get something done in order to get something before the break,'' he said in an interview last week.
``People have been confused by the television and the debate and they're very ready to see a good first step.'' But other lawmakers said they did not sense a great push from the public to act before Congress adjourns in October.
Bob Kerrey, D-Neb., said that after a substantial advertising campaign by the insurance industry and other opponents, ``a majority of Nebraskans now oppose most of the proposals before Congress.'' In fact, the sharply polarized nature of the health care debate has left its mark around the country.
Moran had been to Shelter Plus before.
LOBBYING The prospects are much better for legislation now before a House-Senate conference committee that would tighten the laws on registration and disclosure by lobbyists and restrict the gifts and other favors lawmakers could accept.
The prevailing view is that a compromise will be reached and that the bill will become law before the end of the year.
Then he struck out at the president, perhaps more harshly than ever before in a public setting, abandoning his usual leavening of humor.
He went on to suggest that Clinton was considering an invasion as part of a ``rotten'' plan to boost his image before the fall election, adding that if the president decided to use military force, the military should use saturation bombing for several days before sending any troops ashore.
The governor's recent actions have also made Chiles seem almost prescient on the issue; long before the refugee influx reached crisis proportions, he sued the federal government for costs associated with the immigrants.
The year before, the American League champion Pilgrims had defeated the Pittsburgh Pirates five games to three in the first World Series of the 20th century.
The dead ball era had many years before its end.
``It is so difficult for them,'' she said on the second day of school before beginning a day of testing.
``Maybe I'm playing better than I did in past years or the other guys are playing worse than they did before,'' said Stich, whose best previous Open result was a 1991 quarterfinal in which he bowed to Ivan Lendl.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) ``I'm staying at the back, try to play four, five, six shots and then pick the ball to come into net and be aggressive, not like I used to do the years before,'' said the German, whose haste to reach the net often resulted in unforced errors and easy passing plays for perceptive counterpunchers.
Compounding the problem, American intelligence experts fear that the most violent wave of attacks by the Haitian military against anti-Aristide groups, as well as possible reprisals by pro-Aristide groups, would take place in the opening hours and days of the invasion, well before any Haitian police force could be trained and installed.
In the 1980s, the Sierra Club's Virginia chapter demanded that the Energy Department prepare an environmental impact statement before accepting any more shipments.
The plane in that accident had experienced rudder problems in the days just before the crash, and the safety board and the aviation agency have therefore continued to look closely at rudder problems in the Boeing 737.
The rudder mechanism on the USAir jet had been inspected three times since March, most recently about 100 flights before the crash, Riggin said in a telephone interview.
15, 1992, two days before the European Union.
``I have knocked at every door.'' After leaving the airport, the pope went by car to the city center, where he was greeted by enthusiastic crowds before entering Zagreb Cathedral for an evening Mass attended by priests, monks and nuns.
With his proposal, Giuliani has tapped a welling anger over the proliferation of adult video stores and topless bars in neighborhoods where they had rarely been before -- from the Upper East Side of Manhattan to Rego Park in Queens.
Appearing before an adult video store in Queens, where new shops met vociferous protests for more than a year, Giuliani said the city needed ``reasonable regulations'' to halt the spread of ``sex shops'' in places where New Yorkers and their children live.
In the 1970s, when the number of adult businesses had grown from 9 in 1965 to 151 in 1976 before tapering off slightly in the 1980s, similar legislation withered under intense opposition from liberals as well as residents in neighborhoods where the shops would still be allowed.
Because Bell had suffered a back injury in a car accident before the briefcase injury, his case should have been referred to the Second Injury Fund, Stephan said.
An internal Department of Administration memo released last month showed that even before Bell received his award, he had indicated to state officials that he wanted his payments to come from the Self-Insurance Fund.
``He made that known years or months before this (briefcase) incident happened,'' Bennett said.
If the message is heeded -- as it likely will be by Democrats and Republicans alike -- two things are likely to happen before the 1996 election.
It always was our habit, just before the turn to autumn, to slip away to the mountains for a week, sometimes longer.
AS PRIMARY NEARS, BARRY RUNS HARD WASHINGTON  (BC-DEECEE-MAYOR-NYT) In the final weekend before a Democratic primary virtually certain to produce the District of Columbia's next mayor, Marion S.
With so little time before the primary, Barry's biggest problem could be expanding his support base beyond its solid core.
``So here's this man who can come back to be better than he was before he went down, and so they say, `God, maybe I'll decide to stop feeling sorry for myself right here.
A computer study of campaign contributions by The New York Times showed that as of 11 days before the primary on Tuesday the lawyers had contributed more than $910,000 of the $2.7 million raised in more than 1,800 separate contributions.
The contributions to all four candidates in the Democratic primary come from partners at large corporate-law firms in Manhattan, real-estate firms that represent clients who have cases pending before the attorney general, lawyers who oppose the attorney general in the Court of Claims and negligence lawyers with crucial legislative interests.
Koppell said he printed a warning on his solicitations stating that he does not accept contributions from anyone with matters pending before his office and advises fund-raising helpers about potential conflicts, especially with developers, and has a committee of volunteer lawyers who scrutinize each contribution.
Sanchez Vicario even found herself down a break, trailing 2-1 in the second set, before she began to find her counter-puncher's rhythm in the fourth game.
The truth of the matter is that Graf never did call for Stroia again, and Sanchez Vicario's game stiffened before Graf's back.
And the Cadets threatened on the other two possesions, driving to the Holy Cross 40 twice before Makovec was, first, intercepted and then misfired on a fourth-and-5 situation.
``She said he used to beat her with a belt.'' Lisa still cries in the morning before school, Mrs.
Because the owners, revealing their truest motives more so than at any moment before that, did not even attempt to find a way to get that shortfall covered by the players.
Ms. Norden was also an architect and worked for the firms of Paul Segal, Richard Dattner and Charles Boxenbaum in New York City before joining the arts council in 1985.
A lower court ruled in favor of Ms. Walker, arguing that there had been no fact-finding or due process before the fine had been imposed.
Associations, he noted, may also need to review their due-process procedures to be sure that, before imposing a fine, they have notified the individual in writing that a rule has been violated, that they have given the violator every opportunity to cure the wrongdoing and that they have given that person the opportunity to appear before an internal fact-finding panel.
A third driver reported that, about the same time the day before, ``He was traveling northbound on the Meadowbrook Parkway exit ramp to Old Country Road when he heard gunshots to his right and received a flat on the inside of his left rear tire,'' the sergeant said.
Minutes before, more than 30 shots were fired into the Baldwin auto body shop owned by Joseph Buttafuoco, who gained notoriety in 1992 after his wife was shot and wounded by Amy Fisher, a teen-ager with whom he had had an affair.
A few days before the family left, Brian told his best friend, Scott Serene, that he would probably miss the first day of classes at Upper St. Clair High School.
Lucas completed a 4-yard scoring pass to Jason Curry, a third-string tight end who had never caught a varsity pass before, and Eddie Duborg kicked the conversion for a 7-6 Scarlet Knights lead.
Why not set crucial academic goals and social value objectives, and then give students the time and freedom to master those ``outcomes'' before they graduate?
Travis Heights was able to build a consensus for such changes in its tight neighborhood before the issue became a national controversy.
Research indicates that retaining students at any point in their education dramatically increases the likelihood that they will drop out before graduating from high school.
Students, depending on their ability, can spend one or two years in any level before moving on, and no one feels as if he or she is being held back, school officials said.
Concerned Women for America, for example, says that emphasizing future work skills turns children into ``merchandise to be manipulated for market needs.'' Travis Heights provides time for the slowest learner to build skills and self-esteem; outcomes are to be mastered by the fourth grade, not necessarily before.
The loose ball was recovered by Michigan linebacker Steve Morrison, and the Irish drive was ended before it really had a chance toy begin.
General B.'' The sophomore, who grew up in Zaire before his family moved to Montreal, prefers to be called Tshimanga (pronounced Ti-MONG-ah).
``Of course, he prefers to remain anonymous.'' On a crisp fall afternoon about 10 years ago, the Kansas football team was kneeling in prayer on the sideline just before kickoff in Boulder, Colo., when one of the Jayhawks suddenly looked up and said, ``Here comes the buffalo.'' Startled, his teammates glanced up and met the gaze of Ralphie -- Colorado's 1,200-pound mascot, who was headed their way at approximately 25 mph, handlers chasing behind in futile pursuit.
Several years ago, a mascot called Ragnar broke out of its pen and went on a rampage, destroying property on several surrounding farms before it was finally shot by authorities.
Hamilton kicked the game-winner and three other field goals -- and his team benefited greatly from his first kick that was blocked -- as the No.6 Wolverines shocked No.3 Notre Dame (1-1), 26-24, yesterday before 59,075 in Notre Dame Stadium.
She won her second French Open title in June, and she also made it to the final of the Australian Open in January before losing to Graf.
Graf saved two match points before floating a backhand serve return a couple of inches past the baseline.
Lewis, the Olympic silver medalist behind Evans in 1992, made up nearly a second in the last 100 meters, and, in the end, Evans's right hand touched the wall just 9-100ths of a second before Lewis's left hand.
I've been through these losses before.'' In the two seasons plus two games since Johnson has been the full-time starter, USC has lost seven times by more than a touchdown.
``Not like I used to do the years before, try to come in as fast as I could, and just rushing a lot of balls and making a lot of unforced errors.'' Like Agassi, Stich's Wimbledon title was supposed to signal the beginning of an outstanding career.
Sanchez Vicario, No.2 in the Women's Tennis Association computer rankings, eloquently stated her case yesterday on the stadium court at the National Tennis Center by defeating Graf in the final of the U.S. Open before 21,045 spectators.
You'd be running with him and he'd turn the jets on.'' Flanigan, a 6-foot-2 sophomore, gave UCLA quite a scare before the 13th-ranked Bruins (2-0) held on for a 17-10 win over SMU (0-2) Saturday at the Rose Bowl.
A NEW PULLIG PULLS THE TRIGGER AT A COLLEGE STATION, Texas  (BC-FBC-LEBRETON-COLUMN-TEX) Twelve months before, Corey Pullig had trudged off the football field at Norman, Okla., half-buried by the burden of a 44-14 defeat.
In the days before yesterday's 36-14 A&M rout of Oklahoma, linebacker Antonio Armstrong had cornered the team's starting quarterback and announced his expectations.
It was as if head coach R.C. Slocum was handing the offense's keys to Pullig before every game with a fatherly warning: Bring it home in one piece.
I was in a daze most of the time.'' SMU took a 3-0 lead in the second quarter and, on its next possession, drove to UCLA's 4-yard line before missing a field goal.
Flanigan ran for 14 and 13 yards and completed two passes before sneaking a yard on fourth-and-1 at UCLA's 4-yard line.
Richardson, an eighth-round draft choice in 1992, had thrown four NFL passes before getting some mop-up work last week.
Boise State added one more touchdown in the closing seconds to hand the Matadors a 40-19 season-opening loss before 19,489 at Bronco Stadium.
Boise State added one more touchdown in the closing seconds to hand the Matadors a 40-19 season-opening loss before 19,489 at Bronco Stadium.
Boise State added one more touchdown in the closing seconds to hand the Matadors a 40-19 season-opening loss before 19,489 at Bronco Stadium.
............8...........31 	(Island/Dell, $6.99.) Just before he 	kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
Eritrea not only passed the general tests, but had been a separate state, under Italian rule, before the Second World War.
While the rest of Somalia has sunk back into the lawlessness that prevailed before the Americans intervened there, in Somaliland President Mohamed Egal has established a working administration and a (fragile) peace.
Its boundaries, as with those in next-door Burundi, are pre-colonial: both kingdoms were forged several centuries before the Europeans showed up in these central African hills.
Eritrea not only passed the general tests, but had been a separate state, under Italian rule, before the Second World War.
While the rest of Somalia has sunk back into the lawlessness that prevailed before the Americans intervened there, in Somaliland President Mohamed Egal has established a working administration and a (fragile) peace.
Its boundaries, as with those in next-door Burundi, are pre-colonial: both kingdoms were forged several centuries before the Europeans showed up in these central African hills.
The winner of that will face the daunting task of uniting the party and raising the necessary millions of dollars in the mere month that remains before election day.
The winner of that will face the daunting task of uniting the party and raising the necessary millions of dollars in the mere month that remains before election day.
The winner of that will face the daunting task of uniting the party and raising the necessary millions of dollars in the mere month that remains before election day.
She vowed to go on working, although she said she hoped she would know when to stop, ``before they have to get the hook.'' The Academy Award came one year after she won an Emmy for her performance in the television adaptation of ``Foxfire,'' of which her husband was a co-writer.
The rave reviews brought Williams to Los Angeles from New York, where he was casting his new play, ``A Streetcar Named Desire.'' He wrote in his ``Memoirs,'' ``It was instantly apparent to me that Jessica was Blanche.'' The play, co-starring Marlon Brando in the role of Stanley Kowalski and Kim Hunter as Blanche's sister, Stella, won rapturous reviews, a Pulitzer Prize and the Drama Critics Circle Award and ran for more than two years on Broadway before going on a national tour.
Each has plugged in a new hospital show at 10 p.m. Thursdays, where NBC's ``L.A. Law'' was long the couch jurors' choice before it aired closing arguments last spring.
In most markets, ABC affiliates will air ``Coach'' and the new sitcom ``Blue Skies'' either before or after the games.
However, House Republican Whip Newt Gingrich, R-Ga., doesn't want to approve any subsidies before the Nov.
And subtlety has gone out of the culture.'' The movie deals with three men whose lives were irrevocably changed by the scandal surrounding one of the most popular shows on television in the late 1950s, ``Twenty-One.'' The scandal broke when a former contestant accused the show's most popular guest, Charles Van Doren, of knowing the answers to questions beforehand and participating in a fraud.
Van Doren, a Columbia University English instructor and a member of one of the nation's most renowned literary families, had emerged before the scandal as a charming American folk hero whose picture had appeared on the covers of Time and Newsweek.
However, House Republican Whip Newt Gingrich, R-Ga., doesn't want to approve any subsidies before the Nov.
The other camp argues that the recovery is being cut short way before damaging inflation might occur -- and before it could raise wages and living standards.
``The Fed always wants to slow growth before the inflation comes, but it is not an exact science.'' The Federal Reserve's method of dealing with a growing economy grew out of policies and practices developed in the early postwar decades, when the American economy was more self-contained.
But they did find that they could sell vehicles this summer without the rebates and discounts usually used to sell off this year's models before next year's are introduced in the fall.
As he poked at the fruit, Mandela recalled the paternal scolding he had delivered Wednesday night before to one of his closest allies, the Congress of South African Trade Unions.
(MORE)  But probably none of them has the weight to say what Mandela said the night before to the unionists, and to expect the respectful hearing he got.
When he upbraided the labor leaders the day before, he did not mention an additional reason that their militancy has worried him.
Mandela steps before the reporters and ducks a question about whether he will attend the Shaka Day ceremony.
The night before Mandela sat up late with his minister of safety and security, listening to horror stories about the spread of crime syndicates and the low morale of the police force.
``The concept of a government of national unity has not sifted down to the grass roots,'' Mandela said before lunch, speaking of his caucus.
The scale of these abuses, documented in court records and described by some of those involved, has never come to public attention before now.
But court papers show that even before the promotion a Ghanaian immigration broker had enticed Mrs.
Last week at Dart's headquarters in Landover, Md., Ronald and his father maneuvered to unseat each other as the company's chief officers, before agreeing to create a special executive committee that would take control.
The new round of family bloodletting has fed hopes on Wall Street that before long Dart's properties will be available for purchase.
Many researchers said they thought the decision, waiving a requirement that drugs be proved clinically effective before being licensed, was unwise.
``A long time ago, I felt like you had to see through the complete development of a drug before you released it,'' he said.
In response to pressure from AIDS advocates, drug companies already routinely give out AIDS drugs to 10,000 or more patients before approval.
There is no evidence that the drug delays illness or death.'' But Medd said: ``We've moved ahead at least in being able to make available another drug that wasn't available before.
``He built tension, teased the contestants and he really knew game shows and the language of games.'' And in a further effort to insure cultural sensitivity, Ms. Linde asked Dr. Alvin Poussaint, a professor of psychiatry at the Harvard Medical School and a former consultant on ``The Cosby Show,'' to check questions for cultural bias before they made their way onto the program.
They are, instead, talking largely about the need for Clinton, a Democrat, simply to ``consult'' with Congress before any invasion.
Foley and Gephardt each said it was incumbent on Bush to seek a declaration of war before sending any American troops into combat.
``It appears that this is a classic case where the administration must come to Congress ask for a declaration of war or an explicit action like President Bush obtained before Operation Desert Storm,'' he said.
She vowed to go on working, although she said she hoped she would know when to stop, ``before they have to get the hook.'' The Academy Award came one year after she won an Emmy for her performance in the television adaptation of ``Foxfire,'' of which her husband was a co-writer.
The rave reviews brought Williams to Los Angeles from New York, where he was casting his new play, ``A Streetcar Named Desire.'' He wrote in his ``Memoirs,'' ``It was instantly apparent to me that Jessica was Blanche.'' The play, co-starring Marlon Brando in the role of Stanley Kowalski and Kim Hunter as Blanche's sister, Stella, won rapturous reviews, a Pulitzer Prize and the Drama Critics Circle Award and ran for more than two years on Broadway before going on a national tour.
In November, just before the vote, half a dozen members of Johnson's union visited workers at the G.E. plant, known locally as Compania Armadora, to boast of their $16-an-hour average wages, as well as their cars and homes.
At a meeting three days before, she said, the plant's personnel director scowled about the union materials circulating on the plant floor and asked anyone active with the union to raise a hand.
``They will send rice and beans and potatoes.'' G.E. has protested the decision of the Washington labor panel to hear complaints about dismissals that go back to November, before the trade pact took effect.
Henry Bonilla, against the bill, which Congress passed just before it adjourned for vacation.
In a memorandum earlier this summer, even before it became clear that health care was probably a dead issue for this session, Stanley Greenberg, the president's chief pollster, suggested that Democratic candidates emphasize the bill.
Still, a very steep uphill path lies before them.
Mitchell of Maine, the majority leader, and Chafee think they can come up with before taking a position on their efforts.
He said that when he last saw the president on Labor Day, ``What he told me was `Go ahead and do the best you can, and then I'll take a look at the results.' And I think that's the approach he ought to take.'' Even before Mitchell sits down on Wednesday with Chafee, who will return to Washington only after his primary on Tuesday, a campaign is underway to define their work as inevitably inadequate.
Mitchell's bill, which is technically before the Senate but is not going anywhere, has $48 billion in it for long-term care for the elderly and handicapped, while the mainstream proposal has only $10 billion.
``It's hard to imagine,'' he said in a statement, ``that there will be enough time for both chambers to examine, debate and pass an original bill, for a conference committee to produce a final product and for both houses to vote on a final bill before Congress leaves town.'' But the current hope is for the Senate to act first, the House to act on the Senate bill, perhaps considering a few amendments on the floor, then not necessarily taking the time to go to conference, a step especially vulnerable to stalling tactics.
At this moment, they are legally authorized to do so.'' Reflecting the surge in departures of the mostly unmotorized craft after the agreement, U.S. Coast Guard ships patrolling beyond the 12-mile limit of Cuban territorial waters picked up 551 people on Saturday, up from 177 on the stormy day before.
``I think he was a lot older in his career before, you know, people started overwhelmingly pulling for him,'' Agassi said.
``In general, indoor staking is much safer than outdoor skating because the surface is so specialized -- smoother and more regularized, no obstacles, and floor attendants who are always working public sessions to assure there is no roughhousing or fast skating.'' Precautions established at rinks include: Nathanson advised parents to carefully watch the motion of other babies in strollers before partaking in the activity with their own children.
 (BC-BANKING-BILL-2NDTAKE-NYT) Senate rules make it possible for one member to block legislation, particularly in the days before Congress adjourns for elections.
``Pisces Iscariot,'' a collection of B-sides and rarities from Smashing Pumpkins, is also due next month, along with Joni Mitchell's ``Turbulent Indigo'' and Roberta Flack's ``Roberta.'' Nirvana fans can expect an early November release for the band's ``Unplugged'' set, taped for MTV less than a year before lead singer Kurt Cobain's suicide.
Of that list, Krumholtz said, ``Carey will be huge.'' Not yet given a release date is ``Vitalogy,'' the latest effort from Pearl Jam, expected on music-store shelves before Christmas.
Even before the tariff cut, U.S. officials had predicted that exports to Brazil would jump by 25 percent this year.
For those who caught the show before its abrupt closing in late June, it's an evocative memento.
``This one stands on its own for me; winning it has its own place to me,'' said Agassi, who came this close once before but failed in 1990 when 19-year-old Pete Sampras creamed him in a straight-set final to become the youngest champion in Open history.
But to protect his interests in a city where Democrats far outnumber Republicans, she said, Giuliani benefits from insisting on specifics before endorsing a Republican candidate.
The advertisement ran just before a debate between President Gerald R.
They have a great defense and our turnovers certainly didn't help anything.'' And just what did he say to Montana before the game?
He played every offensive snap of this season before he was injured.
Last month the professors wrote Clinton urging him, ``as a former professor of constitutional law, to respect the important constitutional principles of meaningful consultation and prior congressional approval before engaging in war making.'' Some congressional Democrats, afraid to decide the Haiti question, have told Clinton not to ask Congress.
However, it was later learned that two weeks before the crucial congressional vote last November, U.S. Treasury officials helped arrange what in total was a $12 billion line of credit to support the Mexican peso in case the controversial trade plan was defeated.
One high-ranking Mexican finance official, who did not want to be identified because he said the European banks were not eager to have information about the deal exposed, said the terms of the pre-election contingency plan were similar to what had been struck last fall before the NAFTA vote.
Just before lunch, he discussed the budget with his Vice Presidents, Thabo Mbeki, left, and F.
Just before lunch, he discussed the budget with his Vice Presidents, Thabo Mbeki, left, and F.
Just before lunch, he discussed the budget with his Vice Presidents, Thabo Mbeki, left, and F.
The Jets' 14-10 lead was eroded a second before the half ended, when Elam booted a 21-yard field goal.
I've never seen a situation like this before, where if you win, you are immediately tarred with doing something crooked.
Finland had never won a medal at the world championships before but ended up winning two gold and two silver.
They are, instead, talking largely about the need for Clinton, a Democrat, simply to ``consult'' with Congress before any invasion.
Foley and Gephardt each said it was incumbent on Bush to seek a declaration of war before sending any American troops into combat.
``It appears that this is a classic case where the administration must come to Congress ask for a declaration of war or an explicit action like President Bush obtained before Operation Desert Storm,'' he said.
But the chance to golf with a celebrity like Kenny Rogers the day before drew many takers.
This is the time of Nick, and he showed why when -- seconds before Calcavecchia's eagle -- he launched a 2-iron shot at the 16th hole for 217 yards away.
I don't know if they're listening, but they better, or this season is going down the tubes.'' Russell Copeland's 32-yard kickoff return started Buffalo's winning drive, then the Bills moved from their 43 to the New England 14 before Steve Christie kicked the game-winning 32-yard field goal with 56 second left.
The Cowboys cornerback had caught this act before, in college, and Smith wasn't the least bit thrilled to see No. 7 in Columbia blue trotting out to start Sunday's Dallas-Houston game at Texas Stadium.
Few athletes have grown up so impressively before our eyes.
And he did ``Truth or Consequences'' before that.
And, when it was over, the 49ers were nursing an even longer injury list than beforehand.
One of Thomas' sacks, beating Boatswain, gave the Chiefs a safety just before halftime and contributed to a major momentum shift.
We had a pretty good game plan, but it didn't hold up.'' That may be so, but before the 49ers play the Rams next week at Anaheim, they will need to find a way to better protect Young, no matter who is available on the line.
Then, just before halftime, Seifert orchestrated a strange series with first down at the Chiefs' 30 and 25 seconds to go: A running play for five yards, an intentional, incomplete pass to stop the clock, then a 43-yard field goal try on third down with 11 seconds to go.
``I thought it was clear to everyone that I was trying to stop (before hitting Aikman),'' Robinson said.
The message goes well beyond Ms. Weeks and her boss, Martin Greenstein, for whom she worked only 25 days in 1991 before resigning and finding work elsewhere.
``I've never been the MVP of a tournament of this stature before,'' he said.
``Pornography has moved from the central business district to the neighborhoods.'' From the late 1970s, the number of X-rated businesses in the Times Square area fell from an all-time high of about 140 to a low of 36 before rising recently to 43 establishments, according to the Times Square Business Improvement District.
``(The Oilers) did a nice job of mixing things up, but it wasn't any thing we hadn't seen before,'' a terse Aikman said.
In Aubrey's years at MGM, which had sunk into debt before he arrived there, he did much to cut costs, overseeing a wide range of retrenchment measures.
Then he worked as an account executive for magazines before moving into radio and then television.
He rose to be a CBS Television network executive vice president before becoming president.
The Cowboys breathed a collective sigh of relief for escaping with a 20-17 victory and ruining quarterback Bucky Richardson's starting debut before a crowd of 64,402.
In my mind, the best thing to come out of this game is that we fought so hard right up until the end.'' Richardson, who was named the starter over the injured Cody Carlson before the game, completed 20 of 42 passes for 242 yards.
The deal was part of the settlement that followed the departure of Keenan, who said the Rangers breached his coaching contract before he took a job as general manager and coach of the Blues.
Although he is from Liberec in the Czech Republic, he played for Canada last winter in the Olympics before joining the Blues in a late-season, free-agent signing that was followed by an exchange of players in compensation.
Rodney Rash said User Friendly, 0 for 3 on U.S. turf after her third to Sandpit on Saturday, will have one more race before trying to get into the Breeders' Cup.
It was a feeling many of the Seattle Seahawks hadn't experienced since, well, before they were Seattle Seahawks.
And, as a team, the Giants kept their poise before a national television audience.
The Giants were hoping Brown would be able to take the heat and find the open man before getting smashed.
Receiver Tim Brown was a few feet to his left, saying, no, it was his fault the Raiders were beaten 38-9 before 47,319 fans at the Coliseum.
Here, too, the investigators cautioned that before examining the parts they had no concrete evidence suggesting that the rudder was involved in this accident.
Did you shave before the show?'' He wished he could share the wealth with his comrades on the show -- especially Jason Alexander, nominated in the same category.
On the opposite end of the spectrum, an excited Dan Reeves called the victory before a national television audience one of the best of his career.
KINGS GET PUNCH AND SAVE SHOW FROM TOP PICKS  (BC-HKN-KINGS-DUCKS-LADN) Storr, the team's first-round draft pick three months ago, needed to turn aside only 16 shots in the Kings' 3-2 exhibition victory over the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim before 8,127 at the San Diego Sports Arena.
He emerged as a starter the next season before the foot injury.
``And if you did something wrong, before you got home your mother knew about it and you were in for it.'' When asked what he meant by ``something wrong,'' he recalled the risky nature of a favorite street game.
ALTERED STATES: RAIDERS EXPERIENCE A BAD TRIP AT HOME LOS ANGELES  (BC-FBN-SEAHAWKS-THIEL-SPI) Anyone forecasting before the season that the Seahawks would open 2-0 could expect to be asked: What are you smoking?
Thirdly, by saddling themselves with moral responsibility for the Bosnian Muslim cause, the Americans will have to take steps to defend the Muslims in the months before sufficient weaponry can arrive to make a big difference to the Muslim war effort.
Thirdly, by saddling themselves with moral responsibility for the Bosnian Muslim cause, the Americans will have to take steps to defend the Muslims in the months before sufficient weaponry can arrive to make a big difference to the Muslim war effort.
............8...........31 	(Island/Dell, $6.99.) Just before he 	kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
``The huge success of developing countries in Asia has created certain highly positive visions of the benefits of getting your economic house in order that are much greater than ever existed before,'' remarked Lawrence H.
``The pope got what he wanted even before his delegates arrived in the Egyptian capital,'' Valli said.
The government moved against satellite dishes last October, prompted by the growing popularity of Star TV, the Hong Kong-based satellite service that had been purchased only weeks before by Rupert Murdoch, the media baron.
Later, when the game resumed, Spalding admitted to playing ``two games -- baseball and bluff.'' That's something to think about as we couch down this autumn before pro football's major-league monopoly of our attentions.
But even before those data are available, mathematicians can analyze the string of disasters with the tools of statistical analysis.
Dr. Arnold Barnett, a professor of operations research and statistics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, said that airline crashes are so rare that ``roughly speaking, if you were to board a jet flight at random every day, it would take 26,000 years on average before you succumb to a major crash.'' Although that safety record sounds phenomenal, almost too good to be real, Barnett says that many people have exaggerated notions of the dangers of flying in part because of the ways airplane crashes are publicized.
The president has, in fact, reinvented himself along these lines before.
During that period, Syria would be tested on its commitment to peace, as Egypt was in the early 1980's before it got Sinai back.
But long before Kate and Ultra Slimfast came along, hanging over the lives of every little girl born in the second half of the 20th century was the impossibly curvy shadow (40-18-32 in life-size terms) of Barbie.
She had carried out an en route inspection the day before.
In 1980, the Senate Judiciary Committee demanded a management study before it would appropriate any money.
I planted it about six feet from a crape myrtle that was the centerpiece of my kitchen garden before it died in last winter's freeze.
The scale of these abuses, documented in court records and described by some of those involved, has never come to public attention before now.
But court papers show that even before the promotion a Ghanaian immigration broker had enticed Mrs.
As he poked at the fruit, Mandela recalled the paternal scolding he had delivered Wednesday night before to one of his closest allies, the Congress of South African Trade Unions.
(MORE)  But probably none of them has the weight to say what Mandela said the night before to the unionists, and to expect the respectful hearing he got.
When he upbraided the labor leaders the day before, he did not mention an additional reason that their militancy has worried him.
Mandela steps before the reporters and ducks a question about whether he will attend the Shaka Day ceremony.
The night before Mandela sat up late with his minister of safety and security, listening to horror stories about the spread of crime syndicates and the low morale of the police force.
``The concept of a government of national unity has not sifted down to the grass roots,'' Mandela said before lunch, speaking of his caucus.
In November, just before the vote, half a dozen members of Johnson's union visited workers at the G.E. plant, known locally as Compania Armadora, to boast of their $16-an-hour average wages, as well as their cars and homes.
At a meeting three days before, she said, the plant's personnel director scowled about the union materials circulating on the plant floor and asked anyone active with the union to raise a hand.
``They will send rice and beans and potatoes.'' G.E. has protested the decision of the Washington labor panel to hear complaints about dismissals that go back to November, before the trade pact took effect.
But the chance to golf with a celebrity like Kenny Rogers the day before drew many takers.
Thirdly, by saddling themselves with moral responsibility for the Bosnian Muslim cause, the Americans will have to take steps to defend the Muslims in the months before sufficient weaponry can arrive to make a big difference to the Muslim war effort.
Thirdly, by saddling themselves with moral responsibility for the Bosnian Muslim cause, the Americans will have to take steps to defend the Muslims in the months before sufficient weaponry can arrive to make a big difference to the Muslim war effort.
Eritrea not only passed the general tests, but had been a separate state, under Italian rule, before the Second World War.
While the rest of Somalia has sunk back into the lawlessness that prevailed before the Americans intervened there, in Somaliland President Mohamed Egal has established a working administration and a (fragile) peace.
Its boundaries, as with those in next-door Burundi, are pre-colonial: both kingdoms were forged several centuries before the Europeans showed up in these central African hills.
Eritrea not only passed the general tests, but had been a separate state, under Italian rule, before the Second World War.
While the rest of Somalia has sunk back into the lawlessness that prevailed before the Americans intervened there, in Somaliland President Mohamed Egal has established a working administration and a (fragile) peace.
Its boundaries, as with those in next-door Burundi, are pre-colonial: both kingdoms were forged several centuries before the Europeans showed up in these central African hills.
The winner of that will face the daunting task of uniting the party and raising the necessary millions of dollars in the mere month that remains before election day.
The winner of that will face the daunting task of uniting the party and raising the necessary millions of dollars in the mere month that remains before election day.
The winner of that will face the daunting task of uniting the party and raising the necessary millions of dollars in the mere month that remains before election day.
``...Peleliu became a backwater almost before it was invaded....
I better rush out and recycle before these things pile up.'' And with a rustle of newsprint, he's gone.
Right before I gave birth to our second son, I decided I needed a low-maintenance hair style and had my hair cut -- short.
Try it now, even if you've run the program before.
He also lost an empty tenant house, newly roofed, that sat near the river's bank and a portion of a field, which is so badly damaged that he'll have to haul out tons of sand and haul in topsoil before he can plant again.
In past years, farmers had to lose at least 35 percent of a crop before they could get help.
He decided to fool his owner this time -- by not jumping up! This time, the guest actually entered the house before Fred attempted to jump.
``But,'' he would always add, ``I wouldn't want one of `em in my house.'' Wasn't long before a whole bunch of Atlanta-based Eastern pilots were driving Fords.
Like Marino, George can author a 15-yard completion before the defending cornerback can lift an arm.
The parties are ordered to file on or before Tuesday, October 11, 1994 supplemental briefs addressing the question whether s 12(2) of the 1933 Securities Act applies to secondary transactions as well as to initial offerings of securities.
``There's so much stuff flying here in the Washington area, it's easy to do, come whipping down the Potomac river and be into the White House before anyone could wake up,'' he added.
Just before one crucial vote, Texas Republican Dick Armey turned to his Democratic colleagues in House debate and said, ``Your president is just not that important to us.'' Once, many years ago, attempting to help Eisenhower win approval for one of his initiatives, I said: ``We have only one president at a time.
How many real value-added jobs can the greedy, ``stop-me-before-I-pay-more'' owners or the selfish, striking sultans of avarice claim to have created with their riches, except for a gaggle of high-priced agents and lawyers to extricate them from occasional brushes with domestic and criminal unpleasantness?
While the three candidates continue to bash each other in the final days before Tuesday's Democratic primary -- the only election that matters in Washington -- many voters are more concerned about the sorry state of the city's schools.
Then, in a flash, the car pools are forming, the ubiquitous yellow school bus is being tuned, and before we know it the kids are back in school.
September, not January, still seems to me to be the start of a new year because we spend so much of our lives before adulthood marking our time by the school calendar.
``There's so much stuff flying here in Washington area, it's easy to come whipping down the Potomac river and go into the White House before anyone could wake up -- it's a leadpipe cinch.'' Neil Livingstone, a Washington-based terrorism and security expert who has authored eight books on the subject, said total presidential security is impossible in an open society.
After apparently leaving an airport north of Baltimore, the plane flew south to a point near the Washington monument before make a sharp turn and heading back north, over the White House fence and onto the South Lawn.
The plane tore into the grass of the South Lawn about 50 feet from the White House, leaving deep gouge marks, then smashed through a large magnolia tree before coming to rest against the wall of the White House.
The tapes, dated as recently as January 1993, contain intimate discussions of personal issues -- such as fights at home over money Cisneros was paying to Medlar -- and career-related subjects -- such as his dealings with the FBI before his appointment as secretary of Housing and Urban Development.
``Inside Edition'' focused on Medlar's claim that Cisneros lied to the FBI and to President Clinton about his payments to Medlar when he was interviewed before his appointment.
In most instances, that law will require people convicted twice before of serious or violent felonies to spend 25 years to life if convicted of a third felony.
The country began its recovery from recession earlier than its rivals, the report said -- in fact, long before Clinton became president.
``It's never (happened) before.'' McAnally said Mr Purple, owned by Alex Campbell Jr., will instead be supplemented to the $200,000 Arlington-Washington Futurity, a mile to be run Sept.
This will leave Columbus, Ohio, the champion at 15.75 percent and put New York in the tax neighborhood of Houston, with 15 percent; Chicago, with 14.9, and Cleveland, 14.5. However, before anyone exults in expectation of a general rollback in legislative add-ons, they should know the federal government is about to lay on a $30 surcharge for travelers who want ``expedited'' passports, those issued or renewed in three days or less.
The student must have a clean credit record, an income (either job or allowance) before receiving a card with a credit line of $500.
Reid advises students to shop around for the best credit terms before applying for any card, and to look at the annual fee.
``There's so much stuff flying here in Washington area, it's easy to come whipping down the Potomac river and go into the White House before anyone could wake up -- it's a leadpipe cinch.'' Neil Livingstone, a Washington-based terrorism and security expert who has authored eight books on the subject, said total presidential security is impossible in an open society.
After apparently leaving an airport north of Baltimore, the plane flew south to a point near the Washington monument before make a sharp turn and heading back north, over the White House fence and onto the South Lawn.
The plane tore into the grass of the South Lawn about 50 feet from the White House, leaving deep gouge marks, then smashed through a large magnolia tree before coming to rest against the wall of the White House.
People who cannot find their passports cannot renew by mail but will also save the $30 charge by doing it now, before an emergency.
JUST PECULIAR  (BC-TV-SMITH-COLUMN-TEX) ``On Our Own,'' one of the more peculiar shows of the new season, sneak-previews Tuesday night, before moving to its regular Sunday night slot.
But in his heart, before he takes a single step.
The Food and Drug Administration does recommend washing all fresh fruits and vegetables just before consumption because of the possibility of some kind of pollution, and Alexander said he would also wash vegetables for esthetic reasons.
``Then, washing the product just before use makes sense,'' he said.
The only exception is leafy vegetables, like lettuce, which should be rinsed before storing to help keep them crisp.
The foods should be washed even if they are to be peeled before eating, the FDA says; hearty vegetables with fiber- and nutrient-rich skins should be scrubbed.
But in his heart, before he takes a single step.
Villalpando was vice president of CII, a telecommunications company, before being appointed to the treasurer's post.
Through studies of zoo-living cotton-tops, the scientists have determined that a new cotton-top mother who has had no training in child-rearing before becoming pregnant will end up either killing, abusing or fatally dropping her young.
``It may be advantageous for her to regulate her own fertility and essentially inhibit herself, until the time when conditions are best for her.'' In the wild, the female may need to bide her time for years before she locates a vacancy as colony mother.
Indeed, as much as scientists have come to respect the tamarins' courteous and deliberate ways, they may wish there were a few upstart females willing to buck the rules and start breeding a bit before their time -- and before the time for the cotton-top tamarin is up for good.
That was before remote-controlled robots.
Cleaning is always required beforehand.
``There's so much stuff flying here in Washington area, it's easy to come whipping down the Potomac river and go into the White House before anyone could wake up.
``You cannot wrap the president in absolute cloak of security.'' After apparently leaving an airport north of Baltimore, the plane flew into the Washington area south toward downtown along 17th Street to a point near the Washington monument before making a sharp turn and heading back north, over the White House fence and onto the South Lawn.
The aircraft tore into the grass of the South Lawn about 50 feet from the White House, leaving deep gouge marks, then smashed through a large magnolia tree before coming to rest against the wall of the White House adjacent to the presidential doctor's office.
At an afternoon White House briefing, Secret Service Agent Carl Meyer said uniformed White House guards were able to warn the Secret Service command center of an incoming plane only moments before the crash at 1:49 a.m. ``The first thing we had to determine was what was the situation -- was this a plane that just ran out of gas, did someone have a heart attack, or was it a diversion?'' he said.
If potential poachers knew that incoming catches would be tested for their genetic fingerprint, he said, they might think twice before killing a creature known to be off-limits.
``I'd never seen that acted out before, the conflict between the assimilated MTV generation and the parents trying to hold onto the traditional culture,'' said Jacobs, who was executive producer of the first three seasons of the ``Empty Nest'' sitcom.
``I do feel a responsibility to try to bring as much dignity to people who have not been represented before and not to make buffoons of them,'' Jacobs said.
This was to be expected, because this species lived three million to four million years ago, long before any evidence for toolmaking.
 (BC-THUMB-SCI-2NDTAKE-NYT) Five years ago, when Susman first offered indirect evidence for Paranthropus toolmaking but before he hit upon the thumb test, Shipman suggested an explanation for why two different species might have made the same type of simple tools, mostly choppers, scrappers, sharp flakes and spheroids for cracking nuts or bones.
We are the Economy and Efficiency Commission, after all.'' Despite nods of agreement, the commission took 12 more minutes before coming to a decision on whether to rebid a consultant's contract.
On the day before the opening, he toured the bleached-wood space, walking amid the clothes displayed, just the way they were shown on the runway down to the last bronzed tassel.
 (BC-YELLOWSTONE-SCI-2TAKES-NYT) A hiker to the top of Mount Washburn in the heart of Yellowstone National Park may find it hard to believe that the wild land stretching out before him could ever be in serious jeopardy, so eternal does the spectacle seem.
Stockmar previously was in charge of engineering at Steyr Daimler Puch and before that was head of engineering at Audi.
``I got three days notice to come and audition, and I had never conducted a full symphony orchestra before.'' Exhausted and out of sorts from the trans-global jet flight on short notice, he just decided to go for it.
Workers managed to get the goats rounded up and moved out before the chichi crowd arrived, much to the relief of the resort's French-born manager, Pierre Caselli.
It was there, before sunrise on Christmas morning of 1883, while their three children slept in a nearby room, that Henry fatally wounded Clara with a revolver and then tried to commit suicide with a knife, stabbing himself six times -- the number of wounds Lincoln suffered.
MITCHELL VOWS TO KEEP PUSHING LIMITED HEALTH CARE LEGISLATION WASHINGTON  (BC-HEALTH-REFORM-HNS) Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell vowed Monday that he will continue to push for limited health legislation despite skepticism from lawmakers and lobbyists that Congress can approve any legislation before the November elections.
The virtual version of Networld + Interop, which will be called N+I Online, will open several days before and stay open several days after its physical counterpart.
A second site, also studied before, is the insulin gene itself, Todd said.
But before the genes are identified, the new technique may lead to ways to identify children who are at risk for developing insulin-dependent diabetes.
BRITAIN RAISES RATES IN HOPES OF HOLDING DOWN INFLATION LONDON  (BC-BRITAIN-RATES-525&ADD-NYT) Hoping to choke off inflation before it imperils the nation's steady if unspectacular economic recovery, Britain raised its benchmark interest rate Monday by half a point, to 5.75 percent, its first rate increase since 1989.
Just moments before announcing the rate increase, the government said prices of goods as they left factories had risen three-tenths of a percent last month, which is higher than expected.
But the government decided within hours to allow the pound to float in value and rescinded the rate increases before they came into effect.
Monsignor Diarmuid Martin, a Vatican delegate, told the committee that ``some time will be required to examine in greater detail the full implications of the complete chapter'' before a formal declaration is made at the plenary session.
If they reach maturity, they feed about 20 years in the Mediterranean before genetic programming compels them to return to the beaches where they hatched, he said.
The question with little more than 22 months remaining until the Summer Olympics in Atlanta is whether last week's unspectacular results were an anomaly, the new reality or the decline before the fall.
--The timing of the U.S. trials, which were conducted less than a month before these championships, affected the swimmers.
The United States will select its national team for the Atlanta Games in March 1996, four months before the competition begins, which means the team will have ample time to recover psychologically and physically.
But your attention is focused in a way it was not before.
According to the Secret Service, the pilot buzzed over downtown Washington before hooking a U-turn near the Washington Monument and heading into the White House grounds at tree-top level.
The pilot, who had no fixed address, had previously lived in nearby Aberdeen and Perry Point, Md. Secret Service agents guarding the compound spotted the aircraft seconds before the crash and did not open fire, Meyer said.
Robert Preston before taking him into custody for psychiatric treatment.
In her hotel suite a few hours before the show, she was dressed in beige, her short blond hair pushed back from her face.
Herrera was a highly visible part of the international society long before she opened a business.
Even if the target seems almost certain to be missed -- the most optimistic estimate among family planning experts is that the country's population will rise to 250 million before stabilizing sometime in the middle of the 21st century -- the commitment has been kept.
One middle-aged woman chased the field worker from her house repeatedly before finally allowing her to talk to the wives of her five sons.
Carol Krikava had died at the age of 60 several months before.
So far, the Justice Department has not responded with any specifics, except to say that only President Clinton can set Krikava free before his sentence runs out Nov.
But that was all before Andre, Andre's Army and Andre's clown clones on the doubles court, the ubiquitous Jensen brothers, took control.
	Seiko said its worldwide service would be the first one that was affordable, but it might take many years before the service is truly global.
Pro, said on Monday that at least a hundred witnesses are likely to appear before the court, including several rear admirals and dozens of officers at the Navy's highest ranks.
The incident allegedly occurred the night before she said she was assaulted by drunken aviators.
Fullback Kenyon Rasheed said before the game that linebacker Eric Hill yelled that he was going to knock him out the game by taking out his knees.
Their response has been to go head to head with the government for Israelis' hearts and minds, in the hope that they can kill any possible deal with the Syrians before, from their vantage, it is too late.
If anything, settlers here want to make his task more complicated yet, by bringing their argument again and again before fellow Israelis: that Syria used the heights to fire on Israeli towns before 1967, that the Golan is an important water source, that only Israeli military might on the plateau keeps the Syrians at bay, that Assad is a despot and no one can predict what will follow him.
Seventy-eight percent said that the administration should ask permission from Congress before invading Haiti.
Lee Hamilton, the Indiana Democrat who heads the House Foreign Affairs Committee, urged Clinton on Monday to send a high-level emissary to Haiti before ordering a military invasion.
MITTERRAND SAYS HE HAS A CLEAR CONSCIENCE ABOUT HIS WORK FOR VICHY PARIS  (BC-FRANCE-MITTERRAND-NYT) President Francois Mitterrand declared on Monday that his conscience was ``perfectly clear'' about revelations that he worked for the pro-Nazi Vichy government in the early years of World War II before he joined the French Resistance and rose to become a leading Socialist.
Even before such a decision is made, orderly procedures are going to go out the window the moment Bud Selig, the acting commissioner, drives a stake through the heart of the 1994 season, as he is expected to do Tuesday or Wednesday.
``Who knows,'' Hershiser said Monday before joining 26 other players and union leaders for internal meetings.
One has to hope they do not wind up proving that the hard way by stumbling into ventures that are at best maligned and, worse, doomed before they begin.
And many of the inmates they do find are released from prison before their immigration cases have been processed.
The idea is to hold deportation hearings in state prisons before inmates are released rather than afterward in immigration courts.
They can go to the playoffs or they can be another 4-and-12 Cardinal team.'' The Oilers were 1-4 last season before reeling off 11 victories, with Ryan's defense meting out punishment.
He always does this before setting out to track down a fugitive alien.
Both are sons of Mexican-born laborers who were deported to Mexico before settling legally in the United States.
``It's like before a fight,'' Bustos said.
The new poll was conducted by telephone last Thursday through Sunday, just before Congress returned to Washington for a final month of legislative business before the midterm elections -- including one last effort to pass a modest health care bill.
Congress resumed work on Monday with Democratic leaders still expressing hope that a modest bill could be passed before the elections.
Under the merger deal, Borden shareholders will get RJR stock worth $14.25 a share, so long as RJR stock trades in a range of $6 to $8 a share during a 10-day period before the deal closes.
Lawyers representing Grant, the Magic and the NBA said it was unclear when a trial on the Grant contract would be held although the judge is expected to move quickly to resolve the issue before the start of the season.
Although the ruling on the Grant contract was a clear and potentially important victory for the NBA, Bruce Meyer, who represented Grant as well as Dudley and Green in a hearing before Monday's ruling, didn't see it that way.
He's tried to sell me drugs before.
He described his brother as ``a loner who would not talk about his problems.'' John Corder said that his brother had been married twice before and had a daughter, now 17, from his first marriage.
The plane crashed at the White House a few minutes before 2 a.m. on Monday.
Any time you get more than one player hurt at one position, you have a problem.'' Also likely out for the Jet game are running back Irving Spikes, who rushed for 70 yards against the Packers before injuring his right knee, and regular strong safety Gene Atkins, who suffered a right hamstring strain early in the game.
Asked how the plane managed to get so close to the White House before being spotted, federal officials said it was traveling at ``tree-top level'' and that eyewitness accounts of the plane's approach seemed to indicate that its engine was off.
Meyer said it was spotted by Secret Service officers on duty near the south perimeter of the 200-year-old mansion only seconds before it flew over the compound fence and crashed.
We were sitting on the deck, but we went down -- I don't know what you call it -- where there was a roof.'' The police, taking pains to interview passengers before they disembarked, carefully declined to speculate on where the gunfire originated or how extensive it had been.
The official declined to talk about plans for protecting the president, and no one would say whether the lookouts on the roof of Blair House saw the plane as it buzzed down 17th Street in Northwest Washington, a block from Blair House, before making a U-turn and heading into the White House compound.
Houk's death came two days before the public release of a 2,000 page report on dioxin by the Environmental Protection Agency, which was prompted in part by Houk's views.
CRASH SHOWS HOW VULNERABLE THE WHITE HOUSE REALLY IS WASHINGTON  (BC-WHITEHOUSE-CRASH-425&ADDS(2TAKES)-NYT) Shortly before 2 a.m. on Monday, a small red-and-white plane flew down 17th Street N.W., in the heart of downtown, banked left in a U-turn near the Washington Monument, and headed straight toward the president's bedroom in the White House.
The city council is still awaiting details regarding what the developers plan to build before it gives final approval, he said.
Left tackle Harris Barton had surgery the week before the Chiefs game to repair a torn bicep tendon and is out for the year.
Singing is a giant learning curve, a work in progress, and I swear that every week I learn something I didn't know before.'' 	Summer vacation season is barely over, and already organizations are rushing to shower worthy individuals with honors.
He appeared to fumble the ball before going into the endzone, and the Wildcats recovered.
He said the league wants the entire issue resolved before the 1994-95 season begins November 7.
Now Cal, its ego already bruised, has to be concerned about having the soul sucked out of its team before the Pac-10 season gets under way.
Oregon's O'Neil, also rated among the nation's elite quarterbacks, threw three interceptions, was sacked twice, and completed 13 of 28 passes for just 164 yards before being yanked in the fourth quarter for ineffectiveness.
A moment before they were to try, Lott realized the Jets' defense wasn't lined up correctly.
``It would have to be a bloodletting, and there was just no way to get there.'' Bush, who complained before the primary that Smith and other candidates had unfairly attacked his lack of government experience and his business ethics, said the endorsement prevented a divisive runoff that would have hurt his chances in the general election.
 (BC-HUGHES-LAYOFFS-2ndtake-LADN) Analysts said it will be at least three years before the downturn in defense spending levels off.
It will take another two years before there is an increase in defense spending, said John Harbison, an aerospace consultant with Booz Allen Hamilton in Los Angeles.
Remember, he is a goaltender with a lot of experience.'' Sidorkiewicz was a regular with the Hartford Whalers for five seasons and he played 64 games with Ottawa in his only season with the Senators before he was traded to the Devils.
CRASH SHOWS HOW VULNERABLE THE WHITE HOUSE REALLY IS WASHINGTON  (BC-WHITEHOUSE-CRASH-1st-LEAD-425&ADDS(2TAKES)-NYT) Shortly before 2 a.m. on Monday, a small red-and-white plane flew down 17th Street N.W., in the heart of downtown, banked left in a U-turn near the Washington Monument, and headed straight toward the president's bedroom in the White House.
He said the league wants the entire issue resolved before the 1994-95 season begins November 7.
McMaster, 50, spent the previous six years as director of hockey operations and general manager of the Sudbury Wolves, an Ontario Hockey League team that before his arrival floundered for a decade on the ice and at the box office.
McMaster also has served as GM of three other OHL teams, run two all-star teams in Ontario that won gold medals in international competition, was employed as director of player personnel for the Washington Capitals for three years before taking on the Sudbury reconstruction job in 1988, and helped kick-start the career of a teen-ager named Wayne Gretzky.
Certainly McMaster has been down this road before, though on a different level.
Mall officials said it had talks before the Jan.
Al Sharpton began reflecting on the meaning of his campaign even before it was ended by his expected loss to Daniel Patrick Moynihan.
In the late 1950s, he became a copy editor, and he spent several years editing financial news before becoming a reporter for the section.
Well, the 29-point loss to the Seahawks and the 30-point loss to the San Francisco 49ers in the opener are the worst single season back-to-back defeats for the Raiders since the opening two games of the 1961 season, two years before Al Davis became associated with the organization.
The Raiders abandoned the run long before the game got out of hand, with 28 of their 35 first-half plays passes or runs by Hostetler.
It will be three years before the school is rebuilt on Van Gogh Street.
``We are down almost 200 students from the 485 we had before the earthquake,'' Snow said.
Philadelphia scored the game's first 30 points and then cruised to a 30-22 victory before 64,890 fans at Veterans Stadium, though Chicago made things uncomfortable at the end.
Singing is a giant learning curve, a work in progress, and I swear that every week I learn something I didn't know before.'' 	Summer vacation season is barely over, and already organizations are rushing to shower worthy individuals with honors.
We were sitting on the deck, but we went down -- I don't know what you call it -- where there was a roof.'' The police, taking pains to interview passengers before they disembarked, carefully declined to speculate on where the gunfire originated or how extensive it had been.
The Bolowskis flew into New York on Saturday and are staying with Bolowski's uncle and aunt, Helmuth and Adeline Bolowski of Garden City, N.Y. They had planned to travel on to Boston and Niagara Falls before returning to Germany.
It would make sense to be next week, because it's been two years since Bob was brought into Capital Cities and at the time everyone assumed it was just a question of letting him get the experience he needed to move up.'' Iger had been the president of ABC's entertainment division before moving inside Capital Cities management.
``Rob Moore had a tremendous game,'' Jets Coach Pete Carroll said on Monday before announcing that Moore had won a second straight game ball for his performance in New York's 25-22 victory over Denver Sunday.
I've never seen that before in a freshman.
``We're beginning to see there are things we can do now, with Jeff, that we weren't sure about before.
I didn't think it would be this smooth,'' Watson said before yesterday's practice.
``He seems like the kind that, anywhere he goes, he makes the other players better.'' Tailback Kalief Muhammad, like countless others before him, drew a parallel between Watson (6-foot, 205 pounds) and Houston Oilers quarterback Bucky Richardson (6-1, 220).
Does anybody remember anything about 1989?'' Aikman's message is clear: He won't complete at least 65 percent of his throws every game, as he had done 11 consecutive times before Sunday.
Smith won't exceed 3.8 yards per carry every game, as he had done nine consecutive times before Sundays 3.3-yard average.
The only hope -- the ``only'' chance -- most NFL teams have of beating the Cowboys is to somehow upset the timing patterns that are the hallmark of the Ernie Zampese-Norv Turner-Aikman offense, You do that by forcing Aikman to get rid of the ball before his receivers can get into their routes.
Parents whispered in their children's ears, and kissed them on the cheeks, before leaving them off at school Monday.
``The name of the game is jobs,'' said Claire Shulman, the Queens Borough president, just before she cut the ribbon at the new 75,000-square-foot Tops Appliance City superstore on Northern Boulevard in Long Island City that will employ 350 people.
Otherwise, we should just say no.'' To most city officials, however, this attitude represents little more than nostalgia for the long-lost days before shopping malls as well as an ignorance of economic trends that favor suburban areas.
He will also try to pre-empt the title Horse of the Year before taking a two-month vacation while other contenders pursue the title in his absence in the Breeders' Cup.
But even before Holy Bull takes the track for his farewell appearance of 1994, the undercard for the Woodward will glow at all levels with sprinters, grass runners and juvenile fillies and colts.
In an agreement reached in May before Judge Bernard E.
That was only six days before Pearl Harbor, right?'' ``Right,'' I answer as I carefully move the bacon platter from under his elbow.
``You know what a sucker I am for stuff like that.'' ``This is a treasure, Mom,'' he mumbles, carefully wiping his bacon-greasy fingers on his napkin before turning a page.
Hardy, Company B, also of the 60th Georgia, was wounded in action at the Battle of Petersburg on March 25, 1865 -- less than a month before the Civil War ended.
The night before she had climbed to the roof of this old building and listened for hours to the faint crackle of a Miami radio broadcast, hoping to hear the names of her missing son and husband.
In January, he had tried escaping the island by raft, making it 16 miles into the sea before Cuban authorities returned him.
Today, in time-honored tradition, a cannon still fires at 9 p.m. But on this night, seven desperate men -- like Antonio Fernandez Boch 15 days before -- ignored the cannon call and chose the unknown sea over mother Cuba's embrace.
The night before I left Cuba, he threw a little party for me with bootleg beer and smuggled rum.
And the night before he was to be executed, we talked until dawn about his life and family.
Spikes, with a modest total of 14 NFL carries, had best match that start before he starts chasing Csonka.
Higgs left Joe Robbie Stadium before Miami's 39-35 victory over New England Sept.4, telling reporters he wanted to be traded.
COMMENTARY: RIDING HIGH, GOP MAY FACE A TUMBLE ATLANTA  (BC-BAXTER-COLUMN-COX) To say that things looked rosy for Georgia Republicans before a federal court threw out the state's congressional map Monday is an understatement.
He was director of environmental health services at CDC before being appointed director of the environmental health center.
Occasionally vigorous in refuting charges that he flirted with rightwing extremism before and during World War II, he more often was on the defensive.
Nothing remotely comparable has ever before happened here.
He noted that, after escaping from a German prisoner of war camp in 1941, he had stayed with Jewish friends of his parents in southern France before becoming a Vichy official.
More recently, in 1991, Bousquet was indicted for crimes against humanity during the war but he was assassinated before his trial.
Although the title of detective writer du jour seems to be firmly in the grasp of Walter Mosley, the holder of the title before Mosley was unquestionably James Lee Burke.
Likewise, a nun who keeps showing up just before bad things happen doesn't seem to set off any alarms.
To cash in on ``Baseball's'' assured success, PBS and Turner video companies will have the marathon documentary's nine two-hour tapes in stores before the series ends Sept.
``By the time this (election) cycle is over, the bases that were shared before won't be shared this time,'' she says.
Richards took that office in 1982 and held it for two terms before running for governor.
Villalpando worked at CII before being appointed U.S. treasurer by President Bush.
I had been a busy reader many years beforehand, but the '70s decade initiated my professional association with books.
Although David Wagoner is perhaps best known as an accomplished regional poet (the Pacific Northwest) he has authored maybe a dozen novels, both before and after ``The Road to Many a Wonder,'' the mid-'70s romantic historical adventure that I read snippets of every now and then, perhaps opening it at random for a few minutes at bedtime.
After all, how many versions of ``Our Town'' should parents be required to squirm through before they're adjudged competent to nurture their kids properly?
Thirdly, by saddling themselves with moral responsibility for the Bosnian Muslim cause, the Americans will have to take steps to defend the Muslims in the months before sufficient weaponry can arrive to make a big difference to the Muslim war effort.
Thirdly, by saddling themselves with moral responsibility for the Bosnian Muslim cause, the Americans will have to take steps to defend the Muslims in the months before sufficient weaponry can arrive to make a big difference to the Muslim war effort.
Eritrea not only passed the general tests, but had been a separate state, under Italian rule, before the Second World War.
While the rest of Somalia has sunk back into the lawlessness that prevailed before the Americans intervened there, in Somaliland President Mohamed Egal has established a working administration and a (fragile) peace.
Its boundaries, as with those in next-door Burundi, are pre-colonial: both kingdoms were forged several centuries before the Europeans showed up in these central African hills.
Eritrea not only passed the general tests, but had been a separate state, under Italian rule, before the Second World War.
While the rest of Somalia has sunk back into the lawlessness that prevailed before the Americans intervened there, in Somaliland President Mohamed Egal has established a working administration and a (fragile) peace.
Its boundaries, as with those in next-door Burundi, are pre-colonial: both kingdoms were forged several centuries before the Europeans showed up in these central African hills.
The winner of that will face the daunting task of uniting the party and raising the necessary millions of dollars in the mere month that remains before election day.
The winner of that will face the daunting task of uniting the party and raising the necessary millions of dollars in the mere month that remains before election day.
The winner of that will face the daunting task of uniting the party and raising the necessary millions of dollars in the mere month that remains before election day.
About 2 minutes before the rice is ready, stir in the spinach, and finish cooking.
Twenty minutes away by car is the awesome Pont du Gard, an immense remnant of the Roman aqueduct that carried water from the mountains to Nimes for 900 years, beginning probably two centuries before the birth of Christ.
A few hours before preparing the crab boil, I put the two gallons of water I will need in the pot with the seasonings, bring it to a boil and then set it aside.
It's a good idea to rinse the crabs well in a large pot of cool water before cooking them.
A bourgeois woman at one stand was insisting over the weekend that it would be only ``10 or 20 years'' before Egyptian women achieved equality with men.
How soon, therefore, before the brave women we have been encouraging accuse us of betrayal?
A bourgeois woman at one stand was insisting over the weekend that it would be only ``10 or 20 years'' before Egyptian women achieved equality with men.
How soon, therefore, before the brave women we have been encouraging accuse us of betrayal?
However, before you opt for an all-glass wall, consider the direction it will face, how much direct sun it will get and what window coverings you will want if needed.
In front of eager, shy, nervous and some distracted eyes, Pedraza then discussed rules: Students must raise their hands before speaking and must listen attentively when someone else is talking.
All games, books and papers must be put in their proper place before going to recess and lunch.
Line up before going to lunch and recess.
(It remains a curious paradigm in fiction that the prototypically devoted homemaker and mother must suffer horribly and die before she can be appreciated.) The arc of the novel traces Ellen's transformation.
Keep purslane intact until right before using, then pluck the clusters of leaves from the stems.
Women in aerobics classes can also experience this form of acne, even if they have never had acne before.
After more than 20 years as a physical education teacher at an elementary school in Fairfax, Va., Craig Gordon was brought up before the school board on charges of having fondled and kissed some of his students a decade earlier, when the girls were about 10.
DAY'S HEALTH REFORM DEVELOPMENTS AT A GLANCE WASHINGTON  (BC-HEALTH-GLANCE-COX) Developments Tuesday in the battle over health care reform: CONGRESS Returning after a recess in their home districts, House and Senate members from across the political spectrum said there seemed to be little voter sentiment for reforming the health care system before this Congress adjourns next month.
But then, structural problems of ``Playland,'' which had plagued him before his illness, were suddenly resolved one day.
Dunne has created a mosaic of old-style Hollywood, before television, when stars and films seized the fantasies of the nation far more than today.
They work together casually, he said, spending hours talking about the characters and plot of a project before one of them sits down to write a first draft.
But then, structural problems of ``Playland,'' which had plagued him before his illness, were suddenly resolved one day.
Dunne has created a mosaic of old-style Hollywood, before television, when stars and films seized the fantasies of the nation far more than today.
They work together casually, he said, spending hours talking about the characters and plot of a project before one of them sits down to write a first draft.
	Noting that the Vatican did not join the consensus in 1974 or 1984, the Vatican delegate, Archbishop Renato Martino, said the church wanted ``to associate itself with the consensus, even if in an imcomplete, or partial manner.'' 	BERLIN (NYT) -- Results of two state elections held on Sunday have shaken German politics less than five weeks before voters are to decide whether to re-elect Chancellor Helmut Kohl.
	That authority is considered essential to ward off special interest amendments that could doom a trade agreement, but many lawmakers did not want to vote on it before the mid-term elections because labor unions and big business were sharply divided on the issue of fast-track and the politicians did not want to choose between them.
Sprint abruptly closed La Conexion Familiar in July, a week before employees were scheduled to vote for representation by the Communications Workers of America union.
8 hearing before an administrative law judge in San Francisco, said Steve Dyks, a Sprint spokesman in Washington, D.C. NLRB Regional Director Robert Miller said he and his investigators had reviewed Sprint's financial claims.
From that point on, he had more love, support -- and respect -- than ever before.'' The 16-page AIDS section, published Sept.
Although Miss Marin choreographed ``Contrastes'' in 1979, it has never before been shown in New York.
Julie eventually warms to the little sensei and brushes up on the karate her father taught her before his death.
Now I've used bits of me that have never been used before.'' This year the school is being subsidized by a $100,000 grant from Allied-Lyons, a food and beverage corporation that is the Royal Shakespeare Company's main sponsor.
Rodney has a special talent for reading things awfully quickly, but Dave showed you Sunday night what he's capable of.'' Meggett showed plenty the week before, too, when the Giants beat the Philadelphia Eagles, 28-23, in the season opener.
It will be seen on the East Coast and in Latin America before the conclusion of the tour.
Charlie, enjoying a family supremacy that has not been his before, then presents his father with a television set, something the senior Van Dorens have never owned.
Chen and another dissident, Wang Juntao, were released shortly before President Clinton decided to extend China's trade privileges without demanding improvement in China's human rights policies.
CUNNINGHAM, KOTITE QUIET RUMORS FOR AT LEAST ANOTHER WEEK PHILADELPHIA  (BC-FBN-EAGLES-700&add-NYT) The tension in the air was unmistakable at Veterans Stadium on Monday night before Philadelphia battled Chicago.
He talked about love and holding hands and being together as a team before the season began and so many people ridiculed him.
Grade: D+ ``The Boys Are Back'' -- The first to come back -- before the boys -- were the actors, Suzanne Pleshette (``The Bob Newhart Show'') and Hal Linden (``Barney Miller'').
The Food and Drug Administration must also give its consent before the study can begin, but the FDA says it has never rejected a study approved by the committee.
Generating new blood vessels to go around a blockage, she said, is ``almost like a coronary bypass without the cardiac surgeon.'' Dr. Claude Lenfant, director of the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute, cautioned that although this is ``a very exciting field that is full of promises, it is still in an experimental phase.'' It may take years before the promises are fulfilled.
Clinton's decision to forego fast track represented a setback for labor unions and environmentalists -- who represent much of the Democratic Party's core of political support -- just a month and a half before crucial mid-term elections.
Clinton's decision to forego fast track represented a setback for labor unions and environmentalists -- who represent much of the Democratic Party's core of political support -- just a month and a half before crucial mid-term elections.
According to the two-page ``Joint Communique,'' the U.S. government will issue at least 20,000 visas a year to Cubans, except to Cubans who fled before the agreement.
My first clue, days before, had come during my one-hour crash course in RV survival given by the recreational vehicle rental center.
So when the RV rental agent smiled and said it was all pretty easy stuff, what flashed before my eyes was not a late-summer week of wide-load leisure but my history of humiliation as a handyman around the house and the fact that this man had $600 of our money as a deposit and would keep some of it if we messed up.
He could talk about exactly how much of the green chemical glop should be poured down the toilet and how at all costs the water-heater pilot light should be extinguished before taking off down the road and how the electric water pump should never be left on for extended periods, upon pain of burst hoses and flood.
In truth, the premise behind our trip was faulty: years ago, before our 8-year-old twin boys were born, my wife, Frances, and I had experienced the Perfect Maine Vacation -- romantic camping, romantic inns, romantic hikes through Acadia National Park near Bar Harbor, where we ended up at the Jordan Pond House in time for afternoon tea.
The renters before us did, leaving a huge hole as a testament to the revelation that while you can have your breakfast in bed in a motor home, you probably shouldn't make it there.
``We've been involved in this since before the restructuring was announced in June, and our investigation has nothing to do with the formation of this committee,'' said Robert Kreiser, associate secretary of the association.
Robinson quits the Dodgers just before they move to Los Angeles, following the New York Giants' shift to San Francisco.
Interesting sidelight (``Baseball'' is full of them, so this is legal): Robinson and his wife, Rachel, stayed with the Simons in 1955, and 10-year-old Carly sometimes traveled with the Dodgers star to Ebbets Field that summer -- Robinson's last season -- and sat with him in the dugout before games.
But somehow the players seemed lesser, the big games not quite as huge, and the taints of drugs and domes, gypsy franchises and salary collusions pulled the game farther from its foundations than the many troubles that stained baseball in all the decades before.
At Commerzbank AG in Frankfurt, so-called Chinese walls separating securities sales and trading were put up before the new law took effect.
The investigation began late in July, just before the insider-trading law took effect.
Tyke, a 21-year-old African female performing with Circus International, injured a groom, killed a trainer and escaped into the streets before being shot repeatedly and given a lethal injection.
``So I've worked harder the last three years than before and get less pay,'' he said with a chuckle.
``You have responsibility for everybody and everything has to work smooth, and I have to do much more work, I tell you, than ever before.
Wealthy from oil royalties, she'd made tracks out of her native Oklahoma and lived in Colorado, California and Arizona before moving here in 1919.
They are preparing an agenda to ``take America into the next century.'' Warren Rudman, a former Republican senator from New Hampshire and a close friend of Dole's, said he believes Dole is willing to work with Clinton on issues before Congress this fall.
But anticipating resistance to the broader, citywide restrictions, he said he did not expect them to be enacted before the end of 1995, and that intense negotiation with the publishing industry had only begun.
But we didn't want to count on anything because it seemed like counting your chickens before they're hatched.'' Things then began to go well for ``Knowledge of Angels,'' an allegorical tale about the nature of faith set on a European island in about the 15th century.
``George is not on the committee to negotiate this thing,'' Steinbrenner said in a telephone interview from Tampa, Fla., Tuesday, one day before Selig was expected to officially announce that the season is over.
Yet even before the president speaks, the USS America aircraft carrier began steaming toward Haiti, as troops from allied nations were training in Puerto Rico, and news organizations were plotting their invasion coverage strategies.
In addition, city officials could be seeking to put pressure on local employers to look to the local labor market before importing cheaper labor from the countryside.
``This is an historic document, unlike anything that's ever been drafted before,'' said the head of the United States delegation, Timothy E.
``But it still means that more than half the people you run into are involved enough in the technology that they have to think twice before they can speak English.'' 
``I want to share with my students some of my experiences in public life and my quarter-century in politics,'' he said before the class began.
Hevesi, who before his election last fall was a tenured professor at Queens College, is now teaching a course in government at Columbia's School of International Affairs.
``Two or three murders take place each day, before breakfast.
He worked for a year in New York at the investment banking firm of Lee, Higginson & Co., before returning to Richmond to join the family investment firm, John L.
This season, Fox will air regular-season games on the two Sundays before the playoffs.
But that was before our population capped.
The strike, or ``debacle,'' as Brooks calls it, has ``moved the issue of baseball's antitrust exemption to the congressional policy radar screen as never before.'' Because, as Brooks knows, the World Series is in more jeopardy now than it was at any time during two world wars, the Great Depression and a killer earthquake.
Of the roughly 600 Cubans held at Krome, half arrived in the United States on Coast Guard ships in the hours before the White House announced the Guantanamo detention plan.
``Last week, my sister went shopping, and she bought more food for less money than before.
A small construction crew is cleaning up Tampa Plaza and is waiting for Global Development to get funds before it can start rebuilding, said Donnie Booker, owner of Metco Construction in Century City.
``We've been actively negotiating regardless of what happens with the union,'' MacLean said Tuesday before practice.
The Devils let Stevens play out his option last season and he cost them about $7 million more than if they had signed him before the start of last season.
He worked in several medical research institutes before being trained for space flight.
But Congress has a limited amount of time before it recesses for the November elections, Dole said, and the Clinton administration may have to choose between the trade accord worked out by the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade and its other priorities like health care and campaign finance reform.
``What the White House has to determine is that we are going to be here only a few more weeks before recess,'' Dole said in an interview.
But many lawmakers did not want to vote on it before the midterm elections because labor unions and big business were sharply divided on the fast-track issue and the politicians did not want to choose between them.
Her arrest prompted Capriati to enter a substance-abuse clinic in Miami, where she remained for 23 days before going home to Wesley Chapel, Fla.
The agent said that Selig seemed receptive to the plan but had to end their conversation before fully exploring it because he had a conference call.
We're trying to work together, and the cap isn't going to work.'' Attanasio also related that before he described his plan to Selig, the acting commissioner talked about how ``totally inflexible'' the union has been.
For part-of-this-season rookies, the checks will be issued on a pro-rated basis of $19.08 a day because the season ran 131 days before the strike began Aug.
But they have confirmed privately in recent weeks that it may be years -- if ever -- before IBM and Apple fulfill their promise of giving computer users, and the computer industry itself, a true alternative to the Intel-Microsoft standard that accounts for 85 percent of personal computers now in use.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) But even before the dioxin study is made final late next year, Congress may act on its own to reduce emissions of dioxin.
But their hostility weakened when the bill was drafted so that big banks are virtually required, at least for the next few years, to buy a bank in another state before opening branches there.
He crashed just short, tearing up a portion of the lawn and slamming through a 150-year-old magnolia tree before bumping up against the White House south wall.
Investigators, including agents from the Secret Service, the FAA, and the FBI, are still uncertain whether Corder may have been drinking heavily or had taken drugs before or during his flight.
Federal officials confirmed Tuesday that Corder, who was killed on impact, had apparently spoken before to friends and a brother about committing suicide by flying a plane into the White House.
Federal authorities believe the theft took place sometime after 10:30 p.m. and are trying to determine whether he flew directly to the White House from the Harford County Air Park or flew around for a while beforehand.
At the White House, officials said no invasion would take place before next week at the earliest.
Dole said Clinton should seek the support of Congress the way President Bush did before the war against Iraq.
Just before the ground war against Iraq began in 1991, for example, a Times/CBS News survey showed that only 11 percent of those questioned favored sending in troops.
But he's probably getting out before it gets messy.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
And I've been described as aloof before.
``I know we've been down this road before, but this is a story with a lot of legs,'' he said.
Maynes said tapes of air traffic radar showed that it had detected the flight, but he did not know how far from the White House or how long before the crash.
Authorities believe that Corder approached the White House at about treetop level and may have cutoff his engine not long before he crashed.
Whether the measure signed Tuesday provides the tools to reduce crime or is merely a flimsy bauble to dangle before voters is something still being debated.
While the Kohlberg, Kravis proposal values Borden at a substantial premium over its market price before the deal was announced, the offer is well below the prices that Borden stock has commanded in previous years, and most stockholders will suffer losses if they sell their stock to Kohlberg, Kravis.
``If they are deployed in midair, it will push the air out in front of the wing, spoil the (natural) airflow across the wing that forms lift and cause a local stall.'' Such a stall, if it occurs on one side of a twin-engine aircraft, can cause the jet to roll over before sending it into an uncontrollable downward spiral.
The Mayor's Management Report also found dirtier streets, less inviting parks, skyrocketing overtime costs and increased waiting times for citizens pursuing taxi and consumer complaints, compared with the year before.
State officials also said they were planning to expand programs that used schools as community centers before and after classes, because they were convinced these programs would help prevent crime and get young people moving toward productive lives.
Boarding the former Coast Guard cutter at Pier 83 at the end of West 42nd Street, quite a few passengers asked Angel Freire, the first mate, ``Anybody due to get shot today?'' He told them, ``You've already been shot,'' referring to the fact that all embarking passengers have their picture snapped before a Circle Line life preserver propped up just before the gangplank.
The more you earn, the more you will pay, and the many loopholes the rich have used in the past to avoid paying taxes will be gone forever.'' Haytaian timed his announcement to come exactly eight weeks before voters decide between him and Frank R.
Then I lost a fight, and there it went.'' For a guy who has something else -- a wife, a son, a martial-arts school -- you wonder how long he'll stick with it, how many near-misses he'll sit through before giving it up.
But remember we started five guys on defense who'd never started a varsity football game before.
We'll improve.'' The five starters who'd never before started a game were Bryan Werner, Matt Harper, Leroy Pruitt, John Henton and Pete Swanson.
But he may never have dealt with a labor union before, and he seems to have little understanding that the owners need the Players Association.
Very few cases actually go to arbitration because teams and players usually reach agreement before that.
To see why, look at the example of the Pittsburgh Pirates, who won three straight divisional titles (1990-92) before the loss of free agents broke up the team.
The owners who are serious about making changes but don't want to wreck the game should have realized that before getting in this mess.
But he said he questioned whether to fly a 737 before finally deciding to do so.
He went on to serve in Zurich as consul general, in Washington as an administrator at the Foreign Service Institute, and elsewhere before he retired in 1966.
Councilman Donald Tucker, one of the Newark officials who received a subpoena, said he had been scheduled to testify before the federal grand jury last week.
He seems increasingly more comfortable before the camera as both a comedian and an interviewer.
Initially, he may have benefitted from comparisons to the Hindenburg-like launch of ``The Chevy Chase Show'' on Fox the week before he took over NBC's ``Late Night.'' But viewers and critics alike weren't any more certain of what to make of him and his show than he was at first.
The fact that this is being played out on national television a mere 10 days before jury selection begins in the actual Simpson case makes this a rather glaring example of the potential for tainting the jury pool.
I actually defended Fox's decision -- later rescinded -- to run its O.J. Simpson movie before the jury selection on the grounds that everyone is already talking about the case, so what harm could a movie do?
An official-looking man wearing a headset asked one audience member before the taping, ``What do you think about O.J.?
I say ``naturally'' because it was obvious by the mock-jurors' actions that most had made up their minds before walking in the door.
Gilda's back The hour utilizes excerpts from Radner reading her autobiography ``It's Always Something,'' which she completed shortly before her death.
It's part of acting.'' One memorable fight in ``Timecop'' has Van Damme escaping a headlock by walking up a wall -- a la Donald O'Connor in ``Singin' in the Rain'' -- and along a low ceiling before dropping down behind his surprised opponent.
It's the stuff that goes on in the bus, the readings, and meeting ordinary folks like those we met when we helped build a house for a poor family in Americus, Ga.'' Ms. James, who had never been to New York City before, said she really wanted to see Strawberry Fields in Central Park.
The students took notes and then just before they left, they asked Schlesinger for his autograph, as during their first day in New York they had asked for the signatures of William M.
Baseball, eventually, has to let its angry customers pelt it with rotten tomatoes before it can return to normal.
Once the season is canceled, the next deadline is spring training, which means there won't be serious negotiations before February.
If the owners, who claimed they were losing money already, have the willpower to cut salaries next year, why didn't they cut them this year and last year and the year before that?
The restored version has a mast that is 87 feet high, 2 feet higher than before.
The quadrennial competition has tested the mettle of scores of yachtsmen before Scully.
He had also run the yacht aground several times, immersing the all-important ballast bulb in mucky sea bottoms before leaving on his voyage.
The officials also said that Robinson's partner, David Thompson, had restated to investigators Monday that Robinson was not moving alongside the train before the shooting but racing across the platform toward the doorway where DelDebbio was standing.
Pataki, a 10-year legislator from the Hudson Valley hamlet of Garrison, campaigned for 10 months before defeating Richard Rosenbaum in Tuesday's primary.
Pataki's fuzzy definition and his eagerness to keep the focus on Cuomo has made for a general election campaign that turned ugly long before it officially started.
Other Kingdome commitments -- including Seahawks football and auto and boat shows -- should provide plenty of incentive for the county to get the repair work completed long before the NCAA tournament, Hancock said.
The sports facility has been closed since July 19 when four wood-fiber ceiling panels fell into the stands about two hours before a Mariner game.
It was not long before he joined in local demonstrations.
This is the theme of those games in the past two years, since they decided they absolutely have to have those games back: Against No. 20 North Carolina: Tarheels lead 31-3 before winning 31-9.
At No. 15 Penn State: Nittany Lions lead 21-7 before winning 21-20.
At No. 12 Arizona: Wildcats lead 38-0 before winning 38-7.
At No. 2 Notre Dame: Irish lead 31-7 before winning 31-13.
Against No. 16 UCLA: Bruins lead 17-0 before winning 27-21.
At No. 9 Penn State: Nittany Lions lead 35-0 before winning 38-14.
3, USC was in a seven-point, third-quarter hole before stumbling on a running game.
Caltrans stopped the production a few minutes before its scheduled 2 p.m. cutoff time because Paramount violated its film permit by not positioning the signs away from traffic, which bottled up as motorists slowed to read the messages, said Caltrans spokesman Russ Snyder.
The first said: ``L.A. Exits Closed Ahead Due to Heavy Traffic.'' The second said: ``Med Fly Toxic Spray and Quake Damage.'' The last said: ``Killer Bee Gridlock, Drive By Gang War Riot.'' A small yellow sign with black letters, attached to a wall on the right side of the freeway after the other signs, said: ``Have A Nice Day.'' Production companies often warn motorists entering movie sets by posting warning signs before the set, but Caltrans didn't require a warning sign on this shoot, Sandoval said.
Caltrans stopped the production a few minutes before its scheduled 2 p.m. cutoff time because Paramount violated its film permit by not positioning the signs away from traffic, which bottled up as motorists slowed to read the messages, said Caltrans spokesman Russ Snyder.
The first said: ``L.A. Exits Closed Ahead Due to Heavy Traffic.'' The second said: ``Med Fly Toxic Spray and Quake Damage.'' The last said: ``Killer Bee Gridlock, Drive By Gang War Riot.'' A small yellow sign with black letters, attached to a wall on the right side of the freeway after the other signs, said: ``Have A Nice Day.'' Production companies often warn motorists entering movie sets by posting warning signs before the set, but Caltrans didn't require a warning sign on this shoot, Sandoval said.
He diligently sifted through them before deciding upon the University of Illinois and coach John Mackovic.
Just before halftime, with the Matadors losing 7-6, O'Laughlin ran toward the sideline and unloaded a pass.
Secondary coach Dave Campo said the Cowboys questioned whether Woodson had the athleticism to play in the secondary before they drafted him in the second round in 1992.
Owners had said they wanted to play at least two more weeks of the regular season before the playoffs.
Kelly, appearing before supporters who interrupted her repeatedly with shouts of encouragement, said late Tuesday night that she felt ``no bitterness whatsoever,'' and added that she had had a friendly telephone chat with Barry.
Spitzer, an little-known former Manhattan prosecutor who won roughly 20 percent of the vote after spending roughly $2.5 million of his own money, conceded defeat before midnight.
But that was before our population capped.
But then, structural problems of ``Playland,'' which had plagued him before his illness, were suddenly resolved one day.
Dunne has created a mosaic of old-style Hollywood, before television, when stars and films seized the fantasies of the nation far more than today.
They work together casually, he said, spending hours talking about the characters and plot of a project before one of them sits down to write a first draft.
Lawton Chiles tried Tuesday to seize the publicity high ground by challenging Jeb Bush to a series of debates before the Nov.
The debating candidates would eventually meet in Polk County, in Central Florida where Chiles was born, for a ``grand finale'' just before the general election, he said.
If interest rate decisions were based solely on the performance of the real economy, logic would require central bankers in Germany and France - countries where economic recovery is lagging Britain by about a year - to wait until the second half of next year before changing course.
The British move, however, is already reinforcing the perception in financial markets that it is now only a matter of time before continental Europe follows suit.
But then, structural problems of ``Playland,'' which had plagued him before his illness, were suddenly resolved one day.
Dunne has created a mosaic of old-style Hollywood, before television, when stars and films seized the fantasies of the nation far more than today.
They work together casually, he said, spending hours talking about the characters and plot of a project before one of them sits down to write a first draft.
A: Until May 12, 1948, which was exactly two days before Israel declared itself a state, a name had not been chosen, according to a researcher with the American Israel Public Affairs Committee.
He tried escaping twice before.
``As all of you know, we've seen that in this town before,'' he said in a reference to now-defunct Eastern Airlines.
He sold insurance throughout the Midwest before finding his true calling, when he became a professional Boy Scout, first in Wyoming, then Missouri, and then later in East Texas.
EPA officials say that before any such policy could be considered, the draft study released Tuesday must be peer-reviewed by the EPA's Science Advisory Board.
My first clue, days before, had come during my one-hour crash course in RV survival given by the recreational vehicle rental center.
So when the RV rental agent smiled and said it was all pretty easy stuff, what flashed before my eyes was not a late-summer week of wide-load leisure but my history of humiliation as a handyman around the house and the fact that this man had $600 of our money as a deposit and would keep some of it if we messed up.
He could talk about exactly how much of the green chemical glop should be poured down the toilet and how at all costs the water-heater pilot light should be extinguished before taking off down the road and how the electric water pump should never be left on for extended periods, upon pain of burst hoses and flood.
In truth, the premise behind our trip was faulty: years ago, before our 8-year-old twin boys were born, my wife, Frances, and I had experienced the Perfect Maine Vacation -- romantic camping, romantic inns, romantic hikes through Acadia National Park near Bar Harbor, where we ended up at the Jordan Pond House in time for afternoon tea.
The renters before us did, leaving a huge hole as a testament to the revelation that while you can have your breakfast in bed in a motor home, you probably shouldn't make it there.
My first clue, days before, had come during my one-hour crash course in RV survival given by the recreational vehicle rental center.
So when the RV rental agent smiled and said it was all pretty easy stuff, what flashed before my eyes was not a late-summer week of wide-load leisure but my history of humiliation as a handyman around the house and the fact that this man had $600 of our money as a deposit and would keep some of it if we messed up.
He could talk about exactly how much of the green chemical glop should be poured down the toilet and how at all costs the water-heater pilot light should be extinguished before taking off down the road and how the electric water pump should never be left on for extended periods, upon pain of burst hoses and flood.
In truth, the premise behind our trip was faulty: years ago, before our 8-year-old twin boys were born, my wife, Frances, and I had experienced the Perfect Maine Vacation -- romantic camping, romantic inns, romantic hikes through Acadia National Park near Bar Harbor, where we ended up at the Jordan Pond House in time for afternoon tea.
The renters before us did, leaving a huge hole as a testament to the revelation that while you can have your breakfast in bed in a motor home, you probably shouldn't make it there.
Medlar also released tapes and edited transcripts of private telephone conversations she had with Cisneros -- before and after he was appointed to head the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
Medlar also released tapes and edited transcripts of private telephone conversations she had with Cisneros -- before and after he was appointed to head the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
He sold insurance throughout the Midwest before finding his true calling, when he became a professional Boy Scout, first in Wyoming, then Missouri, and then later in East Texas.
He was a Texan in his heart before he ever crossed the Red River and made it official.
He'd walk right up to folks, stick out his hand and say ``Borders is my name,'' and away he'd go chatting up folks who'd never laid eyes on him before, in elevators, restaurant lobbies and shopping malls.
A bourgeois woman at one stand was insisting over the weekend that it would be only ``10 or 20 years'' before Egyptian women achieved equality with men.
How soon, therefore, before the brave women we have been encouraging accuse us of betrayal?
A bourgeois woman at one stand was insisting over the weekend that it would be only ``10 or 20 years'' before Egyptian women achieved equality with men.
How soon, therefore, before the brave women we have been encouraging accuse us of betrayal?
``Very clearly, there are very fundamental problems with the denial of public education for kids,'' San Francisco schools superintendent Bill Rojas said at a rally Tuesday on the steps of City Hall before the Board of Supervisors committee hearing.
``Very clearly, there are very fundamental problems with the denial of public education for kids,'' San Francisco schools superintendent Bill Rojas said at a rally Tuesday on the steps of City Hall before the Board of Supervisors committee hearing.
For several months before the landing at Palm Beach, the missionaries periodically flew from Shell over the Huaorani village in the Amazon rain forest, or Oriente.
The missionaries cooked hamburgers for their visitors, shared insect repellent with them, even took them for rides over the dense green forest in the yellow Piper, which the Indians named the ``wood bee.'' The Americans showed the Huaorani a photograph of Dayuma, a woman from their tribe who had fled many years before, during a wave of intratribal killings.
For several months before the landing at Palm Beach, the missionaries periodically flew from Shell over the Huaorani village in the Amazon rain forest, or Oriente.
The missionaries cooked hamburgers for their visitors, shared insect repellent with them, even took them for rides over the dense green forest in the yellow Piper, which the Indians named the ``wood bee.'' The Americans showed the Huaorani a photograph of Dayuma, a woman from their tribe who had fled many years before, during a wave of intratribal killings.
10 memo) before, but said that it was a poorly worded attempt at trying to combat personal calls on state time,'' he said.
10 memo) before, but said that it was a poorly worded attempt at trying to combat personal calls on state time,'' he said.
Lithuanian-born entrepreneur who lives in England and Switzerland, Josefowitz has been enthusiastically buying these works for decades, before others recognized their interest.
His career really set sail among them, before he did for Tahiti.
How many times did we need to hear about body parts being strewn across the countryside before somebody said, ``Enough!''?
Friel can write characters, speeches and scenes of a richness that allows you to forget that you've traveled this territory before, often in the much tougher company of James Joyce, Sean O'Casey, Frank O'Connor and others.
``Philadelphia, Here I Come!'' takes place in the shabby O'Donnell house behind their store, on the evening and the night before Gar's departure for Philadelphia.
The straight edge should extend beyond the work to help align the saw before the blade enters the work.
 (BC-GATT-CAPITALISM-HNS) GATT, the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, is quietly but methodically making its way through congressional committees in preparation for a vote before the full Congress sometime this year.
 (BC-GATT-CAPITALISM-HNS) GATT, the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, is quietly but methodically making its way through congressional committees in preparation for a vote before the full Congress sometime this year.
That the years before the brave new century will find us re-embracing certain retro attitudes, not to mention indulging our seamier inclinations and preoccupations?
That the years before the brave new century will find us re-embracing certain retro attitudes, not to mention indulging our seamier inclinations and preoccupations?
Also, mix the sauce with the pasta just before you're ready to serve.
Just before Liu left the job, he traveled through Europe on the president's D-Day trip.
Metzenbaum, who is retiring this year, said he will keep trying to pass the bill before Congress adjourns next month.
In June, before the strike began, his bill to end the exemption was killed in the Senate Judiciary Committee by a 10-7 vote.
Kuhn, the most recent baseball case to come before it, the Supreme Court said the rationale for the 1922 decision was wrong and that, indeed, the business of baseball was interstate commerce.
Metzenbaum, who is retiring this year, said he will keep trying to pass the bill before Congress adjourns next month.
In June, before the strike began, his bill to end the exemption was killed in the Senate Judiciary Committee by a 10-7 vote.
Kuhn, the most recent baseball case to come before it, the Supreme Court said the rationale for the 1922 decision was wrong and that, indeed, the business of baseball was interstate commerce.
The 55-year-old Rule talked leisurely of Bundy, her other books, her short career as a policewoman and life before fame, while she rested her autograph hand from signing copies of her latest true-crime book, ``You Belong To Me and Other True Cases: Ann Rule's Crime Files, Vol.
I really liked him.'' Rule signed a contract to write the book about the women being killed before Bundy became a suspect.
Being interviewed as a famous author and an authority on serial murder and sociopaths is far different from the life Rule led before she devoted her days to writing.
Clusters of leaflets cluttered the street before her.
Even if Congress does not act on the bill before it adjourns next month, Espy said the department plans by next year to issue regulations requiring the industry to use a high-tech test the department unveiled in August.
``We are very hopeful that Congress will undertake to pass this bill before recess,'' Espy said, ``but (the department) will move forward.'' The five-minute test uses an instrument -- called a luminometer -- to measure the amount of bacteria present on the surface of a carcass.
But a meat industry group, the America Meat Institute, opposed the bill, calling instead for another study by the National Academy of Sciences before any action is taken.
The 55-year-old Rule talked leisurely of Bundy, her other books, her short career as a policewoman and life before fame, while she rested her autograph hand from signing copies of her latest true-crime book, ``You Belong To Me and Other True Cases: Ann Rule's Crime Files, Vol.
I really liked him.'' Rule signed a contract to write the book about the women being killed before Bundy became a suspect.
 (BC-AUTHOR-ANNRULE-BUNDY-2ndTake-TEX) Being interviewed as a famous author and an authority on serial murder and sociopaths is far different from the life Rule led before she devoted her days to writing.
	As many of them made clear, well before the official announcement, embittered fans had already cancelled baseball, some, they vowed, forever.
	With a small-group interview Tuesday afternoon and an address to the nation that is scheduled for Thursday night, Clinton is trying harder than ever before.
And Carville carries on for three paragraphs about Labor Day being the real beginning of a presidential campaign, as if that cliched fact had never been thrust on any reader before.
We're gonna have to come out with a physical approach, run the ball, outhit them and our defense is gonna have to play like it did last week.'' -- The Jets defense may be clairvoyant against Miami, knowing what's coming before the ball is snapped.
``They come in so well prepared that they seem to know what we're going to run before we run it,'' center Jeff Dellenbach said.
Back in March, before he was picked up, someone took potshots at Johnny's car, a silver gray Volvo, on Berlin Street off the Shankill Road.
 (BC-BBO-ANDERSON-COLUMN-NYT) Even before the baseball season was proclaimed dull (cq) and void by Bud Selig Wednesday, some people's reaction had been clear.
Clusters of leaflets cluttered the street before her.
READINESS, WEATHER, TIDES AND POLITICS SHAPE HAITI TIMETABLE WASHINGTON  (BC-HAITI-TIMING-HNS) Administration officials say troop readiness, tide levels, the phases of the moon and criticism in Congress will determine when President Clinton orders U.S. troops to land in Haiti, with D-Day likely to come before Sept.
With that kind of congressional opposition, the Clinton administration would prefer to start the military assault before the House and Senate vote their disapproval.
He got the news at Churchill Downs, a few days before Holy Bull got stuck in the traffic and the mud and ran 12th in the Kentucky Derby.
That is an issue that has not been discussed in detail before, but it could present a formidable barrier for a country like North Korea, which is deeply isolated and run by a hard-line communist government.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) In addition, the Berlin talks took up the questions of how North Korea's power demand would be met in the time before the new reactor was constructed, and what will happen to 8,000 spent nuclear fuel rods now in a cooling pond in North Korea.
But before you start crying le me hasten to add that it does happen that when I go on vacation, I sometimes fly first class.
When Hirsch joined the club last March after Olympic duty with Team Canada, he too expressed disenchantment after Keenan made him sit for a week before Hirsch was assigned to the minor leagues.
That's all I asked for last year.'' When he did not get an opportunity last season, Hirsch went home for a week before reporting to Binghamton, N.Y. When he returned to New York for the playoffs, he practiced with the team but never played.
``He embarrassed me before 17,000 people and pulled me out.'' Healy said Keenan's departure to become coach and general manager of the St. Louis Blues ``gave us better insight into his character,'' especially in light of Keenan's promise to the players that he would be back this season.
``Some of the things he said before Game 7 proved untrue,'' Healy said, referring to Keenan's speech on the eve of the Stanley Cup clinching in June.
He put the odds of a Fed tightening before mid-November at 50 percent, up from from 10 to 20 percent previously.
27 policy session, described consumer spending as ``healthy, albeit decelerating,'' and merchants' expectations for holiday sales ``generally favorable.'' The survey, published Wednesday, was based on responses before Sept.
We're going to treat him just like before.
``I thought I'd come here, step on the ice and all this would go away,'' he said as he stared into the lights of all the television cameras assembled before him.
The two have worked well together before: Clinton helped Yeltsin make a deal with Ukraine to give up its nukes, and the Russian kept his word to pull troops out of the Baltics.
``I personally think this will happen before 2000,'' Ruhe said of their joining NATO.
While at Fordham, he had one semester left before earning a degree in marketing, but signed a contract with the Baltimore Orioles.
The president hopes that they will finally believe the invasion is coming and step down before the estimated 20,000 U.S. troops make their landing.
Shortly before President Bush ordered an invasion of Panama in December 1989, a Gallup poll showed only 26 percent of Americans supported the action.
Trading resumed at 1 p.m., giving grain traders just 15 minutes to complete their dealing before the normal close of their market.
A stepfather, it turned out, cannot sponsor a stepchild who was married before the age of 18, as Ms. Cruz was.
``A member would have to take two or three long gulps before they would say yes'' and ``take the subcommittee on immigration,'' Mazzoli said.
As many of them made clear, well before Wednesday's announcement, embittered fans had already canceled baseball -- some, they vowed, forever.
``I can say that the last baseball game I ever attended was Phil Rizzuto Night at Yankee Stadium a couple of days before the strike,'' he said.
Last season, Bassett got off to a shaky start because three days before the first practice he had an emergency appendectomy.
HBO seems to recognize what Mendes came to learn before he was murdered six years ago by those who stood to profit from the Amazon's deforestation.
Julia has come to find what many have found before him: The problem with the entertainment business is that it is more business than entertainment.
She added that her discussions about leaving started in November, well before the dispute over audience measurement.
Exxon stock dropped about $8 to $59 a share in the weeks before the jury found that Exxon's ``recklessness'' had caused the grounding of the Exxon Valdez.
Owners, meanwhile, railed when the details of the union's revenue-sharing concept wound up in print and in the hands of player agents before they hit the bargaining table.
Authorities say Hale stopped in the gravel, aimed and fired and kept firing as the van neared him before turning north.
There's an identity there that may or may not offend some people.'' 	The party is in response to a suggestion from British officials, which was in response to a query that Jagger posed to them before the start of the Stones tour.
There's an identity there that may or may not offend some people.'' 	The party is in response to a suggestion from British officials, which was in response to a query that Jagger posed to them before the start of the Stones tour.
He fought twice more for Main Events and the Duva family before their association ended in 1992 with Taylor losing his second straight fight -- and the World Boxing Association welterweight title -- by knockout to Crisanto Espana.
But getting everything right before a restaurant opens will help ensure that the company is not saddled with six or seven bad sites in coming years that could pull down profits.
It reopened at 1 p.m. Grain and soybean futures usually trade from 9:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Financial markets opened at 7 a.m. and shut down at 9:37 a.m. The financial markets normally close at 2 p.m. Trades made before the shutdown are valid, Board of Trade spokesman David Prosperi said.
N.Y. CITY COUNCIL MAY FORCE ITS APPROVAL FOR POLICE MERGER NEW YORK  (BC-NY-POLICE-MERGER-205&ADD-NYT) Angered by what they said was a lack of details about the mayor's plan to merge New York City's three police departments, several members of the City Council suggested Wednesday that they were prepared to pass a measure that would require the Council's approval before the merger could occur.
1, Council members said they could still act before that date.
But in his testimony before the Public Safety and Government Operations Committees of the Council, Bratton seemed to have forged little success in assuring Council members.
They also charged that by waiting to hold the first public hearing just two weeks before the first part of the merger was scheduled, Council leaders were seeking to score political points with their constituents, rather than earnestly seeking to resolve differences over the merger.
Siegel, a spokesman for Housing Secretary Henry Cisneros, said that before a merger with the housing police could be made final, a public hearing must be held on the merger.
The dispute could get nastier before it gets better, and the elimination of the playoffs, including a new round that for the first time includes wild-card teams, and the World Series removes the urgency for the two sides to bargain.
The off-season, starting early this year, does not guarantee that the two sides will reach the new collective bargaining agreement they must have before they begin the 1995 schedule.
The next step for the owners, perhaps before Oct.
The prevailing view is that the dispute will become nastier before it ends, whenever that may be.
Even before Selig made his decision, but when owners knew it was inevitable, they turned to what they suggested was the next deadline for an agreement -- Nov.
South Carolina maintains that an environmental impact statement should be completed before the fuel is shipped.
It should be before the court rather than on the picket line.'' Metzenbaum said he was ``fairly sure'' he would be able to find legislation he could attach the amendment to next week.
HAITIANS WATCH FOR SIGNS OF INVASION PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti  (BC-HAITI-504&ADD-NYT) A propellor-driven airplane swooped noisily over the Haitian capital just before 3 o'clock Wednesday morning, awakening thousands of people and seeding the city with thousands of leaflets bearing the image of the ousted president, the Rev.
Women who carry a mutant version of the gene have an 85 percent lifetime risk of breast cancer, and many develop the disease before the age of 50.
Researchers said it might take at least a year before any test emerged from research laboratories.
When I see pictures of empty stadiums, I feel robbed of the peace and order of an undisturbed diamond in the hours before a game.
But they would not say what they agreed on or disagreed on, and acknowledged what Mitchell called ``the severity of the time constraints'' they face in trying to pass any bill before Congress' likely adjournment in mid-October.
I became homeless after my mother's death, hit the streets and dropped out of school, flirted with every temptation that was around, became a teen parent before my time, felt left out and victimized.'' Mfume said he turned his life around after a sort of religious epiphany.
To get into the mall, pedestrians have to walk around the building, go up an escalator or stairs and travel an additional 500 feet before entering the mall's second level, said Ronald Altoon, a partner at Altoon (plus sign) Porter, a Los Angeles-based architectural firm in charge of project design.
Redgrave, who was selected to record ``Gone With the Wind'' by audio producer John Wynn, said she'd not read the book before she was offered the chance to perform the audio version.
Sometimes they haven't had much to do before, and all of a sudden they're coming back for a very important scene.
The observatory was deployed with the shuttle's robot arm and permitted to speed about 60 miles in front of Discovery before mission commander Dick Richards and pilot Blaine Hammond began a series of maneuvers to gradually close the gap.
They should close to within 35 feet, so that astronaut Susan Helms can snatch the 1 1/2-ton Spartan with the shuttle's long robot arm just before 5 p.m. EDT.
Discovery will maneuver below, in front of and finally over the top of Spartan before attempting the retrieval.
Engineers noted that prelaunch tests of the system revealed the radar had to be cycled on and off a couple of times before it functioned correctly.
The two talk so fast, they are not always able to finish one sentence before flitting off to the next thought, then the next.
The officials stressed that Clinton and his aides are not optimistic that the junta will accept an offer to leave, but that they have to exhaust every peaceful effort before invading so that exiled President Rev.
In recent days, leading lawmakers, including some Democrats who generally support Clinton's foreign policy, have urged that he exhaust every other possibility before sending American troops in harm's way.
Lee Hamilton, D-Ind., who heads the House Foreign Affairs Committee, told reporters at a breakfast Wednesday that before invading, the United States should ``continue with the secret approach,'' although he declined to be more specific and did not confirm that the administration had begun a covert operation.
As invasion preparations continued, Perry met with troops in Norfolk, Va., Wednesday before they embarked on the aircraft carrier Eisenhower for Haiti.
I know best how to save our city from financial collapse, I know best how to get us moving.'' Despite a widespread belief before the primary that Barry would have difficulty moving beyond his base of lower-income supporters, his victory showed that his major campaign themes cut across economic lines among blacks.
He portrayed himself as better now than before, for overcoming drug and alcohol addiction and rehabilitating himself.
Rubino, had implicitly waived the right to keep the tapes confidential when he listened to them in an interview with CNN before the broadcast.
``I do not believe that the American people are convinced that we have a vital stake in Haiti.'' Gramm called on President Clinton to obtain a congressional vote on any proposed invasion, noting that then-President Bush sought such approval before the Persian Gulf War in 1991.
After being handed a note that the vote was procedural, Gramm said ``the hell with it'' and continued to take questions before the nationally televised audience.
The technician had been offered a job with the state -- and was considering whether to accept it -- before the troubles erupted this week.
``I do not believe that the American people are convinced that we have a vital stake in Haiti.'' Gramm called on President Clinton to obtain a congressional vote on any proposed invasion, noting that then-President Bush sought such approval before the Persian Gulf War in 1991.
After being handed a note that the vote was procedural, Gramm said ``the hell with it'' and continued to take questions before the nationally televised audience.
Then there is the old Ohio political tradition that says that a candidate for major statewide office has to lose at least once before he can win.
But as the White House stepped up the tempo of its warnings, saying the time for the junta was running ``very, very short,'' the president and his aides were trying harder than ever before to find a resonant argument that an invasion would be just and proper.
But even if the majority vote to stay in Canada, as they have before, the cultural split between English Canada and the French in Quebec will not fade away.
On sovereignty, the party has laid out three steps: an immediate parliamentary resolution saying Quebec should split, even before a referendum to determine the popular will; preparation of a new constitution, a huge task itself, and negotiations with Ottawa on arrangements for separation, which Ottawa would surely reject before a referendum and would fight if the referendum carried.
Women who inherit the defective gene have an estimated 85 percent chance of developing the cancer before the age of 65, experts say.
But it will be at least a year before the test can be perfected, he said.
Although an estimated 8 or 9 percent of all women are likely to develop breast cancer before the age of 85, the reassuring fact is that only one in 28 of those women will die of the disease by that age, he said.
Ferguson was taken to Coney Island Hospital, where he suffered convulsions before being operated on.
31, a year before his five-year contract expires.
 (BC-NY-HOUSING-2NDTAKE-NYT) The idea of turning tax-foreclosed apartment buildings over to for-profit owners has been tried before, with mixed results.
Howard Metzenbaum to modify baseball's antitrust exemption and bring an end to the strike was itself struck down Tuesday before it could reach the floor.
``We've been aware that the mechanism is there, but we're not sure we're going to use it.'' The Players Association has vowed to challenge an impasse before the National Labor Relations Board.
Brooks said the shutdown of the game ``has moved the issue of baseball antitrust exemption to the congressional-policy radar screen as never before.'' Though Congress has a busy agenda between now and Oct.
Then there is the old Ohio political tradition that says that a candidate for major statewide office has to lose at least once before he can win.
I know best how to save our city from financial collapse, I know best how to get us moving.'' Despite a widespread belief before the primary that Barry would have difficulty moving beyond his base of lower-income supporters, his victory showed that his major campaign themes cut across economic lines among blacks.
He portrayed himself as better now than before, for overcoming drug and alcohol addiction and rehabilitating himself.
He said he fully expected the evidence would be put before a grand jury by the Manhattan district attorney's office.
As Ms. Burstein stood before the people, she snapped a practiced glance of outrage here, a sudden grin of confidence there, then promised a statewide ``crusade'' against domestic violence and the state's firmest enforcement of laws to protect abortion clinics from violent protesters.
``Her papers would fly all over my desk.'' Some politicians think Ms. Burstein's style could prove too dark or angry before the fall campaign finishes, but Ms. Bellamy vouches for a quality of ``calmness'' and ``grounding'' that has come to the candidate with time in her assorted tasks.
``One: don't assume that you've won before you actually count the results.
And two: don't bleed before you've been cut.'' 
``We think the governor's counsel did an excellent job of weighing the impact of the bills currently pending before the Legislature and developing a foundation from which we can work to flesh out details of balanced and meaningful reform,'' said the chairman of the group, Eugene F.
An attorney for Parks said the deputy chief left Wednesday's meeting still weighing whether to retire before the pay reduction takes effect or whether to launch a possible legal challenge to the demotion on grounds that he was not given written justification of the move ahead of time.
But as they did before the 1991 Persian Gulf war, members from both parties insisted that the president had a constitutional duty to consult with Congress before sending American troops into war.
President Bush reluctantly asked Congress to endorse the offensive against Iraq, but he did not seek congressional approval before invading Panama, nor did President Reagan when he sent troops to Grenada.
Nunn said he believes Clinton should seek approval before invading Haiti because the administration is also going to need congressional support for the millions, ``perhaps billions,'' that will be needed in the future to help stabilize the country's young democracy.
``What consumes them is the apprehension climbers have before they make a move,'' Bowling said.
My thoughts are with the fans and our employees at this time.'' The World Series had been played annually since 1905, surviving the 1919 Black Sox Scandal, the Great Depression, two world wars, Vietnam and even the devastating 1989 Bay Area earthquake that struck 2{ hours before the scheduled start of Game 3 between the Oakland Athletics and San Francisco Giants.
Once (the strike) occurred, I knew it would be difficult to work out.'' The situation likely will get worse before it gets better.
It is hard now to think of any reason a settlement will be reached before next season can start on time.
They also previously asserted that police officers should have obtained a search warrant before they entered Simpson's property.
``We convinced ourselves and hopefully the fans that we were a legitimate contender.'' The highlight of the season was the Royals' 14-game winning streak that catapulted the team into contention just a week before the strike.
``Maybe you'd have stronger franchises,'' he said, ``but I don't think that would be much of a service to the fans in the cities that lost teams.'' The worst case scenario is that no agreement would be reached before next season, so owners would impose their proposal with salary cap and field teams with current players who broke with the union and a high percentage of players who are now in the minor leagues.
before games, you would hear that boom box going.
``The next step is to get something done so we don't have to go into Christmas and the new year without an agreement.'' Monteleone was optimistic that an agreement could be reached before the start of 1995 spring training, which is five months away.
Giants principal owner and managing partner Peter Magowan said he also fully expects a settlement before too long.
Hopefully, they can strike a bargain before there's an offseason of chaos.'' The chaos Moorad referred to is what the players' status will be if the owners declare an impasse and impose their salary-cap restriction.
``I want to have all the information I can from the PRC before we do make those moves.'' -- There are at least 10 potential free agents to deal with, whose time frame also has vanished.
After arthroscopic surgery on his right knee before the start of preseason practice, Shah played in three games, carrying a school-record 40 times (for 187 yards) against Stanford.
After arthroscopic surgery on his right knee before the start of preseason practice, Shah played in three games, carrying a school-record 40 times (for 187 yards) against Stanford.
``I remember the weekend everybody was getting on the bus for Arizona,'' he said, referring to the football team's Friday night hotel stay before home games.
The 49ers could not have signed Sanders now if the premature end to the baseball season had not given them a unique opening, by making Sanders available several weeks before he otherwise would have been.
The inspectors kept the cache and before I passed, I watched them stuff the goods into their own pockets.
None of them, however, are likely to assuage the disappointment that management exhibited on Wednesday, in the wake of Sanders' decision to join the NFC West rival 49ers -- a team that might be respected, but certainly isn't well-liked, in Suwanee, Ga. ``The thing that disappoints me the most,'' said Falcons coach June Jones following Wednesday's practice, ``is that Deion promised to call me before he did anything.
It is only a matter of time before the gene itself is found.
But Cannon-Albright said, ``With the general population, we need to know a lot more and have the other breast cancer genes in hand before we can do predictive testing for breast cancer risk.'' There are other ethical considerations as well.
A man who made (and inherited) enough money selling cars for his father's company that he was able to buy the Seattle Pilots from a bankruptcy court on April 1, 1970 -- yes, April Fool's Day -- and move the franchise to Milwaukee six days before that season began.
A man who made (and inherited) enough money selling cars for his father's company that he was able to buy the Seattle Pilots from a bankruptcy court on April 1, 1970 -- yes, April Fool's Day -- and move the franchise to Milwaukee six days before that season began.
The plan will seem so tidy, so self-serving, that it will seem as if management had this blueprint prepared months ago, well before any strike.
This lengthy legal fight could ultimately wind up before an administrative law judge who could either uphold the imposed salary-cap system or overturn it and award the union financial damages that might make the collusion judgments of the late 1980s look like small change.
The players have shown no visible cracks, but the way things have turned out there is some sentiment that Fehr underestimated the owners' resolve and hurt the players by not waiting until the end of the regular season (and end of regular paychecks) before calling the strike.
It could get worse if the union decides to play its biggest trump card, which is using the withheld pension payment that preceded the strike as grounds to argue before the National Labor Relations Board that the owners violated (and thus voided) the contracts of every major-league player.
He was the director of scouting for the San Diego Padres before being hired by the Rangers in November, 1984.
Grieve's firing came almost three hours before Bud Selig, the acting commissioner, called a news conference to say there would be no more major-league baseball this season.
He worked his way up to assistant director of player development, then spent two seasons directing the club's minor-league organization before he got his big break in 1984, when he was named GM.
Never before has a season ended this way, with the owners shutting it down because they can't reach an accord with the union on a new basic agreement.
But it would be an upset of stunning proportions if there was an agreement before Nov.
But I think Arkansas invested more into the game (a 34-14 opening victory against SMU), and the sad thing about this one was, we probably should have won it.'' One encouraging note was that the Mustangs almost pulled it out with a drive that reached the UCLA 3-yard line with 1:35 remaining before having the drive killed by a sack and a penalty.
Grieve, who has one year remaining on his contract, was told of the decision Tuesday before he, Johnson and Rangers manager Kevin Kennedy were scheduled to meet with Schieffer and Rose for a regularly scheduled baseball meeting.
Himes, who was also the White Sox general manager for four years, was a special scout for the Rangers in 1991 before being named Cubs general manager.
My thoughts are with the fans and our employees at this time.'' The World Series had been played annually since 1905, surviving the 1919 Black Sox Scandal, the Great Depression, two world wars, Vietnam and even the devastating 1989 Loma Prieta Earthquake that hit 2{ hours before the scheduled start of Game 3 between the Oakland Athletics and San Francisco Giants.
2, and with the players needing about a week of practice before resuming the season in the event of a settlement, Selig said there was no time to reach an agreement.
My thoughts are with the fans and our employees at this time.'' The World Series had been played annually since 1905, surviving the 1919 Black Sox Scandal, the Great Depression, two world wars, Vietnam and even the devastating 1989 Loma Prieta Earthquake that hit 2{ hours before the scheduled start of Game 3 between the Oakland Athletics and San Francisco Giants.
Back in March, before he was picked up, someone took potshots at Johnny's car, a silver gray Volvo, on Berlin Street off the Shankill Road.
``I come up with the name and label before I come up with the sauce.
Bennett Brown III, proprietor of Atlanta's Lowcountry Barbecue, got his from his father who got it from his sister who got it from an elderly pit master who scrawled it on a scrap of paper sack shortly before he died in their hometown of Kingstree, S.C. Brown Jr., a bank executive, promptly locked the scrap in a vault, as if he had Coca-Cola's secret formula.
If to be used as dipping sauce, boil any that comes in contact with raw meat before serving.
If to be used as a dipping sauce, boil any that comes in contact with raw meat before serving.
This prompted linebacker Randall Godfrey to say that he would ``knock out'' an opponent before seeing him gain 150 yards in 1994.
The decline of the Democratic Party in the South began in the civil rights era of the 1960s, long before this president came along.
WORLD'S ATHLETES TO GET TASTE OF HOME: MCDONALD'S TO BE IN OLYMPIC VILLAGE ATLANTA  (BC-MCDONALDS-OLYMPICS-COX) For the first time, thousands of Olympic athletes will be able to crawl out of bed and order an Egg McMuffin before heading off to the track or velodrome for the biggest competition of their lives.
The restaurants will start serving nearly two weeks before the Games open, beginning July 6, 1996, and continue after closing ceremonies through Aug.
``How much (damage) will have to be measured in time.'' Although baseball has weathered some tough storms before -- there have been seven previous work stoppages -- some say this one could deliver the final blow that knocks baseball for an unrecoverable loop.
None of the terrible strife had stopped the World Series before.
``I come up with the name and label before I come up with the sauce.
Bennett Brown III, proprietor of Atlanta's Lowcountry Barbecue, got his from his father who got it from his sister who got it from an elderly pit master who scrawled it on a scrap of paper sack shortly before he died in their hometown of Kingstree, S.C. Brown Jr., a bank executive, promptly locked the scrap in a vault, as if he had Coca-Cola's secret formula.
If to be used as dipping sauce, boil any that comes in contact with raw meat before serving.
If to be used as a dipping sauce, boil any that comes in contact with raw meat before serving.
This prompted linebacker Randall Godfrey to say that he would ``knock out'' an opponent before seeing him gain 150 yards in 1994.
The decline of the Democratic Party in the South began in the civil rights era of the 1960s, long before this president came along.
WORLD'S ATHLETES TO GET TASTE OF HOME: MCDONALD'S TO BE IN OLYMPIC VILLAGE ATLANTA  (BC-MCDONALDS-OLYMPICS-COX) For the first time, thousands of Olympic athletes will be able to crawl out of bed and order an Egg McMuffin before heading off to the track or velodrome for the biggest competition of their lives.
The restaurants will start serving nearly two weeks before the Games open, beginning July 6, 1996, and continue after closing ceremonies through Aug.
``How much (damage) will have to be measured in time.'' Although baseball has weathered some tough storms before -- there have been seven previous work stoppages -- some say this one could deliver the final blow that knocks baseball for an unrecoverable loop.
None of the terrible strife had stopped the World Series before.
Asked Tuesday whether Clinton had done enough on California immigration problems, Brown said, ``He has done more than any other president before him, but he is going to have to do more.'' Still, analysts say the fortunes of the candidates can change.
Goal number two was to have fun,'' said Diane Dulken, a conference participant from Washington, D.C. The tourism industry was looking brighter even before the nine-day conference began on Sept.
Yet late last month, a week before the opening of the conference, Islamic gunmen opened fire on a tour bus in southern Egypt, killing a Spanish teen-ager and wounding three others.
The ultra-lightweight pollen drifts and flies in from thousands of miles around just to lodge in our noses, eyes and throats and make us feel miserable from now until the first hard freeze -- not likely before late November.
Immigrants usually rent for several years before they buy, he said.
``Have you ever done anything like this before?'' asked a wide-eyed Keith.
When I see pictures of empty stadiums, I feel robbed of the peace and order of an undisturbed diamond in the hours before a game.
This is virgin territory for the cinema, and looks like no place we've seen before on film.
The divergence was not discussed at a meeting of the news editors a few hours before deadline.
Of course, I'd been aware of state controls over news accounts before arrival, but the reality turned out to be far more grim.
Older editors may recall the days before the Tiananmen crackdown, when some press freedom was emerging.
The divergence was not discussed at a meeting of the news editors a few hours before deadline.
Of course, I'd been aware of state controls over news accounts before arrival, but the reality turned out to be far more grim.
Older editors may recall the days before the Tiananmen crackdown, when some press freedom was emerging.
``We basically have three weeks before the planned recess, and most members are telling leaders they want to go home even earlier.'' Stark said he is disappointed Congress failed to act.
But ``Blue Sky,'' the film he completed shortly before he died of AIDS three years ago, turns out to be a wonderful posthumous triumph.
In the case of the ``sticky foam'' gun, there are clearly a few problems that must be solved before we can be be secure in the knowledge that our nation's law enforcement has the very finest weapons you could buy at any Toys R Us. But the Justice Department thinks it's onto something here and is willing to stick with it, if you will.
In the hands of a lesser writer, Vera might be seen simply as a self-sacrificing and visionary woman, willing to put the demands of a noble cause before her own needs.
The rogue cop reveals that he is working for Aaron McComb (Ron Silver), a powerful U.S. senator and presidential hopeful who oversees Max's agency -- and who, quite understandably, is trying to get it dismantled before it interferes with his admittedly unorthodox campaign funding strategy.
Van Doren was being fed answers beforehand by the show's producers, Dan Enright (Paymer) and Al Freedman (Azaria).
In the end, though, the absence of their signatures meant nothing because the mechanics for this day were already beyond braking long before Wednesday.
And that didn't matter, because the owners had their fallback position before they had their cap position, which we will come to know as, ``Screw 'em.
It includes a certain tolerance for other peoples' beliefs, which is not to be found in a lot of other religions.'' A week before shooting, Phillips participated in a South Dakota ceremony led by one of the film's American Indian consultants, medicine man Roger Bird.
Unlike ``The Player's'' killer studio executive, the Witners are creative-biz fringe players -- he was an agent and she some kind of designer before both of their careers imploded simultaneously.
Somebody probably should have thought of that before.
Formerly one of Britain's most sought-after session voices, she charted at home as lead singer of the folk-pop band Fairground Attraction before embarking on a solo career.
Both have run before and have better name recognition than Nethercutt.
	The United States and United Nations have taken the position that all three of the top military leaders must give up their posts before the international campaign to isolate Haiti can end.
Long before the show, Los Angeles lifeguards for decades have taken part in exchanges with guards from Australia and Mexico.
Long before the show, Los Angeles lifeguards for decades have taken part in exchanges with guards from Australia and Mexico.
His father was an Italian immigrant who died before Lawrence was born.
Both parents were gone before he was 2, he was abandoned at 6 and sent away by his caretakers as a teen-ager after leading his gang into petty crime.
Vargas learned of their plans and contacted her son during school, asking the two boys to flee before the day was over.
	Maurice Ferguson was in guarded condition at Coney Island Hospital and officials were optimistic the boy would survive after undergoing surgery the night before, said a hospital spokeswoman, Barbara Sullivan.
This week it was Hughes Aircraft, before that Kmart, before that General Electric and IBM -- plus the countless number of smaller trims you hear about only when it involves your own company or department.
This week it was Hughes Aircraft, before that Kmart, before that General Electric and IBM -- plus a countless number of smaller trims you hear about only when it involves your own company or department.
This week it was Hughes Aircraft, before that Kmart, before that General Electric and IBM -- plus the countless number of smaller trims you hear about only when it involves your own company or department.
 (BC-PUNKROCK-TOADIES-2ndTake-TEX) Various drummers, including Michael Jerome of Course of Empire, filtered in and out before the group decided on Reznicek.
Using it this way is creative and merits high marks.'' Although the USS Eisenhower and the USS America are the first real tests of what the military dubs ``adaptive force packaging,'' it was tried once before on a smaller scale by Miller and Powell.
Partly this is because of the goofy, Catch-22 logic of the theater; producers who feel they have artistically strong and commercially viable material shy away from theaters that haven't presented artistically strong, commercially viable material before.
With expansion to Sun Belt cities, growing television exposure, a European talent wave and a championship team in New York City, hockey enjoys wider visibility and greater acceptance than ever before in the United States.
Twenty years ago, it would have sounded far-fetched to predict that soccer's World Cup would be held successfully in the United States before capacity crowds and television audiences that were more than respectable.
The document before them was the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
Mascis has written great pop songs before -- ``The Wagon'' from '91's ``Green Mind'' and ``Out There'' from ``Where You Been'' -- but this time he has tightened and sharpened his attack through an entire CD.
Mascis has written great pop songs before -- ``The Wagon'' from '91's ``Green Mind'' and ``Out There'' from ``Where You Been'' -- but this time he has tightened and sharpened his attack through an entire CD.
Between then and last year, the band scored some decent classic-rock-radio hits (''Holy Water'' and ``Boys Cry Tough'') and toured the country before crowds that never fell below decent in size.
He looks incredibly young to me,'' said Ralphs, a no-frills, veteran English rocker who was a mainstay of the glam/hard-rock band Mott the Hoople before joining the bluesier Bad Company in the early 1970s.
He's got the hunger you need to be successful.'' Ralphs knows something about hunger during his stint with Mott the Hoople during its early, scuffling days, before the stardom brought by ``All the Young Dudes'' and ``All the Way From Memphis.'' He then climbed the ladder with Bad Company on the back of hits like ``Can't Get Enough'' and ``Bad Company,'' and ``then'' had to do it all over again when Bad Company re-formed in the mid-1980s.
PASSAGES ``Afoot and light-hearted I take to the open road, ``Healthy, free, the world before me, ``The long brown path before me leading wherever I choose.'' --Walt Whitman, ``Song of the Open Road,'' from ``Leaves of Grass'' UP THERE Climbing Everest (kind of) Nepal's national flag, surprisingly, is not rectangular.
Last week against Kentucky, the team that led to his demotion a season ago, Dean completed 15 of 22 passes for 201 yards and 4 touchdowns before he was removed early in the third quarter.
Forget Japan; our children should be learning Chinese.'' --Japan: ``I can see Japanese capital combining with Chinese labor to develop Siberia's vast resources into fantastic wealth.'' --The United States: ``Our system is so rotten, so corrupted and bloated with debt, obvious and disguised, that no matter what any politician does, it will become the focus of an immense crisis before the decade is over....
In December, both Kimbell paintings will be included in a Mondrian retrospective that debuts in The Hague before traveling to Washington and New York.
The trade-press reporter types, who are typically young and ambitious, include: the Prober, who is always challenging everything said; the Machine Gunner, who doesn't wait for an answer before asking the next question; the Mike Wallace type, who revels in being aggressive; the Bob Woodward, who prefers an analytical approach, and the Columbo, who lands the sneaky rabbit-punch question when it's least expected.
On the screen, a group of lifeguards tended to a near-drowning victim, placing her on a backboard before lifting her into an ambulance.
On the screen, a group of lifeguards tended to a near-drowning victim, placing her on a backboard before lifting her into an ambulance.
Perhaps Vanity Fair should gird its loins against such a time by running its own quiz, which it could call ``The Vanity Index.'' A typical item, taken from its current fare, might read: Which of these men had affairs with Grace Kelly before she became a princess -- (a) Clark Gable, (b) Ray Milland, (c) William Holden or (d) Oleg Cassini.
The real answer, of course, is that tabloid TV lowers standards in ways unimaginable when the quiz shows asked ``The $64,000 Question.'' Even before O.J. Simpson goes on trial, their outrages are enough to send one hurtling back through Time.
The United States and the United Nations say all three military leaders must resign before the international effort to isolate Haiti can end.
The Giants are 2-0 and have a good shot at going 3-0 before the bye week.
IN HER OWN WAY, BARBARA BUSH IS ONE TOUGH LADY  (BC-HOOD-COL-KAN-KAN) It's no surprise that Barbara Bush -- the feisty, no-nonsense, tell-it-straight-from-the-lip half of the Barbara and George partnership -- completed her memoirs before her husband.
With his lead down to 2 up at the 17th tee, he hit the shank heard round the world -- a 2-iron that almost never got airborne before splashing in the lake.
If the matches end tied on Sunday, two players, designated before the day begins, will play sudden death to settle it.
In shipping now, Nexgen will reach the marketplace before samples from Advanced Micro Devices Inc., the largest maker of Intel clones, and Cyrix Corp., both of which said they would ship samples later this year, and parts in volume in 1995.
As pro ballers we'll average $1.2 million a year, get free food and massages in the clubhouse, go on talk shows where men in the audiences beg for our underwear, work from April to ``at the most'' October and retire before the age of 35 with great benefits.
The religious groups said the Justice Department's action threatened to weaken the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, enacted in November 1993, which says that government authorities must show a ``compelling interest'' before they may interfere in religious practices.
 (BC-GRIEF-YOUTHCENTER-2ndTake-TEX) ``We've also dealt with a lot more violent deaths in the last two or three years,'' said Bohme, who lost a child several years before The Warm Place opened.
My mother and my father are in this grave.'' Pacifique Mutimura, who is 9, hid for a day under the piles of bodies before he dared to run away.
TOO BAD YANKS CAN'T FRAME ROSTER NEW YORK  (BC-BBA-YANKEES-440&ADD-NYT) When the Yankees assemble for their 1995 team picture, if there is a 1995 season, there will definitely be some fresh faces before the camera.
Aides figured Wilder needed to set aside $1.5 million for television ads in the weeks before the election, but he did not have even one dollar available.
``I had clear legal advice that what I was doing was absolutely proper,'' said Johnson, a witness in the third day of the trial before Hoeveler.
But Thursday Hoeveler read portions of a statement he made in his U.S. District Court chambers in November 1990, just an hour before the network first broadcast the tapes.
3, the day before the Federal Reserve Board raised interest rates for the first time this year.
The Dow, these traders warned, has a potential for a sharp drop, especially since much of the last-minute rise Thursday was a result of a huge computer program that bought and sold millions of shares in hundreds of stocks just minutes before the market closed and accounted for more than a third of the advance.
Their aim is to reach agreement with Mitchell, get the bill evaluated by the Congressional Budget Office and then to take the measure before the Senate.
O'Donnell said Moynihan had to wait for calculations from the Joint Congressional Committee on Taxation and the Congressional Budget Office before he would know how many people would be covered.
``We now can consider making electronic components in sizes and shapes we wouldn't consider before.'' Dr. Alan Heeger of the University of California at Santa Barbara, a physicist who also works on polymer devices, said the French work had shown that a simple technique could be used to make plastic electronics.
He wanted to put himself in position to demand a healthy new contract from the New York Mets before he reached free-agent status in the fall.
A current New York Yankee pitcher, Steve Howe, underwent drug rehabilitation after the 1982 season, and before the 1983 season was over he had been suspended three times, the last an indefinite suspension that lasted through the 1984 season.
Mets' General Manager Joe McIlvaine was not available for comment Thursday, but in the past he has made it clear that he needed to see something more from Gooden before he felt comfortable even considering a new contract.
But before they are allowed to do so, the public must be compensated, just as shareholders in a private firm are when a company is sold.
In London, where Warner was a senior officer from 1983 to 1987, he had an opportunity to develop and apply nonlending skills such as selling stocks and bonds long before those activities were allowed in the United States.
After spending eight years as a currency trader -- a job he valued because ``I learned to control downside risk'' -- he became manager of the London office before moving to New York in 1971.
Body Shop strongly denied the allegations before and after the article was published.
But even before this month the ``raison d'etre'' of the movement was undergoing challenge.
Nhem was 21 at the time, engaged to be married and the father of a boy born a month before.
Sam Nang Nhem's father, Khun Nhem, was a soldier in the Cambodian army before the government fell on April 17, 1975.
``And we had to walk day and night through mine fields.'' The Nhems spent five years in a refugee camp in Thailand before the United States granted them asylum.
Peairs felt such terror on seeing Hattori and why her husband didn't wait longer before firing his gun.
The United States and the United Nations say all three military leaders must resign before the international effort to isolate Haiti can end.
As the Pentagon mobilized reserve units and American warships steamed toward Haiti, the president belatedly set his full rationale for an invasion before the nation in a televised attempt to rally public support for imminent military action.
26 issue of The Polling Report that Clinton benefited once before from a burst of patriotic fervor.
Indeed, at Sheepshead Bay High School, safety officers with hand-held scanners stopped random searches of students for weapons at 1:30 p.m. Wednesday -- 10 minutes before Maurice Ferguson, 15, was shot with a .32 caliber handgun while he and the suspect, David Estrada, stood in a school stairwell.
The school has a single walk-through metal detector at the main entrance, through which all 1,300 students are supposed to pass before being scanned a second time.
``What it says is, we have a crime problem in the city -- and a gun problem -- that we have to do more and more to deal with,'' Giuliani said Thursday, standing in the City Hall rotunda before the meeting.
``The night before this happened, I asked him does he miss his father,'' said Ms. Zummo, ``and he said, `I miss him every day.
Investors have been encouraged by recent data confirming expectations that the Federal Reserve will not raise interest rates before November.
Pataki said Thursday that he thought those measures should have been first debated in committee before coming to the Senate floor for a vote.
Hardesty, information director of the AFL-CIO, thinks the strike will be settled before the 1995 season.
The person will review his travel and speech schedule before final approval.
``Given the fact that it's Haiti, and it does seem peripheral to so many people,'' a senior administration official said Thursday, ``it would have been hard to win a public debate on the idea that this was something we had to do.'' Only twice before has Clinton addressed the nation from the Oval Office on issues of national security.
It hurt me inside.'' An injury to Semak's right knee against Edmonton shortly before Christmas required arthroscopic surgery, and that further hampered his effectiveness.
He considered Notre Dame and Clemson, coming close to choosing the Irish, before opting for Nebraska.
For now, though, he's perfect for Nebraska's offense and said he has no plans to leave school before his senior year.
He noted, however, that a stock option plan for WellPoint managers is currently pending before the Department of Corporations.
But even before President Clinton began his nationally-televised Oval Office address, many members, sensing a lack of public support, were logging their opposition to an invasion.
House Speaker Tom Foley of Washington and Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine, both of whom urged Clinton to obtain congressional approval before military action, were on flights to the West Coast as the speech was being delivered.
``I have confidence in my ability and I expect a lot out of myself.'' Stauber certainly expected to play in more than 22 games last year, nine fewer than the year before when as a rookie he bolted to a 9-0-1 start and finished 15-8-4; he also went 3-1 in the playoffs his first season, but only after Melrose ridiculed his resolve and demoted him to third-string behind Hrudey and career minor-leaguer Rick Knickle.
But if I can get through that, and the stuff I went through my first year and three years of injuries before that, I think I'll be all right.'' Stauber hasn't always agreed with Melrose's methods, but he said, ``I probably wouldn't be here without Barry Melrose.
But even before President Clinton began his nationally-televised Oval Office address, many members, sensing a lack of public support, were logging their opposition to an invasion.
House Speaker Tom Foley of Washington and Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine, both of whom urged Clinton to obtain congressional approval before military action, were on flights to the West Coast as the speech was being delivered, staff members said.
Bob Hamelin's exceptional rookie season may have been aided by McRae platooning the left-handed slugger for half a season before allowing him to face left-handed pitchers.
His teams seldom showed much of a spark, until the 14-game winning streak that thrust the Royals into contention shortly before this season's premature end.
He worked for The New York World-Telegram and The New York American before joining CBS.
He was a civilian newsman before he joined the Marines and went ashore at Iwo Jima with a rifle and a typewriter.
Markson was among the founders of the Milwaukee Repertory Theater, and she later helped found the American Conservatory Theater in Pittsburgh before the company moved to San Francisco in 1967; until 1980, she was vice president of the theater's board.
``This is much safer than I felt before.'' Ms. Lara has also made a new friend, Rafaela Yarro, who lives next door with her husband and three sons.
``I'm not saying there are no problems, but if you can leave your doors open in the Bronx, I think that says a lot.'' Mohamed said that before he moved in he was concerned about living with homeless families, but now he believes his fear was based on misconceptions.
She and her sons had been burned out of their decrepit building in the Tremont section of the Bronx several months before, and had been living in a homeless shelter in Brooklyn.
Why the large-market teams allowed him to control it as he did, I don't understand.'' Meanwhile, ownership also will regroup next week, preparing for what could be a very unpleasant round of hearings starting Thursday before the House Judiciary Committee, during which the sport's 72-year-old antitrust exemption will be examined.
Owners reportedly are awaiting a union response to a request to refrain from any legal filings before the National Labor Relations Board for at least a month, providing a window during which -- perhaps -- the atmosphere will be more conducive to reviving talks.
``And as far as the invasion itself, while (Berman) would like to see the thugs who run Haiti ousted, he's not sure an invasion is the way to go.'' Presidents have snubbed Congress many times before, and there is little that a lawmaker can say in protest once troops are in battle, Waldman said.
Carlos Moorhead, R-Pasadena, said Clinton has avoided Congress, ``because he knows he'll be outvoted.'' Gallegly sent Clinton a letter Monday asking that he not send American troops into battle ``before clearly evaluating American national interests, defining U.S. military objectives and, most importantly, getting the support of the American people.'' Rep.
Long before the game turned into a blowout, they established that they were going to win or lose with the pass.
Peairs felt such terror on seeing Hattori and why her husband didn't wait longer before firing his gun.
``There was no rationale before the speech, and there was no rationale after the speech,'' said Rep.
``But we've really been concentrating on playing, rather than everything else that's been in the media.'' Slocum said this team has had one bad day of practice, the Wednesday before the opener with Louisiana State.
I'm not even guaranteed of playing in the NBA yet.'' That decision, NBA officials said, should come before the end of the month, just before training camp starts Oct.7. Originally scheduled to be finished in late-August, Tarpley's case has been slowed by the World Basketball Championships in Toronto and by problems getting Greece officials to cooperate with a background security check.
``The idea of the whole thing is to have it be a guessing game between the offense and defense.'' Jackson and Fleming have combined for zero career receptions, have yet to be activated for a National Football League game, and before this week, had concentrated mostly on playing the outside receiver.
I'm going on and try to improve and get better on each and every down that I play.'' Cowboys vice president Stephen Jones said he had been trying to work out a contract extension with Hennings before the season started.
``Given the fact that it's Haiti, and it does seem peripheral to so many people,'' a senior administration official said Thursday, ``it would have been hard to win a public debate on the idea that this was something we had to do.'' Only twice before has Clinton addressed the nation from the Oval Office on issues of national security.
But an American administration can perform only so many U-turns, rattle its sword only so much, before it loses face.
If it does, it will be easier to argue for a patient untangling of the problem, rather than precipitate withdrawal, if American voters feel they have been leveled with beforehand.
He may begin to wonder why he had not done more before, and what he might do next.
But an American administration can perform only so many U-turns, rattle its sword only so much, before it loses face.
If it does, it will be easier to argue for a patient untangling of the problem, rather than precipitate withdrawal, if American voters feel they have been leveled with beforehand.
He may begin to wonder why he had not done more before, and what he might do next.
Most lawmakers (Republicans to the fore this time, and with the support of a cluster of eminent law professors) think that before troops are sent to Haiti Congress should be allowed to vote on the matter, as it did before the Gulf war.
If given the chance, a deeply skeptical Congress might veto an invasion, thus constraining the president in a way that has never happened before in American history.
Most lawmakers (Republicans to the fore this time, and with the support of a cluster of eminent law professors) think that before troops are sent to Haiti Congress should be allowed to vote on the matter, as it did before the Gulf war.
If given the chance, a deeply skeptical Congress might veto an invasion, thus constraining the president in a way that has never happened before in American history.
Most lawmakers (Republicans to the fore this time, and with the support of a cluster of eminent law professors) think that before troops are sent to Haiti Congress should be allowed to vote on the matter, as it did before the Gulf war.
If given the chance, a deeply skeptical Congress might veto an invasion, thus constraining the president in a way that has never happened before in American history.
More than any postwar chancellor before him, Kohl dominates his party, his cabinet, and the machinery of government.
Kohl was reaping the uncertainty sown in Russian minds by Adenauer and Brandt: Adenauer who anchored his country in the West, Brandt, whose Ostpolitik reassured Russians about lowering their guard before a historic enemy.
On Europe, he may justly feel that he has much unfinished business to complete before the Maastricht review conference in 1996.
Asked not long ago if a re-elected Kohl might step down before his term was up, in 1996 say, Schauble replied that German chancellors are chosen for four years, ``and besides we don't discuss the problem.'' Realizing what he had said, the loyal dauphin corrected himself: ``I mean `question'.'' A prosperous, stable Germany committed to a more united Europe will outlast Chancellor Kohl.
More than any postwar chancellor before him, Kohl dominates his party, his cabinet, and the machinery of government.
Kohl was reaping the uncertainty sown in Russian minds by Adenauer and Brandt: Adenauer who anchored his country in the West, Brandt, whose Ostpolitik reassured Russians about lowering their guard before a historic enemy.
On Europe, he may justly feel that he has much unfinished business to complete before the Maastricht review conference in 1996.
Asked not long ago if a re-elected Kohl might step down before his term was up, in 1996 say, Schauble replied that German chancellors are chosen for four years, ``and besides we don't discuss the problem.'' Realizing what he had said, the loyal dauphin corrected himself: ``I mean `question'.'' A prosperous, stable Germany committed to a more united Europe will outlast Chancellor Kohl.
The trouble in Saudi Arabia is that nobody is willing to admit a problem.'' Saudis may have to do so before long.
Many old contracts have had to be retendered for, and government departments have to get approval from the finance ministry before they spend.
The trouble in Saudi Arabia is that nobody is willing to admit a problem.'' Saudis may have to do so before long.
Many old contracts have had to be retendered for, and government departments have to get approval from the finance ministry before they spend.
It will help our defense because before, it was like Deion and the rest of the defense.
When we were losing before he joined us during the season, it was like we were losing because he wasn't here.
Parents are urged to learn more about the film before taking children.
About 52 people before they're put in Tommy Lee Jones' jail.
This mother and daughter said they rarely feel jittery before a flight.
A quick bit of background: The movie was directed by the brilliant Tony Richardson (``Tom Jones'') shortly before he died of AIDS complications in 1991.
People like me who grew up on the Gulf Coast consider it necessary to know about the weather even before they are fully awake, even before they put on the coffeepot.
Seeds are cheap, these require little attention and it seems to me when I stand before them, barefooted and in my shimmy, that they are a gift to sing about.
``Deep River,'' preferably sung by a bass, asks ``O don't you want to go to that promised land, that land where all is peace.'' I like it here when the weather is so fine and the morning glories so beautiful, so I switch to ``Little David, play on your harp, Hallelu, Hallelu.'' One song I wasn't acquainted with is ``Keep a-Inchin' Along.'' The chorus says, ``Keep a-inchin' along, Keep a-inchin' along; Keep a-inchin' along, like a poor inchworm.'' The conclusion is that you die one time but you ain't gwine die no more because ``Jesus is a-comin' by and by.'' And consider ``I know the Lord's Laid His Hands on Me,'' with the line, ``Did you ever see the like before?'' (Celestine Sibley is a columnist for the Atlanta Journal-Constitution.) .
Republicans, who are now demanding Congress approve a Haiti invasion before it occurs, have made unusually partisan comments accusing Clinton of acting solely for political reasons.
For several months before the landing at Palm Beach, the missionaries periodically flew from Shell over the Huaorani village in the Amazon rain forest, or Oriente.
The missionaries cooked hamburgers for their visitors, shared insect repellent with them, even took them for rides over the dense green forest in the yellow Piper, which the Indians named the ``wood bee.'' The Americans showed the Huaorani a photograph of Dayuma, a woman from their tribe who had fled many years before, during a wave of intratribal killings.
For several months before the landing at Palm Beach, the missionaries periodically flew from Shell over the Huaorani village in the Amazon rain forest, or Oriente.
The missionaries cooked hamburgers for their visitors, shared insect repellent with them, even took them for rides over the dense green forest in the yellow Piper, which the Indians named the ``wood bee.'' The Americans showed the Huaorani a photograph of Dayuma, a woman from their tribe who had fled many years before, during a wave of intratribal killings.
But behind these formal signs of allied backing for the United States -- superficially reminiscent of the U.S.-led coalition formed before the Gulf War in 1990-91 -- lurks widespread skepticism over the Clinton administration's motives and even greater doubts whether much, if anything, lasting will be achieved in Haiti.
An administration official said he hopes the Gorman group will make consensus easier -- and boost chances that Clinton can announce the policy, backed by business leaders, in a public ceremony at the White House before the Nov.
An administration official said he hopes the Gorman group will make consensus easier -- and boost chances that Clinton can announce the policy, backed by business leaders, in a public ceremony at the White House before the Nov.
When U.S. troops invaded the Caribbean island of Grenada in 1983, Navy SEALS -- specially trained Sea, Air and Land commandos -- and other special operations units went ashore hours before the attack to secure airports, inspect beachheads and set up electronics gear to help guide U.S. aircraft to landing areas, where they delivered troops, equipment and supplies.
Others predict that the two sides will somehow come to their senses before next spring and reach an agreement of some sort -- and that the fans will come flocking back, just as they always have after being slapped in the face by their beloved game.
But an American administration can perform only so many U-turns, rattle its sword only so much, before it loses face.
If it does, it will be easier to argue for a patient untangling of the problem, rather than precipitate withdrawal, if American voters feel they have been leveled with beforehand.
He may begin to wonder why he had not done more before, and what he might do next.
But an American administration can perform only so many U-turns, rattle its sword only so much, before it loses face.
If it does, it will be easier to argue for a patient untangling of the problem, rather than precipitate withdrawal, if American voters feel they have been leveled with beforehand.
He may begin to wonder why he had not done more before, and what he might do next.
Most lawmakers (Republicans to the fore this time, and with the support of a cluster of eminent law professors) think that before troops are sent to Haiti Congress should be allowed to vote on the matter, as it did before the Gulf war.
If given the chance, a deeply skeptical Congress might veto an invasion, thus constraining the president in a way that has never happened before in American history.
Most lawmakers (Republicans to the fore this time, and with the support of a cluster of eminent law professors) think that before troops are sent to Haiti Congress should be allowed to vote on the matter, as it did before the Gulf war.
If given the chance, a deeply skeptical Congress might veto an invasion, thus constraining the president in a way that has never happened before in American history.
Most lawmakers (Republicans to the fore this time, and with the support of a cluster of eminent law professors) think that before troops are sent to Haiti Congress should be allowed to vote on the matter, as it did before the Gulf war.
If given the chance, a deeply skeptical Congress might veto an invasion, thus constraining the president in a way that has never happened before in American history.
More than any postwar chancellor before him, Kohl dominates his party, his cabinet, and the machinery of government.
Kohl was reaping the uncertainty sown in Russian minds by Adenauer and Brandt: Adenauer who anchored his country in the West, Brandt, whose Ostpolitik reassured Russians about lowering their guard before a historic enemy.
On Europe, he may justly feel that he has much unfinished business to complete before the Maastricht review conference in 1996.
Asked not long ago if a re-elected Kohl might step down before his term was up, in 1996 say, Schauble replied that German chancellors are chosen for four years, ``and besides we don't discuss the problem.'' Realizing what he had said, the loyal dauphin corrected himself: ``I mean `question'.'' A prosperous, stable Germany committed to a more united Europe will outlast Chancellor Kohl.
More than any postwar chancellor before him, Kohl dominates his party, his cabinet, and the machinery of government.
Kohl was reaping the uncertainty sown in Russian minds by Adenauer and Brandt: Adenauer who anchored his country in the West, Brandt, whose Ostpolitik reassured Russians about lowering their guard before a historic enemy.
On Europe, he may justly feel that he has much unfinished business to complete before the Maastricht review conference in 1996.
Asked not long ago if a re-elected Kohl might step down before his term was up, in 1996 say, Schauble replied that German chancellors are chosen for four years, ``and besides we don't discuss the problem.'' Realizing what he had said, the loyal dauphin corrected himself: ``I mean `question'.'' A prosperous, stable Germany committed to a more united Europe will outlast Chancellor Kohl.
The trouble in Saudi Arabia is that nobody is willing to admit a problem.'' Saudis may have to do so before long.
Many old contracts have had to be retendered for, and government departments have to get approval from the finance ministry before they spend.
The trouble in Saudi Arabia is that nobody is willing to admit a problem.'' Saudis may have to do so before long.
Many old contracts have had to be retendered for, and government departments have to get approval from the finance ministry before they spend.
Where we are now is we have answers to all these questions.'' To be sure, it may be 18 months or more before any antisense drugs receive Federal approval and find their way into marketable products and regular medical use.
Take John Schwartz, a sales executive from the Bronx: ``I can say that the last baseball game I ever attended was Phil Rizzuto night at Yankee Stadium a couple of days before the strike.
There have been strikes before -- this is the eighth in about 20 years -- but this time there is a sourness to the dispute that has never been felt before.
Take John Schwartz, a sales executive from the Bronx: ``I can say that the last baseball game I ever attended was Phil Rizzuto night at Yankee Stadium a couple of days before the strike.
There have been strikes before -- this is the eighth in about 20 years -- but this time there is a sourness to the dispute that has never been felt before.
Take John Schwartz, a sales executive from the Bronx: ``I can say that the last baseball game I ever attended was Phil Rizzuto night at Yankee Stadium a couple of days before the strike.
There have been strikes before -- this is the eighth in about 20 years -- but this time there is a sourness to the dispute that has never been felt before.
Haven't we seen this square-jawed, leather-jacketed, heavily accented fellow before?
And they are doubly interested if a horse was losing races or limping just before its death.
Undercover Florida agiculture agents who had staked out a stable Ray was visiting watched as Ray's traveling companion smashed the gelding's leg with a crowbar before he could be stopped.
Carmines said he didn't receive the letter until May and carried it with him for several weeks before responding.
WASHINGTON  (BC-SUPERFUND-$ADV18(EDS: File in both the ``w'' and ``f''-HNS) With both health care reform and welfare reform dead for the year, Superfund reform has suddenly emerged as one of the sexiest legislative issues Congress will take up before quitting in three weeks.
A conference committee would then reconcile differences in the House and Senate versions before a final vote in both chambers.
``We are at the end of the session and it's very important that this pass'' before Congress quits in October, said Deborah DeYoung, spokeswoman for the Senate environment committee.
CONGRESS TURNS TO SUPERFUND REFORM AS OTHER ISSUES HIT GRIDLOCK WASHINGTON  (BC-SUPERFUND-$ADV18-HNS) With both health care reform and welfare reform dead for the year, Superfund reform has suddenly emerged as one of the sexiest legislative issues Congress will take up before quitting in three weeks.
A conference committee would then reconcile differences in the House and Senate versions before a final vote in both chambers.
``We are at the end of the session and it's very important that this pass'' before Congress quits in October, said Deborah DeYoung, spokeswoman for the Senate environment committee.
	Right wing groups have threatened to bomb the theaters that show the film, which looks sympathetically at a band of communist guerillas before and during the Korean War, and the police have sought an indictment of the novel's author, Cho Jung Rae, on charges that his 10-volume epic is pro-communist.
She remains on call as a resource for lawmakers trying to negotiate compromise health care reform legislation before Congress adjourns.
``They're in sandy soil, and they like to be baked like mad.'' But these are just little treats before the orgy that begins in April, with the single early tulips like General de Wet, a fragrant luminous orange and gold 15-incher, and the huge-flowered fosterianas, like Golden Emperor and the fiery-red Madame Lefeber.
``I've been around Mike now for a lot of years,'' said Reeves, who coached Horan in Denver for eight years before bringing him to the Giants last season.
But the president has also made it clear that he will not wait for public backing before committing U.S. troops to armed conflict.
``We have in 54 days the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to send the message to this city that a sea of change for common sense and traditional values sweeps from one end of the country to another as never seen before,'' said Ralph Reed, the group's boyish-looking executive director.
Nancy Kassebaum, R-Kansas, said it is unlikely that even minor health care reforms will be adopted by Congress before it adjourns next month.
Kelley, creator of CBS' ``Picket Fences'' and writer of virtually every episode, I had inordinately high hopes for ``Chicago Hope,'' Kelley's new medical drama that premieres Sunday night before moving to its regular Thursday slot.
According to an FEC conciliation agreement released Friday, the Friends of Newt Gingrich committee received the donations of $1,000 or more from 22 individuals, political action committees, and businesses shortly before the November election day but failed to disclose them until a month later.
And nobody has done a medical conference before, but my work as a biographer allowed me to amass a great deal of information about Liszt's aches and pains, which is going to be looked at by a panel that includes a cardiologist, a dermatologist and a psychiatrist.'' Gottfried Wagner, a grandson of Richard Wagner, will discuss the relationship between Liszt and Wagner.
Clinton in his speech Thursday night pledged that the bulk of U.S. forces would leave Haiti as soon as possible, but the president Friday said that an unspecified number of troops would be left behind for a period of months before the nation-rebuilding effort is handed over to a United Nations force.
Othy Inc., for instance, processes components for the manufacturers and many of their out-of-town rivals on its computer-controlled machine tools and makes specialty screw drivers, mallets, orthopedic forceps and tools that clean debris from joints before implants are placed in them.
But even Biomet, which has been gaining on its competitors, has been hurt by failing to keep up with Wall Street's expectations -- its stock topped $23 in early 1992 but then fell in stages to a low of $8.875 in September 1993, before edging back up.
And in 1996, he said, ``I don't see any way under heaven where the current occupant of the White House is going to have another term.'' With the Christian Coalition rising in influence in the Republican Party, several of the potential GOP presidential candidates appeared before the convention to criticize Clinton's crime, welfare and health reforms.
Part of the mystery was solved before the meeting.
After some discussion, Mr. Elliott agreed to visit Korea to examine Iljin's plant before deciding on the job, although he never went.
After the tournament, the executive was taken into custody, flown to Columbus and put before the grand jury.
In early February of 1994, the Justice Department was about to indict G.E. and Welch went to Washington to argue his case before Ms. Bingaman.
``There are a lot of people who want to go back to what we had before, and they are disappointed the Social Democrats are not promising to do that,'' said Olaf Sandertsoon, an editor of Dagens Nyhuter, one of Stockholm's main newspapers.
Right-wing groups have threatened to bomb the theaters that show the film, which takes a sympathetic look at a band of communist guerrillas before and during the Korean War.
``We said before that we would cooperate with the government because we sincerely wanted to work for reform,'' Mr. Kim said.
Muslims have taken our cow and our gardens, too, and it really bothers me to see them walk around wearing our clothes.'' ``We can't do anything except watch,'' the 55-year-old woman said before remarking about how fortunate she and her husband have been compared with the hundreds of thousands of other Bosnians driven from their homes over the last two years, perhaps forever.
Carter, 69, earned an appointment to the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis, Md., following World War II and served in the Navy's nuclear submarine service in the early 1950s before retiring to take over his father's prosperous peanut-raising, warehousing and cotton ginning businesses.
Here's a letter from the Labette County assessor in 1945 to E.H. Illian, the co-op manager: ``In checking our records we findthe tax on the (the co-op) property will be eighty-five (.85) cents if paid on or before the 15 of September.'' Prices were commensurate.
They don't even know that they have to come up with a marketable idea before they can start collecting money from investors.
Experts estimate the invasion would last somewhere between six hours and five days before the Haitian regime would be toppled.
``We sent the Marines in once before to save Haiti,'' said Steve Butler, a retired U.S. Army colonel who specialized in Latin America, including Haiti, and who now teaches political science at Kansas State University.
With 53 days remaining before the Nov.
President Clinton called it a ``historic step -- one that has been delayed for much too long.'' Smaller banks that could be hurt by the bill got one concession: for now, big banks must buy a bank in a state before launching an invasion.
The senator retaliates by dispatching killers into the past to destroy Max even before he becomes a Timecop.
Claudio Brocado, director of research for Valores Finamex, a brokerage house with offices in Mexico City and New York, said the bulk of the rally related to the Zedillo win took place two weeks before the election.
``Markets always discount scheduled events before they happen,'' he said.
``Now that it's clear there's no post-election rally, they're waiting for the market to hit bottom before they go in.'' Many analysts expect the market to pick up after Zedillo is inaugurated on Dec.
Some prison experts saw in the new law an echo of the grim era before 1972.
In Louisiana, legislators passed a law banning martial arts in state prisons and considered a ban on television before state corrections officials lobbied against it.
With equal doses of biting humor and quick thinking they can dazzle and distract their opponents before zeroing in for the kill.
Durante was a self-styled rebel, who went from school to pool hall and on to jobs as a locksmith, plumber and printer before enrolling in college.
Ms. Collins, who said she's been praying every day, said she would not invoke a last minute prayer before the debate.
``You say `He!' '' she replied, before launching on a mini discourse on feminism and religion.
And journeyman cornerback Muhammad Oliver, who is in his third season and has never started an NFL game, is expected to replace cornerback Frankie Smith, who was filling in for the starter, Troy Vincent, before he suffered a right knee injury last week.
``We feel good about him.'' Miami will also be without rookie running back Irving Spikes, who rushed for 70 yards against Green Bay before injuring his right knee.
It was five years before Maltin was asked to do a new edition of the guide, but by the early 1980s the twin revolutions of cable and home video -- coupled with his new-found visibility on ``Entertainment Tonight'' -- changed everything.
The epic was supposed to run during the pennant races and a week or two before the postseason -- games that now will never be played.
But ``Baseball'' is art, an enduring gift to the national pastime whose messages of permanence, renewal and spirit should be heeded by the game's feuding professional custodians before it's too late.
There was quite a bit to do.'' Lee, 27, added that being half Chinese and half Hawaiian, he had a particular interest in the island, of which he knew little before his arrival.
He had hoped the film's anthropological and ecological aspects would be more prominent than they turned out to be, but said he personally profited from his first-hand observation of a culture that is reminiscent of Hawaii's before it was settled by North Americans.
Or can he find one last great performance before a partisan gathering in the MGM Grand Garden Ballroom?
Just hours before Brandon's resignation, the mayor announced a major reorganization of the department, removing some administrators and cutting salaries.
 (BC-NY-YOUTH-PROGRAMS-2NDTAKE-NYT) In the months after Brandon's departure but before Curtis' arrival, the city picked the new crop of youth services contractors.
They said Clinton spoke twice to the former president, Powell and Nunn over the last two days before deciding to approve the mission.
The records show that Espy took 18 trips to Mississippi, often appearing at events there late in the week, then spending Saturday or Sunday in the state before returning to Washington or flying elsewhere.
A proposed bilingual program for children from kindergarten through fifth grade was killed even before it started.
Whitman has pledged to cut the state income tax by 30 percent before her term expires at the end of 1997, so that traditional source will be largely unavailable.
In fact, the court said it expected the gap to be narrowed before the 1997-98 deadline for full parity.
Even before they reach that point, union officials very likely will file unfair labor practice charges with the National Labor Relations Board.
 (BC-HAITI-2NDTAKE-NYT) Many Haitians expressed concern that paramilitary forces affiliated with the police, better known as the tontons macoute, might unleash one last wave of terror before the Americans and their allies land.
Slaughter has occurred before and during several coups in Haiti this century, as juntas that are shortly to be overthrown have sought vengeance against their enemies ``Especially at a time like this, I do not dare even to show my face on the street,'' a prominent intellectual who supports Aristide said Friday morning.
In a prepackaged Chapter 11, the distressed company comes to an agreement with its creditors on how to reorganize the firm before it actually files bankruptcy.
``There ain't no free ride here.'' ``People may have some problems with Mario because they don't know everything that he's done,'' said Garth, who took the unusual step of providing copies of his newest commercial Friday before it was broadcast.
CONGRESS WEIGHS THE POLITICAL PROFIT AND LOSS WASHINGTON  (BC-HAITI-CONGRESS-520&ADD-NYT) Congress had planned to vote Monday on whether the president must seek its approval before invading Haiti, but if a diplomatic settlement is reached over the weekend, such a vote may not be necessary.
My own view is the president always has to co-opt the Congress before one of these things is undertaken for it to be successful.
Most of the resolutions headed for the House floor involve the president's need to get prior approval from Congress before launching an invasion.
If that happens, at least Clinton will be able to make a strong case to the American public that he tried his best to seek a peaceful solution before ordering an invasion only as a last resort.
But, speaking to reporters before his address Friday night at the Christian Coalition's annual convention here, Quayle was eager to portray himself as tolerant on two issues that have been a rallying point for the Christian group.
Except for Jack Kemp, a former federal housing secretary who was campaigning for candidates in California, nearly all the major Republican presidential aspirants will appear before the coalition: Quayle, Lamar Alexander, a former education secretary; Sen.
``I do not accept,'' he continued, ``the fantastic notion that two men who met the evening before in a leather bar constitute a family with the same legitimacy as a man and a woman whose union is sanctified by commitment and faith, raising their children in a time-honored fashion.'' Ralph Reed, the coalition's executive director, accused Clinton of ``thematic schizophrenia'' and said his speeches on values were not backed in Administration policies.
Senate minority leader Bob Dole of Kansas had also been pressing, without success, for what he described Friday as ``a high-level emissary to Haiti, an emissary not with an ultimatum but with a mandate -- a mandate to seek a peaceful solution.'' Now Clinton appears to be ready to talk before getting a promise that the three leaders will go.
They may take pictures of Rush, but only before the show.
Just before the jury's decision in the second phase, Exxon and the plaintiffs' lawyers announced they had settled one part of the case and Exxon would pay $20 million in compensatory damages to native Alaskans.
``Captain Hazlewood is substantially worse off financially and emotionally than he was before the spill,'' said Chalos.
A fourth phase in the federal trial before a new jury is scheduled for the fall.
If that happens, at least Clinton will be able to make a strong case to the American public that he tried his best to seek a peaceful solution before ordering an invasion only as a last resort.
``I'm staying here,'' Constant says before breaking into a hacking cough.
Old Stonewall Irwin and company opened up a 7{-2{ lead on the International team, winning seven matches before losing one, ripping off birdies like they were picking apples.
Saying the 24 countries and the United States were united in a coalition that was ``strong, diverse and growing,'' the president said military planners had designed the operation to ``maximize the chances of success and minimize the risk to your people.'' But Samuel Berger, the deputy national security adviser, said later that it would be at least a week after an invasion before Aristide would be permitted to return to his homeland.
ATLANTIC CITY HOTEL WORKERS REACH TENTATIVE AGREEMENT  (BC-ATLANTIC-CITY-LABOR-220&ADD-NYT) Just five hours before a 6 p.m. deadline Friday, Atlantic City, N.J., hotel operators and union negotiators reached a tentative labor agreement, lifting the threat of a strike that could have halted the annual boardwalk parade of contestants in the Miss America pageant.
Glassman, chief negotiator for the casinos, said in a telephone interview Friday: ``In essence, it's the same package they voted on before, but we've moved things around a bit.
As a child, she studied ballet and, before she was 20, was acting in cabaret and musical comedy.
A man, sitting in the back of the car, had said he had been held up and cut with a razor minutes before.
``I was there before here, and three people I know were shot,'' he said.
``Guaranteed, in two weeks it'll go back to what it was before.'' 
They had run another pizza franchise before.
``Even before the appeal takes place, the judge may issue a reduction right from the bench.'' Lee Raymond, the chairman of Exxon, said Friday, ``We will use every legal means available to overturn this unjust verdict, which is not a final judgment.'' Even if it should remain at $5 billion, he added, at least a cap has been established on the amount.
All told, Gooden will have to serve the final 16 days of his current 60-day suspension -- his sentence was interrupted by the players' strike Aug.12 -- and the entirety of his new suspension before he can sign a deal with any club.
Supporters point out it took several months for the U.S. to assemble troops before the 1991 Persian Gulf War, while the B-2 could have attacked Iraq quickly had Saddam Hussein ventured beyond Kuwait.
``It would be different if he had played in 80 games last year and 80 games the year before.
The 87-year-old Clifford, one of Washington's most influential power brokers before he was splashed by the international scandal involving the Bank of Commerce & Credit International, said Friday night that he had not yet read the complaint.
The 87-year-old Clifford, one of Washington's most influential power brokers before he was splashed by the international scandal involving the Bank of Commerce & Credit International, said Friday night that he had not yet read the complaint.
UCLA has seen that before, and not too long ago, either.
Brown actually enjoyed playing for the dictatorial Mike Keenan in Chicago, but it no longer was his kind of town after Keenan quit before the '92-93 season and was replaced by Darryl Sutter, who scratched Brown from the lineup 52 times in 67 games.
Chris Silvera, the secretary-treasurer of Local 808 of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, which represents about 700 track workers, said commuters riding the line should expect that ``one morning or one evening, you won't make it.'' A job action, if it came, would probably be ended quickly but not before substantial disruption.
``We want to have some sort of a job action before the elections.'' ``They'll be able to order us back to work, because it wouldn't be a legal strike,'' Joyce said.
Contracts that have been under negotiation ever since cover 1992, 1993 and 1994; unless there is a settlement soon, the proposed pacts would be entirely retroactive, expiring before they took effect.
It is a vile regime that has flaunted its intransigence before a flabbergasted and frustrated world community.
The group of law professors that has been giving Clinton a refresher course in constitutional law, for example, was involved in a similar effort with President Bush before the Persian Gulf War.
But even before President Clinton signed the bill on Tuesday, criminologists warned that while quick hiring of police officers could make a dent in crime, it could also lead to more police brutality and corruption.
Roughly a decade before, the Reagan administration encouraged Miami to expand its force to stem the tide of cocaine from the Caribbean.
The ranch house was overhauled, with not a day to spare, before the Perots hosted the annual Cattle Baron's Ball last weekend.
But now, the mayor was as powerful as before.
No one tried to stop the plane, and by some accounts, White House guards spotted it only seconds before it crashed.
His third marriage and his small trucking business in shambles, Corder had moved to a shabby motel room in Aberdeen, Md., and, on the day before his final flight, he had been smoking crack and drinking beer and cheap wine.
``They're in sandy soil, and they like to be baked like mad.'' But these are just little treats before the orgy that begins in April, with the single early tulips like General de Wet, a fragrant luminous orange and gold 15-incher, and the huge-flowered fosterianas, like Golden Emperor and the fiery-red Madame Lefeber.
The Air Force already had sunk $1.5 billion into the Manned Orbital Laboratory launch complex at the same site when that project was canceled in 1969 before a single flight.
At one point the Air Force announced plans to launch the Titan IV Centaur heavy-lift booster from the site, but that program was canceled in 1991 before construction began.
It's tough to justify that kind of money once the program's been canceled.'' As a result, a rust stain about 10-stories tall streaks down the side of the massive mobile service tower, a 200-foot-high structure designed to shelter the shuttle on the launch pad, then move back on railroad tracks before launch.
``The police duly investigated and satisfied themselves of the truth of these reports before charging Freehill.'' It said that the delay in charging Freehill for the incident in 1992 resulted from ``Mrs.
The Dolphins conveniently left the tarpaulin off the field before the game.
He remembers that when other teams lined up against Marino, they suddenly showed defenses they hadn't exhibited before.
Carroll was the Jets' defensive coordinator for four seasons before being named head coach.
``I'll stay if I have to, but its not something I want to do.'' It wasn't until five minutes before Coyote was to be towed out to the BOC start line early Saturday that the last legal expert, Scully's newly appointed attorney, Bobby Pearce, arrived.
TIME OFF BEFORE GOING AT IT ALONE CHARLESTON, S.C.  (BC-BOC-BOAT-RACE-NYT) Solo sailors rarely have the luxury of time before a major ocean competition.
After Cape Town, the boats stop in Sydney, Australia, and Punta del Este, Uruguay, before heading back to Charleston, N.C., next spring.
This time, the Vatican confronted a hostile Clinton administration before the conference, pointedly assailing Vice President Al Gore, the head of the U.S. delegation in Cairo, to underscore that its quarrel was with a Democratic administration favoring ``safe, legal and rare'' abortion, not with the God-fearing American people in general.
``By 1994,'' a Vatican negotiator said, ``the world had been caught up in the abortion debate as never before.
They stoned and tortured the 21-year-old daughter, Martha, before incinerating her, then hunted down the 17-year-old son, Frank, and finished him off.
In this season of South Africa's rebirth, the rural villages of the dry northeastern scrubland have been seized by a passion for witch burning unlike anything the area has seen before.
But Dole appears more intent on humiliating President Clinton before the November elections than on serving the nation's 250 million other citizens.
There are only about 20 working days left before Congress breaks for elections; the time crunch puts Dole in charge.
Rwandan officials say they are caught in a Catch-22 situation, as Western donors adopt a wait-and-see attitude, stressing that the government must include all political parties before they dispense aid.
But the players' lawyers will argue before the National Labor Relations Board that the clubowners did not negotiate in good faith, that the clubowners planned all along to create this impasse, that because the bargaining was not done in good faith, a legal impasse does not exist.
Because of the shutdown, that exemption is under a congressional microscope as never before.
The government said this week that it expected to release some of the prisoner before the end of their terms.
Responding to the complaint, the Israelis and Palestinians agreed in Oslo this week to keep such differences to themselves and not raise them before donor countries.
Others suggest that the organization could move more aggressively into controlling the spread of nuclear weapons or intervening in human rights disputes before they become new ethnic wars.
``It is more important than I think Americans have generally understood it to be, and I think it has big consequences for us in multilateral institutions like the U.N. ``The European Union has developed institutions for reaching agreed consensus positions on issues before they come to a discussion of those issues with the United States, or before they come to discussion in U.N. arenas,'' she said in a recent interview.
Campas refuses to taunt opponents (he smiles and hands them T-shirts before fights); still lives at home with his mother and father (he's getting married to his childhood sweetheart Sept.
It's nothing against him, he's just not as charismatic.'' The dance performed before Campas' bouts are not for show or hype.
He asks God to watch over him and his opponent before each fight.'' Campas has never made more than $25,000 for a fight, but if he beats Trinidad and defends the title twice, well, then he may be talking about a welterweight unification fight with Pernell Whitaker or even Chavez.
A few weeks before the game against Missouri, Nixon was present when Texas beat Arkansas.
Christine Lee, a 22-year-old former cashier and photographer's assistant who has been disabled since her back was accidentally broken by police officers who knocked her off her feet as they were chasing a suspect in the Park Hill Houses three years ago, testified before the grand jury in June.
Murphy Sr. The district attorney said that before he was born his grandfather had retired from the police force, so he never saw him in uniform and they never talked about the force.
He is proud of his grandfather's work as a police officer, Murphy said, but he said it would not affect his attitude toward the officers before the grand jury.
Ibarra de Piedra repeated the estimate of 50,000 federal troops stationed in Chiapas and, saying she was conveying a message from Marcos, demanded that they be removed before the talks could resume.
IN CHICAGO, ONE SET OF UNCOMPROMISING RULES GOVERNS ALL CHICAGO  (BC-CHICAGO-GANG-510(2TAKES)-NYT) Street gangs, a fact of life in this city since before the Tommy gun, don't forgive mistakes easily.
For example, someone who wants to quit might be shot in the leg before being allowed to leave.
The political philosophy of the rich is, `After us, it is us again.''' If or when Aristide returns to Haiti under the protection of the U.S. military, he can serve only one more year before his term expires.
Early test flights, before Mogul developed its own sensors, carried naval underwater sound sensors.
``I've been there before, I took the dollars that should have been for school, for my family,'' Perez said.
That was before I was recognized, so I didn't have to face anyone.
``Instead of telling the players, `We don't do that up here,''' he said, ``instead of leading 'em, we joined 'em.'' Ewbank approved of the new $34.6 million salary cap for each team ``because nobody's worth what they're getting,'' but he doesn't like artificial turf because it creates ``injuries we never had before: skin burns, stubbed toes and dislocated fingers.'' And he doesn't like the increase in violent contact.
I left that room before I should've.'' 
Not your practical pol who's lived in an functioning democracy.'' Aristide's brief tenure as the popularly elected president of Haiti before his ouster in the fall of 1991 offers an impressionistic if inconclusive look at how he will govern when given a second chance.
``There was one time when Aristide called President Carlos Andres Perez of Venezuela because the lights had been out in the capital for three days and he didn't know how to requisition oil even though the two countries had an oil agreement,'' said one senior administration official who has known Aristide since before his election.
His aides responded with a long document listing new demands, and it took another week of cajoling and convincing by Gray before Aristide agreed to sign the original document.
But it took a chance encounter at a reception at the White House last Sunday between Lake and the Pulitzer prize-winning author Taylor Branch, who is a confidant of Aristide, before the pledge was put into writing.
``We have been struggling nonviolently in this way ever since back before the devil was even a corporal,'' he said in his first radio message back home, ``ever since way back when the ginger root was still fighting the eggplant.'' Even on the eve of a possible invasion to restore him to power, there are fierce arguments within the administration on how to deal with Aristide.
ANY ADDITIONAL DELAY FOR HEALTH BILL MEANS DEATH FOR PROPOSAL THIS YEAR WASHINGTON  (BC-CONGRESS-HEALTHCARE-490(2TAKES)-NYT) This week could be the death of significant health care legislation in 1994, and developments in Haiti might mean the end before the week begins.
Mitchell, the majority leader, and the bipartisan group known as the Mainstream Coalition can agree on a plan and start selling it to their colleagues in the week ahead, there will not be enough time, even optimists concede, to pass a bill before Congress adjourns in mid-October.
But Cuomo now finds himself begging for union help and describing himself, as he did last week to leaders of the Transport Workers Union, as a stronger backer of organized labor than ever before.
 (BC-NY-CUOMO-CAMPAIGN-2NDTAKE-NYT) On Sunday, Cuomo is to tour Manhattan's Lower East Side, sampling sour pickles and shopping for a black fedora, before racing to Harlem in time for the African-American Day Parade.
But something clearly went awry, causing Flight 427 to veer sharply to the left and roll before it crashed and killed all 132 people aboard.
 (BC-USAIR-CRASH-2NDTAKE-NYT) The flight data recorder is being used to build computer simulations to analyze the plane's path before it crashed.
Then they realize that their tax dollars are subsidizing grazing, logging and mining on public lands, and before you know it, they have joined the local environmental group.
Earlier this year Hedden, the County Council vice chairman, spoke before congressional leaders who were exploring the changing needs of the West during a series of hearings.
Some said they expect Haiti's paramilitary fighters to punish supporters of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide before invading troops arrive.
Police beat people who dared to pick up the transistor radios that U.S. planes dropped Thursday night before President Clinton's broadcast address.
Even before the American delegation arrived, there were signs that the Clinton administration might be easing the ground rules it had set for its meetings with the defiant Haitian junta.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Columbia squandered two scoring opportunities in the first quarter before Wiley capped a 64-yard drive by plunging through left tackle for a touchdown with 2 minutes 37 seconds left in the half.
And it thrust a superstar into the spotlight an hour before the Woodward, when the incomparable filly Sky Beauty won the Ruffian Handicap carrying 130 pounds, won her fifth straight without a loss this year, won her 11th straight without a loss at Belmont Park and won waves of cheers from the spectators.
``I'm not taking anything away from Hollywood Wildcat, but I don't think there's anything more a horse could have done in a year.'' ``She did plenty before the Breeders Cup,'' he said of his filly.
Injured in a brutal spill at Saratoga on August 30, 1993, Krone missed nine months before returning to Belmont in late May.
The favorite in last year's Breeders Cup Sprint before finishing 11th, Birdonthewire is 0 for 5 this year.
The owners would be given a few years to recoup their investments before having to shut down or move, an approach that has been used and upheld elsewhere.
``By putting the book stores far from areas where most people live, the zoning may well fall before a First Amendment challenge.'' ``My sense is that this proposal, as initially expressed, is so far-reaching that it would have a difficult time being sustained,'' he said.
``I would be very happy to take this issue before the current Court of Appeals, with some new arguments,'' Siegel said.
Then they realize that their tax dollars are subsidizing grazing, logging and mining on public lands, and before you know it, they have joined the local environmental group.
Earlier this year Hedden, the County Council vice chairman, spoke before congressional leaders who were exploring the changing needs of the West during a series of hearings.
Like Nordstrom, Macy's also had to be offered financial inducements before it would agree to lease space at the center, Conroy said.
And that means waiting for fall.'' Moreover, he noted, it's usually fall before the sellers get serious.
Moriarty said she does not plan to resign before the impeachment session on Thursday and isn't concerned about warnings that allegations of mismanagement and misspending in her office could be aired.
A decade before, the British had invaded Haiti.
The partners were in contract with Platkin before the fire and foreclosure to buy the monastery and turn it into 70 affordable rentals for the elderly, with some reserved for the disabled.
Pennrose hoped to refurbish the monastery with the use of historic-preservation tax credits, a device it had used before.
Administrators said students' choices have been limited to only a minimal degree because Coca-Cola controlled 90 percent of the campus market even before the contract was awarded.
He estimated the cost of the project, including land and legal fees, to be $180 million to $200 million, and said it would be at least a year before construction started.
``I'll stay if I have to, but its not something I want to do.'' It wasn't until five minutes before Coyote was to be towed out to the BOC start line early Saturday that Scully's newly appointed attorney, Bobby Pearce, arrived.
But veteran Cali-watchers are waiting to see how the younger Calis and Rizk perform under the new ground rules before they make any predictions.
Although she was the heiress to the Corning Glass fortune and best known as a philanthropist, she had studied in Paris before World War II and had a modest operatic and recital career.
``The Courbet landscape used to hang in the Oak Room but that's gone to be photographed before it goes to the Met,'' Scherzer said.
TIME OFF BEFORE GOING IT ALONE CHARLESTON, S.C.  (BC-BOC-YACHT-RAC-640&ADD-NYT) Solo sailors rarely have the luxury of time before a major ocean competition.
After Cape Town, the boats stop in Sydney, Australia, and Punta del Este, Uruguay, before heading back to Charleston next spring.
``The bottom line is who wins and who loses.'' Oklahoma held its 14-3 halftime lead into the final quarter, its second touchdown drive just before the half kept alive by Tech's 10-yard holding penalty on a fourth-and-two punt into the end zone from the Tech 45.
First, there was Montana's none-too-subtle dismissal of him during their time together with the 49ers, and then came Jimmy Johnson's postgame chirp before Super Bowl XXVII that, yes, they had expected Young to turn over the ball once or twice.
The delegation members held several other meetings before and after the session with the officers.
Other than a season opener, never before in the 69-game series have the AFC West rivals met while winless.
Against San Diego, the Broncos were on the Chargers' 3-yard-line with 43 seconds left before Elway fumbled when the ball slipped out of his hands while attempting a pass.
The delegation members held several other meetings before and after the session with the officers.
SKY BEAUTY KNOCKS OFF FIFTH STRAIGHT VICTORY NEW YORK  (BC-RAC-RUFFIAN-490&ADD-NYT) One hour before Holy Bull raced to glory in the Woodward Stakes, the 4-year-old filly Sky Beauty gave a theatrical performance of her own as she won the Ruffian Handicap carrying 130 pounds and shook down the cheers from the crowd of 25,956 at Belmont Park.
Sky Beauty gave a prima donna's performance with Mike Smith riding, two races before he returned aboard Holy Bull in the Woodward.
Kendall, who never had raced here, unsuccessfully lobbied SCCA officials for some practice laps yesterday morning before qualifying his unfamiliar car.
``I've never raced anywhere near Dallas before, and it's always good to come home,'' Cobb said.
I told my coach I wasn't really interested.'' How bad was it for the Bruins, who gave Nebraska a scare in the Rose Bowl last year before succumbing to a team that would go on to post an 11-1 record?
I told my coach I wasn't really interested.'' How bad was it for the Bruins, who gave Nebraska a scare in the Rose Bowl last year before succumbing to a team that would go on to post an 11-1 record?
I've never met her before,'' the 12-year-old pitcher said.
They might decide to wait for a settlement before considering signing for next season.
``My comment before the game was that I thought Tommie Frazier was in an elite class of athletes,'' Donahue said.
``After playing him, I feel stronger than I did before.
The Gators (3-0, 2-0 in the Southeastern Conference) proved themselves with a 31-0 victory against Tennessee (1-2, 1-1) before 96,656 soggy fans at Neyland Stadium.
And if that weren't enough, there were the seven turnovers amid general ineptness as Northridge routed Davis 52-13 in its home-opener before 4,518 at the North Campus Stadium on Saturday night.
She actually watched the first three quarters before deciding to leave, about the same time O'Laughlin did.
He's never done that before.'' It meant a lot.
``I should have stopped the fight before Franklin got a hold of it and broke it in half.'' In the years since, Joe Goossen has established himself as one of the finest trainers in the business.
Referee Mills Lane stopped it with 1:41 left in the round before 15,222 spectators, the bulk of whom screamed wildly and often for Chavez (91-1-1, with 78 knockouts).
``I felt strong, obviously before I got hurt,'' Taylor said.
Taylor wobbled two steps back before falling down.
The Air Force already had sunk $1.5 billion into the Manned Orbital Laboratory launch complex at the same site when that project was canceled in 1969 before a single flight.
At one point the Air Force announced plans to launch the Titan IV Centaur heavy-lift booster from the site, but that program was canceled in 1991 before construction began.
It's tough to justify that kind of money once the program's been canceled.'' As a result, a rust stain about 10-stories tall streaks down the side of the massive mobile service tower, a 200-foot-high structure designed to shelter the shuttle on the launch pad, then move back on railroad tracks before launch.
The ranch house was overhauled, with not a day to spare, before the Perots hosted the annual Cattle Baron's Ball last weekend.
No one tried to stop the plane, and by some accounts, White House guards spotted it only seconds before it crashed.
His third marriage and his small trucking business in shambles, Corder had moved to a shabby motel room in Aberdeen, Md., and, on the day before his final flight, he had been smoking crack and drinking beer and cheap wine.
But even before President Clinton signed the bill on Tuesday, criminologists warned that while quick hiring of police officers could make a dent in crime, it could also lead to more police brutality and corruption.
Roughly a decade before, the Reagan administration encouraged Miami to expand its force to stem the tide of cocaine from the Caribbean.
But now, the mayor was as powerful as before.
A few caveats to keep in mind: the stock must have been held more than a year, donations are irrevocable and stock must be handed over before the tender date.
............15..........32 	(Island/Dell, $6.99.) Just before he 	kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
The engineer who wrote ``The Truth About Chernobyl'' describes his attempt to warn the public about the potential danger in the years before the disastrous 1986 nuclear-reactor accident.
Kelley, who honed his writing and producing on ``L.A. Law'' before creating ``Picket Fences,'' the recent recipient of the Emmy Award for best drama series, is upscale medicine, set in a high-tech world peopled by the best and the brightest.
``This has become a social phenomenon unlike anything in the legal system before it.'' Outside Los Angeles Superior Court, trial watchers who didn't even know what a preliminary hearing was until last month now debate the merits of the First and Fourth amendments in venues as diverse as grocery stores and parks.
What a piece of work is a man, she may or may not have marveled before turning to canter away into the acacias.
``This museum is like a laboratory of the arts, it is a space for art in progress,'' Krukowski said as he bobbed up and down at his table in the center's vegetarian restaurant on Friday, greeting artists and curators just before the opening of the latest show.
Paramount hired Ms. Salhany in 1985, before it had network ambitions; she spearheaded the creation of shows there like ``Hard Copy,'' ``The Arsenio Hall Show,'' and ``Star Trek: The Next Generation.'' In 1991 she moved to Twentieth Century Fox, heading the company's network production and syndication arm.
It's human nature to wonder whether or not somebody new is going to come in and whether you're going to continue to have a job.'' The prospect of possible ownership change has also loomed over CBS, which appeared to have a new chief executive, Barry Diller, for less than a week this spring before the deal to merge his QVC Inc.
The highest-rated show, ABC's ``Home Improvement,'' was moved to a new night just before the season began.
But the Front's own exile leadership demands further concessions before negotiations.
Less than a year before the sting at the Vista Hotel, a poll by The Washington Post showed that only a quarter of the city's residents approved of his performance as mayor.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Croll said that he would rest his hero for two months in Kentucky and Florida before opening his training agenda for next year.
It began long before Clinton was president.
But if so, our policy should certainly have been more forceful and committed long before now.
That added up to a 152 percent increase in profits last year -- on top of a 103 percent increase the year before.
``We just told ourselves before the game that we were going to run the ball on them,'' Kirby said.
Felix Trinidad was floored in the second round before knocking out Luis Ramon (Yory Boy) Campas with a stunning barrage at 2:41 of the fourth round, giving Campas his first pro loss in 57 fights.
HAIFENG RIBS (Barbecued short ribs) 4 pounds short ribs 1/2 cup canola oil 1/2 cup soy sauce 1/2 cup water 1 large clove garlic, mashed 1 tablespoon brown sugar 1/4 cup sesame seeds A day before you plan to barbecue the ribs, mix together the oil, soy sauce, water and garlic.
As a result, as much as 40 percent of all vegetables rot before they can be taken from the fields.
Everyone agrees reforms are needed, but to the men and women who toil in the fields, much as they have since before the serfs were freed in 1861, reforms are only words.
``It was an impulse,'' said the buyer, Sandra Richman of Bedford, who has an insurance-claims business and said she had not seen the car, parked on the lawn outside, before bidding on it.
Although the Kohlberg offer values Borden at a premium over its market price before the deal, most shareholders will lose money if they sell to Kohlberg because the value is well below what they paid for Borden stock in previous years.
James Fingeroth, who handles the Borden account for Kekst, said that both companies knew of Kekst's role and that the accounts had been kept ``separate and distinct.'' Added to the complexity of who represents whom, Borden's management has a separate investment banker, First Boston, while Borden's board retained Lazard Freres before it dismissed the chief executive, Anthony S.
3, more than a month before last week's agreement.
But conditions made it difficult to achieve the profits that McNall had forecast, forcing the first two funds to liquidate before schedule, a former executive in Numismatic Fine Arts International, McNall's coin company, said.
In the days before McNall's bankruptcy filing, the Bank of America cashed in the 72 percent stake in the Kings, leaving little of value to liquidate.
Instead, it has preferred to wait and see how volatile politics, particularly in areas like Russia, play out before committing the billions of dollars it will take to develop the most promising fields.
The Redskins have been like that person who always falls for the practical joke, no matter how obvious it is or how many times the person has been suckered before.
After a 35-yard field goal by Washington kicker Chip Lohmiller early in the fourth quarter made it 24-23, Meggett's short touchdown run midway through the period -- his second scoring run of the game -- sealed the 31-23 victory over the Redskins before 77,298 at Giants Stadium.
Frank DeGeorge, the inspector general of the Commerce Department, which oversees the councils, testified before Congress recently that the conflict-of-interests exemption covering the fishing councils appears to be the only one affecting some 1,000 councils that advise the government on issues like trade, energy and health policy.
About three dozen states now have some form of community notification, and such a measure before the New Jersey Legislature has come to be known as Megan's law.
So, just weeks before the release date, they turned to Mrs.
``I respect the responsibility of the President of the United States to do what he believes must be done.'' His spokesman, Joseph Zwilling, said the cardinal had asked the same questions before the United States took military action in the Persian Gulf in 1991.
Even before she became mayor, Mrs.
``My opponents campaign just before elections and then they disappear,'' she once said.
``My father talked about using the 1938 uniforms for this game,'' said John Mara, the Giants' executive vice president, referring to the co-owner Wellington Mara, ``but we convinced him that more of our fans could identify with the uniforms of the teams in the late '50s and the early '60s.'' Those were the Giants teams that helped to put pro football on national television and Madison Avenue, that popularized it in New York as never before, that created season-ticket sellouts for every home game, that inspired the ``Dee-fense! Dee-fense!'' chant that now permeates nearly every sport.
``I wanted to see if there was envy or animosity, but the 49ers players were all cool,'' Sanders said before Sunday's game.
``They got us off balance; they were doing everything in reverse of what they showed in the past; they did things they never did before,'' said Lewis, trying to explain the missed tackles and the remarkable number of good plays against the Jets.
He was playing because the putative future star, Marvin Jones, was scratched before game time because of an ankle injury.
Meanwhile, the Dolphins were using the clock, getting on the scoreboard on Kirby's 1-yard run in the second quarter, and then on a Marino-to-Keith Byars 11-yard pass just before halftime.
Norman, who had to withdraw from the tournament before it began because of persistent stomach problems that led to a loss of 13 pounds, had gained 5 pounds back and was wishing he could be playing.
Then negotiations resumed at military headquarters downtown at around 11 a.m. and lasted more than six hours before shifting to the National Palace late Sunday afternoon.
Judge Kennedy-Powell's ruling opened the way for the introduction of three important pieces of evidence that the police gathered at Simpson's home before a search warrant was issued: a left-hand bloodstained glove found on a path, blood found on a Ford Bronco parked just outside the gate and a trail of blood along the driveway.
It was 28-7 in the fourth quarter before Esiason threw a 2-yard touchdown pass to running back Johnny Johnson with 5 minutes 8 seconds to play to help make it a respectable 28-14.
We met before dawn at his shop, and as we drove to the public launching ramp in nearby Oak Bluffs harbor towing his 17-foot Boston Whaler behind us, Coop was cautiously optimistic.
Then negotiations resumed at military headquarters downtown at around 11 a.m. and lasted more than six hours before shifting to the National Palace late Sunday afternoon.
Francois, whose power has been waning in recent months, had indicated even before the talks began that he was willing to step down if Cedras and Biamby did.
The women's sculling favorite, Canada's Silken Laumann, was disqualified before her race began because she had made two false starts.
The diploma and the ceremony must mean something.'' John Ferrandino, supervising superintendent of the board's high school division, estimated that about one-third of the city's schools demand completion of all required courses before students can participate in commencement exercises.
``This kid produced a negative statistic against the school in the year before.
STICK-AND-CARROT LABOR APPROACH HAS WORKED WELL FOR GIULIANI NEW YORK  (BC-NY-MAYOR-SANITATION-525(2TAKES)-NYT) Unbeholden to municipal unions like few mayors before him, Rudolph Giuliani strode into office talking tough to labor.
Even before Sunday's dramatic last-minute diplomatic deal that staved off a U.S. invasion, they felt confident that Aristide would soon make a triumphant return.
The Bills got another Christie field goal before the half ended to make it 9-0, and he kicked another one midway through the third quarter for a 12-0 lead.
All they did this time was keep the Raiders from going under for the third straight time and losing control of their season before the autumnal equinox.
All those former Broncos could think as they watched the score mount was that they'd seen this game before.
The Oilers unraveled before our eyes on Sunday, and the extent of the devastation was reflected only in part by what appeared on the scoreboard.
By making it with three practices remaining before a meeting with the league's best pass rusher, the coaches subjected both Hopkins and Matthews to embarrassment and Richardson to a mauling.
We depend upon you to do well tomorrow, as you have done so very well today, and in the weeks and days before when you planned this exercise, prepared for it and then began to carry it out.
Then negotiations resumed at military headquarters downtown at around 11 a.m. and lasted more than six hours before shifting to the National Palace late Sunday afternoon.
We're going to miss Rodney.'' Fontes then tried to explain why Peete, Kramer and Ware were cast aside by the Lions in favor of Mitchell, who had only seven career starts before this season.
CLINTON'S CREDIBILITY IS THE BIG WINNER IN HAITIAN SHOWDOWN WASHINGTON  (BC-CLINTON-ANALYSIS-HNS) By getting the Haitian military junta to agree to leave power, President Clinton ended a prolonged administration campaign to intimidate Haitian strongman Raoul Cedras into leaving power before U.S. troops stormed ashore.
``A lot of the time,'' Sparks said, ``before the receiver turned around, the ball was already thrown.
This year, though, while both have run statewide before and McCall has aggressively involved himself in state and local financial matters, neither candidate is a household name.
Colin Powell, knew that U.S. forces were scheduled to invade Haiti on Sunday night, and they had planned to leave Haiti by noon so they would be out of the country well before U.S. forces landed.
Then negotiations resumed at military headquarters downtown at around 11 a.m. and lasted more than six hours before shifting to the National Palace late Sunday afternoon.
He was never out of the top 10 from 1977 to 1983, and after a yearlong drop, climbed again to No. 4 in 1984, a year before his retirement.
His father, a Lithuanian and Balkan States champion before World War II and a tennis teacher for decades in the United States, died in 1991.
He was never out of the top 10 from 1977 to 1983, and after a yearlong drop, climbed again to No. 4 in 1984, a year before his retirement.
His father, a Lithuanian and Balkan States champion before World War II and a tennis teacher for decades in the United States, died in 1991.
Well, the Chiefs showed the Falcons that they could stand a little improvement in every facet as Kansas City dominated in a 30-10 victory before 67,357 fans, the Falcons' second-largest crowd ever.
Kansas City's opening drive put the Chiefs on top before trouble set in.
HAITIANS HAVE MIXED AS INVASION PROSPECT LESSENS PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti  (BC-HAITI-TEX) A body with a single bullet to the back of the head lay for hours a block from the cathedral, where nine infants were brought before a priest who baptized the most innocent of this tortured nation.
She spoke before word of the agreement spread.
Clearly something was haywire from the get-go, even before the injuries.
The still-unbeaten San Diego Chargers made them Sunday in slapping the Seahawks with their first loss -- 24-10 at Husky Stadium before 65,536, the largest ``home'' crowd in the club's 19-year history.
Johnson had a 15-footer for birdie that took a peek in the hole before lipping out, leaving her an 18-inch comebacker.
``It was in before I stroked it.'' Like everyone else, she thought she would make it and did not use her usual pre-putting routine.
``I love finishing second here, and I love it here and I'm going to try and come back here and do better next year,'' Jones said, pretending to be upbeat before telling the truth.
But in a game that beforehand gave all indications of giving the Chiefs a tough test, they turned it into a romp.
They have scored first in all three games and trailed only before overcoming a 14-7 San Francisco lead.
From Dale Carter's interception of Jeff George's pass on the game's opening series, the Chiefs showed no signs of leaving their tank empty from the week before.
They said he orally retracted the order on Sunday evening not long before he spoke to the nation, a step that brought some military aircraft and the troops aboard them back to their bases.
If the agreement had not been reached, Defense Department officials said on Sunday night, the American-led invasion would have begun shortly before 2 a.m Monday, when 2,000 American paratroopers from the 82d Airborne Division were to have landed at the airport in Port-au-Prince.
Marines taught Air Force and Navy personnel how to load packs they had never had to use before.
16 president,'' the date of his election in 1990, but simply as ``President Aristide.'' Just before midnight, the man chosen to be president of the military government, Emile Jonassaint, went on the government television to officially inform his country of the agreement.
Then negotiations resumed at military headquarters downtown at around 11 a.m. and lasted more than six hours before shifting to the National Palace late Sunday afternoon.
The engineer who wrote ``The Truth About Chernobyl'' describes his attempt to warn the public about the potential danger in the years before the disastrous 1986 nuclear-reactor accident.
............15..........32 	(Island/Dell, $6.99.) Just before he 	kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
A few caveats to keep in mind: the stock must have been held more than a year, donations are irrevocable and stock must be handed over before the tender date.
Just before my driveway is a sweeping blind curve, so following drivers cannot anticipate the reason for my turn signal.
Just before my driveway is a sweeping blind curve, so following drivers cannot anticipate the reason for my turn signal.
But even before President Clinton signed the bill on Tuesday, criminologists warned that while quick hiring of police officers could make a dent in crime, it could also lead to more police brutality and corruption.
Roughly a decade before, the Reagan administration encouraged Miami to expand its force to stem the tide of cocaine from the Caribbean.
But now, the mayor was as powerful as before.
The ranch house was overhauled, with not a day to spare, before the Perots hosted the annual Cattle Baron's Ball last weekend.
In fact, humanity has been here before you but has apparently been wiped out.
``It was over and destroyed before anyone could react; then once they reacted, it will be up to Congress.'' Synar said the entire park service is ``starved for necessary resources,'' so the best option may be to leave the cut ``as is'' as a stark reminder that even ``sacred soil'' can be destroyed.
15, two days before Market-Garden is to be launched, Allied intelligence reports and messages from the Dutch underground indicate that two German panzer (armored) divisions -- are in the Arnhem area.
``...Harmel waited for the line to reach the exact middle before giving the order,'' Ryan writes.
``As before, the Germans were waiting....
``They had all them `Docs' running the place before, ya' know?
No one tried to stop the plane, and by some accounts, White House guards spotted it only seconds before it crashed.
His third marriage and his small trucking business in shambles, Corder had moved to a shabby motel room in Aberdeen, Md., and, on the day before his final flight, he had been smoking crack and drinking beer and cheap wine.
Some prison experts saw in the new law an echo of the grim era before 1972.
In Louisiana, legislators passed a law banning martial arts in state prisons and considered a ban on television before state corrections officials lobbied against it.
With equal doses of biting humor and quick thinking they can dazzle and distract their opponents before zeroing in for the kill.
Durante was a self-styled rebel, who went from school to pool hall and on to jobs as a locksmith, plumber and printer before enrolling in college.
Ms. Collins, who said she's been praying every day, said she would not invoke a last minute prayer before the debate.
``You say `He!' '' she replied, before launching on a mini discourse on feminism and religion.
Julie eventually warms to the little sensei and brushes up on the karate her father taught her before his death.
Early test flights, before Mogul developed its own sensors, carried naval underwater sound sensors.
Then they realize that their tax dollars are subsidizing grazing, logging and mining on public lands, and before you know it, they have joined the local environmental group.
Earlier this year Hedden, the County Council vice chairman, spoke before congressional leaders who were exploring the changing needs of the West during a series of hearings.
Others suggest that the organization could move more aggressively into controlling the spread of nuclear weapons or intervening in human rights disputes before they become new ethnic wars.
``It is more important than I think Americans have generally understood it to be, and I think it has big consequences for us in multilateral institutions like the U.N. ``The European Union has developed institutions for reaching agreed consensus positions on issues before they come to a discussion of those issues with the United States, or before they come to discussion in U.N. arenas,'' she said in a recent interview.
ANY ADDITIONAL DELAY FOR HEALTH BILL MEANS DEATH FOR PROPOSAL THIS YEAR WASHINGTON  (BC-CONGRESS-HEALTHCARE-490(2TAKES)-NYT) This week could be the death of significant health care legislation in 1994, and developments in Haiti might mean the end before the week begins.
Mitchell, the majority leader, and the bipartisan group known as the Mainstream Coalition can agree on a plan and start selling it to their colleagues in the week ahead, there will not be enough time, even optimists concede, to pass a bill before Congress adjourns in mid-October.
IN CHICAGO, ONE SET OF UNCOMPROMISING RULES GOVERNS ALL CHICAGO  (BC-CHICAGO-GANG-510(2TAKES)-NYT) Street gangs, a fact of life in this city since before the Tommy gun, don't forgive mistakes easily.
For example, someone who wants to quit might be shot in the leg before being allowed to leave.
Philippe Biamby, the army chief of staff, said ``he would commit suicide before he would leave under pressure.'' Cedras's wife, Carter said, ``told us that she and her children and her husband were prepared to die.'' 
But an American administration can perform only so many U-turns, rattle its sword only so much, before it loses face.
If it does, it will be easier to argue for a patient untangling of the problem, rather than precipitate withdrawal, if American voters feel they have been leveled with beforehand.
He may begin to wonder why he had not done more before, and what he might do next.
Most lawmakers (Republicans to the fore this time, and with the support of a cluster of eminent law professors) think that before troops are sent to Haiti Congress should be allowed to vote on the matter, as it did before the Gulf war.
If given the chance, a deeply skeptical Congress might veto an invasion, thus constraining the president in a way that has never happened before in American history.
Most lawmakers (Republicans to the fore this time, and with the support of a cluster of eminent law professors) think that before troops are sent to Haiti Congress should be allowed to vote on the matter, as it did before the Gulf war.
If given the chance, a deeply skeptical Congress might veto an invasion, thus constraining the president in a way that has never happened before in American history.
More than any postwar chancellor before him, Kohl dominates his party, his cabinet, and the machinery of government.
Kohl was reaping the uncertainty sown in Russian minds by Adenauer and Brandt: Adenauer who anchored his country in the West, Brandt, whose Ostpolitik reassured Russians about lowering their guard before a historic enemy.
On Europe, he may justly feel that he has much unfinished business to complete before the Maastricht review conference in 1996.
Asked not long ago if a re-elected Kohl might step down before his term was up, in 1996 say, Schauble replied that German chancellors are chosen for four years, ``and besides we don't discuss the problem.'' Realizing what he had said, the loyal dauphin corrected himself: ``I mean `question'.'' A prosperous, stable Germany committed to a more united Europe will outlast Chancellor Kohl.
The trouble in Saudi Arabia is that nobody is willing to admit a problem.'' Saudis may have to do so before long.
Many old contracts have had to be retendered for, and government departments have to get approval from the finance ministry before they spend.
But an American administration can perform only so many U-turns, rattle its sword only so much, before it loses face.
If it does, it will be easier to argue for a patient untangling of the problem, rather than precipitate withdrawal, if American voters feel they have been leveled with beforehand.
He may begin to wonder why he had not done more before, and what he might do next.
Most lawmakers (Republicans to the fore this time, and with the support of a cluster of eminent law professors) think that before troops are sent to Haiti Congress should be allowed to vote on the matter, as it did before the Gulf war.
If given the chance, a deeply skeptical Congress might veto an invasion, thus constraining the president in a way that has never happened before in American history.
More than any postwar chancellor before him, Kohl dominates his party, his cabinet, and the machinery of government.
Kohl was reaping the uncertainty sown in Russian minds by Adenauer and Brandt: Adenauer who anchored his country in the West, Brandt, whose Ostpolitik reassured Russians about lowering their guard before a historic enemy.
On Europe, he may justly feel that he has much unfinished business to complete before the Maastricht review conference in 1996.
Asked not long ago if a re-elected Kohl might step down before his term was up, in 1996 say, Schauble replied that German chancellors are chosen for four years, ``and besides we don't discuss the problem.'' Realizing what he had said, the loyal dauphin corrected himself: ``I mean `question'.'' A prosperous, stable Germany committed to a more united Europe will outlast Chancellor Kohl.
The trouble in Saudi Arabia is that nobody is willing to admit a problem.'' Saudis may have to do so before long.
Many old contracts have had to be retendered for, and government departments have to get approval from the finance ministry before they spend.
About three dozen states now have some form of community notification, and such a measure before the New Jersey Legislature has come to be known as Megan's law.
So, just weeks before the release date, they turned to Mrs.
Judge Kennedy-Powell's ruling opened the way for the introduction of three important pieces of evidence that the police gathered at Simpson's home before a search warrant was issued: a left-hand bloodstained glove found on a path, blood found on a Ford Bronco parked just outside the gate and a trail of blood along the driveway.
As a result, as much as 40 percent of all vegetables rot before they can be taken from the fields.
Everyone agrees reforms are needed, but to the men and women who toil in the fields, much as they have since before the serfs were freed in 1861, reforms are only words.
We met before dawn at his shop, and as we drove to the public launching ramp in nearby Oak Bluffs harbor towing his 17-foot Boston Whaler behind us, Coop was cautiously optimistic.
Frank DeGeorge, the inspector general of the Commerce Department, which oversees the councils, testified before Congress recently that the conflict-of-interests exemption covering the fishing councils appears to be the only one affecting some 1,000 councils that advise the government on issues like trade, energy and health policy.
What a piece of work is a man, she may or may not have marveled before turning to canter away into the acacias.
The president pushed that opposition through the right levels of pressure, exhausting each before trying the next and building multinational support at every new step.
And, recalled more than one, why did not the program note that long before the British hit German civilian targets, German bombers blitzed neighborhoods of London, destroyed Coventry and inflicted tremendous damage on British civilian populations.
Not born to witness the horror of the time, perhaps they cannot comprehend the need to bring hostilities to a expeditious halt before millions more died in both the European and Pacific theaters of war.
With 1.3 million more Democrats than Republicans in New York state, such a strategy has worked before.
TEST OF SCHOOLS BEGINS AT HOME  (BC-DENTON-COLUMN-TEX) Michael McClellan stood with casual ease behind the lectern, from time to time shifting his weight slightly from one foot to the other as his remarks drifted into the audience before him in the large auditorium.
It's just something they do, almost automatically, following a pattern cut by their forebears, while the rest of us must be hit on the head before we think to take on some small task that will help somebody else.
With 1.3 million more Democrats than Republicans in New York state, such a strategy has worked before.
D-1415 IN THE MATTER OF DISBARMENT OF MARVIN MARGOLIS It having been reported to the Court that Marvin Margolis, of New York, New York, has been disbarred from the practice of law by the Appellate Division, Supreme Court of New York, First Judicial Department, and this Court by order of June 27, 1994, having suspended the said Marvin Margolis from the practice of law in this Court and directed that a rule issue requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred; And it appearing that the said rule was duly issued and served upon the respondent and that the time to file a response has expired; It is ordered that the said Marvin Margolis be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
D-1427 IN THE MATTER OF LAWRENCE SCHECHTERMAN Lawrence Schechterman, of Boca Raton, Florida, having requested to resign as a member of the Bar of this Court, it is ordered that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
D-1429 IN THE MATTER OF DONALD RAY BERNARD Donald Ray Bernard, of Seabrook, Texas, having requested to resign as a member of the Bar of this Court, it is ordered that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
Shortly before 9 a.m. CDT, 10 American attack helicopters landed at the nearby international airport.
``We didn't want the country to be stepped on by foreign troops, but times have changed and we must follow.'' Restoring Haiti's economy to what it was before the United Nations embargo still would leave it the poorest nation in the hemisphere, and one with all too brief a period of government with an elected president.
Consequently, the Concord Fault looks more ominous than before.
Their trenches indicate the fault has moved more than 20 feet since about the year 1000 -- before the Normans stormed England.
Take John Schwartz, a sales executive from the Bronx: ``I can say that the last baseball game I ever attended was Phil Rizzuto night at Yankee Stadium a couple of days before the strike.
There have been strikes before -- this is the eighth in about 20 years -- but this time there is a sourness to the dispute that has never been felt before.
Take John Schwartz, a sales executive from the Bronx: ``I can say that the last baseball game I ever attended was Phil Rizzuto night at Yankee Stadium a couple of days before the strike.
There have been strikes before -- this is the eighth in about 20 years -- but this time there is a sourness to the dispute that has never been felt before.
Take John Schwartz, a sales executive from the Bronx: ``I can say that the last baseball game I ever attended was Phil Rizzuto night at Yankee Stadium a couple of days before the strike.
There have been strikes before -- this is the eighth in about 20 years -- but this time there is a sourness to the dispute that has never been felt before.
It could get bloody before it's over.
Buttrick cautions there's the possibility the stock may fall another 15 percent in value before bottoming out and rising.
The task before parties to the climate treaty may be to seek some climatically, economically and politically acceptable middle ground.
There are a few pitfalls that can be avoided by contacting the issuing financial institution before you go.
In addition, many Americans use letters on the keypads to remember their codes; machines abroad often do not display letters, so the code should be converted to numbers before departure.
There are a few pitfalls that can be avoided by contacting the issuing financial institution before you go.
In addition, many Americans use letters on the keypads to remember their codes; machines abroad often do not display letters, so the code should be converted to numbers before departure.
``It would be arrogant to release these fish into the wild.'' So far, the genetically engineered salmon have only been raised to five or ten pounds before being harvested, Devlin said.
``I think more people will be hurt this time, and baseball will be hurt worse than ever before.
People will watch a game and say, `Dang, this is fun,' and `Darn, this is a great game.' And they'll forget what happened before.
People are liable to find out hockey's not a bad game, football's not a bad game.'' Bavasi's son Peter, who worked as GM of the Padres, Blue Jays and Indians before moving into private business, believes the so-called ``Generation X'' isn't reacting with as much hostility to the strike as imagined.
``The murres are prospecting for a new breeding site, but it could be several years before their numbers on Matinicus Rock reach critical mass and one bird takes the big step and lays the first egg,'' he said.
The nestlings were placed in sod burrows, fed vitamin-fortified fish every day for a month by Kress and his workers and banded for identification before they left their nests.
The enormity of Nazi crimes demanded a full airing before the world.
Taking into account the Sun's present composition, mass and stage of evolution, a team of scientists has improved the precision of previous forecasts, concluding that Earth has a minimum of 1.1 billion years before it becomes uninhabitable, an estimate that does not greatly differ from earlier projections.
But life on Earth will disappear long before the Sun leaves the main sequence.
But long before then Earth may be experiencing catastrophic distress.
Clinton had promised the middle-class tax cut during his 1992 presidential campaign but shelved it shortly before taking office as a result of what he said was a larger-than-expected growth in the federal budget deficit.
Clinton had promised the middle-class tax cut during his 1992 presidential campaign but shelved it shortly before taking office as a result of what he said was a larger-than-expected growth in the federal budget deficit.
I think that this is an important achievement that brings us that much closer to being able to manipulate plant size.'' While praising the work, scientists cautioned that there may yet be obstacles along the path before iaglu reaps its harvest of giant vegetables or timber trees, as much remains unknown about the complex regulation of growth hormones.
Take John Schwartz, a sales executive from the Bronx: ``I can say that the last baseball game I ever attended was Phil Rizzuto night at Yankee Stadium a couple of days before the strike.
There have been strikes before -- this is the eighth in about 20 years -- but this time there is a sourness to the dispute that has never been felt before.
Take John Schwartz, a sales executive from the Bronx: ``I can say that the last baseball game I ever attended was Phil Rizzuto night at Yankee Stadium a couple of days before the strike.
There have been strikes before -- this is the eighth in about 20 years -- but this time there is a sourness to the dispute that has never been felt before.
Take John Schwartz, a sales executive from the Bronx: ``I can say that the last baseball game I ever attended was Phil Rizzuto night at Yankee Stadium a couple of days before the strike.
There have been strikes before -- this is the eighth in about 20 years -- but this time there is a sourness to the dispute that has never been felt before.
Researchers knew that mutations in the gene gave carriers an 85 percent lifetime risk of contracting breast cancer, often before the age of 50.
And she can always hope that a medical breakthrough arrives before her cancer.
Are you the alternative?'' Phil is one of the boys, from her (carefully cultivated) unflappable air to the macho way she taps her cigarette on the pack before lighting up.
The women estimated the average amount of time per week spent in physical exercise activity for each year, beginning at the onset of menstruation and ending with the year before diagnosis of the breast cancer in the woman with the disease.
One of the first things he did after his arrival here last week was visit the Met's exhibition of clothes by Madame Gres before it opened.
12 just before the first of his official duties, which was to meet customers at his boutique at 855 Madison Avenue.
Reminded that the couture market is shrinking and that many designers think it may fade away, he said with spirit: ``It must continue, even if it is not as important as before.
Muslims driven across the battlefront near Bijeljina on Sunday and Monday told the U.N. relief workers that their expulsion, like all the others from Bijeljina since July, had been carried out by a private militia under the command of Vojkan Djurkovic, who heads a district ``population exchange commission.'' ``It's an absolute outrage,'' said Margriet Prins, head of the U.N. refugee relief agency's office in Tuzla, where most of the Muslims expelled from Bijeljina have been taken for processing before being transferred to emergency living quarters in schools, gymnasiums and public buildings in other nearby towns.
It could help as White House supporters try to push through at least a few of Clinton's legislative goals before skittish members rush home to campaign for re-election.
And it gives Congress a chance to deal with other issues in the fleeting few weeks before adjournment in mid-October.
Somehow, this president cannot do that, cannot pull mind and mouth together before crisis is upon us.
After the triumph before a record crowd of 4,964 at the Billikens Sports Center in St. Louis, the Hoosiers have scored 26 goals and allowed one in their last four games.
Princeton The Tigers rebounded marvelously after a disappointing loss to Lafayette with a 3-0 triumph over eighth-ranked Hartwick on Sunday afternoon before a crowd of 2,200 in Oneonta, N.Y. Jesse Marsch and Jacob Dowden combined for two goals 13 seconds apart in the 31st minute for the Tigers, who reached the Final Four last year at the expense of Hartwick.
	Esquire asked Dershowitz about the chapter: 	``This analysis,'' said the lawyer, ``was offered before I was asked to consult with the Simpson defense, and it reflects my views at that time, when my information was based entirely on media reports.'' 	-- The Department of Interior at your service: From Menlo Park, Calif., the U.S. Geological Survey, Western Region, has sent word that there are 946 populated places in South Dakota.
	Esquire asked Dershowitz about the chapter: 	``This analysis,'' said the lawyer, ``was offered before I was asked to consult with the Simpson defense, and it reflects my views at that time, when my information was based entirely on media reports.'' 	-- The Department of Interior at your service: From Menlo Park, Calif., the U.S. Geological Survey, Western Region, has sent word that there are 946 populated places in South Dakota.
She said the whole notion smacked of ``putting profits before people's feelings.'' But more than a century after overcrowding first caused London's cemeteries to push into the suburbs, Britain is running out of graveyard space.
Tam Dalyell, the Labor Member of Parliament, says he has yet to raise the question of legislation before the House of Commons, and there are doubts that the current Conservative government would support such a proposal.
``If there's any problem, call me before.'' 
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Indeed, since the Haitian military did watch CNN, it is possible that the network's forecasts served the same purpose as the air campaign in the Persian Gulf war: weakening the enemy's resolve before the ground invasion.
Mario Cuomo showed a statistically significant lead in polls taken before last week's primary.
Just days before, Clinton had chastised the junta as thugs who brutally executed children, raped women and murdered priests.
Hunter, who somehow recalls entertainment minutiae from eras before he was born, plays father figure, best friend and ringmaster.
I'm not the author of a new era.'' He indeed was a painter and fashion illustrator before taking his first job as a designer in 1976 for an Italian ready-to-wear company called Cadette.
I'm not the author of a new era.'' He indeed was a painter and fashion illustrator before taking his first job as a designer in 1976 for an Italian ready-to-wear company called Cadette.
There, too, are examples of every-day items altered for those with the disease: a spoon with a huge handle that curves to accommodate the fingerless hands; a zipper with a broad string attached; and shoes bound not with laces but with tape (before the days of Velcro).
A plaque on the wall tells their tale: ``Thrust out by mankind These 12 women and 23 men Crying out to God Their only refuge Formed this church In the desolation that was Kalawao.'' Fujinaga spins the story of Kalaupapa as we continue our trek down the rocky red clay road to St. Philomena Church, telling us about Father Damien, the priest who spent 16 years ministering to the residents before dying himself of Hansen's disease; of Mother Marianne, a nun who, for 30 years, took care of the girls and young women of Kalaupapa; and of Brother Ira Dutton, who ministered to the boys and young men for more than 40 years.
``No one ever wanted to hold my hand before,'' he says.
But whatever you decide to do, you must have a car here -- you won't even get out of the airport without one because there's no public transportation -- and, since cars are at a premium, you should reserve one before you leave the mainland.
A senior State Department official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that the American-led combat force that swept into Haiti on Monday will ``certainly'' begin withdrawing from Haiti by New Year's Eve ``barring some unforeseen circumstances.'' But another Clinton administration official said the invasion blueprint called for ``a six-month U.S. presence,'' adding: ``Now, I don't think we will hand this to the U.N. until spring.'' U.S. officials said the Clinton administration will carefully weigh a variety of political, military and security concerns before ordering Army Gen.
American forces are initially imposing ``a military lockdown,'' said one Pentagon planner, before focusing on getting Haitian institutions back to a level of ``basic functioning.'' Army Gen.
Top with a mixture of eggs, whipping cream and milk flavored with vanilla and sweetened with a little sugar before refrigerating overnight.
Cool 15 minutes before cutting into rectangles.
Let stand about 10 minutes before serving.
About 30 minutes before baking, remove from refrigerator.
Richards, pilot Blaine Hammond, flight engineer Susan Helms and mission specialists Mark Lee, Carl Meade and Jerry Linenger shut off their science experiments before Monday's landing attempts, and there were no plans to reactivate them.
Although the case resembles one in Germany this year in which a someone calling himself Dagobert planted bombs and led the police on elaborate ruses before being caught, the Polish police do not suspect that it inspired Augustynek.
And it raises questions that men and women are still struggling to answer -- how to balance motherhood and professional ambition, and how much fathers are willing to buck tradition and put their children before their careers.
It was all in favor of women before.'' The battle lines were drawn after a July decision by Judge Harriett R.
In a sharply worded opinion that offers a glimpse into the lives of two Washington professionals who married in 1984 and separated eight years later, Judge Taylor painted Ms. Prost as a driven workaholic who seldom arrived home before dinner and Greene as a doting father who put his children first.
This judge ignores the maximum effort that she made while rewarding the minimum effort that he made.'' While Judge Taylor praised Greene for attending the parent interview for his son's kindergarten, going on class trips, and dropping by occasionally to read children a story, Ms. Prost's supporters argued, the judge ignored the testimony of the kindergarten teacher who said Ms. Prost was a ``surrogate room mom.'' Greene got credit for arriving home first, Ms. Prost's lawyers said, but Ms. Prost was not praised for getting up every morning at 5:30 a.m. and playing with her sons before she left for work at 8 a.m. Moreover, Ms. Prost's supporters said, the judge ignored the testimony of a psychiatrist approved by both sides who said the children's primary attachment was to their mother, and failed to take into account that during the nearly two-year period when Greene was unemployed, he did not take care of the children full-time.
And Ms. Prost pointed to five and a half months of Senate day care logs showing that she never signed her younger son out of the center after 6 p.m., and often did so before 4 p.m. But Sandra G.
Taken in by a wealthy family, the young woman is declared a foreign princess who must have been kidnapped by pirates before washing ashore in Britain.
But usually he waits for me to ask for advice before giving it.
BABIES CAN CONTACT GENITAL WARTS AT BIRTH KANSAS CITY, Mo.  (BC-GENITAL-WARTS-BABIES-KAN) One month before she was to give birth, Tina Yoksh of suburban Gladstone was diagnosed with genital warts, a sexually transmitted disease.
Because the demands of managing Macy have been so intense for the last three years, Ullman intends to spend a chunk of his severance package on five trips with each of his five children before taking another job.
Although the case resembles one in Germany this year in which a someone calling himself Dagobert planted bombs and led the police on elaborate ruses before being caught, the Polish police do not suspect that it inspired Augustynek.
He is also more willing to separate his religious beliefs from his coaching since being sued by the American Civil Liberties Union for holding prayer sessions before games and for coming under local criticism for supporting for Colorado's anti-gay amendment, which was later declared unconstitutional.
That hasn't stopped him, however, from founding and supporting Promise Keepers, a Christian men's support group that drew 300,000 devotees to six stadium rallies around the country last summer before this season started.
At a July rally before 52,000 at Fulsom Stadium -- the very place where about the same number of fans watched Buffaloes rout Wisconsin on Saturday night -- McCartney kissed his wife and launched into a speech on the importance of family while protesters outside chanted: ``Two, four, six, eight, Bill McCartney's full of hate.'' From his plush office in the new Dal Ward Athletic Center, McCartney speaks in cautious tones about the line between his faith and his football.
Last year their defense fell apart and they went 1-4 before winning their last 11 games.
The incinerator had burned roughly 1,000 pounds of garbage a day for 31 years before it was closed three years ago for refurbishing.
But an editorial in Monday's Evening Standard said: ``It is easy for us to carp from the sidelines; for once let us have the generosity to acknowledge that the world is, however marginally, in better order than before because of President Clinton.'' 
That it still existed even at their last face-fo-face meeting and only four days before the season was called off underscores how totally the players and owners had failed to bridge that gap.
Less than 15 hours before Selig announced the cancellation of the rest of the season, union officials, who had heard of Selig's intentions, received a message indirectly from an owner wanting to know why the union hadn't made a counteroffer to the owners' new offer.
They also took up procedural questions of how to try to get a bill through the Senate and the House in the three or four weeks that remain before Congress adjourns in mid-October, including questions of how much debate should be allowed before supporters try to force a vote.
``It's a death sentence before they die,'' she said.
``We've been in bear markets before,'' said Brian Zipp, who oversees mortgage-backed trading at Lehman Brothers.
This trend of the Giants' making the playoffs after going 3-0 goes all the way back to 1941, when the team started 5-0, finished first in the Eastern Division before losing the National Football League championship to the Chicago Bears, 37-9.
Giants players were again confused before this season started when Reeves benched Carlton Bailey in favor of Corey Widmer.
In the settlement, Prudential agreed to a number of procedural changes, including hiring a new branch manager for its Boise office, insuring that prospectuses are delivered to investors before sales are made, maintaining records of options trading in Boise and requiring regional officials to review and approve all options trades in the state.
The trademark loquaciousness of Kubek, who played for the Yankees from 1957 to 1965, was not well known before he was hired to call games for NBC in 1966.
Well, the Chiefs showed the Falcons that they could stand a little improvement in every facet as Kansas City dominated in a 30-10 victory before 67,357 fans, the Falcons' second-largest crowd ever.
Coca-Cola rallied the markets early with a forecast, released before Wall Street trading began, that its worldwide sales would be up 12 percent in the third quarter, probably producing its best quarter in five years and significantly exceeding analysts' estimates.
Researchers found that the program was most successful when it reached teen-age mothers before they dropped out of school.
Switzer was named Cowboys' coach days before Casillas signed with Kansas City.
The Curry campaign overcame this advantage by spending the months before the primary reviewing a list of 200,000 likely voters, identifying potential supporters and making sure they went to the polls.
The bustle of their daily lives had virtually ground to a halt before the images of American troops landing in their homeland.
Shortly before the Americans began landing, an unsigned advisory was broadcast on Haitian television warning that war would erupt if foreign troops came to Haiti.
The poor people point out that Cedras has promised to vacate power before, as in the Governor's Island Agreement of a year ago.
He had to withdraw from the inaugural Presidents Cup before it began, struck down by a severe gastrointestinal problem that had stripped 14 pounds from his already taut frame.
The idea of breaking a tie at the end of Sunday play with a sudden death match between two players whose names are put in an envelope before the day's play begins should be kept.
A senior State Department official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that the American-led combat force that swept into Haiti on Monday will ``certainly'' begin withdrawing from Haiti by New Year's Eve ``barring some unforeseen circumstances.'' But another Clinton administration official said the invasion blueprint called for ``a six-month U.S. presence,'' adding: ``Now, I don't think we will hand this to the U.N. until spring.'' U.S. officials said the Clinton administration will carefully weigh a variety of political, military and security concerns before ordering Army Gen.
American forces are initially imposing ``a military lockdown,'' said one Pentagon planner, before focusing on getting Haitian institutions back to a level of ``basic functioning.'' Army Gen.
Last month, Cuomo said he would propose an additional tax cut of between $1 billion and $1.5 billion before the Nov.
Clearly, one will be gone before the season begins, most likely Anthony or Rivers.
In addition, the Knicks are still in need of more scoring, and they would like to trade for an offensively skilled small forward with ball-handling skills before the season starts.
``I think there's a sense that before we start looking at significant service reductions, we make certain that all administrative fat be squeezed out,'' he said.
The mall must do the street work before the city can issue building permits or certificates of occupancy, the Department of Transportation said Tuesday.
Part of the south parking structure will have to be rezoned for commercial use before the project can go forward.
Philippe Biamby, chief of the Haitian army staff, declared to the U.S. delegation that he would commit suicide before being driven into exile.
He said it was only after Biamby was tipped off, apparently from a source in North Carolina, that paratroopers from the 82nd Airborne Division had left Fort Bragg shortly before 7 p.m. that they became convinced of Clinton's resolve.
The mall must do the street work before the city can issue building permits or certificates of occupancy, the Department of Transportation said Monday.
The timing was unusual and risky, participants said, because it came nearly a year before the current contract was to expire, on June 30, 1995.
Shortly before the Americans began landing, an unsigned advisory was broadcast on Haitian television warning that war would erupt if foreign troops came to Haiti.
And it further follows that he has the right to defend himself and can waive counsel.'' Ferguson is due back in court Tuesday before Judge Donald E.
``But clearly we are in a better position to work for peace in a peaceable way today than we were yesterday.'' On Sunday, Clinton stepped up to and over the brink of military action, ordering American warplanes into the air to ferry paratroops to Haiti, before Carter, Nunn and Powell finally won a promise from Cedras and Biamby to give up their power.
``Unfortunately, we've seen the Haitian military make promises before that they haven't kept,'' he said.
It could help as White House supporters try to push through at least a few of Clinton's legislative goals before skittish members rush home to campaign for re-election.
And it gives Congress a chance to deal with other issues in the fleeting few weeks before adjournment in mid-October.
But even before he spoke to Clinton, the talks had been interrupted by Brig.
He faced polls showing that two-thirds of Americans opposed his policy, and he feared that when the issue came before Congress, lawmakers would try to block any military action.
Gergen and George Stephanopolous won approval for a strategy calling for Clinton to ratchet up his language in the 10 days before an invasion.
Barring a last-minute breakthrough, they decided, American commandos and paratroopers would begin to storm ashore in Haiti shortly before 2 a.m. Monday.
Monday, the former president said that even before the mission was approved, he had done another bit of free-lance diplomacy.
In a private, hour-long meeting with Vice President Al Gore, a strong promoter of the Carter mission, hours before Clinton's speech to the nation on Thursday, Christopher insisted that any such mission must seek to ``clarify'' rather than ``complicate'' the situation.
 (BC-HAITI-RECONSTRUCT-2NDTAKE-NYT) THE CLOCK: DEADLINE NEARS AS TALKS CONTINUE It took only the slightest signal from Cedras that he would receive such a delegation before the White House announced its surprise swerve in strategy.
Talbott, a journalist and author before joining the administration, furiously rewrote the agreement.
The Sooners blew a 24-point lead at Syracuse before rallying to win, coughed up three late turnovers in a 22-point loss at Texas A&M and put itself at risk with two fourth-period turnovers in Saturday's 17-11 victory over Texas Tech.
15 visit to Kansas State looms as the only mildly serious intervening test for Nebraska, the Buffaloes travel to Michigan and Texas before they open the conference schedule Oct.
But even before he spoke to Clinton, the talks had been interrupted by Brig.
He faced polls showing that two-thirds of Americans opposed his policy, and he feared that when the issue came before Congress, lawmakers would try to block any military action.
Gergen and George Stephanopolous won approval for a strategy calling for Clinton to ratchet up his language in the 10 days before an invasion.
Barring a last-minute breakthrough, they decided, American commandos and paratroopers would begin to storm ashore in Haiti shortly before 2 a.m. Monday.
Monday, the former president said that even before the mission was approved, he had done another bit of free-lance diplomacy.
In a private, hour-long meeting with Vice President Al Gore, a strong promoter of the Carter mission, hours before Clinton's speech to the nation on Thursday, Christopher insisted that any such mission must seek to ``clarify'' rather than ``complicate'' the situation.
 (BC-HAITI-RECONSTRUCT-1STLD-2NDTAKE-NYT) THE CLOCK: DEADLINE NEARS AS TALKS CONTINUE It took only the slightest signal from Cedras that he would receive such a delegation before the White House announced its surprise swerve in strategy.
Talbott, a journalist and author before joining the administration, furiously rewrote the agreement.
I would like to know a little bit more about the man's platform before I can support his bid for office.
But an editorial in Monday's Evening Standard said: ``It is easy for us to carp from the sidelines; for once let us have the generosity to acknowledge that the world is, however marginally, in better order than before because of President Clinton.'' 
``That's why I still rank `Number One' on the Democrat `Hit List'!'' An invitation to Burns' recent $500-a-person breakfast in Seattle warned about Democratic Senate nominee Jack Mudd, although Mudd has never before run for statewide office.
``There was `The Civil War' once, and `Huey Long' before it.
The arguments Monday included ones made in the preliminary hearing before Kathleen Kennedy-Powell, a Municipal Court judge, held to determine whether the evidence was strong enough to send Simpson to trial.
Davis has walked away from football twice before.
``We are talking another year, perhaps two years, before we can execute him,'' Samson said.
He also served as director of player personnel before being promoted to assistant coach/assistant to the general manager in 1991-92.
Carter's pass-coverage skills might have been Kansas City's little secret before, but not anymore.
His postseason play the year before helped propel the Kings into the Stanley Cup Finals, but, in large part because of the financial problems facing then-majority owner Bruce McNall, McSorley was traded to Pittsburgh in August 1993.
McSorley, a free agent at the time, was tendered a five-year, $9 million offer by the St. Louis Blues, which the Kings matched before dealing him.
Lett stuffed the 57-yard try, setting up overtime before a crowd of 64,102.
Sanders, widely considered the NFL's best running back before the maturation of Smith, needed 75 yards in the game to reach 7,000 for his career.
These Cowboys have been down by double digits before.
Two weeks before they play again.
Most torn ACLs, he said, occur in season, so there's more time to recover before the following season.
If Bennett, who started three games last season, returns to the team, he would bolster a secondary that was already thin before the loss of star cornerback Carl Greenwood to a fractured ankle.
Or that great story idea you have to jot down before you forget it?
She looks at pictures of Dennis, her name before surgery, and sees him as someone who is dead.
The patient or therapist should get a second opinion before surgery is done, and the primary therapist should know the patient for at least six months.
Wendy Carlos: As Walter, she pioneered music for the synthesizer before becoming Wendy and coming out of the transsexual closet in a May 1979 Playboy interview.
Kennedy staged his own death in a home movie just two months before his assassination?
Probably the juiciest chapter is ``Blue Movies of the Famous.'' Poundstone drags up every rumor he can find about Hollywood's finest who did the bump and grind before stardom.
``Dan Marino said before the game that running the ball is an attitude,'' said Kirby, who wrapped up his first career 100-yard rushing day by the start of the fourth quarter and yielded thereafter to Bernie Parmalee.
It comes from the coach, a guy who's been perfect before and likes the feeling.
Przemieniecki later was held as a prisoner of war for nine months, then lived in Italy and England before moving to the United States and becoming a U.S. citizen.
Or that great story idea you have to jot down before you forget it?
She looks at pictures of Dennis, her name before surgery, and sees him as someone who is dead.
The patient or therapist should get a second opinion before surgery is done, and the primary therapist should know the patient for at least six months.
Wendy Carlos: As Walter, she pioneered music for the synthesizer before becoming Wendy and coming out of the transsexual closet in a May 1979 Playboy interview.
Kennedy staged his own death in a home movie just two months before his assassination?
Probably the juiciest chapter is ``Blue Movies of the Famous.'' Poundstone drags up every rumor he can find about Hollywood's finest who did the bump and grind before stardom.
``Dan Marino said before the game that running the ball is an attitude,'' said Kirby, who wrapped up his first career 100-yard rushing day by the start of the fourth quarter and yielded thereafter to Bernie Parmalee.
It comes from the coach, a guy who's been perfect before and likes the feeling.
Przemieniecki later was held as a prisoner of war for nine months, then lived in Italy and England before moving to the United States and becoming a U.S. citizen.
``People are just appalled that Exxon was paid from the settlement even before the bulk of the restoration studies got started and habitat got purchased,'' says Riki Ott, who emerged as a leading environmental organizer after the spill.
Despite Wolverton's and Fisks' enthusiasm, Albert Motz, a San Antonio landscaper, said the system can only be installed if it meets state requirements for water quality, which require an on-site purification system before water is spread over the yard.
The proverb means that a person ought to know how to put something back together before he or she even attempts to disturb and disassemble it.
Why didn't Clinton, who had successfully played the Carter card in North Korea, think of using the former president in Haiti before U.S. troops were put on high alert?
Why didn't Clinton play the Carter card before sending troops?
Given Clinton's use of Carter for the delicate North Korean mission and the recent negotiations with Cuba's Fidel Castro, it's a wonder Clinton didn't use Carter before last weekend.
Make sure your paycheck clears before money is taken out.
``If you have an automatic draft coming into the account on the first of the month, your automatic debit may not clear if it arrived at the bank before your electronic deposit arrives at the bank,'' says Carl Vincent, a financial planner at IDS Financial Services in Houston.
Arrange potatoes on grill before heating it, and spray second side of potatoes.
``If the need arises for more overnight accommodations, then it should be done outside the parks.'' 	The legislation before Congress moves in the same direction, prohibiting the establishment of new concession facilities in parks if it is feasible to put them outside park boundaries.
Tickets may also be obtained with a credit card by calling an English-speaking agent seven days before a performance.
Maybe a more experienced rider would have bailed out before the crash, which happened only a short distance out of the gate.
But two years ago, before his first race ...
But before that fateful Wednesday in early August, Jenkins had done pretty well.
``He's been having a problem eating for the last two or three weeks,'' his mother said, adding that his doctors want him to start eating more before he's transferred to another hospital to begin rehabilitation.
Skater Tonya Harding's upbringing had all the symptoms of a psychological disaster: her mother was married six times, often to emotionally and physically abusive men; she bounced from school to school, once every eight months before dropping out at age 16; she married and twice divorced a man she signed a restraining order against to escape physical harm.
The sports psychologist met with Harding 14 months before she pleaded guilty to hindering prosecution in the conspiracy to harm rival skater Nancy Kerrigan and was subsequently banned from future competition by skating officials.
Ungerleider called for U.S. Olympic officials to take decisive action to ``intervene before more tragic events like the Harding affair occur.'' He said athletes should reach minimum education levels before being allowed to compete, and have counselors and tutors available when they train or compete away from home.
Maybe eight or nine cases, much of that bought before leaving New York last fall, knowing that prices and selection in Dallas were no match.
No wine cellar before its time, it seemed.
(It's remarkable how many times a really well-wrapped package can hit the floor before something breaks.) Now, having established my postal credentials, I would like to register a mild protest about something that only recently came to my attention: WHAT IN THE EVER-LOVING, BLUE-EYED WORLD IS THE POSTAL SERVICE DOING SPONSORING FOOTBALL GAMES ON TELEVISION?
``Oink-ment!'' he answers, before dropping down out of view again.
After riding the exercise bicycle in his dressing room for 28 minutes to loosen up before that same show, O'Brien entertained a writer and cue-card holder by staging a dramatic ``mini-stroke'' that would see him slide his 6-foot-4-inch frame along a wall in mock pain.
But before plunging in, he'll certainly remember ``The Air Up There,'' the comedy released early this year that cast him as a basketball coach recruiting players in Africa.
Noam Federman, a former leader of the outlawed Kach group of militant Jewish settlers, filed a motion this week before the supreme court seeking to block the Israeli participation.
TEXAS COURTHOUSE KILLER EXECUTED HUNTSVILLE, Texas  (BC-LOTT-EXECUTION-TEX) George Douglas Lott, an Arlington attorney who gunned down five people, killing two, in the Tarrant County Courthouse in 1992, had no final statement before he was executed by lethal injection early Monday.
Lott, who graduated from Southern Methodist University before entering the UT School of Law, operated a general law practice from 1981 to 1988, when he asked the State Bar of Texas to place him on inactive status.
Best was breaking up, resulting in what Lott called ``a very bitter divorce case.'' A divorce court rejected Lott's claim for custody of his young son and the 2nd Court of Appeals upheld that ruling about six months before the courthouse shootings.
	POLL-VOTERS (Washington) -- An extensive new Times-Mirror poll takes a deep look at the state of the American electorate and finds voters are more politically unanchored than ever before, and more and more people are behaving like independents.
Twice-weekly shopping trips to Miami before the embargo stopped flights were not uncommon for the tiny elite.
	ROME (NYT) -- Striking before dawn Tuesday, Italian police arrested scores of people, including a former Interior Minister, Antonio Gava, accusing him of conspiring in a ``perverse circuit of criminal enterprise'' with Neapolitan mobsters, politicians and businessmen.
	WASHINGTON (NYT) -- As clashes broke out in Haiti between civilians and the military police, American forces appeared adamant Tuesday that they would not step in as policemen -- a role they had intended for others before last-minute negotiations left the Haitian police in place.
	But those plans were changed only hours before the troops began to land, senior officials said, because of the surprising outcome of the weekend negotiations led by former President Jimmy Carter.
But the experience of Haiti since Baby Doc Duvalier fled in 1986 is that the army will cede power only as a tactical maneuver before seizing it back.
Old Central American hands believe it will not be long before the U.S. embassy is back to its old tricks: attempting to curb a radical leader by using the threat of the military against him.
But the experience of Haiti since Baby Doc Duvalier fled in 1986 is that the army will cede power only as a tactical maneuver before seizing it back.
Old Central American hands believe it will not be long before the U.S. embassy is back to its old tricks: attempting to curb a radical leader by using the threat of the military against him.
But the experience of Haiti since Baby Doc Duvalier fled in 1986 is that the army will cede power only as a tactical maneuver before seizing it back.
Old Central American hands believe it will not be long before the U.S. embassy is back to its old tricks: attempting to curb a radical leader by using the threat of the military against him.
``If you want to use the cards for a small business, you can get a lot of good deals.'' It's best to pile up the cards before hanging out a shingle.
	Ms. Taylor had brought her son Willie's favorite soft yellow suede shoes to the protest and held them up before a crowd of a thousand people.
FORMER ITALIAN INTERIOR MINISTER ARRESTED ROME  (BC-ITALY-CRIME-350&ADD-NYT) Striking before dawn Tuesday, Italian police arrested scores of people, including former Interior Minister Antonio Gava, accusing him of conspiring in a ``perverse circuit of criminal enterprise'' with Neapolitan mobsters, politicians and businessmen.
Some strategies, from consultants and credit industry experts, for charging a start-up: Accumulate bank cards before starting the business.
It has to cover costs for materials, labor and marketing for two to three months before revenues start coming in.
The night before the initial run, DRC Rail Tours will throw a big bash at Stockyard Station for state officials and leaders of cities along the route.
The night before the initial run, DRC Rail Tours will throw a big bash at Stockyard Station for state officials and leaders of cities along the route.
Popular literature and the clinical experience of psychiatrists have convinced many lay people and professionals that menopause increases the risk of depression in women who were never before clinically depressed and whose depression was not attributable to any life event.
But Robertson was indulging in romantic hyperbole when he tries to make people believe that the good ol' days were wonderful, before permissive '60's liberals messed up the culture and abandoned traditional standards of behavior.
As per their agreement with Reeves that for each victory before the bye week would mean a day off, the Giants won't work out again until Monday.
Reading ``Howl'' before a rowdy crowd of well-wishers, Ginsberg, who was 30 at the time, begins in a quavering voice; he had not yet developed what he later came to call ``his deep quiet heart tone.'' Still, his voice picks up assurance and power as his hour-plus poem builds in intensity, as does his audience's reaction to the poem's vehement condemnations of society's hypocrisy and guilt.
Of his early 1970s musical versions of William Blake's ``Songs of Innocence and Experience,'' for example, he notes wryly, ``I stayed up three nights setting two dozen Blake songs to one chord before I discovered a second chord.'' Ginsberg is not the only contemporary poet to place an emphasis on the oral tradition, of course.
The defensive tackle said he no longer had the health problems that led to his departure seven weeks ago from the Kansas City Chiefs before he ever played for them.
The political calendar ``virtually precludes'' Powell from seeking the Democratic presidential nomination before the year 2004, said Roger Wilkins, a former Johnson administration official who is now a professor of history and American culture at George Mason University in Virginia.
The results were based on in-depth surveys completed in late July before Powell's prominent role last weekend as a member of the three-man negotiating team sent to Port-au-Prince by Clinton.
The results were based on in-depth surveys completed in late July before Powell's prominent role last weekend as a member of the three-man negotiating team sent to Port-au-Prince by Clinton.
One wonders: Won't repetitions of the song be, for some, like the sound of fingernails dragged across a blackboard before the show runs its course?
The orchestral personnel in the pit often shifts long after rehearsals have ended; new singers and even conductors come and go during a run of performances, so the player's confidence in the page before him or her must be absolute.
So, obviously, are the plum jobs; when Grande needed an assistant recently, he received more than 80 applications and interviewed 12 applicants extensively before selecting Robert Sutherland, formerly of the Canadian Opera Company.
The duties -- as he learned them on the job -- include, besides the technical work, the smooth physical operation of getting hundreds of parts on and off the right stands on hundreds of nights, the niceties of alerting players when they need to look out for something in their music that wasn't there before, and some liaison between guest conductors and the administration and orchestra.
``The three of them got a million-five each just for the warm-up concert in Monte Carlo, and then two million for L.A., before royalties,'' Grande says.
And, as special effects go, rain is certainly as much fun as a crashing chandelier, a hovering helicopter or a twirling beast who turns into a prince before your eyes: the water falling on the stage is real.
Parliamentary elections are to be held before the end of the year.
It shrank by an average of 2.9 percent a year over the past decade, before descending toward utter collapse under the weight of international trade sanctions over this past year.
Set up in 1977 by the city food department and now owned by the Moscow Culinary Association, the museum has all new exhibits to replace those originally gathered by the Soviet bureaucracy before the museum closed nearly a decade ago.
But that was before the Henson family saw the manuscript.
And the quiet confidence and ambition that led him away from the family business are on display before the world as he commands the American forces in Haiti.
But that was before the Henson family saw the manuscript.
The WTC traced its decision to conscientious altruism: sure, the debuts of 14-year-old phenoms attract interest and investments, but what about the stress on the youngsters themselves, 19 percent of whom bomb out before they're 20?
They don't count, said the WTC, a bit of double talk that prompted Mary Carillo, who was on the 97 percent side among the experts who testified before the WTC's commission, to accuse women's tennis of ``going with the three percent because that's where the money is.'' According Worcester, it would be wrong to suddenly tell these players, all of whom are already strategically if differently placed in the marketplace, that they can't play.
``The inquisition had its role,'' Gianni Versace was quoted by the Rome daily newspaper Il Messaggero as saying last weekend at an exhibition in Berlin, before the accusations against his brother became public.
A fight for the loyalty of the seven million Zulus no longer poses the dire national threat that it did before the April elections, when many feared that disorder in the predominantly Zulu province of KwaZulu/Natal could make a fair election impossible.
-- With its football ratings at least as high as CBS', how long before someone at Fox demands to know why Fox's prime-time ratings lag so far behind the other networks?
Their poor human rights record, coupled with an institutional resistance to Aristide that began well before his landslide election in December 1990, raised serious questions over whether he and his government will be safe when he returns to Haiti.
But now, thanks to a never-before used loophole in an extradition treaty, he is a free man and something of a local hero.
But those plans were changed only hours before the troops began to land, senior officials said.
Sheehan, director of operations at the Pentagon, said in an interview today that the military's mission, and the rules governing the use of force in carrying out the mission, were changed in the middle of the night just before the occupation began on Monday, after commanders reviewed the agreement negotiated by the delegation to Haiti led by Carter.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) That committee, the Committee on Court Administration and Case Management, is scheduled to meet again in December, shortly before the experiment ends, and could possibly come up with a new proposal.
The new nationwide poll included telephone interviews with 747 adults on Sunday afternoon and evening, before the troops occupied Haiti.
Raoul Cedras said Tuesday that they expected to win passage in parliament soon of a sweeping amnesty for Haitian military leaders for political crimes committed before and after taking over the government in 1991.
Enactment of an amnesty provision could clear the way for Cedras and other leaders of the Haitian military junta to resign well before the deadline of Oct.
It may be many years before anything will happen.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
Testifying before the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, the director, R.
Dave Gallagher stopped by, too, the day before the Atlanta outfielder was to move his family back to New Jersey now that the season has been ended.
Questions about what happens, now, what happens if they implement, what happens to incentive bonuses, questions about hot rumors.'' The players were addressed not only by the union hierarchy, but also by Glavine and Brett Butler of the Dodgers, player representatives who attended what few negotiations took place before the season was declared dead last Wednesday by Bud Selig, the acting commissioner.
The only face-to-face meetings between Selig and Fehr will take place on Thursday, when both are expected to testify in Washington before a House Judiciary subcommittee on baseball's antitrust exemption.
I think something will happen (before, barring a lockout, the Oct.
Ms. Taylor, who had brought Willie's favorite yellow suede shoes, held them up before a gathering of perhaps a thousand people.
``We are all in agreement on this now, Americans and Haitians,'' said a young Haitian soldier in freshly-pressed green fatigues, whose sergeant pulled him away before he could give his name to a reporter.
It was not clear Tuesday night what work was performed on the heaters, whether it was done properly or whether anyone other than Gerulaitis had stayed in the cottage since the service work, although Betts said he understood the cottage had not been used for at least a week before Gerulaitis arrived last week.
Smart portrays Lee, Bessie's slightly younger, divorced sister, a free spirit who hasn't had much contact with the family since she fled two decades before -- terrified by the sickness and the responsibilities it required.
Final bids are expected before the end of the month.
A spokeswoman for Mead, which is based in Dayton, Ohio, declined to comment on the report, other than to reaffirm that the company was on track to sell the unit before the end of the year.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) With only 10 days left before the American-imposed deadline in the Japan trade talks, each side is seeking to bring maximum pressure on the other.
