Officials expect the tabulations to be slow and they predict no trend will be verifiable before 10 p.m. CDT Sunday.
Unlike the United States, where exit polls are announced before the voting is completed, Mexico doesn't allow the news media to project results while voting is under way.
Even so, officials want to comply with popular demands for some sort of indication of the likely winner before bedtime, although certified results won't be released until Wednesday.
To help voters clear their minds, Mexico continued its long tradition of banning campaigning in the 72 hours before the election.
They were among the last refugees to be granted political asylum before the new policy on Cuban refugees took effect.
They were among the last refugees to be granted political asylum before the new policy on Cuban refugees took effect.
They were among the last refugees to be granted political asylum before the new policy on Cuban refugees took effect.
The only way I could get some shut-eye was to get my old sleeping bag out and lay down on the floor.'' Maybank, a sinewy man who washed office building windows, ran numbers and shipped away on freighters before he became homeless, knows that it takes time to cope with any kind of shift in luck, good or bad.
``It was three weeks before I could spend a whole night on my mattress,'' Maybank said at the municipal swimming pool where he works.
Proudly he shows a rent receipt and, even more proudly, he tells of visiting the IRS and striking a deal to pay back $4,800 he owes from before his homeless days at the rate of $88 a month.
McGee declined and looked elsewhere, settling on Arizona State, where he won the starting job as a redshirt freshman before slipping into trouble.
They were among the last refugees to be granted political asylum before the new policy on Cuban refugees took effect.
``To me, it's like a predictable, daily miracle, from May to November.'' We caught a dozen stripers, all between 9 and 14 pounds, before we drifted off the school.
Let me just simply respond very briefly and then go on with the second opinion that I'm now going to present on the Mainstream proposal, because I think we should have a debate about ideas and policy proposals, and just simply say to my colleague from Virginia that I smile a little bit to myself about second opinions because health care, universal health care coverage, is an idea whose time has come over and over and over again in our country, going all the way back to before World War I.
WELLSTONE: Well, I would say to my colleague, and I thank him for the question and I would be more than willing to take some other questions as well, because I think the senator from Virginia has raised an important question, before I go on with the other analysis, and let me just respond in two ways.
REID: Can I ask one last question before I no longer intrude in the senator from Minnesota's time?
``I've never containerized and airlifted a mammoth before,'' Agenbroad said Friday.
``I've never sea-lifted a mammoth before.
She also estimated that, before death, it weighed about a ton -- or a tenth of what its ancestors weighed before they swam to the islands.
Marge Schott might not re-sign Davey Johnson as manager, reportedly because he lived with his fiancee before he married her and Schott disapproves.
Many of those in the Mariel boatlift were also dark-skinned and it took years before they were assimilated into jobs, though most Cubans who had arrived earlier said it was their conditioning under communism, not prejudice, that slowed their progress.
``We started detainment enforcement shortly before the attorney general made the announcement,'' said Lemar Wooley, an Immigration and Naturalization spokesman explained.
``It's worse than being in prison in Cuba.'' Another who got in before the door slammed was Jose Ramon Ortega Garcia, 51, who said the desperation that propelled people like he and Ms. Delgado to take to the sea in rafts was so great that being resettled in a third country wasn't all that bad a prospect.
This is not being profiteered off of O.J. Simpson.'' The cards were manufactured by The Ted Williams Card Co., which gave them to Simpson as part of a contract signed in January, months before Simpson's arrest for the murder of his ex-wife and a male acquaintance of hers.
O'Hara's 6-year-old daughter, Kellie, was born three months before O'Hara joined the WPVA.
She remained on the tour until her sixth month of pregnancy and continued training and playing recreationally until three days before giving birth.
As he said to Pearsall this week before sending him into a full-contact drill, ``Did you have your Puppy Chow this morning?'' ``You're aware of those quarterbacks,'' Burns said.
Del Mar will take bets separately on the Travers before its first race.
``It will do them no good to strike because there is not any more money.'' Both the union and district are scrambling to agree on a fact-finder in order to settle negotiations before Sept.
``We just have an unstoppable offense and everybody in our lineup is awesome.'' Northridge finished with 18 hits before a crowd of 8,800 at Al Houghton Stadium.
The company is also drawing on inventories built up before the strike, and on the production at seven other Bridgestone plants in America and Canada unaffected by the strike.
Their four-day walkout began on the Wednesday before last Thanksgiving, the busiest travel day.
Trying to find and arrest nameless, faceless terrorists before they strike is an almost hopeless cause, which is why the flush of satisfaction brought on by the arrest of Carlos may be illusory.
 (BC-POLLING-REVIEW-2TAKES-NYT) Before people could instantly register their views by hand-held computers and by calls to ``800'' and ``900'' telephone numbers, before street-corner interviews were elevated into ``mall intercepts,'' before Harris and even (if barely) before Gallup, Elmo Burns Roper Jr. pioneered a profession of pulse-takers to whose insistent surveys on products, politics, personalities and popular culture four in 10 adult Americans have responded -- that is, if one recent Roper poll is accurate.
Had we stayed with that question, by late October my supposition is it would have shown Truman leading.'' Nowadays, of course, polling continues almost to Election Eve, but in 1948 it stopped many weeks before.
But we had an amazingly high cooperation rate.'' By comparing results of personal interviews with coded secret ballots distributed by the pollsters, the Roper Organization found before the 1960 election that a small percentage of Catholics had been misleading in denying their intention to vote for John F.
LOOK WHOSE TALKING TOO  (BC-TALK-TV-REVIEW-NYT) Never before, it seems, have so many Americans been so eager to hear themselves talk.
Noyes, president of the Gates Chemical Laboratory at Pasadena, Calif., prophetically called the young scientist ``a rising star, who may yet win the Nobel Prize.'' Pauling's grasp of the nature of chemical bonds and molecular structure was so formidable that Albert Einstein, whom he met that year, said he would have to ``brush up on the subject'' of chemical bonds before again attempting to engage the young Pauling in a conversation.
The tone of the petition and its success angered some people in government and in 1960, Pauling was subpoenaed to testify before the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee ``on Communist participation in, or support of, a propaganda campaign against nuclear testing.'' ``I don't know anything'' about Communist activity,'' Pauling said, emphasizing that his opposition to nuclear testing was part of his opposition to nuclear war and his long-standing concern about the biological effects of radioactivity.
But in every economy there are barriers -- institutional rigidities that constrain growth and feed price increases before everyone is back on the payroll.
But it also makes it a safe bet that Europe's inflation police will step on the brakes long before the European economies hit full speed.
Her sister, Dawna Richey, 33, said Cummings appears more depressed now than she did before the acquittals.
That cuts down the time that the blazes have to spread before firefighters find them, Christensen said.
Some parents might even take their children through a dry run before the first day of school, Dembo said.
Perhaps never before have so many kids -- and so diverse a population -- been plugged into the same sources of information.
He also recommends teens check out thrift stores and (gulp) 99-cent shops before hitting the malls.
``Definitely think of function before fashion,'' he says.
John Breaux (Bill Bradley quit the cast Friday just before curtain time, saying the mainstream had shifted to the right bank) was augmented by others who came and went as they pleased.
Proponents of national health insurance legislation chose to wait for an election once before and were disappointed; in 1974 they rejected President Richard Nixon's bill (more generous than anything they are likely to get today), anticipating sweeping victories in that year's election.
Moreover, that issue might usefully have been pondered before most Mainstreamers scornfully dismissed the very idea of requiring employers to pay part of their worker's insurance premiums.
10, the day before the House blocked it, President Clinton said in an interview said that once it was passed, the public could focus on health care.
(Reruns still can be seen at 9 a.m. weekdays on TNT.) -- The show originally was titled ``The Alley Cats,'' before it was sold to ABC.
``People are amazed at the enormity.'' Amazing is probably an understatement, considering that the angelic temple contains most of the show's scripts, 500 magazines covering the program, 3,000 publicity stills and more than 10,000 newspaper clippings -- and encompasses the before-and-after phases of the six actresses who passed through in five TV seasons.
The photo of Kate Jackson's guest appearance with Lorne Greene on TV's ``Bonanza.'' The hair nets, bonnets and electric stylers modeled by Fawcett and Shelley Hack long before the Angels soared to the screen.
That cuts down the time that the blazes have to spread before firefighters find them, Christensen said.
``Once before he tried to export his troubles to this country, and we played his game,'' said Attorney General Janet Reno.
It is to open in late 1996 -- none too soon for what Elie Wiesel, an honorary co-chairman of the commission, called ``a war for memory.'' ``This is the fourth time we're starting the center,'' he said before the lease signing on Thursday.
AID AGENCIES ARE GRATEFUL TO ARMIES GOMA, Zaire  (BC-RWANDA-REVIEW-2TAKES-NYT) To those who were old hands at dealing with human disasters, the rapid descent of a million Rwandan refugees onto this God-forsaken stretch of land had a depressingly familiar initial result: Many died before relief arrived.
But his parents came home 10 minutes before he was set to leave, and forbade him to go.
``I've been working for this for 25 years,'' he said shortly before going on stage.
``Knowing at the end of it all you've got to go in and pass this exam before a board is kind of intimidating,'' said Thagard, 50, a former Marine combat pilot.
In addition, many Brazilian states require waiting periods before handgun purchases.
Just before this development, Udai Hussein had criticized the outgoing government in Babil for mishandling the economy, asking whether the country was suffering from ``the curse of sanctions or the curse of confusion.'' Explaining the dismissal of the former prime minister, Ahmed Hussein Khuddayyir, the third person to hold the post since the gulf war, the Supreme Revolutionary Command Council said ``special efforts were needed to protect the living standards of the people.'' But the president's contribution to protecting living standards has consisted mainly of more and more price controls in a vain effort to stem inflation, and he tried to bring down prices two years ago by shooting 42 merchants.
Chiles said he expected rafters who left Cuba before the administration reversed its policy late Thursday would continue to arrive for several days.
The man who has anointed Hall of Famers before they have played their first major league game saw some baseball games last week, on different levels, and he came away with his superlatives flying.
In eight starts and one relief appearance before Clark went out, he had a 1-1 reord, six no-decisions and a 5.36 ERA.
The question is: Who was more foolish, the Yankees for signing Sax to a four-year, $12.4 million contract extension in 1991 when he could not be a free agent, or the White Sox for taking the overpriced, overrated second baseman -- before the extension took effect -- in a trade for Melido Perez, Bob Wickman and Domingo Jean?
A few weeks ago the first car dealership in town was burned to the ground right before its grand opening.
The Yankees optioned him to Columbus before the strike to keep him pitching and possibly to keep him from getting lazy.
As Michael wondered before the next game started: ``How's the frozen yogurt here?'' 
Morgan and his 8-year-old son, who he had picked up for a weekend visitation, had stopped by Robert Emry's home on Friday evening and had left just before midnight, the authorities said.
NEW BREED OF FARMERS SEES FUTURE IN ONIONS PINE ISLAND, N.Y.  (BC-NY-ONION-FARMERS-NYT) A light rain pelted the coal-black dirt that farmers in Orange County call ``black gold.'' Days before the onion harvest, which began in early August for most farmers in the area, two brothers, Joe and Dave Morgiewicz, ran their fingers through the nutrient-rich soil.
That would play into the hands of the Senate minority leader, Bob Dole, and the House minority whip, Newt Gingrich, who seem to share no grander vision than to give President Clinton a drubbing before the November elections.
Only those who apply and are found eligible for asylum before leaving Cuba will now receive automatic admission.
Few states have laws specifically setting out what prosecutors and defense lawyers may say before a trial begins.
Only those who apply and are found eligible for asylum before leaving Cuba will now receive automatic admission.
But while opponents have tested the party called the PRI as never before, much of the anger that threatened to topple it only a few months ago seems to have been tempered, much of the frustration put aside.
Political parties were barred from campaigning after Wednesday and the program itself has been prohibited from advertising in the weeks before the vote, but the message was nonetheless clear: Vote for the PRI and continue to cash in.
One owner said the owners will be there at least a week before Ravitch wanted any of them there.
Another, speaking before the decision was made, said if owners were permitted to sit at the table, ``It's going to have to be a change of mind because Ravitch absolutely does not want an owner at the table.'' Ravitch Saturday denied holding that position.
Most of the people who prepare the broadcasts in 19 languages -- 22 before broadcasts to Hungary and Afghanistan were dropped recently -- are emigres who settled in Munich over the years from Russia, Ukraine, and other places from Kyrgyzstan to Poland.
In mid-August, a German government mediator got the two sides to agree to a $38.5-million compromise, which Klose said would be covered by the existing budget, projected to rise briefly to $257 million next year to cover the costs of reducing staff and moving before settling at $75 million in 1996.
Currently, would-be marketing partners of the airlines must negotiate complex contracts and agree to buy a minimum number of miles before the airlines sign them up.
``A few years ago, they were grabbing your graduates before they were even finished, offering them leased cars and trips to Hawaii,'' said Dr. Cynthia Chesner, dean of Beth Israel's nursing school.
Some say they are beginning to view the hospital primarily as a training ground, where they will learn the basics before moving into private practice in the community -- just as physicians do.
``I like New York, but sometimes I am afraid.'' Police and Sunada's friends say that his boxing skills and self-defense instincts may have led him to resist his attackers, who police say had robbed before but had never killed.
ROOKIE OWNERS WANT TO RETURN TO THE STADIUM  (BC-BBO-SMITH-COLUMN-NYT) Rookie owners, like rookie players, must pay their dues before speaking out.
Only Bud Selig, the acting commissioner, and Richard Ravitch, the owners' chief negotiator, are to speak for management, it was announced even before the strike began.
``It's a much bigger problem than I ever would have expected it to be.'' The very idea that baseball and the players and their union continue to mix morality with finances almost three decades into their dealings is also astonishing to the Rockies' president, who says it occurs ``more frequently in this industry than in any other industry that I've ever seen.'' That is probably why veteran owners would wish the new guys wait to earn battle scars like theirs before professing to fully understand the war.
``I hope someone can grab me before I fly away.'' EXTRA POINTS Coach PETE CARROLL on the status of the club's seven draft picks: AARON GLENN, cornerback: ``Real sharp, but none of the cornerbacks have been tested so far.'' RYAN YARBOROUGH, wide receiver: ``Has been quiet, but he's really learned his stuff.'' LOU BENFATTI, defensive tackle: ``Has been solid in his progress.
He is still always smiling or cracking jokes the way he pretty much used to before the decision was made.
Now, a week before she turns 23, she is still on top.
Hours before, while thousands of people still were crossing the bridge in both directions, Bertin had gone back into Rwanda to play with a friend whose family had yet to make the trek across the frontier.
U.N. officials said that 20,000 people crossed the border on Saturday, with the number reaching a peak of 50 a minute in the two hours before Zairian troops sealed the frontier just before 2 p.m. At least that many were on the road headed for Zaire, including about 5,000 who kneeled nervously waiting for more than four hours until sunset, when they settled down for the day and began to build cooking fires.
They carried bundles of clothing and pots and pans on their heads, plus jugs of water in their hands, along with a small forest of bamboo stalks of eucalyptus branches and firewood harvested from the lush Nyungwe Natural Forest, where most fleeing Rwandans have spent their final night before crossing into Zaire.
A few weeks ago the first car dealership in town was burned to the ground right before its grand opening.
``But throughout the country, certainly beginning in the year 2000 and maybe even before, there will be a shift in representation in the Congress,'' he said.
Thus employers that dropped coverage before then could bring a federal mandate upon themselves.
``I believe that's the plan,'' Miller said hours before saddling Sea Hero as the high-weight for Saturday's handicap.
Dehere Progressing Well Speaking of Dehere, last year's 2-year-old champion who has been on the sidelines since suffering a broken cannon bone in his right hind leg just before the Florida Derby, the colt is progressing well, his owner said.
They said that the decision no longer to embrace Cuban refugees with open arms had been under consideration for weeks, in part to silence complaints that Haitians deserved the same treatment, and that it appeared sudden only because the planning was kept secret to minimize the prospect that Cubans might rush to sea before the welcome mat was withdrawn.
After a House-Senate conference committee agreed last month on a final $33.5 billion crime package -- but before the bill was actually typed up and distributed to the entire House -- Brooks, one of the negotiators, slipped in a $10 million grant for the construction of a criminal justice center at his alma mater, Lamar University, in Beaumont, Texas.
``If it's pork,'' he hooted, ``it'll be tasty!'' Republicans and Democrats alike discovered the grant just hours before the House voted Aug.
Rebuffed, he stormed out of the session shortly before midnight.
He is a throwback to an era when lawmakers did not check the polls before speaking.
AS PRELUDE TO TERRORISM CASE, PROSECUTION AND DEFENSE TEAM WRANGLE NEW YORK  (BC-NY-BOMBPLOT-LAWYERS-225&ADD-NYT) With one month to go before the scheduled start of the trial of the Egyptian cleric Omar Abdel-Rahman and 13 other defendants, the pretrial maneuverings have been dominated not by usual questions like the admissibility of evidence, but by a bitter conflict between the prosecution and one team of defense lawyers, the firm of William M.
The terror plot in the second case was, the government says, hatched after the trade center explosion but was foiled by the police before any of the targets were hit.
The government objected, arguing before the court that some of the defendants could come into conflict with each other during the trial, and therefore they needed to be represented by lawyers whose obligations were only to one person.
On Friday, at a hearing before Mukasey, while prosecutors sat in silence in front of him, Kunstler accused the government, in effect, of suborning perjury.
On Friday shortly before midnight, Rep.
It was staged under clearing skies before crowds that gathered early in the morning and packed the backyard picnic lawns, the standing-room area of the clubhouse and grandstand of the 126-year-old country track.
They had met only once before, in the Kentucky Derby three months earlier, but neither performed well in the mud and the tangle of horses.
``He's doing good,'' Wayne Lukas said in the hours before the Travers.
He has never competed in the America's Cup before, but he has sailed competitively on the world match-racing circuit.
Zedillo was assigned to lead the education ministry, where he served less than two years before taking the helm of the party as it headed toward the presidential election.
FARMERS GET BELATED SUBSIDY FROM THE GOVERNMENT, JUST BEFORE ELECTION DAY EJIDO ATAPANEO, Mexico  (BC-MEXICO-FARMERS-TEX) Just a month before Sunday's presidential election, Ezequiel Rios and 86 other campesinos in this impoverished farming community got a present from the government.
Ruiz said in the weeks just before the election there have been two or three protests a day on the street that leads to Mexico's version of the White House.
Little wonder, therefore, that these buyers are known in the industry as the ones most likely to panic and make mistakes -- like falling too deeply in love with another house before lining up a buyer for the one they own.
In this case, their buyer backed out just before the date for the contract signing.
Earlier this year Greenbaum was selling a house in Palm Beach, Fla., because his wife had found one nearby that ``she absolutely adored.'' Even though he regularly counsels clients never to buy the next house before selling the current one, he found himself breaking his own rule.
Just before trading their four-bedroom colonial home in Bethel, Conn., for a one-level ranch more suited to their later years, they looked over temporary rentals to make sure they wouldn't be caught buying something in a panic.
ELECTION OBSERVERS MAY GET MORE WORK THAN EXPECTED MEXICO CITY  (BC-MEXICO-OBSERVERS-TEX) A few days before what is supposed to be the fairest election in Mexico's history, the nation's largest electoral watchdog group levelled charges that hard-line groups within the ruling party are seeking revenge against groups working to clean up the electoral process.
Carr has taken on large-scale projects in rural areas before.
As it is currently approved, the Conestoga Landfill will last 17 to 20 years before reaching capacity, Dougherty said.
Approval could not be sought for landfills not listed on those plans, creating a rush of applications before the law took effect.
As for the stock market, the major indices are down anywhere from 3 percent to 8 percent from the highs set just before the Fed first struck.
That was years before he had his big season and won fame with an asterisk.
It got to be September, with the team about 15 games out of the race, before I realized it was the refreshments affecting me that way in the afternoon, especially if the game went extra innings.
Cheer up the sportswriter in your neighborhood by telling him, ``There, there, things will be back to normal before you know it.'' 
PLAYERS, MANAGERS FEAR THE WORST  (BC-BBO-BASECOLUMN-LADN) As the baseball strike grinds on, the disturbing questions and scenarios most feared before it began are being raised.
``If you start up again to determine pennants, I think you've got to have at least two or three weeks (to play before the postseason) to make it fair.
I'll just have to come back and try and do it next year.'' Added Williams (who has 43 home runs): ``We wouldn't have this opportunity to play the game and make all the money we do and have this great life without guys making sacrifices before us.
The strike is giving time for his hand to heal after it was broken by a pitch one day before the strike.
Why doesn't the PGA allow comedians to do short monologues to warm up the gallery before a group reaches the hole?
Without diving into a labor textbook, you can see where this standoff is heading and how far it will go before the sense or urgency intersects with a sense of revenue.
So, before it's too late to take the tarp off the stage for those events, the owners will revise the salary-cap proposition, forget it or trade it for two compromises and a clause to be named later.
This is an exceedingly difficult and contentious dispute with deeply held feelings on both sides.'' Third parties have helped bring about a settlement before.
Some advanced as high as Double A or Triple A before being released.
This can only help.'' THE MARRIED GUY Britt Bonneau, a 23-year-old infielder from Farmers Branch, played Class-A ball for the Chicago Cubs last year, but he was released before spring training.
``While I still would not have chosen to be the first one on the train, I would have liked to be on before it left the station,'' Smith said.
And consumers should clearly understand the service and cost of each insurance plan before they sign on the dotted line.
Lee was organist and choirmaster of the Brick Church for 25 years before retiring in 1985.
But it was upgraded to good before the fifth race and then to fast by the time the Travers went off at just after 5 p.m. Yet Holy Bull, who, like Tabasco Cat, did not seem to like the slop in Kentucky on Derby day, had no problems at all with the surface on Saturday.
WALTERS IS SURPRISE PARTICIPANT IN USC SCRIMMAGE LOS ANGELES  (BC-FBC-USCNOTES-LADN) USC's first scrimmage, held Saturday before fans lining both sidelines, had a surprise participant: Shawn Walters.
``Our concern is that whatever covenants and easements can be put on these properties will be put in place before they are sold off,'' said Robert B.
Historic buildings must also be maintained and repaired so they do not deteriorate before a sale.
In addition, the agency requires all purchase offers for historic properties to be reviewed by the Washington office before they can be accepted.
The first five-eighths-of-a-mile ever raced on the Del Mar turf course, it will start at the head of the backstretch and require the 4-year-olds to negotiate a 330-yard left turn at 40 mph before straightening out for the last 330.
D'hallevant, a 4-year-old son of Ogygian who'd been competitive at the Grade III level before, had his season interrupted when a Lasix injection led to an infection.
``I just want to get in here and do something no one has never done before, and that's win three Super Bowls.
A two-time state powerlifting champion, Akins set Texas' school record in the bench press (451 pounds) before enrolling for his first class.
He's challenging for a starting spot right now.'' The incumbent, junior Stonie Clark, is in the process of trying to shed 20 pounds from his 343-pound frame before Texas' Sept.3 season opener at Pittsburgh.
The officials -- and UCLA coach Terry Donahue -- blew their whistles before Williams was tackled.
Some day one of these guys is going to end up doing it, but not a freshman.'' Tackling: Donahue said he was happy with the way practice turned out, that he learned more about the team, but it isn't what he had planned before the injuries hit.
What he had planned was the first major scrimmage of the preseason, an 80-play, full-speed affair similar to what the team has done at the Rose Bowl in recent years two weeks before the season opener.
With two weeks left before their opener, the Raiders showed they are nearing regular-season form in a 29-20 victory before 50,315 fans at Anaheim Stadium.
Quarterback Jeff Hostetler saw his most extensive action of the practice season, completing 15 of 21 passes for 169 yards before sitting out after halftime.
Backup Vince Evans entered in the third quarter, went 9 for 11 for 112 yards and directed a touchdown drive on his first possession before giving way to Billy Joe Hobert.
``We've got a lot of work to do before the season opener (Sept.
``It's not good to work on things right before the season, but we've got to improve.
Offensive lineman Greg Skrepenak walked off the field before the end of the game favoring his left ankle.
	Just before he kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
Under existing law, grandparents and other relatives only can receive foster parent-equivalent payments under limited circumstances -- they must prove that the children were receiving welfare or were eligible for it when they were removed from their parents' home, and if the child lived with anyone other than the parent for six months or more before the child was officially removed from the parent's care, they would be ineligible, said Meg Baum, a legal assistant with the Legal Aid Foundation of Los Angeles.
Under California law, the main effort of social workers and judges is to reunify the parent and child -- an effort that can take up to 18 months before a child is placed in long-term foster care, in a guardianship or put up for adoption.
Under existing law, grandparents and other relatives only can receive foster parent-equivalent payments under limited circumstances -- they must prove that the children were receiving welfare or were eligible for it when they were removed from their parents' home, and if the child lived with anyone other than the parent for six months or more before the child was officially removed from the parent's care, they would be ineligible, said Meg Baum, a legal assistant with the Legal Aid Foundation of Los Angeles.
Under California law, the main effort of social workers and judges is to reunify the parent and child -- an effort that can take up to 18 months before a child is placed in long-term foster care, in a guardianship or put up for adoption.
Its ADR's fell to $26.125 on Friday from $27.938 on Monday, before the tax proposal was announced.
``You should be able to call a fund before investing and get an estimate of how much capital gains it has realized and expects to distribute.'' 
``The president in his speech the night before last promised every American a gold-plated Cadillac health care policy,'' Gramm told a Texas audience in September 1993.
``The president in his speech the night before last promised every American a gold-plated Cadillac health care policy,'' Gramm told a Texas audience in September 1993.
He served in Salinas' Cabinet, first as budget director and then as education secretary, before assuming charge of the PRI's presidential campaign, though not as the candidate.
A 53-year-old lawyer and former congressman, Fernandez led the opposition in Congress before aspiring for the presidency.
He served in Salinas' Cabinet, first as budget director and then as education secretary, before assuming charge of the PRI's presidential campaign, though not as the candidate.
A 53-year-old lawyer and former congressman, Fernandez led the opposition in Congress before aspiring for the presidency.
He served in Salinas' Cabinet, first as budget director and then as education secretary, before assuming charge of the PRI's presidential campaign, though not as the candidate.
A 53-year-old lawyer and former congressman, Fernandez led the opposition in Congress before aspiring for the presidency.
By mid-July, Ms. Foster was in Paris dubbing the French version of ``Maverick.'' She asked the film makers to send her a completed script before she left on vacation and then started to prepare for the part.
Both films rushed into production before they were solid.
Many of those in the Mariel boatlift were also dark-skinned and it took years before they were assimilated into jobs, though most Cubans who had arrived earlier said it was their conditioning under communism, not prejudice, that slowed their progress.
``We started detainment enforcement shortly before the attorney general made the announcement,'' said Lemar Wooley, an Immigration and Naturalization spokesman explained.
``It's worse than being in prison in Cuba.'' Another who got in before the door slammed was Jose Ramon Ortega Garcia, 51, who said the desperation that propelled people like he and Ms. Delgado to take to the sea in rafts was so great that being resettled in a third country wasn't all that bad a prospect.
After Tabasco Cat ran second to Unaccounted For in the Jim Dandy Stakes three weeks before the Travers, he reached into basketball for perspective.
And Paradise Creek, who won six straight stakes on the turf, would like another shot at Lure before they vote for Horse of the Year.
It said that after he was refused entry by Yemen and Libya, he found temporary safe haven in Jordan before slipping into Sudan with a false Yemeni passport in December 1993.
When it happens in the cauldron of a Jets-Giants game, on live television and before a crowd of more than 70,000 fans, attention must be paid.
In the first quarter, before O.J. Simpson came along to give the channel a lift, CNN's average prime-time audience had fallen to about 500,000 households, according to Nielsen Media Research, down from about 693,000 during the comparable period last year.
JETS' OFFENSIVE COORDINATOR IS ANSWERING THE TALENT QUESTION  (BC-FBN-JETS-OFFENSE-525&ADD-NYT) One of the first things that struck Ray Sherman when he looked at the Jets' roster before he took the job as offensive coordinator was the amount of talent the offense had at the skilled positions.
That was the question Sherman had before he took the Jets job.
Sherman had turned down the job as the Eagles' offensive coordinator the year before, saying that the timing wasn't right.
Ironically, Rich Kotite, the Eagles' coach, was the last offensive coordinator the Jets had before Sherman arrived in January.
Never before had the issues of Negro status and states' rights been brought before the people in such a public forum.
The Democratic paper said his supporters carried him off because his ``respiratory organs had failed.'' It added that if they had known how poorly he was going to do in the debate, they would have carried him off before it began.
In 1991 they were 12-4 and beat Dallas in the playoffs before losing to Washington one step away from the Super Bowl.
Aware that they can no longer survive mainly by writing tickets, many agencies are emphasizing, as never before, a need to employ specialists on a wide range of travel destinations, from the Grand Ole Opry to the Great Barrier Reef.
Even before polling stations closed, election observers reported signs of small-scale fraud.
``The information I received before going to the polling station was that the country is in complete tranquility,'' President Salinas said after voting.
Most often, stations reported that voting booth ballots ran out before everyone had voted.
But Starr overruled that decision on appeal, declaring that the deprivations had to be especially severe before they rose to a constitutional level.
The refugees were twice driven back after they threatened to surge over the narrow bridge that had been the pathway to asylum for thousands before it was closed on Saturday.
Giants General Manager George Young declined to comment about Sanders, while Coach Dan Reeves has been asked about Sanders before and laughed it off.
State law prohibits the expenditure of party funds to assist a candidate before the Sept.
Then Cuomo's lieutenant governor, Stan Lundine, said at the state Democratic convention that D'Amato's ethical problems made him ``more suited for `America's Most Wanted' than for the United States Senate.'' Shortly before the election, Cuomo accused D'Amato of being ``part of the Republican gang that pillaged and ransacked the state.'' By June of last year, D'Amato was poking his finger into Lundine's chest and shouting obscenities at him during a rally in Plattsburgh.
As the managing partner of the Texas Rangers, Bush's political dream was a World Series starting 17 days before the election and featuring his team, which was first in its division when the strike began, although it was playing below .500 ball.
And he had no trouble attracting a crowd of very young students, two of whom called him ``George Washington,'' as he read the children's book ``The Very Quiet Cricket.'' Texas reporters following him the other day were certainly curious about Ms. Richards's remarks to a group of teachers in Texarkana a few days before.
24, 1924, in Elizabeth, N.J. He entered Harvard three months before the attack on Pearl Harbor, then was drafted into the Army after his sophomore year and served in Europe as a combat infantryman.
As a result of these changes, Kassel officials say, the city of 195,000 collected 500 tons less garbage last year than it did in 1991, the year before the tax was imposed.
But after communing with reality, a chastened president came before a press corps drawn up in vast, cumbrous array to record his acquiescence with political necessity.
Two-and-a-half months before the midterm elections, Republicans sense vast opportunities to pick up seats in Congress, particularly in the House, while Democrats see significant danger.
``Everything is ready but we'll wait for the party representatives to come before we put out anything else,'' said Beltran, a 27-year-old peasant farmer who seemed a bit bewildered to have been selected president of the polling place.
And it's not costing us any more than before.
Catalyst Semiconductor was a client before it outgrew the firm's services and took financial planning in-house.
Surely there is no more urgent task before the world's governments than eradicating this embryonic trade.
``What I am trying to do is get all the parameters together, and resolve them in my own mind,'' Shinhoster said before the meeting.
Chavis paid Ms. Stansel $82,000 before he halted payments to her in May.
It's the record attendance, people going to more games than ever before.'' Baseball executives have rarely been as candid about how profits and losses are determined as Paul Beeston, the president of the Toronto Blue Jays.
The Expos illustrate that point, in reverse: with an $18.8 million payroll, baseball's second-lowest, they had the best record before the Aug.
Unlike Mitchell's bill and the measure pending before the House, the plan does not provide prescription drug coverage for the elderly under Medicare, while it does require other health insurance to cover drugs for all customers.
But it is also the calm before the storm, because publishers are preparing for the big fall season, when many of the splashiest titles are released, bookstores are full of customers and everyone in the industry hopes to find a hit that carries through until Christmas.
Back in the Frog Pond, Tom Ross checked the sky and figured it had better rain before the simmering heat from the asphalt of Krome Road drove the Cubans to fighting among themselves.
But David Casey, who had a little bit of a wild look, started going on about how Miami was a great place before Cubans and Haitians brought disease and drugs and disorder with them.
Ross had heard it all before, but he kept quiet.
In addition, FCC auction rules can bar companies of questionable reputation from participating; competing bidders can petition the FTC to void a winning bid if they can prove the winner is not of good character; winning bidders who fail to pay -- as many didn't in auctions three weeks ago -- can be heavily fined; and the FCC also can audit the financial records of bidders, both before and after the awards.
But her division recently appointed an investigator to monitor the area ``to see if we can stop it before it starts.'' 
Nels Van Patten said the producers looked at 1,000 players and/or actors before settling on the handsome Jorgenson.
It is a love story as well, with Ali MacGraw as an older woman who actually trains Martin in Mexico (before Pancho Gonzalez, playing himself, takes over).
But this is the calm before the storm, because publishers are actually resting up for the big fall season.
With all that emphasis on a movie's first weekend, the studios are compelled to advertise furiously just before a film opens.
Significant official results were not expected before Monday.
``We have never seen problems like this before.
Parading his choice before other voters on his way to the ballot box, he seemed oblivious to the notion of electoral secrecy.
A U.S. District Court judge agreed, writing that the requirement was ``equally as offensive as would be a rule that a minority family must give notification and invite comment before moving in to a predominantly white neighborhood.'' Defending the new policy, Sanders said it would not cause additional delays because it already took the Office of Mental Health more than two months to decide on approvals.
``I'd never even seen a push-up bra before I was asked to take this account,'' said Lisa Lipkin, the 26-year-old advertiser at TBWA in New York who co-designed the Wonderbra ad campaign.
Even before the Wonderbra hit the shelves, young women had incorporated the push-up bra into their wardrobes, Hethorn said.
Hundreds of faxes were sent hours before the vote to members of Congress by Gun Owners of America, quoting California state Senator David Roberti, D-Van Nuys, saying, ``When the gun lobby goes after you, it does have an adverse impact.'' Last April, Roberti defeated a recall led by the gun lobby.
It was dragged into the water and, as fish were caught, the children were allowed to inspect them before tossing them back in.
That shouldn't happen.'' At 11:30, the yellow school bus jounced down the runway and braked to a stop before the children.
``The games before the final we started flat,'' Masakayan said.
Even before the first results were made public, Ernest Zedillo, candidate for the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI, suggested he was in the lead.
But even before the official close of the polls, Mexicans who said they had not been able to vote were demonstrating in front of Mexico City's Federal Electoral Institute, the quasi-government body that is policing the race.
Turnout among the country's 45 million registered voters was heavy and appeared to be running as high as the 70 percent predicted beforehand.
The special booths ran out of ballots before everyone had voted.
``The information I received before going to the polling station was that the country is in complete tranquility,'' President Salinas said after voting.
Most often, stations reported that voting booth ballots ran out before everyone had voted.
Even before the first results were made public, Ernesto Zedillo, candidate for the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI, suggested he was in the lead.
But even before the official close of the polls, Mexicans who said they had not been able to vote were demonstrating in front of Mexico City's Federal Electoral Institute, the quasi-government body that is policing the race.
Turnout among the country's 45 million registered voters was heavy and appeared to be running as high as the 70 percent predicted beforehand.
The special booths ran out of ballots before everyone had voted.
``The information I received before going to the polling station was that the country is in complete tranquility,'' President Salinas said after voting.
Most often, stations reported that voting booth ballots ran out before everyone had voted.
This means the budget must be submitted, debated and approved by the second Monday in September, just six to seven weeks before elections.
Albany did not get around to adopting the measure until a last-minute rush of votes before adjourning in late July.
But a Yale doctor quickly focused on a different cause of the man's fever: because of an accident in his laboratory in downtown New Haven nearly two weeks before, he had become only the third person known to be infected with a new, deadly virus from Brazil.
On Friday, with a fever of 103 degrees, he went to Yale's Tropical Medicine Clinic, where he told its director, Dr. Michele Barry, he thought he was having a relapse of malaria, which he had developed twice before because of his research overseas.
The authorities would not comment on whether they were investigating James, but reports that he might face legal difficulties have circulated before.
The special booths ran out of ballots before everyone had voted.
``The information I received before going to the polling station was that the country is in complete tranquility,'' President Salinas said after voting.
Most often, stations reported that voting booth ballots ran out before everyone had voted.
	``We knew right from the beginning it was a bad marriage, and before we had children we decided to end it.'' 	Executives at Starter could not be reached for comment.
The special booths ran out of ballots before everyone had voted.
``The information I received before going to the polling station was that the country is in complete tranquility,'' President Salinas said after voting.
Most often, stations reported that voting booth ballots ran out before everyone had voted.
Opinion polls taken just before the vote showed the party's presidential candidate, Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon, holding a wide lead over his two main challengers, and a national exit poll indicated Saturday night that he might have kept most of it.
Significant official results were not expected before Monday.
Showing the form that helped him win the past three National Football League rushing titles, Smith rushed for 110 yards on 21 carries and scored a touchdown as the Cowboys tripped the Denver Broncos, 34-10, before 63,923 at Texas Stadium.
``My head hit the turf before my body actually hit the turf.
``We have never seen problems like this before.
The Cowboys are off today, have a regular practice tomorrow and a light workout on Wednesday before traveling to New Orleans in the afternoon.
Significant officials results were not expected before Monday.
Opinion polls taken just before the vote showed Zedillo holding a wide lead over his two main challengers, and a national exit poll indicated Sunday night that he might have kept most of it.
``We have never seen problems like this before.
If they choose not to use the available money before the season starts, the Clippers would have a mere 20-odd days -- free agency wouldn't start again until next July 1 -- to reach an agreement with a player.
In the first quarter, before O.J. Simpson came along to give the channel a lift, CNN's average prime-time audience had fallen to about 500,000 households, according to Nielsen Media Research, down from about 693,000 during the comparable period last year.
Aware that they can no longer survive mainly by writing tickets, many agencies are emphasizing, as never before, a need to employ specialists on a wide range of travel destinations, from the Grand Ole Opry to the Great Barrier Reef.
	Just before he kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
The company is also drawing on inventories built up before the strike, and on the production at seven other Bridgestone plants in America and Canada unaffected by the strike.
Their four-day walkout began on the Wednesday before last Thanksgiving, the busiest travel day.
Trying to find and arrest nameless, faceless terrorists before they strike is an almost hopeless cause, which is why the flush of satisfaction brought on by the arrest of Carlos may be illusory.
Back in the second quarter of 1993, just before the Clinton budget was signed, the economy was growing at a rate of 2.4 percent.
The unemployment rate stands at 6.1 percent, down dramatically from the 6.7 percent level before the Clinton budget passed.
I have not done this because I have heard of people who have ended up worse off than before it was done.
But despite all your efforts, the treelet dies, slips away right before your eyes.
Oh, well, just a few months to go before they don't bloom.
LOOK WHOSE TALKING TOO  (BC-TALK-TV-REVIEW-NYT) Never before, it seems, have so many Americans been so eager to hear themselves talk.
But his parents came home 10 minutes before he was set to leave, and forbade him to go.
``I've been working for this for 25 years,'' he said shortly before going on stage.
AID AGENCIES ARE GRATEFUL TO ARMIES GOMA, Zaire  (BC-RWANDA-REVIEW-2TAKES-NYT) To those who were old hands at dealing with human disasters, the rapid descent of a million Rwandan refugees onto this God-forsaken stretch of land had a depressingly familiar initial result: Many died before relief arrived.
At the heart of the discordance are two central themes: that the generally held view that St. Mark's Gospels were written before St. Matthew's is erroneous and that Jesus was not crucified, but stoned to death by Jews for what they believed was blasphemy.
It remains to be seen whether the policy will slow the outflow of refugees; it will be some days before that can be gauged.
A crime bill is a pre-election ritual, meant not to reduce crime but to give politicians something to parade before their voters.
Yet the hard truth is that if health-care reform is not passed before November's elections, it certainly will not be afterwards, when Clinton's ability to push anything through Congress will be far smaller.
A crime bill is a pre-election ritual, meant not to reduce crime but to give politicians something to parade before their voters.
Yet the hard truth is that if health-care reform is not passed before November's elections, it certainly will not be afterwards, when Clinton's ability to push anything through Congress will be far smaller.
The first is the American Airlines strike in 1993, just before that year's Thanksgiving holiday.
The first is the American Airlines strike in 1993, just before that year's Thanksgiving holiday.
The first is the American Airlines strike in 1993, just before that year's Thanksgiving holiday.
First, the red-hot coals that bade a warm farewell to us from the hearth of the old stone fireplace the night before had lost their glow and were losing heat.
A few sticks of dry and brittle kindling wood tossed on a bed of overnight coals will easily ignite, though, and before you know it, you have a blazing fire again.
After lunch, we had to get back to check on the fire before we could get to the store for that daily supply of newspapers.
Less than two weeks before the Dallas Cowboys kick off their regular-season drive for a third straight Super Bowl crown, some football-crazed Texans are discovering that they might not be able to catch many of the team's games on television.
If no other petitions are filed, a decision could be made before Sept.
``OK, Umberg was a prosecutor before he became an Assembly member,'' said campaign spokesman Steve Telliano.
The presence of the unit interfered with the German plan to march out, kill and bury the 18,000 to 20,000 Jews who were still alive at Dachau before the Allies could find them, Saul said.
Less than two weeks before the Dallas Cowboys kick off their regular-season drive for a third straight Super Bowl crown, some football-crazed Texans are discovering that they might not be able to catch many of the team's games on television.
If no other petitions are filed, a decision could be made before Sept.
Less than two weeks before the Dallas Cowboys kick off their regular-season drive for a third straight Super Bowl crown, some football-crazed Texans are discovering that they might not be able to catch many of the team's games on television.
If no other petitions are filed, a decision could be made before Sept.
It would not only demonstrate the validity of some outlandish predictions of quantum theory, but would create a form of matter that may never have existed anywhere before -- a substance with properties scientists can only guess at.
Bell inflated the Zodiac boat, and before shoving us off, said, ``This lake should be pretty good.'' Well, in Canada, we discovered that ``pretty good'' means never going more than five minutes without getting a strike.
Some environmentalists are calling for a phaseout of endocrine-disruptor chemicals, and already there is legislation before Congress to replace some chlorine compounds, many of which have been identified as endocrine disruptors, with feasible alternatives.
Moon put it this way: ``If you are susceptible to AIDS virus and sitting next to an infected person with a swarm of mosquitoes all around you, you'd be likely to die of blood loss before a mosquito would spread the virus to you.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
It was not long before the subject of his discourse alighted on his arm.
With barely 15 percent of Sunday's presidential vote counted and before either of his two main opponents had conceded defeat, the 42-year-old economist moved to head off protests against irregularities at the polls by announcing his party as the easy winner.
	BUKAVU, Zaire (NYT) -- On the day that the United Nations began trucking Rwandan refugees to a muddy campsite just outside this overcrowded town, the last to cross the frontier Monday was a small frail and bleeding boy who was carried across a bridge by Zairean soldier after the boy was trampled in the last wild rush by hundreds of refugees to clear the border before it was closed for the night.
BRAS MEANT TO BE SEEN, NOT HIDDEN  (BC-BRA-FASHIONS-ART-NYT) Remember the days before Madonna, when the bra was something worn For next winter's resort season, expect to see bras worn as replacements for blouses or sweaters.
In comments last week after the concert ended, John Scher, president of PolyGram Diversified, put expenses at more than $30 million and said the different ancillary products, which include sponsorships and merchandising of Woodstock products, meant it will be months before the finances shake out.
``You had a hodgepodge of performers.'' PolyGram said before the concert it would offer a two-disc set in time for the holidays.
In comments last week after the concert ended, John Scher, president of PolyGram Diversified, put expenses at more than $30 million and said the different ancillary products, which include sponsorships and merchandising of Woodstock products, meant it will be months before the finances shake out.
``You had a hodgepodge of performers.'' PolyGram said before the concert it would offer a two-disc set in time for the holidays.
If Donald Trump, who tried once before, decides it's time for the Federal League to be re-formed, and calls up (Dodgers owner Peter) O'Malley, (Yankees owner George) Steinbrenner, WGN, WTBS and some others and says, `Let's do it,' they might say, `To hell with Bud Selig (owner of the small-market Milwaukee Brewers and acting commissioner).
``My suspicion is, not necessarily O'Malley, because he's too nice a guy, but Steinbrenner and (White Sox owner Jerry) Reinsdorf, if it looks like they're going to blow away the rest of the season, and instead of making $30 million they're going to lose $10 (million), will say, `Let's give this up.' I think they'll say this before Labor Day, and they will carry the day.'' James Dworkin, associate dean at Purdue University's Krannert School of Management, says it's unlikely the dispute would get to the point of a new league.
``It's been tried before,'' Dworkin said of a rival league.
The storm's increasing forward speed makes it more formidable in two other respects as well: It allows the hurricane to race across the cooler northern waters before they can weaken it too much, and the momentum enables the storm to punch its swath of destruction many miles inland.
(Jarvinen said that in southern Florida codes were designed to cope with storms of category 3 or less, that this was far from adequate to cope with Andrew and that codes in the Northeast are probably not as stringent.) Protective beaches and dunes, eroded by development over the last few decades, should also be restored, Coch says, and adequate evacuation and sheltering procedures should be devised -- before the big one arrives.
President Clinton is seen agreeing that mandatory sentencing has its problems; on the other hand, he thanks the law for catching his own brother before his habit grew worse.
We've been treated to handcuff-wielding vampires in Pittsburgh (``Innocent Blood''), vampires battling Valley Girls in Southern California (``Buffy the Vampire Slayer'') and cannibalistic vampires who make the club scene in Los Angeles (Bret Easton Ellis' ``Informers'') Now, we have before us yet another variation on the legend of Dracula: ``The Secret Life of Laszlo, Count Dracula,'' a first novel written by Roderick Anscombe, a psychiatrist who teaches at Harvard Medical School.
The whole world's scope lies before me.'') and scenes of grotesquely violent death and dismemberment.
Brantley, one of the players named in the new subpoena, said Friday he testified last month before a grand jury in Waco probing the Baylor case, after an FBI agent brought a subpoena to his Houston home.
Asked to describe his appearance before the grand jury, Brantley said, ``It was the same stuff they've been asking about all along -- how I got eligible at Baylor and all that.'' Federal investigators are attempting to determine whether any activities related to the correspondence-course credits violated federal wire fraud statutes, according to a source familiar with the case.
Lambert, who spent two years at the Fort Smith, Ark., school before enrolling at Baylor last fall, has told SWC investigators he received a term paper during the 1993 spring semester from Troy Drummond, then a coach at the junior college.
Brantley, a forward who spent two years at McLennan Community College before transferring to Baylor, obtained more than 20 hours of course credit from Southeastern College and Shelby State Community College in Tuscaloosa, Ala., last summer.
The stereotype is this: Despite some strong (Berlioz, Bizet, Offenbach) or at least appealing (Gounod, Massenet) composers in the 19th century, French operas began to decline even before the general crisis of operatic composition in the 20th century.
As Olympia in Offenbach's ``Contes d'Hoffmann'' at the Bastille the season before last, or as the Queen of the Night this summer in Aix-en-Provence, she handled fiendishly difficult coloratura soprano singing with sweet, sure-footed ease.
The performance begins at 9 p.m. Tickets can be bought two days before the performance at the Teatro Colon, 1111 Tucuman; telephone 382-4982 (the dialing code for Argentina is 54; the code for Buenos Aires is 1).
Ticket prices will be announced only 15 days before the performance, but the association said orchestra seats (``platea'' in Buenos Aires) will cost about $70, calculated at a peso to the dollar.
Optional add follows.) Frustrated by too few ballots, voters in Tuxtla Gutierrez, in Chiapas state, smashed windows before being dispersed by police firing tear gas.
Just before the Sunday vote, the Indian rebel leader who calls himself Sub-Commander Marcos said that his movement would not immediately take up arms even if the election were fraudulent.
Optional add follows.) Frustrated by too few ballots, voters in Tuxtla Gutierrez, in Chiapas state, smashed windows before being dispersed by police firing tear gas.
Just before the Sunday vote, the Indian rebel leader who calls himself Sub-Commander Marcos said that his movement would not immediately take up arms even if the election were fraudulent.
REMEMBERING TWO CANCELED ELVIS CONCERTS, 17 YEARS LATER  (BC-ELVIS-CONCERT-NYT) Elvis Presley fans were treated to a lunch Monday marking the 17th anniversary of two concerts that never took place -- the singer died six days before his scheduled Aug.
	Suddenly, they were no longer headed for the riches and freedom of Miami like fleeing Cubans before them.
Zedillo, 42, an economist who wrote his thesis at Yale University on reducing Mexico's foreign debt, has never before held elected office.
 (BC-PRACTICAL-TRAVELER-$ADV28-2NDTAKE-NYT) If the couple in Yorkshire had observed the unsecure window before unpacking, the best solution would have been to move to another room.
I had just moved into `X' spot only two days before so it gave me a lot of confidence to know that I could do it on such short notice.
``By him practicing now you see all the things we saw before we drafted him.
``Sometimes I can sit here the whole morning and just sell one pair,'' said Awa Gbane, a shoe saleswoman who sat on a stool on the boulevard with colorful leather pumps and sandals spread out before her.
On Friday, before leaving for Moscow, Schmidbauer explained why the German police, who had set up a sting operation in the Munich affair, did not initiate contact with Russian officials until the plutonium arrived.
The two sides prepared a more detailed memo on their talks, but it will not be made public before it is reviewed by Kohl and Russian President Boris Yeltsin.
Merrill would have rather discussed the tight International League pennant race before a game last week against the Charlotte Knights in Fort Mill, S.C., but the discussion drifted quickly to how the Yankees finished in fifth place with a 71-91 mark when he managed them in 1991.
Sitting in a modest office before a recent game, he looked at home.
Despite his experience in handling dangerous viruses, when he first became ill last week with a backache and fever, he attributed it to malaria, a parasitic infection that usually can be prevented and that he was believed to have had twice before.
If he had no signs of illness, his travel would not have been restricted, and he would have been allowed to travel to Boston, as he did the weekend before last, Shope said.
``If we knew more about AIDS before the virus got here, we might have done more to stop its spread.'' Not long ago, health officials relied on quarantines to control many infectious diseases.
But now, in the era of jet travel, anyone can travel to most any area in the world before the incubation period expires, and quarantines have lost much of their value.
SPORTS OF THE TIMES: STEWART STILL IN THERE PITCHING  (BC-BBO-SMITH-SPORTSCOLUMN) When Dave Stewart took off his Toronto Blue Jays uniform for the last time before the strike of 1994 started, he knew more than most major leaguers that Yogi Berra was right.
But to a man they have defended the cause rather than mourn the possibility that their careers could end before their time.
But Stewart, who has lived through the strike of '85 as well as '81 and '94, knows that to make such an argument is to lose before a hostile public that only wants to hear ``play ball,'' not points of principle.
Michael Swier worked as a bartender in Manhattan for six years before taking over a small East Village bar in 1985.
``Our future is not sure,'' said Jose Israel Sanchez Ortega, who fled from Havana and spent five days at sea before being picked up.
I think this could be a good Open for me, and it's nice having won a Slam before because you've had a taste of what it's like.'' In 1989, Chang, at 17, became the youngest man to win a Grand Slam when he captured the French Open.
``Well, he's been injured before,'' said Chang now posing for pictures with Noreen Sumague, a 17-year-old fan.
Shortly before twilight on July 11, Naum Raichel left the Winter Garden Restaurant, which he is constructing on the boardwalk at Brighton Sixth Street.
``And we will before long.'' 
UNIVERSITY HELPS SCHOOL DISTRICT CREATE AN EXTRAORDINARY CAMPUS HOUSTON  (BC-SCHOOL-HNS) Even before it was built, the new school that the Houston Independent School District designed in partnership with Rice University was the envy of the educational community.
``It's not doing its job if it doesn't get both the yeas and nays.'' Fischer said that if he had any concerns before the sculptures were lifted into place, it was with their size in relation to the rest of the building.
But, really, I think the scale is appropriate.'' Events surrounding the installation itself began long before the sun was up.
The night before, workers hosed down Bartle Hall's south loading dock, washing away any sand or dirt that might cause a virtual wind storm of debris when the S-64 Skycrane's rotors began spinning.
``Donations just are not enough.'' Saint Springs Water Co. is the church's first commercial undertaking since before the Bolshevik Revolution in 1917.
Archbishop Aleksandr said he checked King's credentials before signing.
``At the beginning, was little bit nervous,'' said Camaj, a 52-year-old Albanian who moved to the United States in 1969 and washed windows at Kennedy International Airport before tackling the Trade Center's top windows almost two decades ago.
Yet, the views up there are wonderful, even for blase window washers like Meehan, 54, who washed windows at Presbyterian Hospital before going to work at the Trade Center in 1975.
``There is, without doubt, a better electoral law, a better voter registration list, better credentials, a better composition of the electoral organizations and with citizen participation like never before,'' he said in a pre-dawn concession speech.
But there are those like George Mateyo, who manages $3 billion in investment at Carnegie Capital Management in Cleveland, who believes yields will not come down anytime soon because the Fed, he thinks, will be forced to raise rates at least once more before the end of the year.
The administration wants ``progress before they go home,'' she said.
There are lingering concern from creditors about Hilliard's ability to continue to run a business he had never been in before.
I can say I never worked for them.'' Roman Perez, 27, also decided to leave Cuba, but instead of taking an airline flight like the Veigas did 32 years before him, the mechanic boarded a raft a week ago that barely made it through nearly two weeks of drifting in the Florida Straits.
Those waiting to see whether a loved one was among the over 500 recent arrivals included people who came on ``freedom flights'' of the 1960s and initially moved in with relatives in the Northeast before coming south; ``Marielitos'' who arrived in the huge 1980 boatlift; rafters who trickled in over the last four years to political prisoners, and deserters and family members who have come throughout Castro's 35-year-old rule.
``Many of them could have come earlier and didn't.'' Veiga worked as a butcher in this country before retiring and put his only son, Efrain Veiga Jr., now 43, through college.
Now Perez, among the last one to squeeze in before Clinton's policy change this week, waits his turn to make it in a two-bed, poorly lit motel room in Little Havana he shares with three other refugees.
``Forrest Gump,'' back in the top position by its 47th day of release Sunday, passed the $200 million gross mark the day before.
As if it weren't enough for Fox to move its oversexed soap, ``Melrose Place,'' to Mondays at 8 p.m., an hour when responsible broadcasters once were mindful that little kids do sometimes watch TV before bedtime, it has launched an equally troublesome campaign to herald next month's move.
But more than that, the retreat from affirmative-action programs reflects a philosophical perspective that Giuliani has articulated long before his mayoralty began: that race should play no role in the way government recruits, hires or delivers services.
In recent weeks, the mayor has made several appearances before black groups to try to allay those concerns.
England's New Musical Express called her ``a 24-karat fruit loop.'' ``That's nothing,'' Amos said by telephone from Phoenix a few days before the start of a three-night stand tonight at the Pantages Theatre in Hollywood.
``I'm more optimistic than I was before the meeting.'' But some of the Democrats at the meeting came out of it unhappy with the coalition.
``Donations just are not enough.'' Saint Springs Water Co. is the church's first commercial undertaking since before the Bolshevik Revolution in 1917.
Archbishop Aleksandr said he checked King's credentials before signing.
One example is the Simon Building, a five-story former factory on Irving Avenue that had many vacancies before a group of artists packed up their easels, brushes and paints and moved their studios there.
Police said they wanted to question three men who were seen near the store, the Arias Deli Grocery, at 1384 Boston Road between Crotona Avenue and 170th Street in Morrisania, shortly before the fire gutted it at 4 p.m. A clerk at a service station down the street said he saw two men dash out of the store as the fire roared through.
Neighbors said they had heard that someone had tried to burn it down at least once before, but they were puzzled as to why.
Ozimek said that, while she was enjoying the trip to a country she had hardly given a thought to visiting before, she was intimidated by the $400 cost of a brief visit to Mt. Fuji, a little more than an hour away.
Last Friday, Ms. Reno said that the refugees would be held there ``short-term'' before being taken to safe havens in third countries.
In early August, before the company announced that it was in negotiations with a buyer, the stock traded in the low $20 range.
``This puts financial institutions on very strong notice that they will need to think about their business in ways they have never thought before,'' said Karen Shaw, president of the Institute for Strategy Development, an industry consulting company.
It also reported that before the government notified Chevy Chase it was under investigation, the bank had never opened a branch in an identifiably African-American neighborhood in the Washington metropolitan area.
Suddenly, they were no longer headed for the riches and freedom of Miami, like fleeing Cubans before them.
The refugees who arrived in Guantanamo Bay on Monday morning said in interviews that they had left Cuba on the rickety, jerry-built boats the regime seemed to be encouraging before they had heard of the American change of policy.
``And meeting up with family members in Miami.'' Cicerone argued heatedly that the group had left before the change in policy and thus should be allowed asylum.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) The refugees continue putting out to sea despite word spreading in Cuba that they would be detained at Guantanamo, instead of being granted immediate political asylum, the practice before Clinton reversed that longstanding policy last week.
Three refugees were also taken into custody on Stock Island just east of Key West on Sunday, where there was an installation to process incoming Cubans before Washington changed the political asylum policy.
Other potential bidders dropped out before the final round of bids.
With barely 15 percent of Sunday's presidential vote counted and well before either of his main opponents conceded defeat, the 42-year-old economist moved to head off challenges to the fairness of the vote by announcing himself as the apparent winner.
``The mandate that emanates from this process is clear,'' he said just before 3 a.m. (5 a.m., New York time) at the headquarters of his Institutional Revolutionary Party, the PRI.
Having been told late on Sunday night that Zedillo had declared on CNN that he was the winner, Cardenas said: ``Maybe what he cannot do is proclaim himself the winner before the people of Mexico.
In an interview long before his candidacy, he spoke almost wistfully of the four years he spent as the fresh-faced head of a central bank trust fund to which the country's biggest industrialists had to turn for help in restructuring their foreign debts.
 (BC-STONE-2NDTAKE-SFCHRON) In the course of making the movie, events seemed to shift it from broad satire to closely observed fact, Even before O.J. Simpson, there were the Menendez brothers, the Bobbitts, Tonya Harding.
He believes you can't condemn child abusers because they probably were themselves abused as children, as their abusers were before them.
Yet voters gave the opposition so much support on Sunday that the governing party may be forced to share power in a way not seen before in Mexico.
The results were generally in line with pre-election surveys released in the last weeks before the election.
A few minutes after the polls closed in Mexico City, Zedillo said in an interview that he would try to get the parties to put their differences behind them and work together more than ever before.
Dr. Langer was born and raised in Newburgh, N.Y. and studied at Smith College and elsewhere before earning her Ph.D. in 1949.
She was assistant director of the Child Study Association of America before going to the Orthopsychiatric Association.
Ashley opened the season with the Dodgers when Darryl Strawberry entered drug rehab, but played only two games in 10 days before Cory Snyder came off the disabled list.
Instead, he is another victim of the major-league players strike, a top prospect whose only late-season exposure before manager Tom Lasorda began this weekend when the Dukes arrived in Nevada for a four-game series against the San Diego Padres' top farm team, the Las Vegas Stars.
But that was before quarterbacks began to vanish before his eyes.
Shortly before 6 p.m. Sunday, Jose Boccaccio, nicknamed J.R., a small boy who enjoys baseball and helping an older boy named Junior keep pigeons, headed for the take-out with his cousin and friend, Santiago Comacho, to buy dinner for the family.
-- August 22, 1994 -- BRA-FASHION-2, 8-22 -- Remember the days before Madonna, when the bra was something worn under clothes?
-- August 22, 1994 -- BRA-FASHION-1, 8-22 -- Remember the days before Madonna, when the bra was something worn under clothes?
-- August 22, 1994 -- BRA-FASHION-2, 8-22 -- Remember the days before Madonna, when the bra was something worn under clothes?
-- August 22, 1994 -- BRA-FASHION-1, 8-22 -- Remember the days before Madonna, when the bra was something worn under clothes?
-- August 22, 1994 -- BRA-FASHION-2, 8-22 -- Remember the days before Madonna, when the bra was something worn under clothes?
-- August 22, 1994 -- BRA-FASHION-1, 8-22 -- Remember the days before Madonna, when the bra was something worn under clothes?
``I just think maybe the year after next, I can play in this,'' he said 2{ hours before the opening pitch of the 48th Little League World Series.
The Expos illustrate that point, in reverse: with an $18.8 million payroll, baseball's second-lowest, they had the best record before the Aug.
He was a receiver before that -- for two years at Navy and during his redshirt and junior seasons at Penn State.
Just a few months before the draft, he said, he didn't expect to get an opportunity to play in the NFL.
Simpson sat impassively during much of the daylong hearing before Superior Court Judge Lance Ito.
In its response to Clark's motion, the defense said it is ``inflexible'' for the prosecution to insist on conducting a full battery of tests before giving the defense access to any of the evidence for its own testing.
On Monday, Clark stood up to complain that Shapiro was making allegations in court documents that were released to the media before prosecutors could respond.
The modifications, planned before the case, were moved up to reduce overtime spent guarding Simpson during such meetings, officials said.
Already strong, he pushed iron weights as never before.
Additional changes in product information will focus on interactions between Imitrex and other drugs, hypersensitivity reactions and admonishing doctors to properly diagnose migraine before administering the drug.
Yet voters gave the opposition so much support on Sunday that the governing party may be forced to share power in a way not seen before in Mexico.
The results were generally in line with pre-election surveys released in the last weeks before the election.
A few minutes after the polls closed in Mexico City, Zedillo said in an interview that he would try to get the parties to put their differences behind them and work together more than ever before.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) The refugees continue putting out to sea despite word spreading in Cuba that they would be detained at Guantanamo, instead of being granted immediate political asylum, the practice before Clinton reversed that longstanding policy last week.
Three refugees were also taken into custody on Stock Island just east of Key West on Sunday, where there was an installation to process incoming Cubans before Washington changed the political asylum policy.
Suddenly, they were no longer headed for the riches and freedom of Miami, like fleeing Cubans before them.
The refugees who arrived in Guantanamo Bay on Monday morning said in interviews that they had left Cuba on the rickety, jerry-built boats the regime seemed to be encouraging before they had heard of the American change of policy.
``And meeting up with family members in Miami.'' Cicerone argued heatedly that the group had left before the change in policy and thus should be allowed asylum.
Tson said that he and several hundred others aboard the train remained pinned to the floor for about 20 minutes before they were told it was safe to stand up.
The modifications, planned before the case, were moved up to reduce overtime spent guarding Simpson during such meetings, officials said.
Johnson, responding to questions while relaxing in an RV parked alongside the restaurant during a few candid moments before the show, got in one subtle dig at Switzer.
He had a news conference before Ravitch met with the owners but indicated he didn't expect disagreements among management tomorrow.
But he got tagged for a two-run home run in the fifth inning and Northridge was limited to one hit by pitcher Steve Kruger in suffering a surprising 4-2 defeat to U.S. Central champion Brooklyn Center, Minn., before a crowd of 11,000.
Tson said that he and several hundred others aboard the train remained pinned to the floor for about 20 minutes before they were told it was safe to stand up.
She'd give me a last once-over just before we climbed into the old Ford Woody Wagon.
Determine how much you can afford to spend before you leave your house.
If possible, wait until you have saved enough cash before making purchases.
He was released before the season began.
He became a natural foods distributor and has appeared on radio shows and before youth groups to discuss steroid addiction.
``I don't talk about that stuff no more,'' was all he would say recently before ducking into another room at his condo.
One morning when Bruce was newly awake from having worked late the night before, a case of Campbell soups was delivered to his door, compliments of the president.
At her north Phoenix home last week, McCain told the Mesa Tribune she decided to go public with her battle with drugs before the rumor mill beat her to it.
The pleasures are infrequent and incidental; a pettish, destructive movie star is brilliantly summed up in one sentence (``Sean York had a knack, or even a genius, as compensation for his lack of talent, for reducing people to a kind of nightmare version of themselves.'') Nova's technique is as it was before: a literary pointillist, specializing in the painstaking, minutely detailed textures of a scene, a moment -- ``She went out to her pale two-door Dodge, the color of it like the sky on a day when the sun just won't come out.
``In cooperation with the world-famous and awesome Dali, Halsman veered near surrealism and seized the opportunity to include Dali's comical imagination in what was put before the camera.'' You got to love ``the world-famous and awesome Dali.'' Morse captured the spirit of the Dali Shuffle -- the artist's ironic, shuck and jive self-promotion, which always had a serious edge to it.
	Just before he kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
In an attempt to describe his latest cologne in a press release, Klein says cK one is ``as sexy as the truth.'' And it ``aims to do what no fragrance has done before .
When he finally shoved aside his writing tools in 1990, after 35 years of performing a variety of journalistic chores at the Wichita Falls Times Record News, he informed his co-workers that he was moving to Oregon because ``I want to see some trees before I die.'' Copelin's friends didn't find that in the least unusual.
We had arranged with him, well before the event, to take our wedding pictures.
COMMENTARY: PANNING FOR GOLD IN ALASKA'S CROW CREEK MINE TRAVELING ALASKA  (BC-MURRAY-COLUMN-COX) Established before the turn of the century, Crow Creek Mine is one of Alaska's oldest gold mines still in operation.
Jim Honeycutt, a family friend piloting the craft, was unable to steer them to safety before it capsized.
The Lord of Sipan, who was about 40 at his death, just before the year 300, was discovered in a 12-acre pyramid near the Peruvian village of Sipan in 1987.
For example, he said, the company tried to hinder the defense by asking for a payment of nearly $685,000 before turning over all its relevant findings.
The anti-crime bill now before Congress contains provisions to develop national standards for performance and proficiency testing.
Right before serving, toss with marinated tomato sauce.
PUTTING FAT-FREE CRACKERS TO THE TASTE TEST  (BC-EATING-WELL-NYT) Long before the term ``fat free'' became an important marketing tool, there were several crackers that fit that description.
He tastes decaffeinated tea before and after the process.
Spoon the butter-herb mixture over the steaks, and serve immediately (or hold for 10 to 15 minutes in a 180-degree oven before serving).
Combine the butter and herbs and spoon the mixture on top before serving.
Lack of need may be a big reason in a small town like Lost Hills, where communication between neighbors without phones isn't necessarily a problem, Smith said, adding: ``The community is so compact that I think you can yell down the street instead of making a local call.'' But with only about 114 household phones available in all of Lost Hills, travelers would be well advised to have their cars checked out before they take that trip down I-5.
Eleven weeks before the election, George Pataki's primary public asset is that he's not Mario Cuomo.
He also said the association planned a statewide mailer before the November election reminding voters of its endorsement.
He also said the association planned a statewide mailer before the November election reminding voters of its endorsement.
The woman put her own dog on Prozac to treat excessive anxiety and ``inter-dog aggression,'' explaining that before using Prozac, her dog had ``a problem thinking through solutions to what is bothering her.'' Newsweek and SPY magazines and the new NBC news magazine ``TV Nation'' have also produced stories this summer about finding canine calm through the use of antidepressants.
The bill sent to the Senate was a House compromise, $3.3 billion leaner than the joint Senate-House conference $30.2 billion measure that the House refused to take up week before last.
must sell all 12 Macy's stores in the New York City metropolitan market before it can merge with R.H. Macy & Co., New York's attorney general said.
Children who develop it are likely to become deathly ill even before the bacteria attack soft tissue, and any child who suddenly gets sicker while recovering from chickenpox should be suspected of having streptococcal toxic shock.
	In a statement issued Monday, millionaire publisher Gerhard Frey, leader of the German People's Union, and Franz Schoenhuber, a veteran of the Nazi SS who heads the Republicans, urged their followers ``to put aside their differences and build a relationship that will prevent us from blocking our own electoral progress.'' 	The two leaders asserted that established parties are building ``a left-wing popular front'' which ``threatens the idea of Germany as a land for Germans.'' 	In Bonn Tuesday, Interior Minister Manfred Kanther announced that he had directed federal police ``to monitor the possibility of an alliance between the Republicans and the People's Union extremely closely.'' 	SHARA, Rwanda (NYT) -- It would be too glowing to say that life has returned to normal here -- after what Rwandans have been wrung through in recent months, that may take years -- but Hutus and Tutsis are resuming their peaceful life together, the life they led before politicians intent on power set them against each other.
One glaring bit of revisionism to which veterans objected asserted that ``For most Japanese, it was a war to defend their unique culture against Western imperialism.'' This ignores the fact that Japan invaded and colonized Korea and Taiwan many years before the war, and invaded China, the Philippines, Malaysia, Indochina and strategic Pacific islands during the conflict.
In testimony before Congress, Trump blasted as ``ridiculous'' the 1988 federal law that made it possible for tribes to build casinos and offer the kinds of gambling once available only at casinos in Nevada and in Atlantic City.
Indian leaders also were furious at Trump last year when he testified before Congress that ``organized crime is rampant on Indian reservations ...
All move before the Holocaust like fugitive Depression-era prairie farmers before the Dust Bowl, their lives shaped by a campaign of evil that grows beyond the control of any one human mastermind.
But not just anything, not just slap together something that's got `health' in the title.'' Foley gave his assessment to reporters before returning to his district in Washington state to campaign for re-election until the House returns after Labor Day.
And even if it works better than similar efforts did in California, it will be decades before the savings shows up on America's health care bill.
That argument will certainly play before the many in the media who have rallied 'round the cry of making that devil's pact to get ballpark lights glowing again.
Later, I drove home as I had before: alone, contented, listening to rock and roll on the car radio.
One case went for $24,000 at a charity auction three years before the wine was sold commercially.
Thursday night, deep into the dog days of summer -- and weeks before the fall TV season officially begins -- ABC finally finds a place for the show, premiering it at the unenviably early hour of 7 p.m. If it sounds like ABC isn't quite sure what to do with ``My So-Called Life,'' even network executives would agree.
``We had been offered `Love Letters' to do together in New York before it became so popular.
``I knew about Chuck before meeting him,'' Lydia recalled, ``because he had a reputation at school, mostly bad.
That is the approach being adopted in California, where the state's Supreme Court last week upheld the voter-approved Proposition 103, which requires the insurance commissioner's approval before companies can change prices.
``But if there was a company planning a public stock issue whose business was concentrated in California, I don't think that stock issue would sell.'' Even if the California commissioner adopts regulations allowing companies to set prices that result in a more generous return than the 10 percent target set in the late 1980s, investors worry that insurance company profits will be vulnerable to attacks by commissioners looking to raise their popularity before the next election.
The formulas for the target rates of return are expected to be published within a few months, or shortly before the end of the term in office of John Garamendi, the insurance commissioner.
In a suit filed Monday in District of Columbia Superior Court, lawyers for Chavis asserted that the board failed to give him sufficient notice before an emergency board meeting Saturday that it might consider his dismissal and failed to provide him enough time to prepare a defense or call witnesses on his behalf.
Even the post office was predicted to be killed off by new technology at least twice before: once by the telegraph and later by the telephone.
But before getting carried away with predictions that branch banks are doomed and their employees will become extinct, consider that branches could specialize in, say, safe deposit repositories or small-business lenders, he said.
The Agriculture Department on Monday said the percentage of the soybean crop rated good to excellent fell to 71 percent from 79 percent the week before.
In one of the more dramatic moments of the December trial, before Judge David Laro, the Simons demonstrated the sound qualities of several violin bows by playing several classical pieces, notably the Bach Double Violin Concerto.
``We heard it time after time after time, and we are a user-friendly company in terms of listening to what audiences say.'' Dinerstein acknowledged that knowing the client's identity up front wouldn't have the same impact on a viewer's enjoyment of ``The Advocate'' as knowing the secret of ``The Crying Game'' before seeing the film.
``I'm very pleased to do the work I do with Scottish Power,'' said Gallie, who was employed by the company for 28 years before being elected to Parliament in 1992.
He said the amount represents the difference between his salary up until 1992 as a power station manager for the company, before his election to Parliament, and his current $50,000 salary as an MP.
``As far as we know, this has never been done before.'' Among the wrinkles is how to treat foreign students who abuse their wives.
But the auto industry, with its powerful lobby and legal muscle, is just as likely to sue the government and to fight the program in state legislatures, some of which must agree to the standards before they can go into effect.
Ms. Burke and Ms. Sullivan said the law should also require that birth mothers be counseled before they make a decision.
The nightclub he opened just before his death -- called Robin's Nest -- was staffed by a group of first-time criminal offenders who were paroled to live and work at Jake's club and straighten out their lives.
The ads will run during programs the company has never sponsored before because they represent Intel's most ambitious effort yet to reach buyers of home computers as well as its more traditional audience of buyers of business computers.
Aside from his success, others have adopted this seemingly haphazard approach: the Beastie Boys recorded their latest release, ``Ill Communication,'' at a home studio with worn, vintage equipment, and on their most recent effort, ``Last Splash,'' the Breeders feature a lead guitarist who had barely played the instrument before the album was made.
We're seeing what it sounds like to have less, where before we'd be like `What does it sound like if I put on 20 guitar overdubs?' It sounds like mud -- really glossy mud.
Warnings are generally tacked up in lobbies the day before: Water Day is coming, stay off the street if you don't want to get wet.
To his 1824 Graf was attached a mysterious sound-boosting device and ``resonance plate.'' Friedrich Wieck, father of Clara Schumann, heard Beethoven play in 1826, a year before his death, and remarked on the loudness of the instrument but also on an ``orchestral'' form of playing, ``weaving in the clearest and most charming melodies.'' An accepted technique on modern pianos is clear, prominent right-hand melodies against softer, less aggressive accompaniments.
Its dramatic opening chord is marked ``fp,'' or ``loud-soft.'' Czerny said that Beethoven held this chord, allowing its sound to fade before the soft succeeding strokes were allowed to begin.
``I always wanted my leading lady to be Hispanic.'' Arau says he auditioned more than 300 actors and actresses before settling on a cast that includes the Spanish actress Aitana Sanchez-Gijon as Victoria; Freddie Rodriguez, a young Puerto Rican actor from Chicago, as her kid brother, and the Mexican actresses Angelica Aragon and Evangelina Elizondo as Victoria's mother and grandmother.
This will be a kind of Mexican family that Americans haven't seen before.
I left medical school and became a ballet dancer.'' Arau danced with the company for two years before he teamed up with the ballerina's brother, a fellow dancer named Sergio Corona, and formed a comedy duo known as Corona y Arau.
ADOBE AND ALDUS STAKE OUT DIGITAL PUBLISHING TURF  (BC-ADOBE-ALDUS-810-(2TAKES)-NYT) Anybody old enough to remember the days before the personal computer is also old enough to remember back to when Paul Brainerd, founder and chairman of Aldus Corp., coined the term ``desktop publishing'' and helped turn every marketing assistant, account manager and college student into a self-styled publisher.
Warnock and Brainerd worked through the winter on the merger's terms before announcing their plan in March.
In fact, the court said Karmen was far better off than he was before ASCAP increased the royalties percentage for jingle writers in 1991 to 3 percent from 1 percent.
He described himself as a lifelong Catholic, who spent two years in college in Texas, and then 14 years running a bookbinding business in Los Angeles, before entering seminary at 42.
``I think that's what I can't understand about these crusaders, because I've been one.'' He cited Deuteronomy 30:19, in which Moses tells the Israelites that they have before them the choice of life or death and says, ``Choose life.'' ``If a priest stands for anything,'' Sherlock said, ``he ought to stand for life.'' 
Though it will be a year before construction begins on the $33 million project, the design itself is already a kind of arrival.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 index jumped more than 4 points before settling at 464.51, up 2.19 points.
While government officials have refused to comment on it, people in all of Haiti's economic classes say it is only a matter of time -- perhaps a few weeks -- before the economy begins to collapse.
I'm awed and embarrassed.'' Lebow has chemotherapy treatment daily, and he went to the hospital for a two-hour session later in the afternoon before being saluted at a dinner.
She was at home with her two small children in 1988 when a member of a Sinhalese terrorist group opposed to any concessions to the Tamil rebels approached her husband, Vijaya Kumaratunga, one of Sri Lanka's most popular film stars before he became a politician, in the driveway of the couple's Colombo home.
Similar proposals have been floated before and foundered.
Yesterday was worse than the day before.
``It will be a while before we climb out of those low rankings,'' said Tom Lieser, UCLA economist.
Ravitch said he hoped the sessions would be conducted on a high level and not include the name-calling he declined to become involved in the day before.
The mainstream plan, far less sweeping than the bill now before the Senate, aims at $100 billion in deficit reduction and insuring 92 percent of Americans, up from the current 85 percent, by 2004.
There probably now has to be Senate action before the House will vote, and then there has to be time for a House-Senate conference to compromise differences.
The day before baseball's players and owners are expected to air their differences at a bargaining table in New York, a day that Gwynn believes will decide the season, the star outfielder for the San Diego Padres is at his home, 30 minutes from San Diego.
``Days before he died, my dad said, `Tony, you've always been consistent.
CALL FROM THE PULPITS TO AWAKEN BLACK INTEREST IN HEALTH LEGISLATION ATLANTA  (BC-HEALTH-BLACKS-715-(2TAKES)-NYT) With considerable ambivalence, several black groups are scrambling to generate support for changes in health care coverage at a time when the Clinton administration's effort is slowing and amid grumbling about the inadequacy of the plans before the Congress.
They argue that too many of the provisions now before the Congress seem shaped to satisfy Republicans, insurance companies and the health care industry, rather than meet the needs of a wide range of health consumers.
They are all ``too watered down,'' Ms. Bush said, but something has to pass the Senate to keep the discussion on reform from dying before the House, with its more favorable proposals, joins the debate.
``I knew nothing about horses, I had never even been to a race track before,'' said Robinson.
By Thursday, investor nervousness grew on news that the Philadelphia Reserve Bank's index of local economic activity -- another one of those volatile indicators that Greenspan keeps tabs on -- rose in August from the month before.
By Thursday, investor nervousness grew on news that the Philadelphia Reserve Bank's index of local economic activity -- another one of those volatile indicators that Greenspan keeps tabs on -- rose in August from the month before.
Acting on research that showed that 24 percent of snacking takes place before 11 a.m., Snackwell's is test-marketing three fat-free breakfast bars in Dallas; Jacksonville, Fla., and western New York State, and plans to sell them nationally next year.
Prosecutors also contended that they might jeopardize their case if they handed over evidence to defense lawyers before an initial analysis was completed.
The notoriously inefficient labor situation at the port, a legacy of the days when the longshoremen's union had to be guaranteed jobs before it would allow more mechanized operations, has also eased.
The pace steadily increases over the 12-to-15-month period before deployment as aircrews practice low-level flying, night operations and simulated carrier landings.
On Tuesday, Sun Bonds' attorney added to the fanfare when he charged that his client had been forced to sign a prenuptial agreement with her husband-to-be just hours before they jetted off to Las Vegas to get married.
Only 90 minutes before their flight was scheduled to depart, Barry allegedly picked her up and drove her to his attorney's office, where she was asked to sign the prenuptial agreement.
``It was a contract signed before two lawyers (both his) ...
On Tuesday, Sun Bonds' attorney added to the fanfare when he charged that his client had been forced to sign a prenuptial agreement with her husband-to-be just hours before they jetted off to Las Vegas to get married.
Only 90 minutes before their flight was scheduled to depart, Barry allegedly picked her up and drove her to his attorney's office, where she was asked to sign the prenuptial agreement.
``It was a contract signed before two lawyers (both his) ...
Transit Home workers say he said his mother gave him the only life vest available before she and her husband drowned.
White House officials say they continue to hope that President Clinton's decision to deny entry to Cubans will staunch the refugee flow before the available places are filled.
About 200 Cubans escaped before being captured.
It's not on the table.'' Indeed, one official said that the president might favor returning refugees directly to Cuba before he would accept them into the United States.
Holding his finger and thumb about an inch apart, he said that before Republicans threatened a procedural block, ``we were that close'' to final congressional approval of the $30 billion crime bill.
Ms. Abady spent six years at the helm of the Cleveland Play House, where she was known for her aggressiveness and ambition, before her abrupt and, according to press accounts at the time, surprise dismissal by the board.
In ideal situations, they are to identify themselves as police officers before they shoot.
-- August 23, 1994 -- CAMPUS-VIOLENCE-EDUC, 8-23 -- ``As far as we know, this has never been done before,'' said Joanne McPherson as Michigan State opened a campus shelter for the battered.
-- August 23, 1994 -- CAMPUS-VIOLENCE-EDUC, 8-23 -- ``As far as we know, this has never been done before,'' said Joanne McPherson as Michigan State opened a campus shelter for the battered.
-- August 23, 1994 -- CAMPUS-VIOLENCE-EDUC, 8-23 -- ``As far as we know, this has never been done before,'' said Joanne McPherson as Michigan State opened a campus shelter for the battered.
Vernon Mason, Dr. Kathpalia acknowledged that she had determined that Hogue was not dangerous just a few days before his escape, and was preparing for his release.
But before there can be any progress, Butler emphasized, ``they have to take the salary cap off the table.
Just before he was shot, Robinson, in undercover disguise, was chasing two youths with guns on the platform, police said.
Having to retire before the U.S. Open is not great for your confidence.'' MATCH POINTS -- RICHEY RENEBERG will play doubles with PETE SAMPRAS here as Sampras, the world's No. 1 player, readies himself for defense of his Open singles title.
Katydids and other choristers, having been around many millions of years before Homo sapiens evolved, know better.
``Things will happen and it'll be like no noise.'' There is nobody here making the point that minor-league baseball was here before the strike and will go back to obscurity when the strike is over.
``These kids love to play; they really do,'' said A's manager Tom Dunton, the pitching coach at Stanford for 22 years before turning pro.
It is approximately 90 minutes before game time, and Richardson is eating a pregame meal of vanilla ice cream and chocolate syrup, and a lot of both.
``As I said before, Ms. Orehek's plea will have no effect on the investigation concerning Bruce,'' Pollack said.
If the strike were settled by the middle of September, then, it would be eight to 10 days before players were in shape to play topflight baseball again -- which brings us to those final 10 games.
He spent three unsuccessful seasons at tailback before being converted to tight end entering training camp.
Like I said before, this offense is not designed for somebody who runs like I do.
Under questioning Tuesday by a defense lawyer, a rookie LAPD criminalist testified that blood evidence found at the defendant's estate was seized several hours before a search warrant was issued.
In court, however, the defense won concessions from Mazzola that she is a trainee who had collected evidence at just two crime scenes before the Simpson case.
She said she personally collected several red stains leading up Simpson's driveway about 7:15 a.m. -- more than three hours before a warrant was obtained.
While the defense lost a challenge of the warrantless search in Municipal Court, the issue can be raised once again before Judge Lance Ito, legal experts said.
The defense contends it should have access to remaining blood samples for its own testing before additional testing is done by the prosecution.
Among those to appear Tuesday before the grand jury were Simpson's personal physician, Dr. Robert Huizenga, and Simpson's assistant, Cathy Randa.
White House officials say they continue to hope that President Clinton's decision to deny entry to Cubans will staunch the refugee flow before the available places are filled.
About 200 Cubans escaped before being captured.
It's not on the table.'' Indeed, one official said that the president might favor returning refugees directly to Cuba before he would accept them into the United States.
The two sides agreed Tuesday to conduct two days of non-binding mediation beginning today in an effort to find common ground before a fact-finder is brought in to analyze the dispute and propose a solution.
Boulden said his union, which represents members of the school police force, also was unhappy that the contract offer was made to teachers before the other unions.
In an appearance before the touring Southwest Conference press corps Tuesday, West was in the same room with John Roach, the committee's head coach.
Both sides met with federal mediators Tuesday to discuss their positions before Wednesday's session, which is scheduled to begin at 10:30 a.m. EDT at the Hotel Intercontinental.
He did so in an ad-lib commentary that aired moments before kickoff.
He was offered the KDFW TV anchor position in November -- and was supported then by Jones, long before Switzer entered the Cowboys picture -- but was blocked from accepting the move by KCOC TV.
The officer is trained to take into consideration such factors as the possible risk to bystanders before deciding to shoot.
In Monday night's shooting, though, it is far from clear whether Robinson had time to produce a shield -- or for that matter whether any words were exchanged between him and off-duty New York City officer Peter Del Debbio before Del Debbio shot him at least four times.
``He's never worried.'' Cassel provided a spark his teammates desperately needed Tuesday, hitting a three-run home run in the third inning of Northridge's 6-4 victory over U.S. East champion Middleboro, Mass., before a sun-drenched crowd of 10,000 at the Little League World Series.
He compiled a list of all the possible relocation sites that had been discussed before he arrived, totaling about 20 cities, and gave the list to Lindstrom-Foster.
California officials agreed to supply McMunn with additional economic figures to use in his state-to-state comparison, but it would be months before anyone would follow up again.
Although the measure faces one more vote in the Assembly before going to Wilson, the Senate was considered the bill's toughest hurdle.
helps out a neighbor, he's carrying on a family tradition that began before the turn of the century.
The word also came to mean the smallest part of something, and the phrase ``to a tittle'' came to mean ``to perfection'' 100 years before it was shortened to ``to a T,'' which was first written down in 1693.
Drugs flowing from the Middle East to Europe, which once went through Serbia, reportedly have been diverted across Macedonia, creating a narcotics problem where none existed before.
Until Baker's rise to prominence in the late '80s, few black women dared to launch entertainment careers without first making sure they had enough hair to toss impressively before an audience.
I'm guessing we're still about 18 months of hard work away from being fully recovered.'' Two of the most painful blows for Homestead have been the shrinking of Homestead Air Force Base, which once employed 7,400 people and pumped $500 million a year into the local economy, and the departure of the Cleveland Indians from a baseball spring training complex completed just a few months before Andrew hit.
Homes in Naranja fetching $125,000 before the storm are topping out now at $106,000, for example.
I have a real good program that I had before I even went up to Boston.
Fiction: The way teams scattered, it may take days before the word on a settlement reaches everyone.
Plus, the players said last week that they prefer to have some regular season games before the playoffs.
Before him, in 1986, Wharton's Anthony Ray came in as the best back in the state only to endure four reconstructive knee injuries and a move to defensive end before leaving in obscurity.
They recall the days before Israel's independence in 1948 and the drainage project that soon followed, when malaria-carrying mosquitoes claimed a frightful toll and farmers were more susceptible to floods and drought.
A single approval awaits the plan before it takes effect: the signature of Stanley Albright, Western regional director of the National Park Service.
Currid, who also writes a column for Windows magazine, thinks Windows 4.0 might find a place on home computers and novices' first machines before it is accepted in the workplace.
``I was the last one who went in (for treatment) before lunch, and I used to tell everyone they could heat up their Lean Cuisines on me,'' she said.
Last week, she ran through the wine country in California and before that, she swam in the Pacific off Huntington Beach, where the Long Beach State graduate grew up.
In addition, before having a child, about one woman in 10 said she got drunk at least once a month, but none did afterward, he said.
``My parents' generation was much more liberal about drinking in front of children,'' said Sally Wolfish, 39, a Dallas lawyer, who said her parents used to have several cocktails every night before dinner.
``My older son has drug education at school, and the teachers talk to the children about alcohol being a drug.'' Claudia Angelos, 43, a law professor in Manhattan, said her parents, too, were ``1950s drinkers.'' ``They'd have two martinis before dinner and Scotch after,'' she said.
Her husband had died the year before, and Park Slope was ``getting quiche-ified and I couldn't stand it anymore,'' she said.
Educating yourself on current styles before shopping will pay off in the long run, as you will probably choose clothes on the upswing of their popularity.
But before beginning check building codes to see whether there are restrictions.
When venturing on to public or private lands obtain permission before removing anything.
You're in luck if you go before Oct.
Roger Pascall and his high-tech troops struggled to process a seemingly endless stream of refugees whose freedom voyages to Florida had been unexpectedly detoured to this sweltering, isolated base that the Americans call ``Gitmo.'' Each newcomer is interviewed, photographed and fingerprinted -- with resulting information fed into a computerized data bank -- before being assigned a home in an ever-expanding community of canvas tents.
Many left before President Clinton last week changed nearly three decades of policy and abruptly closed a long opened door to Cubans fleeing the communist regime of Fidel Castro.
	JOHANNESBURG (NYT) -- A wildcat trucking strike that turned many miles of Africa's most modern highway system into a fuming gridlock ended Wednesday night, but not before creating new fears of anarchy to bedevil President Nelson Mandela in his courtship of foreign investors.
You are in awe.'' Ballard has made a career of seeing things never seen before in the frigid, pitch-black abyss miles below the earth's surface, most notably the wreck of the Titanic.
He's been one of my favorite directors for years.'' Waters says he hadn't known what to expect but found Locarno full of ``films and directors that are completely new to me, and that's the mark of a good festival.'' He had never sat on a festival jury before.
	Indeed, there were plenty of assertions of new-found harmony from local school officials, before and after the shortened first day.
Clinton told reporters last week that she and her daughter, Chelsea, would not leave before Clinton himself could do so.
Not until the crews begin working a few days before the show or on the day of it are they able to determine exactly how many seats will be released.
Price was a Phi Beta Kappa history graduate of the College of William and Mary in Williamsburg, Va. She worked briefly in advertising before making her career in real estate.
Last week, before the administration decided to send refugees to Guantanamo, it had been considering housing some refugees in South Florida at Homestead Air Force Base or other military facilities in Dade County.
Still, it may be a while before the characters whom Angela introduces us to become tiresome.
``I think it demonstrates that what they said was impossible before is clearly achievable,'' said Margaret Fung, executive director of the Asian American Legal Defense and Education Fund.
The officer, Joseph Conigliaro, working in the 110th Precinct, was responding shortly before 12:30 a.m. to a report of a dispute between a man and a woman in the street at 108th Street and 45th Avenue in Corona.
He is, however, grateful that ABC understands his show requires special care and handling, and that the network saw fit to trot the show out before any other new shows have premiered.
Do we remember which phone call came before the other phone call?
Do we remember which section of the newspaper we read first on the months-before date in question?
``Politicians will have to try everything first'' before they raise the T-word, suggests Petri.
JIMMY ARIAS LOSES QUALIFIER, CALLS IT QUITS NEW YORK  (BC-TEN-OPEN-NYT) Eleven years ago, Jimmy Arias made it all the way to the U.S. Open semifinals, where he lost to Ivan Lendl before a full house on the Stadium Court at the National Tennis Center.
Wednesday, on Court 18 before 100 of the curious and nostalgic, Arias succumbed in the first round of Open qualifying.
The WTC hopes to announce any rule changes before the close of the Open; all changes are effective beginning in January 1995.
The judge also said the court would have to wait for the resolution of the lawsuit seeking damages from Chavis' firing before any further decision on reinstatement could be made.
An apartment that was safe before becomes unsafe.'' Beyond the inner cities, the threat of lead is all but history.
He fled the war in Beirut and spent two years in Congo before emigrating to Montreal.
``Full employment and the equality of chances.'' But comments of Cicchino and Taher, together with heckling that Parizeau encountered as he sauntered through the market area before his address, show the uneasy relationship between the separatist party and Quebec's minorities.
The small terrorists were recaptured before any blood was spilled.
Kevin Watler has heard this kind of talk before.
Listen to Duke coach Fred Goldsmith, who spent the past five seasons at Rice and the six before that as an assistant at Arkansas.
Zampese, 58, served as offensive coordinator for the San Diego Chargers from 1983-86 before moving on to the Rams.
American Capital and Smith Barney had long been associated in Primerica, before it was acquired by Travelers, Lane said.
Even with the 79 lines that were available before Hurricane Andrew, the chances of getting a call put through to Cuba had been dicey.
That kind of talk does not create a comfort zone for Bowden, who coached three years at Salem (West Virginia) College and six years at Samford (Birmingham) -- turning both programs around -- before landing the Auburn job last year.
Surrounding Bowden as he speaks are his assistant coaches, who remain sequestered throughout the day for a week in the ``hideaway'' before players arrive.
Asked if the government had acted before all the facts were in, Foreign Minister Guido di Tella said in an interview that he believed that Galeano had acted responsibly in issuing the warrant for the arrest of the Iranians based on the information that was available at the time.
But at least in some areas, Hutu and Tutsi are resuming a peaceful life together, the life they led before politicians intent on power set them against each other.
 (BC-RWANDA-SCENE-2NDTAKE-NYT) Three days before the killing started in Shara, the factory was closed on orders from the government, Theobald Rutihunza, the chief of personnel, said.
There were 324 members of the cooperative before the April carnage, Barengayabo said.
``They will not be processed for admission into the United States.'' She said the only thing refugees have to look forward to at Guantanamo is help in repatriating to Cuba or ``counseling'' before being sent to safe havens in other countries.
Little by little, you create a climate of civility that people respect, and you make sure that standard never gets lowered.'' In the early 1980s, after the civil unrest but before the crack epidemic that ravaged much of Bushwick, Kerzner and other residents dreamed of creating another Park Slope or Brooklyn Heights.
Moments before the lecture, Jax had committed the Cardinal sin of botching a defensive call.
Those tempted to make hasty judgments might remember this: The Oilers went 1-4 last season before Ryan's system took hold and they rolled off an 11-game winning streak.
That has been kind of a letdown -- no real excitement as far as that goes.'' Even before his first blitz, brawl or bounty, Ryan generated all kinds of excitement in Arizona.
The Cardinals' last playoff victory came in 1947 -- four years before Ryan lied about his age to join the national guard, which led to a stint as a master sergeant in the Korean War.
``It's wise to wait several months before you conclude any shift in trend has occurred,'' said John Williams, a senior economist at Bankers Trust Co. He and other economists said that while there was much evidence that the rise in long-term interest rates that began last fall had taken a toll on some sectors, particularly housing, there was little to suggest there had been much effect so far from the five increases in short-term rates that the Federal Reserve has made since February.
Robert Barr, its deputy chief economist, said the broad-based decline in durables orders was symptomatic ``of an economy slowing in the face of higher interest rates, lower personal income growth and a build-up in inventories -- forces that were with us before the Fed moved to raise short-term rates another half-percentage point last week.'' Although the National Association of Manufacturers also expressed concern that Wednesday's report ``could be signalling a sharper slowdown,'' most analysts remained skeptical.
He'd simply call Singletary ``the short, fat guy.'' Once, before Singletary had established himself as an NFL force, he asked to get into an exhibition game.
``I had to hit him before he gets rid of me,'' Waters said.
WILDCAT TRUCKERS STRIKE CLOSES SOUTH AFRICAN HIGHWAY JOHANNESBURG, South Africa  (BC-SAFRICA-STRIKE-372&ADD-NYT) A wildcat trucking strike that turned many miles of Africa's most modern highway system into a fuming gridlock ended Wednesday night, but not before creating new fears of anarchy to bedevil President Nelson Mandela in his courtship of foreign investors.
Epidemiologists are closely monitoring five people with whom the researcher reported having had close personal contact with before he was admitted to Yale-New Haven Hospital on Saturday and an additional 75 people who have either cared for him or handled laboratory specimens in the hospital, Cartter said.
Of the those five people, three are members of a family in Boston with whom he spent a few days before he became ill.
But Osti decries today's wait people, many of whom, he said, don't even know that all members of a dining party are supposed to be finished before plates are swept up.
Eventually, he transferred his expertise to Brussels, then to Canada's private National Club in Toronto for eight years before arriving in Los Angeles in 1960 to become maitre d' of La Rue on the Sunset Strip.
When he returned, he went to another table, ``sat down and chatted for around 20 minutes before he realized he was at the wrong table.'' He said times have changed.
Jim Courier, who was No.1 in the rankings before Sampras took over the top spot at last year's Open, frustrated after a disappointing opening-round loss in Indianapolis last week, said he was going to take an indefinite leave of absence from the game (he said on Tuesday he will play the Open).
In 1992, Sampras won Wimbledon with a case of shoulder tendinitis so bad he could not lift his arm over his head the week before the tournament.
``I didn't play any matches before Wimbledon and didn't really practice too much the week before and still came through and won it.
Even before the embargo, there were just two newspapers of any note in the capital, each publishing only three times a week, and a mere five televisions for every 1,000 Haitians.
Justin Urcis, a fan from Los Angeles who was using the hotel as a staging area before enrolling at Yale -- an enterprise requiring the assistance of an entourage that included his mother, Michelle; her cousin, Mindy Frohlich; Frohlich's son, Evan, and Justin's friend, Amanda Fenster -- spent the afternoon spotting celebrities.
Yet he said the banking industry has no way to challenge the Justice Department because all the banks it has accused of discrimination have reached settlements before trial.
In a speech in Washington in May, Joseph Cardinal Bernardin of Chicago declared passionately that ``justice and the common good'' demanded a thorough restructuring of health care, but he added that ``insistence on abortion coverage will turn millions of advocates of reform into adversaries of health care legislation.'' Most of the proposals before Congress now include a requirement that Americans be offered a standard package of benefits including ``pregnancy-related services,'' a phrase widely taken to include abortion.
``The federal government should also insure adequate funding for this basic level of care through a national health insurance program.'' But the Democratic bills now before Congress that would move the nation much closer to that goal have each included abortion coverage.
McNall, who is president of the Kings but sold his controlling interest in the team in May, before being forced into bankruptcy, is being investigated by the U.S. attorney's office here for purportedly falsifying loan documents to borrow more than $200 million from banks, including Bank of America, according to people familiar with the agreement.
But investigators said McNall was unlikely to be arraigned before mid-September.
The company bought various apparel, retail and furniture companies over the years before shrinking to its four current product lines in the 1980s.
The hippest of the three explains his world view: ``It's a battle of the sexes and believe me, we are way behind.'' Children are likely to note, however, that no matter what happens before, the movies' endings are politically correct, pulled like a rabbit from a hat.
``Baywatch,'' on NBC for a season before it was canceled by the network and moved to syndication, now claims an audience of one billion worldwide.
Last year before it was clear that the show would emerge as No. 1, a 30-second commercial spot could be bought for under $300,000.
It is expected to take days before the votes for president and nearly 600 federal legislative seats can be verified and tabulated at 300 election districts around the country.
The base, in what was West Germany before reunification in 1990, was raw meat to supply and demand.
The players as much as said so less than 48 hours before, when the union delivered to the owners a financial analysis of the game.
To better cause that to happen, the union made sure that the owners had the Noll report in hand before coming to the table Wednesday, obviously hoping there is still a possibility that seeds of doubt can be planted.
Indeed, there were plenty of assertions of new-found harmony from local school officials, before and after the shortened first day.
Some white residents, offering no evidence, talk about the visit of Mmoja Ajabu, a Black Panther Militia leader from Indiana, to Wedowee shortly before the fire.
The session, he added, would have been more advantageous shortly after the time the clubs reopened the collective bargaining agreement, in December 1992, ``certainly well before they made their proposal,'' on June 14.
The players requested a caucus before they took their turn, the two sides had lunch and the session resumed at about 2 p.m. ET.
A TOUGH GUY TURNED NICE, NORTH ENJOYS VIRGINIA SENATE RACE RICHMOND, Va.  (BC-NORTH-CAMPAIGN-ART-675(2TAKES)-NYT) As a call-in host in Richmond egged him on Wednesday morning before a live radio audience, the candidate for the U.S. Senate swigged a cup of water, then squirted it between the gap in his front teeth high into the air, hitting a target nearly 10 feet away.
Federico Estevez, a political scientist at the Autonomous Technological Institute of Mexico who is generally pro-PRI, said Zedillo can be ``too self-reliant, too self-confident.'' He has a tendency not to gather consensus before making decisions, Estevez said.
The Cuban population at Guantanamo, estimated at 2,000 before Wednesday, was certain to grow drastically, with 7,000 Cubans on their way there in Coast Guard boats Wednesday morning and another 2,390 fetched from the sea waters by 6 p.m. In the absence of broad negotiations, said Cuban Foreign Minister Roberto Robaina at a news conference in Santiago, Chile, Castro is prepared to continue with his current policy of turning a blind eye to the hundreds of rafts and boats that are now leaving Cuba daily.
The Cuban population at Guantanamo, estimated at 2,000 before Wednesday, was certain to grow drastically, with 7,000 Cubans on their way there in Coast Guard boats Wednesday morning and another 2,390 fetched from the sea waters by 6 p.m. In the absence of broad negotiations, said Cuban Foreign Minister Roberto Robaina at a news conference in Santiago, Chile, Castro is prepared to continue with his current policy of turning a blind eye to the hundreds of rafts and boats that are now leaving Cuba daily.
She said some lawmakers were waiting for cost estimates from the Congressional Budget Office before they decided how to vote.
During the last several weeks, there had been talk at Disney and in Hollywood that Eisner was reluctant to promote his old friend, Katzenberg, despite their long association at Disney and, before that, at Paramount's movie-making operations.
 (BC-NY-COPS-SHOT-2NDTAKE-NYT) Prosecutors in the Manhattan district attorney's office said it would be several weeks before they decide whether to ask a grand jury to consider criminal charges against Del Debbio.
Several pieces of evidence would be crucial to that decision, they said, including when he began firing his weapon, what he saw in the moments before firing, the trajectory of the bullets and the timing of events.
Castello said Davis had confessed to having the shotgun on a videotape, though he claimed he had found the gun only a hour before the incident.
Police have evidence that Davis obtained the shotgun long before that, however, Castello said.
Still, misspelled ads are startling because of a widespread belief that sponsored communications are subjected to intensive scrutiny and arduous approval processes before they can run.
But before Giuliani took office, the regulations were seldom enforced.
One of those who opposed the measure when it went before the full Council, Sal F.
In a speech in Washington in May, Cardinal Joseph Bernardin of Chicago declared passionately that ``justice and the common good'' demanded a thorough restructuring of health care, but he added that ``insistence on abortion coverage will turn millions of advocates of reform into adversaries of health care legislation.'' Most of the proposals before Congress now include a requirement that Americans be offered a standard package of benefits including ``pregnancy-related services,'' a phrase widely taken to include abortion.
``The federal government should also insure adequate funding for this basic level of care through a national health insurance program.'' But the Democratic bills now before Congress that would move the nation much closer to that goal have each included abortion coverage.
But before beginning, check building codes to see whether there are restrictions.
Dr. Ballard has made a career of seeing things never seen before in the frigid, pitch-black abyss miles below the earth's surface, most notably the wreck of the Titanic.
But before beginning, check building codes to see whether there are restrictions.
Dr. Ballard has made a career of seeing things never seen before in the frigid, pitch-black abyss miles below the earth's surface, most notably the wreck of the Titanic.
But before beginning, check building codes to see whether there are restrictions.
Dr. Ballard has made a career of seeing things never seen before in the frigid, pitch-black abyss miles below the earth's surface, most notably the wreck of the Titanic.
But he turns 31 in October and he's so sick of battling his left heel, this could be the end of his career, unless his latest surgery enables him to come back playing baseball the way he did before the trouble of the last two seasons.
``There can be four to seven things that have to go through his mind before the ball is snapped, and maybe as the ball is being snapped,'' said linebacker coach John Marshall.
To know before the snap, if this guy moves, what am I going to do then?
Woodall said he hopes he settles down a bit more in the position before the season opens.
The owners' group spoke for 2 1/2 hours before the players gave their views for two hours.
I don't know exactly what that is, but you have to allow enough time to get the teams back together and ready to play before the playoffs.'' But time is short -- and the gap between the owners' position and the players' position remains wide.
Curry, 42, served two terms in the state Senate before losing a bid for a seat in Congress and then served as the director of Freeze Voter, the political arm of Nuclear Weapons Freeze.
``I've already been up there making the difficult decisions,'' he said, adding later, ``I think it's important for the people to understand my record, and I put that record before every citizen of this state.'' 
He knows where opponents' plays will go before they start.
His parents separated just before Willard's teenage years.
``There can be four to seven things that have to go through his mind before the ball is snapped, and maybe as the ball is being snapped,'' said linebacker coach John Marshall.
To know before the snap, if this guy moves, what am I going to do then?
Woodall said he hopes he settles down a bit more in the position before the season opens.
Just three days before, he had been forced into bankruptcy in an unsuccessful bid by three other lenders -- Credit Lyonnais Bank Nederland, European American Bank and IBJ Schroder Bank & Trust -- to block the sale.
He thought a while, then talked about the time Grieve reached third base and told Dunton, who coaches over there, that the pitcher had thrown him a forkball, and that he'd never seen one before.
``There can be four to seven things that have to go through his mind before the ball is snapped, and maybe as the ball is being snapped,'' said linebacker coach John Marshall.
To know before the snap, if this guy moves, what am I going to do then?
Woodall said he hopes he settles down a bit more in the position before the season opens.
It is expected to take days before the votes for president and nearly 600 federal legislative seats can be verified and tabulated at 300 election districts around the country.
The hearing, before a Los Angeles city hearing examiner, will be at 9 a.m. Monday at the Sherman Oaks Women's Club, 4808 Kester Ave., Sherman Oaks.
Every time he suits up before taking the field, the Raiders quarterback painstakingly inspects his jockstrap.
The program was pulled an hour before its scheduled 6:30 p.m. air time, ostensibly because of the media blackout declared by Mrvichin.
``I think it demonstrates that what they said was impossible before is clearly achievable,'' said Margaret Fung, executive director of the Asian American Legal Defense and Education Fund.
Garcetti said Wednesday that prosecutors were bringing witnesses before the Los Angeles County grand jury as part of their investigation of Cowlings' actions -- not to decide whether charges should be brought.
to assist us in making a decision as to whether there's evidence warranting criminal charges.'' Cowlings drove the white Ford Bronco that carried Simpson on a bizarre odyssey along Southern California freeways before his arrest June 17.
On Wednesday, witnesses before the 23-member panel included Dr. Henry Lee, a criminalist on the Simpson defense team, and Denice Sharkarian-Halicki, girlfriend of Robert Kardashian.
McNall, who is president of the Kings but sold his controlling interest in the team in May, before being forced into bankruptcy, is being investigated by the U.S. attorney's office here for purportedly falsifying loan documents to borrow more than $200 million from banks, including Bank of America, according to people familiar with the agreement.
But investigators said McNall was unlikely to be arraigned before mid-September.
He said he'll rest a few more days before trying it again.
I'm really praying.'' Add fullbacks: Mike Riley, USC's offensive coordinator, said the coaching staff has yet to decide on the starting fullback, though only nine days remain before the season starts.
The Northridge right-hander struck out 13 and threw a one-hitter to help the earthquake kids from the San Fernando Valley earn a spot in today's U.S. championship game of the Little League World Series with a 2-0 win over Springfield before 17,500 at Howard J.
Superstition: The award for most superstitious player goes to catcher Patrick Malatino of Springfield, Va. He brought some clay from his home field to sprinkle around home plate before each game.
``It's got to be addressed, and as I've said before, we welcome any ideas about how the industry's problems can be addressed.
And this time, he nearly fell to his chest coming out of the gate and fell back to sixth before rallying to finish fourth behind Supremo.
Weird times: The Del Mar timer malfunctioned at the start of two 5{-furlong races Wednesday, but there was a natural explanation: Unmowed blades of grass, blown by the breeze, tripped the electronic beam at the 5{-furlong pole before the races began, according to timer Bruno De Julio.
Besides, Hansen and Sham were here long before Switzer was.
Because of the incident, the fourth-race riders, expected in the saddling paddock 13 minutes before post time, didn't show up until the eight-minute mark.
As Mark Stepnoski recovered from knee surgery, Kennard was used at center during training camp before settling in at right guard.
They eventually won national championships amid controversy -- in Switzer's case, a forced resignation after a bizarre series of what he calls Sooners' ``rapin', shootin' and dopin' '' -- before achieving career pinnacles upon joining the Cowboys.
In his five Dallas seasons before his March 29 resignation, Johnson basked in his image as a ``master motivator,'' a ``genius,'' a ``control freak'' and a ``winner.'' Switzer on motivation: ``Motivation?
``Over the years, in talking to all the players and coaches who moved from Oklahoma to the pros, everyone came back to me and said, `Pros work harder than college kids ever did.' I always heard it before, and now I've seen it first-hand.
What if one of the four offensive coordinator candidates Jimmy Johnson considered in 1991 had accepted the job before Turner was finally interviewed?
What if Wannstedt had taken the University of Pittsburgh job one year before he got the Bears job?
Why did the Colts think what failed to bring them a championship before would bring them a championship this time?
FRESH HOTSHOTS Bill Belichick, Browns: He was Bill Parcells' defensive coordinator with the Giants before moving to the Browns, where his surly personality has failed to win him many friends.
Green had never been a NFL head coach before Minnesota, but ironically, he's already had much greater success at the pro level than he did in college.
By quitting the Giants and cooling his heels in the broadcast booth before peddling his services to the highest bidder, Parcells was a pioneer in what is now a classic route to fame and fortune.
Rich Kotite, Eagles: He was an obscure assistant coach before taking over for Buddy Ryan in 1991.
Every time he suits up before taking the field, the Raiders quarterback painstakingly inspects his jockstrap.
Jamison, whom the Chiefs signed just before training camp, has started the other three times.
Johnson, who coached the Dallas Cowboys to the last two Super Bowl championships before walking away in a dispute with owner Jerry Jones, may be television's most ubiquitous NFL analyst this season.
FINAL PLAN FOR SAN FRANCISCO'S PRESIDIO CALLED `BOLD VISION' SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-PRESIDIO-PARK-400&ADD-SFCHRON) The National Park Service released its final blueprint for the transformation of most of the Presidio of San Francisco into a national park Wednesday -- only 37 days before the service takes over from the Army.
The Park Service's original draft plan for the Presidio was months late, the final plan is weeks late, and, according to government rules, cannot go into effect for 30 days -- just a week before October 1, the date the Park Service is scheduled to take responsibility for the Presidio.
The Cuban population at Guantanamo, estimated at 2,000 before Wednesday, was certain to grow drastically, with 7,000 Cubans on their way there in Coast Guard boats Wednesday morning and another 2,791 fetched from the sea by 10 p.m. Presaging Castro's remarks Wednesday evening, the Cuban foreign minister, Roberto Robaina, said at a news conference in Santiago, Chile, Wednesday that in the absence of broad negotiations, the Cuban leader is prepared to continue with his current policy of turning a blind eye to the hundreds of rafts and boats that are now leaving Cuba daily.
But farmer Tim Coe, escorting his two daughters to class, said, ``We had a good school long before Mr. Humphries arrived, and we'll have it long after he's gone.'' Victoria Smith, escorting her two nieces, said she's ``still worried about the safety of black children.
Roosevelt first came to Warm Springs in 1924, before he was elected president.
It will be months before investigators conclude whether there has been any legal wrongdoing, but Insurance Department officials say they've seen enough.
Other firms bought in and got out before Shippan finally was sold to Bacardi Capital Investments in 1985 for what ITT Hartford's Gurney called ``a substantial profit.'' Kevin McCarty, chief of industry coordination for the Department of Insurance, said the Shippan deal may have created several continuing problems for consumers: -- Too little for the money: People who buy their hurricane insurance from the pool are paying almost double what they would pay through the other state pools or on the open market, McCarty said.
-- Company's risk is too low: Typically, Shippan has increased the premium by the amount of a claim from the year before, McCarty said.
He came close before but turned down a head coaching position with the CFL's British Columbia Lions and talked to Arkansas after the 1992 season.
Anyway, for Georgia Tech's football team this season, the seniors will do everything shy of help coach Bill Lewis and his assistants blow whistles during practices, kiss their wives good-bye before road trips and match the Xs with the Os. Or something like that.
Seniors will be allowed to take disciplinary actions against their teammates before the coaching staff gets its licks.
Plus, even though Tech's coaches will be allowed to give their usual pep talk before games, they will be asked to leave afterward, so seniors can deliver their words of inspiration to teammates.
Then again, such is life for a coach with two 5-6 seasons after his predecessor finished 11-0-1 as a co-national champion two seasons before he arrived.
Such was the case for Lewis, successor before the '92 season to Bobby Ross, the people's choice.
Ross followed Bill Curry, Mr. Popular around Tech, but only near the end when Curry won as often as the guy before him.
Church's misery started before spring practice in 1993 when a sister called from home to tell him his mother had cancer and had six months to live.
Then, just hours before the season's third game against Tennessee, he was told his mother was dead.
Under due process, athletes also must given a two-month notice before any hearing of charges.
There's no immediate protection for these players.'' Neither Berst nor Morgan would speculate on the ramifications of FSU's playing the athletes before a resolution.
When Beaton published a slightly cleansed version of his diary of their affair in 1971 -- stimulated partly, he claimed, by the intolerable way she had treated de Acosta in her impoverished later years -- all communication ceased, except for a brief, typically chilly visit shortly before Beaton died.
He had just finished returning his books -- he was dropping out before the end of his junior year -- and was ready to leave the school when the head coach stopped to chat.
Arnold had tried before to convince Jenkins to stay in school.
He got to the scene before the paramedics.
But Neiman lapsed into unconsciousness and never woke up before he died the next afternoon.
GIVING BIRTH TO A BLEAK LEGACY HOUSTON  (BC-JUVENILE-CRIME-FAMILIES-2TAKES-$ADV28-HNS) Gracie O'Connor tried desperately to break away from her family legacy: a whirlpool of abuse that had sucked in her mother and grandmother before her.
``There used to be a tradition of sort of watching children grow in your family or neighborhood before you tried it on your own,'' said Dr. Mireille Kanda, a pediatrician and co-chairwoman of the Child Fatality Review Committee in Washington, D.C. ``Now, there are boys who don't know what it is to be a man short of siring children.
Of girls who had sex before they were 15, 60 percent reported having involuntary sex, a number that climbs to 74 percent for sexually active girls under 14, the Alan Guttmacher Institute in New York reports.
Never before have there been so many guns, and never before have there been so many juveniles killing with guns -- and dying by them.
I hit rock bottom.'' So did tens of thousands of other less-educated people who needed only a strong back and determination to make a good life for themselves before the great jobs bust of the 1980s.
Small signs hint at how far Wuensdorf -- a closed city before Germany's reunification on Oct.
Nearly every other shop in town lost business after reunification drove up prices and drove out many of the poorly paid Russians before the army's official departure date.
Zedillo said he would enjoy meeting with President Clinton, continuing a recent tradition in which Mexican presidents-elect have met with their U.S. counterparts before taking office.
 (BC-ZEDILLO-INTERVIEW-2TAKES-HNS) But because the Chamber of Deputies will not certify the presidential election until November, there may not be time for such a meeting before he takes office on Dec.
Those who arrived on U.S. shores before Clinton's Aug.
Yet the Toadies have been angry, frustrated and furious for a long time, way before the media started crowning madmen.
Never before has a major studio release launched such a relentless barrage of mismatched film stocks and dueling camera speeds, fast zooms, multiple exposures, process shots, morphing, fades, degraded images, listing camera angles, projections, video, freak lighting and -- well, any other visual motif that can be conceived of and realized.
We said goodbye and I walked to the parking lot and out of those black patent leather heels, wondering if it would be another 10 years before I saw those faces again.
Many withdrew their contributions and predicted that the firing would boost enrollment at Truett -- already in the works before Dilday's dismissal.
As the haunted wagon master Harlow, Candy's game showing makes the viewer even hungrier for the coming release of the film he completed before this one, Michael Moore's promising ``Canadian Bacon.'' As Candy reins his horse northward for his native Canada at the end of ``Wagons East!'' his penultimate line, ``I hear it's warm there all year round,'' is easily the funniest in the picture.
Oliver is not somebody who is very comfortable with a calm, controlled set.'' ``Well, reports of it turning into a real riot are a little exaggerated,'' Stone noted, before confirming that he dug shooting at Stateville to death.
But it's much more for adults than kids.'' The film's PG-13 rating, she said, was for ``bizarre gender-related humor.'' ``That's a new category that no movie's ever been in before,'' Sweeney said proudly.
Even before it culminates in an actual riot, this section of the film becomes hysterical, to the point where it even features the rare out-of-control performance from Jones.
``That's Just before those credits roll, Stone shoots himself in the foot with a quick montage of tabloid television's latest, greatest hits: the Bobbitt and Menendez trials, Tonya Harding, O.J. Simpson.
Even if you think it's hilarious the first time you see it, how many times can you watch a character take a blow to his testicles before it becomes the movie equivalent of the Chinese water torture?
The battle between Pearl Jam and Ticketmaster has prompted a new bill before the House of Representatives.
18 before a panel of celebrities and entertainment brass.
Within a three-hour drive from Manhattan are Olana, Church's Moorish retreat with a stunning view of the Catskills; the Federal-style house across the Hudson where his mentor, Thomas Cole, lived, and Locust Grove, the beautifully tended ``ornamental farm'' where the protean Samuel F.B. Morse (who made his living as a portraitist before he patented the telegraph) practiced the art of landscape design.
Even before his father, a trader, moved the family from Lancashire, England, to Philadelphia when Thomas was 18, he devoured books about the beauties of North America; after he taught himself to paint, his first success came with scenes of the wilderness in upstate New York, which caught the eye of patrons including the grocery mogul Luman Reed.
There is every variety of surface, hill, plain, dale, glens, running streams and fine forest and the Hudson with its varieties of river crafts constantly flowing in a varied scene.'' The Massachusetts-born son of a noted Calvinist preacher and geographer, Morse had an eclectic career before he reached Poughkeepsie: although landscape painting was his passion, he scratched out a living when he left Yale by turning out perceptive portraits of lions, including William Cullen Bryant.
``We had been offered ``Love Letters'' to do together in New York before it became so popular.
``I knew about Chuck before meeting him,'' Lydia recalled, ``because had a reputation at school, mostly bad.
It's not long before the law is in hot pursuit of Charley.
It's not long before she's back with Charley, sitting in one drafty room or another, waiting for him to return for a day or two from his life on the road.
Shortly before okra finishes its bath, combine vinegar, water, salt, Tabasco and Worcestershire sauce in medium saucepan and bring to a boil.
Let pickles stand for at least a week before serving.
GERMAN OPPOSITION CALLS PLUTONIUM SEIZURES AN ELECTION STUNT BERLIN  (BC-GERMANY-NUKE-525&ADD-NYT) With public fears over the smuggling of atomic material rising in Germany, opposition leaders Thursday accused Chancellor Helmut Kohl of staging several highly publicized seizures of plutonium and uranium to improve his image before the national election in October.
``This smacks of a stunt.'' Another Social Democratic leader, Karsten Voigt, said at a meeting of Parliament's Foreign Affairs Committee that Kohl's ``hectic activity'' to combat smuggling of nuclear material was calculated to come during ``a period before the federal election when media attention is especially intense.'' The chancellor's coordinator of secret services, Bernd Schmidbauer, rejected the charges as ``absurd and bizarre.'' Thursday's exchange made clear that both major parties are seeking to turn the public concern over atomic smuggling to their political benefit.
Heck, even that Texas basic, the ribeye, gets all gussied up by taking a bath in bock beer before it's grilled and sent out atop a pool of Madagascar green peppercorn sauce.
	BERLIN (NYT) -- With public fears over the smuggling of atomic material rising in Germany, opposition leaders Thursday accused Chancellor Helmut Kohl of staging several highly publicized seizures of plutonium and uranium in order to improve his image before national election in October.
``This smacks of a stunt.'' 	Another Social Democratic leader, Karsten Voigt, told a meeting of Parliament's Foreign Affairs Committee that Kohl's ``hectic activity'' to combat smuggling of nuclear material was calculated to come during ``a period before the federal election when media attention is especially intense.'' 	The chancellor's coordinator of secret services, Bernd Schmidbauer, rejected the charges as ``absurd and bizarre.'' 	MEXICO CITY (NYT) -- Losing elections is something the National Action Party has always done well.
	``There is a future in Mexico,'' he said in a news conference several hours after the polls closed on Sunday, but hours before even the first preliminary official results had been made public.
Do you eat while watching television or just before you go to sleep?
It takes many forms, from doubts about his steadfastness under political pressure and jokes about his sometimes klutzy way of handling things to distaste for his reputed womanizing before he reached the White House.
Offered insurance at work, she turned it down this year rather than pay $1,000 (40 percent of a $2,500 premium) for a policy with a $700 deductible before qualifying for benefits.
Christopher Dodd, D-Conn., acknowledged that the calendar will work against efforts to pass sweeping legislation when Senators return seven weeks before Election Day.
We stand back and assess the situation and observe before we open up.'' But to Arlene Mackovic, it's even more simple than that: ``I think he really is just shy.'' There are stories to tell.
Olds, of course, is one of America's oldest car nameplates, established in 1897 and flourishing long before it came into the GM fold in 1908.
``We're learning a lot, and we worked to have many of their practices in place throughout Oldsmobile before the first Aurora left the showroom.'' Buyers are generally expected to be baby boomers coming into their own: well-educated, married professionals in their 40s who can afford the $31,370 base price.
Mackovic was, his sister said, choosing the word slowly, ``fastidious.'' He was in elementary school when he began ironing his own clothes before school.
Prices also were down from the month before and July 1993.
``They were recaptured within a couple of days by state troopers and local authorities, but Clinton was enraged because the federal authorities at Chaffee had done nothing to keep the Cubans on the base or recapture them.'' He asked President Carter to order the Army to tighten up security around the fort, but on June 1, some 300 Cubans rioted and burst through the front gate before being rounded up.
As the sealift continued, the Carter administration announced plans to screen the refugees before they left Cuba.
She spent six years as the artistic director of the Cleveland Play House before her surprise dismissal in January by a board that was apparently dissatisfied with her nontraditional, occasionally risky programming.
Conventional career-management wisdom would have it that he ought to do a few more movies to establish his drawing power and crank his price up before trying anything as risky as a Broadway play, where critics will be gunning for him and the money isn't anywhere near as good.
You're always going to have times when the offense isn't moving the ball and the defense seems to know what's going on before you do.
And he is not afraid to admit God and family come before football.
``Cody's a good quarterback and we think he can be a winner,'' says receiver Ernest Givins, who came to the Oilers a year before Carlson.
On Thursday night, before a fireworks display along the Seine and a huge ``popular'' celebration in the Place de la Concorde, it was the moment to honor Resistance fighters and civilians who died in the uprising as well as Leclerc's Free French forces who, at de Gaulle's insistence, were ordered by the Allied command to take Paris.
Hitler had ordered him to raze Paris but, weeks earlier, he had met the Fuehrer and, he later wrote: ``I realized that I had a madman before me.'' By then, of course, de Gaulle had already written the official history of the city's ``unshakable will to fight and conquer,'' of the way ``it was liberated by its own effort united with the avant-garde of the French army.'' But it was perhaps Albert Camus who best explained the significance of events here 50 years ago.
It received two and a half stars out of 4.) Director Oliver Stone's genius for film technique is so monumental that you're usually halfway through his movies before it sinks in that he's only a third-rate intellect.
DEMOCRATIC MAYOR'S OLD WORDS GIVE GOP AMMUNITION ON CRIME BILL WASHINGTON  (BC-MAYOR-CRIME-KAN) Senate Republican leader Bob Dole, his Capitol office filled with Republican senators, had something in mind Wednesday morning before charting the day's course on the beleaguered crime bill.
``The interview took place before any of this happened,'' he said.
Jim Stewart, the CBS correspondent who narrated the piece, said Wednesday that it was not unusual to hold an interview for weeks before airing it.
Alternative certification allows a person with expertise needed by a district to begin teaching before obtaining full certification.
Meantime, I want to see, read or hear a lot more about the guns and how the criminals got them, who owned them before and how many death merchants are peddling guns on what streets.
I want to know about every crime the men committed before taking guns into the subway.
Those were the only words Derek Jeter needed to hear, the only words his Aunt Julie had to utter before he used his first scheduled day off in six weeks to transform himself from a star shortstop in Columbus, Ohio, to a concerned nephew in Kearny, N.J. Aunt Julie gave Derek a gold New York Yankees necklace when he was in the sixth grade, and the gift helped form a strong bond between them.
Brown and most of the starters will play the entire first half and the first two series of the second before yielding to the backups.
But the 25-year-old, who was born in Glen Cove, N.Y., and grew up in Michigan before moving to Florida, has been playing some of his best tennis this summer.
``He's always a player who is going to be a threat, he always plays hard,'' Stefan Edberg said on Tuesday, a day before meeting Washington in the second-round of the Hamlet.
The left-handed hitting Avila admired its flight over the fence before hitting his home run stride.
In one day, the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange plummeted 10 percent before stabilizing later in the week.
In one day, the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange plummeted 10 percent before stabilizing later in the week.
SHADING, FUDGING, DISTORTING  (BC-DOLE-EDITORIAL-KAN-KAN) For the record, Kansas City Mayor Emanuel Cleaver strongly favors the anti-crime bill that has been before the Senate in recent days.
You would think that CBS would follow developments related to individuals they interview and make necessary changes before airing interviews that have been outdated by later events.
In the second set, she raced to a 5-0 lead and was up 2-0 in the second set before Fortuni rallied to briefly lead by 3-2.
Last December, Reynolds and Prime Minister John Major of Britain, in an initiative called the Downing Street Declaration, offered to negotiate with Sinn Fein in return for a commitment to a cessation of violence and a categorical renunciation of what the IRA calls ``the armed struggle.'' A minimum of three months without violence was later stipulated as a condition before negotiations could be considered.
Hill, obscure to much of the country before the shootings but already well known to many at Regent Law School and its sister organization, the American Center for Law and Justice.
In one day, the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange plummeted 10 percent before stabilizing later in the week.
In one day, the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange plummeted 10 percent before stabilizing later in the week.
This sort of thing has been done before -- most famously in Washington in 1985, when federal and local agencies brought in 100 fugitives by promising a formal brunch and a Redskins game.
``But it sure has served us well.'' The spate of recent problems started July 19, a few hours before fans were due to arrive at a game between the Seattle Mariners and the Baltimore Orioles.
From 1938 to 1943, he was a correspondent for United Press in Berlin, Turkey, and Cairo, covering the Allied campaign in North Africa and the invasion of Sicily before joining The New York Times.
But I didn't think that my being there would be productive.'' ``I think my coming and articulating the position again could have allowed the players to say, `Oh, we've heard that before,' or `There goes Bud, but who does he really speak for?' It was important for them to not only hear the message, but to hear it from different people, new people from different markets, with different perspectives and with different economic views.'' Besides, what the group said was essentially what Selig has been saying for two years, anyway.
``We were waiting to see the results of the election before we did anything,' said Sheila Gallagher, a spokeswoman for the Centex Corporation, the largest U.S. homebuilder.
Now, much more than before, U.S. executives are planning for the coming sexenio as well.
Agassi, ranked 20th, will open against a qualifier before a likely second-round match against Mats Wilander, the 1988 champion.
22, but before then, on Sept.
And Serbs loyal to the Bosnian government are appealing as never before, often over television and radio, for Serbs on the other side of the battlefront to stop cooperating with the Karadzic leadership.
``I felt like a stranger over there.'' ``Growing up before the war here my boys played with all the neighborhood kids,'' she said.
Noll said the TBN deal (and the bargain-basement ESPN cable renewal) reflected ``poor business judgment on the part of management about the long-run attractiveness of their product to national broadcasters.'' He added that the $140 million that owners expected to share this season (before the strike) from TBN was underestimated by ``one-third to one-half'' and fell below the annual average of $165 million needed to renew the TBN deal after two years.
Baseball shut out CBS and could have waited longer before closing them out.'' Not to be forgotten is that NBC and ABC looked at CBS's losses and persuaded baseball to make the deals of their network lives: paying no guaranteed money for the national pastime.
But it went above that level a bit before noon, and after dipping back to it a little after 1 p.m. it was off to the races.
Those contracts were clearly in the money long before Wednesday arrived, meaning that those involved in them had more time to react to offset projected losses or enhance gains and were less likely to have been scrambling late Wednesday.
The targets were said to have included the United Nations, the Federal Office Building in lower Manhattan and the tunnels under the Hudson River, but, federal law-enforcement officials said, the plot was foiled before any of the attacks could be carried out.
But these two can run.'' FINISH LINES: The 6-year-old gelding Excellent Tipper likes mud and got his wish when a thunderstorm muddied the Saratoga track just before the West Point Handicap for New York-bred horses.
``That is something that he is hearing every day, increasingly, from the Cuban people, and the people who are coming out are telling it more publicly than they did before.
One official said that under the new regulations, the administration will, to a far greater degree than before, require Americans to obtain licenses to travel to Cuba or send money there.
The bill Mitchell has before the Senate aims at 95 percent coverage by 2002 and could require employers to pay half their workers' insurance premiums.
Dodd acknowledged that when they return seven weeks before Election Day, ``Time is the 101st senator -- he is the ally of the people who want to do nothing.'' As a session ends, he added, ``Fewer people can stop more.'' The crime bill debate took an occasional raucous turn.
FRESHMAN TAILBACK COPES WITH DEATH OF BROTHER LOS ANGELES  (BC-FBC-USC-LADN) Benny Washington was baptized for the second time last December, six weeks before he died.
He is 5-foot-11, and probably was 190 pounds before he stopped eating regularly.
A lot of people thought he was gone before his time.'' Delon is the youngest of the five Washington brothers, reared by James and Delores Washington in a middle-class Oak Cliff home on the southern side of Dallas.
During the lunch break, Wendy Selig-Prieb, vice president of the Milwaukee Brewers, responded to criticism the day before by Curt Schilling of the Philadelphia Phillies about the Brewers' general and administrative expenses.
It is not expected before sometime next week.
They said they knew it might be weeks or months before their applications for asylum would be granted.
Ace pitcher Nathaniel Dunlap threw a one-hitter Thursday and outfielder Spencer Gordon hit a three-run home run to help Northridge defeat Springfield, Va., 3-0, to win the U.S. championship at the Little League World Series before a crowd of 20,000 at Howard J.
Shea said that it would be ``several days'' before all plants were operating again, but that they would probably be running before late next week.
Spend time reading and watching how the Usenet system works before diving in and posting your own messages.
Bob Dole said Thursday, just moments before the Senate cleared the last hurdle toward passage of the $30 billion crime bill.
Like many another president before him, he has spoken recently of his determination not to buckle under pressure from abroad.
On Wednesday, in disclosing the grand jury's investigation, Garcetti said the jurors were questioning a number of people who were with Simpson in the hours before he disappeared with his longtime friend Al Cowlings on June 17 rather than surrendering on the murder charges at midday, as his lawyer had arranged.
They asserted before the vote that they were not afraid of being blamed for scuttling the bill.
Ace pitcher Nathaniel Dunlap threw a one-hitter Thursday and outfielder Spencer Gordon hit a three-run home run to help Northridge defeat Springfield, Va., 3-0, to win the U.S. championship at the Little League World Series before a crowd of 20,000 at Howard J.
Most of the delay occurs, he said, because of a backlog en route to a police precinct and then to central booking, where each prisoner is taken before an arraignment in criminal court.
The rest were the last to arrive on Coast Guard cutters before Clinton ordered that Cuban rafters be taken to Guantanamo.
``It will be a long time before they get their lives together and go about their business,'' said Gene Malkis, the assistant director of emergency services for the Red Cross.
CALIFORNIA HOME SALES DOWN FROM JUNE LOS ANGELES  (BC-HOMESALES-CALIF-LADN) California's real estate market remained active in July but slower than the month before as interest rates rose, figures show.
The two sides quit talking Thursday afternoon and indicated it could be at least a week before they return to the bargaining table.
Through the use of focus groups, the committee will try to find out whether officers consider the race of a suspect before taking potentially lethal action.
He noted that before DelDebbio, who was off duty and out of uniform, fired his revolver, he had seen one black youth drop a shotgun, and then seconds later saw Robinson, in plain clothes, coming toward him with gun drawn.
But aside from the ornate, largely derelict Jewish cemetery, where 135,000 people who died before 1940 rest beneath wobbly headstones and the 50,000 who perished in the ghetto lie in unmarked graves, almost nothing explicitly Jewish remains.
Lotte Zurndorfer's parents shipped her and her older sister from Duesseldorf to England before they were deported to Lodz, never to be heard from again.
``There is a future in Mexico,'' Fernandez said, consoling his supporters at a news conference hours after the polls closed on Sunday -- but hours before even the first preliminary official results were made public.
If that were not enough, it took only two days before the PAN leader who was defeated in the 1991 gubernatorial vote in Guanajuato, Vicente Fox Quesada, came out of a self-imposed political retirement to challenge Fernandez's somewhat conciliatory line and demand that the election be annulled because of irregularities.
``I think a careful analysis of what Mexico has lived through has to distinguish between the day of the vote and the process, that is, the months before the election,'' he said.
On election day, he added, a surprisingly high turnout, orderly and peaceful voting, and a relatively minimal incidence of problems ``can show us proudly before the world.'' So far as the campaign preceding the vote was concerned, he said it had ``lights and shadows,'' arguing that a series of democratic reforms representing ``a real and certain advance.'' But he said the PRI continued to compete as the party of the state, using public resources to support its candidates, dominating the news coverage on television networks beholden to the government, and spending more money than ever before, despite the country's first limits on campaign financing.
The first testimony before the council's committees on Government Operations and Public Safety came from Mollen, a former judge and deputy mayor who led the panel established by Mayor David Dinkins in 1992.
Jackson graduated from Trinity College in 1934 and from Columbia University School of Law in 1937 before beginning a 58-year law career.
Battery-powered cars have a range of 50 to 80 miles before they need to be recharged.
2 MEN ARE CHARGED IN LURING AND ABUSING TEEN-AGE GIRLS HICKSVILLE, N.Y.  (BC-NY-MOLESTERS-NYT) Two men have been accused of luring two 13-year-old girls to a house here, serving them alcohol and showing them pornographic videos before sexually abusing them, Nassau County police said Thursday.
The two men were arraigned Thursday before Judge Ira Warshawsky of First District Court in Hempstead.
``We are trying to be proactive and address an issue of officer safety before a tragedy happens,'' Piersol said.
The bill Mitchell has before the Senate aims at 95 percent coverage by 2002 and could require employers to pay half their workers' insurance premiums.
Dodd acknowledged that when they return seven weeks before Election Day, ``Time is the 101st senator.
Dole, in a bitter speech before the vote, acknowledged that his side would lose because of Republican defections: ``I assume the headlines will read `Republicans Hand Clinton a Victory.' ...
Last year, Siegel's group, now called Team Valor, sold Star of Cozzene before the Breeders' Cup in November.
This year, he won the John Henry Handicap at Hollywood Park before finishing fifth in both the Hollywood Turf Handicap and Hollywood Gold Cup.
His departure left Dykes in a quandary about choosing a successor, a situation that remains unsettled eight days before the Red Raiders' Sept.3 season opener against New Mexico.
The two sides knew the issues and their differences before they met Wednesday.
A week before Fox puts its gameface on for a nation full of cynical, traditional, Sunday-morning NFL couch slugs who will see pro football's most ground-shaking TV development come to fruition, Goren takes a second to suck in some air-conditioned smog, then gets back to looking coordinated.
``CBS had lost properties before -- the NBA, college football, eventually baseball,'' he said.
``I don't know why the other networks never did a prime-time NFL special like this before,'' Goren said.
At best, it's hard to envision a strike settlement before mid-September.
But it was the only hit allowed by Dunlap as Northridge won the U.S. championship at the Little League World Series with a 3-0 win over Springfield, Va., before 20,000 at Howard J.
Superstition vanquished: After 17 straight playoff victories, some Northridge parents had become superstitious about what they wore and ate before games.
``I've broadcast Super Bowls and intrasquad scrimmages and I've done play-by-play and color commentary,'' Sham said before the game.
New Orleans took over and, just before halftime, a 41-yard Quinn Early reception over Thomas (who has struggled all summer against deep throws) altered field position drastically.
Just before halftime, quarterback Jason Garrett was inserted for a woozy Peete.
Backup quarterback Rodney Peete started the second quarter but was in for only one series before he left for good after sustaining a concussion.
``We are trying to be proactive and address an issue of officer safety before a tragedy happens,'' Piersol said.
``What disappoints me is that you have shown no remorse for this crime,'' the judge told Van Buren before handing down his sentence in Ventura.
The week before in Seal Beach, Dodd and Whitmarsh rallied from deficits of 11-6 and 14-12 to defeat Kiraly and Steffes 15-14 in overtime to win the tournament.
Parents are urged to learn more about the film before taking children.
About 52 people before they're put in Tommy Lee Jones' jail.
Test your tonsils in a karaoke contest before Patti Lovelace sings the national anthem at the Baylor game.
Come waterlog the professor who flunked you in a faculty dunking booth before the Rice game.
This group of alums, corporation CEOs and businessmen sought to push the Horned Frogs front and center before a community that has, if not ignored TCU athletics, not exactly embraced them.
``They really surprised me with how many reasons they had.'' After 13 years as co-owner of Toad Hall children's bookstore and four years before that as an elementary school teacher, Bustard now teaches reading methods at the University of Texas and writes fictional children's stories (``T is for Texas,'' published by Voyager Press, and an upcoming book with the character Cowgirl Texana).
Most younger children, however, chose books from series they had seen before, such as ``The Magic School Bus,'' or books featured on the public television show, ``Reading Rainbow.'' ``Familiarity played a big role,'' Bustard says.
``Young children see others reading (before they learn), and there's always a place in the back of their head going, `Am I going to be able to do this?' It gives them security when we start with familiar words, and when they get to make their own books about something they've done,'' she says.
``We were not supposed to interfere, but I told someone (at one precinct), `I think you better make an announcement before you have a riot.' People were surrounding us, complaining.'' Rosales said his last stop on Election Day was at a precinct in the upscale Mexico City neighborhood of Polanco.
And (campaign) contributions are an issue.'' David Sweet-Cordero of San Francisco, who traveled through Michoacan a few days before the balloting, called the election ``unacceptable'' because of lopsided press coverage and pre-election ``intimidation'' by government-controlled unions and officials who control public funds.
Shortly before the election, Sweet-Cordero said, some communities were offered public funds for building projects and warned that ``if you don't vote for the PRI we can't guarantee we'll give you money in the future.'' Peter Brown, a San Diego teacher who was an observer with the San Francisco group Global Exchange, said officials in the state of Chiapas ``had a hard time conceptualizing the difference between party and state.'' He visited a state election office and was disturbed by what he saw when workers offered to show him how their computers stored and printed material.
In his letter, Wilson asked Clinton to take several steps, all of which the governor has requested before.
``I'll walk off this ship before I put anyone in the hole.'' The 182-ft.
The Neptune, which made the coastal run before Freda I, overturned in stormy seas two years ago because the ship was overloaded with passengers and cargo.
He lets passengers sleep on the ship's rusty deck the night before departure.
Young designers are also fascinated by the reckless hedonism of the 1970s, which is now perceived as a carefree, fun-filled disco era, before the devastation of profligate sex and drug use brought out the dark side of decadence.
Still, she wasn't too surprised at the request -- she'd heard it before.
21 election results carefully before deciding how to deal with the opposition, said Julio Faesler, head of the Council on Democracy, which helped train Mexico's first-ever official election observers.
John Chafee, R-R.I., and John Breaux, D-La., and their most trusted staff members plan to meet several times to discuss how to trim health care reforms before the Senate returns Sept.
He said he also takes into consideration the attitude of the driver before he issues a ticket.
Spend time reading and watching how the Usenet system works before diving in and posting your own messages.
The ``democratization'' of the exam began a long while before the score decline, as Charles Murray and Richard Herrnstein demonstrated in an article in the Winter 1992 issue of the magazine Public Interest.
``However, I described it pretty accurately, and I did this at a time when computers filled up entire walls,'' Asimov said in a speech before his death in 1992.
``However, I described it pretty accurately, and I did this at a time when computers filled up entire walls,'' Asimov said in a speech before his death in 1992.
	INTERNATIONAL 	POPULATION-CONFERENCE (Cairo) -- Less than two weeks before Egypt will host a U.N. conference on population that will draw some 20,000 people from around the globe, suspected Muslim militants opened fire on a tourist bus in southern Egypt, breaking a four-month lull in attacks on foreign visitors and killing a Spaniard.
My 7-year-old son had invited two other youngsters for a sleepover the night before and early morning noise on a warm summer day was part of the routine.
Dominick worked hard on his physical therapy all summer long, shedding the crutches weeks before school was to begin.
	The shooting took place just 10 days before Egypt hosts the U.N. conference on population that will draw some 20,000 people from around the globe.
``The Trabi is beloved like never before.'' Nostalgia for East Germany also has a serious side, reflected most clearly in the revival of the Communist party.
One of the region's most popular figures, Regine Hildebrandt, who is responsible for social policy in Brandenburg, likes to tell audiences, ``We're someone again.'' And when Rainer Eppelmann, a former dissident who is now a member of Parliament, is asked what was good about East Germany, he replies simply, ``Us.'' However the new nostalgia is expressed, it reflects easterners' desire not to lose contact with the life they lived for decades before the Berlin wall was breached in 1989.
Under California law, that is the legal hurdle that must be overcome in order for defense lawyers to receive evidence before prosecutors are done analyzing it.
``We're going to have to get that back before Pittsburgh.'' So what to make of a losing preseason?
Just as these scans can find the hidden source of life-threatening diseases, they can also detect unseen flaws in complex equipment before they cause costly failures.
But a test model was used to check the magnets on the giant Superconducting Supercollider particle accelerator in Texas before Congress canceled funding for the project.
When the Giants play the Chicago Bears Saturday night at Soldier Field in their final tuneup before the start of the regular season Sept.
It is being released Saturday, just 10 days before the start of the Ten Days of Awe, the period from Rosh ha-Shannah to Yom Kippur, a time of reflection and repentence.
If you got into trouble, your mother knew it before you got home.'' In those days following the discovery of gold, Fairbanks thrived as a city of some 1,000 population.
Another miner who ignored her advice went broke -- and she went to jail, briefly, before charges of witchcraft were dismissed.
It was many years before the family heard from her again.
He said Clinton reduced his $50 billion economic stimulus proposal to $16 billion rather than put up ``a whimper of a fight'' for it before abandoning it.
Decades before professional leagues expanded west and south, their game created connections between fragmented rural populations and faraway cities.
MEXICAN ELECTIONS CLEANEST EVER, EXPERTS SAY MEXICO CITY  (BC-MEXICO-VOTE-HNS) If last Sunday's federal elections were not immaculate, they were cleaner than any held in Mexico before, election officials and foreign academic researchers agreed Friday.
Nonetheless, Dresser said, the new rules forced the PRI to be more competitive in the campaign than ever before.
Stratton deals often feature intriguing transactions just before a company goes public, and this one is no exception.
Then, just before the offering, the principal shareholder bought that stock for $686,000, paying a bit more than the public offering price and allowing Mrs.
``I do feel cheated, and I'll tell you why,'' Michael said before fleeing north on Thursday.
I noticed it about five days before the strike when I'd get to my office at Yankee Stadium.
16, moments before Sergeeva's 10:35 p.m. Delta Airlines flight was about to arrive in Kansas City, Wycoff paced the airport's hallways nervously.
Whereas before, Sergeeva and Wycoff had others to help them communicate, now they will mostly be on their own.
But then Mae has seen hard times before.
``I think it will pass,'' he said before going inside to vote at Municipal Auditorium.
in Boston, said the liquidation threat was ``news to me.'' ``I haven't heard that before,'' Phillips said.
When dowry arrangements come before the courts, it is usually as a result of incidents in which wives have been set on fire because their families have failed to meet dowry payments, or to pay additional amounts demanded by the groom's family after marriage.
In a survey conducted in the 1970s, before ultrasound become widely available, the All India Institute of Medical Sciences in Delhi, one of the country's leading medical complexes, estimated that seven out of eight women requesting amniocentesis tests did so solely to learn the sex of their unborn children.
He moved up to command squadrons and air wings before ultimately serving as head of U.S. Air Forces in the Pacific from 1990 to 1992.
``Mein Kampf'' takes place before World War I, as young Hitler arrives in Vienna, hoping to study at the Academy of Fine Arts.
Herzl could destroy the developing demagogue before it's too late.
After all, before the Doctors' 1991 debut album, ``Pocket Full of Kryptonite,'' took off and eventually sold more than 5.5 million copies worldwide, the group spent the better part of four years on the road, building up a fan base that has turned into a full-fledged following.
``Our top priority was to play music,'' Comess, 26, said by telephone from San Diego, a few days before the Doctors were to headline the Greek Theatre tonight.
India says the Memons fled to Dubai just before the attacks, then traveled to Pakistan before returning to the Middle East.
The shooting took place just 10 days before a U.N. conference on population is to open in Cairo, drawing 20,000 people from around the globe.
In January 1984, at the age of 18, she was No. 7 in ranking and the year before won the Italian Open.
But it's worth at least knowing where a broker got his or her training before handing over any money.
The shooting took place just 10 days before a U.N. conference on population is to open in Cairo, drawing 20,000 people from around the globe.
Wells recessed negotiations Thursday before the owners and players could become too angry with each other and damage efforts in the future.
That'll be driven by our sense of timing based on conversations with the players and the owners.'' It's most likely the negotiating teams will meet next week but likely not before Wednesday, which is the last day before the start of what usually is the last month of the season.
Being a parent in a movie or TV show stands to be as lethal as smoking, unprotected sex, drunk driving, silicone implants, using an electrical appliance in the bathtub, sharing a needle, cleaning a loaded weapon, not waiting an hour after a meal before swimming and eating buttered popcorn -- combined.
HUD should therefore set clear standards of conduct before an investigation of any private group is triggered -- excluding from retaliation, for example, legitimate forms of citizen protest like circulating petitions.
Though he was barely known in the retail community before the shoot-out began, Dickstein, 35, is no rookie.
Jackson has hinted about running before.
Under California law, that is the legal hurdle that must be overcome for defense lawyers to receive evidence before prosecutors are done analyzing it.
They also urged Judge Ito to give them a portion of those samples for independent review before they were destroyed in added prosecution tests.
``Such conduct, while less than exemplary, does not rise to the level of bad faith or misconduct.'' Ito ordered prosecutors to give Simpson's lawyers 48 hours notice before conducting any more DNA tests and allow the defense to observe the tests.
``There are countries ruled by machine guns, and I never really understood that before,'' he said.
Just before the final vote on the crime bill, Sen.
While still small, it is better than small loss or no gain before this week.
Most, according to interpreters on board, thought they would be taken to the United States, just like thousands of other Cuban refugees for so many years before them.
AIMING TO WIN AS A FIGHTER IF NOT AN ALL-OUT VICTOR WASHINGTON  (BC-CLINTON-ASSESS-NYT) Eight months ago, President Clinton stood before Congress and waved a pen that he vowed to use to veto any measure that did not guarantee universal health care coverage.
Even so, the enduring image of Clinton waving a veto pen before a joint session of Congress is one that critics have relished in anticipation of being able to hold it against him.
``The levels of sand we have now are infinitely worse than before the other times we lost the walkway,'' Bube said.
In addition, the lawyer, Brian O'Dwyer, said that the transit officer, Desmond Robinson, Friday gave his first detailed account of what he remembers of the shooting in the 53rd Street subway station Monday night, recalling that he was shot twice from the front before he fell to the subway platform, then was shot twice more, this time in the back as he lay face down.
O'Dwyer said Robinson remembered that a substantial interval of time elapsed before the two shots into his back were fired.
``It's a tradition from before my own ancestors,'' she said of her vote for the PRI.
That, too, confirms the results of exit polls, which found that those who did not feel they were worse off than before tended to favor Zedillo.
The city contended that its obligation to patients was fulfilled by matching patients with an appropriate residence before discharge, but Justice Lehner disagreed, ruled that the city was violating court orders and required the 90 days of follow-up.
O'Leary said that Finkler appeared agitated, and the two officers ``approached in a rather gentle way'' before ordering him to surrender.
DISNEY UNIT PLANS MOCK SIMPSON TRIAL LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-DISNEY-LADN) A court-style television talk show will judge O.J. Simpson even before a jury is selected to hear the murder case against him.
``Judge For Yourself,'' launched by Walt Disney Co.'s Buena Vista Television unit, will try the case before a jury of nine audience members.
13 -- one week before jury selection is scheduled to begin for the actual trial.
DISNEY UNIT PLANS MOCK SIMPSON TRIAL LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-DISNEY-LADN) A court-style television talk show will judge O.J. Simpson even before a jury is selected to hear the murder case against him.
``Judge For Yourself,'' launched by Walt Disney Co.'s Buena Vista Television unit, will try the case before a jury of nine audience members.
13 -- one week before jury selection is scheduled to begin for the actual trial.
I must have talked to about 15 before I found Randolph.'' Randolph is Randolph Scott Colon, a 23-year-old painter and student at the Fashion Institute of Technology.
He briefly worked for Travel magazine and The New York Herald Tribune before becoming art director for the sports, travel and decorating magazines of Maco Publications in 1960.
Zito and Schumaci were wigmakers for productions of Sarah Caldwell's Opera Company of Boston for five years before opening their salon in New York in 1978.
While large groups of teen-agers pose a problem for malls throughout the country, curtailing bus service has not been tried before, said mall security consultants and a shopping center trade group.
One of the advantages of old-fashioned letters is that it gives the writer plenty of time to reconsider before dropping the message in a mailbox.
But the truth is, no matter how much care teams may take, the players know their fate before they actually sit down with a club official.
But Czuleger ordered prosecutors before the grand jury to tell him the nature of the inquiry before they question members of Simpson's defense team or anyone expected to testify during Simpson's trial.
Also Friday, Czuleger heard a request by Robert Kardashian, a friend of Simpson's who has helped the defense team, and Nicole Pulvers, an attorney who worked with Kardashian, to quash a subpoenas for them to appear before the Cowlings grand jury.
On Friday, it remained unclear whether Kardashian and Pulvers will appear before the grand jury.
(The lower level, encompassing a bedroom, the family room and Mike's office, was added later, before they bought the house.) Mike, 37, has built everything from a garden room to a landscaped deck to an above-ground pool.
YANCEY'S GREATEST FEAT WAS ESCAPING PRIVATE HELL  (BC-GLF-WILKINS-COLUMN-TEX) That his life ended on a practice tee before a tournament and not in a mental ward was the final proof.
No doubt he had spoken freely the night before, perhaps to a mental health group, perhaps to someone trying to emerge from the same hellish illness.
Acknowledging his poor preseason, Esiason had said before the trip here that ``Redemption will seek itself in the regular season.'' Perhaps the Jets can rejoice in victory, although their 3-1 exhibition record is meaningless.
EXTRA POINTS -- A moment of silence before the game for Hugh Culverhouse was led by LEE ROY SELMON.
-- Reflecting on JACK TRUDEAU's performance, BOOMER ESIASON said before the game, ``That's why we got him.'' -- Tampa is a place where Jets quarterback history goes beyond even the creation of the Buccaneers.
-- The wandering Jets played four preseason games in Tampa before the Bucs joined the league, the first having been against the Buffalo Bills in 1964.
And Dominican-born pitchers Ramon Martinez and Pedro Astacio, who threw only 170 and 149 innings, respectively, before the strike, also are likely to play in that league.
Catcher Mike Piazza sharpened his skills in the Arizona Fall League's inaugural 1992 season, before winning National League Rookie of the Year honors last year.
Gentile struck out 13 batters Wednesday and tossed a one-hitter in a 2-0 win over Springfield, Va. Gentile seems ready to handle the pressure of starting before an expected crowd of 40,000.
While Springfield players took a nap before Thursday's final, Northridge players were scattered around the stadium complex, hardly worried about their task at hand.
``We know what we're going to do,'' said coach Barry Switzer, who might do some tinkering before and after Sunday's 3 p.m. deadline for National Football League teams to make cuts.
I think because they missed on some young talent for about three or four years -- you've got to be able to hit on your draft picks and that's what happened, they missed on some high draft picks -- they just aren't as solid defensively as they were before.'' The 49ers have added imposing names -- Dent, Jackson and Norton were all in the Pro Bowl last year -- but there are questions about their ages.
``We knew we were going to lose some players, but we also knew some opponents were going to lose some players,'' said Johnson, who had studied his team and its potential losses thoroughly before abruptly quitting as head coach in March.
District and United Teachers-Los Angeles negotiators met with state mediator Draza Mrvichin for more than eight hours at the district's downtown Los Angeles offices before finally calling it a day at 10 p.m. Neither side would comment on the talks under the news blackout imposed by Mrvichin.
Weeks worked at Baker & McKenzie's Palo Alto offices before leaving in September 1991.
``The lesson here is that you should take action before it occurs,'' Palefsky said.
The defendants had offered Weeks at least $300,000 before the trial began, according to court documents, but she refused.
If America has its Catskills and Atlantic City, Britain has its Blackpool, a tacky, sometimes vulgar tumble of amusement rides and arcades and creaky old theaters where the audiences swarm each night for a two-hour revue of dancing and singing and juggling, usually presided over by a rubber-faced comic who's heard 'em all before and knows how to take a pratfall or two.
It wouldn't really multiply the possibilities of trade, but it would bring in a flood of ideas and dollars, which are dangerous, and deprive him of a political tool.'' Or as Nixon put it in a book published just before his death this spring, ``the plain fact ...
With cable services springing up for food enthusiasts, golfers and talk-show junkies, it was only a matter of time before somebody created a channel for computer users, who probably outnumber all of the above combined.
ANDY GARCIA IS CUBAN VIRTUOSO'S BIGGEST FAN LOS ANGELES  (BC-GARCIA-MUSIC-LADN) Long before he generated his own fans, Andy Garcia was one himself -- a pesky Cuban music collector who frequented record stores in Miami.
Cachao left Cuba in 1962 to play with an orchestra in Spain before moving to the United States in the '70s.
It is here, reading on his own, that Pierce first stumbles on the library books -- the texts, the arcana, that eventually lead him deep into the past: to the court recesses of 16th-century England, to the Elizabethan metaphysician John Dee and, finally, to Faraway Hills, N.Y. As an adult, Pierce becomes a writer, only to find himself embroiled in a mystery of text that began long before he stepped into the picture but that possibly can be ``solved'' only by him.
The company existed for nearly 11 years, performing regularly at the Los Angeles Philharmonic's downtown home in the days before the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion and the Assistance League Playhouse in Hollywood.
But in an era before the National Endowment for the Arts and other government support, keeping the company afloat was a struggle.
His ship, the Sitkinak, had regularly picked up Cuban nationals before the recent crisis.
Hill said the vessel would find 40 to 50 refugees over a five-day period before the crisis.
``I've done this sort of thing before in Puerto Rico,'' he said.
Powlus wonders how long it will take before his approach to the game quiets the talk of the past.
They ought to study the baseball owners, who wanted to atone for their own clumsy spending in the past: Stop me before I spend again.
Nen, 24, is one of three closers the Florida Marlins used successfully before everyone stopped playing on Aug.
The Marlins acquired Hernandez just before the start of the season from Cleveland, where he compiled eight saves last season.
``A lot of pitchers,'' Dombrowski said, ``before they become the dominant closer, they have been broken in by bullpen by committee or have been the second person and had some opportunities to close.
He had trouble throwing strikes consistently before.
He wasn't at that point when Bryan went down in April.'' Harvey, whose 45 saves and one victory represented a major league-record 72 percent of the expansion team's 64 victories in 1993, managed to squeeze in six saves in six chances before sitting down for the season and having groin surgery.
Chen Ziming, one of two pro-democracy intellectuals released from prison on medical parole before Clinton's decision on the trade status issue, lives as a prisoner in his tiny Beijing apartment, unable to go out or receive friends.
Washington and Beijing ``certainly don't have the momentum going that was going before May,'' one political observer here said.
But the Chinese have yet to agree to the meeting and apparently are seeking other concessions from Washington before they do.
In eight hours, they'll be pleading `play ball.' ' Not! Nuclear winter could not knock owners and players from their appointed course before it is dictated by that clock.
Even before negotiations resumed last week, expert observers inside and outside the game predicted a day or two at the most of more heat than light.
Or will the owners' newfound solidarity push that date to sometime in June 1996, if necessary, as one owner strongly suggested it could long before the Aug.
And perhaps the most powerful owners know just what date they are willing to push the strike to before it comes time, as the cowboys used to say, to turn mother's picture to the wall and skedattle.
The thing is, what was such an opening exchange of ideas doing coming a year and a half after it could have been held, and just 40 days before the season is scheduled to end?
SALINAS SEES NO CHIAPAS SOLUTION ON HORIZON MEXICO CITY  (BC-MEXICO-SALINAS-500&ADD-NYT) With political conflict brewing again in the southern state of Chiapas, President Carlos Salinas de Gortari says he has given up hope of a political settlement to the peasant rebellion there before he leaves office in December.
Vic Fazio, chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, could not have been more clear: ``Health care will be the key to the '94 elections.'' But now that the White House and congressional leaders have essentially abandoned their push for universal health insurance before November, Democrats are confronted with a far more delicate challenge: Preventing health care from becoming the key to their defeat.
Instead, the Democrats, already jittery about November, find themselves with three options, none particularly appealing: Passing a modest package of reforms before November, and billing them as progress, the first step to universal coverage.
 (BC-FBC-GATORS-650(2TAKES)-NYT) In town after town, as Steve Spurrier stood before group after group of expectant supporters to talk about a Florida Gator football season that could surpass all the others, he understood that a simple rundown of the depth charts will only carry you so far.
At a kickoff luncheon on Friday, standing before more than 1,000 fans, Bowden reported that his recent back surgery, performed in Gainsville, had been a success.
 (BC-FBC-GATORS-2NDTAKE-NYT) Unlike Florida State, which began Atlantic Coast Conference play in 1992, and Miami, which played its first full Big East schedule last season, Florida has had concern itself for decades with the demands of Southeastern Conference before it could begin to think about the world beyond.
``You don't always want to be the adjuster,'' Pruett said, sitting in the shade after another day of two-a-days, his voice already raspy well before the season.
He pointed out that medical care was still better for Cubans than it was before the revolution, even though medical supplies have dwindled recently.
Moye-Turnage begins just before Shackelford's Grocery, at a granite marker commemorating Alfred Moye, a 19th-century state senator whose great-great-grandson, Joel Moye Jr., grows tobacco farther down the road.
But even that will not be easy in the time remaining before Congress adjourns for the elections.
Almost every bill before Congress has some plan for subsidies.
The insurance industry generally supports these changes, although it argues for longer waiting periods before coverage takes effect, to prevent customers from waiting to buy coverage until they are actually sick.
Some members of key policymaking councils in the Liberal Democratic Party, which governed Japan for 38 years before it was ousted after a split last summer, have started to question whether Japan needs all the American bases and whether Japan should provide as much financial support as it does for the installations.
Even before he arrived, there were rumored sightings of him at the Savoir Fare restaurant in Edgartown.
But Guerra, his boatmates, and more than 600 other Cuban refugees now held at Krome and a detention center in Port Isabel, Texas, are already on track to obtain lawyers and apply for political asylum at hearings before immigration administrative judges.
``I've been here before,'' said Woodbridge, who reached the second round the last two years at the Open, ``and I'm feeling that I playing good enough to win some matches in the main draw, so I don't feel like I've achieved what I wanted to here, yet.'' Last year, Woodbridge injured his elbow.
``I'm building up to where I was before,'' he said.
Many were killed or remain in danger, Marlene Lee, a graduate of Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary here, said during a brief furlough this week in Fort Worth before returning to Africa to establish an orphanage.
``I've done it before, and I've been thinking about that a lot,'' said Sampras in the late Friday afternoon lull between massage and dinner.
Robinson remembers being shot twice in the front before falling, then being shot twice in the back as he lay face down, said Brian O'Dwyer, a lawyer hired by the wounded man's family, who revealed the officer's first memory of the incident on Friday.
O'Dwyer said Robinson remembered that a substantial interval before the final two shots were fired.
``He's been doing this for at least 20 years, and he's been arrested for this type of activity before.'' The furnace Kramer used to melt the gold resembles a large crockpot and is made of cast iron, the police said.
15, two days before Marion's debut, the performance was sold out.
They praised her pretty voice before pointing out her ``immaturities and certain technical difficulties.'' One critic wrote that Marion seemed ``an amateur in a professional company.'' In Kansas City, The Star ran ``A Reply to Talley Critics.'' But Marion did not respond at all.
The baby had been born just before Marion left for Hollywood in 1935.
They were a team that was creating a devoted following before Walter O'Malley even OWNED the Dodgers let alone came up with the idea of moving them here.
The Rams were in town two years before the Lakers were even born in the snowy wastes of Minnesota.
Silver said Connors had ``forever destroyed'' the life Moore led before the accident.
Moore ``will never have again what he had before the impact.
I think I'm going to have to kiss Orel before he decides to hang up those shoes.'' Alas, Morganna fears there will be no chance to smooch Hershiser this year.
I think I'm going to have to kiss Orel before he decides to hang up those shoes.'' Alas, Morganna fears there will be no chance to smooch Hershiser this year.
Northridge pitcher Justin Gentile, whose palm ball was working so well before the break, and Venezuela pitcher Cesar Hidalgo each were in control when the severe weather hit.
``We're very famous,'' first baseman Matt Cassel said before the game.
We're looking forward to that.'' Dunlop, Scott and many of the Northridge parents were already camped out in the stands over the first base dugout at 9 a.m., nearly seven hours before the scheduled first pitch.
``But I am quick, and if I can put that together with precise routes, I can get separation on people.'' That's something that Hackett didn't know when he began installing the Chiefs' new offense before the 1993 season.
Instead of lamenting the struggles of the offense, which had produced only 39 yards in the second half before the final drive, the focus shifted to how the group of reserves persevered and helped the Raiders end the preseason 4-1.
Jordan, who played one year of junior college football before taking four off from the game, definitely took advantage of his chance to make a final impression before the last cuts are made.
Jeff Hostetler did not start at quarterback for the Raiders because Shell wanted to give him some rest before the regular season opener on Sept.
``I thought before the delay, we had more momentum.
``We've had eruptions before.
Loiola and Bacil held in at 3-3, before Kiraly and Steffes notched a 12-1 run to take the game.
Both teams were tied at 12 with 34 seconds left before McPeak and Ciarelli finished off the match.
Then there was the scene two hours before a crucial game against Springfield, Va. Northridge players were getting ready for batting practice.
It wouldn't really multiply the possibilities of trade, but it would bring in a flood of ideas and dollars, which are dangerous, and deprive him of a political tool.'' Or as Nixon put it in a book published just before his death this spring, ``the plain fact ...
If America has its Catskills and Atlantic City, Britain has its Blackpool, a tacky, sometimes vulgar tumble of amusement rides and arcades and creaky old theaters where the audiences swarm each night for a two-hour revue of dancing and singing and juggling, usually presided over by a rubber-faced comic who's heard 'em all before and knows how to take a pratfall or two.
............5...........29 	(Island/Dell, $6.99.) Just before he 	kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
Unlike home equity, the money in the annuity is earning compound interest with taxes deferred, though it cannot be tapped without a 10 percent tax penalty before age 59{.
``It would be typical of the orneriness of the market for there to be a strong upsurge around the world next week, because all the great money managers will be at the watering holes of the upper class, and they don't want the week before Labor Day disturbed,'' he said wryly.
``And before the court ruled on it, she withdrew the filing and paid off her bills.'' What the woman learned is that credit records, as well as driving records, can make auto insurers balk.
A few hours before his death, he told Ms. Merrifield, ``My mind is teeming with ideas.'' The pathos of that statement is truly Shakespearean.
Ms. Rook, a practiced hostess, maintains an air of earnest attentiveness to whatever is being said at her, even if she has heard it before.
Now it's what you have to bring to the table in order to survive.'' As a result, if New York City is no longer the source, the place where all theater starts, it has become more of a hub, the place where everything checks in before heading elsewhere.
Other officers who were brought in made similar rescue attempts before being called away for more pressing duties.
``Here is where we say goodbye,'' the 41-year-old father said to the boy before crossing into Israel.
They allowed Lawrence to announce his own departure, which he did during a visit to the press box before the first race Sunday afternoon, and they declined to name a successor.
Others, like Tate, feared quakes before Northridge, and those pre-existing conditions have made their recoveries harder.
But Watson said he knew his children must be screaming, but couldn't hear them because he'd taken out his hearing aid before going to bed.
Dupre lost his first nine before winning his lone title in Hong Kong in 1982.
Alexander was 0-8 before winning the first of his seven finals in 1975.
But Pioline was noticeably tired by the match's end, especially in the final game, where he mis-hit two forehands excessively long before Kafelnikov closed it out with a nice forehand winner into the backhand corner.
Remember, he also had four tough matches in the tournament.'' At the least, both players will get a day off before the open.
Dee Dee Myers, the White House spokeswoman, said that Clinton had met him before being offered the house free of charge, but could not say whether it was on an occasion other than a party fund-raiser.
Such a cease-fire would not fulfill the demands of the British and Irish governments that a permanent cessation of violence was necessary before they agreed to peace negotiations with the IRA or Sinn Fein.
Invading Haiti before resolving the Cuban crisis poses huge risks.
In South Africa, 72 children out of every 1,000 die before they turn 5 years old, double the rate that would be expected of a country this rich, according to the U.N. Children's Fund.
Some hospitals say they have been forced to overspend their budget, which means either they will have to close before the end of the year or, more likely, the government will bail them out, breaking its budget.
And since nothing like this has happened before, advertisers are unclear about what to do.
For three weeks before that date, Mr. Hunt, like Mr. Bergamo at KSAZ, will fill his station's airwaves with leftovers and lots of local news.
But in a much-appealed case, the Patent and Trademark Office had originally ruled the term ``windows'' was in wide use in the computer industry before Microsoft applied for the trademark on Aug.
Computer programs that permitted the display of overlapping windows of information were then developed at Xerox's Palo Alto Research Center and offered in products such as Visicorp's Vision and the Apple Macintosh long before Microsoft applied for the trademark.
The letter argued at length that the word ``windows'' has a generic meaning in the computer industry and was in use before Microsoft introduced its product.
``Ten years ago, it would have been unheard of,'' said Trump, who had never dealt with Hong Kong or Southeast Asian investors before the Riverside South deal.
Trump said he had never dealt with investors from Hong Kong or Southeast Asia before, but on this project he found himself facing offers from four Asian companies -- two from Hong Kong, one from Singapore and one from Malaysia.
Bond prices are generally a bit higher than before the latest Fed move, and short-term interest rates, which are set by the market, have fallen.
31, a few days before the Fed's first tightening.
And there are signs that the prevalent speculation just before the rally was against the stock market.
Using this key, readers of prognosticatory harangues in this space were able to discern beforehand the passage of the Republican-deporked crime bill, as well as the president's sudden willingness to let Congress go home to mull over ever-less-toxic health legislation.
This suggests the October Non-Surprise, the multinational, multicultural, multimedia invasion of Haiti, with air cover by CNN, with the Congressional Black Caucus in the second wave to take the surrender, and with a nice boost in the polls for Clinton before Election Day.
Now, he has set his sights on one of the rising Democratic stars of the Senate, going from long shot to contender before Ms. Feinstein knew what happened to her, and before he should have, many experts say.
There is talk about his lightning response time to Ms. Feinstein's ads on a scale never before seen here.
Chen Ziming, one of two pro-democracy intellectuals released from prison on medical parole before Clinton's decision on the trade status issue, lives as a prisoner in his tiny Beijing apartment, unable to go out or receive friends.
Washington and Beijing ``certainly don't have the momentum going that was going before May,'' one political observer here said.
But the Chinese have yet to agree to the meeting and apparently are seeking other concessions from Washington before they do.
DROPPING IN WITH A PARAGLIDING RECORD  (BC-GLIDER-SPI) After the rattlesnake was skinned for crawdad bait and before the kids played kick-the-can until dusk, the Iksics' 20-member family birthday party had an unexpected visitor drop in.
``We've never had anything like that happen before.
Even before that, Graf had misplaced the dominance that she had shown after Monica Seles was stabbed and dropped out of tennis.
Three days before Ashe died in 1993, he arranged for a sponsor to give $10,000 toward the development of Jackson's game.
He was just such a great gentleman.'' The event fittingly always takes place one day before the Open, which Ashe, an amateur, won in its inception in 1968 as the tournament first let in professional players.
Dee Dee Myers, the White House spokeswoman, said that Clinton had met him before being offered the house free of charge, but could not say whether it was on an occasion other than a party fund-raiser.
It's worked before.
In Havana, Maria de la Caridad Cabrera, a day-care worker, strolled down a Havana street with her granddaughter Sunday, a week before the start of the school year.
Cabrera said the country is much worse off than before the revolution.
Nebraska had eight sacks, stunting and blitzing at its leisure and looking splendid eight months after giving Florida State fits before falling just short in the Orange Bowl.
Asked how his quarterbacks performed, West Virginia Coach Don Nehlen eyed his questioner for a moment, before deciding the obvious.
The battle resulted in MSG being taken off Cablevision systems for nine months before MSG became marketed as a premium service equivalent to Sportschannel.
This year, before learning of his daughter's illness, Moran announced that he would participate in only 10 debates.
As a result of such doubts, it may be months or even years before the long-term winners and losers can be identified after the months-long battle for the package, which includes the Madison Square Garden arena, the New York Knicks basketball team and New York Rangers hockey team, and the MSG Network.
College football on a Sunday in a pro stadium a week before Labor Day?
Oh well, before we know it, Nebraska will be trying to generate touchdown drives against an arctic 30-mph wind and the Colorado defense.
23-25, before the administration decided to try to resume talks on immigration with the Cuban government.
It also indicates the team feels changes may be worth the risk even with so such little time before the opener.
The week before the Jets rushed for 155 yards and had a 5.7 yard average.
But before their interest in the American subsidiary will have value, the American subsidiary must satisfy other claims, including Citibank's, which has a claim to the first $250 million of equity in the company.
But its operating cash flow -- earnings before depreciation, amortization and interest -- was $252 million.
It was filed before Federal District Judge Milton Pollack in Manhattan.
He said that Strasser was ``soliciting claims that belong to the investors, which in part arise from his own wrongdoing,'' and was ``creating a new scam out of the old Prudential scam and is targeting the same victims.'' Irving Pollack, the court-appointed administrator of the settlement fund, was not notified of the proposal before it was sent, and said in an interview that he did not understand what Baker & McKenzie was trying to do.
But off-season knee surgery prevented him from practiing until two days before training camp broke, and young receivers developed.
He played the third period Friday night at Tampa Bay before Trudeau led the team in the final period.
Were that to happen, Reuter would be following in the footsteps of his father, Ernst Reuter, who was the last mayor before Berlin was divided.
At the same time, they try to track down relatives for exiles and help resettle exiles who arrived here before the Coast Guard was ordered to detain all refugees.
Whitman faced controversy in Texas, the second leg of her week-long trip, even before she landed Sunday.
Pete Wilson of California before returning to New Jersey on Friday.
``We're planning another trip to the Midwest and a tour of the East Coast from New England to Florida before the November election,'' he said.
Darin Erstad's 48.3-yard punting average -- sensational in any other game -- paled before Sauerbrun's; the Mountaineer punted five times in the first half for a 66-yard average.
``It's calming down.'' But with showers and thunderstorms in the straits, it will probably be days before Cubans can leave their homeland in the large numbers they did last week, when the Coast Guard picked up 13,634 in seven days.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Parrack said the concept emphasized that Paper ``is approachable and inclusive'' rather than an aloof ``arbiter of style.'' Besides, the pass concept is far less amorphous than Underwood's characterization of Paper as ``the point on the spear traveling through the next day before the sun even comes up.'' Each of the shifting themes, which Underwood described as ``the ever-changing tag lines,'' is pegged to an aspect of Paper's editorial coverage.
And Clinton, before long, was distracted by economic struggles, the North American Free Trade Agreement, Whitewater and foreign crises, and the window began to close.
Though unfinished, the history of health care legislation is a striking measure of the complexity of legislating major change in an era of intense partisanship, with a public that distrusts Washington as never before, a campaign technology applied to whipping around voters' opinions, and news reports that emphasize conflict, not explanation.
22, Clinton went before a joint session of Congress.
Clinton captivated and dominated her audience when she testified before five Congressional committees starting on Sept.
Lloyd Bentsen, the secretary of the treasury, refused to testify on Capitol Hill before he was surer of the numbers.
Four days before the president's speech, Sen.
His hearings were a fascinating intellectual excursion into health care and related issues, but it was late June before he was ready to write legislation.
Other foreign policy problems erupted in Haiti and Bosnia, the North American Free Trade Agreement was in trouble, and it was December before Clinton was again heavily focused on health care.
It was months before that effort was even begun, after the other side's argument was firmly planted.
25, 1994, Clinton waved a pen before Congress and threatened to veto any health legislation that did not guarantee insurance coverage for all Americans.
That committee's bill was ultimately slapped together at the last possible moment; it was days before its contents became clear.
``Democracies tend to respond to crises afterwards more so than before them.'' To Chafee, the hope for insuring another 15 million or so Americans and making other changes in health insurance practices that were once scorned as ``incremental'' rests on the willingness of the president and his allies ``to abandon `mammoth steps' and recognize that ``we had better be cautious.'' There is general agreement that Clinton would have got closer to his goal if he had acted faster, before the opposition had mobilized and his own standing had weakened.
Unlike home equity, the money in the annuity is earning compound interest with taxes deferred, though it cannot be tapped without a 10 percent tax penalty before age 59{.
Back on the G line, the officers spotted an old woman carrying a Bloomingdale's shopping bag fastidiously put down a newspaper on the subway car bench before she sat down.
Just before sundown five men holding aloft a raft walked toward the harbor in downtown Havana.
In Havana, Maria de la Caridad Cabrera, a day-care worker, strolled down a Havana street with her granddaughter Sunday, a week before the start of the school year.
Cabrera said the country is much worse off than before the revolution.
Only crazy people would do that.'' He said that he had worked with horses all his life, as had his father before him.
And Clinton, before long, was distracted by economic struggles, the North American Free Trade Agreement, Whitewater and foreign crises, and the window began to close.
Though unfinished, the history of health care legislation is a striking measure of the complexity of legislating major change in an era of intense partisanship, with a public that distrusts Washington as never before, a campaign technology applied to whipping around voters' opinions, and news reports that emphasize conflict, not explanation.
22, Clinton went before a joint session of Congress.
Clinton captivated and dominated her audience when she testified before five Congressional committees starting on Sept.
Lloyd Bentsen, the secretary of the treasury, refused to testify on Capitol Hill before he was surer of the numbers.
Four days before the president's speech, Sen.
His hearings were a fascinating intellectual excursion into health care and related issues, but it was late June before he was ready to write legislation.
Other foreign policy problems erupted in Haiti and Bosnia, the North American Free Trade Agreement was in trouble, and it was December before Clinton was again heavily focused on health care.
It was months before that effort was even begun, after the other side's argument was firmly planted.
25, 1994, Clinton waved a pen before Congress and threatened to veto any health legislation that did not guarantee insurance coverage for all Americans.
That committee's bill was ultimately slapped together at the last possible moment; it was days before its contents became clear.
``Democracies tend to respond to crises afterwards more so than before them.'' To Chafee, the hope for insuring another 15 million or so Americans and making other changes in health insurance practices that were once scorned as ``incremental'' rests on the willingness of the president and his allies ``to abandon `mammoth steps' and recognize that ``we had better be cautious.'' There is general agreement that Clinton would have got closer to his goal if he had acted faster, before the opposition had mobilized and his own standing had weakened.
``We both need a break before we kill each other.'' Coleman got his break, all right: He's still a Cowboy.
MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL: FROM PRETENDER TO CONTENDER  (BC-FBN-MONDAY-TEX) As it turned out, Don Meredith could have broken into song before the opening kickoff: ``Turn out the lights, the party's over...'' The game between the Houston Oilers and the Oakland Raiders was over the minute the National Football League's schedule-makers set the matchup.
The trouble for ABC was, it had a telecast to do -- even if spectators were departing the Astrodome long before the Oilers had finished taking a 34-0 beating.
Forte remembers a warm reception from owner George Halas turning chilly in a hurry before the ABC's first ``Monday Night'' telecast at Chicago's Soldier Field.
Late in 1988, Jones went to New York for what he calls ``the most important meeting I had before I bought the Dallas Cowboys.'' For more than three hours, Jones quizzed Capital Cities chief executive officer Daniel Burke.
``Or they have gotten so close to it that they don't see some of the values that people who haven't had it before can.
``It's calming down.'' But with showers and thunderstorms in the straits, it will probably be days before Cubans can leave their homeland in the large numbers they did last week, when the Coast Guard picked up 13,634 in seven days.
Kiraly hit a steel support before finally landing on the sand.
Kiraly hit a steel support before finally landing on the sand.
Dutch underground forces are advised to await instructions from their leaders before beginning any uprisings.
31, before 50,000 rain-soaked fans at Northwestern University's Dyche Stadium.
Shuler was drafted by the Washington Redskins and is expected to be their starting quarterback before the season is over.
Like generations of civic leaders before them, they learned the hard lessons of rebuilding after disaster.
Scientists working to find private companies say government funding will now end before they've had time to find private investors.
``The bottom line was that when it became apparent that the business was going down, I started looking around.'' Bill Moddeman, once one of Mound's top experts in the esoteric world of surface analysis, admits to many sleepless nights before accepting a job as a research scientist at Pantex.
It's almost like we're giving up before we start.'' Larry Dosser, a research scientist at Mound's laser and photonics center, has been fighting for three years to keep his center going after it loses Department of Energy Work.
It wouldn't really multiply the possibilities of trade, but it would bring in a flood of ideas and dollars, which are dangerous, and deprive him of a political tool.'' Or as Nixon put it in a book published just before his death this spring, ``the plain fact ...
............5...........29 	(Island/Dell, $6.99.) Just before he 	kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
If America has its Catskills and Atlantic City, Britain has its Blackpool, a tacky, sometimes vulgar tumble of amusement rides and arcades and creaky old theaters where the audiences swarm each night for a two-hour revue of dancing and singing and juggling, usually presided over by a rubber-faced comic who's heard 'em all before and knows how to take a pratfall or two.
Unlike home equity, the money in the annuity is earning compound interest with taxes deferred, though it cannot be tapped without a 10 percent tax penalty before age 59{.
``And before the court ruled on it, she withdrew the filing and paid off her bills.'' What the woman learned is that credit records, as well as driving records, can make auto insurers balk.
``It would be typical of the orneriness of the market for there to be a strong upsurge around the world next week, because all the great money managers will be at the watering holes of the upper class, and they don't want the week before Labor Day disturbed,'' he said wryly.
Unlike home equity, the money in the annuity is earning compound interest with taxes deferred, though it cannot be tapped without a 10 percent tax penalty before age 59{.
Using this key, readers of prognosticatory harangues in this space were able to discern beforehand the passage of the Republican-deporked crime bill, as well as the president's sudden willingness to let Congress go home to mull over ever-less-toxic health legislation.
This suggests the October Non-Surprise, the multinational, multicultural, multimedia invasion of Haiti, with air cover by CNN, with the Congressional Black Caucus in the second wave to take the surrender, and with a nice boost in the polls for Clinton before Election Day.
David Schwartz be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
D-1392 IN THE MATTER OF DISBARMENT OF CARTER BLEDSOE It having been reported to the Court that Carter Bledsoe, of McLean, Virginia, has been disbarred from the practice of law by the District of Columbia Court of Appeals and this Court by order of May 23, 1994, having suspended the said Carter Bledsoe from the practice of law in this Court and directed that a rule issue requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred; And it appearing that the said rule was duly issued and served upon the respondent and that the time to file a response has expired; It is ordered that the said Carter Bledsoe be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
Cairo, Jr., of Corona Village, New York, has resigned from the practice of law before the Appellate Division, Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, and this Court by order of May 23, 1994, having suspended the said Joseph G.
Cairo, Jr., be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
D-1399 IN THE MATTER OF DISBARMENT OF ROGER JAMES AGAJANIAN It having been reported to the Court that Roger James Agajanian, of Mission Viejo, California, has resigned from the practice of law before the Supreme Court of California and this Court by order of June 6, 1994, having suspended the said Roger James Agajanian from the practice of law in this Court and directed that a rule issue requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred; And it appearing that the said rule was duly issued; It is ordered that the said Roger James Agajanian be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
Pegg, of Sacramento, California, has resigned from the practice of law before the Supreme Court of California and this Court by order of June 6, 1994, having suspended the said Joel T.
Pegg be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
Thomas Hunt, of Culver City, California, has resigned from the practice of law before the Supreme Court of California and this Court by order of June 6, 1994, having suspended the said A.
Thomas Hunt be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
Yamada be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
Warner be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
D-1406 IN THE MATTER OF DISBARMENT OF JOHN DANIEL BRENNAN It having been reported to the Court that John Daniel Brennan, of Evanston, Illinois, has been suspended from the practice of law by the Supreme Court of Illinois and this Court by order of June 13, 1994, having suspended the said John Daniel Brennan from the practice of law in this Court and directed that a rule issue requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred; And it appearing that the said rule was duly issued; It is ordered that the said John Daniel Brennan be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
Anast be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
Beller, of Miami Beach, Florida, has resigned from the practice of law before the Supreme Court of Florida and this Court by order of June 13, 1994, having suspended the said Louis R.
Beller be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
Vander Vort be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
D-1412 IN THE MATTER OF DISBARMENT OF JOSHUA LEDERBERG It having been reported to the Court that Joshua Lederberg, of Babylon, New York, has been disbarred from the practice of law by the Appellate Division, Supreme Court of New York, Second Judicial Department, and this Court by order of June 27, 1994, having suspended the said Joshua Lederberg from the practice of law in this Court and directed that a rule issue requiring him to show cause why he should not be disbarred; And it appearing that the said rule was duly issued and served upon the respondent and that the time to file a response has expired; It is ordered that the said Joshua Lederberg be disbarred from the practice of law in this Court and that his name be stricken from the roll of attorneys admitted to practice before the Bar of this Court.
And while the polls show Wilson currently only neck and neck with Brown and the governor's job performance rating the lowest in modern history, Gorton is all confidence during these dog days of summer before the real campaigning has begun.
You got it! Just get out of Cuba quickly before its entire population either drowns at sea or pops the seams of Guantanamo's fences.
``Ten years ago, it would have been unheard of,'' said Trump, who had never dealt with Hong Kong or Southeast Asian investors before the Riverside South deal.
Trump said he had never dealt with investors from Hong Kong or Southeast Asia before, but on this project he found himself facing offers from four Asian companies -- two from Hong Kong, one from Singapore and one from Malaysia.
It is being released Saturday, just 10 days before the start of the Ten Days of Awe, the period from Rosh ha-Shannah to Yom Kippur, a time of reflection and repentence.
We lapse into a brief analysis of where we've been and where we are, but before we can finish the thought, one of us, self-deprecatingly, is describing our lack of fitness.
The problem is that news about so-called miracle drugs travels fast, and before you know it, troublesome pets all over town will be popping pills, much like the troubled humans around them.
The problem is that news about so-called miracle drugs travels fast, and before you know it, troublesome pets all over town will be popping pills, much like the troubled humans around them.
The local GMC district office -- perhaps annoyed because Chevrolet seems to get all the publicity -- arranged for a road test of a cherry-red 1995 Jimmy four-wheel-drive long before Chevy was prepared to get us a test vehicle, so here's our assessment of the new model: Pretty neat.
CONTROVERSY CONTINUES TO FOLLOW PAULING AFTER HIS DEATH AT 93 SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-PAULING-LEGACY-2TAKES-HNS) Like Moses, Linus Pauling died before reaching his goal: the Promised Land of a truly scientific ``alternative medicine.'' Now his intellectual heirs -- the leaders of the Linus Pauling Institute of Science and Medicine in Palo Alto, Calif.
In Nature magazine in 1990, Oxford University chemist R.J.P. Williams wrote of Pauling: ``From being a public figure of high stature with an idealistic philosophy, to being viewed as a lonely crank, is indeed a fall as great as in any classical tragedy.'' The first intimate look into the institute's inner workings in more than a decade came just before Pauling's death.
Workers must also undergo a strip search before and after every shift, and are captive in the plant all day.
Lucrative papers from blank checks to unused traveler's checks pass before workers' eyes every day.
The index of the ``Microsoft Windows for Workgroups and MS-DOS 6.2 User's Guide,'' which had probably not been opened before, listed ``screen images, capturing'' on ``V3 94-95'' for ``copying onto the Clipboard.'' Presumably ``V'' meant ``volume,'' although the guide was one book.
To copy the desktop, the Windows screen that appears before you start an application, press Print Screen, a key toward the upper right of the keyboard.
Mehta, had only once glimpsed the Moghul monument before he began a crusade through the courts to save it.
Apparently, the lovelorn Princess Diana made no memorable utterances when she viewed the Taj Mahal alone before her breakup with Prince Charles.
Mehta, had only once glimpsed the Moghul monument before he began a crusade through the courts to save it.
Apparently, the lovelorn Princess Diana made no memorable utterances when she viewed the Taj Mahal alone before her breakup with Prince Charles.
The next day, Dell came through, but a CD-ROM video that ran smoothly before the crash now stutters and jerks.
Still, it is disconcerting (if, again, unsurprising) that nobody caught the problems before selling the machines to customers.
spokesman Dean Kline, the problems occur only in XPS P90 machines shipped before Aug.
Once newspaper employees were able to successfully complain about roofing tar dripping on their heads, it was just a matter of time before they were able to win concessions on other matters, such as indoor plumbing, pistol shooting, spitting, and, of course, smoking.
Environmentalists say the polystyrene-acrylic cases remain in waste dumps for 1,000 years before degrading; when burned in trash incinerators, they produce toxic fumes and ash.
Young canvasbacks and other diving ducks are abandoned several weeks before they can fly.
They spend the entire winter together and return to their original nesting place the following spring before the group breaks up as the adults begin a new brood and the year-old birds venture off on their own.
Many women, especially those who have established their names in careers before marriage, include their new middle names in their married names.
As Atlanta Braves president Stan Kasten pointed out, ``The eight teams that need the system to change the most are in charge.'' Giants managing partner Peter Magowan said just before the strike that the combination of poor and hard-line clubs ``are so determined that there must be a change for them to survive that they'll veto any proposal which does not contain this change.'' On the other side are the large-market clubs that are making so much money that a change in the system is no big deal, if not a detriment: the two New York teams, the Dodgers, Blue Jays, Braves, Rockies, Marlins, Orioles, and Red Sox.
``If Mikhail Baryshnikov wants to go golfing while he's here (he did), I'll try to find him a golf partner (the limo driver who picked him up).'' Violinist Itzhak Perlman's pianist always wants a plain cheese sandwich on white bread, followed by a chocolate candy bar, before he performs.
She catered one cast party with macrobiotic food long before most folks knew how to pronounce the word.
The day before, she takes him around town and he selects his prop table and chair.
He selects the glass from which he sips water while he's onstage, as well as three glasses that Christensen will fill with Czech beer (Pilsner Urquell) shortly before his performance is over (so that they're ready for him to drink immediately after he walks offstage).
Sock in hand, three hours before show time, Christensen hit the stores, searching for just the right black ribbed socks in a sea of black socks.
``I know she still loves the game, but she's not so happy about everything that goes along with it.'' The Open lost its first-seeded player Monday before the tournament had even begun when 16th-seeded Petr Korda of the Czech Republic withdrew because of a strained groin.
Oliver survived two rounds before losing to Roger Smith of the Bahamas in the third and final qualifying round.
When people are strangled or their hearts miss a beat, Weinberg said, they lose consciousness immediately, passing out long before a lack of blood flow could damage brain cells.
``Oh, it got fairly hot and heavy,'' the British-born producer said with a slight smile as he sat back recently at the Bel Air Hotel before flying back to London.
The language, attitudes and incessant batterings confirm and even celebrate a narrow, shallow, destructive vision of existence that cannot be redeemed merely by the bad guys being eviscerated before the final credits.
It can be achieved only by precisely controlling the positions of pieces of the rings before joining them together in a chain.
One of the tools essential to the synthesis is the chemical equivalent of a carpenter's jig, a molecule that can be used to hold raw-material components in their correct relative positions before joining them with permanent electronic bonds.
In his early teens, Combs developed a lifelong love for flying and, by his mid-20s, had his own business (Combs Aircraft) before taking leave to develop pilot training programs for the military during World War II.
Julie, meanwhile, seeks to cut herself off from every reminder of her life before the tragedy -- until she encounters mounting evidence that her husband had kept big secrets even from her.
 (BC-LEAH-PERSONALS-SFCHRON) ``Many would have reservations about taking an oath of allegiance to someone who has become a first-class twit.'' 	-- Canadian MP 	When Britain's trendy Tatler magazine asked 	``I never met her before,'' Welch told New York magazine, ``but I find her very funny and provocative and -- thank heavens -- not politically correct.
Women stars today -- I'm thinking of 	Aiken made plans for the project, which will take place two days before the start of pageant week, with Habitat for Humanity, the foundation with which 	The newsletter Inside California reports that California Senate Bill 250 was signed into law on July 21.
 (BC-LEAH-PERSONALS-SFCHRON) ``Many would have reservations about taking an oath of allegiance to someone who has become a first-class twit.'' 	-- Canadian MP 	When Britain's trendy Tatler magazine asked 	``I never met her before,'' Welch told New York magazine, ``but I find her very funny and provocative and -- thank heavens -- not politically correct.
Women stars today -- I'm thinking of 	Aiken made plans for the project, which will take place two days before the start of pageant week, with Habitat for Humanity, the foundation with which 	The newsletter Inside California reports that California Senate Bill 250 was signed into law on July 21.
The camps were established in the years just after World War II, before Britain adopted restrictions on coastal development.
ABC didn't spend very much for the four hours, and Spelling's production company is owned by Blockbuster Entertainment, who put up most of the production money and plans to distribute the show on videocassette before it ever airs on the network.
Now, of course, true crime stories are an everyday event on TV, with many of them coming quickly on the heels of the real event, oftentimes before the case ever reaches the courts.
Never mind that it is generally recommended to chew food before swallowing.
``It could turn out to be the best thing that Denver ever did with its money,'' Wood said, before hurrying with his wife to catch a bus.
``There's an interesting story about what this was before it was a car dealership,'' Willis said.
The year before, $28.4 million.
``We believe there is a far greater likelihood now and in the foreseeable future that Congress will take it more seriously than they have ever taken it before.'' The continuing exemption actually helped cause the strike in the first place, one player lobbyist said.
Ito of Superior Court asked the defense for more paperwork before deciding wether he would study the personnel records for possible release.
On Saturday, the Islamic Group, Egypt's most violent underground organization, claimed responsibility for a fatal attack on foreign tourists in the south the day before and warned all foreigners to avoid the conference or risk their lives.
Bijeljina had about 30,000 Muslim residents before the war.
The school year begins on Thursday, and, for the first time, Palestinians will be in full charge of their own classrooms -- not Israel and not Jordan, which held the territory before 1967.
The Palestine Liberation Organization says it lacks the cash to run the departments, but the donor countries insist that before they hand over large sums, the PLO must first agree to internationally accepted accounting methods.
Faulk will be the glittery star tailback and franchise player, a runner who NFL experts believe will be like few others before him.
While some suggested that the plane had mechanical problems, others said that that was highly unlikely because the surveillance planes undergo rigorous scrutiny before they undertake a mission.
DOW GAINS 17.8 AS IT STRIVES FOR 3,900 LEVEL NEW YORK  (BC-MARKET-450&ADD-NYT) For a moment Monday morning, the Dow Jones industrial average leaped nearly 30 points, before falling back and closing at 3,898.85, up 17.8 points.
But the rise Monday, coming after last week's surge of 125.65 points, may signal a period of husbanding the market's gains in the usually quiet week before the long Labor Day weekend.
Aristide was a popular priest in Haiti before his election to the presidency.
``I feel that the Kansai International Airport, together with the development of the Osaka Bay area, will let the region's economy and its culture flourish as never before,'' said Tetsuro Kawakami, chairman of the Kansai Economic Federation.
A Bosnian Serb reversal before then seems virtually impossible.
In pressing the Bosnian Serbs to compromise, the ``contact group'' has abruptly uncovered a new ally in the Serbian president, Slobodan Milosevic, who armed and backed the Bosnian Serbs before deciding recently that their leaders are ``war profiteers'' who have gone far enough.
But when Jerry asked me, I thought it was a joke.'' Standing in the Fox compound beneath Soldier Field an hour before Saturday's game, Bradshaw said: ``I can't think too much about all the pressure on us.
It's just a technical problem.'' After Fox tested itself for the last time before its work really counts on Sunday, Madden and Summerall walked into the temporary Fox office.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Vincent was a beloved religious and human rights leader in Haiti long before Aristide's name was even known.
But in Haiti, it is not unusual for years to pass before retribution comes.
A few days before the start of school, there is no firm figure on how much the initiative will cost.
Able to live what she described as a normal life in the first year of the war, she ended up cowering in hiding before increasingly arbitrary intimidation from Bosnian Serbs.
``You'll see him supporting four or five things, basically insurance reform, then waiting to see how they work out before going any farther.
Last week, in the first rush, the Coast Guard picked up 13,600.) ``Tell my mother that I have gone and that I am very happy,'' Marbel Betancourt Gonzalez said just before she jumped into the turquoise waters of Cojimar to scramble onto a rubber and wooden raft with 10 others.
His family grew tobacco and corn on their small parcel of land, but the inequities of life before Castro's rule left the countryside poor of many of the things that Cubans now have, he said.
As emotions rose and legal maneuvering intensified three weeks before the start of jury selection, Judge Lance A.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) As the exchange grew sharp, Ito firmly interrupted, saying that in his courtroom ``only one person gets to talk at a time, and right now, that's me.'' Ito did not rule on the question of releasing the personnel files and asked the defense for more information before deciding whether he would study those records for possible release.
``I am astonished Seles is not around by now,'' Tiriac said, before following Ivanisevic out the door.
I think we need enough time left in the season to be meaningful.'' He declined to define ``meaningful,'' but he did acknowledge that players would need time to work out before resuming the season.
The measure was introduced three weeks before the final day of session and swept through two Assembly committees with waivers from end-of-session deadlines.
In order to be sent to the governor, it must be heard and approved by both houses of the Legislature before Wednesday's midnight deadline to adjourn.
-- August 29, 1994 -- NY-WACHTLER, 8-29 -- The Brooklyn Community Correction Center, a halfway house on Myrtle Avenue, will be Sol WachtlerUs residence for the next 30 to 60 days before the former Chief Judge of New York State can be released on probation.
-- August 29, 1994 -- NY-WACHTLER, 8-29 -- The Brooklyn Community Correction Center, a halfway house on Myrtle Avenue, will be Sol WachtlerUs residence for the next 30 to 60 days before the former Chief Judge of New York State can be released on probation.
-- August 29, 1994 -- NY-WACHTLER, 8-29 -- The Brooklyn Community Correction Center, a halfway house on Myrtle Avenue, will be Sol WachtlerUs residence for the next 30 to 60 days before the former Chief Judge of New York State can be released on probation.
Geddes, who graduated from the University of Rhode Island in 1974 and earned a master's degree in business journalism from the University of Wisconsin in 1976, was a general assignment reporter at Reuters and Dow Jones before being transferred by A.P.-Dow Jones to Bonn in 1978.
They signed him to an offer sheet before the '93 season, but the Chargers matched it the same day.
Wachtler, the former chief judge of New York state, Monday became a resident of the Brooklyn Community Correction Center, a halfway house where he is to spend the next 30 to 60 days before being released on probation.
The Senate's Law and Public Safety Committee released a bill on Monday that would require prosecutors to notify the police 90 days before a convicted sexual offender is released from prison.
``If this bill was in place before, Megan Kanka would be alive today.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
--Evaluate the effectiveness of treatment for sexual offenders at the state-run Adult Diagnostic and Treatment Center, at Avenel, N.J. Speaking before the Senate committee earlier in the day, Deborah T.
But the statement should have come as no surprise: he preached the same doctrine as an academic and before Congress.
Bailey, who holds no harsh feeling toward Reeves, said he then told Reeves that the entire situation was unfair and that the coach should have at least given him a chance to play middle linebacker before benching him.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Bailey, 29, who led the team in tackles last season with 136 (Johnson had led the team in tackles the season before he was let go), disputes what some team officials say privately -- that he wasn't as hungry as he was last season.
Brooks, who said the move makes him somewhat uncomfortable, was surprised that the team waited until six days before the start of the regular season to make major changes.
NEW IDEAS ON SEQUENCE OF SUBWAY SHOTS NEW YORK  (BC-NY-COPS-SHOT-445&ADD-NYT) Investigators looking into last week's shooting of a transit police officer are exploring the possibility that the city police officer who mistakenly fired on his plainclothes colleague was himself wounded either before he opened fire or while he was shooting.
A senior law enforcement official with knowledge of the investigation said Monday that detectives believed a uniformed transit officer might have shot the city police officer in the arm before he had emptied his revolver into the transit officer, rather than afterward.
It is expected to be weeks before the district attorney decides whether to put the case before a grand jury.
6, the day before the defense wanted to schedule a motion hearing.
Ito agreed, saying ``We have to follow the procedure in a fairly strict manner.'' He noted the court would need information as to what the defense considered relevant before reviewing the documents to determine what should be turned over.
AT ONE SCHOOL IN BROOKLYN, GREATER EXPECTATIONS IN MATH NEW YORK  (BC-NYC-SCHOOLS-MATH-500&ADD-NYT) Joyce Coppin has heard the naysaying before.
Not only this summer, in the months before a plan to raise the city's high school math and science standards takes flight.
Preparation began the year before, with teachers and assistant principals from her 24 high schools spending time after school and on weekends learning new teaching methods.
With just two weeks remaining before the Democratic primary, Sharpton is given little chance of defeating Moynihan.
On August 18 he went in for a couple of tests and the doctor hardly let him get his pants on before he was back and telling him he needed an operation.
He called the fires ``too hot, destructive, dangerous and too ecologically, economically, aesthetically and socially damaging to be tolerable.'' He added: ``It is time to begin to apply what we have learned with a new vision of what we want from our forests and our forest managers.'' In the hearing before the Senate subcommittee on Agricultural Research, Conservation, Forestry and General Legislation, Thomas performed a balancing act that avoided offending both the timber industry and the environmental community.
Gibbens pauses before answering.
``There is a considerable amount of people,'' SWC commissioner Steve Hatchell says, ``who wish they could go back to the NCAA structure before the Georgia-Oklahoma suit.'' The final year before the Supreme Court ruling, 241 regular-season games (9.4 percent) were televised live.
National network ratings have fallen from an average of 12.4 in the 15 years before the end of the NCAA television plan to an average of 6.4 since.
If not, let's make some decisions for next year.'' Owner Ewing Kauffman had the Royals enter the market for high-ticket free agents as, in failing health, he sought to win one more championship before his death.
What happened is this: The week before a Halloween game against Florida State, Virginia told ABC officials that Parents Weekend commitments prevented the moving of the starting time from 7:30 p.m. to a 3:30 p.m. television window.
To think, the NCAA title game didn't even make it to prime time before 1973.
We play a game at 9:30 in the morning in Los Angeles after kids just played the night before.
The CFA 1996-2000 package in place before the SEC's defection would have paid the SWC and Big Eight a combined $80 million.
Nobody has done that before.
He would stuff himself with peanut butter and jelly sandwiches before he went to sleep.
The oldest, Lance, received a football scholarship to Washington before injuries ended his career.
He was 6-7 with a 2.46 ERA at Charleston before the promotion.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Vincent was a beloved religious and human rights leader in Haiti long before Aristide's name was even known.
But in Haiti, it is not unusual for years to pass before retribution comes.
We just have to know what the facts are before we talk about it.'' During the investigation of the rental-car violation, Dodds said NCAA officials informed Texas representatives about the possibility that Pinkney might have made a trip to Los Angeles in late May or June.
After visits to the KRTH-FM (101.1) studio, the team was rushed to Disneyland for a parade with Mickey Mouse and company, before heading back to Northridge for a second parade back to the field of dreams where weeks ago their odyssey began.
``Look at the attitudes of all these people,'' he said, gesturing at the crowd filling the bleachers before the ceremony began.
A Lockheed spokesman said the merger was announced just after midnight, hours before the stock market opened, because of the considerable speculation on Wall Street and in the news media.
 (BC-FBC-PIGSKIN-LADN) Fresno State has been playing football since 1921 but never before had to worry about Ohio State on its schedule.
Ohio State used the Disneyland Pigskin Classic as a blocking-sled exercise for its massive offensive line, then staged a coming-out party for split end Joey Galloway -- yes, he's already being pumped for the Heisman Trophy -- and routed Fresno State 34-10 Monday night before 28,513 at Anaheim Stadium.
The unbeaten Colombian used a five-inch reach advantage and a phenomenal number of punches to take Julio Cesar Borboa's International Boxing Federation super flyweight title by a stunning 12-round split decision before 4,056 spectators Monday at the Forum.
A Lockheed spokesman said the merger was announced just after midnight, hours before the stock market opened, because of the considerable speculation on Wall Street and in the news media.
Throughout my checkered public school career, the refrain was the same as I stood sheepishly before some principal named Joe Don or Bubba, or a counselor wearing pince-nez glasses and a ceaseless frown: This is going to go on your Permanent Record.
I had to hire one of those liberal ACLU lawyers to sue the school and go before Judge William Wayne Justice, who put me back in school just five days after Principal Tommy Joe promised me I would never again darken the door at LHS.
For instance, there's the book I never saw before that contains valuable material on the Florida Panhandle, where I was born and swarms of my relatives settled.
I went to visit him a few years ago and met his wife and collected a copy of his first book, ``Pioneering in the Panhandle.'' He was not at home, and before I could get back down there, he died.
Now put this column down before you get a paper cut.
Nunn also filed a case before the employee grievance system called the Merit Systems Protection Board, saying he, too, was unfairly charged with misconduct and transferred from his management position.
Senteney also denied he profited from the transactions, saying that he had a lot of expenses associated with the horses before he could sell them to the government.
The purchase also occurred even though a procurement official had ordered it stopped weeks before, said the investigating officer in that case.
``Sometimes before they open their mouths.
So somebody that you saw a year before that you just kind of rejected out of hand because they weren't the type, this year they might be exactly what you need.
The script for Grand Hotel took over a year before Thalberg was satisfied.
As dedicated O.J. junkies will recall, Simpson had a deal to sign 2,500 football cards before the recent unpleasantness.
The Condom The penis is covered with a sheath before intercourse to keep the sperm from joining the egg.
Either of these products is inserted deep into the vagina before intercourse to keep the sperm from joining the egg.
Schools have 30 days to prove otherwise before SPRE begins its work.
If substantially more students receive federally backed funds than in the year before.
That's when Whitney's company, which last year changed its name from Vindicator to Food Technology Service Inc., was told that FDA approval was needed before irradiated chicken could be packaged in polystyrene trays -- the same way untreated chicken is now.
coli and salmonella problems is to clean up the meat and poultry plants, which a recent Food & Water newsletter described as ``plagued by grotesque and inhumane animal husbandry practices (and) filth.'' The Mulberry irradiation plant consists of a large warehouse, where products are stored before radiation, and a 2,800-square-foot vault with six-foot-thick concrete walls.
If the Dallas Cowboys win a third straight Super Bowl with the tandem of Jones and Switzer, is it just a matter of time before Martin and Lewis reunite on an NFL sideline?
She waited outside the clinic for nearly four hours before receiving treatment for her boy.
I did hear whisperings before Susan Cheever (his daughter who was still a child in our only encounter) made formal revelation in her family memoir, ``Home Before Dark,'' published a few years after her father's death.
The strong man was auctioned once before at Sotheby's -- not as an arcade machine but as a piece of folk art -- when it was sold from the collection of Frederick Fried in 1983.
Never before has a tribe declared defunct by the federal Bureau of Indian Affairs had the opportunity to challenge such a ruling before an administrative judge.
Big Brother is here today with a sledgehammer.'' Hajda traced Samish social history from the days before the Guemes Island longhouse to the present.
There is no point in having a peephole if a guest does not use it before opening the door, Davis said.
Tom was a production analyst before he got multiple sclerosis.
LAST ROUNDUP MAY NOT BE KATZ'S FINALE LOS ANGELES  (BC-ORLOV-COLUMN-LADN) With Assemblyman Political consultant That statement resulted in Englander being called on the carpet by Katz for speaking out of turn -- the consultant never checked with the assemblyman before making the statement.
The ``democratization'' of the exam began a long while before the score decline, as Charles Murray and Richard Herrnstein demonstrated in an article in the Winter 1992 issue of the magazine Public Interest.
Then those kittens had kittens so fast that multiple generations were flashing before our eyes.
These are full-size VHS camcorders that take the same big tape cartridges as home VCRs. Relics of an era before the age of miniaturization, these models are bulky and heavy.
Then those kittens had kittens so fast that multiple generations were flashing before our eyes.
Ever since last December, when they re-signed 17 of their own players to front-loaded contracts in a matter of days just before the contracts would have counted fully against the cap, the 49ers have worked the new system better than any team in the league.
The trumpet call, simply named ``Call to Post,'' is a traditional sounding 10 minutes before the start of each race and means the horses should leave the paddock and come to the track.
The bell is rung seven times 17 minutes before the start of each race.
Filmed in a schizophrenic mix of styles and operating on an infinite number of levels, the bloody satire finally has nothing to say that hasn't been said before.
 (BC-MINI-MOVIE-REVIEWS-5thtake-LADN) THAT'S ENTERTAINMENT! III: More song-and-dance treasures from the MGM vault, this time accompanied by outtakes, behind-the-scenes footage and never before seen production numbers.
	``Everyone in the area loved her, and I think if I had 25 Donna Shalalas, I wouldn't be having such a tough battle in the American League East as I am.'' 	The letter was written, of course, before the baseball strike, which put a perhaps temporary end to the battle.
	``Everyone in the area loved her, and I think if I had 25 Donna Shalalas, I wouldn't be having such a tough battle in the American League East as I am.'' 	The letter was written, of course, before the baseball strike, which put a perhaps temporary end to the battle.
It may be that the dish originated with the Romans, who came to Andalusia with their genius for using stale bread and introduced a method of soaking it before pureeing it with garlic, olive oil, vinegar, salt and water.
Or one might say that it's raw soup, except sometimes the ingredients are cooked before chilling.
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 265 calories, 20 grams fat, 0 milligrams cholesterol, 90 milligrams sodium (before salting), 4 grams protein, 20 grams carbohydrate.
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 275 calories, 20 grams fat, 0 milligrams cholesterol, 90 milligrams sodium (before salting), 4 grams protein, 25 grams carbohydrate.
Miller lives in Little Rock, Ark., but spent years in Boulder, Colo., much of it spent drinking beer and watching Big Head Todd and the Monsters before they got on the radio with songs such as ``Bittersweet'' and ``Soul for Every Cowboy.'' He drove up to Memphis because he knows the band personally.
A lot of bands I grew up hearing didn't have staying power -- it was the age of plastic and MTV -- and these guys have staying power.'' Standing in the concourse before the music began, Will Cross told much the same story.
They were happening way before Woodstock.'' But, though H.O.R.D.E. has drawn well since beginning in Cleveland in mid-July, it hasn't received nearly as much attention as Lollapalooza or Woodstock.
The problem is that news about so-called miracle drugs travels fast, and before you know it, troublesome pets all over town will be popping pills, much like the troubled humans around them.
The problem is that news about so-called miracle drugs travels fast, and before you know it, troublesome pets all over town will be popping pills, much like the troubled humans around them.
Mehta, had only once glimpsed the Moghul monument before he began a crusade through the courts to save it.
Apparently, the lovelorn Princess Diana made no memorable utterances when she viewed the Taj Mahal alone before her breakup with Prince Charles.
Mehta, had only once glimpsed the Moghul monument before he began a crusade through the courts to save it.
Apparently, the lovelorn Princess Diana made no memorable utterances when she viewed the Taj Mahal alone before her breakup with Prince Charles.
Brandon, who is using the same technique, explained that ``people prone to depression have illogical thoughts that are not self-serving.'' For example, instead of thinking ``This is something I can master if I put my mind to it,'' a person prone to depression might conclude ``I could never do that,'' even before trying.
New suits should always ask a few questions before putting their teeth in motion.
By law the authorities need permission from prisoners or their families before organs are removed.
They said corpses from ethnic minorities ``will not be utilized in the Han (Chinese) regions.'' The regulations say an inspector must be at the execution site to verify the prisoner's death before the corpse can be removed.
By law the authorities need permission from prisoners or their families before organs are removed.
They said corpses from ethnic minorities ``will not be utilized in the Han (Chinese) regions.'' The regulations say an inspector must be at the execution site to verify the prisoner's death before the corpse can be removed.
Long before they enter the ring, they are confined in pens where they are teased and prodded in order to make them more short-tempered.
This nightmare sequence is dropped into the film shortly before Enrique Ponce, the 20-year-old torero who is the film's representative bullfighter, does battle with a particularly feisty animal.
The night before a match, Ponce is shown in church lighting candles to the Virgin Mary.
The findings may suggest, Mortensen said, that the new policies are forcing patients out of the hospital before they have stabilized enough to flourish on their own.
6:00 p.m. It was an hour before closing at Jam Down Cuisine, at 98 Willoughby Street (near Duffield Street).
The night before, Derrick Jackson, the cook, had chopped the chicken, bones and all, and let it marinate in curry, onions, allspice, tomatoes, garlic and seasoned salt.
Then let it sit a few hours before serving.
The IRA has tried truces before but for the most part they have been limited to the Christmas period, lasting 72 hours.
The soybean acreage that was rated good to excellent dropped to 66 percent from 71 percent the week before.
The military government was only waiting until its hold on the people had tightened before carrying it out.
 (BC-QUAKE-TRAUMA-2ndtake-LADN) Others, like Tate, feared quakes before Northridge, and those pre-existing conditions have made their recoveries harder.
Tate said that just hours before the shaking began, he had a premonition of a quake.
But Watson said he knew his children must be screaming, but couldn't hear them because he had taken out his hearing aid before going to bed.
Michael Elling, a New York analyst with Oppenheimer & Co., said it could be a year or so before Sprint felt much impact from Drums.
So that gave me the big insight into Bernadette, that sense of having been in the wrong body most of her life.'' Fortified by Morris' book, Stamp held sessions with transsexuals, asking them about their lives before and after the operation, their relationships with men, the practical everyday problems of dealing with a body that now was female but once had been male.
The university won a court stay of the order to shut down, however, and is operating pending a hearing before an administrative law judge, said Alfred A.
Castro has held some Cubans back since just before these talks, but that isn't proof that he is a man of his word.
Bill Clinton wasn't the only politician who said so year before last.
The total bill for health care will be more after reform than it was before, they fume, then go to the back room and produce still another coalition decopage.
He was cast into Stalin's prisons and ultimately was forced to leave the country before the authorities deprived him of his Soviet citizenship.
But ``don't ask'' was a principle of the Democrats long before it was applied to gays in the military.
Just before one of the House votes on the crime bill, the Republican National Committee forwarded to all House Republicans a hot note from the Alaska GOP demanding that ``real Republican candidates'' be found to challenge the 38 Republicans who had earlier voted for an assault rifle ban.
In his rookie season with the Giants, Reeves cut one of the most popular players on the team in Pepper Johnson only days before the first game.
After about two weeks, the union settled for about what Bettman offered before the walkout.
My only regret is that we couldn't have done it before the summer was over.'' 
	Six weeks before the shotgun slayings of Dr. John D.
And short of trying to block the merger, the government may also order the companies to sell off certain divisions before approving the deal.
A native of Chattanooga, Wasson had lived for 27 years in Hillsborough, Calif., a suburb of San Francisco, before returning to Tennessee, according to a Pacific Bell statement.
Although Wasson resigned his Bank of America directorship four months before the lawsuit, federal lawyers still named him in the complaint.
He spent almost 24 years in Bell system positions in the South before being named vice president for public relations in 1950 at Northwestern Bell Telephone in Omaha.
That was very painstaking.'' The pianist used similar methods to teach himself a lot of the ragtime and early jazz that he has been playing for a living since shortly before graduating from the Norwegian academy in 1978.
``She's just as dysfunctional as everyone else on that show.'' Even before her success on ``Roseanne,'' for which she won Emmys in 1992 and 1993 and an Emmy nomination for the past season, Ms. Metcalf grew quietly famous in theater circles for her poignant portrayal of marginal characters and her intense performances -- the kind of visceral acting perfected by the Steppenwolf Theater Company in Chicago, of which she is a founding member.
That was very painstaking.'' The pianist used similar methods to teach himself a lot of the ragtime and early jazz that he has been playing for a living since shortly before graduating from the Norwegian academy in 1978.
Architects seldom get to do much building before they're 50, and beyond that, a movement that defined itself in opposition to authority was bound to have a rough time claiming an art that is traditionally bound to the status quo.
Options activity in Lockheed stock does not indicate any real leak before last Wednesday, when there was a flurry of trading late in the day.
Woods has been visiting Sarajevo regularly since 1992, before the shelling began.
That decade brought to a climax romantic impulses that had been coursing through the culture for more than a century before Jimi Hendrix busted up his guitar.
Here's young Ray Aibelli (Jeremy Davies) heading home to suburban Connecticut in the spring, after a successful year at MIT, just to say hello, so he thinks, to his depressed Mom before going on to a spiffy internship at the Surgeon General's office in Washington.
McAuliffe explains: ``Those Osages whose Indian blood quantum was one-half or higher would have to demonstrate Christian values of sobriety and fiscal responsibility before being issued a certificate of competency.'' All others would have a a guardian appointed by the court, and that guardian was invariably a local white businessman or lawyer.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Jackson would not elaborate on the club's decision to use him as a backup, but his words indicated that the move was not a complete shock, and that the Giants may have been thinking along those lines before Monday.
But the critical question for the Clinton administration is: how far to support, and how far to believe, the man whose vision of a Greater Serbia was the vehicle of his rise to power and the centerpiece of his hold on it before he turned on the Bosnian Serbs three weeks ago and cut them off by closing the Serbia-Bosnia border?
Krajicek, who stands 6 feet 5 inches, who is the only player to defeat Pete Sampras this summer, appeared to be shrinking across the net from his Dutch rival and former traveling partner, before a packed house out on Court 16 at the National Tennis Center.
He said long-term investors did not want to wait for the lagging effect on the economy of the Fed's last five interest rate increases before making strategic investment changes.
Each had his scholarship offer fall through at Arizona State and attended junior colleges before being accepted at universities in Los Angeles.
``Shake them.'' The scene is to give way to a dream sequence of Simpson running on a football field, before sneaking off to a friend's house.
The airship was leased by Pizza Hut two months before the accident for a $6 million campaign tour.
But American officials also said that they plan to give tighter economic sanctions a chance to work before resorting to force.
But traders are likely to remain cautious in the typically quiet week before the Labor Day weekend.
``I was asked if we had thought about that possibility,'' Fehr said, ``and I said, yes, but a long time before the strike started.
It noted ``substantially less'' optimism than before about the economic situation of families six months hence, with particular pessimism about jobs.
Tuesday the stock traded as high as $66.375, before closing at $65.875, up $2.125 from the Monday close.
``It's just a sign of the times (because) it will be a long time before you see any new defense programs down the pike.'' And unlike recent corporate abandonments, this one never gathered public attention.
``It's just a sign of the times (because) it will be a long time before you see any new defense programs down the pike.'' And unlike recent corporate abandonments, this one never gathered public attention.
CUBANS CONTINUE TO MAKE A STEADY EXIT FROM THEIR HOMELAND HAVANA  (BC-CUBA-225&ADDS-NYT) Cubans continued to make a steady exit out of their homeland on handmade rafts on Tuesday, making haste before political changes here and in Washington that they fear could prevent them from taking to sea.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Just before the storm set in, a man in a blue polo shirt stood on the beach looking out to sea through a pair of binoculars.
That was before the Soviet Union cut off subsidies to Cuba, setting off an economic crisis that led to an enormous gap between wages and the price of goods.
Five double faults were the only glitch in the Graf arsenal during her 6-2, 6-1 dismissal of 19-year-old Anne Mall, a 139th-ranked Californian who had never before appeared in a Grand Slam.
According to the two executives, merger discussions began shortly before Martin Marietta decided not to match Northrop's higher bid for Grumman last March.
They said Tellep called Augustine on a Saturday before final offers were due for Grumman, suggesting that whatever the outcome of the Grumman bidding, Lockheed might be interested in merger talks.
``We have no reason to believe that it won't happen but we usually like to wait until a lease has been signed before we announced a new location,'' the spokesman said.
Last week, before the weekend pause, more than 13,600 had been picked up.
The final planning for their escape, Travis said, was done a week before the murder.
He admitted, however, that he had taken the two knives used in the attack from his family's gun cabinet a week before the attack and took them to Thompson's house.
In the mercurial networking market, 3Com has slipped before.
Six weeks before the shotgun slayings of Dr. John Britton, 69, and his escort, James Barrett, 74, the man charged with their deaths, Paul Hill, was charged with disorderly conduct and violating the city's noise ordinance while protesting in front of the Ladies' Center abortion clinic here.
Never before had an American court allowed defendants to be punished by banishment.
Clarkson Hine, a spokesman for Dole, said Tuesday that the senator had taken this action because of unresolved issues concerning the trade agreement, and not from any desire to avoid giving Clinton a political victory shortly before the November election.
``Compuserve is moving in fast before the rules are set.
In the mercurial networking market, 3Com has slipped before.
Gossett, a lawyer with the Transit Authority, said that because the appellate court was divided 3-2 in its ruling, the agency would exercise its right to bring the case before the Court of Appeals.
Martin Marietta had tried to acquire Grumman in March before being outbid by Northrop.
She was headmistress of St. Katherine's School for Girls in Davenport, Iowa, for eight years before going to Greenwich.
Morgenthau would ``use discretion'' and not put evidence before a grand jury.
``There have been numerous other shootings that have not been put before a grand jury.'' Brian O'Dwyer, the lawyer for Robinson and his family, said he found it inconceivable that Morgenthau would not allow a grand jury to consider criminal charges.
With only two weeks remaining before the primary, Ms. Burstein is the only Democratic candidate who has yet to broadcast television commercials.
In 1950, four years before the Supreme Court outlawed school segregation in Brown v.
He went before the Supreme Court seven times to argue cases involving discrimination in public schools, public housing or other public accommodations.
``She will have to be charged as an adult, indicted and arraigned before we will find out when the case may come up for trial,'' Hubert said.
McNeil faced No. 1 Steffi Graf on center court at Wimbledon before a packed crowd all there to see the defending champion.
Smashnova gained two break-point opportunities before McNeil double-faulted again to fall behind 3-2.
Speaking before Republican town committees, Rotary clubs and other groups, he slips in just on time, or a few minutes late, so that he has everyone's attention the moment he arrives.
In it, he called for life in prison for career criminals, making all felons serve more time before parole and cutting prison costs by contracting with other states to take Connecticut inmates.
``Corey just happens to be bigger than Carlton, but Carlton still feels that he is capable of taking on those 270-pound guards that will be coming at him, and he proved that last season.'' Bailey, who played five seasons with the Buffalo Bills before joining the Giants and bumping the popular linebacker Pepper Johnson off the roster, realizes that regaining a starting spot will take time.
The 29-year-old Treadwell, a field-goal kicker, was originally signed by New York from Denver before the start of last season.
Testifying before a City Council committee, officials of the Department of Youth Services said the changes reflected a shift in policy on how contracts were awarded, taking into account the strength of the proposals submitted by the community organizations.
He said the decisions on providing money to agencies were made before he became Commissioner a month ago.
GOODHUE LIVINGSTON, CITY PLANNER, DIES AT 97  (BC-LIVINGSTON-OBIT-NYT) Goodhue Livingston Jr., an independent investor and a former member of the New York City Planning Commission, died on Sunday at his home in Wainscott, N.Y. He was 97 and was active as an investor until shortly before his death.
Williams averaged 3.3 points and 11.1 minutes a game last season when the Knicks made the NBA finals before losing to the Houston Rockets in a seven-game series.
But even though those programs have survived political potshots before and the defense industry's consolidation may not directly affect Boeing's market share, the memo and the merger increase the pressure on Boeing to make a move, some analysts said Tuesday.
He expects junior-college transfer Nathan Parks and freshman Geoff Wilson to contribute before long.
Lockheed operated its famous Skunk Works in the Los Angeles-area city of Burbank for many years before moving the operation to Palmdale in a downsizing effort.
Conte said it will take three or four months before Portugal gets his strength back.
Rogers has been pitching off the mound, both at Candlestick and at San Jose, where he threw in front of manager Dusty Baker before a recent Class A Giants game.
As former ABC Sports president Roone Arledge puts it, ``There is nothing I know that I can think of where the impact of television has been as great as on the Olympics.'' The year before ``Wide World'' went on the air, CBS became the first network to televise the Olympics.
ABC, which didn't even have a sports division before 1960, was looking for a sports presence in the early part of the year.
Only hours before the deadline to meet the advertising requirement demanded by the network, the R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. placed an order.
Always before in the labor negotiations, the television contract basically would bail out the mistakes.
Patrick Ewing, Olajuwon, Jordan, James Worthy and Danny Manning had spent so much time on CBS's ``Road to the Final Four,'' they were household names long before they reached the NBA.
Neither Courier, who improved his domination of Krickstein to 4-0, nor his 43rd-ranked opponent had ever before faltered in the U.S. Open's opening round.
``It looks even better than before the earthquake,'' said Tim Tessalone, sports information director for University of Southern California, which will play the University of Washington Saturday at the Coliseum.
``We're just now getting documents (from prosecutors) that were prepared six weeks ago,'' Shapiro said, ``and these scientific results are released to the press before we see them.'' ``That won't happen after today,'' Ito vowed.
Last week, before the weekend pause, more than 13,600 had been picked up.
``We hope it will be terminated before an 18-month period.
Smith, the Rangers' No.1 draft pick in 1990, is scheduled to spend four to six weeks in rehabilitation before beginning a throwing program.
He assured the offensive line's intactness when, in 1993, he re-signed guard Dave Szott and extended center Tim Grunhard's contract before either became an unrestricted free agent.
Last week, before the weekend pause, more than 13,600 had been picked up.
``We've been together for nearly a whole week,'' he said before leaving Tuesday for the East Coast.
``We've been together for nearly a whole week,'' he said before leaving Tuesday for the East Coast.
Brandon, who is using the same technique, explained that ``people prone to depression have illogical thoughts that are not self-serving.'' For example, instead of thinking ``This is something I can master if I put my mind to it,'' a person prone to depression might conclude ``I could never do that,'' even before trying.
Well, they almost had a murder a few weeks before, he said.
The aroma of frying conch and snapper, caught that day and cleaned by Bowleg just before the boat left Potter's Cay in the late afternoon, and spicy pigeon peas and rice drifted into the cabin.
He brought us through tough times before.'' H.
I thought we'd have taught that by the third year here, but we did not.'' Asked what would happen if Kentucky should lose to a school it hasn't deigned to play since before the Depression, Curry said: ``We'd get ready to play Florida the next week.
``No one's ever had the chance before.'' The Silver Bullets' purpose is to give women a chance to play a game previously off-limits.
``These players had never been able to play baseball before -- except for T-League, maybe,'' Niekro said.
I don't think it'll be too long before a woman is in a minor-league camp.
In April, he went to Bristol and qualified fourth with a car that went on to dominate the race before a late caution put Bodine back in the pack, where an accident caught him.
He led 168 of 500 laps, the most of anyone, before his engine blew on lap 456.
Both the British and Irish governments last December said that the IRA must permanently renounce violence and demonstrate its commitment for three months before it could participate in the stalled peace talks.
The case before the state high court involves the admissibility of a test that police administer to suspects in drunken-driving stops -- the horizontal gaze nystagmus, or HGN test.
I'm sick of losing.'' The 35-game streak actually began in 1989, when the Panthers went 3-8 just before the university decided to drop the football program for financial reasons.
In the first year back to football in 1991, Alabama State took a 72-0 halftime lead on Prairie View before winning 92-0.
Together, the five football coaches teach 31 classes, which means meetings and videotapes often are put off until after 10 p.m. Players also do chores around the athletic facilities, including carrying planks of plywood to the football stadium before games so that players and fans can have a walkway.
And the media latched onto it in a hurry, faster than a scandal-craving public could say, ``Did you see `Hard Copy' yesterday?'' Simpson was all but convicted in the media before he was officially named as a suspect.
And Simpson had barely been arrested before columnists and TV commentators were debating the odds that he would be sentenced to the gas chamber.
Some cases were reported before Thanksgiving last year.
Even before the merger was announced, Lockheed was planning to cut yet another thousand positions from its Bay Area payroll, to bring total employment at Sunnyvale down to just over 11,000 by year end.
Siegel, of the Pacific Studies Center in Mountain View, Calif., said even before the merger Lockheed employees were voicing concern that the company was getting ready to ``bail out'' of Sunnyvale.
WILLIAM HURT RESURFACES, AS A CHARACTER ACTOR  (BC-HURT-FILMS-2TAKES-$ADV04-NYT) Just before ``Body Heat'' opened in 1981, the film's star William Hurt, then 31 years old, described himself to Judy Klemesrud of The New York Times as a character actor trapped ``in a leading man's body.'' Reminded of the comment 13 years later, Hurt smiles and says, ``Well, I'm not so trapped anymore.'' If it was Hurt's goal to become a character actor, he may have achieved it, particularly in two new films.
The problem is that news about so-called miracle drugs travels fast, and before you know it, troublesome pets all over town will be popping pills, much like the troubled humans around them.
The problem is that news about so-called miracle drugs travels fast, and before you know it, troublesome pets all over town will be popping pills, much like the troubled humans around them.
By law the authorities need permission from prisoners or their families before organs are removed.
They said corpses from ethnic minorities ``will not be utilized in the Han (Chinese) regions.'' The regulations say an inspector must be at the execution site to verify the prisoner's death before the corpse can be removed.
By law the authorities need permission from prisoners or their families before organs are removed.
They said corpses from ethnic minorities ``will not be utilized in the Han (Chinese) regions.'' The regulations say an inspector must be at the execution site to verify the prisoner's death before the corpse can be removed.
``We are happy to be here,'' the 28-year-old lieutenant recalled saying to the people of Vierzon, a town on the Cher River liberated by the French resistance five days before.
``The award gets screwed up before the fact,'' said Robinson.
The problem is, of course, that Herb Stempel probably did not know the answers to all those questions, even though, as he mopped his brow before millions of viewers, he offered a pretty good imitation of somebody who did.
As the movie unfolds, Goodwin is shown coming across a former ``Twenty-One'' contestant named Snodgrass who before appearing on the show had sent registered letters to himself containing the questions he was later asked on the air and the answers he was given.
The letters, still sealed, were proof that Snodgrass had the answers before the dates of his show appearances.
Yohn added: ``The whole mechanics of the fixing were known to the public before Goodwin got into the act.'' Other details have been altered for dramatic effect.
``Ironically,'' Freedman said in an interview shortly before the opening of the movie, ``the film is fixed.
He has traced the course of the Zambezi River, skimming the gorge before the torrent plummets 170 meters over the mist-shrouded edge of Victoria Falls on the Zambia-Zimbabwe border.
He has traced the course of the Zambezi River, skimming the gorge before the torrent plummets 170 meters over the mist-shrouded edge of Victoria Falls on the Zambia-Zimbabwe border.
We'd never seen anything like it in the Irish theater before.'' Friel reveals his protagonist's inner life by dividing him into two parts: Gareth O'Donnell, 25, who will be leaving the village of Ballybeg for America on the morning following the play's action, has an outer and inner self.
Employment at his plant peaked at 30,000 in 1930 before the Depression and rose again to 28,000 during World War II.
``You see women in all kinds of positions you never saw before,'' said Quirini.
And this was long before the critical and public rejection of his opera ``Antony and Cleopatra,'' commissioned for the opening of the new Metropolitan Opera House in 1966.
``If workers need special services; for example, if they've worked in one job for many, many years and thought that they were going to stay in that job, they may need more intensive services,'' added Do. She said her agency had planned to open the center even before Tuesday's layoff announcement.
``We have to determine what we need to do to get services to them, hopefully before they exhaust their unemployment benefits, so they can get a new job or get on track in school or in an apprenticeship program,'' she explained.
Judge McCabe cited a ``reasonable impression of partiality'' on the part of the NASD as the basis for her order because, while the claim was pending before the NASD, Charles Schwab had accepted a position on the NASD Board of Governors.
We intervene before the young man or young woman gets into trouble.'' But David Yassky, counsel to Rep.
I think I hit a wall.'' On this day, the family was packing lunch before heading for the beach.
	POPULATION-VATICAN (Rome) -- Six days before the U.N. population conference in Cairo, the Vatican made an unusual, personal attack Wednesday on Vice President Al Gore, accusing him of misrepresenting the gathering's intentions on abortion.
I think I hit a wall.'' On this day, the family was packing lunch before heading for the beach.
He bulldozed earth to build berms and little hills where before there were none, carved a stream through a meadow that looks as if it had been there since the glaciers melted.
And 750 acres had been sold to Rockefeller University a decade before as a field center for ecological studies, insuring Innisfree's financial security.
I felt this great pull in another direction here, where there is such respect for the land.'' Standing on the old terrace, where Walter Beck used to draw dragons on wet cement before breakfast, she shared her own vision: that Innisfree and Lester Collins's book could change how we see gardens, in much the same way that William Robinson's ``Wild Garden'' shook up the formal English garden 100 years ago.
Just before serving, beat heavy cream until stiff peaks form and cover top of pie with it, if desired.
Let stand at room temperature about 5 minutes before serving.
Remove from freezer 30 minutes before serving and keep chilled in refrigerator.
Just before serving, slice remaining banana and use to garnish pie.
That vision led to ``Grand Illusion'' and ``The Rules of the Game,'' the last film he made before another war drove him from France.
Let stand at room temperature about 5 minutes before serving.
Remove from freezer 30 minutes before serving and keep chilled in refrigerator.
Just before serving, slice remaining banana and use to garnish pie.
Her voice changes, and is prefaced by sighs, before she rapidly spits out what happened in the post-debutante years: She joined a religious cult, was forced into deprogramming, dreamed of killing the father who was trying to save her, and felt abandoned by people who didn't understand what her life was like then.
``I mean, I went public with my Unification Church story before anyone else did and I got involved in recycling before anyone else did.
She talked to church groups, appeared on talk shows, spoke before an informal 1976 panel on religious cults conducted by Sen.
I turned over a T-shirt, and there before me were the cleanest rags I ever did see.
	VATICAN ASSAILS GORE ON POPULATION CONFERENCE 	ROME -- Six days before the United Nations population conference in Cairo, the Vatican made an unusual, personal attack Wednesday on Vice President Al Gore, accusing him of misrepresenting the gathering's intentions on abortion.
Without wanting to detract from the historic moment of the occasion, analysts and diplomats point out that numerous hurdles remain before Sinn Fein, the political arm of the IRA, can actually sit down at the negotiating table with representatives of the British government.
No one in or out of government has actually floated any of them before the wary and conflicting groups of Northern Ireland.
Just hours before the IRA's declaration, a 37-year-old Catholic was shot and killed by the outlawed Ulster Volunteer Force, Protestant paramilitary group.
``That's not Grange Fair.'' In the closing days of August, after the hay has been baled and before the corn is harvested, tents and trailers alike are home to a community of farmers and others who once farmed or who have farming roots.
Raoul Cedras before launching a military attack on his tiny and bitterly impoverished Caribbean nation.
But the Washington state native, who actually racked up a diversified big-screen career before and after the television ``Batman'' of the 1960s, also is frank in his acknowledgment that ``for better or worse, richer or poorer, I'm married to the cape.'' As a featured guest last summer at the Dallas Fantasy Fair, West practiced the stance as ably as he preaches it.
``Batman'' on the tube was a runaway hit, forcing such revisions in the comic-book ``Batman'' that it took years before the printed version regained its forbidding darkness.
The Haitian government had been saying for the last three weeks that it was only waiting for the proper paperwork to be completed before the fuel was released.
One possible outcome is that Cuba and the United States could agree to revert to the status quo before the latest rush of refugees began earlier this month.
And that would mean, in all likelihood, that they would have been imprisoned for an additional year before getting their days in court.
Finally about four days before the draft, I had looked at everyone else so I asked C.O., `Where's the film on Wortham?' He was the last one I was going to look at.
It didn't take long before I was sitting straight up.
He never played special teams before, but he has the skills to help us there.'' The other new face on the line backing unit is Faryniarz, a six-year journeyman who played under Oilers defensive coordinator Jeff Fisher when Fisher was with the Los Angeles Rams and San Francisco 49ers.
``He really knows the defense because he has worked under Jeff before at Los Angeles and San Francisco.
Then came ``Forrest Gump.'' Even before the book was published, the word had reached Hollywood that something unusual was in the offing.
The remainder, along with a group of administrative officers who will complete the turnover of Russian bases, are to leave before mid-September.
NAOHIRO AMAYA, MAJOR ARCHITECT OF JAPAN'S INDUSTRIAL POLICY, DIES AT 68 TOKYO  (BC-JAPAN-AMAYA-OBIT-NYT) Naohiro Amaya, a major architect of the industrial policy that has contributed to Japan's dramatic economic growth, died here on Tuesday, one day before his 69th birthday.
A former Ranger who is a free agent without compensation, Osborne is a 13-year veteran who broke in with Detroit in 1981 and played there for two seasons before moving to the Rangers for almost four seasons.
He was once quoted as saying that his own definition of a movie director was ``like being a lion tamer,'' with the explanation that ``When the lion tamer goes into the cage, he has to give an impression of absolute confidence and relaxation even if he is terrified 10 minutes before.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
To make matters worse for the group, because of a change in the album's release date, some of the most negative reviews were published a full month before the album went on sale last week.
``Critics don't have enough time to really listen to my album before they review it,'' Chuck D said.
In an interview with fans on the Prodigy online-computer service on Tuesday, Keith Richards continued to make provocative statements about Bill Wyman, the bassist who left the Rolling Stones before its current tour.
I started to work with Marco Julic, and it did help me because as we have worked together, I have gotten my confidence back.'' Medvedev, who is almost three years younger than his sister, said it took him until he was 14 before he was able to defeat his sister on the court.
Speaking to reporters for the first time this week, after his team's practice at Nova Southeastern University, the Miami Dolphins' quarterback maintained that he's ``very, very close'' to getting back to where he was before a torn Achilles' tendon in his right leg last Oct.
--Have a bite before you go.
A stock buyback had been expected before the quarterly meeting, the first since Michael A.
``Our continuing strong business results and cash flows allow us the financial flexibility to deliver superior returns.'' The stock traded heavily Wednesday morning, before being halted at $58.875 for about an hour pending company news.
The balance from that program, $290.3 million, will be expended during the fourth quarter, a company spokesman said, before the authority to buy $6 billion worth of additional shares takes effect.
I'd heard his voice the day before, and he sounded so old I thought he must be Tim's boss at his summer job with an inventory service.'' After the call, Shane asked whether DeGraffenreid was in trouble and needed to talk.
Authorities spent about one hour looking for Drummond on Tuesday morning in the Kingdom City area before rain halted their efforts.
Jackson, an unrestricted free agent before signing with the Eagles, was outspoken when he was in New York and he remains that way.
That was before puffy parkas and car coats were worn not only to the mall and ski slope but also to the office and fancy parties.
It was before hemlines bounced like basketballs.
And it was long before what you put together for yourself under the guise of personal style was as valid as what was in the magazines and on Elsa Klensch's television show.
McNatt and the others stayed in the plant for seven days, finally exiting just before Christmas.
But before it was won, the fight took a heavy toll.
He also created dances for the concert stage before his first major breakthrough in theater in 1979 in the Broadway musical ``Comin' Uptown,'' an all-black version of Dickens' ``Christmas Carol,'' which starred Gregory Hines.
While such concerns are easy to disparage, he believes there is ``something important going on in the folk religion.'' ``On this day, when we speak about standing alone before God, it's not just standing before God, it's finding your place in a stable community,'' he said.
The market often rallies on the Friday before Labor Day.
He died just days before he was to deliver Mayor Rudolph Giuliani's greetings to Paris on the 50th anniversary of its liberation.
But barely two weeks before classes start, there is considerable doubt that the school system can meet the challenge it has set for itself.
Long before she got on that bus on Dec.
In the last few weeks, SFM stock has had one of the more incredible runs ever, more than quadrupling in less than four weeks before giving up a part of its gains.
But before running out to buy the shares, it might be worth remembering that SFM reports sales when they are shipped to wholesalers and stores -- not when they are bought by the ultimate consumers, or the parents of those consumers.
Oil from Ardalin now flows 39 miles south to Kharyaga before blending with oil from other fields as it wends its way west.
``It's exciting, something new, and I will certainly go to see what it's like,'' said Parizzi, a goateed fireplug of a man whose parents before him were restaurateurs.
And even before the first rehearsal, Ms. Capp is thinking big.
``I don't think it's ever been done before like this in the United States.'' He said he had talked about crop art at many farm meetings and had found both skepticism and interest, but no reports that it had been tried elsewhere to attract tourists or as a marketing tool for agriculture.
``There have been earthwork artists before and there have been a lot of people over the years who have written messages on the ground,'' Herd said in a telephone interview.
Early Wednesday morning, Clinton set off on what was to have been a family outing, with stops for sightseeing and muffins before a bicycle ride by the sea.
VATICAN ASSAILS GORE COMMENTS ON ABORTION ROME  (BC-POPULATION-VATICAN-494(2TAKES)-NYT) Six days before the U.N. population conference in Cairo, the Vatican made an unusual, personal attack Wednesday on Vice President Al Gore, accusing him of misrepresenting the gathering's intentions on abortion.
At the Japan Open, she beat three Japanese players before reaching, and handling, American Amy Frazier in the final.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) If the United States is serious about giving sanctions a chance it could be several weeks or months before President Clinton orders an invasion.
``It's a matter of days, weeks away, before some kind of decisive action has to take place.'' ``If the president decides to go in, makes a strong case for it, that it's necessary to restore democracy there and to begin to help those people, I think the Congress and I think the American people will support the president,'' he said.
You've heard this spiel before, but I've got very serious doubts whether big-time football is worth it.
``We'll have to grow some before we can do an initial public offering,'' Hancock said.
But the new rules would allow a bank to set aside less capital than before if it and another financial institution engaged in a number of derivative deals with partially offsetting effects.
Company figures show the number of new clients has grown 78 percent since 1990 to 755 this year and the annual caseload is approaching 2,500, compared with 1,000 or fewer before.
Travis testified that a week before the killings he and Thompson wrote a plan of murder and mayhem in a notebook found in his room.
5, weeks before it will be completed.
Ito rejected the request and Marcia Clark, an assistant district attorney for Los Angeles County, said that the defense claim that it needed to review that data before trial was spurious because their previous arguments over how to conduct the testing had delayed its completion by weeks.
State Assemblyman Steven Sanders, a Manhattan Democrat who is the chairman of the Mental Health Committee and a strong supporter of community-based housing, called the government's investigation ``a fishing expedition.'' He added, ``There must be a finding, a showing of probable cause'' before the government invades the privacy of protesters.
Today, his club is faced with publicly embarrassing pay cuts before the opener, uncertainty concerning the futures of key veterans and a crossroads season for its coaching staff.
His troubles with the law, however, began at least two years before.
On Sunday night, shortly before 9 o'clock, Shavon was with a cousin and several other youngsters as they walked home from her aunt's house, just 50 yards from her own doorstep, when the shooter stepped from the darkened lot between the First General Assembly Church of the First Born and the True Church of God Holiness in Christ.
``We'll be filing for an injunction in federal court, asking that the buses be allowed to continue their normal runs at the mall, and they have agreed not to prevent us from making the stops during the court process.'' Finch said that an oral agreement had been reached Tuesday between lawyers for the mall and the transit district, but that the details were still being worked out before a final agreement is signed.
With two federal appeals courts having considered gays in the military, the issue will almost certainly end up before the U.S. Supreme Court.
The claim, filed last month, was legally required before a wrongful death lawsuit could be filed on behalf of Sayon's survivors.
Dick Armey, R-Lewisville, but before that, Snyder made a comment he now regrets.
Snyder has worked at KXAS since 1980, and was a journalist elsewhere for 10 years before that.
And maybe it's just coincidence, but the Raiders seem to have a habit of signing free agents from the 49ers before they play each other.
On a first-and-goal play from the one-yard line, he stopped --ironically -- Rathman for no gain, seeming almost to know the play before the 49ers lined up.
The Haas family has put the A's up for sale, and if they sell the team before next season, the chances of Eckersley returning plummet.
The statements predict cost savings of $71 million in 1995 from the merger, increasing to $122 million a year thereafter before inflation, or $500 million by the end of the 1998 fiscal year.
``The cost savings are very impressive, a monumental achievement that vindicates the wisdom of creating a department-store operation that is national in scope.'' The statement also projects earnings before income, taxes and depreciation as 12.8 percent of sales by 1998 for the combined companies, up from 9.9 percent in the 1995 fiscal year.
He recently testified before the State Assembly, encouraging the passage of an bill that would provide for an ocean-enhancement stamp for the Central Coast.
``I've been on his boats before in 20 feet of water, catching big fish on 6-pound line,'' Cleveland said.
Virg's Landing in Morro Bay, which ran San Simeon for more than 20 years before Valenzuela took over, has been contacted about possibly taking it over, according to Tom Dietrich of Virg's.
He recently testified before the State Assembly, encouraging the passage of an bill that would provide for an ocean-enhancement stamp for the Central Coast.
``I've been on his boats before in 20 feet of water, catching big fish on 6-pound line,'' Cleveland said.
Virg's Landing in Morro Bay, which ran San Simeon for more than 20 years before Valenzuela took over, has been contacted about possibly taking it over, according to Tom Dietrich of Virg's.
She signed up both herself and her husband, Steve, before he could say anything.
Initially, Franklin put in three times as much time as her husband before tapering off to her current regimen of twice a week.
She signed up both herself and her husband, Steve, before he could say anything.
Initially, Franklin put in three times as much time as her husband before tapering off to her current regimen of twice a week.
-- Simpson's friend, attorney Robert Kardashian, testified before a grand jury investigating whether Al Cowlings -- who drove a Ford Bronco carrying Simpson the day he was charged with the slayings -- should be criminally charged.
He recently testified before the State Assembly, encouraging the passage of an bill that would provide for an ocean-enhancement stamp for the Central Coast.
``I've been on his boats before in 20 feet of water, catching big fish on 6-pound line,'' Cleveland said.
Virg's Landing in Morro Bay, which ran San Simeon for more than 20 years before Valenzuela took over, has been contacted about possibly taking it over, according to Tom Dietrich of Virg's.
He recently testified before the State Assembly, encouraging the passage of an bill that would provide for an ocean-enhancement stamp for the Central Coast.
``I've been on his boats before in 20 feet of water, catching big fish on 6-pound line,'' Cleveland said.
Virg's Landing in Morro Bay, which ran San Simeon for more than 20 years before Valenzuela took over, has been contacted about possibly taking it over, according to Tom Dietrich of Virg's.
She signed up both herself and her husband, Steve, before he could say anything.
Initially, Franklin put in three times as much time as her husband before tapering off to her current regimen of twice a week.
She signed up both herself and her husband, Steve, before he could say anything.
Initially, Franklin put in three times as much time as her husband before tapering off to her current regimen of twice a week.
``Mike Shanahan (the former Raiders head coach and current 49ers offensive coordinator) is not content to rest on last year and even the year before.
``I think the last year, maybe even the year before, we got used to each other,'' Young said.
``I need to see your witness list before I can resolve that issue.'' Legal experts said Wednesday they believe Ito might be trying first to determine for the defense what tack prosecutors plan to take on the issue of a murder weapon.
The first time the Tigers offered a $100,000 contract to Al Kaline, he turned ``them'' down, reminding general manager Jim Campbell that he had hit just .278 the year before.
When Philadelphia Athletics slugger Jimmie Foxx won the Triple Crown in 1933, he had to fight to keep owner Connie Mack from cutting his pay (Foxx had slumped from 58 home runs the year before to 48 in '33).
