CBS lost an estimated $500 million on its four-year $1.1 billion contract for televising baseball, which expired after the 1993 season.
Draftees can now become ``free agents'' after five years in the majors, and able to negotiate their terms of employment with any club that wants them.
The reparations idea reflects the frustration of many black Americans that, 40 years after the historic decision to desegregate America's schools, and 30 years after the 1964 Civil Rights Act, blacks still lag behind other Americans in income, employment and education.
Moreover, most of today's Americans are the descendants of people who came to the United States after slavery ended.
They know that history has been appallingly cruel to black Americans; but it is unlikely that most Vietnamese- or Russian- or Mexican-Americans, or even blacks whose families arrived in freedom after 1865, feel culpable about slavery.
The reparations idea reflects the frustration of many black Americans that, 40 years after the historic decision to desegregate America's schools, and 30 years after the 1964 Civil Rights Act, blacks still lag behind other Americans in income, employment and education.
Moreover, most of today's Americans are the descendants of people who came to the United States after slavery ended.
They know that history has been appallingly cruel to black Americans; but it is unlikely that most Vietnamese- or Russian- or Mexican-Americans, or even blacks whose families arrived in freedom after 1865, feel culpable about slavery.
Shortly after their pitch to a client, they break into its voice-mail system and cause havoc.
Shortly after their pitch to a client, they break into its voice-mail system and cause havoc.
Shortly after their pitch to a client, they break into its voice-mail system and cause havoc.
Some underwent the treatment immediately, and others after a delayed period.
All participants were assessed immediately after the therapy and again three months later.
The debate comes after a year of campaigning by Bill and Hillary Clinton, millions of dollars-worth of advertising and lobbying, and endless wrangling by five Capitol Hill committees.
The debate comes after a year of campaigning by Bill and Hillary Clinton, millions of dollars-worth of advertising and lobbying, and endless wrangling by five Capitol Hill committees.
The debate comes after a year of campaigning by Bill and Hillary Clinton, millions of dollars-worth of advertising and lobbying, and endless wrangling by five Capitol Hill committees.
Twenty five years after Woodstock, it is the new counterculture.
She was inspired after conducting a sex education survey among teenage girls and discovering that 82 percent complained that what they wanted to know above all was how to say ``No'' when pressured.
Twenty five years after Woodstock, it is the new counterculture.
She was inspired after conducting a sex education survey among teenage girls and discovering that 82 percent complained that what they wanted to know above all was how to say ``No'' when pressured.
S.F. WOMAN FILES SUIT TO OVERTURN CALIF.'S 3-STRIKE LAW SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-3-STRIKES-SUIT-HNS) A San Francisco woman who refused to testify against an accused car burglar after learning a conviction would count as his ``third strike'' is leading a legal battle against the three-strikes ballot initiative.
Attorney General Dan Lungren's office declined comment after the suit was filed Thursday.
But they have greatly misstated the costs.'' Under the initiative, people convicted of a third felony of any kind, after previously being convicted of two serious or violent felonies, would face a prison sentence of at least 25 years, and probably life.
Reynolds, a Fresno photographer who started the three-strikes campaign after his daughter Kimber (CQ) was fatally shot by a robber outside a restaurant in 1992, said vast amounts of money would be saved by local municipalities who do not have to repeatedly arrest and prosecute criminals who would be imprisoned for life under the initiative.
S.F. WOMAN FILES SUIT TO OVERTURN CALIF.'S 3-STRIKE LAW SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-3-STRIKES-SUIT-HNS) A San Francisco woman who refused to testify against an accused car burglar after learning a conviction would count as his ``third strike'' is leading a legal battle against the three-strikes ballot initiative.
Attorney General Dan Lungren's office declined comment after the suit was filed Thursday.
But they have greatly misstated the costs.'' Under the initiative, people convicted of a third felony of any kind, after previously being convicted of two serious or violent felonies, would face a prison sentence of at least 25 years, and probably life.
Reynolds, a Fresno photographer who started the three-strikes campaign after his daughter Kimber (CQ) was fatally shot by a robber outside a restaurant in 1992, said vast amounts of money would be saved by local municipalities who do not have to repeatedly arrest and prosecute criminals who would be imprisoned for life under the initiative.
The second-oldest, Nate, 17, was diagnosed after tumors formed in his right eye.
And the mother, who had long been Witt's patient and had considered the test after extensive counseling, had strong reasons why she didn't want to know.
It is now Sidekick for Windows 1.0, and using it is like running into an old friend after years of absence.
He had a goatee throughout the 1960s and has a goatee again now, after a goatee-less hiatus of many years.
The researchers have christened the factors netrin-1 and netrin-2, after the Sanskrit word for ``one who guides.'' Their work confirms predictions made in 1892, when the legendary neurobiologist Santiago Ramon y Cajal proposed that axons find their way to their destinations like bloodhounds on a leash, basically sniffing chemicals in their environment and proceeding accordingly.
But, along around the first of August, after we've endured three solid months of 95-degree heat and matching humidity, well, articles about lizard fishing start to look pretty good.
(Morris suggests baiting your paper clip with mealy worms or Jimmy Dean sausage, but, given the fact that lizards eat baby cockroaches, it's hard to imagine them being too particular.) I would like to say that after an hour of diligent fishing (interrupted by occasional beer breaks), I had a cooler-full of trophy-size anoles.
Written in 1969 after King's murder, the tune has been covered by James Brown and Cannonball Adderley.
``Those spikes kept getting my rings,'' she said as she recovered after her first round of competition.
	Undercover investigators negotiated with three members of the group -- two Spaniards and a Colombian who had lived for a long time in Moscow -- and arrested them after receiving the first shipment before any money changed hands, German authorities said Monday.
And after the passage of a generation, the people getting the preferences are not necessarily, as indivduals, the victims of discrimination, and the people who are losing their rights are not, as individuals, necessarily guilty of discrimination themselves or the beneficiaries of discrimination in the past.
But if the criterion for favored treatment in America is prior mistreatment elsewhere in the world, why don't we have it for Polish Jews, or what small remnant of them were still alive after the fall of the Third Reich?
But, after all, that also seemed to be true of the Senate, which divided pretty much along partisan lines in confirming Thomas.
The Italian Social Movement, created in 1945 just after World War II ended, changed its name to the National Alliance in 1992 in an effort to create a new image.
And then after they've proved themselves on the highest level, they ought to be able to sell their services in a free market, like virtually everyone else in America.
Stan Kasten, president of the Atlanta Braves and the Atlanta Hawks, looked at the success of the NBA over the last several years and noted, ``It came when we had a salary cap.'' The cap came in 1984 after the league had been rocked with a series of problems.
Just in case, he and longtime teammate Kirby Puckett hugged in center field after the Twins' last pre-strike game.
Dave Stewart may hang it up after the season.
Anderson is strongly rumored to be on his way out in Detroit after four losing seasons in the last six years, including a last-place standing this year.
Trammell is 36 and unsigned after '94, his future with the Tigers unclear.
Gillick is retiring after the season and handing over the job to long-time assistant Gordon Ash.
Day after day, night after night, they would have matched one another, swing for swing, struggling to surpass the mythic mark of 61 before time ran out in fall's misty chill.
From the first-base line, right over the Mets' dugout, I watched Sandy Koufax launch fireball after fireball into the catcher's mitt -- and the occasional change-up that had Mets swinging before the ball even left the master's hand.
Three years after Maris broke Ruth's record, Curt Flood of the Cardinals refused to accept a trade.
	On hillsides strewn with garbage, beside a creek bed littered with lawn chairs and underwear and rotting scraps of food, many of the men and women packing up after the three-day concert and celebration pronounced their Woodstock the biggest, the wildest, the one with the most births.
For after dark there were dresses of spandex jersey in pink, lime or lilac with slightly flared skirts and double-layered silk georgette dresses in peach over orange and aqua over green.
Three years after Croatia's declaration of independence, the capital is back.
Day after day, night after night, they would have matched one another, swing for swing, struggling to surpass the mythic mark of 61 before time ran out in fall's misty chill.
From the first-base line, right over the Mets' dugout, I watched Sandy Koufax launch fireball after fireball into the catcher's mitt -- and the occasional change-up that had Mets swinging before the ball even left the master's hand.
Three years after Maris broke Ruth's record, Curt Flood of the Cardinals refused to accept a trade.
Indeed, Willis' affiliation with Seagram ended after reports that he had stopped drinking alcohol as a result of efforts to change his life style.
A search of announcements of celebrity contracts yielded 207 examples from January 1980 through December 1992; 110 remained after excluding companies that were privately held or based overseas and made no stock data available.
``It's not much,'' he acknowledged, ``but when you think about the large number of shares in a particular firm, it might represent a substantial sum.'' The study concludes that the average increases in share prices ``reflect the market's general belief that the expected incremental gain from celebrity endorsements exceeds the incremental costs of advertising due to such contracts.'' Kamakura said he and Agrawal hoped their next study would focus on the effects on advertisers when celebrities who endorsed them ``do something wrong.'' For instance, after Simpson's arrest, Hertz was the subject of widespread attention and considerable criticism, even though Simpson had not appeared in advertising for the car rental company since 1992.
The next month, center fielder Kenny Lofton signed a four-year, $6.3 million contract, and the month after that second baseman Carlos Baerga and left fielder Albert Belle agreed to long-term deals.
Although the company told analysts yesterday not to expect news after Tuesday's board meeting, many are still hoping for an announcement.
The 6 months also included an extraordinary charge of $10 million, or 2 cents a share, on early retirement of debt, and after a net charge of $32 million, or 7 cents a share, from accounting changes.
Also present was Janice Payne of New Orleans, whose 9-year-old son, James Darby, was killed in a drive-by shooting just 9 days after he had written the president asking him to ``stop the killing in this city.'' Earlier in the day, House Speaker Thomas Foley, D-Wash., signalled a willingness to compromise with Republicans over the bill.
Now, three weeks after she turned 18, she feels good again, and her life is taking unusual turns.
But no decision looms difficult for her, not after that she has gone through.
Stone said he began ``Natural Born Killers'' shortly after completing ``Heaven and Earth,'' the third and least successful film of his Vietnam trilogy, after ``Platoon'' and `Born on the Fourth of July.'' ``I wanted to have fun,'' he said.
Dr. Michael Merzenich, a neuroscientist at the University of California in San Francisco and an expert on how the brain gets reorganized after new experiences, is working with Tallal in devising new techniques for dyslexic children.
The hope is that their brains, after hearing the sounds for the first time, will develop alternative pathways for processing them.
GERMANS SAY RUSSIAN SECURITY SERVICES INVOLVED IN PLUTONIUM SMUGGLING MUNICH  (BC-GERMANY-NUKE-2TAKES-NYT) The German authorities said on Monday that the suspected smuggler of weapons-quality plutonium arrested after flying in from Moscow last week had delivered the first part of what was to be a shipment of four kilograms in a $250-million deal that almost certainly involved members of Russian security services.
Undercover investigators negotiated with three members of a group of two Spaniards and a Colombian who had lived for a long time in Moscow and arrested them after receiving the first shipment before any money changed hands, the German authorities said on Monday.
Bavarian investigators at a press conference on Monday said that an undercover operative made contact with Torres in Munich in July after receiving a tip on July 19 from German intelligence that a Spanish-Colombian group was looking for buyers for a large quantity of Russian plutonium 239, which is used to build bombs.
When they did, they detected a shielded cylinder inside, enough evidence to arrest Torres and his companion after he claimed the bag, and to pick up the Spanish mechanic in his hotel room.
Not long ago he was called the next L.T. After last season, particularly after the Chiefs' last game, the only reference to L.T. was Thomas being set for a Long Tumble.
Paul Azinger, just back to golf after a battle with cancer, is the only other American in the top 10.
He thought he'd won the 1 1/16-mile turf race, and so did jockey Chris Antley, who tempted fate by remaining aboard Marvin's Faith even after Gary Baze dismounted Unfinished Symph.
Before finishing fifth in Saltgrass' division of the Oceanside Stakes -- after a bad start -- Marvin's Faith was briefly a claiming horse.
But after a sixth in the Hollywood Futurity, ``we decided to go back to square one.'' Marvin's Faith got his confidence back against the cheaper competition.
Grossman, 23, who upset Martina Navratilova, Julie Halard and Zina Garrison-Jackson, each time after havng lost the first set, fell in a final for the ninth time in nine tries.
``Now the people who bought tickets for the weekend are cheated out of seeing Martina,'' said Diamond, who was fuming in the press tent after the upset.
In 1966, the company bought the old Astor Hotel in Times Square; in 1968, after razing the hotel, the company built a 54-story office tower on the site, One Astor Plaza.
Delaying the film until after the trial, as Simpson's defense attorney Robert Shapiro has asked Fox, would merely affect the film's ratings, not the service of justice.
But after generations of tampering with nature, nature has begun to exact its revenge.
And so it could be for Chinese women after centuries in which the supply of potential brides equaled demand, and they could be -- and were -- treated as chattel.
A result is that even after the age of 30, women, especially educated women, have few prospects.
His reputation flowered after his retirement, when he taught part-time at Chatham College and at Columbia and wrote voluminously.
His reputation flowered after his retirement, when he taught part-time at Chatham College and at Columbia and wrote voluminously.
Then he was sent back to Columbus after a one-month stay in the majors.
This happened after a year of emotional trials.
And except for his inability to hear, Joe 3d, now 3, is a ``healthy little boy.'' He has some catching up to do with motor skills after not learning how to walk until he was 22 months old.
For three decades after World War II, incomes mostly rose, but in the early 1970s, the progress stopped.
Since then 80 percent of the nation's households have failed to gain ground, after their incomes -- mostly in wages -- were adjusted for inflation.
As a consultant, he conducts personnel seminars at corporations and advises companies on matters like how to calm workers after big layoffs or how to handle highly productive but difficult workers.
Moore, the Jets' top draft pick in the 1990 supplemental draft, suffered the injury late in the first half when he slid after an incompletion and his wrist rolled under his chest.
``The play right after I broke it, I dived again and hurt it again.
I even blocked some people after that.
Carroll showed the same upbeat attitude he displayed after his team lost its opening exhibition game against the Lions, or after it had defeated the Eagles on Saturday night.
He began the offensive after Islamic extremists killed five French citizens in Algeria.
And on Sunday, the minister for environmental affairs, Shin Sakurai, was forced to resign after declaring that Japan's wartime attacks, which took an estimated 20 million lives, actually benefited Asia.
He was the second Cabinet member in three months to resign after seeking to temper Japan's responsibility for the war.
Tellingly, Murayama backed away from the shift a day after it was taken, frustrating those who still believed rapid change was in the offing.
Some of the Palestinians arrested on Monday were freed after being questioned and warned against involvement in violence.
Dr. Mahmud Zahar, a prominent spokesman for Hamas, said after his release that the detentions ``served no one but Israel.'' 
3 at a State Department meeting of environmentalists, industry groups and other interested parties, Wirth called on the audience to ``prepare together for the inevitable next steps under the climate treaty.'' ``As a first priority for the future, we need to set an aim that can guide our efforts for the initial period after the year 2000,'' he said.
On hillsides strewn with garbage and abandoned tents, beside a creek bed littered with lawn chairs, underwear and rotting scraps of food, men and women packing up after the three-day festival, and even scavenging in the litter, pronounced their Woodstock the biggest, the wildest, the one with the most births.
She said they were taken from her by a security guard at the hospital Friday night after she had been knocked unconscious when a crowd of dancers lifted up a man and tossed him in her direction.
Last Friday, after Canadian regulators seized the company, a court in Georgia gave that state's insurance regulator authority to rehabilitate a subsidiary in Atlanta with $381 million in assets.
They will race a mile and a quarter, the same distance as the Kentucky Derby -- in which Tabasco Cat ran sixth and Holy Bull ran 12th after a rough trip on a muddy track.
But after a few hundred thousand people recover from fatigue and hypothermia, the bigness will loom larger in memory than either the disarray or the corporate aura that hung over the festival from the beginning.
Bob Dylan, the enigmatic icon who snubbed the festival in 1969, received a welcoming roar, and responded with vivid, rekindled versions of one 1960s masterpiece after another.
Then he was sent back to Columbus after a one-month stay in the majors.
This happened after a year of emotional trials.
And except for his inability to hear, Joe 3d, now 3, is a ``healthy little boy.'' He has some catching up to do with motor skills after not learning how to walk until he was 22 months old.
And then after they've proved themselves on the highest level, they ought to be able to sell their services in a free market, like virtually everyone else in America.
Stan Kasten, president of the Atlanta Braves and the Atlanta Hawks, looked at the success of the NBA over the last several years and noted, ``It came when we had a salary cap.'' The cap came in 1984 after the league had been rocked with a series of problems.
Instead, after it was concluded in 1968, the U.S., Britain, and the Soviet Union made identical declarations to seek ``immediate'' action by the U.N. Security Council to assist any state that signed the treaty if it were attacked or threatened by a nuclear power.
Gene Green, D-Texas, who voted with Clinton on Thursday after earlier opposing the assault weapons ban, said Monday he could see ways the bill could be made more attractive to black lawmakers and conservatives.
I heard there's a lot of pretty women in Georgia.'' Brian had joined his friends after arriving earlier in his white 1984 Dodge Charger.
No, he said, he would never have dreamed of driving after her.
Under the proposal, all professionals who have worked in the industry 10 years or less would have to take part in an outside computer-based training session after their second, fifth and 10th years as licensed practitioners.
Most of the spending increases that were approved in conference with the Senate after the bill passed the House last April went to allocations for the hiring of police officers, FBI and DEA agents, and prosecutors, they said.
``And right after that, the National Federation of Independent Business conducted a press conference back in my district where they criticized my position as too liberal.'' In the midst of an interview in his office, which is spit-and-polish orderly and decorated in a military motif, he received a call from Hank Barnette, the chief executive officer of Bethlehem Steel, which has a giant plant in his district.
Cost estimates for the more recent catastrophic-care program -- repealed only a year after enactment -- were similarly wide of the mark.
His father, a Marxist lawyer, named his three sons Vladimir, Ilich, and Lenin, after the founder of the Soviet state.
Ms. Lewis and her associates sent the first referral in the Madison case to the Justice Department in late summer of 1992 and submitted the second referral in the fall of 1993, after Ms. Lewis and her colleagues learned to their surprise that Justice Department prosecutors had declined to prosecute after getting the first referral.
The sweetened bid was announced after the stock market closed Monday.
Costello, who has been in place for only 18 months, initially attracted attention after he sold off some underperforming divisions and snipped away at costs.
American Home made its proposal earlier this month after American Cyanamid and SmithKline Beecham, the big British drug maker, showed signs of getting together.
But after any last hope of a quick settlement faded over the weekend, many players began to hit the road.
The Discovery Channel, which Ms. Otte took over several months after its launch in June 1985, has grown from seven million to 62 million households.
The group included Steven Sposato, whose wife Jody was killed in a mass murder in San Francisco last July; Janice Payne, whose 9-year-old son, James, was shot in the head in a New Orleans park on Mother's Day, nine days after he wrote to Clinton to tell him that ``I think that somebody might kill me''; and Marc Klaas, whose 12-year-old daughter, Polly, was abducted last October from a slumber party at her home in Petaluma, Calif., and killed.
Aid to some 31,000 Burundian and Rwandan refugees was suspended on Monday after relief agencies withdrew their personnel following an attack on Saturday night on a building housing the office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees in Kirundo, about 125 miles north of Bujumbura.
A federal grand jury, ordered convened by U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno in January, has heard evidence over the last six months in the killing of Rosenbaum, a 29-year-old rabbinical student who died after he was attacked by a group of youths.
Many came back after attending the original concert in 1969, while others ditched the crowds and commercialism of the Saugerties anniversary show and kept driving.
On Sunday night, Sid Bernstein, the original promoter of the 25th anniversary concert, got on stage after Havens performed ``Freedom,'' and announced plans for a permanent site on the property now owned by June Gelish, a Brooklyn woman.
Coffee prices surged after a report showed frost damage to Brazil's crop was worse than what had been expected.
``We're going into the elections now hoping that the process will be transparent and credible and that with our vote we will be able to change the way things are.'' Compared with the agitated mood in 1988, this year has been characterized more by uncertainty over what will happen in the days after the election than by anger in the streets before the vote takes place.
Now, after the ruling party has accepted several defeats on the state level and has been weakened by infighting, there is a real sense that change could come through the election process.
The group included Steven Sposato, whose wife Jody was killed in a mass murder in San Francisco last July; Janice Payne, whose 9-year-old son, James, was shot in the head in a New Orleans park on Mother's Day, nine days after he wrote to Clinton to tell him that ``I think that somebody might kill me''; and Marc Klaas, whose 12-year-old daughter, Polly, was abducted last October from a slumber party at her home in Petaluma, Calif., and killed.
``I never got knocked down in that fight,'' Breland said recently after teaching a class.
``You are going to hear more about privatization.'' It is a truism that voters do not pay attention to politics until after Labor Day, and Pataki seems intent mostly on raising money and getting his name out right now.
At the clambake, after about half an hour of shaking hands, people began to cry for him to take the microphone.
Elena Stern, spokeswoman for the Insurance Department, said that Garamendi would likely make a ruling shortly after the Aug.
The woman, Leesa Roland, claimed that he picked her up by the neck, choked her and threw her into a hallway after an argument.
None of the injuries were serious, although the car, which derailed after passing over a switch, was mangled and ripped open when it hit the wall.
They were escorted to safety on foot after the power was turned off.
In what will be the end of an era, Mo Ostin said today he would step down after 25 years as head of Warner Brothers Records when his contract expires on Dec.
MAN FATALLY STABBED IN LONG ISLAND MALL AFTER ARGUMENT MINEOLA, N.Y.  (BC-NY-MALL-STABBING-NYT) A 19-year-old man was stabbed to death Monday afternoon in the Victoria's Secret store at a mall in Valley Stream after he and three companions got into a dispute with two other men, Nassau County police said.
2, after Balun bashed in the brains of a rat that was eating his backyard tomatoes.
``It was a matter of how an animal that could not escape was mutilated and died a horrible death.'' (Balun says he killed the rat after it poked its head out of the trap; he was worried that it would escape.
And not content to have Bernstein lampooned on the late-night shows, chastised on the editorial pages (``a rat,'' The Wall Street Journal wrote, ``is not a panda'') and scolded by camera-ready politicians, Balun is pressing forward to bring his case to court, even after the Union County prosecutor, Andrew K.
``Part of the Republican program should be to show that we can help to solve urban problems as effectively, if not more effectively, than Democrats.'' With a few reservations, Giuliani generally endorses the crime legislation on principle -- particularly after months of negotiations during which the White House and the bill's chief sponsor, Rep.
Emtman, trying to come back after three knee operations, runs stairs last week at Anderson University in Anderson, Ind.
Emtman, trying to come back after three knee operations, runs stairs last week at Anderson University in Anderson, Ind.
Emtman, trying to come back after three knee operations, runs stairs last week at Anderson University in Anderson, Ind.
O'Brien, 57, who joined Empire in August 1993 after heading Cigna Corp.'s health maintenance organizations and other managed care networks, has been appointed president and chief executive of U.S. Homecare Corp., a financially troubled home health services company that is based in Hartsdale, N.Y. ``It comes as a surprise that he would leave at this point,'' Briggs said.
Sam Nunn, D-Ga., who heads the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, pressed the national Blue Cross association to enforce strict financial standards at Empire, after investigators found evidence of mismanagement under its former board of directors and chief executive, Albert Cardone.
She is merely the first,'' Spivack said, adding that more information would be released after Orehek enters her plea on Aug.
Graysen said Orehek decided to approach prosecutors on her own after she and several other McNall Sports and Entertainment executives received federal subpoenas in April, shortly before they were laid off for financial reasons.
``This was a decision she came to in May after talking to me and her friends and family, that she would come forward and take responsibility for what she had done,'' Graysen said.
Orehek, the mother of a 2 1/2 (one slash two)-year-old son, is a high school graduate and former flight attendant who was promoted several times after she began working for McNall as a bookkeeper about three years ago, Graysen said.
She is merely the first,'' Spivack said, adding that more information would be released after Orehek enters her plea on Aug.
Graysen said Orehek decided to approach prosecutors on her own after she and several other McNall Sports and Entertainment executives received federal subpoenas in April, shortly before they were laid off for financial reasons.
``This was a decision she came to in May after talking to me and her friends and family, that she would come forward and take responsibility for what she had done,'' Graysen said.
Orehek, the mother of a 2 1/2 (one slash two)-year-old son, is a high school graduate and former flight attendant who was promoted several times after she began working for McNall as a bookkeeper about three years ago, Graysen said.
	KFC May Review Its International Job 	The KFC fast-food chain said Monday that it was considering placing in review its international account, with billings of $20 million, after naming Ogilvy & Mather London to handle the creative portion of its account in Britain.
	Ogilvy was awarded the British account after a six-week review that also included J.
	The departure of Cason Nightingale comes less than a month after AC&R was renamed and reorganized into two separate specialty units under Bates U.S.A. in New York.
	---- Joel Portugal, a founder and partner at Anspach Grossman Portugal, New York, will leave the corporate identity and consulting company after 25 years, effective Aug.
The back-to-school season is the second most important selling period for retailers after Christmas.
Royal watchers call it a ``walkabout.'' Child after child -- some of them pulled up over barricades by plain-clothesed Mounties -- presented the queen with flowers.
``I wish I had told her (the queen) to say hello to her mum,'' Adams said after she mentioned the 1930s visit.
But she had no regrets on this day, when for a loyal few, the sun hadn't set on the empire after all.
But overnight, after Peter Gabriel closed the concert with ``Biko,'' shuttle buses to outlying parking lots reduced the city-sized festival to little more than a memory and a mess.
But overnight, after Peter Gabriel closed the concert with ``Biko,'' shuttle buses to outlying parking lots reduced the city-sized festival to little more than a memory and a mess.
``When that happens, the quarterback is going to look for him.'' Shortly after the season, the decision was made to replace Hayes with Cash in the starting lineup.
He has anchored two 30-minute editions of ``Baseball Tonight'' this week, but after Thursday's program, the show may be in hiatus.
Erik and Lyle Menendez have admitted killing their parents, but claimed they had been abused feared for their lives after years of physical, sexual and emotional abuse.
The brothers are awaiting a second trial in the case after mistrials were declared late last year.
I just don't think anyone thought about it and brought it out.'' So Jones tried to bring it out, never mind Tennessee, Nebraska, Washington, California and Arizona, not to mention the major road blocks after Halloween.
He sat out last season after transferring.
Everyone has to build up, and I've had a year layoff.'' UCLA has some experience with linebackers who transferred from Notre Dame after a promising true freshman year.
Field said he likes Jones' size, strength and smarts, but noted that he isn't a clone of Miller, who, after all, was the tenth pick in the NFL draft.
``Right after that I was thinking, I'm successful, I'm starting, I'm in good academic standing, but I'm not happy.
Because it was so close to home, I didn't feel like I was growing up.'' Jones, who said he has no bad feelings toward Notre Dame or Irish coach Lou Holtz, turned his sights to Stanford after talking to several schools, including most of the Big Ten Conference.
A week after arriving on campus, Jones aggravated a shoulder injury and needed surgery.
Royal watchers call it a ``walkabout.'' Child after child -- some of them pulled up over barricades by plain-clothesed Mounties -- presented the queen with flowers.
``I wish I had told her (the queen) to say hello to her mum,'' Adams said after she mentioned the 1930s visit.
But she had no regrets on this day, when for a loyal few, the sun hadn't set on the empire after all.
But in 1988, after he had served nearly 10 years of the sentence, a judge threw out the conviction and ordered a new trial because, he said, the Brooklyn District Attorney's office had withheld information from the defense.
Marchese on the doorstep of her house, at 3 Howe Ave., after she had stepped outside to investigate the sound of the car crash.
Also making his mark, though once dubiously, was rookie Shelby Hill, who caught three passes on a late drive, but fumbled one away to the Oilers at the 2 after heading for what might have been a game-winning touchdown.
Also making his mark, though once dubiously, was rookie Shelby Hill, who caught three passes on a late drive, but fumbled one away to the Oilers at the 2 after heading for what might have been a game-winning touchdown.
That is because Price, after winning Sunday's 76th PGA Championship by six shots, has elected to skip The International Tournament and take off a week to revel in the roll he has been on the past two months.
Austin's Ben Crenshaw, a two-time Colonial winner, paid Price one of the highest compliments possible after the second round of the PGA Championship.
``Nick, right now, is striking the ball as good as anyone since Ben Hogan or Byron Nelson,'' Crenshaw said after Price separated himself from the field by five strokes after 36 holes.
Last night's elaborate halftime show also brought one ovation after another as a large contingent of Hispanics -- dressed in native costume -- filled the football field and performed alongside the Cowboys and Oilers cheerleaders.
Finally, after two tense weeks around the house and a personal visit to campus, Douglas' mother acquiesced.
This season, Arthur and his company bowled with pitcher Kenny Rogers, who can be a free agent after the season.
Aikman (3 of 7, 12 yards) retired after four unproductive possessions.
Bean-by-bean instructions are furnished and midway into the mess the cook is warned, ``It still looks pretty good at this stage.'' But after three hours of simmering it says to ``...smoosh some of the beans against the side of the kettle until it starts looking pretty bad,'' or ``Run the whole mess through the blender.'' And finally, ``If it looks like cement -- it's done.'' So far, so good.
But the plight of Ohio's lakeshore eagles illustrates that even after vast improvement, some of the nation's worst environmental problems remain unsolved.
Eagles are soaring overhead after an extraordinary effort by state and federal biologists and an army of nest-guarding volunteers.
This summer, 16 years after the bald eagle was named an endangered species, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service proposed upgrading its classification to ``threatened.'' That doesn't please biologists monitoring eagles on the Great Lakes.
Eggs collected from the failed nests show elevated levels of toxic chemicals, particularly PCBs. While the manufacture of PCBs was prohibited after the chemicals were shown to cause birth defects, the compounds are still widely used in electrical transformers.
I am certain that some of them put their clothes in the dryer on their first day as freshmen and return for them the day after graduation.
The solution, I think, is a law stating that when a dryer is abandoned 15 minutes after it's finished the cycle, the contents are fair game for whoever wants them.
``They don't even talk amongst themselves; there are incredible interviews with Rose about how Bobby was so depressed after Jack's death.
``One thing about doing a book like this; it makes you want to marry carefully.'' As biographies go, Leamer found this a welcome return to the land of the living after a horrible experience doing the Johnny Carson book.
The Bergman formula is classic farce: take one innocent, mix him into a gleefully debauched, corrupt environment and, after innumerable complications, see him triumph.
In February, Larsen said the crack study was ``essentially finished.'' But Congress asked for more information, pushing release of the study back at least until December -- which may be well after Congress has dealt with the omnibus crime bill, the logical place to amend the law.
The togetherness that he and Swainson exhibit shows the special kind of communication that comes only after much dialogue together, when it becomes as much intuition as it is form.
It's just a little after 6 p.m. and you've been up since 4 a.m. for the 17th straight day of the 21-day press tour.
The gifts had to be withheld after about a half-hour, however, because critics and reporters swarmed John Madden to get their footballs autographed.
Like two rivers born from the same source and then coming back to face each other after a meander through time and terrain, the 1872 mining law and the first national park are in direct conflict here.
Maybe we can design drugs that will facilitate rehabilitation after stroke.
The Buffalo Bill Memorial Museum was opened by longtime friend Johnny Baker a few years after Cody's death.
Cody earned his famous nickname after the hotel venture failed.
The Buffalo Bill Memorial Museum was opened by longtime friend Johnny Baker a few years after Cody's death.
Cody earned his famous nickname after the hotel venture failed.
Only after they were satisfied on this score did French officials ask the Sudanese to move in on the 44-year-old Venezuelan whose presence in their country had been known to France's agents since January, according to Jean-Louis Beauce, a former police official who has written several books on French security matters.
News reports here speculated that the French were tipped off to Carlos's whereabouts by Syria after that country's ruler, Hafez Assad, unceremoniously expelled him last December.
He noted that Carlos, whose left-wing father named him after Vladimir Ilich Lenin, the leader of the Bolshevik Revolution, began as a Moscow-trained agent who was eventually drawn into the Palestinian cause.
Only after they were satisfied on this score did French officials ask the Sudanese to move in on the 44-year-old Venezuelan whose presence in their country had been known to France's agents since January, according to Jean-Louis Beauce, a former police official who has written several books on French security matters.
News reports here speculated that the French were tipped off to Carlos's whereabouts by Syria after that country's ruler, Hafez Assad, unceremoniously expelled him last December.
He noted that Carlos, whose left-wing father named him after Vladimir Ilich Lenin, the leader of the Bolshevik Revolution, began as a Moscow-trained agent who was eventually drawn into the Palestinian cause.
During the sentencing hearing, the boys and their parents told District Judge Sharon MacRae that the priest had ``killed their souls.'' Xavier Ortiz-Dietz, 48, had been the pastor of Sacred Heart Parish in Von Ormy, Texas, and Our Lady Queen of Heaven Parish in Macdona, Texas, before being removed from his duties last year after sexual abuse allegations arose.
BANKERS, ANALYSTS PREDICT POST-ELECTION ECONOMIC BOOM FOR MEXICO SAN ANTONIO  (BC-WALLSTREET-MEXICO-HNS) Despite lingering nervousness in Mexico over what will happen after Sunday's presidential election, a handful of bullish bankers and Wall Street analysts is predicting a peaceful transition of power and booming economic times ahead.
Mostly this is just the post-NAFTA economy asserting itself after being banged about by the Three Horsemen of the Apocalypse,'' he said, referring to the Chiapas rebellion, the assassination of PRI candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio and the U.S. decision to raise interest rates.
Those three events have battered the peso throughout the year and led many to predict that the government might be forced to devalue the currency shortly after the election.
``I don't believe there will any kind of a major devaluation before or after the election,'' said Frank Martinez, senior vice president of Frost National Bank's international division.
German fears escalated after police revealed this week that they seized the largest cache yet of smuggled weapons-grade nuclear material at Munich International Airport last Wednesday.
Q: My brother played football after World War II for Arkansas State Teachers College.
He does whatever balancing tricks are necessary, but he (with help from animal coordinator Bruce McMillan) also manages a remarkable emotional range and wholly justifies the distinction of having a movie named after his character.
The text also includes a vague provision saying that distribution of any ISA ``surplus funds'' should take into account the ``interest and needs of the developing States and the peoples who have not attained full independence or other self-governing status.'' With language this squishy, the PLO or the Irish Republican Army might plausibly assert a claim on any ISA ``surplus.'' The treaty is expected to be presented to the Senate for ratification next year, after which it should be quietly submerged.
But the plight of Ohio's lakeshore eagles illustrates that even after vast improvement, some of the nation's worst environmental problems remain unsolved.
Eagles are soaring overhead after an extraordinary effort by state and federal biologists and an army of nest-guarding volunteers.
This summer, 16 years after the bald eagle was named an endangered species, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service proposed upgrading its classification to ``threatened.'' That doesn't please biologists monitoring eagles on the Great Lakes.
Eggs collected from the failed nests show elevated levels of toxic chemicals, particularly PCBs. While the manufacture of PCBs was prohibited after the chemicals were shown to cause birth defects, the compounds are still widely used in electrical transformers.
``It's nice, but after one day, you wish they'd go away,'' sighed a clerk selling key ring-bottle openers in the shape of a shark.
Celebrities, after all, are no more exotic fare than a plate of fried clams.
She recently returned to the United States after living in Germany for two years and will be traveling across the country for the next few months.
Last week four players spent a night in jail on assault charges after a bar brawl.
He admitted to worrying more about defenders coming after him ``and less about where my receivers were going.'' But retirement also made him recall what he had taken for granted.
They cook quickly, and after he has rinsed and drained them, he arranges them on a simple bamboo platter.
This is, after all, a child's story.
Nodding towards the judge, he then turned to his guards and added: ``He is a star.'' 	But after two hours of closed-door interrogation, during which he was arraigned for planning a bombing that killed one person and injured 63 others in Paris in 1982, one witness said the 44-year-old Venezuelan-born extremist ``emerged less smiling than when he entered.'' 	WASHINGTON (NYT) -- Worried by the prospect of a new flood of refugees, the Clinton administration has asked France to keep its troops in Rwanda to stabilize the situation there.
The colony faltered in the 1950s after land was redistributed to Mexican residents.
Where did the love went?'' He pulled down his catcher's mask, held up a glove for the next slow fastball from the mound, and said, ``Sometimes you ask yourself, `Is it worth it?''' Frazier, a utility player from Oakland, is making $1,200 a month with the Modesto A's -- $400 every two weeks after insurance and taxes -- and is waiting to see if the major-league baseball strike will do him any good.
``Corrina, Corrina'' arrives this weekend after a frustrating delay from early spring.
Dr. Kirkpatrick -- she has a Ph.D. in political science from Columbia University and prefers to use that title -- began her political life as a Democrat and did not formally become a Republican until 1985, after resigning as the U.S. representative to the United Nations.
Kirkpatrick, also a political scientist, is gravely ill after several strokes.
It isn't threatening life and limbs of Americans.'' She also believes that the U.S. government, ``well-meaning Westerners'' in general and the United Nations have no right to interfere in the internal affairs of Africa, where nations are struggling to define themselves a generation after the departure of the colonial powers.
``I look at our failure to predict the rise of fascism after World War I, and then I look at our failure to predict the dissolution of western Communism, and I'm not impressed with our capacity to predict the future or to perceive even the broad political trends emerging.'' All we can do, she says, is ``observe as closely as we can and try to understand what's happening as it happens.'' ``Any more questions?'' she asks when the plates are cleared.
Dr. Kirkpatrick -- she has a Ph.D. in political science from Columbia University and prefers to use that title -- began her political life as a Democrat and did not formally become a Republican until 1985, after resigning as the U.S. representative to the United Nations.
Kirkpatrick, also a political scientist, is gravely ill after several strokes.
It isn't threatening life and limbs of Americans.'' She also believes that the U.S. government, ``well-meaning Westerners'' in general and the United Nations have no right to interfere in the internal affairs of Africa, where nations are struggling to define themselves a generation after the departure of the colonial powers.
``I look at our failure to predict the rise of fascism after World War I, and then I look at our failure to predict the dissolution of western Communism, and I'm not impressed with our capacity to predict the future or to perceive even the broad political trends emerging.'' All we can do, she says, is ``observe as closely as we can and try to understand what's happening as it happens.'' ``Any more questions?'' she asks when the plates are cleared.
In high doses they can result in fractures after just one year of therapy.
German fears escalated after police revealed this week that they seized the largest cache yet of smuggled weapons-grade nuclear material at Munich International Airport last Wednesday.
COFFEE PRICE LEAPS OVER BREWING BRAZILIAN PROBLEMS  (BC-JAVA-JUMP-INDEPENDENT) Coffee prices surged Monday after a U.S. report that predicted a steep drop in the Brazilian coffee harvest next year following recent heavy frosts.
The climb in prices came after publication of a report by the U.S. Department of Agriculture after the markets closed on Friday.
They have lots of problems,'' explained Louis Christopher Mesidor, who said he used to spray the parks of Port-au-Prince for mosquitoes, but fled last month after being jailed for supporting Aristide.
COFFEE PRICE LEAPS OVER BREWING BRAZILIAN PROBLEMS  (BC-JAVA-JUMP-INDEPENDENT) Coffee prices surged Monday after a U.S. report that predicted a steep drop in the Brazilian coffee harvest next year following recent heavy frosts.
The climb in prices came after publication of a report by the U.S. Department of Agriculture after the markets closed on Friday.
Last year, for example, after the pro-Iranian Hezbollah killed eight Israeli occupation troops inside southern Lebanon, Israel deliberately shelled dozens of Lebanese villages, killing more than 120 civilians and putting 300,000 refugees on the road.
Last year, for example, after the pro-Iranian Hezbollah killed eight Israeli occupation troops inside southern Lebanon, Israel deliberately shelled dozens of Lebanese villages, killing more than 120 civilians and putting 300,000 refugees on the road.
Last year two people died after bites from rabid dogs.
``If they come after my dog, I will try to get her to my friends in the countryside, where she will be safe.
Last week four players spent a night in jail on assault charges after a bar brawl.
He admitted to worrying more about defenders coming after him ``and less about where my receivers were going.'' But retirement also made him recall what he had taken for granted.
Eight hours after the bra gig, Matthews sat in the late-afternoon sun outside the Opera House with a few minutes to spare between vocal rehearsals and staging for the opera's fall production of ``Otello.'' ``I'm not famous, and this morning I didn't pretend to be Bobby McFerrin.
``Murder in Mississippi'' leaves no doubt that as courageous as the white visitors were, they could not match the courage of the black Mississippians who would have to stay where the gun and the club ruled after their white friends had gone home.
	Joe's Barber Shop, a fixture on Main Street for decades, reopened after being closed since last Friday.
	The official law enforcement search was discontinued late Sunday evening, and will be continued only after investigation efforts turned up any concrete information, according to Nancy Butterbaugh, press secretary for the Washington County Sheriff's office.
``I'm not Stiller! -- Day after day, ever since I was put into this prison, which I shall describe in a minute, I have been saying it, swearing it, asking for whisky and refusing to make any other statement.
We live out our ideas through our daily lives, after all, and he grasps every nuance of those daily habits and compulsions.
On one hand, the band makes some of the simplest, most primal rock-and-roll around; after 30 years, they continue to play basic blues progressions and write swaggering songs about their virility.
Others waited until after long rides home to post their takes on the 25th-anniversary festival.
Maybe after a millennia or so of seeing foreigners with ``Ephesus Tigers'' on their togas, the citizens grew concerned about quality of life issues and headed elsewhere.
The Hudson, after all, was not likely to take a left turn at Cold Spring any time soon.
Dr. Harold Burger, a co-author of the New York State Health Department report, said the two studies were the first to ``identify the amount of virus as a major determinant of transmission.'' Dr. Weiser said the study had been expanded after her department's paper was submitted for publication.
McMahon took the helm nearly five years ago after spending most of the '80s as a management consultant to the company.
Kansas City Value Line stock-index futures advanced after an aggressive interest-rate hike by the Federal Reserve sent financial markets on a volatile ride.
Kansas City Value Line stock-index futures closed higher after the Fed indicated it was pushing up two key interest rates in an effort to head off inflation.
``After all was said and done, everyone was pleased that that happened.'' Trading was volatile just before and after the Fed announcement, Cave said.
Ethnic Buddhists such as Kansas Citian Duc Doan, who immigrated to the United States after the Vietnam War, will tell you the same thing.
Just after he accepted the city post, he compared it to being ``commissioner of wheat in Kansas.'' ``Culture is our best crop,'' he said.
Just after he accepted the city post, he compared it to being ``commissioner of wheat in Kansas.'' ``Culture is our best crop,'' he said.
``Nobody from Bonham or Honey Grove or Ladonia wants their children to be taught to play basketball after midnight.'' Rep.
It was after the New York trip that she was hospitalized with a stroke.
``I know exactly what will happen after 1997 -- 1998,'' he said.
Corey Raymond, in his third year, returns at the right corner after starting the final nine games there last year.
Wijetunge, who took office after his predecessor, Ranasinghe Premadasa, was assassinated by a suspected Tamil suicide bomber in Colombo 15 months ago, could try to frustrate an opposition victory by holding onto much of his power, including his posts as Defense and Finance minister.
Kumaratunga has said that she will continue the free-market economic policies that were adopted after her mother, a socialist, was defeated in the 1977 election, but seek to give them a ``human face.'' The economic policies of the United National Party government have produced annual growth rates in recent years of 5 to 7 per cent a year, among the most robust in Asia.
A 34-year-old German was arrested there on Friday after reportedly trying to sell a tiny sample, 0.05 milligrams -- a few grains -- of plutonium 239 mixed with other substances to a journalist, who reported the attempt to the authorities, according to Bremen's chief prosecutor, Hans-Georg von Bock und Polach.
The Bremen prosecutor said that the authorities there had no indication that the arrested German man had any connection with two Spanish men and a Colombian arrested in Munich last Wednesday after smuggling in 10 ounces of weapons-quality plutonium 239 on a flight from Moscow.
``If they come after my dog, I will try to get her to my friends in the countryside, where she will be safe.
	Citing a lack of enough consistent business, American Family Cruises said it was ceasing operation after its Sept.
Ticket holders for cruises after the final date can call their travel agents or the line, (305) 377-4130, about full refunds or alternatives.
If you believe the worst about society -- and after an hour of talk show TV that would be easy to do -- it's reasonable to assume that everybody's answer to the three hypotheticals would be an unflinching, unrepentant, ``Yes!'' Make that, ``(begin ital)Hell(end ital) yes!'' These are the days when cheating on all levels -- taxes, welfare, insurance, financial -- barely raises a brow.
(Stock saw a woman return an eighth wallet -- unopened -- to a store clerk, after which the money disappeared.) Granted, the rate of return wasn't quite as high as in Money's sample, but folks are often more noble in concept than practice.
``I would suggest that we encourage our young to stay home, do their homework and get a good night's sleep before school the next day, not stay up till after midnight playing sports,'' he said.
If you believe the worst about society -- and after an hour of talk show TV that would be easy to do -- it's reasonable to assume that everybody's answer to the three hypotheticals would be an unflinching, unrepentant, ``Yes!'' Make that, ``(begin ital)Hell(end ital) yes!'' These are the days when cheating on all levels -- taxes, welfare, insurance, financial -- barely raises a brow.
(Stock saw a woman return an eighth wallet -- unopened -- to a store clerk, after which the money disappeared.) Granted, the rate of return wasn't quite as high as in Money's sample, but folks are often more noble in concept than practice.
In the premier issue, after Husk divides, a colleague allows as how this might be a little disgusting.
There, he saw hurdles that gave way when struck and then bounced back after the white runners had passed.
Somehow, the bruises hurt more after his visit to the white school, McCord recalled.
When allied forces moved into northern Iraq after the Persian Gulf war they set up a security zone to entice 1.5 million Kurds who had fled to Turkey and Iran to return home.
He's a permanent fan of Jay Leno's competing NBC show after today.
A middle-of-the-road hitter with a .264 batting average after his first 32 Class AA games, Ordonez is a spectacular fielder.
It is not every day, after all, that the local 13th-century castle -- Britain's second largest, after Windsor Castle -- is set alight.
This time, the performer has gone back several centuries to the period following Oliver Cromwell's death, when the monarchy was re-established in Britain after several decades of Puritan rule.
He has taken shelter there after incurring the King's disfavor for courting his Queen.
It occurs at a critical moment of Merivel's own spiritual growth: the restoration, as it were, of wisdom after years of libertinism and folly.
As health care costs skyrocket, month after month and year after year, it takes health care out of the reach of too many of the American families.
CREDIT MARKETS: TREASURY PRICES UP ON RATE MOVE NEW YORK  (BC-CREDIT-625&ADD-NYT) Prices of Treasury securities rose sharply Tuesday, after the Federal Reserve announced its fifth interest-rate increase of the year.
The situation could change, they said, by the next meeting -- after the congressional elections -- in November.
They would either have to sign them to multi-year contracts after only two or three years in the majors, or they would have to let them go, squandering the money they spent on developing them.
But after two hours of closed-door interrogation, during which he was arraigned for planning a bombing that killed one person and wounded 63 others in Paris in 1982, one witness said the 44-year-old Venezuelan-born guerrilla ``emerged less smiling than when he entered.'' Although Carlos was linked to attacks in Germany, Britain, and Austria, France was believed to be the single greatest victim of his violence.
Joe's Barber Shop, a fixture on Main Street for decades, reopened after being closed since last Thursday.
 (BC-RESTORATION-FILM-2NDTAKE-$ADV21-NYT) Downey worked with Hoffman on the 1991 film ``Soapdish,'' and accepted the role of Merivel after another ``Soapdish'' star, Kevin Kline, decided -- according to Hoffman -- that he was too old to play a character who is 37 at the outset of the book.
``You miss that early crazy searching that Merivel does -- that sense of a man searching for his meaning, a man in quest of himself.'' But after working on a fourth draft of the script and meeting Downey, she is intrigued.
For three years, his tax returns showed a net loss of income after deductible expenses.
In 1884, not long after some of the greatest Greek sculpture had been excavated from Turkish soil and permanently shipped off to Berlin and London, the Turkish government decreed that all antiquities were the property of the state.
So perhaps Benjamin did, after all, have a point.
At a recent showing of ``The Mask,'' in which Stein plays the pretentious psychologist Jim Carrey visits after discovering a mask of Loki, the crowd tittered before Stein uttered a sound.
Carlos would have served his cause better as a bullet-riddled corpse found after a climactic shootout.
In Damascus, after a decade of inactivity, Carlos surely became an expendable embarrassment; Sudan's radical Islamic regime may have wanted to earn points with Europe and America by sacrificing him.
The Balanescu Quartet, an English ensemble best known for its contemporary-music performances, has also been composing, and its latest recording, ``Luminitza'' (Mute STUMM 124; CD and cassette), hankers after a rock sensibility far more overtly than does the Brodsky's ``Lament'' or even ``The Juliet Letters.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
They add relatively subtle keyboard and percussion to the quartet texture, and Balanescu occasionally chants a text about the dim prospects for real improvement after a revolution: nothing the Who did not say more concisely and directly 23 years ago in ``Won't Get Fooled Again.'' Yet there is something compelling about the album.
McNall withdrew World Numismatics as managing general partner in May, after he was forced into bankruptcy.
Glenz, a two-time winner in this event, shot a 4-under-par 67 to take a one-shot lead after Tuesday's opening round of the three-day, $75,000 tournament at the Ridgewood Country Club here.
``This was an exceptional day,'' Glenz said after his round, which included six birdies and two bogeys.
``I feel that the players from the Met Section have a bit of an edge on us,'' Glenz said after Tuesday's round.
``But I also feel that we have players good enough in this state to have won this tournament the last few years.'' ``If anybody says there is no rivalry between us and New Jersey, they're only kidding themselves,'' Mel Baum of Bonnie Briar in Larchmont, N.Y., said after his round of 3-under 68 tied him for second with Darrell Kestner of the Deepdale in Manhasset, N.Y. Kestner and Baum have been two of the premier players in the metropolitan area in recent years.
``I think it tightens up your act after being in that microscope.'' While no player from New Jersey made it to the PGA Championship this year, Baum was one of five players from the metropolitan section to compete in the tournament.
McNall withdrew World Numismatics as managing general partner in May, after he was forced into bankruptcy.
American Home Products has said that it made its hostile $95-a-share offer after learning that American Cyanamid was discussing a swap of assets with SmithKline Beecham of Britain, which is also a big drug maker.
Earlier this month the police, after reports of gunfire, clashed with 1,000 young people for almost an hour near the McDonald's restaurant at 125th Street and Frederick Douglass Boulevard.
Stillman was appointed as examiner earlier this year after creditors questioned the objectivity of the original investigation into the scandal, conducted by the company's audit committee with help from Weil, Gotshal & Manges, the law firm representing Leslie Fay in its bankruptcy, and Arthur Andersen & Co., the accounting firm.
He said most false entries took place in 1992, after the last full audit by BDO Seidman.
On Monday an 8-year-old boy arrived after a storm capsized his boat and his parents were believed drowned.
Recent unrest in Havana has emboldened people to leave Cuba, Henner Rodriguez, 23, said after arriving here from a coastal town a few miles east of the capital.
But after the Fed's move, the fifth such increase this year, other traders' heads turned continually in the space of half an hour Tuesday.
Bonds followed a similar pattern to stocks, with prices falling at first after the Fed decision, then rising sharply and yields declining to 7.37 percent from 7.50 percent.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) In the first hour after the Fed rise, ``a lot of players hadn't thought through what a rate increase really meant,'' said Dennis Jarrett, chief market strategist for Kidder, Peabody & Co. What all this means for the stock and bond markets for the next month is as wavering as a trading pattern.
Despite the share price increase Tuesday for economically sensitive stocks like Caterpillar, which rose 2|, to 108~, Chalasani sees investors moving out of such stocks into growth stocks like Hewlett-Packard, which rose 8{, to 87| Tuesday after it reported a large rise in third-quarter earnings.
5, three weeks after the lunch, the three-judge panel, which oversees matters involving special counsels, replaced Fiske, whose work on Whitewater had generally pleased the White House.
So I sold my car and sold everything I had and went up there and I had a good spring camp with them and they offered me a scholarship after that.'' In Portland, he caught 41 passes for 435 yards and two touchdowns.
The provision has been called Megan's Law after 7-year-old Megan Kanka, of Hamilton Township, N.J. She was sexually assaulted and murdered last month by a neighbor who, unbeknownst to residents of the Trenton suburb, had been convicted twice of other sex crimes.
The money would be used to convert a residence hall named after Brooks into the headquarters for the center.
An official who insisted on anonymity said the administration began anticipating an increase of half a percentage point Tuesday morning, after the Commerce Department reported that builders had started 4.7 percent more houses and apartments in July than they had in June, despite higher mortgage rates.
The announcement Tuesday also offered a hint that the Federal Reserve may wait before raising rates again, possibly until after the congressional elections on Nov.
What is clear, though, is that after months of turmoil that have left many Mexicans skittish about the future, powerful businessmen have made a point of worrying openly for the country's stability if anyone but Zedillo takes power.
James Hartley, head of a company called Commercial Realty St. Pete Inc., of St. Petersberg, Fla., who had winning bids totaling $35 million for 20 licenses, said he was surprised when he discovered after the auction that Eon's technology was not yet available.
The discussions with prosecutors started after the subpoenas were served, sources said.
The sale came three days after he was forced into bankruptcy by three other banks who claimed he had defaulted on another $162 million in loans.
SENATE APPROVES AMENDMENT TO HEALTH CARE BILL WASHINGTON  (BC-HEALTH-REFORM-HNS) The Senate approved its first amendment to complex health care legislation Tuesday evening after Republicans buckled under intense pressure to keep the process moving.
The movement came after Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell, D-Maine, threatened to keep members in session 24 hours a day.
The GOP announced its decision to allow the vote on the Dodd amendment after a late-afternoon meeting attended by Republican National Committee Chairman Haley Barbour.
The discussions with prosecutors started after the subpoenas were served, sources said.
The sale came three days after he was forced into bankruptcy by three other banks who claimed he had defaulted on another $162 million in loans.
``There are a lot of chiefs here.'' The Republicans agreed to Tuesday night's vote after a meeting in Dole's office attended by Haley Barbour, chairman of the Republican National Committee.
But more important than what it proposes, which will be clear only after the legislative language that the group is writing can be seen and studied, may be its attitude toward its own product.
James Hartley, head of a company called Commercial Realty St. Pete Inc., of St. Petersberg, Fla., who had winning bids totaling $35 million for 20 licenses, said he was surprised when he discovered after the auction that Eon's technology was not yet available.
HAMPTON IS BACK AT PRACTICE EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J.  (BC-FBN-GIANTS-HAMPTON-NYT) Rodney Hampton was back at Giants practice Tuesday, albeit a little lighter in the pocketbook, a day after being a no-show for the team's first workout since its return from Berlin on Sunday night.
Shortly after arriving from Nigeria, he and a friend sat in the Coliseum and watched USC beat Penn State.
	Shares of Hewlett-Packard jumped after the company posted third-quarter earnings that were higher than expected.
	Stocks rallied after traders, with some hesitation at first, welcomed the interest rate increase by the Federal Reserve.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Among the changes being made by the United States is a provision that patent applications will be published 18 months after they are filed, whether or not the patent has been issued.
Another element of the accord, agreed upon in January, speeds a requirement under the new General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade that American patents be granted for a period of 20 years after the date of application, rather than 17 years after the date of issuance.
Insurance had been too expensive, he said, but the price came down this year after he joined a new purchasing cooperative that he helped to organize.
Many recruit small and medium-sized employers who have been forced to give up coverage after rate increases as high as 40 percent a year.
2 OFFICERS CONTEND LAPD STILL DISCRIMINATES AGAINST GAYS, LESBIANS (W LOS ANGELES  (BC-LAPD-GAYS-LADN) Two officers have sued the Los Angeles Police Department, claiming harassment and discrimination against gay and lesbian officers still is rampant a year after the city settled a similar suit by promising to address the bias.
``We all hoped things would get better after the Grobeson settlement, but they haven't,'' said Benavides, who went on paid leave two months ago after suffering a back injury.
One researcher, for example, has estimated that if every health plan patterned itself after an HMO in Denver, the nation could stop training urologists for almost 20 years before a shortage occurred.
Second-year players like Blevins and Randle have never played with Lassiter, who was granted a medical hardship year from the NCAA after a nine-month appeal process.
Service was restored on Tuesday morning after workers disabled the faulty switch, wedging it with spikes into an open position, Lebow said.
To Nelson, the circumstances that have brought him back to Brooklyn -- he had moved to Georgia in 1992 after he was acquitted on state charges in the slaying of Yankel Rosenbaum -- are a mystery.
Nelson's father received death threats in the mail after the trial, Lewis said.
But he has to be right.'' EXTRA POINTS: Rookie receiver Orlando Parker returned to practice for the first time in two weeks after being absent with a hamstring injury and sciatica.
Kmart's announcement came a day after the company reported an unexpectedly sharp decline in second-quarter profits.
``There are a lot of chiefs here.'' The Republicans agreed to Tuesday night's vote after a meeting in Dole's office attended by Haley Barbour, chairman of the Republican National Committee.
But more important than what it proposes, which will be clear only after the legislative language that the group is writing can be seen and studied, may be its attitude toward its own product.
He attended San Diego State University and graduated from Hastings College of the Law in San Francisco in 1942, after working his way through school as a chauffeur.
But the problem is there are many brokers in Connecticut and New Jersey, and the task is impossible without cooperation in those states.'' Tuesday's hearing came a day after Koppell said that the American Express Co., through its Platinum Card service, was playing a role in a system in which huge ticket price markups have become commonplace.
In 1988, the judge who had presided at that trial, reopening the case at Sullivan's request, threw out the convictions and ordered a retrial after finding that the prosecutors at the 1980 proceeding had improperly withheld information that could have helped the defense.
Ball has had weight problems in the past, especially after his knee injury.
``I should have stayed focused,'' said Agassi who has been playing well this year after wrist surgery more than a year ago.
22 after serving three and a half years on a robbery conviction in 1990, officials said.
Lomack was killed about 10 p.m. Sunday in Nutley after crashing a Ford Bronco he had seized at the home of Debra Marchese, 36, in Nutley after shooting her in the right leg, abducting her and fleeing with Nutley police officers in pursuit, officials said.
Lomack was shot several times after he pointed a 9-millimeter handgun at the officers, Minor said.
Eric had confessed to the killing several days after the crime took place, a confession never retracted or challenged by defense lawyers who had said before the trial their client needed psychiatric help, not punishment.
``The verdict is not going to bring Derrick back,'' Dale Robie said minutes after leaving the courtroom.
``If the defendant was 35 years old,'' the district attorney told the jury, ``you would be impatient to get into the jury room.'' Even after two weeks of testimony, Eric has remained as much of a red-headed mystery as he has been since his arrest a week after Derrick's body was discovered on Aug.
Eric had been one of dozens of Savona residents interviewed in the days after the crime.
Ball has had weight problems in the past, especially after his knee injury.
Chick said she changed her mind after City Attorney James Hahn told the council that it was legally obligated to defend the former employees because jurors acquitted them of criminal charges in the 1991 King beating and found no malice by the officers in a civil case.
Carpenter resigned on June 22, two months after the firm accused Joseph Jett, its head government bond trader, of creating $350 million in phantom profits to inflate his bonus.
Carpenter, who had no prior Wall Street experience, did not take a test that every senior manager of an investment banking and securities business is required to pass until March 1993 -- four years after he became Kidder's chief executive -- a spokesman for the National Association of Securities Dealers said Tuesday.
Playing a football game there was like staging a ballet in a pig pen after an all-day rain.
And visions of a future installation in Mexico, even though the NFL has tried this in Europe after exhibition explorations and the natives didn't buy the real thing.
``One reason was that a number of big clubs, who were making money and didn't want a strike, would cobble together a loose coalition after a while and you'd go back in without accomplishing anything.
The A-37 crashed shortly after 10 a.m. Tuesday while on an Air Force Test Pilot School mission.
Wijetunge, who took office after his predecessor, Ranasinghe Premadasa, was assassinated by a suspected Tamil suicide bomber in Colombo 15 months ago, could try to frustrate an opposition victory by holding onto much of his power, including his posts as Defense and Finance minister.
Kumaratunga has said that she will continue the free-market economic policies that were adopted after her mother, a socialist, was defeated in the 1977 election, but seek to give them a ``human face.'' The economic policies of the United National Party government have produced annual growth rates in recent years of 5 to 7 per cent a year, among the most robust in Asia.
Buda-Pest was created from the three cities in 1873 after the revolution in which the area became Austria-Hungary.
``Come'' is a pleasant reminder of the introspective and daring Prince who seemed to lose his way after ``Diamonds and Pearls.'' Never mind that he says he'll never record (under the name Prince) again.
One stagnant season after another after another.
Bowden is impressed that Bentley recorded a 3.4 grade-point average in the spring, after a 2.2 in the fall.
 (BC-FBC-STANFORD-WALSH-HNS) Offensive coordinator Terry Shea noticed it less than a month after the season.
Competitive variable rate cards have gone up more than a point this year and will rise again after the latest action, he said.
TROUBLED NEW YORK BLUE CROSS SHOWS STEEP DECLINE IN ENROLLMENT ALBANY, N.Y.  (BC-BLUECROSS-LOSSES-HNS) One day after its top executive announced his resignation, the New York Insurance Department on Tuesday released financial figures on Empire Blue Cross and Blue Shield showing higher-than-expected losses and a steep decline in enrollment.
``Empire today is not positioned well to operate in that marketplace.'' While the news of higher-than-expected losses at Empire comes just one day after G.
Veterans are eligible if they served at least 90 consecutive days on active duty after Sept.
NEW BABY AT SITE OF FIRST WOODSTOCK MARKS 25TH ANNIVERSARY BETHEL, N.Y.  (BC-WOODSTOCK-BABY-HNS) At 6:55 a.m., just after sunrise, Pamela Longley gave birth to a healthy baby boy on the field where the Woodstock festival occurred 25 years ago.
The Not-Fade-Away tie-dyed T-shirt company employee said the impact of being at the actual spot where the '69 concert occurred hit her, especially after Richie Havens' moving performance Sunday night.
The spirit, this was the true spirit.'' She said she remained at the field after going into labor because it just seemed appropriate to have her son born there.
COFFEE PRICE LEAPS OVER BREWING BRAZILIAN PROBLEMS  (BC-JAVA-JUMP-INDEPENDENT) Coffee prices surged Monday after a U.S. report that predicted a steep drop in the Brazilian coffee harvest next year following recent heavy frosts.
The climb in prices came after publication of a report by the U.S. Department of Agriculture after the markets closed on Friday.
COFFEE PRICE LEAPS OVER BREWING BRAZILIAN PROBLEMS  (BC-JAVA-JUMP-INDEPENDENT) Coffee prices surged Monday after a U.S. report that predicted a steep drop in the Brazilian coffee harvest next year following recent heavy frosts.
The climb in prices came after publication of a report by the U.S. Department of Agriculture after the markets closed on Friday.
Last year, for example, after the pro-Iranian Hezbollah killed eight Israeli occupation troops inside southern Lebanon, Israel deliberately shelled dozens of Lebanese villages, killing more than 120 civilians and putting 300,000 refugees on the road.
Last year, for example, after the pro-Iranian Hezbollah killed eight Israeli occupation troops inside southern Lebanon, Israel deliberately shelled dozens of Lebanese villages, killing more than 120 civilians and putting 300,000 refugees on the road.
AFTER TWO YEARS, JAY LENO FEELS `TONIGHT' IS HIS  (BC-TV-LENO-SPI) Two years after replacing Johnny Carson on ``The Tonight Show,'' Jay Leno says he's finally getting around to doing it his way, not Johnny's.
David Letterman's inventive ``Late Show,'' which arrived on CBS 15 months after Leno took over ``Tonight,'' handily whips him in the ratings and buries him in the quest for media attention.
I didn't learn much about his side (of the family) until after he died.'' Power grew up making annual trips to the reservation to see her mother's family.
This is the Army Reserves, after all.
He recently returned from Mongolia, after persuading the government that he alone knows the location of Genghis's secret tomb.
National Geographic called this `the last great expedition of the 20th century.''' Kravitz said that a three-year Japanese expedition had returned in 1992 after finding hundreds of tombs.
He recently returned from Mongolia, after persuading the government that he alone knows the location of Genghis's secret tomb.
National Geographic called this `the last great expedition of the 20th century.''' Kravitz said that a three-year Japanese expedition had returned in 1992 after finding hundreds of tombs.
So, after 13 years, she left.
For the first few years after their divorce, the court order was powerless to keep McRoberts away.
 (BC-2ndTAKE-EXHUSBAND-COX) He went through three lawyers, eventually representing himself as he filed motion after motion.
Bochmann shuffled in and out of court, researching her own responses to McRoberts' motions after Watson became ill and had to retire.
Two days after she moved in, McRoberts came to the house to drop off one of the boys after they had been to a basketball game.
Moreover, Bennett said, many buyers of security systems picture the police arriving on the scene immediately after a system alerts them.
``I'm gonna wait at least 10 years,'' said one exhausted San Diego high school student after her stint with the doll from hell.
Goebel warned that the consent form could lead the volunteers to erroneously believe that if they developed cancer of the uterus after taking tamoxifen, the disease could be easily ``cured.'' In fact, on Oct.
6, 1992, six days after Goebel wrote his critique, Dr. Burke wrote to Dr. Bernard Fisher, a University of Pittsburgh surgeon who directed the prevention trial, that the FDA found the consent document ``generally appropriate and well-balanced.'' According to a staff report from the House subcommittee, Goebel's questions were dismissed as ``matters of opinion or semantics.'' The prevention trial is funded by the National Institutes of Health.
Balun had made the mistake of calling the agency to come and get the rat after he killed it in July.
I'd hate to have him around when I catch red wasps boring into the eaves of my house or those rodeo-stock-size roaches that take a liking after five or six weeks to whatever the exterminator is using on them.
This time he's after a criminal who also heads the security force for a Southern California theme park.
THREE YEARS AFTER COUP, GORBACHEV CLAIMS POPULARITY ON RISE MOSCOW  (BC-GORBACHEV-520&add-COX) Three years after the August 1991 coup that led to his downfall, former Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev says his popularity is surging, making a return to politics possible.
Optional add follows.) But the last of the Soviet leaders sees things differently, explaining that after Yeltsin shelled the old Supreme Soviet parliament in downtown Moscow last October ``people are starting to understand that Gorbachev would never have gone so far and humiliate the country.'' In recent months Gorbachev has also tried to boost his status by blaming the demise of the Soviet Union on both the August 1991 coup leaders and on Yeltsin, who agreed to dissolve the country in December 1991.
	``We do not think of the government as a democratic government,'' Kim said Tuesday, the day after the rally ended.
``One day he sent me after filters so that he could have a cigarette.
``Soon after that, ``someone came up to me in a motel and said, `Aren't you the Artie Shaw?' ``I said, `No, I'm the other one.' '' 
The next morning, GIs of the Third Army's Twentieth Corps reach the east bank of the Seine at Melun and Fontainebleau, 50 miles southeast of the French capital, after a bold dash from Chartres.
Montgomery, British commander, is criticized for not reinforcing the Canadian s after they meet fanatical German resistance, and are mistakenly bombed by friendly aircraft.
An Allied communique says ``it now can be said'' that the ancient Italian Renaissance city ``is firmly in our hands.'' To protect historic churches, museums and art treasures, the British do not make a full-scale frontal assault on Florence, but patiently force a German withdrawal by isolating one enemy unit after another.
She remarried Crane in March, 1943, after obtaining an annulment in 1942.
To counter such fears, he delivered a speech in Swansea, Wales, just 13 days after he took office in April.
Moreover, Bennett said, many buyers of security systems picture the police arriving on the scene immediately after a system alerts them.
The Nets have scheduled a news conference for Thursday afternoon at the Meadowlands in East Rutherford, N.J., to formally announce the signing of Dare, who left George Washington University after his sophomore season.
Given the league's recent contract history regarding first-round picks signed after No. 10, Dare is most likely looking at a guaranteed, five- to six-year deal worth approximately $9 to $10 million.
``With millions of trees growing in the Adirondacks, with our Christmas trees good enough to be in the White House, year after year Mario Cuomo sends to an exclusive mail-order catalogue for out-of-state Christmas trees,'' he said indignantly.
	WASHINGTON (NYT) -- House Democratic leaders acknowledged Wednesday that action on health care legislation might be delayed until after Labor Day.
I don't know and I know of no one who knows.'' 	(NYT) -- The two children of a 45-year-old auto mechanic who confessed to strangling his former wife in New Jersey and fled with them to Jordan began the trip home Wednesday after their aunt was awarded custody, officials said.
	The children -- Lisa Abequa, 6, and her brother, Sami, 3, left Amman Jordan on a private airplane provided by King Hussein, who intervened in the case after the dead mother's relatives made an emotional plea for custody two weeks ago.
But since overall fertility rates are declining, the report adds, annual population growth will begin to slow after 1997.
I did `South Pacific' two months ago in Houston, but this production has a lot more choreography.'' Rigby became nutrition-conscious after fighting the weight battle that many gymnasts traditionally face.
And is there life for Cathy Rigby, actor, after Dorothy and Nellie?
Returning to bachelorhood after this comfort is a shock akin to a pampered, Derby-winning thoroughbred being retired to the farm.
In desperation after becoming a repeat bachelor, I bought a book by Heloise, the newspaper columnist who dispenses household tips.
Mitchell: Six months after policy starts.
Dole: Twelve months after policy starts.
Bipartisan: Older people can be charged four times as much as young adults from 1997-99, three times as much after that.
At least that's what the union contends, just as it did when the players negotiated a nine-day reconditioning period after the 50-day strike in 1981.
9, nine days after the July 31 settlement.
It's Hess against Mara and Tisch.'' Williams will concede that the annual meeting between the two teams, which takes place Saturday night in Giants Stadium, is still for, in Weeb Ewbank's now charmingly archaic phrase, ``braggin' rights.'' But Williams is a Jet these days after 11 seasons with the Giants that included two Super Bowls.
``Partly it depends on how you make you're schedule,'' said Chang, who is taking this week off after winning the Thriftway ATP Championships in Mason, Ohio, on Sunday.
Asked by a sympathetic inquisitor after his ordeal if he was still keeping a diary, the young Clinton diarist breathed, ``No, sir.'' Everybody laughed.
Not too long after ``Shenandoah'' is under way, you get the impression you're looking at the candy.
Haywood Jeffires delivered the definitive quote after one such Carlson performance in 1992.
And the `Powers That Was' -- my folks, Mr. Hal Roach, and later, MGM Pictures -- they wouldn't let me stop being Spanky until well after I'd gotten too big.
plummeted Wednesday after the company reported a fourth-quarter loss several times what Wall Street analysts had expected.
``His name is so synonymous with Americana nobody today realizes he lived with French and English furniture.'' An heir to the family chemicals fortune, Henry du Pont began buying American highboys, lowboys and hooked rugs for the house he and his wife built in Southampton after they were settled in their New York apartment.
The segment the assistant had seen was an on-air rant about my return to Minnesota after 10 years in New York -- and how I'd never, ever, ever go back.
I had had a hair epiphany, I explained, after a decade of reporting on youth culture.
It happened after a punk-rock show featuring Babes in Toyland, a Minneapolis band I had followed for the previous three years while reporting for a book on rock-and-roll.
``Let's keep it informal and see if anything comes up,'' Ronnie said after he had seen my tape and finally taken my call, making it clear that I was not his client.
The industry certainly is having a spectacular year after a decade of sagging orders, slumping prices and plant closings.
Some schools don't even have basketball rims (although in fairness, the absence of rims may have more to do with discouraging gang activity in certain areas after school).
The week after the concert, an unrelated newspaper article presents the complaints of childless workers who resent the time taken off by parents for child-rearing tasks; they demand equity in the workplace.
The Balanescu Quartet, an English ensemble best known for its contemporary-music performances, has also been composing, and its latest recording, ``Luminitza'' (Mute STUMM 124; CD and cassette), hankers after a rock sensibility far more overtly than does the Brodsky's ``Lament'' or even ``The Juliet Letters.'' A concept album of sorts, ``Luminitza'' is the work of the group's violinists, the Romanian-born Alexander Balanescu and Clare Connors.
They add relatively subtle keyboard and percussion to the quartet texture, and Balanescu occasionally chants a text about the dim prospects for real improvement after a revolution: nothing the Who did not say more concisely and directly 23 years ago in ``Won't Get Fooled Again.'' Yet there is something compelling about the album.
Robinson in ``The Graduate,'' which came four years after ``Tom Jones.'' In much the same way that Richardson's hit announced the arrival of ``swinging England,'' ``The Graduate,'' an even bigger blockbuster, distilled the mood of American youth at the dawn of the counterculture.
Ms. Parton doesn't get played much on country radio anymore, but after doing a video with a number of younger singers, her latest album, ``Slow Dancing With the Moon,'' still went gold.
 (BC-OLD-NEW-COUNTRY-MUSIC-ART-3RDTAKE-$ADV21-NYT) And for many older artists, there's still life after death: the country music theme park of Branson, Mo. In fact, a song making its way around Nashville written by Paul Overstreet called ``Mansion in Branson'' starts off with a familiar scenario: ``His record label told him, `We don't need you anymore./Our consultants say you're not what folks are looking for./We can't get your records on young country radio./You're too out of shape for Wranglers and too old for videos.' '' But after his contract is torn up, Overstreet's hero heads to Branson, where he buys himself a theater and like Gilley, Mel Tillis or Ms. Lynn, he finds fortune playing for the faithful who don't care what he looks like.
Consequently, little more than two months after President Clinton renewed special trading privileges for China, the Clinton administration is threatening to impose sanctions on China unless it closes the nation's 26 compact-disc factories and curbs other rampant piracy of videotapes, audio tapes, computer software and books.
The Chinese government does not deny the problem of piracy, but its officials say the United States is acting rashly by threatening trade sanctions so soon after China tightened its copyright laws.
 (BC-CHINA-CD-PIRATES-2NDTAKE-NYT) He said Chinese government investigators did not close down the factory in this city, about 75 miles west of Shanghai, even after they discovered that it was pirating works by everyone from Whitney Houston to Kenny G to several Hong Kong pop stars who sing in Cantonese.
Only a few weeks after the spring release of a new hit single by Prince, ``The Most Beautiful Girl in the World,'' the song began turning up in Chinese-made pirated compact discs smuggled across the border into Hong Kong.
In February, for example, the Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled 100 points after the Fed raised rates for the first time in five years.
``With him, there's no in-between; he looks horrible or he's great, and most of the time he's probably on the great side,'' said the 72nd-ranked Adams, who felt Wednesday's musical interludes were toned down a few decibels after Agassi's post-match tirade.
That has prompted Republicans to label the program ``grandson of stimulus'' after President Clinton's economic stimulus package that failed in a Senate filibuster last year.
But what emerged after a conference of House and Senate members was a $33 billion bill without any support from Republican conferees.
``With him, there's no in-between; he looks horrible or he's great, and most of the time he's probably on the great side,'' said the 72nd-ranked Adams, who felt Wednesday's musical interludes were toned down a few decibels after Agassi's post-match tirade.
``Why not?'' Naekel said the other day, after a morning spent sweating on the steep slopes of his vineyards in the Ahr River valley, thinning out his pinot noir grapes.
``We grow the same grape varieties, and we have more or less the same climate as in Burgundy,'' Naekel said after calling it quits at 10 a.m. and retreating from the blazing heat into the coolness of his cellars.
The count bottles his best ones under a label called ``Bruessele,'' after the Belgian nobles who owned the castle for centuries before his family did.
``It looks as if this will be a very good year for all of us,'' he said, adding that he could use a little luck after record floods last Christmas that even forced his family to flee their second-story living room.
``For me,'' he said, ``when I came back from the camps the most difficult part was that after all you'd done during the day, you saw all the corpses.'' For Miss Rossi, who worked for Doctors Without Borders in Rwanda before joining the Red Cross, hundreds died before her eyes at the height of the cholera crisis.
Wijetunga, who became president 15 months ago after a suspected Tamil suicide bomber killed his predecessor, Ranasinghe Premadasa, signaled that he would tread carefully before announcing his choice for prime minister by noon Thursday.
During the campaign, she attacked the ruling party for what she called ``crony capitalism,'' a reference to some of the free-market economic policies introduced by the ruling party after it toppled the leftist government led by Mrs.
Fox's inaugural effort, Friday's exhibition between Denver and San Francisco, went well enough to prompt sniping from the disenfranchised folks at CBS -- including network boss Howard Stringer -- still stinging from the loss of football to Fox in December after 38 years with the NFL.
Hill was so taken with Danny Elfman's ``Batman'' theme while in line, he had Fox's football music modeled after it.
Meanwhile, House Democrats said their debate might not start until after Labor Day.
Abiola was arrested on treason charges in June, seven months after Abacha seized power after he publicly declared himself the rightful president and commander in chief of the country's armed forces.
And I hope the American people will also think about the irony of these Republican senators getting up here day after day after day and denouncing Government health insurance and Government health care as bad for their constituents even as they benefit from it themselves as individuals and their families.
And a visit to an orthopedist, $300 for the first visit, $175 for each visit after that.
The signals reflected from the surface will be recorded and converted to photo-like imagery by NASA computers after the mission.
``There is a tendency to moralize and blame the addicts, yet we're not providing them with services to recover.'' 	Ms. Kennedy was born after her father was assassinated in 1968, but she has no doubt, she said ``that he had an influence on what I do.'' 	c.1994 N.Y. Times News Service 	Pope John Paul II, who is recuperating from a broken thighbone, left Rome on Wednesday for a vacation in the mountains of northwest Italy, Reuters reported.
Cliburn backstage after her son's concert Aug.
2, in New York's Metropolitan Opera House, but she had a stroke six days earlier and died the day after the concert.
Why go back to directing someone else's material after having enjoyed such success with his own?
``I had the illusion after `The Stunt Man' that I could make anything I wanted to, and it turned out not quite to be true.
It was the French, after all, who trained the predominantly Hutu army responsible for the mass killings of Tutsi and moderate Hutu in April, after the presidents of Rwanda and neighboring Burundi were killed in an unexplained air crash.
You can't hide the rule.'' Nor the fact that the 1981 season resumed after the strike and that when the complete season was over, there were team champions in both leagues, as well as a World Series champion.
He said the police had tailed his wife, night after night, from her job at Abbott Laboratories until she was finally stopped for speeding.
The denial came after news reports from Tehran quoting a senior Iranian government official as saying the Vatican had Iran's ``full endorsement'' on the issue.
McCarthy and asked her to make the commercial after she had appeared with the governor at several events organized to muster public support for the ban on assault weapons.
``We do not think of the government as a democratic government,'' Kim said Tuesday, the day after the rally ended.
Lee, who was scorned for suggesting that South Korea send condolences after the death of Kim Il Sung, said the suppression of dissident views only generated sympathy for a student movement that was ``very trivial and small.'' The chairman of the Democratic Party, Lee Ki Taek, has called the crackdowns a ``McCarthyite witch hunt.'' South Korea has a decades-long tradition of violent protests by students, and the spraying of tear gas is almost a political rite of passage.
HARTMANN CONTINUES TO CARVE HIS NICHE PARAMUS, N.J.  (BC-GLF-MET-OPEN-NYT) Rick Hartmann arrived in the New York area this year after 10 years of playing golf on the European tour and is already making a name for himself in an area crowded with some of the best club professionals in the country.
That put him at 6-under-par 136 and gave him a two-shot lead after two rounds of the 54-hole event.
Bill King of Spring Lake Golf Club, the 1993 New Jersey PGA champion, who played in Zabriski's group, was also at 139 after 2-under 69 in Wednesday's round.
David Glenz of Crystal Springs Golf Club in Hamburg, N.J., the first-day leader and twice the winner of this event, shot 73 after a 67 on opening day and was next at 140.
The Wednesday afternoon rain limited the number of players that broke par to only three, after 10 accomplished the feat on opening day.
He carried a no-hitter into the fifth inning, but left with a 2-0 lead after five and two-thirds innings, with runners on second and third and two outs.
But since overall fertility rates are declining, the report adds, annual population growth will begin to slow after 1997.
HOUSE Democrats said the House debate might not start until after Labor Day.
The idea for the book came after Ray, a planning director for the city of Antioch, Calif., complained that, ``despite all the leagues and a three-car garage full of toys, his daughter kept saying, `There's nothing to do.''' The Vignolas began recalling how, with a pink ball, a bottle cap and a piece of chalk, ``you were set for the whole day.'' The book comes with a ball, a cap and a box of chalk.
Douglas Elliman formed a panel of community leaders, merchants and residents to devise the plan after receiving numerous complaints about street crime from its tenant shareholders.
Myers said Clinton learned of Altman's decision when the Treasury official called the president Wednesday morning after returning from a vacation in Wyoming.
The Treasury secretary has denied knowing about the contacts until long after the fact, and he has been treated gingerly and respectfully in his two appearances before investigating committees.
I realized how many friends I had and all the people who were behind me.'' The Eagles learned about Rios' injuries after his best friend, Brad Leon, wrote a heartfelt letter to KLSX-FM (97.1) disc jockey Jim Ladd.
American officials warned Wednesday, however, that if North Korea refueled that reactor, even after Sept 23., that runs the risks of scuttling the talks.
Nelson, who was released from custody last week after posting $25,000 bond in Atlanta, remained free Wednesday and has been ordered to return to U.S. District Court on Sept.
Wednesday, Nelson, who said he had moved to Georgia to ``start a new life'' after his 1992 acquittal, was silent as he made his way from his lawyer's office through the streets of Brooklyn and into Federal court.
That American Home Products' stock could rise even after the company paid a big premium is a tribute to the willingness of investors to again believe in synergy, as well as to the fact that American Home Products was hardly trading at a premium before the deal.
Recalling 1972, he said that after the players, at a March 31 meeting, voted to strike, he called John Gaherin, the owners' chief labor negotiator, to tell him.
They scheduled a meeting for the next day, but Moffett, after meeting with each side separately, decided a joint session would be meaningless.
On the first day of the second week of the strike, the talks broke off after a 10-minute meeting.
When sawmills reopened after the Depression, the demand for cedar and hemlock skyrocketed, but by then the Forest Service had designated the grove as a nature area.
This approach lessens the crippling fatigue of see-it-all, do-it-all tourism and lightens the almost unsupportable regimen of eating too well and too richly night after night.
The French Laundry The town of Yountville was the home of a popular little restaurant called the French Laundry from 1977 until earlier this year, when it closed for renovations after Thomas Keller purchased it.
And instead of producing world record after world record on a costly new Mondo track, the planet's top runners and jumpers were reduced to slogging their way through weather conditions that ranged from overcast to drizzle to squall.
``I live in England; it rains every day, so what's to worry?'' said Linford Christie, after shoring up his sagging position as the world's leading sprinter by winning the 100-meter race in 10.05 seconds against the season's best and best-paid field.
Among Christie's victims was the world record holder, Leroy Burrell, who only qualified for the final by winning a coin toss with Andre Cason after stumbling his way through his heat.
``I just didn't do it today,'' said Burrell, who blamed some of his difficulties on a misplaced measuring tape that kept him from positioning his starting blocks properly, after the match.
RICHARDS REFINES CRITICISM OF BUSH A DAY AFTER PORTRAYING HIM AS A JERK LUFKIN, Texas  (BC-TEXAS-POLITICS-TEX) A day after portraying George W.
Richards hit an emotional peak in her remarks after recounting some of what she considers successes of her administration.
The agreement came after two weeks of tough carrot-and-stick tactics by American Home Products, which drove up the price of American Cyanamid stock more than 60 percent since Aug.
``Honestly, I don't think it's the greatest idea,'' said Becker, after polishing off his opening-round match just before rain stopped the music, and the play.
I don't think anybody comes to a tennis match to listen to songs.'' Meanwhile, Agassi -- who was beaten Tuesday night, then spouted off for the courtside microphones and called the forced marriage of tennis and music a humiliation for his sport -- maintained his anti-melodic stance even after a good night's sleep far away from noisy New Haven.
``Every day is a new adventure,'' said Thomas, who relishes talking about his return to his natural position after a year as a defensive end.
``The president thinks he's done a good job.'' Altman's resignation comes after a week of hints and leaks from White House officials following the Washington custom of moving indirectly to encourage a departure.
But two others said that Altman had largely made up his mind to resign after a private meeting on the evening of Aug.
Altman's fate appeared to be sealed after Whitewater hearings ended two weeks ago when two top Democrats on the Senate Banking Committee told the White House that they thought Altman should leave.
2, Altman went to the White House to announce his decision to recuse himself from the Madison investigation by the Resolution Trust Corp., of which he was acting head, then reversed that decision after aides to Clinton challenged it.
A person close to Altman said Wednesday that for a few months after his departure, the deputy Treasury secretary would stay home with his three young children.
The U.S. Energy Department came up with an extra $1 million to pay a St. Petersburg company to design the installation after the Russian government failed to make the payment.
STOCKS END DAY MIXED AS DOW FALLS 8.09 NEW YORK  (BC-MARKET-NYT) A day after the Federal Reserve Board raised interest rates, the stock market closed mixed but largely unchanged for big stocks.
The bond market fell a little, after the price of the 30-year Treasury bond rose more than one and a half points Wednesday to 101 18/32.
Lilly's stock rose ahead of news that came out after the market closed that Lilly and Sphinx Pharmaceuticals had settled lawsuits blocking Lilly's acquisition of Sphinx.
The 30-year bond fell 9/32, to a price of 101 9/32, yielding 7.39 percent, up from 7.37 percent Tuesday, following the market's biggest rally in two weeks after the Fed's fifth interest rate rise of the year.
I realized how many friends I had and all the people who were behind me.'' The Eagles learned about Rios' injuries after his best friend, Brad Leon, wrote a heartfelt letter to KLSX-FM (97.1) disc jockey Jim Ladd.
Some communities fine residents for too many false alarms, and some police departments refuse to respond after five or six false alarms within a 12-month period.
In 1993, after her divorce became final, Turner asked Griffin when he would transfer the title to the property and the business over to her name.
HOUSE MAY DELAY ACTION ON HEALTH CARE TILL LABOR DAY WASHINGTON  (BC-HEALTH-HOUSE-575&ADD-NYT) House Democratic leaders Wednesday acknowledged that they had no clear idea when they could begin work on health-care legislation, but said it might be after Labor Day, a prospect that dismayed many advocates of health-care restructuring.
But Gephardt acknowledged, in the caucus, that the House might not take up the bill until after Labor Day, according to participants, saying that if that occurs, members would stay in session through the weekend of Sept.
American officials warned Wednesday, however, that if North Korea refueled that reactor, even after Sept 23., that runs the risks of scuttling the talks.
Leaders acknowledged Wednesday that they might not get back to health care until after Labor Day, cutting the time perilously close for action on such a major initiative before Election Day.
It had nothing to do with abortion.'' Trewhella, speaking from a Wisconsin jail where he is serving a 33-day sentence for disorderly conduct in blocking the driveway of an abortion doctor, said, ``Anyone can take a statement that someone has made, pull it out of its context and juxtapose it with something else, and thus pervert what they had truly said.'' At the news briefing Wednesday, Planned Parenthood officials said they had gotten the tape in late May and had given a copy to the Justice Department after the shooting deaths of a doctor and his escort outside an abortion clinic in Pensacola, Fla., last month.
The Palestinian Authority questioned 40 supporters of the Islamic militant group Hamas after the attacks on Sunday.
Historians and Jewish groups credit Sugihara as saving the second-largest number of Jews from the Holocaust, after Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg.
``He's new, he's young, he's fresh.'' Chrysler has tried to establish Eagle's sedans and sports coupes as import-fighting niche models for people who, as Brust put it, ``tend not to shop Chrysler, Plymouth or Dodge showrooms.'' Previous campaigns used jazz and an assertive slogan declaring Eagle was ``not intended for the general public.'' The latter tactic, discontinued after the 1993 model year, may have worked too well.
	CompUSA stock plummeted after the company reported a fourth-quarter loss that was worse than expected.
Police officials began discussing the possibility of a new initiative with city homeless officials after a series of crimes against the homeless in Central Park this year, including, in July, the murder of one woman and the rape of three others.
Bratton after the captain's remarks were published to express her concern about the tone of what he had said.
``We were surprised at the degree of support for lions and Proposition 117 after the (Schoener) attack,'' said Palmer.
The contract is the first significant revenue obtained by Cray Computer, a Colorado Springs company founded five years ago by the supercomputer pioneer Seymour Cray after he left the Cray Research Corp.
The Colombian police were able to track down the drug-cartel leader Pablo Escobar Gaviria, after he called his family on a cellular phone.
Two decades later, shortly after Cray founded Cray Research, the NSA was an early customer.
FEDERAL PANEL DECLARES THREE TEXAS CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICTS UNCONSTITUTIONAL  (BC-REDISTRICTING-TEXAS-TEX) In a ruling that could trigger dramatic changes in Texas' political boundaries, a three-judge federal panel in Houston declared three of the state's congressional districts unconstitutional Wednesday after concluding that they had been improperly packed with minority voters.
The denial came after news reports from Tehran quoting a senior Iranian government official as saying the Vatican had Iran's ``full endorsement'' on the issue.
The company installed its ``poison pill'' after federal regulators granted the investor, Dickstein & Co. LP, an investment firm that owns 12.6 percent of Hills outstanding common stock, permission to buy up to 50 percent of its shares.
For all Dickstein's complaints about the company's adoption of a takeover defense, shortly after he became chairman of Carson, Pirie, Scott & Co., he made sure the Midwestern department store company adopted poison pill protection.
``They have to get used to a different kind of mayor,'' he told reporters after a private meeting with Republican House members in which he was sharply criticized by Rep.
Another offered tips on ways to retrieve your file after the family dog yanked out the PC's power cord.
Talks between the Redwood Shores-based Oracle and Gupta, of Menlo Park, were disclosed in late July after Oracle acquired 7.7 percent of Gupta's stock.
She died of a brain tumor, said her daughter, Ruth, of Princeton, N.J. Dr. Cserr joined the Brown faculty in 1970 after serving as a researcher at Harvard University, where she received a Ph.D. in physiology.
Talks between the Redwood Shores-based Oracle and Gupta, of Menlo Park, were disclosed in late July after Oracle acquired 7.7 percent of Gupta's stock.
``And if they come to the same conclusion using slightly different tests, so much the better for the prosecutors.'' Although investigators are continuing to follow leads in the case, the bulk of the blood samples, among more than 100 items of physical evidence, were collected in the hours after the bodies were found.
Ms. Clark said that the prosecution became aware of the police samples after she had told the court on July 25 that all the samples had been sent to the Maryland laboratory.
ATTORNEYS TRADE ACCUSATIONS IN SIMPSON CASE LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-KILLINGS-2Takes-LADN) In a contentious court hearing, attorneys in the O.J. Simpson murder case traded accusations after prosecutors conceded that some key blood evidence was never sent by police to an independent lab for testing.
But Clark accused the defense of making ``hysterical proclamations'' for the benefit of public relations, and she noted that continuing challenges by the defense could delay DNA results until after Simpson's trial begins Sept.
Raytheon decided to consolidate at one agency after agreeing to part from Grey in June.
	Rupert Brendon, 51, chairman and chief executive of DMB&B/Canada in Toronto, said on Tuesday that he would leave after 16 years, relinquishing the title of chief executive on Oct.
Wijetunga, who became president 15 months ago after a suspected Tamil suicide bomber killed his predecessor, Ranasinghe Premadasa, signaled that he would tread carefully before announcing his choice for prime minister by noon Thursday.
During the campaign, she attacked the ruling party for what she called ``crony capitalism,'' a reference to some of the free-market economic policies introduced by the ruling party after it toppled the leftist government led by Mrs.
``This is not something that is going to happen overnight.'' Scheinrock's comments come after the company's decision earlier this week to forego offers from Palmdale and other Southern California cities.
Among the nation's top computer manufacturers and known for building low-cost machines, Packard Bell decided last year to move after its facilities in the Los Angeles area of Chatsworth became too small.
 (BC-FBN-RAIDERS-LADN) The Los Angeles Raiders broke training camp in Oxnard on Wednesday after 5{ weeks with most of their questions heading into the season answered.
 (BC-FBN-CASILLAS-KAN) Defensive tackle Tony Casillas was cleared to sign with any team in the NFL after a two-hour meeting Wednesday with Commissioner Paul Tagliabue in New York.
But Kansas City Chiefs President//General Manager Carl Peterson said he is concerned that allowing Casillas to sign with any team this season -- after breaking his contract with the Chiefs -- sets a dangerous precedent that could ``adversely affect'' the free-agency system in the NFL.
Casillas was given a grace period of one week after the Chiefs reported to training camp.
Tagliabue, after reviewing medical reports with Casillas, Condon and representatives of the league office and NFL Players Association, concurred that he had a medical condition.
``We saw the interest in them taper off after a surge in 1990, but now they're hot again.
Two of the workers were seriously injured -- one after being stabbed, the other after a rock was thrown and hit him in the head, said Detective Charles Uribe of the Los Angeles Police Department's North Hollywood Division.
Jose Reynoso, a Federal Emergency Management Agency worker assigned to the Los Angeles Bureau of Sanitation, and city employee Glenn Atkinson were taken to the Medical Center of North Hollywood after the Tuesday attack.
Two of the workers were seriously injured -- one after being stabbed, the other after a rock was thrown and hit him in the head, said Detective Charles Uribe of the Los Angeles Police Department's North Hollywood Division.
Jose Reynoso, a Federal Emergency Management Agency worker assigned to the Los Angeles Bureau of Sanitation, and city employee Glenn Atkinson were taken to the Medical Center of North Hollywood after the Tuesday attack.
He's a players' coach.'' Fien originally committed to Texas and then switched to UCLA after Tommy Maddox's abrupt departure to the NFL.
ON RETRIAL, SUSPECT IS CLEARED IN FIRE THAT KILLED 6 FIREFIGHTERS NEW YORK  (BC-NY-WALDBAUM-TRIAL-560(2TAKES)-NYT) A man who spent nearly 10 years in prison after a jury convicted him of helping to set a 1978 fire that killed six firefighters in Brooklyn was acquitted Wednesday night in a retrial.
As the not-guilty verdicts on six murder counts were announced just before 10 p.m. on Wednesday -- after a two-week trial and seven hours of deliberations -- Jackson-Knight, a slender, sharp-featured 37-year-old, folded his hands prayerfully and appeared to be fighting back tears at the defense table in state Supreme Court in Brooklyn.
``It feels like I'm being born again,'' he said minutes later, after Justice Gerald Beldock said he was free to go and he left the downtown Brooklyn courthouse clutching a red Bible.
But after deliberating for only four hours, the jury convicted Jackson-Knight, and Justice Joseph Slavin sentenced him to the maximum of 25 years to life in prison.
But in 1988, after the current lawyer, Sullivan, persuaded the judge to reopen the case, Slavin threw out the conviction and ordered the retrial, ruling that the prosecutors had improperly withheld from Corbett the material that could have helped bolster the defense.
Also appearing for the defense at the retrial, after testifying for the prosecution in 1980, was Charles King, supervising fire marshal in the inquiry.
He was unable to post newly set bail of $50,000 in the Waldbaum's case and stayed in jail after his auto-crimes sentence ended.
Lim's first name was changed to Stan by his uncle shortly after they arrived in this country and settled in Arizona in 1947.
One of his daughters, Stacy, is a Los Angeles Police Department officer who was in the headlines in late 1990 after an off-duty shootout with gang members trying to steal her car in front of her Canyon Country home.
There was never a time when I didn't play pool.'' But he had no idea pool would be his future, and it was not until after he graduated from college and worked 13 years as an American History teacher that he began playing full time.
``In the first couple of years after Elvis' death, there was a sense around Graceland that he was a dying ember,'' said Jack Soden, 48, a former investment analyst from Kansas City, who serves as chief executive officer of EPE.
His latest acquisition is the former Resto des Amis, which closed on July 30 after just over a year of life.
Before the Peasant restaurants and Pano, Atlanta was pretty much a steakhouse town with private clubs and hotel dining.'' That began changing after Karatassos and fellow chef Paul Albrecht launched Pano's & Paul's in 1979.
Instead he's known as a perfectionist, a self-admitted workaholic who queried his wife, Georgia, about going home to Savannah after three days of a Daytona Beach, Fla., honeymoon.
Karatassos says his father used to say, in Greek, ``The key is waiting.'' ``And boy,'' Pano says, ``that made me just want to get out of there.'' When he did, it was on a late 1950s U.S. Navy tour that ``lasted three years, 10 months and 17 days,'' he says, and convinced him that the kitchen wasn't such a bad place after all.
For the second quarter ended June 30, Coca-Cola reported that international case sales had jumped more than 7 percent and U.S. case sales had climbed 6 percent, after similarly strong volume gains in the first quarter.
If we have free agency after three years' service (instead of the current six), salaries go even higher.
The CIA made a $310 million office building disappear right under the noses of Congress -- year after year after year.
We'd been waiting a long time for this baby.'' Shortly after she arrived, the fire came perilously close.
His first success with stained glass was in Colorado after he'd ``come down out of the mountains, a reformed hippie looking for a job.'' One job led to another, and finally to a project commissioned by the state.
As Billy Bob chewed, a bit of gristle made him think of his first wife, Earlene -- an apprentice meat packer who went to prison after she tried to rob a bank armed with only a spare rib.
I knew there was an investigation, but not until it broke.'' McPheters, 20-year veteran of the Police Department, has been on unpaid sick leave with an ulcer for two years after taking five months of paid leave.
Vaginal births after a Caesarean (known as VBACs) are a concern because of the risk of uterine rupture, said Dr. Scott Simpson, director of women's health at the Texas Department of Health.
They note that the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists actively encourages vaginal births after Caesareans, albeit in hospitals.
``It's a real violation.'' Attempting a vaginal birth after a Caesarean is relatively new for physicians and flies in the face of the long-standing medical maxim, ``once a Caesarean, always a Caesarean.'' In 1988, responding to soaring Caesarean rates, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said all women with previous Caesareans, absent other medical complications, should be encouraged to attempt a vaginal birth.
A study by John Peter Smith Hospital physicians in Fort Worth, published in a medical journal in June, found that 81 percent of women attempting to give birth vaginally after a Caesarean were successful in doing so.
Among callers to a local sports-talk station after O.J. Simpson's June arrest on murder charges in the slaying of his ex-wife and her friend, Niland said the Simpson case had spurred him to talk about the rage that led him to abuse his first wife and some girlfriends.
Niland also addressed the withdrawal that sets in after the roar of the crowd ceases for an athlete and how he is turning his life around.
``So in order to handle the rejection I feared, my answer was to have one on each shoulder.'' A TIME OF TROUBLE When Niland began running around on his then-wife, Iree, after their marriage in 1967, he developed not only an insatiable appetite for women but also a feeling that he was bulletproof.
Among callers to a local sports-talk station after O.J. Simpson's June arrest on murder charges in the slaying of his ex-wife and her friend, Niland said the Simpson case had spurred him to talk about the rage that led him to abuse his first wife and some girlfriends.
Niland also addressed the withdrawal that sets in after the roar of the crowd ceases for an athlete and how he is turning his life around.
``So in order to handle the rejection I feared, my answer was to have one on each shoulder.'' A TIME OF TROUBLE When Niland began running around on his then-wife, Iree, after their marriage in 1967, he developed not only an insatiable appetite for women but also a feeling that he was bulletproof.
There's only been a couple, but those couple made headlines.'' One involved a young woman he dated after his divorce in 1983.
``And, if anything, the time in Big Spring was a great sabbatical for me because I got back to reading, to praying, to really trying to look closely at where I was at that time.'' Of other incidents that kept Niland in the news long after his playing days, some involved serious brushes with the law while others were simply odd or oddly comical.
He was exonerated after his passport showed he was in Aruba at the time.
He was arrested after the woman stopped two officers and told them Niland had smashed a window of her car with his fist.
``Not only did she get her jewelry back, but she dropped the charges the day after the thing happened.'' The charges were dropped, but Niland later pleaded no contest to a misdemeanor charge of assaulting the woman by kicking her and hitting her with his fists.
There's only been a couple, but those couple made headlines.'' One involved a young woman he dated after his divorce in 1983.
``And, if anything, the time in Big Spring was a great sabbatical for me because I got back to reading, to praying, to really trying to look closely at where I was at that time.'' Of other incidents that kept Niland in the news long after his playing days, some involved serious brushes with the law while others were simply odd or oddly comical.
He was exonerated after his passport showed he was in Aruba at the time.
He was arrested after the woman stopped two officers and told them Niland had smashed a window of her car with his fist.
``Not only did she get her jewelry back, but she dropped the charges the day after the thing happened.'' The charges were dropped, but Niland later pleaded no contest to a misdemeanor charge of assaulting the woman by kicking her and hitting her with his fists.
Last year, for example, after the pro-Iranian Hezbollah killed eight Israeli occupation troops inside southern Lebanon, Israel deliberately shelled dozens of Lebanese villages, killing more than 120 civilians and putting 300,000 refugees on the road.
Last year, for example, after the pro-Iranian Hezbollah killed eight Israeli occupation troops inside southern Lebanon, Israel deliberately shelled dozens of Lebanese villages, killing more than 120 civilians and putting 300,000 refugees on the road.
He recently returned from Mongolia, after persuading the government that he alone knows the location of Genghis's secret tomb.
National Geographic called this `the last great expedition of the 20th century.''' Kravitz said that a three-year Japanese expedition had returned in 1992 after finding hundreds of tombs.
He recently returned from Mongolia, after persuading the government that he alone knows the location of Genghis's secret tomb.
National Geographic called this `the last great expedition of the 20th century.''' Kravitz said that a three-year Japanese expedition had returned in 1992 after finding hundreds of tombs.
``It's hard to watch the flock after they're gone,'' Brandt said.
``It's hard to watch the flock after they're gone,'' Brandt said.
``I was told they made you play better -- and after I used them, I truly `be-leeeeeved' they made ME play better.'' The amphetamines were easy to get, and at the time seemed almost harmless.
``But after a couple of years, they stopped doing that.
``I was told they made you play better -- and after I used them, I truly `be-leeeeeved' they made ME play better.'' The amphetamines were easy to get, and at the time seemed almost harmless.
``But after a couple of years, they stopped doing that.
As she noted in an opinion piece after the Simpson arrest: ``The manly athlete becomes accustomed to having his offenses ignored.
``My theory, and I came up with it after my 10-year high school reunion, is that these athletes are wonderful when they're in high school but they don't develop beyond that if they stay with the sports,'' she said.
As she noted in an opinion piece after the Simpson arrest: ``The manly athlete becomes accustomed to having his offenses ignored.
``My theory, and I came up with it after my 10-year high school reunion, is that these athletes are wonderful when they're in high school but they don't develop beyond that if they stay with the sports,'' she said.
A combination of chemicals designed to knock out both grass and broadleaf weeds in beans performed so poorly after Allerton sprayed in June that two bean fields were resprayed at no charge last month.
Other unexpected shutdowns resulted from the failure to accurately position and secure all the mechanical components of the units after towing them from one well to another.
Freeman said fire ant colonies release winged mating pairs, usually after a late spring or summer rain.
It has no problem boldly going where one film has gone before and calling it ``an updating.'' And so, 30 years after ``Seven Days in May,'' HBO lets loose with ``The Enemy Within,'' a remake of that classic thriller that plays like, well, a remake: It's pretty good, but not nearly as good as the original.
Released during the heart of the cold war, two years after the Cuban missile crisis, ``Seven Days in May'' was steeped in the genuine tension of the age, when the threat of nuclear war was real, the potential for exploiting the nation's paranoia about the Communists was demonstrable and the idea that a president could be wildly unpopular for advocating a peace agreement with the Russians was wholly credible.
But Moore has his own problem, in the form of a stalker who kills him the night after Capa comes to town.
Twenty minutes after walking out of the ring under his own power, Napunyi collapsed.
``Some people ask me if my career's been jinxed or I've been jinxed, but I don't look at it that way,'' Gonzales said after a training session at Heights Gym here.
``I said, `Maybe this victory will get me a title shot.' He walked out of the ring on his own, so we never thought anything like that would happen.'' Gonzales and Viscusi didn't know of Napunyi's collapse until they returned to their hotel after a late dinner.
Haverty was inspired to write the play after his wife, Dorathy, discovered in the mid-1980s that she had a sister she hadn't been told about.
Henrich died after a six-year struggle with anorexia nervosa and bulimia that started after she missed making the Olympic team by 0.118 of a point.
The film also follows the flight of Yisan (Tsai Yi), the soldier who shot the captain and who deserts after the accident.
Among the evocative settings visited by the film are a deserted Government housing project for aboriginals that was abandoned after a flood.
``You watch too much TV, kid,'' a real cop finally tells him, after watching Henry overdo it with one real-life perpetrator.
 (BC-SHRIMP-FACTS-RECIPES-2NDTAKE-HNS) Here are some tips on preparing shrimp: Shrimp may be shelled and cleaned before or after simmering.
``Killing Zoe'' tells what happens after Zed (Eric Stoltz) arrives in Paris and lazily consents to pay a call girl named Zoe (Julie Delpy) for the evening.
Except for when band members dived into the audience after the encore, the shirtless Chili Peppers were a shadow of their usually hyper selves.
They are, after all, decidedly undignified.
They are, after all, decidedly undignified.
Barclift, who moved here last year from Phoenix after working for six years as director of occupational safety and health for the Arizona branch of the National Safety Council, noticed the clear, jelly-like particles on the shed roof after the rain stopped.
Barclift and a friend also had minor bouts of nausea and fatigue after collecting and touching the mysterious goop.
A newly adopted kitten, which lived outside, died days later after a struggle with severe intestinal problems.
	More than 1,000 cases have been reported in Dagestan, and after long debate public health officials enacted a quarantine there this week, although they acknowledged it would do little good.
	WARSAW (NYT) -- Poland's intelligence chief resigned Thursday after his appointment on Monday was rejected by President Lech Walesa, who said it jeopardized not only relations with the United States but also Poland's integration with the West.
Women catch on to themes that are much deeper, such as gender issues in the family.'' 	LEAMER'S FAVORITE KENNEDY: 	When 	Three hours after the interview with Eunice, ``her publicist called,'' recalled Leamer.
Twenty minutes after walking out of the ring under his own power, Napunyi collapsed.
``Some people ask me if my career's been jinxed or I've been jinxed, but I don't look at it that way,'' Gonzales said after a training session at Heights Gym here.
``I said, `Maybe this victory will get me a title shot.' He walked out of the ring on his own, so we never thought anything like that would happen.'' Gonzales and Viscusi didn't know of Napunyi's collapse until they returned to their hotel after a late dinner.
Women catch on to themes that are much deeper, such as gender issues in the family.'' 	LEAMER'S FAVORITE KENNEDY: 	When 	Three hours after the interview with Eunice, ``her publicist called,'' recalled Leamer.
 (BC-MOLLOY-DISAPPEARANCE-HNS) Irish actor-playwright John Molloy has been found safe after friends spent a frantic five days looking for him.
Filmmaker William Farley, who led the search, said his sense of relief was tinged with anger that Highland had failed to alert friends or police to the transfer even after a missing-persons report was filed Saturday with the Berkeley Police Department.
Wednesday, a social worker at East Bay Hospital called a priest at Berkeley church after finding a note listing the priest's name and phone number.
Fund-raising is an absolute positive step for someone who wants to move into administration, beginning with the experience of meeting people.'' People like the late Ben Hill Griffin, who contributed so many millions to Gators athletics that they named the football stadium after him.
	None of the six-man crew was injured during the perilous launching abort and all were evacuated safely less than an hour after the incident.
Three years after the interviews were recorded, Morton died in Los Angeles.
He was also a card shark who had to leave more than one town in a hurry after fleecing the citizens.
He said that after listening to Reischauer he had concluded that it will be ``weeks, if not months, before we can cast a knowledgeable vote.'' Breaux denied that, and shrugged off the skepticism.
Mitchell: Six months after policy starts.
Dole: Twelve months after policy starts.
Bipartisan: Older people can be charged four times as much as young adults from 1997-99, three times as much after that.
So the mysteries surrounding the success of that lie, and what relations Waldheim might have had with countries that kept his secret, involve not just one rather boring man but the conduct of international diplomacy after the war.
Do we really have to say that so many years after the war?
``I got released by Allie Sherman,'' Maynard recalled this week, still sizzling 35 years after the Giants dropped him.
President Ezer Weizman hailed him Thursday as ``one of the greatest figures in the life of the Jewish people and the state of Israel in recent generations,'' adding that he was ``a spiritual conscience for many in Israel.'' Aviezer Ravitzky, a professor of Jewish thought at the Hebrew University and an associate of Leibowitz, said, ``He was the raging prophet, confronting society with both moral and social courage, sometimes smashing truths, but forcing people to reconsider their world and everything they considered self-evident.'' A religious thinker and biochemist with doctorates in philosophy and medicine, Leibowitz turned down Israel's most prestigious award, the Israel Prize, last year, after Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin said he would boycott the ceremony.
Soon after Israel captured the West Bank and Gaza Strip in the 1967 Arab-Israeli war, Leibowitz began warning that the occupation of the territories would turn Israel into an agent of repression, whose citizens would be employed in growing numbers to police the Palestinians.
Kansas City Value Line stock-index futures finished lower after trying to rally for much of the day.
He first wrote on the subject in ``Crowds and Power,'' published in 1935, just two years after Hitler came to power.
When he was 6, the family moved to Manchester, England, and a year later, after Canetti's father had died, the family moved to Vienna, and later to Zurich and Frankfurt.
LEAVENWORTH, KAN., NATIVE MELISSA ETHERIDGE IS HOT  (BC-MELISSA-ETHERIDGE-KAN) It's just three days after her performance at Woodstock '94, and here is Melissa Etheridge in the back of a stretch limousine, riding from a tour of the White House to a concert in Richmond, Va. This week's Washington visit was far less splashy than her 1992 trip to President Clinton's inauguration.
The single, ``Come to My Window,'' is currently at No. 25 and rising on the magazine's Hot 100 Singles chart, and ``I'm the Only One'' is at No. 82 and rising after two weeks.
VICTORIOUS COWELL LEARNS HARD LESSON PARAMUS, N.J.  (BC-GLF-MET-OPEN-NYT) Charlie Cowell, the assistant at Green Brook Country Club in nearby North Caldwell, proved Thursday that he had learned a hard lesson by losing two big golf tournaments after losing his concentration.
``Trying not to put myself ahead, not thinking of winning the tournament, was the biggest thing for me,'' Cowell said after his round of one-under 70 gave him a total of five-under 208 at the 6,938-yard Ridgewood Country Club, a A.W. Tillinghast design that plays to par 71.
Cowell and Hartman, who played with Muehr in the last group, were tied for the lead at five under after Hartman's birdie on the 371-yard 10th, but a two-stroke swing changed things at the 384-yard 11th.
Dennis Hillman of Westchester Country Club, the winner of the Met Amateur championship 11 days ago after eliminating Thomas in the semifinals of the match-play championship of the Metropolitan Golf Association, was the next low amateur at 216.
Because of the caramelization of sugars and the oxidation of oils, so called ``invisible stains'' can appear as yellow or brown marks after the cleaning process, especially if heat is used in finishing the garment.
In the weeks that followed, during evenings after working on ``Sisters'' and on weekends, Lippman and Keyser plotted out the stories in the pilot script, which took longer than writing it.
``I feel like after being there for nine years I needed a change,'' Smith explained.
We are on after `Blossom' and `Fresh Prince' at a time when kids don't have much else to turn to.'' For now Lippman and Keyser are unfazed about the future.
``We took a young man that, if he had stayed in school another year, he definitely would have been a lottery pick,'' Reed said Thursday, the day Dare officially joined the Nets after signing a multiyear, multimillion-dollar contract.
``And I thought the signing would be a process by which we had to wait to slide him in after people ahead of us and behind us had signed.
Three years ago, he played organized basketball for the first time after a distinguished lawn tennis career -- ``I liked going to the net,'' he said, ominously -- in his hometown of Kabba, Nigeria.
I tried to thank the sender of that one by phone but got an answering machine and had to leave a message after the beep.
Usually, after that, the writing is easier.
FOR A THIRD TIME, `THAT'S ENTERTAINMENT!' ENCHANTS  (BC-ENTERTAINMENT-MOVIE-REVIEW-KAN) You'd have thought that after ``That's Entertainment!'' in 1974 and its 1976 sequel (not to mention the 1985 spinoff entry, ``That's Dancing!'') that there wouldn't be a whole lot of interesting musical material left in the MGM vaults.
But we see the two versions side by side, and his almost mechanical ability to duplicate the same complex moves times after time is nothing short of astounding.
Similar gatherings before and after were filmed by others, but Riefenstahl's amazingly poetic vision, ``Triumph of the Will,'' so captured the unstoppable singlemindedness of National Socialism that it became a classic.
He even includes ``outtakes'' in which his subject displays her fierce temperament, stalking off the set after a question she deems insulting.
At a new ski jump, covered with synthetic turf and slicked with water for summer use, one member after another of Japan's Olympic team rumbled down the slope, launched skyward, and floated high above crowds of awed admirers.
He was, after all, born in George Washington University Hospital in the District of Columbia.
``It is, after all, a political convention,'' said Frank Greer, Clinton's chief media adviser during the 1992 campaign and an adviser to convention planners since 1984.
It worked -- so well, in fact, that Dan Quayle boarded a bus after the 1992 GOP convention to stump for the Bush-Quayle ticket.
Even now, it remains the United States' third-largest Latin American destination for exports and investment, after Mexico and Brazil, and the United States' second-largest source of oil, after Saudi Arabia.
``Nobody has gotten a dollar,'' Herrera-Vaillant reported after polling a directors' meeting of the Venezuelan-American chamber.
The star among new American companies attracted by free-market policies adopted after 1989, GTE led the privatization of Venezuela's state-run telephone system, Cantv, in late 1991.
I have only one commitment, and this is how I want to say it, with my conscience, with you and with God,'' he said to deafening chants of ``Diego! Diego!'' And then, as abruptly as his race caught fire after the national debate in May, it ended.
Others offered a more pragmatic reason, saying Fernandez had to leave early because of a scheduled 9 p.m. live television interview, which did not take place until after 10 p.m. ``Look, that's 30 million Mexicans (potential TV audience),'' said one aide.
But he seemed genuinely regretful after No. 7-seeded Marc Rosset's unbreakable serve sent the Swiss player into the quarterfinals and sent Lendl home to nearby Goshen for a weekend of golf.
The defense lawyers accused the detectives of misstating facts and acting improperly to justify their request for a search warrant of Simpson's estate on June 13, the morning after the bodies were found at Nicole Brown Simpson's townhouse.
Harnischfeger, a maker of surface mining equipment, would have annual revenues of $2 billion after acquiring Joy, a manufacturer of underground coal mining equipment.
Some of the trendier places even issue beepers to their would-be patrons that buzz after an hour or more -- when their tables are finally ready.
WARY OF CRITICS, POLAND SENDS ITS TOP SPY BACK INTO THE COLD WARSAW, Poland  (BC-POLAND-INTEL-460&ADD-NYT) Poland's intelligence chief formally resigned Thursday, three days after his appointment was rejected by President Lech Walesa, who said it jeopardized relations with the United States and Warsaw's new ties with the West.
In 1991, after the fall of Communism, Zacharski ran a private computer company.
Perhaps the closest to a household word is On Technology, a company founded by Mitch Kapoor after he left Lotus Development.
TREASURY'S GENERAL COUNSEL QUITS AS SHAKE-UP CONTINUES WASHINGTON  (BC-HANSON-RESIGN-375&ADD-NYT) The Treasury Department's shake-up after the Whitewater hearings continued Thursday, as its general counsel, Jean E.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Their sudden flight from Jordan began on Wednesday after Ms. Dokur, Lisa, and Sami were summoned to an interview with Hussein at his palace.
For Dempsey, who retired after losing the rematch with Tunney two months later, the knockout was the last victory of his career, and he did not apologize for it.
Two years later, after fighting Mickey Walker to a draw and winning a decision over Carnera in 1931, Sharkey fought Schmeling again, on June 21, 1932, winning the title in a controversial split decision that drew boos from the crowd and a legendary lament from Schmeling's manager, Joe Jacobs, who shouted into the radio microphone, ``We wuz robbed.'' Sharkey did not defend his title until a year later, when the giant Carnera landed a stunning right-hand upper cut that knocked Sharkey out in the sixth round.
He does not see what he is doing as anything political; he does not believe that by showing body after body, the rest of the world will suddenly care more about Haiti and the people will cease to die.
The belt was a gift from Bob Arum, the boxing promoter, after Artemiev had been released from the hospital.
He served as governor for three terms, from 1963 to 1969, but was ousted after advocating a state income tax.
John Calhoun Wells, director of the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service, announced the developments after meeting separately with both sides in Manhattan on the seventh day of the strike.
CHECK FRAUD: FIVE PLEAD GUILTY  (BC-CHECK-FORGERS-NYT) Five people involved in an elaborate high-tech check forgery scheme were sentenced Thursday in Charlotte, N.C., after pleading guilty to bank fraud.
``Why didn't the defendants use the computer system?'' one juror asked Rubin after the trial.
Rediker proposed using a portion to buy the computers, with the understanding that the lawyers would reimburse the fund after the trial.
He said he got the money by selling an old Soviet-made Lada automobile, which he had fixed up after buying it with money he had made by selling gasoline at his Government job as a gas depot attendant.
On Wednesday, after nearly two days at sea, they were spotted by the crew of a Key West fishing boat, Black Beans.
She said she'll start with high school, where she said picking up English wouldn't be that hard, especially since she had taken a year of English in Cuban primary school and is well versed at a basic, ``Hello, what is your name?'' From there she wants to be a fashion model, and after that a lawyer.
The announcement by the self-styled ``mainstream group'' came only hours after its members received a sobering assessment of their work by the Congressional Budget Office director, who challenged the plan's cost projections.
Nonetheless the hormone received final approval from Congress, a few months after the Office of Management and Budget, in completing its study, had concluded that the economic effects of the hormone would be minimal.
Six months after the tussle over Monsanto, Coelho lent a helping hand to a politician in need.
TREASURIES' SECURITIES PRICES SAG NEW YORK  (BC-CREDIT-390&ADD-NYT) Prices of Treasury securities sagged Thursday, after the market was again reminded that although inflation may be out of sight, it is not out of mind.
Concerns about inflation were revived after the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia reported that prices paid by area manufacturers for raw materials surged to a five-year high in August.
She went into hiding on June 4, after the Bangladeshi government charged her with defaming Islam.
They said its terms had been hammered out after meetings on Capitol Hill on Thursday to meet conditions set by Republicans they have identified as those most likely to switch to Clinton's side.
2, three days after the Stansel settlement was made public, the case was transferred back to Hayes.
In the election six years ago, after early returns from urban areas showed the main opposition candidate, Cuauhtemoc Cardenas, ahead, electoral officials interrupted their reporting, saying the vote-counting computers had mysteriously broken down.
The reforms that Salinas has undertaken to that system began with voter rolls that were filled with Mexicans who somehow kept voting for the PRI long after their deaths.
But after a series of audits overseen by the American consulting firm McKinsey & Co., many independent analysts, including all six citizen magistrates of the federal elections board, have approved the registry as highly reliable.
Similarly, even after the government and the PRI agreed to the creation of a special prosecutor for electoral crimes, differences among the political parties over who to name to the post and the refusal of at least two agreed-on candidates to serve delayed the investiture until only a month before the election.
But they have provided no other information to prove it wrong, noting that they are under no legal obligation to do so until three months after the election.
The date falls one week after the election winners are to be officially certified.
Insurance companies fought the ballot measure bitterly in 1988 and in the courts after it was passed.
John Garamendi, the California insurance commissioner, gained much publicity and many enemies among insurance companies after he was elected in 1990 for his fight to collect refunds ordered by Proposition 103 and for his moves to protect homeowners hurt by brush fires in the state.
In the past, village children had been bussed to a school outside the village; after the explosion they were sent to live at the school.
2, three days after the Stansel settlement was made public, the case was transferred back to Hayes.
Anderson testified that Rosenbaum had initiated the incident when he kicked at a group of black youths after emerging from a car in the first night of violence in Crown Heights.
A year later, after Nelson had been acquitted and both Jewish leaders and Hynes were campaigning to persuade federal prosecutors to mount a civil rights case against Nelson, Anderson told Brooklyn detectives that he had seen Nelson hand a knife to another youth, Ernesto Edwards, and that Edwards delivered the fatal stab wounds to Rosenbaum.
But after finding and interviewing the girlfriend Anderson had claimed was with him that night, federal investigators challenged Anderson and his various stories unraveled, federal prosecutors said Thursday.
He ultimately confessed that he had not seen the attack and had arrived only after Rosenbaum's attackers began to run from police, Anderson said in court Thursday.
In sharp contrast to the normal fate of ousted chief executives, Gutfreund got almost nothing from Salomon after he left three years ago.
Gutfreund said he gave the letter to the firm's lawyers when he received it, and noted that it demanded an answer within 10 days, well after he left Salomon on Aug.
Choy, a Hong Kong businessman, of making profits or avoiding losses of $2.7 million after being warned in advance of the disclosure of the fraud by Richard F.
In a separate charge, Pegram was also accused of avoiding $17,625 in losses in 1989 when he sold 20,000 Comptronix shares after learning during a board of directors meeting that the company's biggest customer, Connor Peripherals Inc., was going to significantly reduce its orders.
But it charges that after he did, he purchased options to sell Comptronix shares, enabling him to realize $368,750 in profits.
So cocky that he called the future Hall of Famer George Brett ``just another guy in the box'' after his major league debut Sept.
While Hitchcock had previously explained how dejected he was when the Yankees demoted him in April to activate Bob Ojeda, he did not let those feelings return when they sent him to Columbus on July 3 after signing Greg Harris and again Aug.
The shuttle's computers issued commands that shut down the engines and prevented the ignition of Endeavour's two powerful solid rocket boosters after a sensor detected that a turbopump on one of three rocket engines was overheating.
Bob Kerrey, D-Neb., who has been a regular attendee, chose the language of courtship to sum up the situation after the group met Wednesday night.
It is a strategy of selecting lanes, and running routes with exquisite perfection, and then making something big happen after the ball is caught.
I didn't get serious until after my junior year in high school.'' Now, he especially tests Hansen, perhaps partly because the coach represents authority and partly because he is only 27 years old.
He is home in Brooklyn, after rehabilitating in New Jersey following the injury.
He is home in Brooklyn, after rehabilitating in New Jersey following the injury.
He is home in Brooklyn, after rehabilitating in New Jersey following the injury.
He is home in Brooklyn, after rehabilitating in New Jersey following the injury.
The circumciser, who tested negative for HIV, cleaned his instruments after each use, in accordance with standard medical procedure.
I'll say to you, Mr. President, I think it's, frankly, time that we stop this process, that we allow the budget office to analyze what are the real costs of the various bills that are being developed, that we have more time to really assess what this legislation would do and that we come back some time in September -- the 8th or 12th -- and then, after we know what the cost will be, after we know what has been done in this legislation, after we've had a chance to really study it, then and only then we'd consider taking it back up.
Kumaratunga, whose husband was assassinated in 1988 after advocating concessions to the Tamil rebels, said she favored unconditional negotiations with the rebels, and a devolution of power that would give the Tamil leaders wide authority in their region.
They said its terms had been hammered out after meetings on Capitol Hill on Thursday to meet conditions set by Republicans they have identified as those most likely to switch to Clinton's side.
``Never give up.'' Harvey Rosenfield, author of Proposition 103, compared Thursday's victory to falling over the finish line after a six-year marathon race.
Rosenfield praised Garamendi's efforts and said the court ruling will strengthen the office of Insurance Commissioner long after Garamendi steps down.
Also, they plan to consider physical changes as soon as possible, meaning after the season ends Sept.
-- Maybe Lakeway's seven-length loss to Heavenly Prize at Saratoga wasn't so crushing after all.
Eight months after going public in an $8.6 million offering, this fledgling restaurant company has received scant attention among institutional investors and analysts.
This is, after all, a public company, with shareholders and earnings reports and plenty of quarterly worries -- starting with the fact that new restaurant issues tend to retreat after their initial runup.
Eight months after going public in an $8.6 million offering, this fledgling restaurant company has received scant attention among institutional investors and analysts.
This is, after all, a public company, with shareholders and earnings reports and plenty of quarterly worries -- starting with the fact that new restaurant issues tend to retreat after their initial runup.
Bennett, made it clear, shortly after the suit was filed, that he would argue that the president was immune from civil suit while in office even for acts that may have occurred before he assumed the presidency.
After that, Justice Department officials said publicly that they had not fully studied the issues involved and would only make a decision on whether to support that argument after careful deliberation.
 (BC-BIZGLANCE-NYT) Companies 	Insurers could be ordered to refund as much as $1 billion to millions of California auto insurance customers after the state Supreme Court upheld a 1988 measure that required companies to roll back auto insurance premiums.
Gutfreund, once one of the most powerful men on Wall Street, got almost nothing from Salomon after he left amid a Treasury auction scandal, and he has sued to overturn an arbitration panel's decision that he deserved no payment from the firm.
	The dollar tumbled against the yen after a report showed that the United States trade deficit with Japan widened.
``Never give up.'' Harvey Rosenfield, author of Proposition 103, compared Thursday's victory to falling over the finish line after a six-year marathon race.
Rosenfield praised Garamendi's efforts and said the court ruling will strengthen the office of Insurance Commissioner long after Garamendi steps down.
They said its terms had been hammered out after meetings on Capitol Hill on Thursday to meet conditions set by Republicans they have identified as those most likely to switch to Clinton's side.
BROOKLYN WOMAN CHARGED AFTER THE DEATH OF HER INFANT SON NEW YORK  (BC-NY-INFANT-DEATH-NYT) A Brooklyn, N.Y., mother was arrested on Thursday morning and charged with endangering the welfare of a child after the death of her 19-month-old son, who had severe internal injuries, the police said.
While the cause of death has not been determined by the Medical Examiner's Office, the mother, Lisa Cruz, 24, of the Bushwick section of Brooklyn, was arrested on Thursday after undergoing hours of questioning by detectives at the 83rd Precinct.
The children were returned to her home after Mrs.
Turpin, a native of Richmond, lived in New York for 45 years after her graduation from Vassar College in 1945.
Other insurers voluntarily paid rebates after private negotiations with the department.
Even after Garamendi issues specific rebate orders for all insurers, each company has the right to request an administrative hearing to review the amount.
Other insurers voluntarily paid rebates after private negotiations with the department.
Even after Garamendi issues specific rebate orders for all insurers, each company has the right to request an administrative hearing to review the amount.
While the motion seeks files for the four key homicide detectives on the case, it renewed a controversial claim that Detective Mark Fuhrman is a racist and suggests he planted a bloody glove at Simpson's estate after the bodies of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Goldman were discovered on June 13.
	Richards Dropped By TGI Friday's 	Five agencies are competing for the account of TGI Friday's Inc., with billings estimated at $27 million, after the restaurant chain said it would end its relationship with the Richards Group in Dallas, effective on Oct.
TAILBACK WALTERS SIDELINED BY BRUISE LOS ANGELES  (BC-FBC-USCNOTES-LADN) Starting tailback Shawn Walters was carried off the practice field on a stretcher Thursday afternoon after taking a hit during live action.
Though Small was ejected from the field by USC coach John Robinson after the play, Walters harbors no bad feelings.
``I don't think I ever left,'' he said after greeting his teammates during lunch.
``There was no discrepancy.'' Deputy District Attorney Carol Chizever said Kim was replaced as interpreter midway through the preliminary hearing after receiving complaints that testimony had been altered.
Chizever said she became suspicious of the interpreter's work after noticing discrepancies between his translations and the victim's earlier statements.
We have no comment.'' For reporters who venture inside she offers, with a winning smile, ``arsenic burgers.'' There are darker changes in Savona than hostility directed at outsiders who poke cameras and notebooks into a community's pain, asking the question that after 380 days no one is closer to answering: what would cause a teen-ager to murder a young boy walking merrily along a street two blocks from his home to a summer recreation program?
Neil Strong, the pastor of Savona Federated Church, a sad edge to his voice after a year of comforting the murder victim's parents, Dale and Doreen Robie.
Shortly after the murder there was an attempt to organize a neighborhood watch committee in Savona to protect children on the streets.
Even if, next month, Eric is given the maximum sentence available for 13-year-old murderers, nine years to life imprisonment, he could be eligible for parole after eight years, when he is 22.
Dave Hall, Eric's wrestling coach, testified at the trial that he had seen undersized Eric sob after losing matches, but never explode in anger.
``What gets to you after a while is the absolute lack of remorse among young criminals,'' Leslie A.
During World War II, he was given a critically important espionage assignment -- trying to learn if Germany was close to building an atomic bomb -- but his career as a spy after that was a failure.
IN POLICY SHIFT, U.S. TO DETAIN CUBAN BOAT PEOPLE INDEFINITELY WASHINGTON  (BC-FLA-CUBANS-U.S.-1STLD-615-(2TAKES)-WRITETHRU-NYT) With hundreds of Cubans continuing to flee each day in rafts and rubber dinghies, the Clinton administration announced Thursday night, in a sharp change of policy, that it would detain Cubans for an indefinite period after they arrive in the United States.
The move alters a three-decade-old open-door policy toward Cubans, who have traditionally been granted free entry into the United States after a brief interview by immigration authorities.
The announcement came just hours after President Clinton rebuffed a plea from the governor of Florida to declare a state of emergency there in reaction to the wave of Cuban refugees.
That is a sharp change from the previous policy under which many Cuban refugees were turned over to relatives within hours after the Coast Guard picked them up in rafts and put them on Florida's shore.
Two weeks after the 7-year-old Belarussian girl was dragged down four floors to the street in her father's suicide leap, she remains hospitalized in critical condition.
Van Exel played on a one-year $150,000 contract last season, confident his value would increase after his rookie season, and became a restricted free agent.
In November's elections the Republicans look certain to make gains in both House and Senate; after that both parties will start focusing on the 1996 presidential race.
In November's elections the Republicans look certain to make gains in both House and Senate; after that both parties will start focusing on the 1996 presidential race.
In the American Airlines strike, Clinton weighed in on the union's side, mending fences with organized labor after the pain he had caused it with the North American free-trade deal.
Under a new Senate bill, if the owners try to impose a settlement after an impasse is reached, they would face antitrust laws.
In the American Airlines strike, Clinton weighed in on the union's side, mending fences with organized labor after the pain he had caused it with the North American free-trade deal.
Under a new Senate bill, if the owners try to impose a settlement after an impasse is reached, they would face antitrust laws.
In the American Airlines strike, Clinton weighed in on the union's side, mending fences with organized labor after the pain he had caused it with the North American free-trade deal.
Under a new Senate bill, if the owners try to impose a settlement after an impasse is reached, they would face antitrust laws.
Real GDP in Asia (excluding Japan) grew by 8.4 percent last year after 8.1 percent in 1992.
Real GDP in Asia (excluding Japan) grew by 8.4 percent last year after 8.1 percent in 1992.
There were riots in Bujumbura, the capital, after students and a (Tutsi) opposition leader were arrested.
In Burundi the Tutsi minority clung on to power long after the Belgians left, quelling bloodily each Hutu uprising.
There were riots in Bujumbura, the capital, after students and a (Tutsi) opposition leader were arrested.
In Burundi the Tutsi minority clung on to power long after the Belgians left, quelling bloodily each Hutu uprising.
Added Watters, whose four carries netted minus two yards: ``I don't know if it was the plays we were running, their guys were jacked up or there were missed assignments.'' For the 49ers, the highlights were slim: Young's passing; three field goals in three attempts by Doug Brien; some nice kickoff return work by Derek Loville, who became the primary return man after Dexter Carter suffered a knee injury in the first quarter; and some decent, second-half running by Loville and Shaumbe Wright-Fair.
What if there was a serial killer who killed nothing but young, beautiful redheads in Atlanta?'' A month after sending out sample chapters to several publishers, Northwest Publishing of Salt Lake City offered her a contract.
But 31 years after her death in an airplane crash, the black-haired songstress from Winchester, Va., remains a mystery.
But even after 300-plus pages, Cline is still an enigma.
ATLANTA  (BC-KIDS-LUNCHES-RECIPES-(2ndtake)-COX) It was big news when pianist Van Cliburn -- who attracts more attention than most pianists even when he isn't playing -- announced plans to return to the concert world this summer, after a 16-year absence from touring.
This was to be an ambitious 16-city tour, reuniting the most celebrated American pianist with the orchestra (Moscow Philharmonic) and concertos (Tchaikovsky's First, Rachmaninoff's Third) that helped catapult him to international fame in 1958, after he won the first- ever Tchaikovsky Competition in Moscow.
	Airheads PG-13 	As sweet and dumb as a surfer after a day of bitchin' curls, this very slight slacker satire stars Brendan Fraser, Adam Sandler and Steve Buscemi as rock star wannabes who try to get airplay by arming themselves with toy guns and busting into the booth of their favorite DJ (Joe Mantegna as a sympathetic Beatles-era rebel).
But even after 50 years, it's still the same old story: a boy and his wonder-dog.
	Philadelphia PG-13 	Tom Hanks gives an Oscar-winning performance as a fast-track lawyer who sues his former firm after being fired for incompetence after he discovers he's HIV-positive.
In November's elections the Republicans look certain to make gains in both House and Senate; after that both parties will start focusing on the 1996 presidential race.
In the American Airlines strike, Clinton weighed in on the union's side, mending fences with organized labor after the pain he had caused it with the North American free-trade deal.
Under a new Senate bill, if the owners try to impose a settlement after an impasse is reached, they would face antitrust laws.
In the American Airlines strike, Clinton weighed in on the union's side, mending fences with organized labor after the pain he had caused it with the North American free-trade deal.
Under a new Senate bill, if the owners try to impose a settlement after an impasse is reached, they would face antitrust laws.
In the American Airlines strike, Clinton weighed in on the union's side, mending fences with organized labor after the pain he had caused it with the North American free-trade deal.
Under a new Senate bill, if the owners try to impose a settlement after an impasse is reached, they would face antitrust laws.
Real GDP in Asia (excluding Japan) grew by 8.4 percent last year after 8.1 percent in 1992.
Real GDP in Asia (excluding Japan) grew by 8.4 percent last year after 8.1 percent in 1992.
There were riots in Bujumbura, the capital, after students and a (Tutsi) opposition leader were arrested.
In Burundi the Tutsi minority clung on to power long after the Belgians left, quelling bloodily each Hutu uprising.
There were riots in Bujumbura, the capital, after students and a (Tutsi) opposition leader were arrested.
In Burundi the Tutsi minority clung on to power long after the Belgians left, quelling bloodily each Hutu uprising.
``I escaped after I learned that there was a warrant issued for my arrest in the city of Bratsk,'' said James E.
Nine months after Woods turned up in Russia, the Irkutsk regional governor ordered a ban in charoit mining, on grounds that a mining expedition had grabbed up 50 tons of stones and sold them to ``black-market profiteers'' at giveaway prices.
Charoit mining reopened a month later, but only after Irkutsk province imposed a licensing system.
Sometime after that, Woods and a Russian partner obtained what he calls ``a monopoly contract for this stone.'' He says over the next few years he shelled out $35,000 to buy 10 tons of charoit, as well as about 400 pounds of quartz crystals and 400 pounds of other semiprecious stones.
Woods says Vladimir was held by police in Bratsk on smuggling charges, then released after three days.
Even after Richards called him a jerk, Bush resisted the temptation to join her in the gutter.
The court's unanimous ruling Thursday came in a case brought by one of the state's largest insurers, 20th Century Insurance Co., which sued after it had been told by Garamendi that it owed $101.8 million in rebates to its 650,000 policyholders.
The court's unanimous ruling Thursday came in a case brought by one of the state's largest insurers, 20th Century Insurance Co., which sued after it had been told by Garamendi that it owed $101.8 million in rebates to its 650,000 policyholders.
Perkins, of course, is the late alligator-wrestling host of ``Wild Kingdom.'' When Matson heard about the opening, he went after the job with a vengeance.
DETOURS ``Trains running through the English Channel tunnel will be pulled by engines named after opera singers.
The city, once known as a cradle of liberalism and tolerance, is developing a new reputation after 2 1/2 years of Jordan policies -- though not without opposition.
But the boom really took hold in the early 1990s, after Starbucks Coffee began opening coffee bars in Northern California.
Section 457 of the Internal Revenue Code requires employees to begin withdrawals from these plans by April 1 in the year after the year in which they turn 70{, or April 1 after the year in which they retire, whichever comes last, said Kyle Brown, a lawyer with the Wyatt Co., benefits consultants in Washington.
One designer says clients sometimes call after they've moved to a smaller home.
Although lawyers often advise people to renounce their United States citizenship to avoid paying taxes here after returning to another country, Ms. Anderson is not a good candidate.
More worrisome, Molly has remained mute after the death of her mother.
Republicans agreed to let the vote take place only after Democrats promised a subsequent vote on a G.O.P. amendment.
Republicans agreed to let the vote take place only after Democrats promised a subsequent vote on a G.O.P. amendment.
It was prepared by the distributor after a battle during which the Code and Rating Administration started muttering things like ``NC-17.'' As a result, you'll have to wait for Rush's own cut of the movie -- he calls it ``longer, denser, more erotic'' -- when the film becomes an unrated videotape.
Bill Capa (Bruce Willis), a psychologist, gives up his New York City practice in remorse after a patient reacts to one of his observations about her character by jumping out his 34th-floor window.
Mexico's Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI, is facing tough opponents after 65 years of rule.
	More than 1,000 cases have been reported in Dagestan, and after long debate public health officials enacted a quarantine there this week, although they acknowledged that it would do little good.
He pulled out in 24 hours after finding it devoid of fresh water or any prospect of gold.
He pulled out in 24 hours after finding it devoid of fresh water or any prospect of gold.
The next minute you have $19.15 and the minute after that it's gone.
If you attempt to hand the clerk 16 cents after he's already rung in your twenty, he won't be able to do the math in his head.
How about allowing unrestricted movement after two seasons?
How about allowing unrestricted movement after two seasons?
How about allowing unrestricted movement after two seasons?
I'm afraid if I did I would be required to listen to old war stories again, and that might make me lose my laser-like concentration that, when activated, allows me to escape most golf courses after having struck the ball something on the order of (ital)cent(endital) times.
On our scorecard, Ree-shard, we shall tell (ital)un petit blanc(endital) lie after another.
And not because Jeffires switched from No. 84 to 80 to honor Curtis Duncan, who signed with Green Bay after the Oilers placed him on waivers.
Alleging poor performance, Ernst & Young discharged Simpson shortly after the 1989 merger of Ernst & Whinney and Arthur Young, the firm where Simpson had worked for nearly three years.
More than 100 other partners, out of almost 2,000 in the combined firm, were let go nationwide in the year and a half after the merger.
 (BC-AGE-WORKPLACE-2NDTAKE-$ADV21-NYT) Meanwhile, there is talk by employment lawyers and accountants of a class action suit by ex-Big Six accountants sacrificed after consolidation pressures hit the profession nationally in the middle to late 1980s.
In unusually blunt comments to the jury after the verdict, he called the evidence against Ernst & Young ``overwhelming'' and ``one of the strongest age discrimination cases'' he had seen in 16 years on the bench.
Unlike my first colchicum, this one leafs out soon after the flowers fade.
Don't procrastinate, as many of the companies will not ship these bulbs after the middle of September.
``We are very tired of lies, and, after all these years of the PRI, we say, `Enough is enough.''' Arciniega's 55-year-old mother, Rosa Ruiz, was coy about her choice for president but freely volunteered criticism of the government.
	The judge also ordered unsealed a report on Ferguson's mental state that was conducted by a court-ordered psychiatrist and psychologist 10 days after the Dec.
Changed the spot of the ball after a missed field-goal attempt from the line of scrimmage to the spot of the kick.
One prime-time network reference notes that Ladd was well suited to replace Fawcett after the first year because her qualifications ``seemed to fit the show's standards: 35-23-34.'' ``In the '70s, it was called a `jiggle show,''' Condon said.
All he will say is that his ``Charlie's Angels'' legacy will live on long after he's gone.
Now, after decades of mutual opposition, Steinem and Schlafly finally agree on something.
The cachet of that victory no doubt helped Chinetti when he soon after opened the first Ferrari dealership in North America, in Manhattan.
Even after retiring as a driver, he stayed active in racing through his North American Racing Team, which raced Ferraris worldwide and often was as successful as Ferrari's official factory team.
``I think people were suffering from cabin fever, after being snowed under, this winter,'' said George Ball, chief executive of the W.
Some market watchers expect a major announcement this afternoon after the company holds a ``management integration meeting'' for managers throughout the firm.
II: 20th Century Industries stock barely budged Thursday after the California Supreme Court ruled against the insurer in a long-simmering fight over Proposition 103.
It was only Friday, well after the news came out, that 20th Century shares took a big hit, dropping 3 5/8 (five slash eight) to 12 3/4 (three slash four).
II: 20th Century Industries stock barely budged Thursday after the California Supreme Court ruled against the insurer in a long-simmering fight over Proposition 103.
It was only Friday, well after the news came out, that 20th Century shares took a big hit, dropping 3 5/8 (five slash eight) to 12 3/4 (three slash four).
The producer of ``Barney and Friends,'' Lyons Group, for instance, recently gave PBS the right to recoup its $1.75 million investment in the show, after Lyons's earlier contract was criticized for being unfair to PBS.
Sampras also said he expected his Davis Cup peer, Jim Courier, to renege on his overwrought announcement, made after a loss in Indianapolis on Tuesday, that he planned to quit tennis temporarily.
Howard (Bumpy) Frazer, the president of the U.S. Tennis Association, had expressed an interest in the ATP Tour innovations that brought the sound of music to this week's Volvo event in New Haven, but he got a little less interested after hearing the sour note the changeover tunes hit with the players.
More than 1,000 cases have been reported in Dagestan, and after long debate public health officials enacted a quarantine there this week, although they acknowledged that it would do little good.
The Russian press has attacked the government for doing nothing about the epidemic, particularly after it was revealed that at least three people in Moscow have died from the disease in the last month.
Briefly the front-runner after a strong showing in a televised presidential debate May 12, Fernandez lost ground after he curtailed campaigning in late June and July.
A series of political and electoral reforms, the most important enacted this year after the Zapatista rebellion in the southernmost state of Chiapas, gives the major opposition parties their best shot yet at the presidency.
HOLY BULL AND CROLL ARE READY FOR TRAVERS STAKES AT SARATOGA SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y.  (BC-RAC-TRAVERS-325&ADD-NYT) It was 9:45 on a misty morning when the horse van stopped outside the stakes barn Friday and Holy Bull stepped down the ramp after nearly five hours on the road.
And Croll quickly checked his imposing gray horse, inspected the Clark Stakes Barn, where he took up residence for 48 hours and said with satisfaction: ``It's like the Waldorf-Astoria here.'' Down the line, where Wayne Lukas keeps his string of horses, Tabasco Cat relaxed after his morning gallop.
Croll said he wasn't worried about anything: Not the track, which was rated sloppy Friday but seemed to be drying after weeks of rainy spells.
Not even the fact that Holy Bull was trying to win a championship the hard way after running 12th in the Kentucky Derby, skipping the Preakness and the Belmont and planning to skip the Breeders' Cup in November.
He adds, subtracts, multiplies, divides, factors and links ``extra special numbers'' with one after another symbolic interpretation.
Who can blame them after what happened?'' Years later, while caring for a patient as a practical nurse in Florida, she picked up a pocket-sized New Testament.
Two years after the original test of the toilets, many of which were no bigger than an airplane lavatory, two city agencies are pursuing two new separate tests of larger toilets big enough for wheelchairs.
He ordered his staff to develop a plan and then won approval for it after a bruising fight with the city's Board of Supervisors.
The toilets, after all, had been standard conveniences all over Europe for a decade.
To answer complaints from the disabled, who were upset that the larger units did not automatically self-clean after each use with pressurized water like the smaller units, Decaux placed an attendant at each toilet to clean the larger units manually.
Why are you taking them out?''' But just months after the test ended in October 1992, Mayor David N.
There's enough stress just swimming.'' KELLY McPHERSON (a nonqualifier for the team after placing last in the women's 800-meter freestyle, 65 meters behind Evans, the winner) -- ``When I dived in at the start, the strap on my swim goggles broke.
I stopped after the first lap to look for the goggles and couldn't find them.
Roamin Rachel, a 4-year-old filly owned by the Tri Honors Stable, was running last in the field of six after half a mile while Mike Smith and Julie Krone were staging a speed duel up front aboard Twist Afleet and the favored Classy Mirage.
``Undue Influence,'' the third best seller for the former trial attorney, had the luck of getting published only weeks after the O.J. Simpson murder scandal really hit it big.
He's so good-hearted that he promises his wife on her deathbed that he would look after her younger sister, Laurel.
While Zedillo and the PRI struggled against Cardenas and Fernandez, Salinas publicly lusted after an appointment to head the World Trade Organization, a brand-new international body that will oversee commerce.
 (BC-KERBER-PROFILE-ART-2TAKES-$ADV21-NYT) Thanks to the Whirlpool Corp.'s transformation from a major North American appliance company into the industry's worldwide leader, David Whitwam, the chairman and chief executive, has been enjoying praise and recognition lately, including being the focus of a Harvard Business Review article, ``The Right Way to Go Global.'' But back in the middle of 1990, three years after Whitwam committed Whirlpool to the expansion now winning accolades, his strategy was in trouble.
He cited the report this week on initial jobless claims, noting the decline shown in the four-week moving average after two consecutive weeks of sharp drops.
``There isn't anything in the new approach that wasn't being done somewhere in the company,'' said Daniel McNicholl, who helped design the new procedures after following Kerber from McDonnell Douglas.
During a light practice Friday, center Brian Williams and linebacker Corey Widmer got in a fight after Williams threw the linebacker into the turf long after the play had been whistled dead.
Widmer got up and went after Williams and the two did the tango for about 30 seconds.
On Wednesday, members of a conference committee considering appropriations for the Treasury Department abruptly canceled their meeting after some members learned of an attempt to move the $10 million into the Treasury bill.
Shares of 20th Century Industries, an insurance company, fell 3|, to 12}, after the California Supreme Court upheld a government order for the company to pay $119 million in refunds.
Quaker Oats fell [, to 81~, after rising sharply on Thursday on takeover rumors.
A summer rally has not materialized, and Wall Street strategists who believe that the stock and bond markets are locked in wide trading ranges appear to be correct, especially after the Fed's increase in interest rates did little to shake the markets out of these ranges this week.
Also, the timing of this week's poll, just days after the start of the players' strike, could have affected the survey's results, prompting some fans to deny their allegiance as a protest against the walkout.
said Friday that its chief financial officer had resigned, only days after the computer superstore company reported a fourth-quarter loss that was much larger than Wall Street had expected.
Wall Street, which on Wednesday clobbered CompUSA's shares after the larger-than-expected fourth-quarter loss, had no reaction to Benjet's departure.
Real interst rates will probably go up sharply next year and after two and a quarter years of very very rapid rates of economic growth, there are bound to be stresses and strains in the economy which could generate responses from the government.
Last week, after long debate, a committee of the securities industry proposed a continuing education program for America's 480,000 brokers and traders.
Under the plan, subject to SEC approval, Wall Streeters with under 10 years' experience -- about 87 percent of them -- must bone up after their second, fifth and tenth years.
Shades of four years ago, when two American life insurers similarly troubled by bad investments -- Executive Life and Mutual Benefit Life -- were also placed under government control after being beset by troubled investments.
To prevent multiple voting, voters will have one of their thumbs stamped with indelible ink after they vote.
The judge also ordered unsealed a report on Ferguson that was prepared by a court-appointed psychiatrist and psychologist three weeks after the Dec.
``They're going to be in the crazy position of fighting for a crazy man's right to put on an impossible defense,'' Kunstler told reporters after the hearing.
The law offers special treatment for Cuban emigres, but only after they have been in the United States for one year.
The governor flew here Friday night to meet with Clinton, after many tense hours of politically sensitive negotiations.
He wants his agent to talk to Michael after the season and he has even soured on the prospect of getting at-bats by playing third base, first base and being a designated hitter next season.
In June, after former Prime Minister Tsutomu Hata took Japan's bureaucracy by surprise when he said that ``Japan has the capability to possess nuclear weapons, but it has not made them,'' those arguments were rolled out again.
This spring, after decades of planning, Japan finally fired up the $5 billion ``Monju'' breeder reactor, named for the Buddhist god of wisdom.
After long dispute, the Germans, who began breeder work in 1956, canceled their plans after a series of technical problems.
The British, after experimenting with small reactors, decided in 1988 to end their major projects, and they are unwilling to invest heavily in plans for a European breeder for fear there would be no commercial customers.
Caserta announced he would take a leave of absence as president of Spectrum to ``clear his name,'' a day after the arrests of five people at a company owned by his son-in-law.
And on March 30, Edward Maskaly, the replacement CEO for Sculley, himself resigned, citing the ``attacks'' of the media as the force that drove him out of the job after only nine days.
The jury verdict was overturned after a judge allowed an in-court conference to take place without Minsky's lawyers present.
A shell was hastily installed right after the disaster by lowering concrete blocks into place by remote control, but the process was imprecise, leaving over 10,000 square feet of spaces between the blocks.
The influx -- known as the Mariel boatlift, after the small Cuban port through which most of the emigrants fled -- had heavy political and economic costs for the Carter administration.
Clinton and Reno acted to change the Cuban refugee policy after impassioned pleas from Gov.
Senate subcommittee hearings a year after the book came out resulted in mandatory package inserts.
``I don't see anything different now -- there were sharp disagreements under Burns, there were sharp disagreements under Miller and there were sharp disagreements under Volcker.'' Federal Reserve officials are prohibited from giving interviews a week before and after each panel meeting and were not available for comment Friday.
``It's not fair after the policy being one way all this time and all of a sudden changing,'' stormed Lazaro Cardentey, 36, mopping sweat from his brow in the midday heat.
``Anyone who was on a ship or had not been processed was subject to detention.'' One of the last to get in under the wire and walk free on U.S. ground was Miriam Delgado, 30, who was rescued Thursday by the Coast Guard after spending four days adrift in a raft.
	CompUSA's chief financial officer resigned, only days after the computer superstore company reported a fourth-quarter loss that was much larger than Wall Street had expected.
	Soybean prices rose, after an unexpected purchase by Brazil raised hopes for higher overseas demand.
In the past Giuliani has said that he favored reviving the Office of the special state prosecutor, which was created after the corruption scandals of the 1970s but disbanded by Gov.
That match, after being delayed for two and a half hours, was halted again by rain Friday night with the third-seeded Becker leading, 3-0, in the first set.
``No, not at all,'' answered Stich, who after winning a career-high six tournaments last year on four different surfaces, overtook Becker when he rose to No. 2 in the world while Becker fell out of the top 10 for the first time since winning Wimbledon in 1985.
``I'm starting to feel as good on the court as I ever have,'' Becker said after beating Andrei Chesnokov Thursday night.
But I appreciate every win more than I did, say, five years ago.'' Match Points Yevgeny Kafelnikov, 20, of Russia, who in two years has jumped from 314th to 14th, was leading another German, Marc Goellner, 7-6 (7-2), 5-7, 3-1, when their quarterfinal match was suspended for the second time Friday night after an earlier rain delay.
``Undue Influence,'' the third best seller for the former trial attorney, had the luck of getting published only weeks after the O.J. Simpson murder scandal really hit it big.
He's so good-hearted that he promises his wife on her deathbed that he would look after her younger sister, Laurel.
Currently, the Budget Office estimates the cost only after a bill comes out of committee, too late to be useful in the initial shaping.
More openly than ever, his senior aides admit that he and they have made serious mistakes, some of them again and again, and they freely concede that Clinton is in a political ditch (which is, after all, no more than an acknowledgement of what the polls say).
Like those before and after him, he wore wool suits in Hong Kong's sweltering summers, charged through jungles in Malaysia with carloads of cash, ate curries in Bombay, and reveled in the opportunity to play financial swashbuckler.
Typically, the international officers moved around Asia every year or so after that.
Pizza Hut became embroiled in the debate over health insurance after supporters of a health bill that would require employers to insure all their workers noted that the fast food chain insured its workers abroad, while declining to cover all its employees in the United States.
The movement slackens after dark, when refugees tend to camp out so they do not get lost or fall prey to bandits.
On Thursday, the Rwandan prime minister, Faustin Twagiramungu, said the Tutsi-dominated army would move into the safe zone after the French pulled out on Monday.
``It was wrong then, it's wrong now, and I'm not going to let it happen again.'' The president's announcement, which came after 24 hours of awkward scrambling and mixed signals within the administration was greeted with relief by Gov.
Friday, officials at the White House and other agencies said that announcement had come only after a contentious and somewhat chaotic day of wrangling about what the administration should do to answer Chiles' pleas for help.
Clinton himself had endorsed the new policy by early Thursday evening after reviewing options drafted by Anthony Lake, his national security adviser, that were presented in a day of top-level meetings.
Finally, at 10:40 p.m., Ms. Reno read a halting statement to a half-dozen reporters and cameramen at the White House, after aides made a series of frantic telephone calls to news organizations.
FIRE ENDS SHIP'S CRUISE NEW YORK  (BC-YORK-SHIP-FIRE-NYT) A passenger ship ended a five-day voyage abruptly on Friday after a smoky fire broke out near the main deck, and the gleaming white cruiser returned hastily to a midtown pier in New York harbor and discharged more than 1,000 passengers.
The 41-year-old ship, the Regal Empress, which was finishing a cruise to New England and Canada, was greeted shortly after 8 a.m. at Pier 88 by a cavalcade of fire trucks, police cruisers, and ambulances.
KCBS DIRECTOR RESIGNS IN WAKE OF SIMPSON GAFFE LOS ANGELES  (BC-KCBS-NEWS-LADN) Bob Jordan has resigned as news director at KCBS (Channel 2) a month after an embarrassing gaffe on coverage of the O.J. Simpson story led to a series of on-air apologies and brought significant scorn onto the KCBS news department.
Jordan will depart the station effective next Friday, less than a year after he started.
It wasn't until a day after the story aired that a Channel 2 technician came forward to note that the time stamped on the videotape -- 10:28 -- actually referred to 10:28 p.m., the time the tape was transmitted to the station's studios, and not 10:28 a.m., the time Levin had presumed the tape was shot.
`O.J. SIMPSON STORY' ON HOLD LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-MOVIE-LADN) Fox Broadcasting Co. has had a change of heart and will not run its TV movie on the life of O.J. Simpson until after a jury has been chosen for the trial that is scheduled to begin the week of Sept.
``However, after our internal assessment of the situation and after discussions with Mr. Simpson's counsel, we have decided to postpone the Sept.
until after the jury has been selected.
``We believe this is consistent with our stated policy to date, which has been to evaluate each stage of development of the movie in light of our responsibilities as broadcasters.'' The decision comes after Robert Shapiro, the attorney heading Simpson's defense team in his trial for the murder of his ex-wife, Nicole, and her friend Ronald Goldman, had made a public plea with Fox to delay airing the film that appealed to Fox's ``common sense and principles of fair play.'' But Fox responded at the time that the film -- described as ``an intimate look into the life of the former football superstar'' that dramatizes his and Nicole's ``tumultuous relationship'' -- would refrain from making any judgment on Simpson's guilt or innocence and air as scheduled.
Nearly 50,000 Cali fornia customers began slipping The Restaurant Card into their wallets in 1992 after Transmedia created a franchise operation, Western Transmedia Co., head quartered in San Francisco.
-- Personal note to news director Bob Jordan, who is leaving KCBS (Channel 2) for Tampa, Fla., after presiding over ``Action News''-man Harvey Levin's ``What time is Marcia Clark at O.J.'s house?'' fiasco: Be sure to set your watch.
But after hearing of the across-the-board cuts, Sen.
``Any cuts should be from the social-spending account.'' However, Senate majority leader George Mitchell said Thursday, after the meeting at the White House in which the compromise was laid out, that he expected it to be passed by the Senate.
The two sides began meeting Friday afternoon after Clinton's conciliatory remarks at his news conference about cutting spending in the huge bill.
Cohen said that after Robert Reischauer, director of the Congressional Budget Office, warned the group Wednesday that subsidies were expensive, ``There was a rather significant shift from the concept of mandated universal coverage to one of cost containment.'' Its approach to universal coverage is to call for a commission to recommend to Congress what should be done if 95 percent of the public is not insured by the year 2001, a provision almost identical to the version adopted in the Senate Finance Committee.
``We have no special need to keep a boat from leaving,'' Castro said during a rambling television news conference just hours after he was forced to personally intervene in the disturbances on the waterfront and call out rapid response brigades to disperse rioters.
5 after authorities seized a ferryboat that had been hijacked in Havana Bay.
The rioting, and the exodus that has followed it, come after years of economic decline and growing dissatisfaction among Cubans with Castro's inability to halt it.
``No one knows what might happen tomorrow,'' he said after the riot.
``I believe it did so.'' Finally, investigators have asked bankers about a separate campaign-related account at the bank totaling $35,000 that Clinton was allowed to keep after closing out the books on the campaign, according to witnesses and lawyers who have talked with the investigators.
Soon after the election, Clinton appointed him to the board of the State Highway Commission.
Lindsey says the last of this money was eventually repaid in October 1991, one week after Clinton began his run for president.
The $35,000 separate account maintained in the Perry County Bank stems from a provision of Arkansas law governing the disposition of campaign funds after an election.
The law requires a candidate to distribute surplus funds within 30 days after the election to the state treasurer, a political party or contributors.
The charges against Reynolds who won election after five years of trying, were announced by the Cook County state's attorney, Jack O'Malley, a Republican.
He was also indicted for child pornography after asking the girl, who is now 18, to obtain for him ``lewd photographs of another girl who was age 15.'' He asked for the pictures just a few weeks ago, according to the authorities.
Traders have been particularly concerned about the Revlon Worldwide bonds, which were issued in April 1993, after a plan to offer 18 percent of Revlon Consumer Products Co. to the public fell through.
``We'll be able to see more clearly whether what they're doing is effective after seeing some signs last quarter that things were starting to get a little better.'' 
Not only were there only two founding members of the '70s blues-rock band remaining (the keyboardist Bill Payne and, on drums, Ritchie Hayward), but the re-formed version (which got together in 1988, nine years after its frontman, Lowell George, died) recently parted ways with its singer, Craig Fuller.
Through the Beacon program, 37 schools like Junior High 45 offer health services, counseling, computer instruction and late-night weekend basketball and other sports to youngsters after school hours and during the summer.
The measure authorizes $630 million during the next five years to keep schools like Junior High 45 open after hours for tutoring, job training, sports and arts and crafts workshops.
Three months after she took up the breast stroke, Crystal said she has found a mission in life.
With her confidence growing after she won a trophy at a recent meet, she said, ``Swimming gives me goals and it could get me a scholarship to college.
Washington High School in Tulsa, Okla., McGee rebuilt his football career last fall after transferring to Northeastern Oklahoma A&M.
And for the next two years, I felt Oklahoma would be a better situation for me.'' Oklahoma agreed -- after a thorough background check.
But we'll throw, too.'' McGee now looks to be a natural fit in the Oklahoma attack, but he barely talked with the Sooners three years ago after finishing high school.
He was 82 and lived in Jackson Heights, N.Y. He died of complications after an extended illness, said Harry Morriss, his brother-in-law.
Soon after his first solo exhibition at the Howard Putzel Gallery in Hollywood in 1938, he moved to New York, where the art dealer Klaus Perls saw his work.
They've taken care of me and my family,'' Gregorio Garcia, a 60-year-old vendor who, after 45 years on the street, takes home about $100 a week.
Obviously these kinds of handouts influence votes.'' Mexican political parties do not have to file spending reports until three months after the vote, long after paper trails of campaign finance abuse could be destroyed.
Time and time and time we have rejected diagnosis after diagnosis.
I agree with my colleague, I'd like to get to the core of this and go after the tough issues, and you'd vote.
The shirts say: ``Channel Islands Swim Team.'' ``We were out on the (Santa Rosa) Island after they discovered it, and have been following the whole thing,'' she added.
I wonder if they're drawing straws in Indianapolis to see who asks Bill Tobin if he thinks Mel Kiper Jr. was right after all about drafting Trent Dilfer instead of Trev Alberts.
``It's not fair after the policy being one way all this time and all of a sudden changing,'' stormed Lazaro Cardentey, 36, mopping sweat from his brow in the midday heat.
``Anyone who was on a ship or had not been processed was subject to detention.'' One of the last to get in under the wire and walk free on U.S. ground was Miriam Delgado, 30, who was rescued Thursday by the Coast Guard after spending four days adrift in a raft.
The tournament began Friday, with play continuing today at 7:30 a.m. and Sunday at 8 a.m. The finals will be Sunday at 11 a.m. A third-place game will take place after the final.
``When you have kids, you don't want to stay on the road after tournaments, you want to come home and be with your kids,'' O'Hara said.
She gained 26 pounds in her pregnancy and started training two weeks after delivering.
``The year after I had Michael was a really good year,'' O'Hara said.
He laughed after he said that, knowing full well that any extended action he receives tonight will be interpreted as confirmation he's on the trading block.
Wright will be playing his first exhibition this preseason after pulling his right calf muscle.
Mamselle Bebette replaced Cool Air, withdrawn from the match after developing a breathing problem last weekend.
Northridge fell behind 6-3 after two innings, trailing for the first time in regional play.
Pitcher Justin Gentile didn't make it out of the first inning after giving up four walks, two hits and three runs.
But on a warm, sunny day after the Brickyard 400 -- when the choices were NascarWorld or a tour of a tire factory -- one's sense of childlike wonder was suddenly renewed.
When he said that Nascar also inspects the decals on the cars to assure a family atmosphere, though, you felt like asking him if he thought Hooter's restaurants are named after owls.
When we went out a few days after the election and did a poll of people who said they had voted, we had Dewey elected again.
``Once, after I spoke to a trade association, a lawyer said to me, `I've never seen a survey that hasn't proved the client's case.' And I said, `How often have you put a witness on the stand who would demolish your client's case?''' ``You can make a case that polling has been overdone in the past 10 years or so, but better overdone than underdone, because it has made government and manufacturers more sensitive to public needs and desires than they would have been otherwise.
Democrats are deeply divided on whether going after the Christian right offers opportunity, danger or both.
Douglas Wilder of Virginia, a Democrat who is making an independent bid for senator, said he has seen candidates lose elections, particularly in the South, after criticizing the Christian right.
On a recent episode of ``Bugged,'' for example, Karl called to complain blandly about ``slow drivers in the fast lane.'' Mike called to say ``alternative music is seriously bugging me.'' Harrison blames this meekness on the camera: even though callers can't be seen, they feel they can be -- after all, the host is looking right at them.
 (BC-PAULING-OBIT-2NDTAKE-NYT) By July 1952, after a number of attempts, Pauling managed to obtain a ``limited passport'' for travel to Britain and France.
Robert Oppenheimer, a key scientist in the development of the atomic bomb, whose security clearance had been withdrawn because of concerns about his patriotism after he voiced objections to the government's crash program to develop a hydrogen bomb.
It was a most impressive gathering, but Pauling joined it only after picketing the White House with members of the Woman's Strike for Peace, who were protesting the resumption by the United States of atmospheric testing of nuclear weapons.
7, 1981, after 58 years of marriage and rearing four children, she died at the age 77.
In 1976, shortly after he had turned 75, Pauling addressed a meeting of the American Chemical Society, which was observing its centennial.
``Everybody on the jury was a fool to believe her,'' said the boy's father, also named Kevin Young, who now lives in Columbia, Md. The 35-year-old father, a corporate sales representative, said he and his wife left California not long after their child's death.
We're still together, but, you know, things have changed,'' Young says, explaining that he and his wife fell apart emotionally and financially after their baby's death.
She even had to get rid of her trusty '79 Honda after the water pump broke on the way to the courthouse.
``What do you say -- `Can I keep my job after my acquittal?' You don't want to be a freak at the place of employment,'' she said.
This will not have a negative impact on employees.'' School district spokesman Bill Rivera said Thompson counseled Magee after the incident in June.
``As a matter of fact, I was emotionally upset for three or four months after it because whoever started it did start it and it got by us.'' 
WOODSTOCK WITHOUT THE MUD LOS ANGELES  (BC-TECHNO-BABBLE-LADN) Twenty-five years after the fact, this member of the Woodstock Generation has been checking out the seminal rock festival in the style to which we're all supposedly going to become accustomed.
Whether they live in Kansas or New York, whether rich or poor, kids are watching shows like Cindy Crawford's ``House of Style'' and modeling themselves after what they see.
There, Robert Reischauer and his weary staff ponder the costs and consequences of one proposal after another.
They shifted away from seeking greatly expanded insurance coverage after they emerged grimly from a meeting with him and said they were ``shocked, shocked'' to learn that it costs a lot of money to buy health insurance for millions of people.
And so, after one consecutive week of Saturday health care matinees, the Senate chamber was dark Saturday.
One prime-time network reference notes that Ladd was well suited to replace Fawcett after the first year because her qualifications ``seemed to fit the show's standards: 35-23-34.'' ``In the '70s, it was called a `jiggle show,''' Condon said.
All he will say is that his ``Charlie's Angels'' legacy will live on long after he's gone.
``As a matter of fact, I was emotionally upset for three or four months after it because whoever started it did start it and it got by us.'' 
GROWING OLD, POLITICALLY: IT'S THE VOTERS WHO SEEM TO GET CRANKY ALBANY, N.Y.  (BC-POLITICIANS-REVIEW-2TAKES-NYT) Less than three years after spurning a chance at presidential immortality, Mario Cuomo, the man so often cast as New York's Hamlet on the Hudson, now risks the humiliation and abandonment of Lear.
In neighboring New Jersey, meanwhile, the state's freshman governor, Christie Whitman, once scorned as a lightweight candidate, suddenly finds herself mentioned as a possible 1996 vice-presidential hopeful after pushing a groundbreaking income tax cut through a sympathetic Legislature.
``That does Pataki a world of good.'' In an era of widespread disillusionment with politics, as demonstrated by the visceral appeal of term limits, it should not be surprising that even a national Democratic icon like Cuomo can face widespread antagonism after three terms in office.
But a decade after the 1983 report ``A Nation at Risk'' alerted America to broad failures in American education, the news is not much better.
``To me it was clear when I landed that we needed military help,'' said Philippo Grandi, the emergency coordinator for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, who arrived in Goma in mid-July soon after the bulk of the Hutu refugees streamed here in the face of advances by Tutsi-led rebels, who eventually ousted the government in Kigali.
 (BC-RWANDA-REVIEW-2NDTAKE-NYT) U.S. soldiers did not begin work in Goma until July 28, 11 days after the bulk of the refugees arrived and seven days after the outbreak of cholera.
(Somalia aside, there is a happy recent precedent: the U.S. military assistance provided to Bangladesh after a 1991 typhoon.) Three of the military top brass have come to Goma to have a look: Defense Secretary William J.
2 ALIENS, AMERICAN VARIETY, TRAIN FOR RUSSIAN SPACE MISSION STAR CITY, Russia  (BC-U.S.-RUSSIA-SPACE-NYT) Four floors above the apartment where Yuri Gagarin lived after his pioneer space flight in 1961, a U.S. astronaut sat down to dinner recently with Russian teachers.
It was, after all, the pride of the Soviet space program, and maps and phone lists were considered top secret.
SADDAM IMPOSES SHARP RESTRICTIONS ON ALCOHOL BAGHDAD, Iraq  (BC-IRAQ-ALCOHOL-375&ADD-NYT) With little food available after four years of sanctions, eating out in Baghdad is not much fun these days.
And this suggests to many diplomats here that he is now seriously concerned about the country's deteriorating economic condition after four years of sanctions.
``I think the president has made it very clear with the actions that he has taken today that we are not going to allow Castro to dictate this situation,'' Chiles said after a meeting with Attorney General Janet Reno, deputy national security adviser Sandy Berger and other officials.
Clinton's announcement came after an hour-long meeting Friday night in the White House with Chiles and South Florida community leaders and another meeting Saturday between the Floridians and administration officials.
He's 13 and he's already 6-1, 6-2.'' Not only hasn't the strike depressed Anderson, but neither has the rumor that circulated recently about his possible demise as the Tigers' manager after 16 seasons.
Cases can be documented where players, particularly pitchers, suffered in their performances after a work stoppage in which they were involved on the union's negotiating committee.
No one, it turns out, was keeping track of drugs and alcohol and, after the fact, no one seems to know for sure what drug was most popular.
DESPITE POTENTIAL RICHES, SIBERIA REMAINS A LAND OF DESPAIR YAKUTSK, Russia  (BC-SIBERIA-805(3TAKES)-ART-NYT) They shot it out at noon, not long after a hard summer rain had turned the city roads to mud.
Many of the region's aging residents were lured there during the glory days of Communism with promises of extra pay, fancy vacations, subsidized food and a guaranteed pension after 15 years of work.
One inning later, Connors is raving after the 23-year-old Hitchcock whistles an 80-mile-per-hour change-up past the cleanup batter, Chris Cron.
But all that changed with the discovery of the body of 9-year-old Anna Marie Emry of Grinnell and the arrest of Morgan after the authorities said he had helped them find the body.
Johnny's mother, Noreen Gosch of Des Moines, had come to Brighton to help with the search for Anna Marie but ended up having to comfort the Emry family after they received word of their daughter's death.
The farmers till a land whose history is as rich as the soil: 10,000 years ago, the glacial lakes covered the highly organic soil, known as muck, in Orange County, which represents the second-largest concentration of muck in the United States, after the Everglades in Florida.
Paul Ruszkiewicz, 18, of Pine Island, plans to return to the farm after college.
``I've told him if he doesn't have an M.B.A., he doesn't qualify to run this business,'' said Ruszkiewicz, who returned to the family farm after retiring as an Army lieutenant colonel in 1980.
``But the line is there until he goes and probably for some time beyond,'' the analyst said, underscoring that in China, to be paramount leader means that ``the daily ability just to breathe in and out still counts heavily.'' Five years after the pro-democracy uprising at Tiananmen Square, it is also Deng's controlling viewpoint that prevents any consideration of reversing the official verdict that the students took part in a ``counter-revolutionary rebellion,'' a verdict that has shattered the lives of thousands of young Chinese and tarred many of them with criminal records.
 (BC-CHINA-DENG-2NDTAKE-NYT) It was just a year ago that Li disappeared for months after a heart attack in April 1993.
If Li leads a grab for power after Deng's death, he will have to attract powerful backing in the military and among the aged revolutionary heroes that outlive Deng.
The fact that his movements and speeches still command notice in regional newspapers keeps alive the speculation that Yang, perhaps in alliance with other leaders who are believed to favor reversing the verdict of Tiananmen Square, will make a comeback after Deng's death.
(This came after Jackson's initial, tainted conviction in the Waldbaum's case had been overturned.) Prosecutors in the Kings County district attorney's office claimed to have a witness -- the dead woman's ``roommate'' at the concession stand -- who saw Jackson having sex with the victim and then saw him leaving with bloodstains on his clothes.
The prosecution then went after Ms. Moroney with a vengeance.
How hard did prosecutors go after Cruz for this crime?
Four secret police agents were convicted of the murder in 1985, but few Poles were satisfied that the killers could have acted on their own, and the case was reopened after the collapse of communism.
The latest departures began after an anti-Castro riot on the Havana waterfront two weeks ago, the most visible political protest in years.
Alberts is out for the season after injuring his elbow in the Colts' first preseason game against Seattle two weeks ago.
Trial participants, especially witnesses and jurors, would be barred from selling their stories to the news media until 90 days after the close of a trial.
The judge, after all, has First Amendment rights, too.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
The latest departures began after an anti-Castro riot on the Havana waterfront two weeks ago, the most visible political protest in years.
The candidate of the right-of-center National Action Party, Diego Fernandez de Cevallos, has held on to about twice the support of Cardenas with a campaign promising, ``The only change that's safe.'' But after surging forward in the polls by battering Zedillo in the country's first debate among major presidential candidates, on May 12, the cigar-smoking lawyer almost vanished from public view, campaigning infrequently while he said he was preparing for a second debate, which never took place.
Political parties were barred from campaigning after Wednesday and the program itself has been prohibited from advertising in the weeks before the vote, but the message was nonetheless clear: Vote for the PRI and continue to cash in.
Ros, who fled Cuba in 1961, two years after Fidel Castro came to power, question the motives of those who are taking to boats now.
Then, after President Vaclav Havel of the Czech Republic and other leaders in the new democracies pleaded that the stations be saved because they considered their broadcasts irreplaceable, the administration and Congress agreed to continue financing them, but only if they consolidated with the Voice of America, with a budget ceiling of $75 million in 1996.
``If Congress gives the go-ahead, we will start negotiations for a lease and be ready to move in after a minimum of renovation,'' said Kevin Klose, the president of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty Inc., the independent corporation that runs the stations.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Klose, 53, a former Moscow correspondent for The Washington Post, became president of the Munich operation this summer after a tumultuous series of executive shifts.
It may have the same name in Prague, but it won't be the same organization that played such a role in bringing down communism in Eastern Europe and is still needed to keep it down.'' In the first week after the settlement, more than 200 employees accepted voluntary severance packages as high as $106,000 for those in their 50s.
Many people, Clegg said, were nervous about going to Prague so soon after the return of democracy there.
She started interviewing in March and found a job only two weeks ago, after an exhaustive six-month search.
And after a full day's work, many nurses said they felt they had no choice but to attend classes if they wanted to stay competitive.
``She brings to this an understanding of the issue and of the scope of response that may be necessary.'' Not since Ms. Reno's commanding performance after the FBI's disastrous assault on the Branch Davidian compound in April 1993 has she found herself so visibly in the limelight.
The other two, surprisingly, were the new guys, Angelos and McMorris, and their alarm is akin to newlyweds of Hatfields and McCoys who only began to comprehend the depth of the animosity in the feud after the marriages were performed.
He knows he has been a third-stringer for his first two seasons, and after a while, when that happens, that is how coaches think of him.
In his final season at East Carolina, Blake pulled his team ahead half a dozen times after it trailed in the second half.
``It's a shame that no matter how much talent you have, until you get the chance, it never shows.'' Blake remained with the Jets after O'Brien made way for Nagle, and after Taylor also was cut.
Those strong emotions he had after the decision was made have been tempered.
I choose not to dwell on the negative things.'' Both Brown and Graham deserve a tremendous amount of credit for how they handled the whole situation: Brown because he didn't gloat after he got the job and he commended Graham, and Graham because he congratulated Brown and didn't pout.
The score came after San Diego had just scored a touchdown to cut the Giants' lead to to 21-20.
And that meant there was more to life than swimming, hour after hour, day after day, 50 meters up the pool and 50 meters back.
From the moment that the sun rose here on Saturday, shortly after 6 a.m., until the expected but nonetheless abrupt closing of the border, refugees were on the move.
DESPITE POTENTIAL RICHES, SIBERIA REMAINS A LAND OF DESPAIR YAKUTSK, Russia  (BC-SIBERIA-805(3TAKES)-ART-NYT) They shot it out at noon, not long after a hard summer rain had turned the city roads to mud.
Many of the region's aging residents were lured there during the glory days of Communism with promises of extra pay, fancy vacations, subsidized food and a guaranteed pension after 15 years of work.
LAW SCHOOL CALLS BIAS RULING A VICTORY  (BC-TEXAS-LAWSCHOOL-500&ADD-NYT) Officials at the University of Texas Law School were claiming a near complete victory Saturday, after a federal judge ruled on Friday that, although the school's affirmative action policies were technically unconstitutional, the school did not have to admit the four students who had challenged those policies.
``He almost made it all the way to Miami after 11 days with two other guys on a raft,'' she explained.
ZAIRE CLOSES BORDER, BUT AID AGENCIES SAY THAT THEY CAN CARE FOR REFUGEES BUKAVU, Zaire  (BC-RWANDA-500&ADDS-NYT) The border here was closed early on Saturday afternoon by the Zairian authorities after nearly 20,000 Rwandans crossed into Zaire, leaving thousands on the Rwandan side, frustrated after several days of walking.
But the mass movement has occurred despite intensive efforts to persuade the Rwandans not to flee and convince them that they would be safe in southwestern Rwanda even after the French left.
Immaculee Nyirabaruma, a 28-year-old peasant, left her village near Gikongoro after Patriotic Front soldiers came in, took people away and killed them, she said.
THE 1993 TRAVERS HERO RETURNS ON NEW SURFACE SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y.  (BC-RAC-NOTEBOOK-NYT) A year after he won the Travers at odds of almost 7-1, Sea Hero was back at Saratoga on Saturday and scheduled to run in the race after this year's Travers, a $50,000 handicap at nine furlongs on the turf.
Through the first 25 of the 34 scheduled dates, attendance was 541,896, down from 650,531 after 25 dates last year.
A day after Clinton shut the main valve of escape for fleeing Cubans, the decision to sever other links represented another major change in course in American policy toward Cuba, whose people until now could see the United States as offering salvation.
Whether by climbing aboard rickety rafts or relying on money sent from abroad, Cubans could always count on generous holes in the cordon erected by the United States after Fidel Castro took power.
But Clinton, who paid an enormous political price as governor of Arkansas after the Mariel boatlift in 1980 when Cuban prisoners rioted at a military base in his state, sought instead to prevent a repeat of the exodus.
But administration officials, who first decided merely to cut that allowance in half, to $150 a quarter, said they had decided to eliminate it altogether after Cuban-American leaders who met with Clinton at the White House on Friday night told him they would embrace such a step.
What remains after the ships depart are images of wealth and abundance from abroad.
The terror plot in the second case was, the government says, hatched after the trade center explosion but was foiled by the police before any of the targets were hit.
Of those, 450 will be used in Prospect Park, which became the focus of increased police attention after two rapes this year and the highly publicized killing of a teacher last year.
``The general architecture for an agreement is in place, but there are still some unresolved issues.'' Sometimes after long meetings, he added, small things become magnified beyond their significance.
And that was four years after Affirmed was disqualified for interfering with his archrival Alydar in a Travers field of four.
And Holy Bull, after skipping the rest of the Triple Crown series, outran older horses in the Metropolitan Mile, won the Dwyer and the Haskell Invitational and vanned from his home on the Jersey Shore to Saratoga on Friday looking for the one horse he had not defeated, Tabasco Cat.
But Jimmy Croll, who owns and trains Holy Bull, said that his horse was serene after his five-hour drive from Monmouth Park only 24 hours earlier.
Saturday, he finished first at the Columbus Circle entrance to Central Park, 64 days and 2,926 miles after he began.
President Clinton and other U.S. officials agreed with Salinas' prediction, though the State Department warned U.S. citizens in Mexico to be wary of possibly raucus gatherings after the results are announced late tonight or early tomorrow.
He was, after all, born in 1934 in Mexico's version of the White House because his father, the late Lazaro Cardenas, was president at the time.
To this town outside of Morelia, 180 miles northwest of Mexico City, the money came a bit late -- three years after the same government stopped guaranteeing the price of corn, when Rios' income dropped severely.
Soon after having a baby, they were eager to trade up to ``the American dream with a garden,'' as Mrs.
Browning-Ferris needed a southeastern Pennsylvania site after its 1989 acquisition of a privately held trash hauling company.
But even after that, from what I heard, he never did go in for self-promotion.
Although after he hit the 61 home runs I guess it sometimes got to be a burden.
Instead, the earth-moving machines at the construction site in St. Louis County hit wooden packing crates containing the bones and skulls of people who presumably were buried sometime after 1900.
``I'd rather not answer that,'' Croll said, after Holy Bull had blown away the rabbit, Commanche Trail, and held off the surprise, Concern, without ever having to deal seriously with Tabasco Cat himself.
``Wayne said he'd get the microscope out,'' Croll said after the race.
``I think it's been a competitive season if you crowned everybody right now,'' said Hershiser, who is 6-6 for a team that is 58-56 after 114 games.
The strike is giving time for his hand to heal after it was broken by a pitch one day before the strike.
Other deputies said they did not know until after the filming that it was political.
One deputy said the ``release form to my recollection was very general in nature and did not identify who they were filming for.'' Another deputy said that after she was videotaped putting handcuffs and leg irons on a film crew member posing as an inmate, she was told that they were filming a commercial for Bush's gubernatorial campaign.
The reports indicate that Pope gave directives to the deputies on duty, and he is quoted as telling one of the deputies that ``they are making a commercial for George Bush for governor; he and the sheriff are from the same Republican Party.'' The Sheriff's Department civil service rules state, ``Tarrant County employees shall not be allowed to perform or be involved in political services, campaigning or related activities during their normal working hours or while directly on the payroll at the specific time such other activities are being performed.'' A code of conduct in a new personnel manual approved by Williams in June and distributed to employees July 27 -- eight days after the filming -- also prohibits employees from engaging in political activity.
Williams said that after the commercial was filmed, he reviewed the code of conduct and wondered whether he had violated his own rules.
DODGERS' BUTLER NOT HOPEFUL STRIKE WILL END SOON LOS ANGELES  (BC-BBN-BUTLER-LADN) Dodgers center fielder Brett Butler said he was ``a little bit more disheartened'' in his hopes for a settlement to baseball's players strike after seeing the list of ``owners'' likely to attend next week's resumed negotiations in New York.
Those three and Selig-Prieb reportedly are in the first group expected to meet with the union after protocol rules are hammered out Monday.
I'd like to see the reactions of Tom Watson or Arnold Palmer or Jack Nicklaus if they played ``(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction'' after a double bogey at the Masters.
``Sergio has earned what he's got now, but it's sort of strange that he has Paulie Ayala to thank for it.'' Two years after representing America in Barcelona, Spain, Reyes is ranked No.2 by the U.S. Boxing Federation and No.7 in the International Boxing Federation.
``Paulie is feeling great -- he's ready to chew nails, or anything else in front of him,'' said Sherman, who feels confident after seeing his client shine in sparring sessions against former North American Boxing Federation bantam champ John Michael Johnson and former IBF lightweight champ and Mansfield native Troy Dorsey.
American League president Lee MacPhail helped solve the 50-day 1981 strike when he replaced Ray Grebey as the owners' lead negotiator after Grebey's relationship with union chief Marvin Miller had disintegrated beyond hope.
Carter spent 1993 at Phoenix, the Giants' Triple-A affiliate, but was released after the season.
Carter showed he could pitch when he threw the first (and so far only) no-hitter in the league on June 21, but old injuries flared up after that start.
The coach mentioned Gould, an unpaid assistant after finishing his eligibility as an all-conference outfielder.
Other plugs: Pitching changes are sponsored by a lawn-sprinkler company, which also has a shower set up behind the dugout (it was installed for pitchers to use after being removed, but they understandably declined); a red carpet for visiting dignitaries is sponsored by a carpet company; and there's a cellular phone in the bleachers down the right-field line sponsored by a telephone company.
He pursued a military career after the end of the war and retired from the U.S. Air Force as a colonel in 1969.
Police Officer Victor Lebron of the 34th Precinct, who arrived shortly after the shooting, said: ``It was total bedlam.
``He just didn't handle the track,'' Lukas said back at his barn, long after the race was over.
But it was upgraded to good before the fifth race and then to fast by the time the Travers went off at just after 5 p.m. Yet Holy Bull, who, like Tabasco Cat, did not seem to like the slop in Kentucky on Derby day, had no problems at all with the surface on Saturday.
But it will be hard to vote for Tabasco Cat after watching Holy Bull beat him so easily -- even with the race setting up just like Lukas wanted it to.
Asked why he rushed back, Walters said, ``I'm trying to win me a position.'' He reported feeling ``fairly stiff'' after the scrimmage.
Shortly after Gibson spoke with reporters, Chavis appeared with his wife, Martha, at his side.
But soon after he took the position, it became clear that he was seeking to change the direction of the staid civil rights organization.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) The emergency board meeting was convened after the revelation last month that Chavis had reached a settlement of a sexual harassment lawsuit against him that could cost the organization up to $332,400, without the knowledge of the board or the NAACP's general counsel.
TWO MISSING CHILDREN FOUND IN A LOCKED CLOSET NEW YORK  (BC-NY-KIDNAPPED-KIDS-NYT) Two children, apparently kidnapped by a custodian from a Harlem church, were found locked in a closet at an apartment occupied by the man on Saturday morning, 19 hours after they had disappeared, the police said.
The children, whom the police declined to identify, disappeared about 3 p.m. on Friday after their grandmother, who was doing repair work at the Gospel Temple Church at 104 West 130th Street, sent them to buy something at a nearby hardware store.
Harper and Irvin will become free agents after this season, and there's a good chance Cowboys owner Jerry Jones will not give both receivers contracts good enough to keep them on the team.
That's why, like Switzer, Irvin also said he believes he and Harper will no longer be teammates after this season.
However, with the emergence of second-year pro Kevin Williams and rookie Willie Jackson, Jones might deem Harper expendable after this season because of salary-cap complications.
With a solid season, Harper could become one of the league's most attractive free agents after this year.
He was turned off by the public outcry after the June arrest of fellow receiver and roommate Mike Adams, who was charged with aggravated assault on a former girlfriend and assault on a police officer.
You don't find too many people (players) talking to kids, signing autographs, going to school.'' Teammates voiced support for Pinkney and Adams, characterizing them as team-oriented players who, in the estimation of offensive tackle Blake Brockermeyer, ``have a lot of stuff written about them that's unfair and untrue.'' Mackovic said he could understand Pinkney's outrage over yesterday's report because, ``I thought liking our two players to the other individual went past what the story could support.'' Despite his unhappiness with his present situation, Pinkney said he has given no thought to petitioning for the National Football League draft after this season.
Less than 15 minutes after the conclusion of one game, Fisher hustled off to the team barracks, exchanged his uniform for swim trunks and was ready to dive into the pool.
Then last Thursday, after participating in a water fight, he needed seven stitches to repair a cut on his finger from trying to move a bunk bed.
Williamsport is our dream.'' -- It was suggested O.J. Simpson might be in San Bernardino after camera crews from Channels 2, 4, 7, 9, 11 and 13 were on hand for Friday's final.
We're a little behind with that,'' Mackovic said, alluding to the late arrival of split end Lovell Pinkney, who regained his eligibility Tuesday, and Adams' possible availability after a 60-day suspension ends Aug.28.
``I realize I've got three years left, but it's still hard to sit there and watch.'' BRIEFLY Brockermeyer, on the possibility of leaving school after his junior season to enter the National Football League draft: ``It's something you can't ever rule out.
Quarterback Jeff Hostetler saw his most extensive action of the practice season, completing 15 of 21 passes for 169 yards before sitting out after halftime.
Hostetler led the Raiders to four scores in the second-quarter for a 20-3 halftime lead after throwing an interception on the team's first possession.
The Rams punted after three downs on the ensuing possession, and Hostetler led a 50-yard drive to the Rams 15, where the Raiders settled for a 33-yard Jeff Jaeger field goal.
The Rams were forced to punt after three plays.
``When you have that much time to throw the ball, receivers are going to get open.'' Also, the Raiders scored after a block punt, a fumble, a 35-yard pass-interference penalty and an interception ``There's reason for concern,'' running back Jerome Bettis said.
Raiders linebacker Mike Jones had his hand X-rayed after hurting it in the third quarter.
(HarperCollins, $24.) A woman tries to cope after an act of violence destroys her perfect family life.
The experiences of women after the deaths of their mothers.
	(Pocket, $6.99) A mother and her teen-age 	daughter go on a spree after winning 	$60 million in a lottery.
``It won't stop until people learn to parent properly and not use drugs.'' Samantha Scott of suburban North Hollywood said that after raising four children to adulthood she expected to enjoy her grandchildren, minus the daily cares of child-rearing.
``It won't stop until people learn to parent properly and not use drugs.'' Samantha Scott of suburban North Hollywood said that after raising four children to adulthood she expected to enjoy her grandchildren, minus the daily cares of child-rearing.
Like many other Americans who are watching and listening to this debate, I feel a sense of confusion and apprehension after listening to the claims and counterclaims that have been conjured up by the lobbying groups on all sides of the issue and by the charges which have been hurled from both sides of the aisle on this floor.'' Hatfield: ``I believe the Mitchell bill (proposed by Democratic leaders) is fatally flawed.
Q: If the owner of an IRA using the recalculation method dies after distribution starts, can the spouse change the method of distribution to term certain?
``Five minutes after the tax announcement on Tuesday, we were buried underneath phone calls,'' said Eddy Shalev, managing director of the Tel Aviv office of Oscar Gruss & Son of New York, a major dealer in Israeli stocks.
ANALYSIS: HEALTH CARE DEBATE IS DEJA VU ALL OVER AGAIN WASHINGTON  (BC-COX-HEALTH-OVERVIEW-COX) Two days after President Clinton outlined his plan for health coverage for everyone, Sen.
But, after more than $100 million worth of clashing attack ads, campaign contributions and lobbying pressure, much has changed: -- Senate Democrats have replaced Clinton's elaborate plan with a trimmer, deficit-neutral proposal introduced by Majority Leader George Mitchell.
Now it probably would insure about 90 percent of NYW tad-z u wbx nt26 nt07 uwbx WASHINGTON -- Two days after President Clinton outlined his plan for health coverage for everyone, Sen.
But, after more than $100 million worth of clashing attack ads, campaign contributions and lobbying pressure, much has changed: -- Senate Democrats have replaced Clinton's elaborate plan with a trimmer, deficit-neutral proposal introduced by Majority Leader George Mitchell.
Boxer corrected him, noting that she, Gramm and other members of Congress who have served five years or more can keep their group insurance for 18 months after they leave and switch to an individual policy after that.
``Like many other Americans who are watching and listening to this debate, I feel a sense of confusion and apprehension after listening to the claims and counterclaims that have been conjured up by the lobbying groups on all sides of the issue and by the charges which have been hurled from both sides of the aisle on this floor,'' said Byrd, a former majority leader who chairs the Appropriations Committee.
Salinas, who was constitutionally barred from seeking a second consecutive term, picked Zedillo to manage the campaign of Luis Donaldo Colosio, whom Salinas had chosen as the PRI presidential candidate after a divisive internal competition.
But Colosio was assassinated March 23, plummeting the ruling party into a disarray that persisted even after Salinas tapped Zedillo -- who has never held elective office -- as Colosio's replacement.
He took an early lead in the polls after a strong showing in May's presidential debate, the nation's first, but slipped as the PRI rallied around their second-choice candidate.
Salinas, who was constitutionally barred from seeking a second consecutive term, picked Zedillo to manage the campaign of Luis Donaldo Colosio, whom Salinas had chosen as the PRI presidential candidate after a divisive internal competition.
But Colosio was assassinated March 23, plummeting the ruling party into a disarray that persisted even after Salinas tapped Zedillo -- who has never held elective office -- as Colosio's replacement.
He took an early lead in the polls after a strong showing in May's presidential debate, the nation's first, but slipped as the PRI rallied around their second-choice candidate.
Salinas, who was constitutionally barred from seeking a second consecutive term, picked Zedillo to manage the campaign of Luis Donaldo Colosio, whom Salinas had chosen as the PRI presidential candidate after a divisive internal competition.
But Colosio was assassinated March 23, plummeting the ruling party into a disarray that persisted even after Salinas tapped Zedillo -- who has never held elective office -- as Colosio's replacement.
He took an early lead in the polls after a strong showing in May's presidential debate, the nation's first, but slipped as the PRI rallied around their second-choice candidate.
Friedenberg left quickly after a disagreement with Ms. Polk.
Redford withdrew after that.
Coming in second, after the Warner film, which will probably be released early next year, is a major drawback.
A screenwriter, Neal Jimenez, has been called in to revise the movie, after another writer, Carrie Fisher, was hired ``to polish Dustin Hoffman's and Rene Russo's characters,'' said Kopelson, the producer of the film.
``It's not fair after the policy being one way all this time and all of a sudden changing,'' stormed Lazaro Cardentey, 36, mopping sweat from his brow in the midday heat.
``Anyone who was on a ship or had not been processed was subject to detention.'' One of the last to get in under the wire and walk free on U.S. ground was Miriam Delgado, 30, who was rescued Thursday by the Coast Guard after spending four days adrift in a raft.
IF NOMINATED, THE BULL WILL NOT RUN SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y.  (BC-RAC-DURSO-COLUMN-NYT) On the morning after Tabasco Cat lost the Travers Stakes to Holy Bull, the gray ghost of horse racing, Wayne Lukas stood outside Barn 83 at Saratoga Race Course and considered the next question: So, now who is the leading candidate for 3-year-old champion and Horse of the Year?
And, as Charlie Dressen pouted after Bobby Thomson hit the home run that crushed the Brooklyn Dodgers and won the 1951 pennant for the New York Giants: ``I'd like to see him do it again.'' Well, Holy Bull doesn't have to do it again.
In January, Chernomyrdin lost the most visible Westernized reformers in a government deeply divided over economic policy after the strong showing of Vladimir Zhirinovsky in December's elections.
AS THE CARLOS AFFAIR UNFOLDS, FRANCE HOPES ITS OWN SECRETS WON'T BE REVEALED PARIS  (BC-CARLOS-RDP-NYT) Having long cultivated the myth of his own invincibility, the legendary terrorist known as Carlos at least had the satisfaction of knowing that his name was once again in the headlines around the world last week after he was arrested in Sudan and extradited to France.
It said that after he was refused entry by Yemen and Libya, he found temporary safe haven in Jordan before slipping into Sudan with a false Yemeni passport in December 1993.
Several reports said Carlos, who is 44, was finally seized after undergoing an operation on Aug.
Two of the top horses in the field of nine, Storm Tower and Northern Trend, faded out of the money after a tiring speed duel.
``It's a lot more than last year.'' Sherman has taken his scheme, a derivative of the 49er offense -- which emphasizes timing routes in the passing game and receivers making yards after the catch -- and matched it to the Jets' personnel.
``It's hard to pass-rush a team when 1-2-3, boom, the pass is gone.'' Yards gained after the catch are the watchwords of Sherman's offensive philosophy.
Last year, yards after the catch was something the Jets hoped they would get on the next play.
Becker, who appears to have reversed the two-year tour through tennis limbo that took him out of the top 10 after nearly a decade's stay, marauded his way through the Volvo's draw without dropping a set and improved his ranking to No. 7 in the world.
(Material after this point should stand.) A total of nine presidential candidates, including two women, were in the race to replace Salinas on Dec.
``The information I received before going to the polling station was that the country is in complete tranquility,'' President Salinas said after voting.
The fall of Velika Kladusa ended the 11-month insurgency led by Fikret Abdic, a businessman and underworld figure who made a separate peace with the Bosnian Serbs fighting the Bosnian government and tried to establish his own fief in the enclave, known as the Bihac pocket after the area's largest town.
ZAIRE OPENS BORDER CROSSING AFTER DAYLONG STANDOFF BUKAVU, Zaire  (BC-RWANDA-RDP-200&ADD-NYT) Zaire reopened one of its two border crossings with southwest Rwanda on Sunday after a daylong standoff between thousands of desperate Rwandans and Zairian soldiers that began within half an hour of the departure of the last French troops.
The refugees were twice driven back after they threatened to surge over the narrow bridge that had been the pathway to asylum for thousands before it was closed on Saturday.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) One of the most confused and tense days of the refugee crisis began when the last of a 2,500-man French force departed shortly after daybreak, leaving the safe zone they had established in southwest Rwanda to a U.N. peacekeeping force of about 100 Ethiopian soldiers.
Shortly after 7 a.m., after the French withdrawal, hundreds of refugees surged past peacekeepers and charged across the bridge.
Both sides held their positions, even after the compromise was announced, until heavy rains and night fell.
``When speaking of a prime minister and finance minister, don't expect them to tell the whole truth when speaking of a devaluation or when speaking of a new taxation policy,'' Rabin said after the announcement last week.
``It is not the way to build an economy.'' Treasury officials said on Sunday, after the amendment to the tax, that investors could now choose between options when purchasing stocks.
Rachel and David, a middle-aged couple with five children from Lod who did not want to give their last name, were despondent after Sunday's trading.
It is an uphill battle for the son of the former president, making only his second bid for elective office after losing a congressional race in West Texas 16 years ago.
Like Ms. Richards, Bush admits to drinking too much in past years; unlike Ms. Richards, a fervent supporter of the 12-step approach who has publicly talked about her recovery from alcoholism, Bush simply says he woke up with a hangover after his 40th birthday and decided to quit drinking, which he did.
24, 1924, in Elizabeth, N.J. He entered Harvard three months before the attack on Pearl Harbor, then was drafted into the Army after his sophomore year and served in Europe as a combat infantryman.
On Sunday, after featuring some of Elvis Presley's songs, the announcer wished ``great happiness'' to Elvis' daughter and her ``newlywed famous American singer husband.'' 
But after communing with reality, a chastened president came before a press corps drawn up in vast, cumbrous array to record his acquiescence with political necessity.
IN LITTLE PLACES, DEMOCRACY'S BIG TEST SAN MARTIN DE LAS PIRAMIDES, Mexico  (BC-MEXICO-VOTERS-540&ADD-NYT) Just after the sun rose Sunday behind the pyramids here, Juan Beltran and Hector Munoz Villal appeared out of the mist carrying a sturdy wooden table covered with an embroidered cloth.
When the first PAN mayor tried to move into City Hall after his victory, PRI members blocked the entrance for almost two weeks.
``Being here means not only fulfilling your civic obligation but putting up with the heat,'' said Borga after he spent an hour and a half on line waiting to vote.
She died in her sleep after a brief illness, said her daughter-in-law, Lady Anne Tree.
Knopf next year, it was an esthetic fueled by memories of Southern plantation houses that had fallen into romantic disrepair after the Civil War.
``I'm agin decoratin','' she once said in a Tidewater drawl that remained undimmed after more than 65 years away from home.
He died in 1918, six months after their wedding.
Sought after by leading artists and photographers -- John Singer Sargent, Cecil Beaton, Baron De Meyer and Horst P.
Foreman will thus become the first man in history to fight for the heavyweight title after filing an age-discrimination suit.
OUSTED NAACP HEAD HINTS AT SUIT FOR `CRUCIFIXION' BALTIMORE  (BC-NAACP-CHAVIS-550(2TAKES)-NYT) As the NAACP sought to put its financial and administrative house in order after the abrupt dismissal Saturday night of its executive director, Benjamin F.
Appearing at a Baltimore church Sunday with Louis Farrakhan, the leader of the Nation of Islam, and several other leaders of militant black groups, Chavis sounded alternately conciliatory and angry over the decision of the board to end his contract after a stormy 16-month tenure.
Shinhoster was chosen Saturday night after the board debated for more than eight hours and voted overwhelmingly to dismiss Chavis for conduct that was ``inimical'' to the best interests of the National Organization for the Advancement of Colored People.
The Ford Foundation held back $250,000 of a $500,000 grant after expressing concerns about the organization's management.
In January, after lengthy and divisive discussions, the wealthier clubs reluctantly agreed to aid poorer teams through a revenue-sharing plan.
``This is socialism at work and baseball is still a free-enterprise sport,'' Steinbrenner said after the revenue sharing plan was adopted.
Even after pledging unity in the strike, some owners then began criticizing their chief negotiator, Richard Ravitch.
A spokeswoman termed the cutoff ``suspicious'' -- especially after three days of test runs -- but could not say if it was an attempt at sabotaging the alliance's efforts.
And the Senate will even put aside its dilatory debate on health insurance to take up the crime bill after Sunday's vote to pass it in the House.
Biden Jr., D-Del., who is chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, looked like a character in an Orson Welles drama as he raced down corridors opening door after door in search of the right room.
``They can buy jeans made in Hong Kong for $6 but would rather have 501's for $100,'' said Val Marco, a Los Angeles dealer who left his job as a vice president at a Silicon Valley robotics company to sell jeans after repeatedly getting offers for his Levis on business trips abroad.
``I could easily sell 40,000 pair a month if I could find them,'' said Peter Anestos of Pocatello, Idaho, who became a dealer four years ago after his business as a steel mill equipment dismantler fell apart.
``It's probably the second- or third-most-popular finish after stone-washed and after black,'' said Susan Shepherd, manager of the Original Levis Store, opposite Bloomingdale's in Manhattan, where many shoppers are foreigners.
Shortly after arriving he went to live with the only Cuban he knew, an older friend of his parents who lived 50 miles from Duluth, Minn.
``My parents both went to work in shoe factories two weeks after arriving in Miami,'' said the young women, now a student at the Institute of Fine Arts in Miami, studying fashion.
But hours after Panetta said the administration would consider a blockade of the island, administration officials began backing away from the threat.
The administration toughened its approach toward the Caribbean island after more than 4,000 Cubans took to ramshackle rafts and dinghies since Aug.
The most potent new measure is the ban on sending hard currency to Cuba, a move that administration officials say will severely squeeze the Castro regime because such cash shipments are Cuba's largest source of hard currency, after sugar exports and tourism.
The first, held in late July, was deemed a wild success after big companies and small entrepreneurs pledged to pay a total of nearly $900 million to the U.S. Treasury for 10 national PCS licenses and almost 600 regional licenses for interactive TV.
In addition, FCC auction rules can bar companies of questionable reputation from participating; competing bidders can petition the FTC to void a winning bid if they can prove the winner is not of good character; winning bidders who fail to pay -- as many didn't in auctions three weeks ago -- can be heavily fined; and the FCC also can audit the financial records of bidders, both before and after the awards.
``By and large you try to break out a new book sometime after Labor Day, when you start building publicity and promotion for it that will carry it through Christmas.'' With so many books rushing out at once, one of the trickiest calculations for a publisher is figuring exactly when to release the new titles so that they draw the maximum publicity and shelf space.
Indeed, after the vote, Rep.
It was an energized and upbeat performance by lawmakers forced to stay in Washington a week into their traditional August recess and meet in an unusual Sunday session after three days of intense bargaining produced a bipartisan compromise package.
Whether the Institutional Revolutionary Party would extend its 65-year rule after months of political turmoil was only part of the question.
Yet after widespread complaints of an unfair campaign and with leftist groups organizing demonstrations for after the election, a peaceful outcome appeared to hang on the possibility that election-reform laws and tens of thousands of volunteer observers would bring an end to Mexico's long history of fraud at the polls.
Small protests erupted around the country Sunday afternoon after ballots quickly ran out at special booths set up to accommodate voters traveling away from their homes.
The early balloting took place in ``complete tranquillity,'' President Carlos Salinas de Gortari said after voting for his successor and new legislators Sunday at a school near Los Pinos, the Mexican White House.
When Salinas picked Colosio to succeed him last November, days after the United States approved the North American Free Trade Agreement, the election appeared almost a formality for the governing party, which is known as the PRI.
In January, after rebels of the Zapatista National Liberation Army swept through, it became violently clear that the town was less cohesive than the votes suggested.
The mayor, a PRI member, sent army soldiers after members of a loose-knit community group opposed to the party, accusing them of sympathizing with the insurgents, and 14 people were arrested until human rights groups obtained their release.
``I think they'll be real nervous the first couple of innings, then after that it will be just like San Bernardino,'' said Steve Wold, who pitched in the 1967 World Series for Northridge and is now a coach in the Northridge Little League program.
The election was widely considered to be the most important, and most contested, in modern Mexico, with the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party, the PRI, facing spirited opposition after 65 years in power.
At one special precinct, in Mexico City's sprawling Chapultepec Park, police forced scores of angry voters away and closed the polling station about 3 p.m. after ballots ran out.
Named after State Sen.
And Giant Coach Dan Reeves thought Jones ``should have pulled up'' after Graham threw the pass.
Where it becomes questionable is what happened long after the pass was dropped.
``It was unnecessary.'' Graham's back went into spasms after the hit and he had to limp to the sideline.
A typical comment after hearing one announcer, Cohen said, was: ``His `r' isn't right.
The driver of the Firebird escaped after the shooting.
``This is a victory for all Americans,'' Clinton said from the White House minutes after the vote.
Hundreds of faxes were sent hours before the vote to members of Congress by Gun Owners of America, quoting California state Senator David Roberti, D-Van Nuys, saying, ``When the gun lobby goes after you, it does have an adverse impact.'' Last April, Roberti defeated a recall led by the gun lobby.
He then holed up in the White House residence all day, calling lawmaker after lawmaker.
Housing Secretary Henry Cisneros lobbied in person on Capitol Hill after being unable to reach members by phone, and he said Attorney General Janet Reno and Health and Human Services Secretary Donna Shalala were working the phones.
Partnership officials, who have been privately preparing their campaign for months, agreed to discuss it after a copy of their board's descriptive material was obtained on Friday by The New York Times.
Chavis Jr., right, confers with Louis Farrakhan, minister of the Nation of Islam, after Chavis was dismissed on Saturday night as executive director of the NAACP.
The police were called to the church shortly after midnight, he said.
Chavis Jr., right, confers with Louis Farrakhan, minister of the Nation of Islam, after Chavis was dismissed on Saturday night as executive director of the NAACP.
Chavis Jr., right, confers with Louis Farrakhan, minister of the Nation of Islam, after Chavis was dismissed on Saturday night as executive director of the NAACP.
A little after 10:30 a.m., the yellow school bus bearing the 30 rackety children and their seven adult chaperones turned into the entrance to Floyd Bennett Field and followed the signs to the campsite.
Indeed, after the vote, Rep.
It was an energized and upbeat performance by lawmakers forced to stay in Washington a week into their traditional August recess and meet in an unusual Sunday session after three days of intense bargaining produced a bipartisan compromise package.
But in the final they took a 4-1 lead after giving up the first point and cruised through the match.
(Material after this point will stand.) A total of nine presidential candidates, including two women, were in the race to replace Salinas on Dec.
``The information I received before going to the polling station was that the country is in complete tranquility,'' President Salinas said after voting.
(Material after this point will stand.) A total of nine presidential candidates, including two women, were in the race to replace Salinas on Dec.
``The information I received before going to the polling station was that the country is in complete tranquility,'' President Salinas said after voting.
Under the old calendar, in which the fiscal year ran from January through December, lawmakers were able to propose and adopt new budgets, and raise taxes, well after Election Day.
Under the old calendar, the county started tax collection after January.
A shift in the balance of power last November led to the board'sbecoming deadlocked on most major issues, including the current operating budget, which was adopted after an 11th-hour compromise.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) The virus is named after a town in Brazil where it claimed its first victim in 1990, an agricultural engineer who was at first thought to be suffering from yellow fever.
She died after a two-week illness.
A blood test quickly ruled out malaria, Dr. Barry said Sunday, but it was only after she began questioning the man about his work, looking for another cause, that he mentioned the accident.
``If not, Twice the Vice would.'' So maybe there was some consolation in the fact that after Sardula and Delahoussaye lost the lead entering the stretch, Twice the Vice and Gary Stevens surged between horses and ground out a neck victory over Malli Star.
Sardula was running on turf for the first time after winning six of nine career starts, losing only to champion 2-year-old filly Phone Chatter in 1993 and leading West Coast 3-year-old filly Lakeway in 1994.
Blaustein, a law professor who dedicated nearly three decades of his life to drafting constitutions for nations in transition, died Sunday at Duke University Hospital in Durham, N.C., after suffering a heart attack.
But hours after Panetta said the administration would consider a blockade of the island, administration officials began backing away from the threat.
The administration toughened its approach toward the Caribbean island after more than 4,000 Cubans took to ramshackle rafts and dinghies since Aug.
The most potent new measure is the ban on sending hard currency to Cuba, a move that administration officials say will severely squeeze the Castro regime because such cash shipments are Cuba's largest source of hard currency, after sugar exports and tourism.
Begelman left Columbia Pictures after he pleaded no contest in 1978 to a single count of grand theft involving the forgery of $40,000 in Columbia checks made out to others.
Begelman left Columbia Pictures after he pleaded no contest in 1978 to a single count of grand theft involving the forgery of $40,000 in Columbia checks made out to others.
``In some ways it's more disturbing to find a pattern of separate conspiracies than to find a single conspiracy,'' said Michael Chertoff, who recently stepped down as U.S. attorney for New Jersey after obtaining a number of convictions of local officials.
(Material after this point will stand.) A total of nine presidential candidates, including two women, were in the race to replace Salinas on Dec.
``The information I received before going to the polling station was that the country is in complete tranquility,'' President Salinas said after voting.
	Hill, Holliday was awarded the account in June after a six-week review that also included Damian Bisch & Partners in New York, the Starter agency since 1988, and the New York offices of Chiat/Day and Ogilvy & Mather.
	David Dayton, La Quinta's director of advertising, said Friday that Thompson Chicago was awarded the account after a six-week review that was narrowed to two other finalists: Sosa, Bromley, Aguilar & Associates in San Antonio and Tucker Wayne/Luckie & Company in Atlanta.
	Euro RSCG, which already handles Microsoft accounts in France and Italy, was awarded the British account after a review that also included five other shops in London: Abbott Mead Vickers BBDO, Bartle Bogle Hegarty, BMP DDB Needham, S.P. Lintas and Publicis.
	Chris Frankel, Tower Air's vice president of marketing in Queens, N.Y., said on Friday that Krimstein/Clapps was awarded the account after a three-week review but declined to disclose further details.
Zedillo stopped short of claiming victory, saying he would prefer to make any announcement after the release of independent exit polls.
(Material after this point will stand.) A total of nine presidential candidates, including two women, were in the race to replace Salinas on Dec.
``The information I received before going to the polling station was that the country is in complete tranquility,'' President Salinas said after voting.
At last, after three dull weeks of working out rookies and reserve players, here was a night with a significant motif.
``This was a game we pointed for,'' said Switzer after the Cowboys had decked the Broncos, 34-10.
``I'll do cartwheels if Kevin returns some more,'' Switzer said in reference to his maniacal behavior after a Kevin Williams 79-yard punt return for a touchdown that pushed the Cowboys to a 21-3 lead.
Whether the Institutional Revolutionary Party would extend its 65-year rule after months of political turmoil was only part of the question that Mexico faced.
Yet after widespread complaints of an unfair campaign, and with leftist groups organizing demonstrations to follow the election, a peaceful outcome appeared to hang on the possibility that election-reform laws and tens of thousands of volunteer observers would bring an end Mexico's long history of fraud at the polls.
Protests, some of them violent, broke out in at least half a dozen cities around the country Sunday afternoon after ballots quickly ran out at special precincts set up to accommodate voters who were travelingfrom their homes.
 (BC-MEXICO-ELECTION-1STLD-WRITETHRU-2NDTAKE-NYT) When Salinas picked Colosio to succeed him last November, days after the United States approved the North American Free Trade Agreement, the election appeared almost a formality for the governing party, which is known as the PRI.
In January, after rebels of the Zapatista National Liberation Army swept through, it became violently clear that the town as less cohesive than the votes suggested.
The mayor, a PRI member, sent army soldiers after members of a loose-knit community group opposed to the party, accusing them of sympathizing with the insurgents, and 14 people were held under arrest until human rights groups obtained their release.
He fumbled on a fourth-and-goal play from the 1, lost another fumble that was recovered by a teammate, and fumbled again after a play was whistled dead.
Yet whether the PRI would extend its 65-year rule after months of political turmoil was only part of the question that Mexico faced.
Yet after widespread complaints of an unfair campaign, and with leftist groups organizing demonstrations to follow the election, a peaceful outcome appeared to hang on the possibility that election-reform laws and tens of thousands of volunteer observers would bring an end Mexico's long history of fraud at the polls.
Protests, some of them violent, broke out in at least half a dozen cities around the country Sunday afternoon after ballots quickly ran out at special precincts set up to accommodate voters who were travelingfrom their homes.
 (BC-MEXICO-ELECTION-2NDLD-WRITETHRU-2NDTAKE-NYT) When Salinas picked Colosio to succeed him last November, days after the United States approved the North American Free Trade Agreement, the election appeared almost a formality for the governing party, which is known as the PRI.
In January, after rebels of the Zapatista National Liberation Army swept through, it became violently clear that the town as less cohesive than the votes suggested.
The mayor, a PRI member, sent army soldiers after members of a loose-knit community group opposed to the party, accusing them of sympathizing with the insurgents, and 14 people were held under arrest until human rights groups obtained their release.
But hours after Panetta said the administration would consider a blockade of the island, administration officials began backing away from the threat.
The administration toughened its approach toward the Caribbean island after more than 4,000 Cubans took to ramshackle rafts and dinghies since Aug.
The most potent new measure is the ban on sending hard currency to Cuba, a move that administration officials say will severely squeeze the Castro regime because such cash shipments are Cuba's largest source of hard currency, after sugar exports and tourism.
But hours after Panetta said the administration would consider a blockade of the island, administration officials began backing away from the threat.
The administration toughened its approach toward the Caribbean island after more than 4,000 Cubans took to ramshackle rafts and dinghies since Aug.
The most potent new measure is the ban on sending hard currency to Cuba, a move that administration officials say will severely squeeze the Castro regime because such cash shipments are Cuba's largest source of hard currency, after sugar exports and tourism.
``They can buy jeans made in Hong Kong for $6 but would rather have 501's for $100,'' said Val Marco, a Los Angeles dealer who left his job as a vice president at a Silicon Valley robotics company to sell jeans after repeatedly getting offers for his Levis on business trips abroad.
``I could easily sell 40,000 pair a month if I could find them,'' said Peter Anestos of Pocatello, Idaho, who became a dealer four years ago after his business as a steel mill equipment dismantler fell apart.
``It's probably the second- or third-most-popular finish after stone-washed and after black,'' said Susan Shepherd, manager of the Original Levis Store, opposite Bloomingdale's in Manhattan, where many shoppers are foreigners.
(HarperCollins, $24.) A woman tries to cope after an act of violence destroys her perfect family life.
The experiences of women after the deaths of their mothers.
	(Pocket, $6.99) A mother and her teen-age 	daughter go on a spree after winning 	$60 million in a lottery.
PERSONAL COMPUTERS: THREE GAME PROGRAMS OFFER RELIEF FOR THE BASEBALL LOVER IN WITHDRAWAL  (BC-COMPUTE-COX) This is for computer users who love baseball so much they are having withdrawal symptoms after a couple of weeks of deprivation.
Punishing a dog, hours after it has soiled the carpet, assumes that he can learn from the experience.
The dog that will spill life-giving water is the same dog who will chew your shoes, regardless of how much he is beaten after the fact.
Editors at larger papers, especially if they've imbibed a few libations after a grueling day, love to wax poetic about how they'd love to shuck it all and go run a weekly newspaper in some picturesque town.
He enters Paris an hour after the 6 p.m. surrender.
23, and declares war on Germany two days later, after the Nazis bomb Bucharest and strafe civilians.
-- I happened onto a formal wedding ceremony held at lakeside, a beautiful setting and a joyous occasion where music flowed and champagne gushed -- after which the bride and groom, she in her gown and he in his tux, departed for their honeymoon by single-engine seaplane.
Democrats are deeply divided on whether going after the Christian right offers opportunity, danger or both.
Douglas Wilder of Virginia, a Democrat who is making an independent bid for senator, said he has seen candidates lose elections, particularly in the South, after criticizing the Christian right.
(Assuming it does resume, which I maintain that it will, sometime after Labor Day.) From the last three seasons, we in Atlanta have discovered why baseball can hold right-thinking folks in its thrall: Because it is a daily occurrence, a tale that unravels slowly but inexorably.
On a recent episode of ``Bugged,'' for example, Karl called to complain blandly about ``slow drivers in the fast lane.'' Mike called to say ``alternative music is seriously bugging me.'' Harrison blames this meekness on the camera: even though callers can't be seen, they feel they can be -- after all, the host is looking right at them.
GROWING OLD, POLITICALLY: IT'S THE VOTERS WHO SEEM TO GET CRANKY ALBANY, N.Y.  (BC-POLITICIANS-REVIEW-2TAKES-NYT) Less than three years after spurning a chance at presidential immortality, Mario Cuomo, the man so often cast as New York's Hamlet on the Hudson, now risks the humiliation and abandonment of Lear.
In neighboring New Jersey, meanwhile, the state's freshman governor, Christie Whitman, once scorned as a lightweight candidate, suddenly finds herself mentioned as a possible 1996 vice-presidential hopeful after pushing a groundbreaking income tax cut through a sympathetic Legislature.
``That does Pataki a world of good.'' In an era of widespread disillusionment with politics, as demonstrated by the visceral appeal of term limits, it should not be surprising that even a national Democratic icon like Cuomo can face widespread antagonism after three terms in office.
``To me it was clear when I landed that we needed military help,'' said Philippo Grandi, the emergency coordinator for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, who arrived in Goma in mid-July soon after the bulk of the Hutu refugees streamed here in the face of advances by Tutsi-led rebels, who eventually ousted the government in Kigali.
 (BC-RWANDA-REVIEW-2NDTAKE-NYT) U.S. soldiers did not begin work in Goma until July 28, 11 days after the bulk of the refugees arrived and seven days after the outbreak of cholera.
(Somalia aside, there is a happy recent precedent: the U.S. military assistance provided to Bangladesh after a 1991 typhoon.) Three of the military top brass have come to Goma to have a look: Defense Secretary William J.
The London Telegraph last week noted that Powell ``inspires awe by his devotion to his own conclusions, reached after close internal debate.'' Others, even many who disagree with the man on practically every issue he ever broached, speak highly of his scholarship.
In November's elections the Republicans look certain to make gains in both House and Senate; after that both parties will start focusing on the 1996 presidential race.
In November's elections the Republicans look certain to make gains in both House and Senate; after that both parties will start focusing on the 1996 presidential race.
In the American Airlines strike, Clinton weighed in on the union's side, mending fences with organized labor after the pain he had caused it with the North American free-trade deal.
Under a new Senate bill, if the owners try to impose a settlement after an impasse is reached, they would face antitrust laws.
In the American Airlines strike, Clinton weighed in on the union's side, mending fences with organized labor after the pain he had caused it with the North American free-trade deal.
Under a new Senate bill, if the owners try to impose a settlement after an impasse is reached, they would face antitrust laws.
In the American Airlines strike, Clinton weighed in on the union's side, mending fences with organized labor after the pain he had caused it with the North American free-trade deal.
Under a new Senate bill, if the owners try to impose a settlement after an impasse is reached, they would face antitrust laws.
Real GDP in Asia (excluding Japan) grew by 8.4 percent last year after 8.1 percent in 1992.
Real GDP in Asia (excluding Japan) grew by 8.4 percent last year after 8.1 percent in 1992.
There were riots in Bujumbura, the capital, after students and a (Tutsi) opposition leader were arrested.
In Burundi the Tutsi minority clung on to power long after the Belgians left, quelling bloodily each Hutu uprising.
There were riots in Bujumbura, the capital, after students and a (Tutsi) opposition leader were arrested.
In Burundi the Tutsi minority clung on to power long after the Belgians left, quelling bloodily each Hutu uprising.
They want to cut welfare benefits after two years and require recipients to work or go to school.
Jeb Bush stopped his schooling after earning a bachelor's degree in Latin American studies in 2 1/2 years from the University of Texas.
In the magnitude-5 1884 earthquake off New York, there were ripples on the Connecticut River, and seiches were observed in swimming pools all the way down to Florida after the Good Friday earthquake of 1964 in Alaska.
With an Energy Star-compliant monitor, After Dark will shut down the monitor completely after a specified length of time.
I don't like being incorrect.'' Yet, in the same hour, after saying whenever he visits Los Angeles a disaster seems to happens, Turner jokingly worried about an upcoming meeting between critics and American Indians to discuss a new Turner TV film: ``I understand that these Indians who are performing tonight are very peaceful.
Male alligators born in Florida's Lake Apopka after a large pesticide spill in 1980 were found to be incapable of producing sperm.
A goal of about 2,000 volunteers has been set, although Reilly said, ``I would prefer to talk about it after we've done it.'' Reilly said there is nothing particularly different about his campaign strategy.
It was precisely 10 days after a major thunderstorm had drenched the St. Croix River valley and the latest opportunistic crop of those infamous summer-spoilers -- mosquitoes -- had hurried through their transformation from egg to larva to pupa, producing bloodthirsty adult females intent on guaranteeing a next generation.
Hawley, working at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, showed that the eggs of temperate-zone tiger mosquitoes, instead of hatching after they are laid, go into diapause -- the insect version of hibernation -- when winter is approaching.
I like to think that maybe I could have saved the oil industry some pain, had I known.'' According to Schweitzer, who completed the book as a media fellow at the Hoover Institution on War, Revolution and Peace, the plan to force down oil prices was devised by Reagan and Casey, after a study showed that the Soviets depended on oil exports for more than 60 percent of their hard cash -- cash it needed desperatedly to carry on its programs.
	BUKAVU, Zaire (NYT) -- On the day that the United Nations began trucking Rwandan refugees to a muddy campsite just outside this overcrowded town, the last to cross the frontier Monday was a small frail and bleeding boy who was carried across a bridge by Zairean soldier after the boy was trampled in the last wild rush by hundreds of refugees to clear the border before it was closed for the night.
	The month-long movement of Rwandans into Zaire resumed in full force Monday after the United Nations, under political pressure from the Zairean government, agreed to a controversial demand that the only refugees to enter the country would be aboard trucks and a single border post -- a narrow bridge over the Rusizi River known locally as Rusizi II.
The focus of our defense is that he cannot be charged with any crime because the statute of limitations (which states how soon criminal charges must be filed after an alleged crime) has run.'' The stark and graphic police report, obtained by The San Francisco Examiner, depicts a haunting pattern of reported child sex abuse, from 1965 to 1987, in which O'Shea would ``reward'' boys for church work with trips to his ``double-wide'' trailer.
For instance, after each round of parties, each woman will vote immediately on which groups she still is considering joining.
In comments last week after the concert ended, John Scher, president of PolyGram Diversified, put expenses at more than $30 million and said the different ancillary products, which include sponsorships and merchandising of Woodstock products, meant it will be months before the finances shake out.
In comments last week after the concert ended, John Scher, president of PolyGram Diversified, put expenses at more than $30 million and said the different ancillary products, which include sponsorships and merchandising of Woodstock products, meant it will be months before the finances shake out.
``And the atmosphere of Germany after the war that is present in her work was part of the atmosphere.'' Now Ms. Prada is slipping as unexpectedly into the Brooklyn Academy of Music's premiere of ``Two Cigarettes in the Dark,'' directed and choreographed by Ms. Bausch.
``I like (sportscaster) Bob Costas' solution: Keep free agency, with no salary cap, and make the players eligible for it after four seasons instead of six, but with no arbitration.'' But while leaning toward the players in this labor dispute, Halberstam thinks they've lost touch in many ways, too.
Brantley, one of the players named in the new subpoena, said Friday he testified last month before a grand jury in Waco probing the Baylor case, after an FBI agent brought a subpoena to his Houston home.
The latest subpoena also seeks SWC documents related to correspondence courses taken from Southeastern College by Drummond, who resigned after being publicly linked to the Lambert matter.
French singing began to unravel after World War I, and French support for its opera houses, especially outside Paris, declined along with it.
One theory predicted that planetary resurfacing was caused by a cataclysmic event, perhaps a meteor storm, about 300 million to 500 million years ago, after which the surface became inactive.
``But the planet by no means became inactive after that.'' Using databases of 841 craters, 175 large volcanoes and 358 coronas, the circular formations found only on Venus, the scientists compared craters found across the Venusian surface, near areas of magmatic activity, like volcanoes, with those found in areas of relative stability.
6, with the company taking the day off after giving several performances of ``Madama Butterfly'' by Puccini.
	Three days after President Clinton ended three decades of special status for fleeing Cubans and announced they would no longer be allowed into the United States, there was no sign that the change in policy was slowing the flight.
A high school graduate, she retired from Con Edison 30 years ago after 35 years there as a secretary.
It did not open until after 9 a.m., and there were 106 people standing outside waiting with varying degrees of patience,'' he said.
``It humbles us a bit.'' As for the apparent winner, ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party candidate Ernesto Zedillo, Wright said his challenge is to bring Mexico's leadership together after the divisive vote, which resulted in a loss of PRI influence in congress.
A Scotland Yard investigation in January, started after Hoare complained of the nuisance calls that are a crime in Britain, reportedly traced them to Diana's private telephone at Kensington Palace, to her mobile telephone, to the telephone of her sister, Lady Sarah McCorquodale, and to public telephones near Kensington Palace.
The long metal removable bar that can keep the door from being opened became standard in motels soon after Connie Francis won $1.5 million from the motel where she was raped in 1974.
Shoppers once accustomed to the air-conditioned boutiques that contributed to this city's reputation as ``the Paris of West Africa'' have increasingly found themselves limiting their purchases to local products bought outdoors after lengthy haggling in the traditional manner.
The country's leaders, emerging from a delicate political succession after the death in December of the longtime president, Felix Houphouet-Boigny, have adopted this optimism.
A manager whose strength has been development, not strategy, while fashioning a 931-664 record in the Yankee farm system, Merrill sank fast after being tossed into the scary waters of Yankee Stadium.
RESEARCHER'S INFECTION RAISES CONCERNS FOR LABORATORY SAFETY  (BC-YALE-VIRUS-SCI-837(2TAKES)-NYT) A Yale researcher is in isolation at Yale-New Haven Hospital under treatment for an often deadly infection contracted after a laboratory accident with a rare virus he was studying.
His temperature had reached 103 degrees last Friday, but it dropped to normal shortly after he began taking ribavirin, which can combat Lassa fever and other arena viruses.
One Yale worker, Juan Roman, died of Lassa fever and another, Dr. Jordi Casals, recovered after his life had hung in the balance.
``It is not clear exactly what went wrong,'' Shope said, adding that the researcher would be questioned more closely after his expected recovery.
The victim was an agricultural engineer who died in 1990 two weeks after she had become ill.
Even after David Briggs, a highly capable journalist, was announced as the AP's new religion writer, I kept seeing some of George's stories on the wire.
This year, when he moved to the Jets after 11 seasons with the Giants, his old teammates were almost as elated as he was that he got a job.
My recovery time after a game wasn't what it once was.'' It all seems sad.
``He was ready to retire after last season,'' said his agent, Marshall Rosenthal, ``but Pete Carroll talked him into coming back.
WASHINGTON  (BC-MEANS-COLUMN-HNS) Officials at the Smithsonian Institution, which used to be celebrated as the nation's dusty but reliably authentic attic, now claim they won't use the 50th anniversary of the dropping of the atom bomb as a forum to apologize about doing so, after all.
The original script for the exhibit was written after extensive consultations with historians and other presumed experts who seemed mostly interested in registering opinions framed by subsequent political and philosophical developments.
Adams, who retires next month, replied soothingly that indeed a Smithsonian exhibition on this subject ``needs to look both backward to the circumstances of the war and forward to what ensued after the bomb left the bomb-bay.'' Precisely.
But supporters of night basketball were heartened by the House action Sunday, reached after marathon sessions with lawmakers from both parties and both chambers of Congress.
But, of some 5,000 gangs that sprang up after the collapse of the Soviet regime, members of 29 gangs have been seen recently in America, he noted.
19, after a suicidal speed duel, Holy Bull developed breathing trouble and finished sixth.
However, Go for Gin soared after that: First in the Derby, second to Tabasco Cat in the Preakness, second to the Cat in the Belmont.
``When he comes off the track after working,'' Zito said with rapture, ``he's squealing.'' There is a kind of finality to the Woodward because it will be Holy Bull's final race of the year.
His owner-trainer, Jimmy Croll, has said repeatedly that he would not push his colt farther after a strenuous year in training.
Profit-taking after Friday's gains, when some contracts rose to new highs, also pressured prices Monday.
And not long after the French arrived on their mission, a senior French official visiting the troops said that the Tutsi could not be allowed to achieve a military victory.
FLOOD OF RWANDANS INTO ZAIRE RESUMES BUKAVU, Zaire  (BC-RWANDA-NYT) The month-long movement of Rwandans into Zaire resumed in full force on Monday after the United Nations, under pressure from Zaire, agreed on Sunday that refugees would enter the country only at one border post and only aboard trucks.
``When they said we had to name our plane after a city, he wanted Chicago.
But he'd been to Kansas City and I was from Independence, so we named it after Kansas City.
Naomi had worked at the Lake City ammunition plant near Kansas City, Mo., the place Harry would work for years after the war.
One of her memories is going down to the Granada Theater in Independence, settling in for the newsreel, then seeing her husband clamber out of his B-29 after a raid.
``I ran up to the manager, and after the movie he ran the newsreel for me again and again.'' And now, all these years later, the Japanese come.
The project began two years ago when King, who had retired after selling a company that manufactured plastic fittings for electrical conduits, took a cruise down the Volga River with a group of Dartmouth College alumni.
There, they met with Archbishop Aleksandr, who at the time was the bishop of Kostroma and Gallich, and who began describing the sorry state of most churches after 70 years of state-enforced atheism.
The agreement calls for King and his fellow investors to begin splitting the profits with the church after they recoup a percentage of their initial investment.
Sponge is not going to kill nobody.'' His wife did not know he washed the top outside windows until she read about him in an article a couple of years after he had begun the job.
```What are you doing?''' In fact, he said, his wife was so unnerved by heights that, after one visit to the observation deck, she will not go near the place.
`Thanks, dad, I appreciate it.' '' This week, the 49ers have resumed their normal routine of practicing at Santa Clara after four weeks at Rocklin.
PRESIDENT-ELECT ZEDILLO ISSUES PLEA FOR UNITY MEXICO CITY  (BC-MEXICO-ELECTIONS-TEX) President-elect Ernesto Zedillo called for national unity after vote totals showed him the winner without a majority and with the lowest percentage of votes in his Institutional Revolutionary Party's 65-year history.
Analysts expect, however, that supply will lighten considerably after the auctions.
All the sharp gains made after last week's rate increase by the Federal Reserve have now disappeared.
Traders said investors were growing concerned about another interest rate rise by the Fed, even though many analysts do not expect the Fed to lift interest rates again until after the November elections.
Between 50,000 and 200,000 people were killed there last fall after the first Hutu to be elected president was assassinated.
The wholesale killings in Rwanda, in sad fact, occurred after years of peacemaking efforts by the U.N. and despite the witnessing presence of U.N. blue helmets.
A salesman agreed, after being told there was ``no way to move the gorilla,'' to deliver the television.
Now with the success of the operation, I don't think there will be any problem the underwriter can raise $6.2 million.'' There are no financial statements for Skylands after March 31, so the success is not verifiable; the company's report to the United States Securities & Exchange Commission for the three months ended June 30 has been delayed.
My judgment is he had a dream but not much more.'' Hilliard's idea for a ballpark crystallized after he moved to Vernon in 1989.
After his Sony Worldband ICF-2001 shortwave radio stopped working -- after the warranty expired, of course -- Lieber bounced from the manufacturer to a series of mom-and-pop repair shops trying to find someone to fix it.
Two weeks after he dropped off the unit at a nearby Radio Shack, the company had fixed the problem by resoldering some circuits on the main board and replacing a microprocessor.
Many electronics owners can recite horror stories about machines that always seem to break down after the warranties have expired, or about the hassle of finding someone to fix the problems.
That may be because computer users still like to work with specialists when their machines break, Tandy executives say, and because after a computer is a few years old it is several generations out of date and may not seem worth repairing.
Bond's is an authorized warranty repair center for Magnavox, Sylvania, RCA and Zenith brands, and will repair those and other makes of consumer electronics after the warranties lapse.
Currency traders also cite relatively attractive German interest rates, which do not seem to be coming down soon, and stable U.S. rates, which may not rise again until after the congressional elections in November.
LDDS Communications fell }, to 23116, after announcing plans to buy Wiltel, the long-distance telephone network, from the Williams Companies for $2.5 billion.
Johnson & Johnson rose [, to 49[, after it announced plans to buy Neutrogena for nearly $1 billion.
And Novell dropped 1[, to 14, after the software developer warned that third-quarter earnings would be below expectations.
A former naval engineer in Cuba, Lopez himself arrived four years ago, moving in with an aunt in Miami after abandoning his ship in Canada.
He opened his own car repair business three months ago after saving $14,000 working as a restaurant administrator, ``I'm his father,'' he said of his son, one of four he left behind and hoped eventually to claim.
More etched in his mind are his father's tears when his mother died and he could not attend the funeral in Cuba, or the uncle who languished in a Cuban prison for 22 years after he was found with a firearm in his house and who died shortly after he came on the Mariel boatlift to join family here.
But the primary problem remained the stalemate involving the two sides after 141 missed games.
Horowitz, a spokesman for the firm, said Schiro would not be available for interviews until after he is confirmed as chairman.
But after a while, one began to long for a hint of American impudence and humor.
But Salhany -- who was called the b-word and worse behind her back, and sometimes within earshot -- was chased away after a string of failures that have led Fox to be more aggressive in attracting viewers, sometimes recklessly so.
You see it in Fox's attempt to rush its exploitative, fact-based O.J. Simpson movie on the air, a decision reversed last week after much public outcry when the men who program Fox were overruled by Rupert Murdoch, the media magnate who controls their parent corporation.
According to Boyd's attorney, the committee gave the woman a clerical post after she formally complained that she was fired in retaliation for complaining of sexual harassment.
Both Conroy and his chief of staff were privately disciplined, according to an Assembly source, and Conaty was docked a week's pay after the investigation.
The House approved the compromise late Sunday, 10 days after a bloc of Republicans and some Democrats surprised the White House by blocking the previous version.
People recognize me for about three weeks after a major book tour.
But I don't like him to tell me where to plant my rosebushes.'' It became apparent on a tour of the grounds after lunch that the 60-acre farm is almost all Sylvia's handiwork these days, from the clumps of exotic flowers that abound to the 60 rows of flowering shade trees that mark her new venture into operating a commercial nursery for landscapers.
He regretted that he may not get to see just how well his team would play in the last couple of months of a season that had seen them come together and show considerable poise, rising as far as a distant third to Montreal in the National League East, after the 103 losses of 1993.
CELEBRATING THE AGE OF CYBERSPACE LOS ANGELES  (BC-GIBSON-SIDE-LADN) Trivia question: What novel's publication was specially commemorated, not on its 10th anniversary, not on its 50th, not its centenary, but 36 years after it came out?
``I got so many letters that would spin your head around, mostly from young women working through their grief after such an experience,'' Amos said.
``Bands are for after the show,'' she said with a suggestive laugh.
In December 1986, after winning a letter as a special-teams player for the Fighting Irish, he decided to give coaching a try.
``We expected you to go out and someday run a big corporation,'' said Lou, who then issued his often quoted warning: ``When you tell your mother make sure she's not armed.'' Parental support soon came, and after graduation Skip went off to Florida State to be a graduate assistant on the staff of Bobby Bowden -- three of whose sons had become football coaches.
Breaux, D-La., after he and Chafee met with some of the Democrats who want more sweeping changes.
The project began two years ago when King, who had retired after selling a company that manufactured plastic fittings for electrical conduits, took a cruise down the Volga River with a group of Dartmouth College alumni.
There, they met with Archbishop Aleksandr, who at the time was the bishop of Kostroma and Gallich, and who began describing the sorry state of most churches after 70 years of state-enforced atheism.
The agreement calls for King and his fellow investors to begin splitting the profits with the church after they recoup a percentage of their initial investment.
That the 64-member board dismissed Chavis as the group's executive director after 17 months of disastrous leadership suggests at least some awareness that change is needed.
Administration officials, who have defended the warehouse for the last eight months, changed course after members of Congress, drug company executives, federal auditors and many state officials concluded that the Public Health Service did not have the ability to distribute vaccine to tens of thousands of private doctors on schedule.
Less than a month after the president took office, Mrs.
But after discovering the high rents for commercial space there, he opened his restaurant just a few steps from the Rye border in this scruffy harbor village on Long Island Sound, where he has slowly tapped the Rye market.
The survey results come after Packard Bell Electronics Inc.
But Peter Neufeld, a lawyer for Simpson, suggested during his examination of police department officials in court Monday that blood samples found at a crime scene deteriorated after a time and were no longer fit for DNA testing.
The shallowness of Chavis's support within the organization -- and perhaps among blacks generally -- was evidenced by the paltry turnout at a rally in Baltimore on Sunday night that he had announced after his dismissal.
Kevin Gannon and Officer Derrick Nash of the 42nd Precinct, a couple of blocks away, were among the first to reach the store after the fire broke out, and they heard the screams of those trapped in the back.
But those brands are dwarfed by Neutrogena, which is the third-largest marketer of facial moisturizer, after Procter & Gamble's Oil of Olay and Unilever's Ponds, and is fifth and sixth in the hair conditioner and bar soaps segments, respectively.
	Shares of Novell fell sharply after the company warned that quarterly earnings would be below expectations because of disappointing results at Wordperfect, which it recently acquired.
The church is seeking money for restoration work after seven decades of Communist persecution.
The Justice Department said it began investigating Chevy Chase and its subsidiary, B.F. Saul Mortgage Co., in mid-1993 after several articles about racial disparities in the number of area mortgage loans appeared in The Washington Post.
Three days after President Clinton ended three decades of special status for fleeing Cubans and announced that they would no longer be allowed into the United States, there was no sign that the change in policy was slowing the flight.
Strong currents, however, and flimsy vessels -- many powered only by oars, paddles, and grit -- often mean a much longer voyage for a departing refugee unless his craft is intercepted after leaving Cuban waters.
Clinton, bleary-eyed and hoarse after a nearly non-stop effort, hailed it as ``a great victory for all law-abiding Americans.'' Even if Clinton cannot secure a victory on health care, the White House believes that if he can maneuver past obstacles to the crime bill in the Senate, a victory on crime and its bipartisan shape could stand as at least a minimal platform for Democrats trying to stave off a midterm defeat.
Even after he suffered so huge a loss on Aug.
12, just hours after the Thursday night procedural vote that derailed the measure, that he should scrap his schedule and seek a victory at all costs.
Hamilton, D-Ind., who had sided against Clinton and had shown little willingness to change his vote, finally did so after freshman House Democrats told him that they looked to him to be a party leader, not a renegade.
But by last Wednesday, after summoning dozens of potential vote-changers to the Oval Office and coming up almost dry, the president and his aides had concluded that the stubbornness of pro-gun Democrats and the solidarity among moderate Republicans meant that such a plan could not work.
But by Sunday afternoon, after tense last-minute haggling that kept Clinton on the telephone until 2 a.m. Sunday and several times left his aides terrified that the deal would collapse, it was Foley who wore a delighted smile as he waltzed into the Democrats' command post in the Capitol.
As of Monday night, it was not clear which side had the votes and how the much-bruised crime bill would fare in the Senate after its resurrection in the House on Sunday.
Commuters alerted plainclothes transit police officers that someone in the station had a gun, said police spokesman Ralph St. Just at the station shortly after the shooting.
Just as millions of opposition votes in the 1988 presidential election were cast in protest, opinion polls and interviews with many voters indicated that many of Zedillo's votes came from Mexicans who were deeply critical of the governing party but found the opposition lacking or feared entrusting it with the federal government after 65 years of PRI rule.
In a speech to leaders of his party, Zedillo began by shouting: ``We did win!'' Yet after an election that was dominated by calls for democratization of the political system, he faces a singular challenge.
More broadly, Zedillo will have to pick up the pieces after an administration that has carried out deep economic reforms but left millions of Mexicans clamoring for a more equitable distribution of wealth, a less corrupt justice system, and a greater say in their government.
He quickly faded from the race, however, after conflicts with the powerful teachers' union and two successive fiascos in which history textbooks he commissioned had to be withdrawn because of public uproars over their revisionist content.
The grants, named after Edward Byrne, a New York police officer who was slain by drug dealers in 1988, helps local police departments coordinate drug-fighting initiatives.
``He caused controversy, but he didn't really mean it that way.'' Stone said that after his last movie, ``Heaven and Earth,'' he wanted to shake off the shackles of classical narrative and have fun.
The Mexican stock exchange opened strongly on Monday, the first trading day after the election.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) For Zedillo, 42, an economist, the election capped a remarkable climb to power that began in late March, when he was suddenly transformed from campaign manager to candidate after the PRI's first choice, Luis Donaldo Colosio, was assassinated in Tijuana.
The runner-up, Fernandez of the right-of-center PAN, had surged ahead in May after the first nationally televised presidential debate.
More than 45 million people took part, and, after doing so, apparently had a stake in the election.
A few minutes after the polls closed in Mexico City, Zedillo said in an interview that he would try to get the parties to put their differences behind them and work together more than ever before.
Gormley, a Republican who is chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, which heard testimony on three bills Monday, said he wanted to make sure that ``whatever bills are released by this committee will pass legal challenges down the road.'' The committee released two of the bills, one that would require convicted sex offenders to provide blood for DNA analysis and for storage in a DNA data base and another that would strengthen the attorney general's authority to seek to have violent sex offenders committed through civil court action after any criminal sentence has been served.
Many state lawmakers called for such a provision after a 7-year-old girl, Megan Kanka, was sexually assaulted and murdered last month in Hamilton Township.
She said sex offenders who go through treatment at the Adult Diagnostic and Treatment Center at Avenel have a recidivism rate of 20 percent, while 60 percent of the state's general prison population commit another crime after being released.
In the summer of 1992, six months after state police officials first learned of the suspected fingerprint faking in Troop C, Pilus was one of 40 of the state's 4,000 troopers assigned to review thousands of criminal cases for signs of tampering.
Ashley was anticipating having the chance to show the strides he has made after two seasons at Class-AAA Albuquerque on Sept.
Thomas Reilly, a 41-year-old truck driver and a delivery man for Boars Head Meat Co., was shot once in the chest after he was robbed by three teen-agers outside a grocery store at 920 Myrtle Avenue, police said.
Justin Armour, a basketball-football star who arrived the year after Stenstrom, became a wide receiver.
2 TEENS ARRESTED AS MUGGING SUSPECT DIES NEW YORK  (BC-NY-MUGGER-SLAIN-NYT) Two Brooklyn teen-agers were arrested Monday after they chased down a man who had robbed their 10-year-old cousin at knifepoint, then hit the man with a metal fence post and apparently caused fatal injuries, police said.
A few minutes later, while the shaken but unhurt boy and his mother went looking for police, his outraged cousins went after the mugger.
Several weeks ago, residents say, a man fired a gun at two girls because they laughed at him after he lost at shooting dice.
The two stepbrothers were arrested a short time after Berry's death.
12, Olga Korataev was killed after a private Russian New Year's Eve party.
-- August 22, 1994 -- YALE-VIRUS-SCI, 8-22 -- A Yale researcher is in isolation at Yale-New Haven Hospital under treatment for an often deadly infection contracted after a laboratory accident with a rare virus he was studying.The head of the Arborvirus Research Unit at Yale, Dr. Robert E.
12, Olga Korataev was killed after a private Russian New Year's Eve party.
-- August 22, 1994 -- YALE-VIRUS-SCI, 8-22 -- A Yale researcher is in isolation at Yale-New Haven Hospital under treatment for an often deadly infection contracted after a laboratory accident with a rare virus he was studying.The head of the Arborvirus Research Unit at Yale, Dr. Robert E.
	Ms. Santucci said that Anderson was awarded the account after a two-month review, but declined to disclose the other participants.
12, Olga Korataev was killed after a private Russian New Year's Eve party.
-- August 22, 1994 -- YALE-VIRUS-SCI, 8-22 -- A Yale researcher is in isolation at Yale-New Haven Hospital under treatment for an often deadly infection contracted after a laboratory accident with a rare virus he was studying.The head of the Arborvirus Research Unit at Yale, Dr. Robert E.
``I just think maybe the year after next, I can play in this,'' he said 2{ hours before the opening pitch of the 48th Little League World Series.
Edberg discussed the temptation to walk away from the game -- something Courier said he would do after losing his opening match at Indianapolis last week.
I played very well to begin the year, lost it for a month and a half, and since then have put things right again.'' The turning point this year, Edberg said, came after the loss to Kenneth Carlsen at Wimbledon.
But I knew after a week that it was time to get to work again and it helped me.'' MATCH POINTS -- PETE SAMPRAS, the world's No. 1 player and defending U.S. Open champion, was at the Hamlet on Monday for treatment on the sore left ankle that has kept him out of play the past month.
But after Jan.
Others in and out of the industry disagree over who will win and who will lose after deregulation.
Ito called for Monday's hearing on defense access to DNA evidence after prosecutors revealed last week that Los Angeles police had sent several of the blood samples to a laboratory run by the state Department of Justice in Berkeley.
The case has spawned a number of court hearings, including one in West Los Angeles Municipal Court on whether to open up records sealed after Simpson's 1989 conviction for spousal battery.
That the 64-member board dismissed Chavis as the group's executive director after 16 months of disastrous leadership suggests at least some awareness that change is needed.
With a stack of papers in hand, Gerson came to the Chatsworth Earthquake Service Center on Monday hoping to prove a need beyond the $3,400 she received after the quake.
``I loved my uncle like my brother,'' said Maria Dorres, 23, a niece of Rigoberto Pacheco, explaining that he took care of her after her father died when she was 16.
Sara Crosslin, who arrived at the scene minutes after the crash, said three men pulled Adamsom from the Blazer.
residents show that those who were caught in the middle of a dust cloud after the Northridge Earthquake were most likely to come down with valley fever.
``It's such a rare event, and not everyone got sick there.'' Findings, however, show that those who were caught in foglike clouds of dust after the quakes were most susceptible to the fungal infection.
About 36 percent of the 96 people diagnosed with valley fever who were part of the CDC study had been in the midst of the thick dust clouds that rose from the Santa Susana Mountains after the Jan.
The number of valley fever cases returned to normal levels in mid-March and most people who came down with valley fever after the earthquake have recovered.
will be information about a Kansas City, North, woman who died in February after being injected with the drug.
Jones said Friday that changes in product labeling were made after reviewing worldwide post-marketing data, including the death of Dianne D.
Robert Temple, FDA's director of drug evaluation, said Friday that the label changes reflect the agency's conclusions after months of investigating reports of adverse drug events, including deaths.
``If someone has a heart attack four hours after taking sumatriptan, what can you say?
The new language reads in part: ``There have, however, been several fatalities that occurred within a few hours after sumatriptan's use.
Other fatalities noted in the new information sheet are myocardial infarctions (occurring hours after drug administration).
``I loved my uncle like my brother,'' said Maria Dorres, 23, a niece of Rigoberto Pacheco, explaining that he took care of her after her father died when she was 16.
Sara Crosslin, who arrived at the scene minutes after the crash, said three men pulled Adamsom from the Blazer.
Meanwhile, city inspectors with the Department of Building and Safety said the Hill View Apartments building is structurally sound and that tenants evacuated Saturday may be able to return home today after utilities are restored.
With a stack of papers in hand, Gerson came to the Chatsworth Earthquake Service Center on Monday hoping to prove a need beyond the $3,400 she received after the quake.
The Mexican stock exchange opened strongly on Monday, the first trading day after the election.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) For Zedillo, 42, an economist, the election capped a remarkable climb to power that began in late March, when he was suddenly transformed from campaign manager to candidate after the PRI's first choice, Luis Donaldo Colosio, was assassinated in Tijuana.
The runner-up, Fernandez of the right-of-center PAN, had surged ahead in May after the first nationally televised presidential debate.
More than 45 million people took part, and, after doing so, apparently had a stake in the election.
A few minutes after the polls closed in Mexico City, Zedillo said in an interview that he would try to get the parties to put their differences behind them and work together more than ever before.
Three days after President Clinton ended three decades of special status for fleeing Cubans and announced that they would no longer be allowed into the United States, there was no sign that the change in policy was slowing the flight.
Strong currents, however, and flimsy vessels -- many powered only by oars, paddles, and grit -- often mean a much longer voyage for a departing refugee unless his craft is intercepted after leaving Cuban waters.
``It's good to get it over with,'' Daniel Frazer said Monday after entering his plea.
``It's behind me.'' Frazer became a free man in July after an appeals court concluded he was entitled to a hearing concerning his allegations that his trial attorney called him a ``stupid n-----'' for his refusal to plead guilty to all charges.
But after pleading guilty Monday he told reporters that the 1988 robbery was one he did remember.
The case has spawned a number of court hearings, including one in West Los Angeles Municipal Court on whether to open up records sealed after Simpson's 1989 conviction for spousal battery.
The fourth-round pick has struggled all summer, but Jones is expected to be held out after being hospitalized with a concussion.
Yesterday, after Lockhart's year out of football, the Cowboys honored the Baylor product's request to be added to the 1994 roster, if only momentarily.
All Jerod needs to know is go right, go left and go up the middle after we pitch it to you.'' ``The other (tailbacks) are ahead of him now.
``The guy who did it told me, `It's guaranteed to last 10 days after you're buried,''' Lewis said.
I read where (Cowboys tackle) Erik Williams did 23 inches and he's only carrying 330 pounds.'' NOT ANOTHER BUCKY Because he played his high school football in College Station, Watson earned the nickname ``Bucky Jr.,'' after former Texas A&M standout Bucky Richardson.
The stadium grounds crew worked for more than two hous Monday morning to get the field in playing shape after it was drenched by rain.
Three days after ...
The shallowness of Chavis's support within the organization -- and perhaps among blacks generally -- was evidenced by the paltry turnout at a rally in Baltimore on Sunday night that he had announced after his dismissal.
That meant I had to keep these clothes on all day because he never went home right after eating.
He struggled the last month of '93, and was intercepted 10 times in four games after being picked off only four times in the first seven.
In 1992, after serving 32 months, 17 days, he traveled to Florida.
But after a promotion, Gioiosa decided to try sales.
Giamatti, who died days after his order, issued an agreement that did not specifically say Rose bet on baseball, least of all the Reds.
When one of them came to town on a bond-selling expedition, long after Bataan, Bruce met her and courted her.
Her husband, the Republican U.S. senator for Arizona, never knew of his wife's addiction until a year after she had beat the drugs cold turkey when DEA agents came knocking on his family's door.
It kept building inside me till I was afraid I might burst.'' McCain's descent into addiction began shortly after a pair of surgeries in 1989 to repair four ruptured discs in her back.
``To sit there day after day and watch Howell Heflin rip John to shreds, then rip me to shreds -- I was on the floor.
Dali, the sassy surrealist painter, is being rewound this summer -- five years after his death at age 85.
(HarperCollins, $24.) A woman tries to cope after an act of violence destroys her perfect family life.
The experiences of women after the deaths of their mothers.
	(Pocket, $6.99) A mother and her teen-age 	daughter go on a spree after winning 	$60 million in a lottery.
When he finally shoved aside his writing tools in 1990, after 35 years of performing a variety of journalistic chores at the Wichita Falls Times Record News, he informed his co-workers that he was moving to Oregon because ``I want to see some trees before I die.'' Copelin's friends didn't find that in the least unusual.
Sometime after the witching hour on a clear, cold March night in 1956, with my five-months-pregnant wife bedded down safely on the back seat of our '54 Chevy, Copelin and I shared a practically nonstop, pedal-to-the-metal drive from Wichita Falls to Kansas City to watch Midwestern's basketball team participate in the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics championship tournament.
I had only infrequent contact with Copelin after we moved to Fort Worth.
Honeycutt's body was found four days after the accident.
Some might say ``Oh, get a grip.'' And maybe, after being away I've over-reacted.
She recently returned to the United States after living in Germany for two years and will be travelling across the country for the next few months.
But the Moche name was not applied to these people until the 1960s, after their artifacts were extensively studied.
``The Moche practiced human sacrifice but only after one-to-one combat,'' Morris says.
Cellmark Diagnostics, of Germantown, Md., is one of two laboratories analyzing blood samples obtained after the June killings of Simpson's former wife and her friend.
The report came just after allegations that, in the early 1980s, Mitterrand approved a scheme to assassinate Jacques Verges, a prominent left-wing lawyer suspected by the security services of working for the international terrorist Ilich Ramirez Sanchez, better known as Carlos the Jackal.
You didn't keep hometown hero Jack Morris after he helped you win in 1991, and I don't see any rope marks.
And folks tell me they're pretty good for responsible dog owners who want to pick up after their pets.
Four years after graduating from Harvard (she won't give her exact age in print because she still plays 17-year-olds), she is also taking on a variety of personas with remarkable ease.
(Mira's mother, Lorraine Davis, was an actress but didn't pursue her career after marriage.) ``It certainly had a more American ring, but I felt this is my name, I'm proud of my heritage, and I'm not going to change it.'' Still, at this incipient career stage, Ms. Sorvino struggles to maintain her separate identity, bristling at the comment that she was recommended to Whit Stillman by John Thomas, the cinematographer for ``Barcelona,'' who had worked with her father and her on ``Law and Order.'' ``I would like to have my work define me,'' she adds.
He tastes decaffeinated tea before and after the process.
One thing after another.
In 1988, when I.M. Pei's pyramid first became the point of departure for almost every visit to the Louvre, an orientation guide was produced after a long period of informed agonizing and collegial discussion.
That point is heightened at the foot of page after page by the presence of a roistering husband and wife who are marching along and clearly having a very good time.
nobody cared, nobody was doing anything.'' Podlaski returned to the country years after his experiences as an 18-year-old member of the Army's Special Forces -- the Green Berets -- at the height of the Vietnam War.
nobody cared, nobody was doing anything.'' Podlaski returned to the country years after his experiences as an 18-year-old member of the Army's Special Forces -- the Green Berets -- at the height of the Vietnam War.
Typically, after taking a table's order, a waiter goes to a computer terminal and uses a keyboard or touch screen to enter the number of diners and their table location, the dishes selected, and any special instructions (medium rare, spicy, no sauce, etc.).
And so it goes, social ill after social ill.
In such circumstances, it's only natural for people, after a while, to direct their hopes elsewhere.
Murphy said his organization, after meeting with her, is ``convinced that Kathleen Brown will enforce the death penalty.'' Since Wilson took office four years ago, two men have been executed in California, the first executions in the state in more than two decades.
Murphy said his organization, after meeting with her, is ``convinced that Kathleen Brown will enforce the death penalty.'' Since Wilson took office four years ago, two men have been executed in California, the first executions in the state in more than two decades.
But after a harrowing, sleep-losing scrape in the House over the 1994 anti-crime bill last weekend, it is clear that the GOP is still a big player in the national fight against troubling violence.
Cases of toxic shock fell off sharply in 1984 after Rely, made by Procter & Gamble Co., and other superabsorbent tampons were taken off the market.
`CHARLES: THE PRIVATE MAN, THE PUBLIC ROLE'  (BC-TV-CHARLES-REVIEW-NYT) Wednesday, as was breathlessly reported when ``Charles: The Private Man, the Public Role'' was shown in Britain, the royal known in the British tabloids as the heartless husband intimates that after his marriage to Princess Diana came apart he found comfort in the arms of Camilla Parker-Bowles.
	In a statement issued Monday, millionaire publisher Gerhard Frey, leader of the German People's Union, and Franz Schoenhuber, a veteran of the Nazi SS who heads the Republicans, urged their followers ``to put aside their differences and build a relationship that will prevent us from blocking our own electoral progress.'' 	The two leaders asserted that established parties are building ``a left-wing popular front'' which ``threatens the idea of Germany as a land for Germans.'' 	In Bonn Tuesday, Interior Minister Manfred Kanther announced that he had directed federal police ``to monitor the possibility of an alliance between the Republicans and the People's Union extremely closely.'' 	SHARA, Rwanda (NYT) -- It would be too glowing to say that life has returned to normal here -- after what Rwandans have been wrung through in recent months, that may take years -- but Hutus and Tutsis are resuming their peaceful life together, the life they led before politicians intent on power set them against each other.
	BEIJING (NYT) -- Three months after China's ``most favored nation'' trade status was renewed human rights conditions there have deteriorated further, and relations with Washington, instead of moving to a new and more constructive stage, remain mired in mistrust and contentiousness.
Its system of government, the British historian Paul Johnson observed, had ``expelled not only absolute moral values but reason itself.'' Even after Nagasaki, the Japanese cabinet was deadlocked on the issue of surrender.
Forgive the snickers from some leaders of other tribes after word that developer and casino owner Donald Trump may help the Tulalip Tribe build a $100 million hotel-casino complex on its reservation north of Everett, Wash.
But not just anything, not just slap together something that's got `health' in the title.'' Foley gave his assessment to reporters before returning to his district in Washington state to campaign for re-election until the House returns after Labor Day.
I thought of all the people who'd comforted me in the months after I was attacked.
Thus, 15 years after its first vintage, the wine is still being made with grapes from vineyards owned or leased by the Mondavi winery.
The worries about the 74-year-old pope's physical well-being resurfaced Sunday when he seemed to grimace in pain while descending from a platform after he had said Mass.
He used the same reason to cancel a visit to Lebanon this year after bomb explosions in a Maronite Christian Church.
Eleven months after President Clinton proclaimed a bold -- and complex -- proposal to guarantee health insurance to all Americans, the last clear legislative path to success seems to be closing.
	The bipartisan proposal by a self-styled ``Mainstream Coalition'' of Senators, which seemed to pro-administration Democrats to offer a welcome basis for negotiation, looks less encouraging Tuesday after the group's Republican leader, John H.
	WASHINGTON (NYT) -- Hour after hour, the airwaves in Cuba are filled with a compelling message: Don't go.
Immediately after we married he shipped off to the Aleutian Islands and was gone for two years.
``The profile of the buyer has changed dramatically, especially after the end of the Soviet Union,'' said Sanjiv Duggal, a carpet dealer.
I crawled out myself.'' Shipp was under so much sedation that he did not awake until nine days after the accident, and still has spells of amnesia.
``It's not there's a brochure saying after this many days, he plays,'' Irvine Coach Rod Baker said.
The ultimate power, after all, resides only in the chief executive.
Chavis took over the executive's post 16 months ago when he succeeded Benjamin Hooks, who retired after leading the NAACP for 15 years.
Most NAACP members heard of the accusations and agreement only after Mary Stansel, the accuser, sued Chavis and the NAACP for breach of contract.
But just what shape each party will be in after this episode remains to be seen.
The story, which begins in 1452, is said to take place only 30 years after cohabiting with a Jew ceased to be a capital crime.
Only at the end of the film, as Fresh engineers a staggering set of human chess moves and goes on to acknowledge that his father's lessons have not been lost after all, is this boy's character fully revealed.
She has been with Essence magazine for about six years and wrote ``When Death Comes Stealing'' at night, after work.
I see people sitting at tables in the student union signing all the time.'' The University of Massachusetts at Amherst has frozen tuition and mandatory fees for the first time in 29 years after an intense lobbying effort by students, parents and school officials succeeded in getting the State Legislature to allocate more money for higher education.
By the time Patsy Cline, born nine years after Williams, got to Nashville in 1955, country had moved into plush echo-chamber arrangements: it was aiming, in one promoter's words, to be an Oldsmobile, neatly parked between the Model T of hillbilly and the Cadillac of pop.
Cline was born in Virginia, just six days after her 43-year-old father had been forced to marry her 15-year-old mother.
This is, after all, the first August vacation since high school for the 31-year-old Bonilla.
Wheat futures fell after the USDA rejected bids from Egypt, Pakistan and Yemen to buy subsidized U.S. wheat.
``Frasier,'' the No. 7-rated show in prime-time its first season, now will have to square off at 9 p.m. Tuesdays against ``Home Improvement,'' the most popular show on TV after three years on Wednesdays, instead of No. 4 ``Roseanne.'' In turn, ``Roseanne,'' considered vulnerable by NBC -- and apparently ABC, too -- goes to 9 p.m. Wednesdays after six years on Tuesdays.
Many magazines, after all, have come to rely on contrived lists of best and biggest simply to stir up controversy and thereby hype sales.
	Kennedy intern coordinator 	Kennedy press secretary 	Barbieri, who appears on ``Hard Copy'' Wednesday, brought along a producers' synopsis prepared after the murders, in which the movie is described as ``a riveting, action-packed thriller where revenge is the name of the game and fiery passion explodes into a death hunt that knows no bounds.'' 	The prince has accepted an invitation to visit the Holocaust Museum in Jerusalem, where he will receive a medal and certificate honoring his mother, 	During the German occupation, when 65,000 Jews in Greece were sent to concentration camps, Princess Alice hid three Jews in her home in Athens.
	Kennedy intern coordinator 	Kennedy press secretary 	Barbieri, who appears on ``Hard Copy'' Wednesday, brought along a producers' synopsis prepared after the murders, in which the movie is described as ``a riveting, action-packed thriller where revenge is the name of the game and fiery passion explodes into a death hunt that knows no bounds.'' 	The prince has accepted an invitation to visit the Holocaust Museum in Jerusalem, where he will receive a medal and certificate honoring his mother, 	During the German occupation, when 65,000 Jews in Greece were sent to concentration camps, Princess Alice hid three Jews in her home in Athens.
Tune in next week or the week after and see a different Angela.
But after the excitement dies, ``that's when Ford really has to hit home on advertising and getting dealers behind the car.'' 
Oscar Hammerstein II's libretto, after all, is as worthy of scrutiny as the dramas, old and new, on which Hytner has built his career; and it has its own dramatic basis in Ferenc Molnar's ``Liliom.'' Hytner's achievement is to make cohesive the apparent incongruities of a show encompassing wife-beating, personal frailty and emotional repression one minute and clambakes and carousels the next.
Whereas the musical on Broadway was marketed as a children's entertainment (and, in performance, had to fulfill that on some level), the London version was as odd, and as adult, as most fairy tales: perhaps too adult, since it closed after five months.
``We heard it time after time after time, and we are a user-friendly company in terms of listening to what audiences say.'' Dinerstein acknowledged that knowing the client's identity up front wouldn't have the same impact on a viewer's enjoyment of ``The Advocate'' as knowing the secret of ``The Crying Game'' before seeing the film.
It's no surprise to see more people with tattoos and piercings -- not after four years of Lollapalooza Festivals, which are single-generation affairs, bewildering to most boomers.
Hard workers at what they know, after a lifetime of dependency they display a helpless passivity at the prospect of doing anything else.
And after 80 years of enforced atheism, almost nobody appeals to the church.
10 deadline for making a decision approaches, the EPA appears likely to grant a request by the 12 states to switch to a strict set of emission standards -- patterned after those adopted in California -- under which car makers must build and sell increasing numbers of low-emission cars to reduce air pollution.
Although most of the 12 states' governors had promised in 1991 to adopt the California rules, many of the bills submitted to carry out the promises died in state legislatures after a frontal assault from auto industry lobbyists.
Now, after five years of anonymous and arcane labor, a group of judges, lawyers and scholars has approved a model adoption law intended to prevent such battles.
Experts in adoptions are increasingly being challenged because a birth father appears after a child has been adopted, saying he was never told of the child's existence, and most existing state laws do not have clear guidelines in the cases.
Groups like Concerned United Birth parents say that mothers, who may be particularly vulnerable in the days after birth to arguments that they give up their babies to adoption, have no recourse if they change their minds.
It turns out that Michael Landon was an innovator after all.
Discussing her husband's death soon after he's gone, she shakes her head and curses the timing of it all: ``Gee, just when he had quit smoking ...'' Please, someone light a match to these shows.
Pete said he's going to try to make a place for me on the practice squad.'' Coach Pete Carroll suggested to reporters that after more practice, Meola could be signed to the 53-man roster, of which 46 suit up for games.
Thirty minutes after the others had left the practice field, Lowery finished his workout.
``Major labels will go after anything they think can sell,'' he says.
They will put out anything: how many albums of CB-radio novelty songs did they put out after the song `Convoy' hit?'' Beck and others view the lo-fi esthetic as a marriage of economic necessity and personal choice.
Last October, in the pages of Nature, they revealed that I.Q. scores of college students rose nine points after exposure to 10 minutes of Mozart.
If Mozart makes you smarter, why do Mostly Mozart audiences at Lincoln Center break into applause in the middle of pieces, after slow movements as well as fast?
Similarly, do the Grafs and Broadwoods of Beethoven's later years -- and the gleaming Steinways that came after him -- truly represent progress over the smaller pianos of his youth, or are they simply different?
MGM Grand Air became a charter service at the end of 1992 when scheduled flights between Los Angeles and New York were discontinued after five years of operation.
	Since last year, the highway between Aix-en-Provence and the Italian border has been an experimental area for an automatic lane-reduction safety system designed to channel traffic after an accident.
Alfonso's involvement was the element that pushed it to the next level.'' Based on Alesandro Blasetti's 1942 film, ``Four Steps in the Clouds,'' ``A Walk in the Clouds'' is set in the fictional California vineyard of Las Nubes (The Clouds) in 1945, immediately after World War II.
If you work hard and wish for things, you will get them.'' Arau has spent most of his life going after what he wanted.
``I always tried to make them a likable bandito, to give them more dimension.'' In 1986, after playing an alliterative gunslinger called El Guapo (The Handsome One) -- his line ``A plethora of pinatas!'' is a camp classic -- in the south-of-the-border spoof ``Three Amigos!,'' Arau decided to hang up his acting hat and devote himself full time to directing.
After enjoying years with virtually no competition for Pagemaker after its introduction, Aldus has more recently found its dominance in desktop publishing threatened.
Aldus' stock, languishing below $18 a recently as February, surged after the Adobe merger was announced on March 15, reaching a 52-week high of $34.25 two days later.
``Adobe, even with its different corporate culture, is at least compatible and sympathetic to Aldus.'' Brainerd, Aldus' 46-year-old chairman, said he thought of the merger shortly after his announcement in August 1993 that he planned to resign.
Citicorp officials declined to discuss 399 Ventures, which is named after the company's corporate address, 399 Park Avenue in Manhattan, except to say it had made numerous investments in a variety of industries during the past decade..
A week later, after The Mobile Register published an interview with Trosch, Lipscomb removed him from his post and send him to a monastery for a period of reflection.
Once, he said, a parish council voted to ask that he be moved to another parish after he preached against abortion.
In discussing Trosch, Sherlock recalled his own experience as a young civil rights volunteer in the late 1960s, who once spent a night in a Mobile jail after police broke up a protest march.
24: Shortly after President Clinton took office, his administration announced that it would provide free vaccinations for all youngsters -- rich, poor, and in-between.
Nearly two years later, after being granted an unusual medical redshirt, the 23-year-old Medearis, a sixth-year defensive end, has looked so good in scrimmages that he is likely to start.
Wall Street analysts are voicing ``a feeling that you will get a rally after Labor Day,'' Perrin Long, who follows the brokerage industry for First of Michigan Corp., said.
5, after rioters in downtown Havana clashed with police and chanted ``Down with Fidel,'' Castro was speaking on Cuban television when he was handed a note that he said contained a threat from the head of the U.S. Interest Section in Havana ``that a serious situation would develop'' if the Cuban leader did not abandon his aggressive rhetoric.
STOCKS SOAR AS DOLLAR GAINS NEW YORK  (BC-MARKET-NYT) The stock market surged Tuesday after currency speculators pulled back from their attack on the dollar and the the currency lifted a little in value.
Shares of Newbridge Networks, a maker of computer and telecommunications equipment, fell after the company proposed allowing employees to exercise their stock options at lower share prices.
In 1992, two years after being diagnosed with cancer, Lebow ran the five-borough course for the first time, a sentimental journey that took him 5 hours 32 minutes.
But after at least 35,000 deaths in the conflict, Sri Lankans hoped the election this week of a new prime minister was a watershed in a war that had settled into a seemingly hopeless stalemate.
The motive for the attack appeared to be the demands for compromise with the Tamil rebels that the Kumaratungas had made after founding a breakaway political party.
RADIO MARTI'S MESSAGE: STAY AT HOME WASHINGTON  (BC-CUBA-U.S.-MARTI-ART-425&ADD-NYT) Hour after hour, the airwaves in Cuba are filled with a single message: Don't go.
At one desk for the past several days, Elizardo San Pedro Marin has spent hour after hour trying to reach Cuba by telephone.
Most conversations abruptly end moments after the connection is made, presumably because of interference from Castro's government.
That's when I get the waves all to myself.'' Talt, a high school teacher who has been night riding for 20 of his 30 years surfing, said a crowd after sundown is 25 surfers, or about 10 percent of what he has counted on the busiest days at the same beach.
`If you're insecure or need friends around, this isn't for you.'' Sunday evening -- the night after August's full moon -- was Scott Berens' first nocturnal experience in two years of surfing.
Those things are freaky.'' It got a little too freaky for Westlake Village's Dave Garboski, who gave up on the Moon Patrol after four attempts in seven years of surfing.
Harrington, the Red Sox's chief executive officer, and Butler, the Dodgers' veteran center fielder, offered their positions after each side met with John Calhoun Wells, director of the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service, and three aides, Wilma Liebman, John Martin and Brian Flores.
``Eleven and hopefully 12 will stay here for as long as it takes, as long as there's productive dialogue,'' he said, adding he hoped the two sides would continue meeting after Wednesday's session.
``For all practical purposes, the left as a politcal force could disappear after this,'' said Lorenzo Meyer, a political scientist at the Colegio de Mexico, who supported the leftist presidential candidate Cuauhtemoc Cardenas.
In an interview on Tuesday, Cardenas said he would ``continue being a fighter to change the country for democracy,'' and was going ahead with another rally on Saturday, at which he hoped there would be ``an important number of people.'' He conceded, however, he does ``not know where the left stands,'' after the election.
Eleven months after President Clinton proclaimed a bold -- and complex -- proposal to guarantee health insurance to all Americans, the last clear legislative path toward that goal seems to be closing.
Last Friday's bipartisan proposal by the self-styled ``mainstream coalition,'' which seemed to pro-administration Democrats to offer a welcome basis for negotiation, looked less encouraging Tuesday after the group's Republican leader, Sen.
One senator after another says he hopes so, because Chafee's commitment is much more than the 60 hours the group spent on the issue.
``People have started to recognize me,'' he says, ``especially after the All-Star game.
Travelers who leave this week or are already in Cuba will probably return to Miami aboard a limited number of planes allowed to fly to Havana after Wednesday, Mr. Aruca said.
His company originated the first charter flights to Havana in 1979 after a dialogue between Castro and Cuban exiles led to bilaterial easing of tensions between the two countries.
For one thing, some organizers said, the Clinton administration and Democrats in Congress reached out to the black groups late -- after rejecting many of their proposals as too costly or politically risky in meetings over the last year or so.
A commercial paid for by the NAACP and placed on black radio stations sketches the story of Dr. Charles Drew, who discovered blood plasma and later bled to death when a segregated hospital refused to treat him after an accident.
``I don't accept that I have been defeated because this was an unequal campaign,'' Fernandez said at a news conference, his tone sharper than it was in his initial remarks after the vote.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Many Mexican political analysts had predicted that voters who feared turning the presidency over to an opposition party after months of political turbulence and more than six decades of PRI rule would nonetheless vote more strongly for opposition candidates to the Congress.
Happiness arrived after a half-point rate boost convinced bond traders that inflation had been forever Greenspan-ized.
Happiness arrived after a half-point rate boost convinced bond traders that inflation had been forever Greenspan-ized.
It was Fuhrman who found a bloody glove on the grounds of Simpson's Brentwood estate on the morning of June 13, hours after Mrs.
``What we are really seeing now is the result of us going after that business more thoughtfully and more aggressively.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
At the same time, imports that once seemed assured dropped after companies discovered that instead of shipping products from East Asia to the East Coast through the Panama Canal, they could save money by shipping them to the West Coast, and use railways for the rest of the journey.
 (BC-NY-PORT-UPTURN-2NDTAKE-NYT) This revamping of the shipping business stripped the Port of New York and New Jersey of its standing as the nation's top port, pushing it to second or third, after Los Angeles and Long Beach, Calif.
Two months after returning home from a deployment that included missions over Bosnia, and only three years after fighting in the Persian Gulf War, he has found his Tactical Electronic Warfare Squadron 132 grounded for lack of gas money.
But some clients were staying on the sidelines until after the contest.
Shareholders would also get a variable common right to protect them if the Viacom class B stock is below $52 a share within a year after the deal closes.
The combined companies will have $10.1 billion of debt after the merger, and about $1.9 billion of operating cash flow.
But Foley's statements mark the first time that a Democratic leader has said publicly that a sweeping health care proposal might not be voted on until after the November elections, when Democrats are expected to lose seats in both chambers of Congress.
Despite the problems, the Democratic leadership in the Senate has resisted requests that members delay consideration of the issue until after a short break.
Coast Guard Chief Warrant Officer Dan Waldschmidt said that with the recently reinforced rescue operation by 19 Coast Guard cutters and five Navy ships, most rafts were being picked up two to three days after departure.
A lot of them are going to float on by.'' Officials of the Immigration and Naturalization Service at Krome Detention Center near Miami, in Dade County, reported receiving 24 more refugees who reached Florida's shores Monday after apparently being missed by rescue craft.
Last week, an 8-year-old boy ended up alone in the water after a storm flipped the boat carrying him and his parents.
	Stocks advanced after the dollar halted its slide.
The Dow ended up 24.61 points after climbing nearly 40 points.
	The dollar slipped back against the yen after an early surge on signs that Japan's central bank had bought dollars.
But the Coast Guard said that 2,259 Cuban refugees were picked up in the Straits of Florida on Tuesday, as of 6:15 p.m, after 2,548 were rescued Monday -- the largest daily amount since the Mariel boatlift.
One option under consideration is to revive parts of a classified contingency plan developed during the 1980s after the Mariel boatlift.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Several officials said that after the administration vowed in recent days not to allow Cuban boatpeople into the country, they would be highly reluctant to reverse that policy and place the Cubans on the mainland.
Federated noted that the Federal Trade Commission effectively cleared the merger last week, after a six-month review of antitrust concerns.
Federated has said that after all the legal hurdles are cleared it would close or sell at least some stores in those areas where its Abraham & Straus, Stern's or Bloomingdale's stores are within steps of Macy's stores.
She taught at Stony Brook from 1968 until her retirement in 1987, after which she moved to Cambridge.
He was not.'' The House approved a House-Senate conference committee's compromise bill Sunday night after long haggles over the weekend.
Kelvin, of the Guardians, called Del Debbio ``an untrained cowboy who should be prosecuted for attempted murder.'' Kelvin said he and other members of the Guardians would come to Police Headquarters on Wednesday to show a training film the group produced two years ago after a black undercover transit police officer named Derwin Pannell was shot and seriously wounded while making an arrest by a white colleague who mistook him for a mugger.
``I don't want to look too deeply into what happened last week; I just know events like the Open are what I'm playing for, so I'm starting my second career after three days off,'' said Courier, who abandoned his racquets for three days of golf, body-surfing, and film-going last week in Florida.
The announcement came a day after commissioners from each of the city's agencies submitted proposals to the mayor's office to reduce spending by 2.6 percent immediately and possibly to cut another 2.2 percent down the road.
``He was very much opposed to it then, as was I, though others on the Council supported the idea.'' Dinkins delayed a police class in June 1993 to save $20 million after promising state lawmakers to accelerate the start of two classes this year.
Blaze, a mascot resembling a Phoenix and designed by the Paralympic organizers, is a symbol for its games scheduled for Atlanta in August 1996, two weeks after the conclusion of the Olympic Games.
``We expect Blaze to go on after the Paralympics to become a symbol of a much larger movement involving people with disabilities,'' said G.
The hospital had given Hogue several weekend passes home during the spring, and was planning to release him to an outpatient program even though he had tested positive for cocaine use after returning to Creedmoor from a July 4 weekend pass, she said.
In many cases, she said, he was released after becoming stable, and then returned to his violent behavior after being unsupervised on the streets.
That's where we've been at, and that's where we're still at.'' But after the owners' team met with a group of four federal mediators, Harrington appeared to leave the door open for a system that doesn't employ a salary cap.
Asked if he heard ``anything new'' in Tuesday's session, Harrington said, ``Yes, but I can't discuss it.'' Ravitch also declined to reveal what the mediators proposed, but he did say, ``It's a step in the right direction that the stakeholders in the game -- the owners and players -- can sit down together.'' Also encouraging were promises by Harrington to negotiate day after day until a settlement is reached.
But after the attack, Del Debbio, 31, told his parents that his worst fear was that he would be too disabled to continue his police work, said his mother, Dahlia Del Debbio.
Del Debbio, also in street clothes, was taking the E train home after working late at Police Headquarters, where four months ago he was assigned to an elite unit that specializes in electronic surveillance, police said.
In August 1990, he was riding home on a northbound N train with his fiancee after celebrating the sixth month of their relationship, said a police spokesman, Sgt.
``It hurts a lot,'' said Ivanisevic, who retired after losing the first set to Reneberg, 7-6 (7-2), and then falling behind by 3-0 in the second set.
``Because it's the U.S. Open, it's important to try to play,'' he said after some treatment in the player's training room.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Ivanisevic was up a break and serving at 30-40 in the fifth game of the first set after double-faulting twice, when he said the pain started to increase.
I was surprised he didn't stop after the first set.'' Ivanisevic said that he will probably stay at the Hamlet for the next two or three days for treatment and then go to New York City to practice for the Open, which begins Monday.
said Tuesday that it had placed in review its systems and software accounts, with combined billings estimated at $21 million to $23 million, after parting ways with Anderson & Lembke in San Francisco.
	The review came a day after Sun dismissed Anderson on the systems portion of the account, which the agency had handled for four years, and Anderson resigned the software portion of the account, which it had handled for two months.
	Relationship Ends in a Squabble 	The relationship between the New York office of D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles and Pro Player ended in a squabble Tuesday, only five months after the agency was awarded the company's licensed sports apparel account.
	Hanes said on Monday that Gyro was awarded the account after a six-month review, but declined to identify the other participants.
If Yeltsin makes the first trip to Seattle by a Russian head of state, it would be after he attended the United Nations General Assembly session Sept.
The announcement came when the two met after Yeltsin, for the first time, joined exclusive talks with the leaders of the world's largest industrialized democracies at the end of their 20th annual economic summit.
Eliel Swinton, after being converted from running back, saw plenty of action in all four secondary positions.
The inquiry began a year ago after the dismissal and subsequent arrest of Linda Winikow, a former state senator and former vice president for corporate policy at the utility, who pleaded guilty to grand larceny and making illegal campaign contributions.
He has ordered United managers to take after him and get out of their offices and meet with employees.
``But community stability and tradition have also been important.'' ``I Think that after many decades of dynamic change, people are stabilizing, stripping their fireplaces to get back to basic wood and emphasizing what seems most important, like early-childhood education,'' said Gronowicz, a historian who commutes weekly to Pennsylvania from the 82nd Street apartment in which he grew up.
``Our success doesn't stem from any particular teaching philosophy so much as it does from the stability of the neighborhood.'' Officially, the centennial celebration will be kicked off soon after school opens when David Rose, a 37-year-old software developer, tries to dig up the time capsule he buried 25 years ago when he was the school's student council president.
Now we have more, but there's still room for improvement.'' Other details uncovered concerned Katherine Blake, the daughter of Lillie Deveraux Blake, a 19th-century feminist after whom the school was named.
His family said he died of natural causes after suffering from internal bleeding.
``We thought we were famous celebrities after that.'' Harris is a strong, fast outfielder with a batting average (.222) that is badly in need of a transfusion.
I got that after I finished the season.
Kravis, who proposed the new fund after researching similar economic-development efforts by corporate leaders in cities like Atlanta and Minneapolis.
Orehek broke down and wept during the half-hour hearing after being reminded she faces a maximum of 10 years in prison for her role in defrauding four banks of more than $138 million in loans.
 (BC-FBN-49ER NOTES-SF CHRON) A week after he rejoined the team following his rehab from knee surgery, linebacker Darin Jordan became an ex-49er again Tuesday.
Besides trying a new position, he agreed to a $300,000 contract -- $85,000 less than the minimum tender offer required for restricted veterans -- and made the trip to Barcelona, Spain, for the preseason opener one day after his wife gave birth to their first child.
Sixteen of his runs were for 2 yards or less and he lost the starting spot after fumbling twice in the first half without getting hit against Green Bay.
Andrea Mazzola, a Los Angeles Police Department criminalist since January, said she and a supervisor arrived at Simpson's Rockingham Avenue estate about 7 a.m. June 13 -- several hours after O.J. Simpson's former wife, Nicole Simpson, and her friend Ronald Goldman were found slain.
He has ordered United managers to take after him and get out of their offices and meet with employees.
But the Coast Guard said that 2,886 Cuban refugees were picked up in the Straits of Florida on Tuesday, as of 10 p.m, after 2,548 were rescued Monday -- the largest daily amount since the Mariel boatlift.
One option under consideration is to revive parts of a classified contingency plan developed during the 1980s after the Mariel boatlift.
Several officials said that after the administration vowed in recent days not to allow Cuban boatpeople into the country, they would be highly reluctant to reverse that policy and place the Cubans on the mainland.
Coast Guard Chief Warrant Officer Dan Waldschmidt said that with the recently reinforced rescue operation by 19 Coast Guard cutters and five Navy ships, most rafts were being picked up two to three days after departure.
Instead, they named him after a family acquaintance, Darrell Royal.
``It is fair to say that the owners are not going to change their views that cost certainty is the central issue,'' Ravitch said after 11 members of his 12-member negotiating team met for about 3 1/2 hours with mediators Tuesday.
Fehr and 18 players, including Texas Rangers players representative and American League alternate Kevin Brown, again rejected a cap after their meeting with the mediators.
The proposal: Instead of the present salary arbitration system, which players are eligible for after their third, fourth and fifth years, players would become free agents after their third year, with the club having the right of first refusal only in that first year of free-agent eligibility.
Under this system, players would be assured complete freedom after just four seasons.
Thursday night, after enduring daylong questions regarding his alleged ``lack of control,'' Switzer appeared live with Hansen on Channel 8.
``What is so irritating is that after we got off the air, Barry said something about what good television it was,'' Hansen said.
So after Northridge lost for the first time in 18 postseason games on Monday, Cassel didn't pout.
He's got one of the best work ethics on the team and he's going to go a long way.'' Cassel's three-run homer gave Northridge a 4-0 lead after three innings.
Northridge seemed to respond well after its first postseason defeat, with Cassel leading the way.
Berrard, the president of Blockbuster, would have after the sale.
The right only has a value if the stock is below $52 a share within a year after the deal closes.
The combined companies will have $10.1 billion of debt after the merger.
``I don't accept that I have been defeated because this was an unequal campaign,'' Fernandez said at a news conference, his tone sharper than it was in his initial remarks after the vote.
Many Mexican political analysts had predicted that voters who feared turning the presidency over to an opposition party after months of political turbulence and more than six decades of PRI rule would nonetheless vote more strongly for opposition candidates to the Congress.
``I started to get more inquiries after that,'' said Linda Fuller, the company's human resources manager.
Usually, the state only learned about these departures after the decisions had been made, because company officials are reluctant to discuss a pending relocation out of a concern for frightening workers.
Each of the cities promised about $400,000 to $500,000 annual savings, with a payback -- after moving costs -- within four years.
``I'm outta here,'' Lindstrom-Foster said after the quake.
``Now I can move on to other things.'' In her office after the announcement, Lindstrom-Foster said she had no regrets.
He rarely spoke to reporters after the outburst.
He rarely spoke to reporters after the outburst.
But last season, well after he established himself as a superstar, Stokes caught 14 passes against Wisconsin in the Rose Bowl, a game record.
The 40-member Senate voted 21-17 on the bill after seven hours of political maneuvering.
It helped grandfather remain independent and he really was.'' He tells the story of a young man who had just moved back to Pemberville after spending a few years in Arkansas.
Of the coup plotters, one, Interior Minister Boris Pugo, committed suicide after the coup failed.
He was freed after Zain reversed his testimony and acknowledged that blood found at the crime scene wasn't from Davis.
She worked at this and other jobs throughout my childhood and into my early adolescence, going on welfare only after she became too sick to work.
MIAMI BEACH  (BC-DCOKEGUY-COX) Talk about gettin' Lucky! ``I never thought I'd get through, never,'' said Linda Seerley, who landed dinner Friday night with Diet Coke model Lucky Vanous after winning a radio call-in contest.
``It was three weeks after I entered when WRMF drew my name.
``My life has been so crazy,'' she said, cruising South Beach in a WRMF-sponsored limo after munching grilled mahi-mahi with sauteed greens and lemon grass.
``I'm probably going to join Weight Watchers after this,'' joked the 6-foot-2, 190-pound man du jour, who polished off dinner with key lime pie.
Preparedness has improved since the reorganization of the Federal Emergency Management Agency after Hurricane Andrew, Bush said.
Said the Indians' Dennis Martinez, then pitching for Baltimore, ``In 1981, we only had four days after the strike to get in shape, and a lot of guys got hurt because of it.
The 5-foot-8{, 168-pound rookie is the one who got away after the Longhorns and Bears were locked in one of the nastiest, most protracted recruiting battles since Texas lost Marcus Dupree to a destination north of the Red River, boots or no boots.
``Two weeks after the re-flooding began, birds that hadn't been there in 40 years arrived from nowhere,'' said Giora Shaham, a water resources engineer and director of the Hula Valley project.
nobody cared, nobody was doing anything.'' Podlaski returned to the country years after his experiences as an 18-year-old member of the Army's Special Forces -- the Green Berets -- at the height of the Vietnam War.
nobody cared, nobody was doing anything.'' Podlaski returned to the country years after his experiences as an 18-year-old member of the Army's Special Forces -- the Green Berets -- at the height of the Vietnam War.
nobody cared, nobody was doing anything.'' Podlaski returned to the country years after his experiences as an 18-year-old member of the Army's Special Forces -- the Green Berets -- at the height of the Vietnam War.
nobody cared, nobody was doing anything.'' Podlaski returned to the country years after his experiences as an 18-year-old member of the Army's Special Forces -- the Green Berets -- at the height of the Vietnam War.
The 6th Army is remaining at the Presidio under a five-year lease after the transfer Oct.
Compaq, for example, has already said the new version will be on its machines shortly after it is released.
She worked at this and other jobs throughout my childhood and into my early adolescence, going on welfare only after she became too sick to work.
The romantic legend of ordinary Parisians confronting German tanks and machine guns and, after six days of fierce street fighting, overwhelming their demoralized foes became an essential ingredient of postwar French politics.
And sales of foods low in fat and/or cholesterol peaked in mid-1993 after three years of growth and may be starting downward, according to market research by Nielsen North America.
Shoppers who bought margarine because it was supposed to be healthier than butter, for example, were chagrined to read a recent report suggesting that butter might be better after all.
But soon after they arrived, Mrs.
``There is an overwhelming consensus that if parents drink when children are present, it should be very light drinking.'' In an analysis of unpublished data, researchers at the New York State Office of Alcoholism and Substance Abuse Services in Buffalo found that women are likely to cut back on drinking after they have children.
The researchers have been following 647 couples, interviewing them when they obtained their marriage licenses, a year after their marriages and again after three years.
As newlyweds, 30 percent of the women said they usually had at least two drinks a week; after they became mothers, only 17 percent still had that much to drink, said Dr. Kenneth Leonard, a senior research scientist at the Research Institute on Addictions, which is part of the state agency.
Ms. Gilbert bought the four-story Greek Revival building 11 years ago, after moving from nearby Park Slope.
Today, although some buildings remain boarded up and an abandoned sofa lolls in a littered driveway, most of Five Oaks's lawns are brightly planted, children race bicycles down the streets again and no one who was interviewed said they fear going out after dark.
That, ever since puberty, we've looked at our flat chests in the mirror and said, ``Ugghh.'' We know what beauty is, after all.
I went to Macy's right after work, but, alas, it was too late.
One thing is certain: Long after many of the trials of the Clinton presidency are forgotten, history will record that Hillary Clinton, like Eleanor Roosevelt, added new dimensions to the post of first lady.
It speaks in a funny kind of English lingo that you'll pick up after a couple of days -- trust me.
The water comes from the Carribean, after passing through a desalination plant, said Marine Lt. Ernest Duplessis.
He led the expedition that found the liner in 1985, 73 years after it hit an iceberg in the North Atlantic and sank on its first voyage.
He remained after his discharge in 1970 largely because Woods Hole, a private institution, was the home of Alvin, the Navy's three-man research submarine.
His other son from that marriage was killed in a car accident in 1989, weeks after Ballard found the Bismarck.
In the highest profile faux pas, Fox suffered a giant humiliation when the Chevy Chase late-night talk show -- an obvious mistake from the day he was signed -- was mercifully canceled after only six awful weeks on the air.
13 with a movie on the life of O.J. Simpson, then announced it had postponed the play date until after a jury is selected for Simpson's murder trial.
	The burning was arranged after the movie folk advertised in local vintners newsletters, offering a ``new financing option for vineyard replanting.'' ``We got a lot of response,'' location manager 	The film makers were offering a minimum location fee of $10,000 plus the cost of the crop.
	The burning was arranged after the movie folk advertised in local vintners newsletters, offering a ``new financing option for vineyard replanting.'' ``We got a lot of response,'' location manager 	The film makers were offering a minimum location fee of $10,000 plus the cost of the crop.
Shapera after his birth in 1930, and later switched to a variation on Evan, his mother's maiden name.
More seriously, Evans lost contact with his brother and brother-in-law after all three were implicated in a 1980 drug bust.
Goes by, but does not necessarily answer to the name ``Colt.'' Do not know if naming tiny rodent after young, male horse played a part in its escape.
One of the first Western exchange students in China after the Cultural Revolution ended in 1976, he has programmed the Asian section of the Venice Film Festival for the last 12 years.
	Indeed, there were plenty of assertions of new-found harmony from local school officials, before and after the shortened first day.
``It was like a family,'' said the new assistant principal, Lucille Burns, who is black, after the school day ended at mid-morning.
The family still plans to return to Washington just after Labor Day.
In the highest profile faux pas, Fox suffered a giant humiliation when the Chevy Chase late-night talk show -- an obvious mistake from the day he was signed -- was mercifully canceled after only six awful weeks on the air.
13 with a movie on the life of O.J. Simpson, then announced it had postponed the play date until after a jury is selected for Simpson's murder trial.
For some time, savvy concertgoers have known that if they check in with Ticketmaster or a concert hall's box office daily after a show has sold out, there will eventually be tickets available.
In many ways, after all, the poignance of adolescence arises from how inarticulable teen-agers find their problems.
For all its deftness in managing the lives of its many interrelated characters, for all the wit in its writing and courage in tackling genuine, contemporary emotional issues, ``Thirtysomething'' was criticized (rightly) for being a little too whiny, as week after week it seemed to preach the lesson that life is just one long crisis-management seminar.
But after receiving a critical letter from the U.S. Justice Department and a staff report saying the printers had changed their assessment, the board unanimously voted Tuesday to transliterate at least the last names of each candidate.
Mejias said he was surprised that after months of assurances from the printers and the board's staff that there was no room for the translations they had now found the space.
The shooting came only a little more than 24 hours after two officers mistakenly confronted each other and were wounded in an exchange of gunfire in a Manhattan subway station.
In that case, police arrested Angel Tueros, 21, of Jamaica, charging him with shooting Hernandez with a 9-millimeter machine gun after Hernandez slapped him in the face during a dispute.
NEW FROM ORSON WELLES: UPDATED `QUIXOTE' LONDON  (BC-WELLES-QUIXOTE-510&ADD-NYT) With a soundtrack featuring Orson Welles's own booming narration, a roughly-cut version of the director's unfinished film ``Don Quixote'' made its public debut at the Edinburgh Film Festival this week, nine years after his death.
While Don Quixote still tilts at windmills and mistakes a flock of sheep for an enemy army, he also charges after traffic policemen and girls riding motor scooters, and his loyal sidekick, Sancho Panza, watches a television broadcast by the Spanish dictator.
I am unfamiliar with the genesis of this phrase, but I wouldn't be surprised if it entered the vernacular after a crime was committed.
After the integrity of everybody within the spider-weblike radius of the crime was questioned, after the friends of the friends of the friends were called in, after their work habits and memory banks and daily doings were raked with suffocating scrutiny, I imagine three monkeys arising as one, in protest, and slapping their hands over their faces.
The monkeys are you and me, after being barraged with O.J. Who would want to have anything to do with this case, if participation means what we've been watching?
nobody cared, nobody was doing anything.'' Podlaski returned to the country years after his experiences as an 18-year-old member of the Army's Special Forces -- the Green Berets -- at the height of the Vietnam War.
nobody cared, nobody was doing anything.'' Podlaski returned to the country years after his experiences as an 18-year-old member of the Army's Special Forces -- the Green Berets -- at the height of the Vietnam War.
nobody cared, nobody was doing anything.'' Podlaski returned to the country years after his experiences as an 18-year-old member of the Army's Special Forces -- the Green Berets -- at the height of the Vietnam War.
``It's tough not to be a tennis player anymore,'' Arias said, moments after smacking a forehand wide to lose to Tomas Johansson of Sweden, 6-3, 6-4.
In 1984 he reached a career-high No.5 ATP world ranking after reaching the French Open quarterfinals.
nobody cared, nobody was doing anything.'' Podlaski returned to the country years after his experiences as an 18-year-old member of the Army's Special Forces -- the Green Berets -- at the height of the Vietnam War.
During a pre-dawn, televized press conference Monday, shortly after realizing he was going to win, Zedillo and several supporters standing on the dais barely cracked a smile.
Recently, on the day after the girl returned from the hospital, a maintenance worker was in the kitchen scraping paint off a pipe and a window sill.
The city's new lead-abatement regulations were enacted only after legal action by the legal services group.
In the final version, perhaps after the MFN China decision, a line from a pragmatist was brought up from below as a substitute: ``Our national security strategy reflects both America's interests and our values.'' Similarly, the following fix illuminates a switched emphasis: ``We believe that our goals of promoting democracy, protecting our security, and enhancing our economy are mutually supportive'' was changed, at perhaps the highest level, to ``We believe that our goals of enhancing our security, bolstering our economic prosperity, and promoting democracy are mutually supportive.'' Different priorities.
Parizeau, who holds a doctorate from the London School of Economics and was a finance minister in one of the the earlier Parti Quebecois governments, says that soon after the election he would have the Quebec assembly pass a solemn declaration of sovereignty, essentially giving formal notice of Quebec's intent to separate.
His trainer, Nick Zito, who has been pronouncing the horse fresh and primed after a two-month rest, watched his prize colt miss by less than two lengths and promptly went to his defense.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Go for Gin clearly did not have to win the Forego after a two-month layoff just to stay in contention for the division championship.
FINISH LINES The 2-year-old ranks suffered a prominent casualty Wednesday morning: The filly Changing Ways, who won the Schuylerville Stakes on opening day at Saratoga, went lame after her workout and was found to have suffered a fractured cannon bone in her right foreleg.
	The dogs later tried to make a meal of the leather upholstery of a royal Land Rover, and in 1991 the Queen needed stitches on her hand after breaking up a fight among them.
The 49ers have done everything possible to try to make up the difference between themselves and the Cowboys after losing, 38-21, to Dallas in last year's NFC championship game.
They have signed so many free agents to incentive-laden contracts, the team's ability to deal with the salary cap after this season is in serious doubt.
Three months later, coach David McWilliams was fired after a 5-6 season despite four years remaining on his contract.
provided that tangible proof -- a winning record and a bowl bid -- shows progress is continuing toward making Texas what Mackovic termed ``a cornerstone of college football.'' A year ago, Texas slipped to 5-5-1 after a 6-5 ledger in Mackovic's first season.
That program was in a mess down there and Mackovic has upgraded it,'' said Fort Worth's W.A. ``Tex'' Moncrief, a former Texas regent and member of the advisory committee consulted to screen candidates after McWilliams' departure.
12, 1991 after a 30-16-1 mark in four seasons at Illinois.
Then, Adams was placed on a 60-day ``leave of absence'' by Mackovic after his June 25 arrest on suspicion of felony assault against an Austin policemen.
Texas, to me, is right where A&M was in the latter part of that 1984 season.'' Grant Teaff, who retired as Baylor coach after the 1992 season and is now executive director of the American Football Coaches Association, pointed to Texas' strong November finish last season as evidence that a young team was starting to jell.
John's program has made a considerable amount of progress in the last two years.'' The record, however, shows Mackovic has no bowl appearances and a losing record (1-3) against archrivals Oklahoma and A&M after his first two seasons on the job.
It should be noted, however, that Bible -- after a 3-14-1 mark in his first two seasons -- led Texas to three Cotton Bowls in the next seven years.
There will be few, if any, changes in fund investment managers after the merger, he said.
Ferry service to Island Beach began in 1920, two years after the George Lauder family donated the island to the town as a memorial to George Lauder Jr., who died of pneumonia at age 37.
Ferry service to Island Beach began in 1920, two years after the George Lauder family donated the island to the town as a memorial to George Lauder Jr., who died of pneumonia at age 37.
This happened after 90,000 of Nigeria's 100,000 oil workers struck, cutting by half the petroleum exports that account for fully 80 percent of government revenues.
Before this happens, Americans can only hope that Abacha, after deep thought, will finally locate a major source of Nigeria's miseries, and arrest himself.
``They acted as if they didn't realize the world was watching us and judging us to see how we would handle this.'' The government's chief investigator in the bombing, Judge Juan Jose Galeano, has dropped out of the spotlight and has refused requests for interviews after issuing the arrest warrant for four Iranian diplomats whom the dissident identified as being involved in other terrorist activities, including the bombing of the Israeli Embassy here in 1992.
``Now we are more aware that that was just one lead and that there will no doubt be other leads to pursue in the future.'' Indeed, after the bombing the Argentine government came under pressure from Jewish groups here to exhaust all possibilities in investigating the blast and to prevent future acts of terrorism.
Meanwhile, Argentina remains on a state of alert that began two weeks ago after the United States and Israel informed the government that they had information that another bomb attack was likely.
Local papers have reported that several sports events were canceled after some teams refused to play at Jewish clubs for fear of attacks.
The trauma for this village, as for the country, began shotly after President Juvenal Habyarimana was killed April 6 in a suspicious plane crash.
Throughout southwestern Rwanda, in town after town, administrative buildings and schools have been stripped of anything that could be used or sold, then smashed.
``We're intercepting the rafts and the boats all over the Florida Straits, right after they leave Cuba and as close up to the shore as we can also,'' Kramek said, ``and we don't see any large loss of life.'' 
Now, 17 years after the blackout, which many thought would set the stage for Ridgewood's destruction, the neighborhood has emerged as one of the few stable, diverse blue-collar areas left in New York.
Little by little, you create a climate of civility that people respect, and you make sure that standard never gets lowered.'' In the early 1980s, after the civil unrest but before the crack epidemic that ravaged much of Bushwick, Kerzner and other residents dreamed of creating another Park Slope or Brooklyn Heights.
``In a very short time, we'll be a household name,'' Kerzner said in a newspaper interview in 1983, just after 3,000 Ridgewood homes were listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
Mothers who work in the knitting mills on Ridgewood's southern tier walk home with their children after school.
Such a transgression, Ryan allowed after a 17-7 victory against the San Francisco 49ers in his first exhibition game as Arizona's head coach, left him ``a little upset.'' For this, Jax could only be grateful.
It was no small development, then, when Ryan tempered the sideline tongue-lashing of Jax after the game, deeming him to be ``a hell of a player.'' This is the same Ryan, mind you, who saw fit to reward Jax's efforts on the practice field with an impromptu $20,000 raise early in training camp.
There is talk of hanging body bags in Sun Devil Stadium after the defense registers a sack.
Though Ryan ostensibly worked ``for'' Pardee, he isn't much on following any sort of chain of command: ``I always thought I was the boss wherever I was.'' The 1985 Chicago Bears defense agreed with Ryan, carrying him, not head coach Mike Ditka, off the field after a 46-10 Super Bowl victory against the New England Patriots.
There simply isn't room for a middle ground for a coach who likes to say, ``There's my way or Trailways.'' Ryan made that point after the first workout of training camp, demoting starting free safety Chuck Cecil in favor of six-year veteran Odie Harris, who has 13 tackles and no interceptions in the past four seasons.
The subsequent arrival of former Eagle Andre Waters led to the release of Cecil after the second exhibition game.
The financial markets' surge came after a successful auction of Treasury securities in the afternoon.
``They must come, but we will tell them this: `They must know they have got to look after their workers,' '' he said.
Ammunition clips purchased after the law is enacted would be illegal.
In some cases the victories came after years of political wrangling.
``What happens was what happens when you keep after something long enough,'' said Lawrence Spinelli, an aide to Sen.
``Time after time, it is the same old crowd jumping ship when you have victory in sight.
Ad Spending at Issue ABC executives pointed out that moving shows after the conclusion of the ``upfront sales season,'' the early-summer period when advertisers buy time in network shows, allows the advertisers to cancel their deals.
As a general precaution, Peters recommended the temporary halt to research into the virus, the sabia virus, after he arrived at Yale on Saturday to help investigate the researcher's infection.
The researcher will then undergo a few more days of observation after he leaves the hospital.
This was the fashionable restaurant where Frank Sinatra, on leaving after a meal, would line up staffers who had attended his table (including the maitre d') and give each of them a $100 bill, Osti said.
Osti saw the actor go to the men's room after drinking several stingers.
``I was hoping to play doubles here, take some serves, take some returns, and get used to the pace of guys,'' Sampras said after hitting for about an hour on a practice court with Reneberg Wednesday afternoon.
Jim Courier, who was No.1 in the rankings before Sampras took over the top spot at last year's Open, frustrated after a disappointing opening-round loss in Indianapolis last week, said he was going to take an indefinite leave of absence from the game (he said on Tuesday he will play the Open).
Braddock said the new company still lacked expertise in international investing, but after the merger would be in a much stronger position to sell its funds through banks.
This spring, for instance, after news spread that a foreign tanker loaded with fuel would soon dock in the port of Jacmel, the price of gasoline dropped sharply, rising again only after the United States Embassy said no such vessel existed.
``One reason the Jets drafted me was to return punts,'' Glenn said Wednesday after practice.
A BID TO REDEFINE REDLINING RAISES LENDERS' IRE AND LEGAL QUESTIONS  (BC-BANKS-DISCRIM-ASSESS-495-(2TAKES)-NYT) Ever since Americans began moving to the suburbs in droves after World War II, banks and savings and loans have followed them, opening branches up on tree-lined Main Streets and at freeway junctions to serve them.
``They need to fill in the gap.'' Indeed, after pressure from Inner City Press, Natwest Bankcorp said on Tuesday that it would open a new branch in the Bronx at 161st Street and the Grand Concourse.
Investors had filed class-action lawsuits against Merrill Lynch and McNall last month, after 399 coins with a value of $3.3 million were found missing from one of the partnerships.
DEAD MOMS, FLAWED DADS, PERFECT PETS, HAPPY ENDINGS  (BC-FILM-LESSONS-2TAKES-$ADV28-NYT) Two and a half months after the opening of ``The Lion King,'' it may be difficult to find an American child who can't say at least one phrase in Swahili (hakuna matata, roughly ``no worries'').
Pay-per-view may be years away, but it is going to happen.'' Although Blockbuster's management was still playing its cards close to the vest Wednesday, some people close to the company said they viewed it as unlikely that Huizenga would remain at Viacom after the merger is completed, although he and two other Blockbuster designees will retain board seats.
The dollar rallied against the Japanese yen and other leading currencies Wednesday after the Japanese central bank bought dollars.
Shortly after Lassie had gone over the falls and the family presumed her dead, I overheard two young companions discussing the turn of events.
ABC hit twice on Tuesday, first putting ``Grace Under Fire'' after ``Roseanne,'' then subbing in ``These Friends of Mine.'' ``These Friends'' (now called ``Ellen'') ended the season at No. 5 with ``Grace'' right behind, at No. 6.
The U.S. base at Spangdahlem near Bitburg is expanding slightly as remaining U.S. forces consolidate, but no one in Bitburg is betting that Spangdahlem will be open after 1996.
They didn't buy in when Noll reached similar conclusions in 1985, after owners predicted that economically, nuclear winter was approaching.
Indeed, there were plenty of assertions of new-found harmony from local school officials, before and after the shortened first day.
``It was like a family,'' said the new assistant principal, Lucille Burns, who is black, after the school day ended at midmorning.
Peter Munk, Barrick's Hungarian-born president, told a press conference Wednesday that Lac and Barrick were ``exceptionally complementary in nature'' and that the combined company would have ``gravitas, financial power, managerial competence and international credibility.'' On the basis of 1993 figures, Barrick and Lac had combined production of 2.7 million ounces of gold, which places it third in the world after Anglo American and Gold Fields, both of South Africa.
``This struck me as the kind of bargaining meeting to kick off the negotiations, not one to have 12 days into a strike,'' Donald Fehr, the players' labor leader, said at a news conference after Wednesday's meeting at the Hotel Inter-Continental in Manhattan.
The session, he added, would have been more advantageous shortly after the time the clubs reopened the collective bargaining agreement, in December 1992, ``certainly well before they made their proposal,'' on June 14.
Harrington said he thought that as ``we approach mid-September there will be a drop-dead date'' after which it will be too late to save the playoffs and the World Series.
And I would expect that's what I'll see.'' In the meantime, North is doing his best to get his digs in, portraying Robb as being in the pocket of President Clinton and as ``a damaged product'' after disclosures of his extramarital activities and his long-running feud with Wilder.
 (BC-NORTH-CAMPAIGN-2NDTAKE-NYT) In a style that is reminiscent of Clinton, North is a passionate speaker, talking of issues like the ravages of crime, and he lingers after events, looking for more hands to shake.
He does not come off as a cocky Marine who won prominence after shredding documents about the secret supply operation he ran for the Nicaraguan Contras against the demand of Congress.
Although the agreement Wednesday was expected, it was reached only after some detailed negotiations, particularly on the issue of taxes.
Since the abrupt reversal in the United States' open-door policy for Cuban migrants last Friday, more than 2,000 Cubans have been shipped to Guantanamo after being intercepted in the Straits of Florida.
Even after 6 p.m. Wednesday, however, by which time the United States had already plucked 2,390 more Cubans from the sea and set them on a course toward Guantanamo, senior aides to Clinton said they believed the rapid expansion of the base could keep pace for now with an alarming refugee tide.
``It should be clear after 35 years to Fidel Castro and his government that the way he has been managing the affairs of the island is a failure,'' Tarnoff said.
``The regulations will be provided as soon as possible, probably in the next day or two, after completion of an interagency review,'' said Charles Peacock, a Treasury Department spokesman.
``It should be clear after 35 years to Fidel Castro and his government that the way he is managing the affairs of the island is a failure.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
``It should be clear after 35 years to Fidel Castro and his government that the way he is managing the affairs of the island is a failure.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
Some analysts said it could signal that the stock market was ready to recover much of the losses that began after the Federal Reserve Board began raising short-term interest rates in early February.
Of the 500 component stocks of the S&P 500, 359 rose, led by General Motors, up 2\ to 50~, after a variety of announcements, none of which seemed to explain the price movement.
Katzenberg had sought -- and failed to get -- the No.2 job at Walt Disney Co., after Disney's president died in a helicopter accident last April.
I need to finish out the last 30 days of my contract.'' The 43-year-old executive said he had informed Eisner and Wells a year ago that he might leave after his contract expired in September.
The reaction on Wall Street was muted, where the news broke at about 4:30 p.m., after the close of the market.
WITNESSES SAY OFFICER STILL FIRED AT COLLEAGUE AFTER HE WAS DOWN NEW YORK  (BC-NY-COPS-SHOT-625-(2TAKES)-NYT) The partner of the transit police officer who was critically wounded in the New York subway Monday has told investigators that an off-duty police officer continued firing at the transit officer after he had been hit and had fallen face down, shooting him at least twice in the back, an official familiar with the investigation said Wednesday.
But it was unclear Wednesday whether the partner was describing a steady stream of shots, which continued to hit the transit officer as he fell and after he fell, or whether he had seen the off-duty officer pause, then consciously decide to shoot the fallen man as he lay on the subway platform.
``The fact is no one has prejudged this case.'' Robinson, 31, remained in critical condition at Bellevue Hospital Center on Wednesday after undergoing several hours of surgery to repair damage done by at least four bullets.
Robinson's badge was still in his pocket when he arrived at the hospital after the shooting, suggesting that he never took it out during the pursuit despite a standing rule that once a plainclothes officer draws a gun, the officer is supposed to pull out the badge as well.
The two teen-agers apprehended after Monday's shootout on the station platform were arraigned Wednesday in Manhattan Criminal Court on charges of criminal possession of a weapon and assault.
THOUSANDS STOLEN IN SCAM IN FIREFIGHTERS' NAMES NEW YORK  (BC-FIRE-FUND-SCAN-360&ADD-NYT) It is the kind of charity that few people can say no to: a fund for the families of firefighters who died in the line of duty, some after clinging to life for weeks.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) ``It's a very upsetting thing for a family to realize that, in the midst of the generosity of the city of New York, an invisible knife has been held up to the goodness of the people,'' said Vina Drennan, the widow of Drennan, who died May 7 after 50 days in a hospital burn unit.
Karen Koslowitz, a Councilwoman from Queens who is the head of the Council's Consumer Affairs Committee and sponsor of the bill, said she was persuaded by the mayor to abandon the attempt to override after Giuliani agreed to develop a vending plan for the city and after he agreed to consult with her committee and allow it to review the plan.
He surged in opinion polls after whomping both Zedillo and Cardenas in the country's first televised presidential debate in May.
And he lost a lot of favor after quitting his campaign for three weeks in June and July amid talk that he had struck a deal with the PRI to throw the election.
``In a sense, our democratic opposition failed us, especially after the debate,'' says Federico Estevez, a political analyst at the Autonomous Technological Institute of Mexico, a business college in the Mexican capital.
The economy, though stuck for the moment, has been significantly altered under the reforms of President Carlos Salinas de Gortari, who took office in 1988 after defeating Cardenas in a fraud-stained election.
Some saw the surge as a sign that the market was ready to recover the losses that began after the Federal Reserve started raising rates, while others said the rally would be short-lived.
Analysts were uncertain after IBM said it would cut prices of selected models by an average of 22 percent.
``This is my 12th year, and there are still times when after watching plays on film I wonder why I didn't do what I should have done.
In a statement after the vote, Integrity, an organization of gay and lesbian Episcopalians, said it was disappointed with the decision to downgrade the document's status, an action it said was contrary to the direction of the wider church on sexual issues.
He declined to elaborate on the proposal after the debate, saying that he would detail the plan in a news conference Thursday.
Took a short vacation to Idaho after the season.
It happened after his redshirt freshman year, his first year as a starter.
He would not have been a first-round NFL draft pick if he had come out last year and doesn't know if he will be after this, his senior year.
``This is my 12th year, and there are still times when after watching plays on film I wonder why I didn't do what I should have done.
Anderson was awarded the account after a two-month review.
Ostrow, who is leaving after seven years to become president and chief executive of the Cabletelevision Advertising Bureau in New York.
He succeeds Larry Kopald, who announced earlier that he would leave after six years.
This, after all, is the land of the ``Country Boys Mobile Home Home-Run Inning'' and no amount of publicity will change that.
``This is my 12th year, and there are still times when after watching plays on film I wonder why I didn't do what I should have done.
She said that on March 30, 1993, after an incident involving a 10-year-old girl, he pleaded guilty to misdemeanor charges of endangering the welfare of a minor, acting in a manner to injure a child and public lewdness.
I know we're a lot further ahead than we ever were last year at this point.'' League critics said Hostetler, who usually found himself losing battles for playing time with Phil Simms while with the Giants, wasn't suited for the Raiders' go-deep passing philosophy, but he exceeded expectations last year after signing as an unrestricted free agent on March 24, 1993.
It's got to be a good combination.'' Hostetler didn't have any problems establishing himself as a leader, lifting weights with the offensive linemen and playing practical jokes soon after joining the team.
But after receiving a critical letter from the U.S. Justice Department and a staff report saying the printers had changed their assessment, the board unanimously voted Tuesday to transliterate at least the last names of each candidate.
Mejias said he was surprised that after months of assurances from the printers and the board's staff that there was no room for the translations they had now found the space.
Investors had filed class-action lawsuits against Merrill Lynch and McNall last month, after 399 coins with a value of $3.3 million were found missing from one of the partnerships.
If it was just swelling, the doctor says he would have written it off to two-a-days.'' Running back Derek Ayers had a magnetic resonance imaging scan on his strained knee Wednesday, but Donahue didn't know the results immediately after practice.
Venezuela is 3-0 in the tournament after a 3-0 win over Canada and plays in today's international championship game against Dhahran, Saudi Arabia, which upset Taiwan 3-2 Wednesday.
Ejection: Steve Kruger of Brooklyn Center, Minn., became the first player ejected from a game in the tournament when he threw his bat after striking out with the bases loaded Wednesday against Middleboro, Mass.
Kruger, who threw a one-hitter Monday to beat Northridge, was crying in the dugout after realizing what he had done.
The team seemed to give up after losing its best player and ended up falling 11-5.
On the basis of 1993 figures, Barrick and Lac had combined production of 2.7 million ounces of gold, which places the merged company third in the world after Anglo American and Gold Fields, both of South Africa.
He was scratched from his scheduled debut after climbing over the front of an inside gate.
He tired after beginning near the rail in his first-race loss to Mr Purple.
The son of Woodman and Fall Aspen won his second straight race after sound defeats at Hollywood Park and Churchill Downs.
The incident occurred after Gift to the World and jockey Goncalino Almeida were disqualified for interfering with runner-up Properly Married and Alex Solis near the finish of the third race.
But I think it'll be great just to be back in the 'Dome.'' The Cowboys signed Kennard to a one-year, $800,000 contract on April 18, one day after starting right guard Kevin Gogan left to sign an unrestricted free-agent contract with the Los Angeles Raiders.
However, he was unable to play in the playoffs because he tore his pectoral muscle after the third week of the season while lifting weights and was sidelined the remainder of the year.
He showed promise in emergency duty a year ago, starting SMU's final four games after injuries decimated the linebacking corps.
Barry Switzer, just a few weeks after his ascent from sepia-toned ex-coach to silver-and-blue active coach, is in the basement.
``Maybe it started out with me just opening my mouth too wide,'' said Jones, who compared Switzer favorably to Johnson last March in an Orlando saloon and, after sobering up days later, backed up his bar stool opinion by hiring Switzer the day after Johnson departed.
They eventually won national championships amid controversy -- in Switzer's case, a forced resignation after a bizarre series of what he calls Sooners' ``rapin', shootin' and dopin' '' -- before achieving career pinnacles upon joining the Cowboys.
Look after practice, you'll see Michael Irvin, Jay Novacek and Troy Aikman out there practicing routes that hadn't been included in the regular practice.
Shortly after his brief initial meeting with Brown, Shula left Cincinnati for an abbreviated holiday with an unexpected career change worth celebrating: his first NFL head coaching job.
I know we're a lot further ahead than we ever were last year at this point.'' League critics said Hostetler, who usually found himself losing battles for playing time with Phil Simms while with the Giants, wasn't suited for the Raiders' go-deep passing philosophy, but he exceeded expectations last year after signing as an unrestricted free agent on March 24, 1993.
It's got to be a good combination.'' Hostetler didn't have any problems establishing himself as a leader, lifting weights with the offensive linemen and playing practical jokes soon after joining the team.
``But I am still not where I would like to be.'' The Chiefs, after releasing Erick Anderson, are down to six linebackers: Jamison, Rogers, Thomas, Tracy Simien, Jaime Fields and Arnold Ale.
That being the case, I don't know how objective I'll be.'' While Bill Walsh and Bill Parcells returned to coaching after short stints in the booth, Johnson, 51, isn't sure whether he'll abandon his serene life in south Florida and return to the daily grind of the NFL.
I'm going to wait until after the season is over and see if I want to stay with television or go back into the coaching.
``It should be clear after 35 years to Fidel Castro and his government that the way he is managing the affairs of the island is a failure.'' By arguing that the real cause of the immigration crisis is the American economic embargo, Castro was repeating a long-standing Cuban position.
It was Glavine, after all, who has spoken often and loudly about the different natures of the player/creators and the owner/gatherers.
 (BC-WEDOWEE-COX) Eighteen days after it was torched by arsonists, Randolph County High School opened in mobile classrooms Wednesday amid community yearnings that the racial ugliness here end.
The school burned six months after then-Principal Hulond Humphries threatened to cancel the prom to prevent interracial dating.
But farmer Tim Coe, escorting his two daughters to class, said, ``We had a good school long before Mr. Humphries arrived, and we'll have it long after he's gone.'' Victoria Smith, escorting her two nieces, said she's ``still worried about the safety of black children.
``If it hadn't rained Sunday, I think we would've opened on schedule Monday.'' The superintendent noted that a school dance, tradition after each home football game, will be held Sept.
2 after the clash with Coosa Central High -- not in the auditorium, which burned, but the gymnasium, which is intact.
Instead, that company steers the homeowner into the windstorm pool, or to the more familiar property-casualty joint underwriting association the state formed after Hurricane Andrew.
A typical confrontation: The pool's board members walked out of their own meeting after an Insurance Department official tried to attend.
Most insurance companies tried to pull out of South Florida entirely after the storm caused billions in damage.
But after the state began investigating in April, regulators almost immediately found enough information to issue an order for the pool to shut down and shift the policies over to the new property-casualty joint underwriting association.
So Fanning, Perkins and Kerley joined thousands of other Texans and returned to college years after graduating from high school.
Although he had taken early retirement after a 32-year career at IBM, John Baker, now 63, decided to return to college because he wanted to stay employed.
He came close before but turned down a head coaching position with the CFL's British Columbia Lions and talked to Arkansas after the 1992 season.
He won one game in 1991, five in 1992 and two last season even though SMU lost to Arkansas on nearly the final play of the game, lost to Big Ten co-champion Wisconsin by eight after leading 13-0 at the half and tied Houston and Missouri.
Then again, such is life for a coach with two 5-6 seasons after his predecessor finished 11-0-1 as a co-national champion two seasons before he arrived.
Well, Ross was the people's choice after he departed the Yellow Jackets.
``All she wanted me to do was keep doing what I was doing because she loved watching me on TV.'' Soon after hearing of his mother's cancer, Church underwent two operations for a bruised shoulder and a hairline fracture in his wrist that had gone unnoticed for three months.
Annie Mae Church, 63, died after instructing family members to videotape the Florida-Tennessee game.
Since Garbo's death in 1990 after nearly 50 years in seclusion, the story of her life is coming out, bit by bit, piece by piece, and it's not a pretty story.
Their love scenes remain incandescent after almost 70 years.
There were a few tentative moves toward a comeback, but the film she got closest to making, a 1949 Max Ophuls production to have co-starred James Mason, collapsed from lack of money after a few costume tests were shot.
What is so striking -- pardon the pun -- is that when the RTM announced it would strike for 48 hours after Monday's national bank holiday, the Confederation of British Industry termed it a perverse action which would damage Britain's reputation abroad as a business center.
That the day after the holiday was chosen would seem to me to be most fair.
The pro-industry folks contend that it is cruel to begin the strike the day after the holiday as that is when most travelers would be heading home.
In America, workers are expected back on the job the day after a holiday and not traveling that day.
We have been a miserable failure in looking after our children if that's what they have to go through.'' Virtually every expert on juvenile crime and violence agrees there is no fundamental policy that will reverse the trend, because there is no single thing responsible for it.
Jenkins lived for 18 years, flourished briefly as a high school football and basketball star, dropped out of school, and died the day after he was shot in what police said was drug-related retaliation.
Study after study has shown that personal and neighborhood income are the strongest predictors of violent crime.
Neiman was a daddy's boy, he said, who insisted on living with his father after his parents divorced.
If he realized after dropping out of school that he had made a mistake, he was too proud to admit it.
Soon after O'Connor discovered she was pregnant, in January of the ninth grade, her mother's then husband went to prison for raping the girl.
Then, two months after his 19th birthday, he was arrested on a murder charge.
Analysts say the significance of those patterns is evident in figures indicating that most youthful offenders either bail out of high school without a diploma or give up on education after earning one.
It was a way of life.'' Today, after federal set-asides that followed statehood, ``Every area I operated in is now in the national reserve.'' John Randall smiled a wry smile.
On Thursday, the day after German officials bid them an official but not-so-fond adieu, the last Russians will leave German soil by train.
Under a German-Russian agreement reached six days after the two countries became one again, Germany is paying about $10 million to assist the withdrawal.
They kind of belonged to this area.'' Wuensdorf slips past its Russian phase only five years after communism collapsed with little local wealth.
Nearly every other shop in town lost business after reunification drove up prices and drove out many of the poorly paid Russians before the army's official departure date.
But in general, residents believe that after almost half a century, the exit is overdue.
The harassment ended in January after the police were called in.
The harassment ended in January after the police were called in.
her invitation to go to Texas.'' Zedillo, who displayed an animated personality and easy sense of humor during the interview, was criticized for a wooden style in his first few days of campaigning after the assassination of Luis Donaldo Colosio, his predecessor as the PRI's candidate.
It's here that I want to stay.'' Lopez said he lost the use of his legs after a 1974 accident in which a large truck he was driving overturned.
Last Friday, after casting off around midnight, that changed.
Otten said those refugees -- about 280 who made it to U.S. shores after Clinton changed the policy and another 330 who were being processed by the INS when the policy was changed -- will be able to apply for asylum.
On a first visit, Clair V can recommend a movie or two after a user has rated five or six films.
LL&E employees jokingly told zoo staff that he had developed a penchant for country music after his 1987 capture, along with his 17 white brothers, in nutria-bountiful swamps south of New Orleans.
PC anxiety was probably up a notch or two Thursday, one day after IBM cut prices by as much as 27 percent on some older-model business computers.
Ott last week after finding that Hickson Kerley Inc.
In the meantime, he said they plan to go after other chemical makers that are using Ott's process.
My 3-year-old, after seeing the various stages of pregnancy, is getting the hang of it.
``You can always say no.'' She called the day after Max was born.
And I remember Kristen, after recounting a midweek camping and canoeing trip down a California river, saying she just didn't know if she could make the sacrifices a baby would require.
Former strangers, the women became friends in grief after their sons were both killed by gunfire in 1991.
``The grave robbing started after the coup, but it's still a problem,'' said Deputy Mayor Joseph Gerard Solomon, referring to the September 1991 military coup that overthrew elected President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
(He's aligned with Paramount, and ``It's Pat'' was developed at Fox and is being released by Disney's Touchstone.) Also, even after paying $1 million to NBC for the rights, ``It's Pat'' cost less than $8 million to make (half as much as ``Wayne's World 2'').
Finally persuading Mickey to sit for an interview after 50 killings in three weeks, Wayne asks the inevitable question: ``Any regrets?'' As played by Downey with a thick Australian accent and perfect lip-smacking unctuousness, Wayne is one of the film's more deft inventions.
The U.S. Justice Department began an investigation into possible anti-competitive actions in the concert industry after the band's lawyers filed a complaint in May.
``We've never been there and Pearl Jam is very big there.'' Meanwhile, Sony Music is awaiting the band's new album, tentatively titled ``Vitalogy,'' after a 1920s health book Ament found in a used book store.
After I finish a song, I'll think, `This would be good on such and such a format.' You can't ignore the power of radio.'' Harp didn't do much touring after the release of his well-received debut album a few years ago, but he promises to hit the road next month for a series of dates with his quintet.
The club stays open as long as there are guests, though no alcohol is served after 2 a.m. Cover charge is $10 to the club that also features eight large-screen televisions.
It was at Riverside Elementary School (the ``colored'' one) in Fort Worth and my sixth-grade classmates did not know whom or what I was talking about when I arrived one morning after the Christmas vacation excitedly announcing that Fidel Castro had done it.
I've always placed much of the blame for the direction Castro and Cuba took after the revolution on this country.
I have long advocated dialogue with the Cuban leader, and had hoped that one of the first things Bill Clinton would do after becoming president would be to declare it a new day and begin discussions with the Castro government.
(The couple later had four more children; after Church died in 1900, the house was inherited by his son Louis, whose widow lived at Olana until 1964.) A pair of battered dolls are perched in a child's chair, and bookshelves are lined with volumes on science, travel and art history, along with the popular novels that Church loved.
Even before his father, a trader, moved the family from Lancashire, England, to Philadelphia when Thomas was 18, he devoured books about the beauties of North America; after he taught himself to paint, his first success came with scenes of the wilderness in upstate New York, which caught the eye of patrons including the grocery mogul Luman Reed.
Immediately after we married he shipped off to the Aleutian Islands and was gone for two years.
Add yolks, 1 at a time, beat well after each addition.
	``There is a future in Mexico,'' he said in a news conference several hours after the polls closed on Sunday, but hours before even the first preliminary official results had been made public.
	Reynolds' office said after the one-hour-meeting that the delegation, headed by former Rep.
It's a $100 million theme park modeled after an ancient Chinese city of about A.D. 700.
And an empty-nest father, after his daughter is gone, can walk into a bathroom that is no longer so stocked with various oils and vinegar-based feminine hygiene products that ol' Dad always felt that he had suddenly entered a gourmet pantry.
``There's an initial excitement from being in demand and work, but after a while you need those assurances again.'' 
Democratic senators, picking off a few Republican defectors, pushed Thursday for a roll-of-the-dice vote on the $30 billion crime bill after days of tug-of-war with GOP opponents who vowed to block it.
It was a way of life.'' Today, after federal set-asides that followed statehood, ``Every area I operated in is now in the national reserve.'' Jack Randall smiled a wry smile.
Everyone remembers that President Bush soared to 90 percent just after the Persian Gulf War and lost the election 20 months later.
By camp's end, there were whispers that the Dallas Cowboys might be missing Jimmy Johnson's iron-fisted approach after all.
For his own part, the 56-year-old Switzer sniffs at the suggestion that this might not be such a great job after all.
For five years after his forced resignation at the University of Oklahoma, Switzer had been relegated to tending business and taking in OU games as a spectator as he waited for a call that seemed increasingly unlikely to come.
Lou Holtz, for instance, quit the New York Jets without completing his first season after winning just three of 13 games.
``We macho around and tell jokes, but when the plane's roaring, the door opens and the wind is 100 miles an hour, it's unbelievably scary.'' A former Navy Seal, Nord recently retired after 42 years as a reserve intelligence officer.
``They aren't hobbyists,'' emphasized Wright, 55, who retired in 1991 as a Marine Corps colonel after 30 years of reserve duty.
The Vietnam event, which marked the 40th anniversary of the landing of French parachutists in Dien Bien Phu, the battle that ended French colonial rule -- came about only after three trips with returning Vietnam War vets.
Chosen countries are rarely soul mates of the United States, which makes the jumps even more exciting, said Nord: ``We try to pick those countries with a little danger, or just coming out of it.'' A year after the crackdown in Tiananmen Square, IAAV members jumped outside Beijing.
The experiences of women after the deaths of their mothers.
NATIONAL NEWS IN BRIEF WASHINGTON (NYT)  (BC-NATIONAL-BRIEFS-NYT) The Senate went home Thursday after giving President Clinton a victory on the $30 billion crime bill, but leaving his hopes for national health insurance legislation barely alive.
	If the refugees keep coming in their thousands, the detention centers at Guantanamo Bay will eventually fill to bursting, even after such costly measures as the building of more camps, announced Wednesday, and evacuation of some civilian workers to make more space available, announced Thursday.
But after countless appearances at alumni functions -- which he proudly announces have included clubs in the smallest of outposts -- Mackovic is mostly unknown and at worst disliked as a cabernet-sipping hired gun forced upon Texas by its own distasteful collapse.
He was fired after four seasons in Kansas City, replaced by the more outgoing, popular special teams coach Frank Gansz.
When he left Illinois after four seasons, linemen complained that he related only to Verduzco.
For the handful of Americans who haven't already plunked down a few bucks on a Mexican stock or mutual fund, it's like being tempted with sirloin steak after a month of rice cakes.
Clinton was out of office for only one term, winning re-election in 1982 after the Cuban issue had faded from local memory and his wife had decided to adopt her husband's name.
The film begins in 1990, just after her husband's death, the day his ashes are to be ceremonially scattered over the Pacific.
Eventually, of course, they do, but only after she struggles to make a family Thanksgiving dinner and goes into private anguish because she failed to replicate the first wife's zucchini bread.
	Ticotin's sister, it turns out, is the actress Rachel Ticotin, who was once married to David Caruso, the one-foot-out-the-door star of television's ``N.Y.P.D. Blue.'' And after a visit over the holiday weekend, it occurred to Ticotin, a producer of ballet and opera, that Caruso could be a contender for the role of Terry Malloy, the boxer-turned-dock worker who stands up to the mob, whom Marlon Brando made legend in Elia Kazan's 1954 film.
But it was Gilbride who put his neck on the line after the 1991 season and said he believed Carlson was the quarterback of the future, at a time when others wanted to bring in another player to develop as an eventual replacement for Moon.
He doesn't like to know what's going to occur after he releases the football.
He expects to begin teaching physics, math and engineering at Van Horn High School after finishing his teacher education at Rockhurst College.
But he is after more than money.
You'd better like kids,'' said Koch, 36, explaining part of the reason he abandoned banking law after seven years.
And if I'm going to spend a whole lot of time doing something, I'd like to feel that it was worthwhile.'' Rex Hargis, who will begin his third year teaching history at Paseo High School in Kansas City, had similar reasons for becoming a teacher after previous careers as a stockbroker and successful construction company manager and owner.
About 50 percent of UMKC's education students actually get teaching jobs in Missouri after graduation.
Firefighters brought the flames under control after a few hours, but the fire reignited on the first floor later in the morning and was quickly snuffed.
Only the elite of the Diaz regime were allowed inside the club, but legend has it that revolutionary leaders Emiliano Zapata and Pancho Villa dined there after Diaz fled Mexico.
``The pass rusher disrupts the offense completely.'' He described his possible conversion to such a role as ``just an experiment now.'' ``I'm working on it after practice,'' he added.
Do the players think the Giants should go after Deion Sanders?
``I've never felt I didn't have killer instinct,'' Washington said after his third victory in seven attempts against a top 10 opponent this year (he was only 1 for 8 in 1993).
They stormed through the orange plastic fence meant to prevent such scrums, and piled on long after someone at the bottom of the pile had secured the treasure.
Nishawala, who turned 13 Thursday, left the mound after three innings with a sore arm.
For the handful of Americans who haven't already plunked down a few bucks on a Mexican stock or mutual fund, it's like being tempted with sirloin steak after a month of rice cakes.
Receiving less attention was a much more dire market scene -- in Israel, where investors panicked after the government unexpectedly slapped a 10 percent tax on capital gains.
The most flammable example is Mexico, where stocks went crazy last year after the U.S. Congress approved the North American Free Trade Agreement; fell early in 1994 after the Colosio assassination and Chiapas uprising; and then rose on the widespread belief that Mexican voters would select the financial market's preferred candidate -- Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon.
For the handful of Americans who haven't already plunked down a few bucks on a Mexican stock or mutual fund, it's like being tempted with sirloin steak after a month of rice cakes.
Receiving less attention was a much more dire market scene -- in Israel, where investors panicked after the government unexpectedly slapped a 10 percent tax on capital gains.
The most flammable example is Mexico, where stocks went crazy last year after the U.S. Congress approved the North American Free Trade Agreement; fell early in 1994 after the Colosio assassination and Chiapas uprising; and then rose on the widespread belief that Mexican voters would select the financial market's preferred candidate -- Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon.
The team said he died of heart failure after a recurrence of lung cancer 20 months ago.
After losing its first 26 games, it somehow fell one game short of reaching the Super Bowl after the 1979 season.
18 -- a month after the original CBS interview -- /{The Star} published an Op-ed page article by Cleaver in which he urged Congress to pass the crime legislation.
Mashiska, 19, who lost his opening match in the qualifying on Wednesday, was an all-America at Michigan State this year after reaching the round of 16 at the National Collegiate Athletic Association championships.
Reynolds' office said after the one-hour meeting that the delegation, headed by Bruce Morrison, a former congressman from Connecticut, agreed with the Irish government that only ``a permanent end to violence,'' would gain the IRA a place at a peace table through its political wing, Sinn Fein.
But after the San Francisco Chronicle hired a camel and jockey to enter, the once fictitious race became a reality.
Attached to the 30th Division, he landed in Normandy shortly after D-Day and subsequently received a Bronze Star, along with decorations from the Belgian, Dutch and French governments.
Among his specialties were trucking regulations and aerospace law, an interest he developed after the Soviet Union's launching of Sputnik touched off the space race.
He was a sponsor of the Antarctic-South Pole Operation Deep Freeze in 1963, for which a mountain in Antarctica was named after him.
And after he was rejected for a coaching job three times here last year, he said a school official had told him he could not be hired because it would bring ``negative attention'' to the team.
``If anything, we thought more of him because of it.'' White said he had never gone to school after drinking, and had never been arrested for drunken driving.
It was the morning after a hard night of drinking, and White said he probably looked worn.
For the handful of Americans who haven't already plunked down a few bucks on a Mexican stock or mutual fund, it's like being tempted with sirloin steak after a month of rice cakes.
Receiving less attention was a much more dire market scene -- in Israel, where investors panicked after the government unexpectedly slapped a 10 percent tax on capital gains.
The most flammable example is Mexico, where stocks went crazy last year after the U.S. Congress approved the North American Free Trade Agreement; fell early in 1994 after the Colosio assassination and Chiapas uprising; and then rose on the widespread belief that Mexican voters would select the financial market's preferred candidate -- Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon.
For the handful of Americans who haven't already plunked down a few bucks on a Mexican stock or mutual fund, it's like being tempted with sirloin steak after a month of rice cakes.
Receiving less attention was a much more dire market scene -- in Israel, where investors panicked after the government unexpectedly slapped a 10 percent tax on capital gains.
The most flammable example is Mexico, where stocks went crazy last year after the U.S. Congress approved the North American Free Trade Agreement; fell early in 1994 after the Colosio assassination and Chiapas uprising; and then rose on the widespread belief that Mexican voters would select the financial market's preferred candidate -- Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon.
Nothing.'' There is, however, an Einstein Drive on the campus of the nearby Institute for Advanced Study, whose faculty Einstein joined in 1933 after the rise of Nazism in Germany, his native country.
``I remember more than once hearing Einstein say, `Whatever I have is a gift and anything I have discovered others would have discovered after me,' '' Blackwood said.
Einstein, whose ashes were scattered after his death in Princeton in 1955, requested that his home at 112 Mercer Street not become a museum.
The dome, after all, was built to keep the weather outside from influencing the games inside.
They refuse to approve the banners until they see them in place -- after which, of course, they could order the $1.2 million banners removed.
U.S. corporations and investors are poised for a new round of ventures in Mexico after the ruling party's recent victory in an election they regard as clean enough, at least, to be valid.
Citibank now expects to help finance government infrastructure projects, especially in electric power, that were put off until after the election.
 (BC-U.S.-MEXICO-TRADE-2NDTAKE-NYT) U.S. investment in Mexico has grown rapidly in recent years, with a burst after Congress approved the North American Free Trade Agreement in November.
``That's a main topic: the government itself delaying liberalization until after the elections,'' said Ronald J.
Mexican executives, after all, were at least as jittery as U.S. executives in their country.
Justice has gone after banks that discriminated against black loan applicants, but until the Chevy Case case it had never used anti-discrimination laws to challenge where banks provided services or placed branches.
Also depressing stocks was a decline in bond prices after the announcement of economic data, including jobless claims, whose strength might prompt the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates again.
Shares of Piper Jaffray, the Minneapolis stock brokerage firm, fell 2, to 11|, after The Wall Street Journal reported that the firm could lose more than $700 million from investments in mortgage-backed securities.
The draft report, in examining research of Simmons and its rival, Mediamark Research Inc., concluded that the basis for data reported by Simmons after 1990, when it changed how its surveys were conducted, was perplexing.
Simmons went on the offensive after articles about the draft report appeared last month in Inside Research, a newsletter, and Inside Media, a trade publication.
But after visiting the camps, she said she found it impossible to choose six or seven children from the thousands who had been orphaned, abandoned or stranded without their parents.
Many more will die if the nationalists do not accept the peace plan and if the Bosnian government army, newly confident after its recent successes on the battlefield, continues its campaign to retake occupied areas.
``If I had wanted to stay on the other side I would have,'' she said, explaining why she returned home after a three-day visit last month to her daughter and grandchildren, who live on the rebel side of the battlefront.
When the refugees arrive Friday, they will join 35 Cubans who were detained here after crossing the Rio Grande near Laredo on Sunday.
But by chance, after more than two years, some bills eventually did come to Booth.
 (BC-BBO-TV-SPORTS-NYT) As if The Baseball Network did not have enough problems -- besides the players' strike that has placed the embryonic baseball-ABC-NBC joint venture in limbo after only five games -- now it has been ripped by a players' union economist hired to poke through the owners' finances with a fine-toothed bulldozer.
Noll said the TBN deal (and the bargain-basement ESPN cable renewal) reflected ``poor business judgment on the part of management about the long-run attractiveness of their product to national broadcasters.'' He added that the $140 million that owners expected to share this season (before the strike) from TBN was underestimated by ``one-third to one-half'' and fell below the annual average of $165 million needed to renew the TBN deal after two years.
``That was more like $98 million after certain conditions,'' Schanzer said.
HAITIANS LOSING HOPE THAT U.S. WILL EVER COME TO THEIR AID PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti  (BC-HAITI-NYT) The red-and-blue banners that stretch across main streets in Port-au-Prince read: ``No to the U.S. invasion.'' But the colors are beginning to fade after being up for more than a month, because the likelihood of such an invasion to reinstate the deposed president, the Rev.
But it went above that level a bit before noon, and after dipping back to it a little after 1 p.m. it was off to the races.
``Nobody has any reason to complain.'' But Sister Payne -- like thousands of Roman Catholic sisters, priests and brothers throughout the nation -- has reason for concern about the future of religious men and women after their days of active work have ended.
In a written statement distributed after Judge Mukasey announced his decision, Kuntsler and Kuby said, ``From the outset of this case, the government has conducted a war against defense counsel in a desperate attempt to conceal its own misconduct and outright criminal behavior.'' ``For his part,'' the statement said, ``Judge Mukasey has refused to appoint counsel of choice for defendants, insuring that they receive only those lawyers approved and paid by the court.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
In addition to that, after the guilty verdicts in the trade center case, all four of the convicted men asked Kunstler and Kuby to represent them at their sentencing.
For the filly, after the Spinaway there's the Matron and the Frizette at Belmont and then the Breeders' Cup.'' ``They may not even be distance horses,'' he said, trying to harness his spirits.
But the president is expected to provide such certification later this month after the decision Wednesday by the U.N. General Assembly to approve the appointment of Karl-Theodor Paschka, former assistant secretary for personnel and management at the German Foreign Ministry, to the new post.
Salovaara comes to Blackstone from Greycliff Partners, a $300 million investment fund that he helped start after leaving Goldman in 1991.
But the fund began to wind down its operations in 1991 after many Goldman clients objected that it was competing with them for junk bonds.
Although their holiday has been compressed, the Clintons are still likely to return to Washington just after Labor Day.
U.S. REJECTS CASTRO'S OFFER FOR TALKS WASHINGTON  (BC-CUBA-U.S.-475&ADD-NYT) A day after President Fidel Castro of Cuba proposed broad talks as a step toward ending the refugee crisis, the Clinton administration rejected his overture, insisting that such talks would prove fruitless because Castro appears resolutely opposed to the reforms sought by Washington.
Under the new regulations, such remittances will be allowed only for emergencies and only after a license is received, an official said.
Democratic senators who have been insisting that nothing other than universal health insurance coverage would do began wondering alout if they can pass even incremental legislation after they return on Sept.
I think it's fair to say there was an ongoing situation between the two men.'' Rauls was indicted in February, two weeks after Benny was buried.
Katzenberg's decision on Wednesday to quit the company he helped build during the last decade after the rebuff by Eisner comes at an especially troubled time at Disney.
``At this point it's our determination to recess these negotiations, subject to call,'' John Calhoun Wells, director of the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service, said after the two sides had met and caucused for three and half hours.
The decision to recess the talks was made after a half-hour meeting the mediators had with each side's negotiating team.
Thursday, he left to get some sleep after hearing the good news that the doctors expect Robinson to make a full recovery.
His wife, Denise, stood in the driveway in front of their gray-shingled house and told reporters how she waited for her husband to return home on the subway Monday night, then waited for the word to come that he had been injured after hearing on the radio that police officers had been shot.
The gas for their stoves is available only after 6 P.M. ``We have to cook tonight what we want to eat tomorrow,'' Iglesias said.
The firm blocked the release of the report after it was presented to Judge Brozman.
But Thursday, after The New York Times, Bloomberg Business News and Dow Jones & Co., the publisher of The Wall Street Journal, appealed to the judge to unseal the document, officials at Weil, Gotshal agreed that the report should be released.
``He was one of the most outstanding young men I've ever been around,'' Miller said in a statement after visiting with Banks' family.
``We just ask for the Baylor community to pray for Jerode's family and friends.'' Banks was regarded as one of the top high school players in Texas after his senior season at Temple.
Earlier this month, Dell began shipping two new company-designed notebook computers, marking its reentry into the laptop category nearly a year after withdrawing from the market.
But after conferring with Leon E.
Shortly after lunch, Mitchell strode into the chamber and challenged the Republicans to do their worst, to try to kill the bill on a procedural vote.
If the refugees keep coming by the thousands, the detention centers at Guantanamo Bay will eventually fill to bursting, even after such costly measures as the building of more camps, an idea that was announced on Tuesday, and the evacuation of some civilian workers to make more space available, a measure announced on Thursday.
``I feel very much the way I did a week ago.'' Molinari said he feels vindicated because the crime bill passed the House -- with his daughter's support -- only after the President agreed to some of the points demanded by Republican lawmakers.
(Akemi Miyama/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT14) SEATTLE -- August 25, 1994 -- KINGDOME, 8-25 -- Insurance adjusters and other officials checking the Seattle Kingdome on Tuesday after an Aug.
The workers had been sandblasting the stadiumUs ceiling to remove residue after loose tiles had been removed.
SENATE WON'T DEBATE HEALTH CARE UNTIL SEPTEMBER WASHINGTON  (BC-HEALTH-HNS) In a move that could further diminish chances for passage of comprehensive health care legislation this year, Majority Leader George Mitchell said Thursday that the Senate will delay debate on the measure until after Labor Day.
(Akemi Miyama/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT14) SEATTLE -- August 25, 1994 -- KINGDOME, 8-25 -- Insurance adjusters and other officials checking the Seattle Kingdome on Tuesday after an Aug.
The workers had been sandblasting the stadiumUs ceiling to remove residue after loose tiles had been removed.
(Akemi Miyama/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT14) SEATTLE -- August 25, 1994 -- KINGDOME, 8-25 -- Insurance adjusters and other officials checking the Seattle Kingdome on Tuesday after an Aug.
The workers had been sandblasting the stadiumUs ceiling to remove residue after loose tiles had been removed.
The dozen Cubans who arrived on Thursday, after two days at sea, included men, women, and children piled into an 18-foot craft, said Al Rodriguez, a Key West police officer.
(Akemi Miyama/New York Times Photo) 	(NYT14) SEATTLE -- August 25, 1994 -- KINGDOME, 8-25 -- Insurance adjusters and other officials checking the Seattle Kingdome on Tuesday after an Aug.
The workers had been sandblasting the stadiumUs ceiling to remove residue after loose tiles had been removed.
But many residents in the northwest section of this city say they are still struggling to recapture a sense of order and security in the weeks since the neighborhood erupted in flames on July 27 after a propane tanker truck slammed into an overpass along Interstate 287 and exploded.
I spent a lot of time with her that night.'' A week later, after getting through to her by telephone, Minieri paid the girl a visit and was relieved to see that she was recuperating.
But he did not lose it Thursday, when the opportunity was right there to fold up, when he was four down after eight holes to Buddy Alexander, 41, a player who had won this championship in 1986 and looked as if he was about to take the kid to school.
In 1991, after he left COE to form the funk-rock band Doctor Tongue, Abbruzzese got a call from Matt Chamberlain, the former drummer for local heavyweights Edie Brickell and the New Bohemians.
So after a week of practicing with guitarists Stone Gossard and Mike McCready, bassist Jeff Ament and vocalist Eddie Vedder, Abbruzzese officially joined Pearl Jam, sealing his career for the next few years.
The Police Department updated a 1989 training video after the Pennell shooting, but police officials said Thursday that it did not go far enough to insure the safety of minority officers.
	Wheat prices climbed after the International Wheat Council reduced its global forecast for the crop.
The renewed interest comes after the recent victory by Mexico's ruling party, which has calmed fears of potential upheaval in the country.
But he did not lose it Thursday, when the opportunity was right there to fold up, when he was four down after eight holes to Buddy Alexander, 41, a player who had won this championship in 1986 and looked as if he was about to take the kid to school.
Oliver Koppell suspended the head of his office's criminal bureau Thursday after a woman said that her answering machine had taped him saying that homosexuals ``shouldn't have kids.'' Calling the statement ``personally repugnant,'' Koppell ordered an investigation and suspended Thomas Neidl, 45, head of the Albany criminal prosecutions bureau since 1987, from his supervisory duties.
When Mas received Washington's backing for Radio Marti in 1986 to broadcast to Cuba, and later obtained congressional financing for Television Marti, relations between the two countries were chilled after years of growing accommodation.
A $60-million shipment of guns, ammunition, and grenades to Rwanda was canceled after the government began massacring the Tutsi ethnic minority.
By war's end, all but 10,000 of them, remnants of what had been, after Warsaw, the second-largest Jewish site in Europe, had perished.
They are the survivors of postwar anti-Jewish campaigns in Poland, which purged Lodz of all but a handful of the Jews who returned here after 1945.
But most seem tough, just as they were tough enough to last a year in Auschwitz after four years in Poland's first and final ghetto.
Two of them were Rafal and Magdalana Masny, 21 and 19, whose mother revealed her Jewishness to them only four years ago, after their Catholic father died.
``There is a future in Mexico,'' Fernandez said, consoling his supporters at a news conference hours after the polls closed on Sunday -- but hours before even the first preliminary official results were made public.
Fernandez, the 53-year-old lawyer and congressman who shot ahead in some opinion polls after whipping his rivals in the first-ever televised debate among major presidential candidates on May 12, has never explained very clearly why he all but quit public campaigning for several weeks in June and July.
Finally, the PAN won only 1 of 13 congressional races in Guanajuato, where President Carlos Salinas de Gortari negotiated to put a moderate PAN governor in office after a PRI victory in 1991 state elections was swamped by accusations of fraud at the polls.
Nothing.'' There is, however, an Einstein Drive on the campus of the nearby Institute for Advanced Study, whose faculty Einstein joined in 1933 after the rise of Nazism in Germany, his native country.
``I remember more than once hearing Einstein say, `Whatever I have is a gift and anything I have discovered others would have discovered after me,' '' Blackwood said.
Einstein, whose ashes were scattered after his death in Princeton in 1955, requested that his home at 112 Mercer Street not become a museum.
Warren, a spokesman for Giuliani, said that although there is consensus between the speaker and the mayor on an independent commission, ``the mayor is very interested in hearing the views of the district attorneys, Milton Mollen and others and will wait until after these hearings to determine what sort of powers the commission should have.'' Giuliani is ``hopeful he can work with Speaker Vallone on this,'' Warren said.
``There's always a percentage of people interested in new things, but after that first wave goes through, it's more difficult,'' he said.
The suspects, Greg Poelker 33, an employee of Lufthansa Airlines, and Victor Nagy, 19, who is unemployed, were arrested late Wednesday after the parents of two teen-age girls told the police their daughters had complained of being sexually abused by the two men in their home at 18 Lantern Road.
But after about two minutes of Northridge's 3-0 win over Springfield, Va., had gone by, I was hooked.
And when he came back after his no-hitter was broken up to strike out the last two Springfield batters, I thought it was a classic example of not letting the pressure get to him.
	Deutsch was awarded the account after a review that also included Grey, Martin/Williams in Minneapolis and Mullen Advertising in Wenham, Mass., and was narrowed to Deutsch and Mullen.
We have in no way thrown in the towel or even suggested we will try to do anything but get a major bill out this year.'' She acknowledged, however, that lawmakers, when they reconvene after Labor Day, may end up taking just a few incremental steps to make health insurance more accessible and portable.
I think Stillman spent $800,000 doing his investigation and felt compelled to say something.'' Weil, Gotshal blocked the release of the report after it was presented to Judge Brozman.
But Thursday, after The New York Times, Bloomberg Business News and Dow Jones & Co., the publisher of The Wall Street Journal, appealed to the judge to unseal the document, officials at Weil, Gotshal agreed that the report should be released.
Last October, Police Chief Willie Williams and City Council members took the unusual step of holding a news conference to address the problem after three incidents in which people fired at officers.
Democratic senators who have been insisting that nothing other than universal health insurance coverage would do began wondering aloud if they can pass even incremental legislation after they return Sept.
``This crime bill is going to make every neighborhood in America safer -- and the bipartisan spirit that produced it should give every American hope that we can come together to do the job they sent us here to do,'' Clinton said in a statement after the vote.
Clinton's victory came after weeks of tense struggle on Capitol Hill.
Then we'll have a bill that's fair, E-I-E-I-O.'' The bill passed the House Sunday, but only after it was defeated on an initial vote 10 days earlier and then scaled back in order to lure enough moderate Republicans to ensure passage.
Nothing.'' There is, however, an Einstein Drive on the campus of the nearby Institute for Advanced Study, whose faculty Einstein joined in 1933 after the rise of Nazism in Germany, his native country.
``I remember more than once hearing Einstein say, `Whatever I have is a gift and anything I have discovered others would have discovered after me,' '' Blackwood said.
Einstein, whose ashes were scattered after his death in Princeton in 1955, requested that his home at 112 Mercer Street not become a museum.
Union and district negotiators' meeting with state mediator Draza Mrvichin adjourned at 8 p.m. Thursday, six uninterrupted hours after the session began behind closed doors at the district's downtown Los Angeles headquarters.
``I didn't (train) any speed into her, as you could see by the first quarter (mile),'' Dick Mandella said after Phone Chatter started slowly but rallied for a one-length victory over Airistar that was worth only $3 to bettors.
shoot our guns at a brother officer,'' Los Angeles police Officer Ted Teyechea said after a court hearing Thursday in the downtown Criminal Courts Building.
The judge agreed to stay the order after Jonathon S.
Paseana finished second to Hollywood Wildcat in a thrilling finish at Santa Anita and clinched her second straight fillies-and-mares championship, but after paying the jockey and trainer their shares of the purse, Craig lost money.
The colt ran a strong third, but after expenses, the $120,000 purse didn't get them even.
Breeders' Cup spokesman Jim Gluckson says event directors have had ``serious discussions over the years'' about altering the rules, particularly after supplemental entry Wild Again won the 1984 Classic and seemed likely to come back in 1985 (he got hurt) and Bayakoa was about to seek her second straight Distaff victory in 1990 (she won).
Owners and players checked out of their New York hotels after a day and a half of fruitless negotiations.
``We are recessed indefinitely,'' union chief Donald Fehr said after about four hours of meetings Thursday.
``You don't leave some place after 28 years without a reason.'' And if you look out the east window in Goren's office, you're right on top of the Sunset Boulevard on-ramp to the southbound Hollywood Freeway.
Called ``a pitching god'' by teammate Spencer Gordon, Dunlap experienced his only trouble after giving up a single to Paul Weishar.
``I didn't think we'd be signing autographs that much.'' Gentile was the No.1 target Wednesday night after throwing a one-hitter with 13 strikeouts in Northridge's 2-0 win over Springfield, Va. He also was surrounded Thursday after hitting two doubles in Northridge's 3-0 win over Springfield in the U.S. championship game.
UNDER-THE-GUN COWBOYS ANNOUNCERS MIRROR GAME  (BC-FBN-COWBOYS-RADIO-TEX) If truly concerned about negative tones, maybe Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones will shift his focus to the playing field instead of the broadcast booth after watching Thursday night's 28-10 loss to the New Orleans Saints.
Jones said Sham and Hansen would be critiqued after each game after what he labeled ``an overall tone that wasn't positive'' during the KVIL broadcast of Sunday's game against the Denver Broncos.
Backup quarterback Rodney Peete started the second quarter but was in for only one series before he left for good after sustaining a concussion.
Don't push him.'' When Walker finally signed with Georgia four months after the SEC signing day, stories flourished that the decision was made by chance.
The Vikings tumbled to infighting and mediocrity shortly after his arrival.
Last October, Police Chief Willie Williams and City Council members took the unusual step of holding a news conference to address the problem after three incidents in which people fired at officers.
If his knee swells up again after that, he'll likely have arthroscopic surgery.
Immediately following his arrest, police said Van Buren admitted to brandishing and firing the gun at James' home after she refused to allow him entry near midnight on April 24.
In a letter to the Ventura County Court after his July 28 conviction, Van Buren maintained his innocence but, he wrote, ``I am ready to face the consequences.'' The judge also castigated Van Buren for his inability to pay court fees, despite driving ``a brand new car given by (your) guardian.'' Clark noted Van Buren had failed to find summer employment.
Rodriguez and his envelope were reunited, and his college plans saved, after the boys, Daniel, 7, and Patrick Rein, 5, ran home and gave the envelope to their father, Jeffrey Rein.
But even after 50 years, it's still the same old story: a boy and his wonder-dog.
The movie initially centers on Mousie (Seidy Lopez) and Sad Girl (Angel Aviles), childhood pals who become bitter enemies after being impregnated by the same guy.
Shortly after graduation, in 1990, Hathaway released her debut, ``Lalah Hathaway.'' It yielded such popular releases as ``Baby Don't Cry'' and ``I'm Coming Back,'' and critics quickly compared her to the more established Anita Baker and Regina Belle.
During the year he had read all there were in the library, after a friend recommended them, and now he was looking to fill out the series,'' she says.
 (BC-READING-(2ndtake)-COX) As with the children that Bustard interviewed, the key to getting Mary to want to read enough to work at it day after day was to find the right subject.
The movie initially focuses on Mousie (Seidy Lopez) and Sad Girl (Angel Aviles), two childhood friends who become bitter enemies after they have children by the same guy -- an amiable but selfish drug dealer named Ernesto (Jacob Vargas).
``Something was actually happening,'' the show's intricate central character, 15-year-old Angela Chase (Claire Danes), says in a voice-over when her girlfriend is grabbed suddenly by a stranger after flirting with him outside a nightclub -- this after days of talking about trying to make something happen.
The airline decided on the ban after a survey in which 75 percent of 22,000 international passengers favored smokeless flights.
nobody cared, nobody was doing anything.'' Podlaski returned to the country years after his experiences as an 18-year-old member of the Army's Special Forces -- the Green Berets -- at the height of the Vietnam War.
nobody cared, nobody was doing anything.'' Podlaski returned to the country years after his experiences as an 18-year-old member of the Army's Special Forces -- the Green Berets -- at the height of the Vietnam War.
MEXICAN ELECTION OBSERVERS DIFFER IN THEIR VIEWS SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-MEXICO-OBSERVERS-HNS) As the dust settles after Mexico's presidential election, U.S. Latinos and other observers who witnessed the event are sharply divided over how clean -- or dirty -- the historic balloting was.
MEXICO CITY  (BC-MEXICO-$ADV28-COX) The day after Ernesto Zedillo learned he had been elected Mexico's next president, he sent word to his vanquished opponents asking them for their ideas on what course his administration should take.
``Thirteen years ago, the broadcast networks were like department stores, and we went after a niche.
Shortly after the theory of nuclear fission was propagated by Albert Einstein in 1905, science fiction writer and futurist H.G. Wells wrote a 1914 novel called ``The World Set Free: A Story of Mankind,'' in which he coined the term ``atomic bomb.'' Lou Varricchio, a free-lance writer and public radio producer, said Wells knew many of the scientists studying atomic structure.
Shortly after the theory of nuclear fission was propagated by Albert Einstein in 1905, science fiction writer and futurist H.G. Wells wrote a 1914 novel called ``The World Set Free: A Story of Mankind,'' in which he coined the term ``atomic bomb.'' Lou Varricchio, a free-lance writer and public radio producer, said Wells knew many of the scientists studying atomic structure.
The honor roll of really heavy hitters around the league includes Nate Newton, the Cowboys' 330-pound Pro Bowl guard; the Eagles' William Perry, whose battles with his refrigerator-sized waistline have become legendary; Keith Rucker, a defensive tackle down to 345 for the Bengals this summer after playing at 368 the past two seasons with the Cardinals; Reuben Davis, who played with the Cardinals last year but signed with the Chargers this offseason and weighs at least 340; and Scott, who played at 367 last year when Bengals coaches rated him their best lineman.
In the mind of this voter, after having read the Dowd Report, Rose clearly bet on his game.
We'll have to make them available when play resumes -- or next season.'' Bay Area soup kitchens are having to cope without hundreds of pounds of leftover food they normally receive after games at Candlestick Park and the Oakland Coliseum.
Even after the firemen and paramedics arrived, it was he who did most of the talking and all the explaining.
The voice I heard over the telephone expressed a mother's anguish, but also a mother's will after having searched for ways to keep her child thinking and feeling positive.
And, within minutes after that, Dominick was already smiling and saying that he was glad his accident had happened at the beginning of summer so he would not have to miss any school.
For a while after unification, people were ashamed to admit that they had grown up in East Germany, but now we're starting to be proud of it.'' At the concert, the distinctive aromas of Cabinet and F6 cigarettes, which were popular in East Germany and are still made in Saxony and Thuringia, hung over the crowd.
For a time after unification, easterners shunned their own goods in favor of those made in the west, but no longer.
If Clinton is successful, and he has been in his major initiatives up to this point, I think whether you're liberal or conservative on the Democratic side, you'll support the president.'' Jackson was asked whether he planned to challenge Clinton after he delivered a stinging attack on the president's foreign and domestic policies and said he would give Clinton ``an A on rhetoric and promises and about a D on delivery.'' On foreign issues, Jackson charged that Clinton lacks a coherent policy on Cuba and Haiti and said, ``The administration is politically locked into no-talk, no-action and no-change policy.'' On the domestic front, Jackson said Clinton has failed to deliver on his campaign promises to African Americans, who Jackson said provided the Democrat with his margin of victory over Republican President George Bush.
Maybe nobody can.'' 	Even President Clinton's victory on the crime bill, which most Americans say is their top concern, has left many voters confused about what exactly has been left in the bill or taken out, after all the wrangling, and they are skeptical that it will do much good in any event.
And this, after five weeks of sweating in the sun in Austin and five National Football League preseason games?
Now, Jones is a Ram, Casillas is in limbo after voiding his four-year, $6 million contract with the Chiefs, and both Maryland and Lett have a history of ankle and foot problems.
MILAN, Italy  (BC-GLOBAL-MARKETS-ART-$ADV28-NYT) Italians showed the remarkable ability this year to reward Silvio Berlusconi for his victory in last March's national elections by scooping up shares on the Milan stock market in unheard of volumes for about one month and then, after Berlusconi and his political partners stumbled from one political gaffe to the next, to simply walk away.
While maintaining that his ads are just as useful to the job hunter as are newspaper classifieds, James Gonyea, owner of Help Wanted-USA, acknowledged that some f his job postings had orginally appeared as apid ads elsewhere, which his service saw and then posted, after changing the wording.
The problem afflicts small companies because they have few employees and often do not continue after the owner retires.
Panetta said he had no regrets that the Senate left town Thursday after ending its fractious debate over the crime bill.
DIABETES PATIENTS RECEIVING SUBSTANDARD CARE, EDUCATORS SAY SAN ANTONIO  (BC-DIABETES-EDUCATION-HNS) A year after the release of a landmark study showing that intensive management of diabetes can prevent devastating complications, many patients still are receiving substandard care, according to diabetes educators.
Said Nehlen, after taking a swipe at ESPN's Beano Cook for dismissing West Virginia as a one-year wonder: ``It's just too early to say anything.'' Spot the trend?
He also said the archdiocese hopes to avoid the kind of problems that Catholic officials in Denver ran into with their merchandiser after the papal visit to that city last year.
You can still see exhibits of champion sheep -- which is, after all, where some say it all started: In 1807, a man named Elijah Watson, sometimes called ``the father of U.S. agricultural fairs,'' staged a modest sheep exhibit in Pittsfield, Mass., and the rest is history.
``People were ready to come out after so many weeks of flooding and rain,'' said the manager, Marion Lucas.
``He was the teacher of a generation, and the current Government is in one way or another following his path.'' In the years after the 1967 Middle East war, Harkabi published books and articles analyzing Arab attitudes toward Israel, acquainting Israelis with the PLO's covenant and its clauses calling for Israel's destruction.
He warned against policies driven by zealous idealism rather than realism, and a few months after the outbreak of the Palestinian uprising in 1987 he said, ``Reality will force Israel to retreat from her political stand, to withdraw from the territories and to negotiate with the PLO.'' Yehoshafat Harkabi was born in Haifa on Sept.
He fought as a company commander in the 1948 Arab-Israeli war and was a delegate to negotiations with Egypt and Jordan after the fighting ended.
Please don't ask about the deal after that.
There is no shortage of possible cases to bring, but even after you win a big one you have to wonder if you're having much impact.
Of course, that may not have been easy to do, since the SEC claims that Biltmore illegally required buyers in the offerings to promise to buy more shares, at much higher prices, after trading began.
It started this week after Go for Gin skipped the Travers and ran third in the Forego Handicap in his prep race for the Woodward.
WHEAT FUTURES PRICES CLOSE FIRM KANSAS CITY, Mo.  (BC-MIDWEST-COMMODITIES-KAN) Wheat futures prices at Kansas City, Chicago and Minneapolis exchanges closed firm again Friday after Thursday's surge to new highs.
Corn and soybean futures prices were mostly lower after rain fell on dry Midwest crops.
Kansas City Value Line stock-index futures advanced after anti-inflationary data came out early Friday.
But one after another, passengers walked off the plane and past Wycoff until, finally, no one was left.
Ironically enough, with American fashion outings getting second looks from Europe, the spring clothes reflected American styles, after more than a decade of Italian control.
Instead of watching television right after dinner, a family walk might set a better example.
``There's work going on.'' In the next breath she beckoned inside two police officers -- and left me flat-footed and slack-jawed, wondering whether the church was closed indefinitely or just until after lunch.
Although CBS dropped ``Gilligan'' after just three seasons to make room for the cowboy drama ``Gunsmoke,'' the castaway comedy quickly became a staple of syndicated programming.
INDIA CRACKS DOWN ON PRE-NATAL TESTS NEW DELHI, India  (BC-INDIA-GENDER-TESTS-425(2TAKES)-) After years of debate, India is trying to curb the widespread practice of aborting pregnancies after tests have shown the fetus is female.
Even after the new law was approved, the clinics, typical of thousands across the country, still displayed the euphemistic signboards in hand-lettered English -- ``Healthy Boy or Girl!'' -- that signal that their principal business is determining the sex of a fetus.
When dowry arrangements come before the courts, it is usually as a result of incidents in which wives have been set on fire because their families have failed to meet dowry payments, or to pay additional amounts demanded by the groom's family after marriage.
Another concern among women's groups has been that curbing sex- determination tests will drive many families back to the centuries-old practice of killing baby girls shortly after birth, or so favoring boys, with scarce supplies of food and other benefits, that girls die young.
McPeak, 58, who is scheduled to retire in October after serving as the Air Force's top officer since 1990.
In one of them, Hitler is drunk and angry after his rejection from art school.
Mitchell sent the Senate home for a two-week vacation Thursday after it was clear that he was unable to muster support for his health care proposal, which called for 95 percent of Americans to have health insurance by the turn of the century.
Plus, you can go home after the gig.
They're one of my favorite bands.'' The road work doesn't end after the Stones dates.
The Doctors are looking forward to a seven-week tour of small theaters after Christmas, when the band will be able to stretch out on two sets a night.
Jong writes, ```I feel that I have just read my obituary,' she used to say after reading certain poems of mine...
COMDISCO SETTLES SUIT BROUGH BY IBM  (BC-IBM-SUIT-315&ADD-NYT) The stock of Comdisco Inc., a leader in the leasing business for large computer systems, rose sharply Friday after the company said it had settled a three-year-old suit brought by International Business Machines Corp.
At the time, Comdisco was not the only company doing this, but most others quickly stopped after IBM threatened legal action, said Bob Djurdjevic, president of Annex Research, a computer consulting company based in Phoenix that follows the mainframe market.
But by Friday the doubters were scarcer: after slipping on Thursday, the Dow sped ahead again, prompted in part by a moderate GDP report, bringing the week's gain to 125, the year's highest.
-0- Six weeks after Macy's and Federated decided to merge, New York State's Attorney General, G.
It was no secret that Katzenberg, head of that amazing Disney machine that keeps turning out those animated blockbusters, wanted the No. 2 job at the head office after Walt Disney's president, Frank Wells, was killed in a helicopter crash.
 (BC-BIZWEEK-ART-2NDTAKE-$ADV28-NYT) It's hard to imagine that after all the talk about health care, the endless dissection of the Clinton plan's unintelligible details, the numbing reams of press coverage -- that after all that there may actually be no health care legislation.
But the Senate abruptly shoved that very possibility into the public's face last week when, after breaking a deadlock on the crime bill, it headed for the beach, refusing to tackle health.
When the ruling party won the presidency last week, though, there was again the sense that opportunity would outweigh surprise -- that Mexico might be ripe for investment after all.
``We are enforcing an embargo that makes conditions worse and is driving people out,'' Pell said after the committee was briefed on Clinton's Cuba policy by senior administration officials.
A big factor in this year's consumer retrenchment has been the virtual drying up of mortgage refinancing after millions of Americans took advantage of falling interest rates, which bottomed last October, to reduce monthly payments.
Profits from current production surged 7.7 percent after falling 4.8 percent in the first quarter.
``We had a dog named Strider when we arrived, but after a few months he jumped into the water and swam away,'' Pearlman said.
But at the Infomart, a striking glass building at downtown's edge patterned after London's 19th-century Crystal Palace, the goal is to wine, dine and be on line.
``Stay after it.'' The bill, which the House of Representatives approved last Sunday, includes grants to local governments to hire 100,000 new police officers and to combat domestic violence.
The grant money will stop after six years.
Immediately after the attack, the driver took the passengers to Abu Tisht Hospital, about 12 miles north of here.
The government began providing armed escorts for foreign tourists in the south soon after the attacks began, but the Spanish Consul, Ignacio Garcia Ovies, said the bus was not accompanied by a guard.
``I consider that Sharpton has extended an invitation both to the Liberal Party and to me personally to respond to him after all these months of him shooting his mouth off,'' said the Liberal Party leader, Raymond B.
But after Stern announced earlier this month that he would withdraw, the party said its candidate for governor would be Robert L.
``I feel just like a winner because I'm doing what I love,'' Temesvari said Friday after winning 12 of the final 15 games to beat Rita Grande, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3, in Flushing Meadows.
She was sidelined for all of 1987 after two ankle operations and missed 1988 because of arthroscopic surgery to her right shoulder.
``Gotta be going anyway.'' Only after the boss departed did one of the participants confide that they had been watching a videotape called ``The Clinton Chronicles.'' The 83-minute, innuendo-filled attack on President Clinton also contains inflammatory allegations about Tyson's relations with his fellow Arkansan in the White House.
Don Tyson became the company's president in 1966, three years after it went public.
Tyson took over the company after his father and stepmother were killed in an accident in 1967, when their car was struck by a train.
Earlier this year, when Tyson went after WLR Foods, the turkey producer in Broadway, Va., it employed a full media blitz accusing WLR management of putting their jobs ahead of shareholder interests in rejecting the bid of $30 a share for stock selling around $20.
Only after congressional pressure did it resume the work this year.
Prices plunged to 50 cents a pound from $2 after the Japanese reduced their purchases.
TREASURY PRICES UP SHARPLY NEW YORK  (BC-CREDIT-NYT) Prices of government securities moved sharply higher Friday after a government report showed the economy was growing at a pace that was slower than had been expected.
During the first quarter, the economy expanded at an annual rate of 3.3 percent, after growing at a 6.3 percent rate in the fourth quarter of last year.
Even President Clinton's success in pressing Congress to approve a bill intended to fight crime -- an issue that most Americans say is their top concern -- has left many voters confused about what exactly is in the bill or has been taken out after all the wrangling, and skeptical about what the legislation can accomplish.
Immediately after the attack, the driver took the passengers to Abu Tisht Hospital, about 12 miles north of here.
The government began providing armed escorts for foreign tourists in the south soon after the attacks began, but the Spanish Consul, Ignacio Garcia Ovies, said the bus was not accompanied by a guard.
 (BC-YANCEY-OBIT-NYT) Bert Yancey, the professional golfer who overcame manic depression after the disintegration of a brilliant 15-year-career, died Friday after collapsing while practicing for the Senior PGA Franklin Quest Championship in Park City, Utah.
The Army diagnosis at the time was a nervous breakdown, and after nine months of hospital treatment, he was discharged from the Army in 1961.
Toyota and other Japanese automakers have expanded their subsidized leasing programs, which feature lower monthly payments and the privilege of returning vehicles after a relatively short period.
The bill cleared its last legislative hurdle Thursday night after the Democrats picked off enough Republican votes to overcome a procedural challenge.
``What is clear in this negotiation,'' Fehr said after the second owners-players session, ``is the owners' goal is exactly the same as it's been in every negotiation dating back to at least 1976.
One member of management said owners reported after private conversations with players during the two days of talks that the players are convinced the owners are not serious about their pursuit of a salary cap and ultimately would change their position.
The Anderson strike, which ended after three days with an agreement Thursday night, closed down 15 assembly plants in North America by depriving them of brake lights, bumpers and other parts.
Being a parent in a movie or TV show stands to be as lethal as smoking, unprotected sex, drunk driving, silicone implants, using an electrical appliance in the bathtub, sharing a needle, cleaning a loaded weapon, not waiting an hour after a meal before swimming and eating buttered popcorn -- combined.
Frasier's father on ``Frasier'' is a widower, and maybe the nest on NBC's ``Empty Nest'' wouldn't wouldn't be quite so empty if it weren't for Richard Mulligan's widower-dad character, ironic if only because this inexplicably long-running series seems to cheat death itself year after year.
Last week HUD finally dropped the investigation, after finding no violations.
Lee and Leon Black have acquired one company after another, never hesitating to step on toes or raise the temperature to get their way.
For all his success -- Dickstein Partners LP has earned a 40.4 percent compounded annual return after fees since its inception in 1986 -- Dickstein has never sought the limelight.
``In Manville, we basically broke even after a time.'' Rather than retreat, he analyzed his mistakes and plowed more money into an even dicier corner of the bankruptcy business: busted banks.
When the audit was conducted, Hanford guards were paid to exercise after hours at basic rates.
``We're going to continue reimbursing the officers at the rate we are reimbursing them,'' said a senior official at Livermore, where guards get overtime rates for exercise after hours.
He discovered the power of the sea from the first day, when big waves pounded his boat near Point Reyes, just hours after sailing out of the Golden Gate two years ago.
But let's see what they're doing, and see what people are feeling like after they get a night's sleep or two.'' At another point, he said passage of the crime bill showed it was possible to pass complex, sweeping legislation, ``So I'm not prepared to make a final judgment on that at this time.'' Senate Republican leader Bob Dole of Kansas, campaigning in Oklahoma for Rep.
12, House leaders Friday revised their schedule to return the same day, instead of right after Labor Day.
	Treasury prices rose sharply after the Commerce Department reported that the economy grew at an annual rate of 3.8 percent, in a revision that was less than what the bond market had expected.
	Shares of both Comdisco and IBM rose after the companies said they had settled a three-year-old lawsuit.
SETTING OUT FOR FREEDOM, BUT LANDING IN LIMBO ABOARD USCGC GRAND ISLE, off Florida  (BC-CUBA-REFUGEES-ART-650-(2TAKES)-NYT) Less than three hours after setting out from Key West amid thunder and under darkening skies, the Coast Guard cutter Grand Isle encountered a first raft in the Florida Straits.
We as Americans cannot fathom it because we don't have anything to compare it to.'' As the sun set shortly after 6 p.m., the Grand Isle approached the Clark, a Navy frigate that would take the refugees to Guantanamo, where they would be held indefinitely.
Long stretches of many beaches are thin, much as they often are in the spring after winter's pounding.
FOR OFFICERS' BEDSIDE MEETINGS NEW YORK  (BC-NY-COPS-SHOT-ART-575-(2TAKES)-NYT) A day after two tearful bedside meetings between the undercover transit police officer who was shot down in the subway and the city police officer who shot him, a lawyer for the family of the wounded officer, as well as his half-brother and a close friend, asserted Friday that the transit officer had been manipulated and that the meetings had been set up by the Police Department.
The shootings, which occurred in the crowded subway station after passengers reported seeing two teen-agers carrying guns, have raised questions about whether black undercover officers face a disproportionate risk of being injured by mistake by other police officers.
Three childhood friends who had been keeping Robinson company said they had arranged the meeting at his request, after he had asked to see DelDebbio.
As he was leaving the hospital to go home, DelDebbio stopped by Robinson's room shortly after noon.
``John Miller, the Police Department, that group said he had agreed to do this.'' Miller said Friday that he had helped obtain the permission only after Robinson's friends from the department told him that Robinson was willing to be photographed.
The two teen-agers apprehended after the shooting, Shea Davis and Damal Parham, were indicted Friday in state Supreme Court in Manhattan and charged with criminal possession of a weapon.
On Thursday, the group of Cubans brought in by plane joined a group of 40 arrested on Sunday after crossing the border from Mexico at Laredo, Texas.
The church was built within the shell of one of the largest buildings on an hacienda that was taken over by peasant families after the 1910 revolution.
Since last September, Wachtler, 64, has been serving a 15-month sentence for his conviction in a campaign of harassment and threats against Joy Silverman, a Republican fund-raiser, after she broke off their affair.
In December he was transferred to the Federal Medical Center in Rochester, Minn., after reporting that he had been stabbed in the shoulder while dozing in his cell.
But it was only after Ms. Weeks filed suit in 1991 and other women came forward to tell similar accounts during the pretrial proceedings that Baker & McKenzie forced the resignation of Greenstein.
Ms. Weeks had asked $600,000 in compensatory damages, but from the first that seemed doubtful because the 40-year-old secretary resigned voluntarily after working for Greenstein for only 25 days, and her lawyer agreed that she had incurred no lost wages.
Kay also made a comparison between Baker & McKenzie's perfunctory reprimands of Greenstein after each complaint to its swift action when it learned that the 49-year-old lawyer had been backdating trademark documents, professional misconduct that apparently contributed to his dismissal after 22 years with the firm.
Ms. Weeks said that Greenstein had dropped M & M candies in the pocket of her blouse and groped her breasts after a departmental lunch, among other misconduct.
The early complaints were too innocuous to require action and the firm ``did the right thing'' after learning of the more serious incidents in pretrial proceedings, Bartko said.
23 deadline for filing an expedited appeal with the Appellate Division of state Supreme Court, meaning that any appeal probably could not be heard until after the Sept.
13 primary and possibly not until after the Nov.
A spokesman for the transit police, Albert O'Leary, said Finkler had been chased out of the garage twice Thursday evening after breaking into buses parked inside.
O'Leary said that Finkler had returned to the depot a third time shortly after 1 a.m. and had been chased out by employees, who called the police.
``Where are we going if every month rules are going to change?'' said Becker, ranked No. 7 after winning two tournaments this summer.
Earlier this month, Fox decided to postpone an O.J. Simpson TV movie after the former football star's attorneys argued that the film would make it even harder to impanel an unprejudiced jury.
Earlier this month, Fox decided to postpone an O.J. Simpson TV movie after the former football star's attorneys argued that the film would make it even harder to impanel an unprejudiced jury.
He died after a lengthy illness, according to his business partner and companion, Louis Schumaci.
President Truman instead ordered the return of the art -- but only after 202 paintings were brought to the U.S. for a lavish traveling exhibition.
Now, in an effort to restore that sense of security, the mall has decided to prohibit buses from stopping on mall property on Friday and Saturday nights after this weekend, effectively halting bus service from inner-city neighborhoods of Bridgeport at those times.
An earlier plan to eliminate bus service after 5 p.m. was abandoned last year.
So they're going to be looking at that to see if I can compete at this level.'' The Raiders will return to Los Angeles shortly after the game, then have Sunday off, when Brabham has to worry about being cut.
Simpson and Cowlings were taken into custody after a 60-mile-long slow chase.
Heidi takes after her mother, decorating her own room, Judy said.
They all contribute to helping with preparation and cleanup after meals.'' Even the little ones -- Caleb, 5; Ian, 4; and Timmy, 2 -- make sure their own laundry gets to the utility room, then fold it and put it away after it's washed.
Jones, as usual, came in at middle linebacker after the veteran Kyle Clifton started.
The leagues don't begin until mid-October, after the strike-threatened regular season would have concluded, and last into January.
Antoine Miller, sentenced to 27 months' probation in November for his role in the Denny beating, was arrested and booked on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon by Los Angeles Police Department detectives after a five-day investigation into the shooting incident, said Deputy Chief Mark Kroeker.
``For a guy to be able to go play a full game now after laying off a year, and the small amount of practice time he's had, is really a compliment to his conditioning,'' Switzer said.
Jones missed the Saints game after suffering a concussion on the opening kickoff of Sunday's game against the Denver Broncos.
``We know what we're going to do,'' said coach Barry Switzer, who might do some tinkering before and after Sunday's 3 p.m. deadline for National Football League teams to make cuts.
The firm said it reprimanded Greenstein on several occasions and ultimately forced him out last October after other women came forward during the course of Weeks' lawsuit and accused the lawyer of misconduct.
Nearly five years after its premiere, ``A Partilha'' still plays to sold-out houses in Rio de Janeiro, and the show grossed $1 million touring only Brazil last year.
Comedy is a light way to tell the truth to people.'' And night after night in Rio, Falabella has audiences crying and applauding with laughter, and then rising to their feet to honor him with standing ovations.
nobody cared, nobody was doing anything.'' Podlaski returned to the country years after his experiences as an 18-year-old member of the Army's Special Forces -- the Green Berets -- at the height of the Vietnam War.
nobody cared, nobody was doing anything.'' Podlaski returned to the country years after his experiences as an 18-year-old member of the Army's Special Forces -- the Green Berets -- at the height of the Vietnam War.
In the nearly three months since she went into hiding after the Bangladeshi government charged her with defaming Islam, she has been attacked by fundamentalists and by her fellow feminists, who blame her for drawing the mullahs' wrath.
Nine days ago, after fleeing to Sweden, Taslima Nasrin spoke for herself.
Even after ridding the country of the Pakistani military in 1971, Bangladesh remains an uncertain parliamentary democracy.
Speaker after speaker ridiculed the 56-year-old interior secretary.
Recently, after four hours' give-and-take with Western senators who are fighting to hold on to century-old subsidies for mining, grazing and timber interests, he came away looking refreshed.
Ludicrous assassination schemes, the botched Bay of Pigs invasion and diplomatic campaigns aimed at isolating him internationally all added to his revolutionary luster, remaining propaganda fodder for Havana long after the United States pledged, as part of the solution to the Cuban missile crisis of 1962, not to use force to overthrow Castro.
All nine presidents since the days of Eisenhower have sought to take the approach recommended by then-Vice President Richard Nixon as he emerged from his Washington office with his arm around the Cuban leader after they met there in April 1959: ``We're going to work with this man.'' Nixon himself would later negotiate an anti-air-hijacking agreement with Castro.
But Castro unilaterally abrogated the anti-hijacking agreement after blaming the United States for the bombing of a Cuban airliner.
``Every time an American president takes office, Castro starts by throwing bouquets,'' said Franqui, who fought in the Sierra Maestra with Castro and wrote ``Family Portrait With Fidel'' after breaking with him.
is that after 35 years of Castro's rule, the hard line against him has failed to get rid of him.'' With the Communist bloc gone, ``our best service to the Cuban people now would be to build pressure from within by actively stimulating Cuba's contacts with the free world,'' Nixon concluded.
``I would not presume to say how our candidate ought to be running her campaign,'' he said after a pause.
If Brown loses in November after once enjoying a comfortable lead in the polls, it will be because she sounded like a Republican, and failed to motivate Democrats and Independents who want an alternative, said Sen.
``You see it in issue after issue.
In a case of mistaken identity, two police officers were felled by gunshots fired by fellow officers in the chaos that ensued after a teen-ager being chased by the police dropped his shotgun and it misfired.
According to the News of the World, one of London's shriller Sunday tabloids, Oliver Hoares, a longtime friend and counselor to both the princess and her estranged husband, Prince Charles, had called in the police last October after months of fielding calls in which he picked up the receiver and the caller refused to say anything.
LOS ANGELES  (BC-TECH-BEAT-LADN) If you're thinking of taking the home computer plunge and would like to check out the now-deeply discounted Macintosh Performa line, plan to spend a few hours in Torrance the weekend after Labor Day.
6, the day after Labor Day, Jones Education Networks will earn its plural with the launch of Jones Computer Network, or JCN.
He probably wouldn't have been celebrated until after his death,'' Douridas said.
In a case of mistaken identity, two police officers were felled by gunshots fired by fellow officers in the chaos that ensued after a teen-ager being chased by the police dropped his shotgun and it misfired.
According to the News of the World, one of London's shriller Sunday tabloids, Oliver Hoares, a longtime friend and counselor to both the princess and her estranged husband, Prince Charles, had called in the police last October after months of fielding calls in which he picked up the receiver and the caller refused to say anything.
WASHINGTON'S PYRRHIC VACATION In the rush for the exits after the curtain finally fell last week on Capitol Hill, Bill Clinton and family took the lead.
``We don't want people to have to grapple with some of these things on their own.'' Atterbury, who makes industrial videos, decided to undergo weekly training sessions last year after seeing a television report on the camp.
The frequent underscoring of the author's admittedly exciting ideas ends up expanding as only so much after a while.
For, after six years of negotiation, haggling and an occasional burst of statesmanship, the crime legislation was the child of too many parents.
The White House reluctantly agreed to accept this provision and was rewarded by Giuliani's staunch lobbying after the bill stumbled in the House.
Rickard got the idea for the First Negro Classic Ballet, he told Ho, after seeing his own former teacher, Bronislava Nijinska, turn away a young African-American girl, suggesting she take tap lessons instead.
But after the cruiser Vincennes shot down an Iranian passenger plane in 1988, killing all 290 people aboard, Washington paid $2.9 million to the families.
Sardinas' ill-fated trip began after the five would-be Cuban emigrants piled their raft high with food and water.
But when they awoke after their first night at sea, they found that all of their supplies had disappeared into the water.
``He was delirious, seeing visions,'' Sardinas said after visiting his him at his bedside.
About eight hours after casting off, however, the Sitkinak received a report of suspected Cuban immigrants aboard a 21-foot pleasure craft about three hours away.
``And that means that in the future we are going to see much more intense electoral competition.'' In the meantime, the exercise of a relatively free vote -- even after an unfair campaign -- is bound to force new accountability from a Zedillo government, especially after a turnout of more than 77 percent.
The summer after his senior year at Douglass High School, Gautt received a last-minute invitation to participate in the Oklahoma State North-South high school all-star game -- previously open only to whites.
Had someone told him that, 40 years after sneaking on Owen Field, not only would he play for Oklahoma but he would become a member of the Big Eight hierarchy, Gautt said he would never have believed it.
But, 40 years after the Supreme Court ruling, what do the numbers mean?
``You hear things like, `You got too many blacks.' It's bothersome because you'd think that this many years after the real integration of athletics at all levels, that we would be past that.'' Dickerson is not sure that true progress will ever be achieved.
``Jack and the second-teamers pulled this game out,'' he said after the victory over the Bucs.
Sherman suggested that the Jets ``were going to put various players in different situations with Boomer, and we weren't going to deviate from that plan, no matter what.'' Carroll displays a self-deprecating humor after games, unlike the combative stances taken by Bruce Coslet and Joe Walton.
Many of the readers were proposing changes in the way tie games are decided after the 0-0 final between Brazil and Italy had to be decided by penalty kicks.
In fact, there will be a change in France for the 1998 World Cup: a sudden-death (''golden goal'') period after regulation time.
NEW YORK  (BC-HERBERT-COLUMN-NYT) Just a few hours after the Senate passed the crime bill on Thursday night, Godfrey Williams boarded a Manhattan-bound subway train at a station in the Bedford-Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn.
``So when he didn't call I knew something was wrong.'' At 20 after midnight Williams's boss called to say he hadn't shown up for work.
And he's shown he can play hurt, too.'' When Henshaw was asked where he saw Bunch, he responded with perhaps the most telling quote of all: ``In the trainer's room.'' Bunch pulled a hamstring muscle soon after ending his holdout about two weeks ago.
There is barely a month between the time Congress returns after Labor Day and the election break.
Then Clinton's party will face voters who will punish the Democrats if they deliver nothing after all the big talk on health care.
This weekend the spotlight turned to Jacques Delors, whom the opposition Socialists would like to nominate after he retires as head of the European Union's executive commission at the end of this year.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Rather, all of France is awaiting the outcome of what seems to be the inevitable confrontation between Chirac, a former premier who has been planning a new bid for the presidency since he was defeated by Mitterrand in 1988, and Balladur, who only began eyeing the Elysee Palace after he became premier in March last year.
But after seeing previews of the tentative script and photographs that will be part of the exhibition, some veterans groups are worried that the Americans are depicted as aggressors and the Japanese as victims.
The exhibition will also depict the scene at Nagasaki, where American forces dropped a second atomic bomb three days after the first.
He is a Liberian citizen who was forced to flee the Doe regime's terror in 1990 after his paper's office was twice burned down and he and his staff were repeatedly jailed.
Marshall, a former Giants defensive end who signed with the Jets as a free agent in 1993, was released by the Jets in June after the team said it couldn't determine when a broken bone in Marshall's left forearm would fully heal.
THREE MONTHS AFTER RENEWING MFN STATUS, RELATIONS WITH CHINA ARE STILL STRAINED BEIJING  (BC-CHINA-U.S.-RIGHTS-675&ADDS(2TAKES)-NYT) Three months after China's ``most favored nation'' trade status was renewed, human rights conditions here have continued to deteriorate, and relations with Washington, instead of moving to a new and more constructive stage, remain mired in mistrust and contentiousness.
China's most famous dissident, Wei Jingsheng, released last September after serving most of a 15-year prison sentence, has not been heard from since his rearrest in April.
The Clinton administration's high-level dialogue on human rights with the Chinese has been suspended since March after the State Department's top human rights official, John Shattuck, met with Wei and carried back a message asking Clinton to keep the pressure on China to begin releasing its thousands of religious and political detainees.
Maybe not the down linemen, but any of our secondary and linebackers.'' Osborne said he is mesmerized by the stir created after the Orange Bowl.
GUNSHOP SEES LITTLE IMPACT OF CRIME BILL ON SALE OF ASSAULT WEAPONS WARRENTON, Va.  (BC-VA.-GUNSHOP-450&ADD-NYT) On the morning after the Senate passed President Clinton's crime bill, the phone at Clark Brothers Gun Shop here was ringing with calls from customers wanting to know if their assault rifles were worth more now that they are about to be banned.
A unanimous first-team all-America selection last year, he was the Pacific-10 Conference offensive player of the year after leading the league in scoring, finishing second in receptions and receiving yardage and ninth in all-purpose yardage.
And after he catches it, he's a great runner.
``I love to run after I catch the ball.
The only problem is that the mayor's office did not win approval of state legislation that would give the new division the powers it needed -- and lawmakers in Albany have gone home at least until after this fall's elections.
Moynihan said the city would still push for legislative approval if lawmakers return to Albany for a special session after the election or next year.
And there still is no sign to suggest anything but a deadlock between warring owners and players after 16 days without baseball.
Even optimistic federal mediators recessed talks Thursday, conceding there was no reason to keep together two groups that had wrestled to a draw after a day and a half of talks.
``Look, everybody acknowledges that we're in the middle of a strike,'' Rich said after the last bargaining session.
It ended 50 days after it started, and a day after the owners' strike insurance ran out.
That's when the owners finally figured that, yes, they could capitulate on the issue of free-agent compensation, after all.
The thing is, what was such an opening exchange of ideas doing coming a year and a half after it could have been held, and just 40 days before the season is scheduled to end?
``The important thing is to lay the foundation for a political solution.'' Salinas suggested that after the election last Sunday of his hand-picked successor, Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon, the pressure of Chiapas was effectively off his government and that time had shifted to the official side.
And though the protests were reported to have been generally peaceful, some of the leaders said their mostly Mayan Indian supporters were less willing to compromise after the political explosion of the rebellion that began on New Year's Eve.
A week after the national organization's public agonies over the dismissal of the Rev.
Last Thursday, after the second day of meetings between groups of owners and players, Harrington was asked at a news conference why the owners linked the salary cap they want the players to accept to the clubs' revenue-sharing plan.
Outsiders have suggested that the first question is whether after all the killing, Hutu and Tutsi can ever live together again.
``What all Rwandans have been hearing is that RPF are killers,'' said Athanase Hakizimana, a university professor who grew up in this village and came back here with his wife and four children from Butare after that city fell to the rebels.
Three times, a mob came after them, according to survivors who are staying in the refugee camp at Nyarushishi, not far from here.
Defensive end Rusty Medearis, who may start two years after a severe knee injury, will add an emotional boost.
And one of its biggest customers, AT&T Corp., withdrew 195,000 employees, dependents and retirees this year after filing a lawsuit contending that it had been fraudulently overcharged in the past.
But after the elections there would be ``a window of respite from political considerations'' early next year both for legislators and the governor, said James R.
It started up 10 years ago after a series of scandals about domestic spying in the 1970s by its predecessor, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police Security Service.
Bristow worked as a security guard in 1991 and 1992 for Preston Manning, leader of the populist Reform Party, now the third largest party in the House of Commons, after the governing Liberal Party and the Bloc Quebecois.
When you use informants, you know, when you send the cat out, you don't always know what the cat's going to bring back.'' About a week after The Sun's report about Bristow's work for the intelligence service while helping to start the neo-Nazi group, The Toronto Star reported about the service and the CBC, saying the agency spied on CBC journalists who were preparing a TV documentary last year about racism in an army unit.
Panama, they said, has indicated it will take some Cuban refugees after its new Government takes office on Sept.
 (BC-FBC-GATORS-650(2TAKES)-NYT) In town after town, as Steve Spurrier stood before group after group of expectant supporters to talk about a Florida Gator football season that could surpass all the others, he understood that a simple rundown of the depth charts will only carry you so far.
Especially not after Florida State's emotional triumph had been followed by reports of apparent violations of National Collegiate Athletic Association rules.
``Somebody told me a joke,'' Spurrier remembered recently after a practice.
Jeremy Foley, the Florida athletic director and an employee in the department since 1976, has witnessed the forced departures of two coaches, Charley Pell after the third game of the 1984 season, and Galen Hall after the fifth game in 1989, after the uncovering of violations.
``You don't always want to be the adjuster,'' Pruett said, sitting in the shade after another day of two-a-days, his voice already raspy well before the season.
Seminoles are 16-0 in A.C.C. games after two seasons.
Can Syracuse, after its astonishing collapse last October, regain respect?
They had better hurry because this 80-year-old conference will fade away after 1995 season.
More than 30 years after Castro's revolution, Cuba has once again become a country of two societies -- one with dollars and one without.
In an effort to shore up its shrunken economy after the loss of Soviet subsidies, Cuba has in recent years tried to rebuild the tourist business in Havana and other areas.
Castro declared after the demonstrations that if Cubans wanted to leave so badly that they were hijacking boats he would let them go.
And after the oratory against incrementalism, new definitions are required.
Some members of key policymaking councils in the Liberal Democratic Party, which governed Japan for 38 years before it was ousted after a split last summer, have started to question whether Japan needs all the American bases and whether Japan should provide as much financial support as it does for the installations.
 (BC-CLINTON-VACATION-520-(2TAKES)-NYT) The president is finally on vacation, after grappling with Cuba, the crime bill, health care, Whitewater -- all of which him kept him from the really big event here, the county fair.
She reportedly chose the island after learning that Clinton was able to vacation here in relative peace.
Lani Guinier, whose nomination for the Justice Department's top civil rights post Clinton withdrew after it proved controversial, was signing her new book at a gallery in Oak Bluffs on Saturday.
``You're going to see more courts coming to different conclusions, and eventually the Supreme Court will have to take a case and announce a national rule.'' A year after a Mississippi principal became a local hero when he was dismissed for allowing students to begin the day by reading prayers over his school's public-address system, Brian Bown this week set off his own furor at South Gwinnett High School in the Atlanta suburb of Snellville, Ga. Bown, 41, a social studies teacher, was suspended with pay for lecturing through the state-mandated period of silence on Monday, then stalking out of the school on Tuesday after telling the principal that he would not preside over such a period.
``After every shooting, after every kid is killed, what do they do?'' the senator, David Scott, said in an interview.
Now surely if it is good to do that after the killing, surely to incorporate a silent moment of reflection at the beginning of the day would go a long way in calming down, toning down, setting a mood.'' The law states that the period of reflection ``is not intended to be and shall not be conducted as a religious service or exercise.'' But even those who do not agree with Bown's assertion that ``the legislature very clearly intended to make it a moment of prayer'' acknowledge that entirely divorcing religion from the period of reflection is impossible.
EGYPT'S ISLAMIC GROUP WARNS U.N. CONFERENC NAG HAMMADI, Egypt  (BC-EGYPT-MILITANTS-NYT) One day after carrying out a fatal attack on foreign tourists, Egypt's most violent Muslim militant group warned all foreigners to stay away from a United Nations conference on population in Cairo next month ``for the sake of their own lives.'' ``The Islamic Group advises all foreigners taking part in the licentiousness conference known as the population conference, which all sectors of the Egyptian people have rejected,'' the Islamic Group said in a fax to foreign news organizations in Cairo.
He said a similar policy was imposed against the surviving illegal Chinese migrants smuggled aboard the Golden Venture, after that ship went aground on Long Island.
Although dressed in bright orange detention center jumpsuits, they beamed after agreeing to be interviewed on Friday, saying it was better to be in a detention camp than to stay behind in Cuba.
One hand washes the other.'' -- Sam Stern of New Square, N.Y., after Gov.
But, after having reached the third round or better at all four majors earlier in his career, Woodbridge accepted his victory over the Swede with sober enthusiasm.
But after the cruiser Vincennes shot down an Iranian passenger plane in 1988, killing all 290 people aboard, Washington paid $2.9 million to the families.
``For six months after I lost, it just kept eating away at me, and I hated it, hated coming so close and losing,'' said Sampras.
Boris Becker, with his pair of hardcourt titles and 11-1 summertime record, was basking in his omnipotence a week ago after winning the New Haven (Conn.) final when he was abruptly brought back to reality by a question about the Open.
Perhaps the partners would sell the Knicks to Nike, which dropped out after earlier expressing a desire to buy the Garden, and the Rangers to some other company.
Perhaps the partners would sell the Knicks to Nike, which dropped out after earlier expressing a desire to buy the Garden, and the Rangers to some other company.
It started with the favorite, Thunder Rumble, who missed 18 months of racing after ankle surgery but returned to Saratoga three weeks ago with a dramatic four-length victory in the Saratoga Cup.
Then the New York racing scene will shift downstate, where it reopens next Friday at Belmont Park after a three-day intermission for relocating and stabling 1,800 horses.
He made the comment after Go for Gin ran third at Saratoga on Wednesday in the Forego Handicap, a stepping stone to the Woodward.
``The points went really fast after that,'' Reneberg said afterward.
A relative unknown until recently, Kafelnikov has risen to the brink of the top 10 a year after qualifying for this tournament as the No. 148-ranked player.
Finally, after a sixth deuce, Reneberg put a forehand wide while trying for the line with an apparent open court in front of him.
Two of the wounds were in the back, and witnesses said DelDebbio had continued to fire as his colleague fell to the ground or after he had fallen.
DelDebbio, who was shot in the arm by another officer on the platform, was released from the hospital on Thursday after a distraught and apologetic bedside visit to Robinson.
His mother, Dahlia DelDebbio, wanted him to be a priest, and he briefly considered the possibility after years as an altar boy and a few months as a novice with an order of monks.
Even after he moved from being a staff sergeant in the military to the city police department in 1988, he remained in the reserves, and is still a squad leader with an M.P. company based in Uniondale, N.Y. DelDebbio spent four years in the 103d Precinct, receiving several commendations from residents and few complaints, according to police officials.
In March, after the hours of the late tour unit began to take a toll on his marriage to Denise DelDebbio, an accountant, DelDebbio received a transfer to the technical services unit of the Organized Crime Control Bureau, based at police headquarters.
COLUMNIST JAMES SLEEPER INJURED  (BC-NY-COLUMNIST-HURT-NYT) James Sleeper, a columnist for The Daily News, was listed in critical condition with serious head injuries Saturday at a hospital in Lenox, Mass., after a bicycle accident, police said.
Sleeper was found unconscious on the side of a steep road shortly after 9:30 a.m., with his rented gray 10-speed mountain bike almost on top of him, said Police Officer Anthony J.
He's no shark.'' The police received information leading them to Kramer shortly after the arrests in July of Randy Caggiano, 38, Robert Segal, 39, and Sandor Sebok, 39, who were charged with the robbery and shooting of a Maryland couple at Vera Wang Bridal House in March, investigators said.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) On Tuesday, after staking out the shop for seven weeks, an undercover officer offered Kramer $25,000 worth of jewelry that he told Kramer was stolen.
Because the undercover officer was concerned about losing the jewelry -- a genuine $18,000 diamond necklace and a $7,000 Omega watch -- he arrested Kramer and Nye right after the sale, the police said.
``We would have liked to have trailed him after the sale to see where the path led, but it was just too risky.'' Most of the jewelers along the short block between Eldridge and Forsyth Streets were critical of Kramer's business methods.
Many of North Lawndale's commercial buildings were burned in the riots after the assassination of the Rev.
He said he would present to Talley a silver plaque after her performance.
In the spring of 1929, three years after her debut, she retired.
The marriage was quickly annulled after Marion claimed that her husband defrauded her by promising to let her mother and sister live with her -- and then throwing them out.
``I was quite shocked at how low the premiums were compared to auto or medical insurance,'' said Jackson Peng, owner of the Asia Restaurant on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, after shopping for renters' insurance a few years ago.
It is, after all, the greatest novel ever written by an American.
And even 110 years after its publication, it continues to ring of truth, beauty and healing wisdom.
Panama, they said, has indicated it will take some Cuban refugees after its new Government takes office on Sept.
The concept of the best justice money can buy has been firmly re-established on the public consciousness in recent weeks, after all.
Two hours after the accident, Connors' blood-alcohol level measured 0.08 percent -- the minimum amount to be considered legally drunk.
He could be released on good behavior after serving about eight months.
8, 1941, when the police closed the Japanese restaurant Miyako, at 20 West 56th Street, after the bombing of Pearl Harbor.
Michelle Stein, vice president of sales and promotions for the company, which represents European designers, says that the company -- which paid $5.3 million for the building -- will use the upper floors for meetings and fashion display but is keen to maintain on the ground floor a top-quality restaurant ``that will cater to the fashion, music and art industries.'' She is happy, she says, that, after a long search she found 30 West 56th Street, because her company needs a wide showroom and meeting space, not found in a typical narrow brownstone.
But after the game restarted, Gentile threw five wild pitches and gave up seven hits.
After the delay and after a foul tip, Mora doubled to right field, where more than a foot of water had stood just two hours earlier.
``She's a lovable person.'' Then, after dropping Susan with the other bats, he snuck a prepractice dugout hug with another lovable person.
Hackett said Birden's increase in production came after Montana was injured and Dave Krieg exhibited confidence in him.
Making Bono, entering his 10th season, a third-string quarterback after three preseason games would be like downgrading a veteran racehorse on the basis of a few so-so workouts.
``Due to the warm weather after a short cold snap, we had a lot of people outside,'' he said.
The victim, Jean Mathiau, 49, of Elmont, N.Y., was shot once in the head after a dispute with an unknown gunman who fled, the police said.
On his touchdown, he flipped over Bishop after making the catch, but still hung on.
Hobert threw an interception on the next possession, and the four times they had the ball after that resulted in punts.
Just four days after being cut by the Raiders for the second time this season, Kors played most of the game at defensive back for the silver and black in an exhibition game against the Houston Oilers and wound up returning an interception for a touchdown.
``I told the guys the other day everybody has a chance to make the team,'' Raiders coach Art Shell said after Saturday's 24-23 victory at the Astrodome.
DIRECTOR OF BROOKLYN MEDICAL CENTER TENDERS RESIGNATION NEW YORK  (BC-NY-HOSP-RESIGN-NYT) The executive director of the Woodhull Medical and Mental Health Center, in Brooklyn, N.Y., has agreed to resign after a meeting on Friday with the president of the New York City Health and Hospitals Corp., a spokesman for the corporation said on Saturday.
Final site plan approval is expected from both towns by next month, after which construction will start, said Mark R.
There was disappointment in the faces of 14 Northridge Little Leaguers on Saturday night after a 4-3 defeat to Maracaibo, Venezuela, in the championship game of the Little League World Series.
It has been one challenge after another for these Northridge Little Leaguers, all of whom live near the epicenter of last January's destructive Northridge Earthquake.
The delay appeared to affect Northridge players more than the ones from Venezuela, which quickly scored after the game resumed and then maintained its momentum throughout.
Sure enough, an hour after the game Matt Fisher was eating cake in the players' dining room and able to look back with a more realistic attitude.
``It's just they (Venezuela) played a real good game and outplayed us after the rain delay,'' Fisher said.
Galloway says it will look like the pavilions set up at Arlington Park after the Illinois track burned down in 1988 -- and like the temporary classrooms in use at Cal State Northridge since the earthquake.
There was disappointment in the faces of 14 Northridge Little Leaguers on Saturday night after a 4-3 defeat to Maracaibo, Venezuela, in the championship game of the Little League World Series.
It has been one challenge after another for these Northridge Little Leaguers, all of whom live near the epicenter of last January's destructive Northridge Earthquake.
The delay appeared to affect Northridge players more than the ones from Venezuela, which quickly scored after the game resumed and then maintained its momentum throughout.
Sure enough, an hour after the game Matt Fisher was eating cake in the players' dining room and able to look back with a more realistic attitude.
``It's just they (Venezuela) played a real good game and outplayed us after the rain delay,'' Fisher said.
24 sentencing after pleading guilty to racketeering, attempting to burn down a competing nightclub and arranging the murder of his former business partner.
``It became a multimillion-dollar business which my uncle was ultimately killed over.'' Officials said Banerjee had DeNoia murdered in April 1987 after a bitter legal dispute over the touring rights to the Chippendale's show, which drew at least $25,000 in weekly profits during the club's 1980s heyday.
``But after awhile it came to the point where he didn't think Banerjee was much of a person.'' (2ND TAKE FOLLOWS.) 
In 1987, a few years after DeNoia and Banerjee had become business partners, DeNoia sued Banerjee for violating their touring agreement by taking his own Chippendale's revue on the road.
In the months after DeNoia's slaying, Banerjee's attorneys filed a court motion seeking to void any claim by DeNoia's estate to the Chippendales touring group.
Prosecutors and other law enforcement officials won't say why police failed to build a case sooner against Banerjee, and declined to comment until after Banerjee's sentencing.
Even Baca admitted he was emotionally weakened after coming out in front of 35,000 people, then having to return to the team dorm and wait for three hours.
Northridge also lost one of its best hitters, center fielder Nathaniel Dunlap, after he suffered a possible broken thumb fouling off a pitch in the third inning.
But everybody in the Valley is going to be after them with convertibles, four periods of study hall ...'' Gentile, an eighth grader, is undecided about high school.
CALLING ALL BOOKING AGENTS: LITTLE LEAGUERS ARE FUNNY, TOO  (BC-BBO-SONDHEIMER COLUMN-LADN) After Northridge, Calif., won the U.S. championship game of the Little League World Series on Thursday, one of the greatest moments of their young lives, guess what the first reaction was from catcher Matt Cunningham after coming off the field?
These 14 Northridge Little Leaguers had to settle for second-best in the world after losing to Maracaibo, Venezuela, 4-3, Saturday.
Baca ought to head straight for the roulette tables of Las Vegas after his uncanny ability to choose the right starting pitcher over the past seven weeks.
(HarperCollins, $24.) A woman tries to cope after an act of violence destroys her perfect family life.
All nine presidents since the days of Eisenhower have sought to take the approach recommended by then-Vice President Richard Nixon as he emerged from his Washington office with his arm around the Cuban leader after they met there in April 1959: ``We're going to work with this man.'' Nixon himself would later negotiate an anti-air-hijacking agreement with Castro.
But Castro unilaterally abrogated the anti-hijacking agreement after blaming the United States for the bombing of a Cuban airliner.
``Every time an American president takes office, Castro starts by throwing bouquets,'' said Franqui, who fought in the Sierra Maestra with Castro and wrote ``Family Portrait With Fidel'' after breaking with him.
is that after 35 years of Castro's rule, the hard line against him has failed to get rid of him.'' With the Communist bloc gone, ``our best service to the Cuban people now would be to build pressure from within by actively stimulating Cuba's contacts with the free world,'' Nixon concluded.
According to the News of the World, one of London's shriller Sunday tabloids, Oliver Hoares, a longtime friend and counselor to both the princess and her estranged husband, Prince Charles, had called in the police last October after months of fielding calls in which he picked up the receiver and the caller refused to say anything.
WASHINGTON'S PYRRHIC VACATION In the rush for the exits after the curtain finally fell last week on Capitol Hill, Bill Clinton and family took the lead.
``And that means that in the future we are going to see much more intense electoral competition.'' In the meantime, the exercise of a relatively free vote -- even after an unfair campaign -- is bound to force new accountability from a Zedillo government, especially after a turnout of more than 77 percent.
	POT OF GOLD, by Judith Michael, .........13...........6 	(Pocket, $6.99.) A mother and her 	teen-age daughter go on a spree after 	winning $60 million in a lottery.
long overdue.'' One of the women celebrated in its pages, the feminist poet Audre Lorde, is the author of THE MARVELOUS ARITHMETICS OF DISTANCE: Poems 1987-1992 (Norton, $8.95), a volume issued after her death in 1992.
	This memoir recounts the author's harrowing experiences trying to save lives in a Saigon field hospital nearly 30 years ago -- and her equally desperate attempt to regain her equilibrium after returning to the United States.
Vietnam is also depicted in DREAM BABY, by Bruce McAllister (Orb/Tom Doherty, $13.95), the story of an Army nurse who becomes a CIA pawn after she develops clairvoyant powers.
As Mr. Carter sees it, by paying the extra $115 a month, you will own your house after 30 years and have a $95,000 pool for retirement.
The Allstate Insurance Co., the nation's second-largest car insurer, after the State Farm Mutual Autombile Insurance Co., recently announced that it would ask for credit ratings when underwriting new auto policies in 39 states, including Texas, Florida and Connecticut.
If other assets are available, an individual retirement account should not be used for a bypass trust because distributions after your death will continue to be subject to income tax.
Except for the soft whir sprinkler system that is run by computers in the stadium basement and which pop up for a time first in right field, and then behind third base, and somewhere else after that, the playing field, the broad, wondrous sweeping diamond, was empty.
It was reminiscent of a recurring dream that Mickey Mantle had shortly after his retirement.
The basketball court was a center of controversy earlier in the season when Richard Kraft, the Yankees' vice president in charge of community relations, was forced to resign after supposedly telling a magazine reporter that kids hung ``like monkeys'' from the rims.
``It's been a long time, I'll tell you.'' He finally came up with Scott McPherson's ``Marvin's Room,'' which in 1990 moved to the Hartford Stage after opening at the Goodman the previous year.
Once, they erased a day's work on a mural after the building owner changed his mind about having a painting on his building.
Once, taggers struck on a wall at the old Greyhound station, a day after the TAG team painted over it.
That may be because Yuliya Hilpatrik is a pseudonym with an Irish flavor of some 30 Russian and Belarussian writers in Minsk who jointly crank out story after story based on the setting and characters in ``Gone With the Wind,'' as well as dozens of other unauthorized sequels and novelizations.
On page 182 of ``The Last Love of Scarlett,'' Rhett Butler sounds more like Raskolnikov in ``Crime and Punishment'' as he is overtaken by self-loathing after yet another fight with Scarlett: ``Rhett, not even glancing at his wife, silently pulled a revolver from his writing desk and forced it into Scarlett's hand.
The Russian government passed legislation in 1993 that seeks to protect intellectual property and authors' rights and stem the tidal wave of pirated books, cassettes and movies that began flooding the Russian market after Communism collapsed.
``We decided not to go after them because we realized it would go nowhere,'' said Gennadi Kusminov, a spokesman for Authors and Publishers Against Piracy, a society that represents 20 different Russian publishers.
Even after a coveted Saturday practice session on the Stadium Court at the National Tennis Center, that ominous concrete concoction where U.S. Open champions are made, Martinez didn't strut away convinced of her ability to seize a second career Grand Slam there.
``It's quite difficult to put your mind into this tournament,'' she said Saturday after a confusing array of practice sessions divided between Central Park, where each bounce is an adventure, and Flushing Meadows, where just getting there is a crusade.
And the harsh entry procedures highlight the fear many Israelis harbor after several recent assaults against Israeli civilians by Palestinian laborers.
The women and children are afraid of us.'' The Israeli government decided to reduce the inflow of workers after several attacks by Palestinian laborers against Israelis, including fatal stabbings.
``The Israelis closed off Gaza after the massacre in Hebron,'' said Iyad Abu Shamala, referring to the killing of Palestinian worshipers earlier this year by a Jewish settler.
There does not seem to be an alternative to the Palestinians.'' On the night Naban and his son arrived, the bustle at the Erez checkpoint, a stark stretch of asphalt with seven lanes, traffic booths, and concrete barricades, began not long after midnight when the first workers arrived to cross.
``I asked why,'' he said in an interview after announcing his departure, ``but they never gave me any reasons.'' The shake-up reportedly was not prompted by the racing association's long feud with Gov.
More than seven months after the 6.8-magnitude Northridge Quake sent him and millions of others scrambling from their beds into the predawn darkness, Tate still can't shake the emotional aftershocks.
The project continues to serve up to 16,000 people per week, according to director Patricia Mendoza, who said the number rises dramatically after every aftershock.
thinking `I should've been over these troubles by now.' '' Project Rebound was created after the Los Angeles riots of April 1992 and was revived for the fire storms of 1993, Hammond said.
In the spring months after the quake, the Chatsworth Emergency Service Center saw about 200 people per day, Hammond said.
Yet, the center also has seen people who experienced their first symptoms long after the quake -- a form of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, Hammond said.
Mental health experts said those with PTS can experience a multitude of symptoms -- the inability to concentrate, feelings of vulnerability or hopelessness, a loss of security, recurring nightmares, sadness or irritability -- after many months or even years.
And then I came back into the match.'' Down a break at 3-0 in the second set, Pioline motioned for the trainer and took some medicine for his stomach, which he said did not bother him after that.
And when Clinton did venture among the hoi polloi after an outdoor church service in Oak Bluffs, he got a reminder of just what he has fled Washington to avoid.
Movies can be repackaged for sale in the home-video market, and other television networks or individual stations may buy the rights to rerun them after they have been on Showtime.
Last week, after ABC moved the show from its home on Wednesday nights at 9, the show's creator and executive producer, Matt Williams, expressed his dismay.
``We know the show will be even better this season,'' Williams said in a statement issued after ABC announced it was moving ``Home Improvement'' to Tuesday nights at 9, the better to hold off a challenge from NBC's ``Frasier'' at that hour.
And the longer a show stays at the top, the more it will sell for in syndication, which usually begins after about five years on the air.
Shortly after the Geneva agreement was announced, the South Korean president, Kim Young-sam, offered to supply the technology and financing for the reactors if the North can assure that it has not developed or will not develop nuclear weapons.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide, would not take place until after the Cuban crisis is resolved and perhaps not until after the November elections in the United States, some administration officials say.
had earlier opposed Microsoft's trademark application and had filed a series of its own applications, including ``Turbo Windows'' and ``Windowsvision.'' But Borland withdrew those applications after it reached a settlement with Microsoft in September 1993.
The 401(k) plan, named after a section in the Internal Revenue Service code that created it, has been around since 1978.
But after the flurry of buying through the late 1980s, new Japanese investment has dropped off.
The belief that the Fed, headed by Greenspan, would not need to raise rates again, after the surprisingly large move on Aug.
The happiness with the Fed is in sharp contrast to the mood that has generally prevailed after the previous rounds of credit tightening, beginning in February, which sent bond prices down sharply.
The consensus is that the Fed, at worst, will stay on the sidelines until after the November election, and that if there is to be one more tightening, that will be the last one.
But after he spoke, several State Department officials said the administration might ease -- but not eliminate -- economic or travel restrictions against Cuba if Castro allowed more freedom of expression or free elections.
The United States and Cuba agreed to limited talks on immigration after Clinton rejected Castro's call last week for high-level talks on a range of subjects, including the trade embargo.
They said Panama had indicated that it would take some Cuban refugees, perhaps 10,000, after its new government takes power on Sept.
Her 18-year-old mother, Judy, had been picked up by the Coast Guard with family members a week ago, after four days at sea in an open raft.
Ms. Tejeda started to go into labor after being taken aboard the Coast Guard cutter and was transferred by helicopter to Key West, where Miss Liberty was born two days later.
``I am so thankful to be free in the United States,'' Ms. Tejeda said Sunday after arriving at her grandmother's home in Hialeah, a working-class city just north of Miami International Airport.
Her 18-year-old mother, Judy, had been picked up by the Coast Guard with family members a week ago, after four days at sea in an open raft.
Ms. Tejeda started to go into labor after being taken aboard the Coast Guard cutter and was transferred by helicopter to Key West, where Miss Liberty was born two days later.
``I am so thankful to be free in the United States,'' Ms. Tejeda said Sunday after arriving at her grandmother's home in Hialeah, a working-class city just north of Miami International Airport.
RELATIONS WITH CHINA STILL STRAINED BEIJING  (BC-CHINA-U.S.-RIGHTS-925(2TAKES)-NYT) Three months after China's ``most favored nation'' trade status was renewed, human rights conditions here have continued to deteriorate, and relations with Washington, instead of moving to a new and more constructive stage, remain mired in mistrust and contentiousness.
United Press International withdrew a correspondent after the Foreign Ministry implied it would be difficult for the agency to receive credentials for other correspondents.
China's most famous dissident, Wei Jingsheng, released last September after serving most of a 15-year prison sentence, has not been heard from since his rearrest in April.
The Clinton administration's high-level dialogue on human rights with the Chinese has been suspended since March after the State Department's top human rights official, John Shattuck, met with Wei and carried back a message asking Clinton to keep the pressure on China to begin releasing its thousands of religious and political detainees.
The president offered the new Constitution after seizing near-dictatorial powers in April 1992, dissolving Congress and the courts.
Even before that, Graf had misplaced the dominance that she had shown after Monica Seles was stabbed and dropped out of tennis.
Wang Dan, a student leader in the Tiananmen Square movement, was briefly detained Saturday after weeks of surveillance.
Wei Jingsheng, China's leading democracy activist, who was harassed during Christopher's visit, soon after disappeared into the labyrinth of China's penal system and has not been heard from since.
And when Clinton did venture among the hoi polloi after an outdoor church service in Oak Bluffs, he got a reminder of just what he has fled Washington to avoid.
Her 18-year-old mother, Judy, had been picked up by the Coast Guard with family members a week ago, after four days at sea in an open raft.
Ms. Tejeda started to go into labor after being taken aboard the Coast Guard cutter and was transferred by helicopter to Key West, where Miss Liberty was born two days later.
``I am so thankful to be free in the United States,'' Ms. Tejeda said Sunday after arriving at her grandmother's home in Hialeah, a working-class city just north of Miami International Airport.
Her 18-year-old mother, Judy, had been picked up by the Coast Guard with family members a week ago, after four days at sea in an open raft.
Ms. Tejeda started to go into labor after being taken aboard the Coast Guard cutter and was transferred by helicopter to Key West, where Miss Liberty was born two days later.
``I am so thankful to be free in the United States,'' Ms. Tejeda said Sunday after arriving at her grandmother's home in Hialeah, a working-class city just north of Miami International Airport.
In an interview after the speech, he said he was not aware that Greenspan had publicly endorsed the idea of setting a single target for the Federal Reserve of fighting inflation.
Cubans who live near the coast and others who have been camping out on the beaches preparing to flee said that, until Sunday, no security forces had interfered with the surge of people making their way to the Florida Straits after Castro relaxed his measures to keep Cubans from fleeing and President Clinton tightened his policy on admitting Cuban refugees.
The mass migrations began after a speech by Castro on Aug.
CORNHUSKERS DOMINATE MOUNTAINEERS, 31-0 IN `UGLY' KICKOFF CLASSIC EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J.  (BC-FBC-KICKOFF-300&ADD-NYT) Kevin Steele, Nebraska's linebacker coach, burst into a defensive linemen meeting recently to inform a certain gruff nose guard -- the one with the crew cut and wearing a Peterbilt tattoo on his left bicep -- that he planned to name a new defensive adjustment after him.
Nebraska had eight sacks, stunting and blitzing at its leisure and looking splendid eight months after giving Florida State fits before falling just short in the Orange Bowl.
Cornhusker fans littered the field with oranges after the first two touchdowns, juicy reminders of their post-season goal.
Frazier gave Nebraska a few moments of anxiety, rising gingerly from the turf while clutching his right throwing shoulder after being hit in the third quarter.
Nehlen was still adamant that because his Mountaineers were 11-0 after the regular season last year, they should have, indeed, met Nebraska for the national title, claiming that a team like Florida State, which ``stubbed its toe,'' should not have been included in the picture.
``I'm not worried about the Heisman,'' said Frazier, who gave Nebraska fans a scare when he got up slowly after being hit midway through the third quarter.
5 U.S. AGENTS MISSING AFTER CRASH IN PERU WASHINGTON  (BC-DEA-PERU-CRASH-NYT) Five agents from the Drug Enforcement Administration are missing after their twin-engine jet crashed in Peru, the agency said Sunday.
The plane, carrying two pilots and three enforcement officers, disappeared Saturday after leaving an air base in Santa Lucia, a U.S.-financed installation in the upper Huallaga Valley, where most of the world's cocaine originates.
Both coaches are coming off exceptional seasons, but now they're sampling life after the departure of players who were linchpins to their programs in recent years.
``I'm riding a horse named Frank,'' he said, ``and I'll be back after Labor Day.'' Gutkowski, who became president of the MSG Network in 1985 and has been running the entire Garden operation since September 1991, said he had developed a pleasant, rancor-free relationship with Charles Dolan, the chairman of Cablevision.
And after he lagged the putt from somewhere near 30 feet to tap-in distance, and Kuehne couldn't get up and down from just off the green, Tiger Woods had won it all.
As a result of such doubts, it may be months or even years before the long-term winners and losers can be identified after the months-long battle for the package, which includes the Madison Square Garden arena, the New York Knicks basketball team and New York Rangers hockey team, and the MSG Network.
Liberty Media Corp., the other bidder, apparently dropped out after declining to raise its $1 billion offer.
Malone, the tough president of Tele-Communications, who is known to walk away from even the most glamorous deals -- as he did in February after months of negotiating a planned $33 billion merger with Bell Atlantic Corp.
In the Garden bidding, after many companies had been expressing interest in the properties all summer, the first formal bids were made on Aug.
Robert Bowman, the chief financial officer of ITT, said in an interview after Sunday's news conference that ITT's first bid had been $1.055 billion.
The delegation could go from eight white Democrats in 1990 to one after this year.
Susanna was born in Key West, Fla., after Ms. Tejeda and other Cuban refugees were rescued from a raft.
And the harsh entry procedures highlight the fear many Israelis harbor after several recent assaults against Israeli civilians by Palestinian laborers.
Susanna was born in Key West, Fla., after Ms. Tejeda and other Cuban refugees were rescued from a raft.
And the harsh entry procedures highlight the fear many Israelis harbor after several recent assaults against Israeli civilians by Palestinian laborers.
Susanna was born in Key West, Fla., after Ms. Tejeda and other Cuban refugees were rescued from a raft.
And the harsh entry procedures highlight the fear many Israelis harbor after several recent assaults against Israeli civilians by Palestinian laborers.
And incredibly in the hours after the Giants lost to the Chicago Bears, 27-21, at Soldier Field, players were saying that they would not be surprised if Bailey were benched in favor of Corey Widmer, a third-year player out of Montana State who the players say is well-liked by the coaching staff.
The board was created after American creditors led by Citibank complained of interference by the Canadian administrator in the affairs of the American subsidiary.
The letters were delivered by fax after 5:00 p.m. on Friday, not long after Shinn and Zucotti left a meeting with a five-member committee of Canadian creditors.
There was no indication at that meeting of a move to dismiss the directors, but shortly after Shinn and Zucotti left, representatives for Royal Bank of Canada, National Bank of Canada and the Hongkong & Shanghai Bank voted for the removal, while Sanwa Bank and the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce voted against, according to sources with knowledge of the meeting.
Shortly after the Bell Atlantic Corp.
And after the Bell Atlantic deal collapsed in February, the merger mania subsided quickly.
John Offerdahl, the Miami Dolphins' five-time Pro Bowl linebacker, retired after eight seasons of endless injuries.
Last year, after four games, he lost his starting job to Jerome Bettis, and the rookie finished with 1,429 yards.
``Don't forget to bring the coffee,'' Esiason said with a smile after one practice.
The Jets cut him after three games, following a six-week-long experiment to make him a deep kicker.
In the interview, Reuter said that he was not prepared to run in next year's campaign for mayor, but that he would serve if asked by party leaders after the election.
I told him that after the game.'' 	Miller didn't take it so easy on the rest of the Bears, leading all Giant defenders with eight tackles.
``I want to protect New Yorkers,'' said Norman Weissman, 50, after dropping by the 78th Precinct to pick up his phone.
Less than 24 hours after being the toast of the team, Jordan was traded by the Los Angeles Raiders on Sunday to the Green Bay Packers for an undisclosed draft choice.
The news didn't surprise the receiver, even though it came only hours after his spectacular touchdown reception against the Houston Oilers helped the Raiders win an exhibition game 24-23 at the Astrodome.
But that provision was eliminated after heavy lobbying by the automakers, according to Suzanne Wierbinski, Escutia's chief of staff.
SPECIAL REPORT: WHAT WENT WRONG WASHINGTON  (BC-HEALTHCARE-RECAP-ART-7TAKES-NYT) In March 1993, two months after his inauguration, President Clinton appealed to Robert C.
Bill Clinton of Arkansas did not campaign on the issue as hard as some of his rivals did, but it fit neatly with his overarching campaign promise: to look after the forgotten middle class and use the government to improve the economy and ease their lot.
In the absence of a detailed proposal from the White House, Stark said, ``we were paralyzed.'' Last month, long after the task force went out of business, the Clinton administration was still defending the secrecy of its operations in U.S. District Court.
``At long last, after decades of false starts, we must make this our most urgent priority: giving every American health security, health care that can never be taken away, health care that is always there.'' The speech, and the succeeding weeks, had been planned like a long political campaign.
It was months before that effort was even begun, after the other side's argument was firmly planted.
The administration's biggest tormentor, after small-business lobbyists, was probably the Health Insurance Association of America, which began running television advertisements ridiculing the Clinton plan in September 1993.
Robert Reischauer, the director of the Congressional Budget Office, was usually the man who delivered the bad news -- to committees, to rump groups, to the ad hoc gatherings that wrestled one after another with the same insoluble issues.
John Dingell, D-Mich., the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, offered one compromise after another to soften the burden of an employer mandate.
As Carter sees it, by paying the extra $115 a month, you will own your house after 30 years and have a $95,000 pool for retirement.
``We must roughly double our workforce quickly (during the next 12 to 18 months) and double it again in a similar period after that,'' Kenetech's president, Gerald Alderson, told shareholders in February.
She and her brother, Kyo Chang Chee, arrived shortly after 7:30 a.m. at the squat, two-story concrete block building in an area of light industries in Queens that houses the Sung Lim Presbyterian Church.
Chief of Department John Timoney theorized that whoever shot the minister had tried to cover up the crime by setting him on fire but that after the murderer left the fire had gone out.
ORTHO'S ACCOUNT PLACED IN REVIEW  (BC-BRIEFS-ADS-MEDIA-2TAKES-NYT) The Solaris Group division of the Monsanto Co. has placed in review its Ortho lawn and garden products account after three years at J.
The resignation came a month after Cole & Weber in Seattle was named as the first agency to handle a new line of Ortho products.
	The Krystal Co., a fast-food chain in Chattanooga, Tenn., has ended its relationship with Publicis/Bloom in Dallas after four years.
Eddie DeBartolo's patience is wearing thin after four years without a title.
Fans resent players' salaries because they're just ``playing a game.'' One woman wrote me that players were getting huge salaries for doing something others do after work for enjoyment.
If, after all this, you still think prices are too high, remember this: Nobody is holding a gun at your head.
She attended the College of Staten Island, and after graduation she became a medical laboratory technician at Hunter College.
And after they adjusted their bulletproof vests to be as inconspicuous under their summer garments as possible, they set out on the southbound G train.
Fans resent players' salaries because they're just ``playing a game.'' One woman wrote me that players were getting huge salaries for doing something others do after work for enjoyment.
If, after all this, you still think prices are too high, remember this: Nobody is holding a gun at your head.
For McAnally, Paseana's 30th start -- and 18th victory -- was cause for concern, since it followed a five-month layoff after a splint injury.
``I had my doubts, yeah,'' he said after Paseana paid $2.60.
Cubans who live near the coast and others who have been camping out on the beaches preparing to flee said that, until Sunday, no security forces had interfered with the surge of people making their way to the Florida Straits after Castro relaxed his measures to keep Cubans from fleeing and President Clinton tightened his policy on admitting Cuban refugees.
The mass migrations began after a speech by Castro on Aug.
The investigation led to the arrest of Richard Bailey, 65, a horse trader from Kentucky, who was charged with hiring a hitman to kill Miss Brach in 1977 after she threatened to report the horse insurance scheme to authorities.
SPECIAL REPORT: WHAT WENT WRONG WASHINGTON  (BC-HEALTHCARE-RECAP-ART-1STLD-WRITETHRU-7TAKES-NYT) In March 1993, two months after his inauguration, President Clinton appealed to Robert C.
Bill Clinton of Arkansas did not campaign on the issue as hard as some of his rivals did, but it fit neatly with his overarching campaign promise: to look after the forgotten middle class and use the government to improve the economy and ease their lot.
``The final decisions that we needed from the president in order to be able to finalize the policy were indefinitely postponed, and we didn't get them until after Labor Day because of the focus on the economic package,'' he said.
In the absence of a detailed proposal from the White House, Stark said, ``we were paralyzed.'' Last month, long after the task force went out of business, the Clinton administration was still defending the secrecy of its operations in U.S. District Court.
``At long last, after decades of false starts, we must make this our most urgent priority: giving every American health security, health care that can never be taken away, health care that is always there.'' The speech, and the succeeding weeks, had been planned like a long political campaign.
Although the team did not win the world title, losing the final game 4-3 to a squad from Venezuela, they were welcomed home as victors after emerging tops among the U.S. teams in the youth baseball playoffs.
It was months before that effort was even begun, after the other side's argument was firmly planted.
The administration's biggest tormentor, after small-business lobbyists, was probably the Health Insurance Association of America, which began running television advertisements ridiculing the Clinton plan in September 1993.
Robert Reischauer, the director of the Congressional Budget Office, was usually the man who delivered the bad news -- to committees, to rump groups, to the ad hoc gatherings that wrestled one after another with the same insoluble issues.
John Dingell, D-Mich., the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, offered one compromise after another to soften the burden of an employer mandate.
``Lincoln and I are driving each other crazy,'' Brodsky said Saturday, after team officials had decided their lack of faith in Coleman merited his release.
The Cowboys are carrying the full 53 players, which, after a veteran contract or two goes through some minor alterations, takes it to within about $300,000 under the $34.6 million salary cap.
Yesterday, after the preliminary decision had been made to release Coleman and keep Davis, Brodsky met with Cowboys management and was asked what the club would do for a running back in the Sept.
Recalls Arledge, ``When ``Monday Night Football'' first started, I used to come into my office, and literally there were boxes of mail saying, `Get that guy off.''' By the time Cosell left after the 1983 season, ``Monday Night Football'' had been on the air longer than prime-time heavyweights such as ``I Love Lucy,'' ``MASH'' and ``All in the Family.'' ``In the early years, ``Monday Night Football'' was a happening,'' says Dennis Lewin, ABC senior vice president of production who worked as a producer and co-producer on the Monday night telecasts during the 1970s.
Don't throw good oil money after the dream of owning the Dallas Cowboys.
And when I was looking at buying the club in '88, I was very concerned about the economy -- the economy's impact on entertainment and television.'' That conversation would continue to shape the NFL well after Jones had bought the Cowboys, run off two Hall-of-Fame architects of the franchise (Tex Schramm and Tom Landry) and brought in a college coach (Jimmy Johnson) to rebuild a fallen empire.
CBS was out in the cold after 38 consecutive winters of carrying the NFL.
Kiraly was examined and released after two and a half hours.
Earlier in the season, he was out four weeks after diving into a sign at the Boulder, Colo.
He spent the first seconds after his fall Sunday wondering if he was hurt again.
``As soon as I hit, I thought, `Oh no, I did the left one,''' said Kiraly, who added that after a few moments, he knew it wasn't that bad.
I was in total shock.'' People gathered in front of the stage for the awards ceremony were silent after the fall.
I thought he really could've been in trouble.'' Even after any fears about Kiraly were alleviated, the tournament finals still took a back seat.
Kiraly was examined and released after two and a half hours.
Earlier in the season, he was out four weeks after diving into a sign at the Boulder, Colo.
He spent the first seconds after his fall Sunday wondering if he was hurt again.
``As soon as I hit, I thought, `Oh no, I did the left one,''' said Kiraly, who added that after a few moments, he knew it wasn't that bad.
I was in total shock.'' People gathered in front of the stage for the awards ceremony were silent after the fall.
I thought he really could've been in trouble.'' Even after any fears about Kiraly were alleviated, the tournament finals still took a back seat.
31, after Romania abandons the Germans and surrenders to the Soviet Union.
Like generations of civic leaders before them, they learned the hard lessons of rebuilding after disaster.
State and local officials are banking on private industry to keep Mound's cluster of high-tech laboratories thriving long after the Energy Department leaves.
``The government didn't think of commercialization until after they decided to pull the money out.'' .
It's almost like we're giving up before we start.'' Larry Dosser, a research scientist at Mound's laser and photonics center, has been fighting for three years to keep his center going after it loses Department of Energy Work.
First, we'll translate the language in the AUTOEXEC.BAT line and then I'll show you how to use that knowledge to fix your computer -- using the emergency disk we've already made -- if it stops working after a new mouse or other gadget is installed.
Ludicrous assassination schemes, the botched Bay of Pigs invasion and diplomatic campaigns aimed at isolating him internationally all added to his revolutionary luster, remaining propaganda fodder for Havana long after the United States pledged, as part of the solution to the Cuban missile crisis of 1962, not to use force to overthrow Castro.
All nine presidents since the days of Eisenhower have sought to take the approach recommended by then-Vice President Richard Nixon as he emerged from his Washington office with his arm around the Cuban leader after they met there in April 1959: ``We're going to work with this man.'' Nixon himself would later negotiate an anti-air-hijacking agreement with Castro.
But Castro unilaterally abrogated the anti-hijacking agreement after blaming the United States for the bombing of a Cuban airliner.
``Every time an American president takes office, Castro starts by throwing bouquets,'' said Franqui, who fought in the Sierra Maestra with Castro and wrote ``Family Portrait With Fidel'' after breaking with him.
is that after 35 years of Castro's rule, the hard line against him has failed to get rid of him.'' With the Communist bloc gone, ``our best service to the Cuban people now would be to build pressure from within by actively stimulating Cuba's contacts with the free world,'' Nixon concluded.
(HarperCollins, $24.) A woman tries to cope after an act of violence destroys her perfect family life.
	POT OF GOLD, by Judith Michael, .........13...........6 	(Pocket, $6.99.) A mother and her 	teen-age daughter go on a spree after 	winning $60 million in a lottery.
long overdue.'' One of the women celebrated in its pages, the feminist poet Audre Lorde, is the author of THE MARVELOUS ARITHMETICS OF DISTANCE: Poems 1987-1992 (Norton, $8.95), a volume issued after her death in 1992.
	This memoir recounts the author's harrowing experiences trying to save lives in a Saigon field hospital nearly 30 years ago -- and her equally desperate attempt to regain her equilibrium after returning to the United States.
Vietnam is also depicted in DREAM BABY, by Bruce McAllister (Orb/Tom Doherty, $13.95), the story of an Army nurse who becomes a CIA pawn after she develops clairvoyant powers.
``And that means that in the future we are going to see much more intense electoral competition.'' In the meantime, the exercise of a relatively free vote -- even after an unfair campaign -- is bound to force new accountability from a Zedillo government, especially after a turnout of more than 77 percent.
In the nearly three months since she went into hiding after the Bangladeshi government charged her with defaming Islam, she has been attacked by fundamentalists and by her fellow feminists, who blame her for drawing the mullahs' wrath.
Nine days ago, after fleeing to Sweden, Taslima Nasrin spoke for herself.
Even after ridding the country of the Pakistani military in 1971, Bangladesh remains an uncertain parliamentary democracy.
Speaker after speaker ridiculed the 56-year-old interior secretary.
Recently, after four hours' give-and-take with Western senators who are fighting to hold on to century-old subsidies for mining, grazing and timber interests, he came away looking refreshed.
With both houses of Congress in recess until after Labor Day, the chances of getting a properly designed bill passed this year are minimal at best.
In a case of mistaken identity, two police officers were felled by gunshots fired by fellow officers in the chaos that ensued after a teen-ager being chased by the police dropped his shotgun and it misfired.
According to the News of the World, one of London's shriller Sunday tabloids, Oliver Hoares, a longtime friend and counselor to both the princess and her estranged husband, Prince Charles, had called in the police last October after months of fielding calls in which he picked up the receiver and the caller refused to say anything.
WASHINGTON'S PYRRHIC VACATION In the rush for the exits after the curtain finally fell last week on Capitol Hill, Bill Clinton and family took the lead.
For, after six years of negotiation, haggling and an occasional burst of statesmanship, the crime legislation was the child of too many parents.
The White House reluctantly agreed to accept this provision and was rewarded by Giuliani's staunch lobbying after the bill stumbled in the House.
As Mr. Carter sees it, by paying the extra $115 a month, you will own your house after 30 years and have a $95,000 pool for retirement.
The Allstate Insurance Co., the nation's second-largest car insurer, after the State Farm Mutual Autombile Insurance Co., recently announced that it would ask for credit ratings when underwriting new auto policies in 39 states, including Texas, Florida and Connecticut.
If other assets are available, an individual retirement account should not be used for a bypass trust because distributions after your death will continue to be subject to income tax.
As Carter sees it, by paying the extra $115 a month, you will own your house after 30 years and have a $95,000 pool for retirement.
``So when he didn't call I knew something was wrong.'' At 20 after midnight Williams's boss called to say he hadn't shown up for work.
But after the flurry of buying through the late 1980s, new Japanese investment has dropped off.
He also said the archdiocese hopes to avoid the kind of problems that Catholic officials in Denver ran into with their merchandiser after the papal visit to that city last year.
``But I did stand my ground and asked to be seated outside the Rush room.'' My colleague Sue Stevens discovered in researching a European trip that Hertz has the best car-rental rates; however, angry that Hertz kept O.J. Simpson employed after his wife abuse was known, Stevens went with another agency.
I had landed in Detroit the previous day after the first plane ride of my life.
Asked just after I had noticed the overabundance of quarterbacks what I intended to play, I had immediately switched to ``running back, left half.'' My drivers from the airport had a brief, deadly and subtle response.
So it's midnight, and we're at the end of an hourlong conversation almost 30 years after we made these pledges.
Inevitably, many political sentiments look outdated after a century or two.
The Germans had to drop the first two verses of ``Deutschland uber Alles'' after the Second World War because they were doubly politically incorrect in sounding both sexist and expansionist.
For 10 years after the fall of Stalin, the Soviet Union decided not to order new words for its anthem.
Inevitably, many political sentiments look outdated after a century or two.
The Germans had to drop the first two verses of ``Deutschland uber Alles'' after the Second World War because they were doubly politically incorrect in sounding both sexist and expansionist.
For 10 years after the fall of Stalin, the Soviet Union decided not to order new words for its anthem.
He claims that after he left the institute in 1992, Pauling repeatedly claimed credit for Rath's ideas about heart disease in media interviews.
Pauling's son, Honolulu psychiatrist Dr. Linus Pauling Jr., who took over the institute after his father stepped down as president in 1992, didn't return calls.
The letter claims the Pauling staff ``cannot even find 50 file drawers full of documents and over 300 magnetic data tapes'' containing data from Robinson's research after he left the institute in the 1970s.
Workers must also undergo a strip search before and after every shift, and are captive in the plant all day.
Shah Jahan grieved for two full years after his wife's death, wearing drab clothes and forsaking music.
Shah Jahan grieved for two full years after his wife's death, wearing drab clothes and forsaking music.
Now, as to coyness: after the disk drive debacle, the data had departed.
On Compuserve, many tape drive users reported an inability to restore their data after they had backed it up.
It is, after all, the greatest novel ever written by an American.
And even 110 years after its publication, it continues to ring of truth, beauty and healing wisdom.
But after that the costs go down a little.
It is huge, loud and packed, but a sense of fun pervades at this brew pub named after Denver's first sheriff.
Criticized for creating a disposable camera, Kodak started the first recycling program in 1990, three years after introducing the one-use camera in the United States.
RWANDA GORILLAS APPEAR SAFE FROM CIVIL WAR FIGHTING NAIROBI, Kenya  (BC-GORILLA-SCI-581&ADD-NYT) Nearly all of the 60 rare mountain gorillas under daily scientific observation in Rwanda were found alive by researchers this month after fears that they might have been harmed during the civil war.
Since civil war broke out in Rwanda in October 1990 and escalated after the death of Rwanda's President, Maj.
Steklis, the executive director of the Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund, named after the conservationist who pioneered research on the gorillas in the 1970s, said the biggest threat to the unaccounted for gorillas came not so much from fighting as the intrusion into the forest of thousands of people.
The reason most photographs of lions show them in trees is because they were put there after being tracked by packs of dogs.
He selects the glass from which he sips water while he's onstage, as well as three glasses that Christensen will fill with Czech beer (Pilsner Urquell) shortly before his performance is over (so that they're ready for him to drink immediately after he walks offstage).
They knew the ambient temperature at the crime scene and how quickly the human body cools after death.
A car filled with police loyal to Haiti's de facto government appeared almost magically within minutes after the killing.
``Some people had to be carried across on stretchers because they were so exhausted.'' 	U.N. and International Red Cross officials said they fear the Serbs will in days ahead expel thousands more Muslims, including all of the 5,000 or so left over in the Bijeljina area after Djurkovic's gang and a Belgrade-based militia run by Zeljko Raznatovic, a convicted murderer with ties to Serbia's secret police, went on a killing spree in the town in the spring and summer of 1992 that left thousands of Muslims dead.
That's when he will start visiting his retail customers and showing his collection, continuing through November, after which he will go to Europe to buy fabrics for his next collection, for spring-summer 1995.
``I think it's better for my health to step out of the draw right now,'' said Korda, who made his decision Sunday evening after feeling the after-effects of a particularly painful practice session that afternoon.
Co-starring Meg Tilly as the not-entirely-committed Stoltz character's new, uncertain wife and ``A River Runs Through It's'' Craig Sheffer as his best friend and her increasingly ardent admirer, this nonviolent comedy, made by a big bunch of buddies, should have been like a party after the blood-soaked goings-on of ``Zoe'' and ``Pulp.'' ```Sleep With Me' was much more like the Six Day War for me,'' Stoltz said of the low-budget production, which was actually shot in a still-very-short 18 days.
RETURN ENGAGEMENT, WITHOUT REGRETS HOLLYWOOD  (BC-PUTTNAM-MOVIES-445(2TAKES)-NYT) It's been eight years since David Puttnam left Hollywood after a tumultuous reign as the chairman of Columbia Pictures.
Directed by John Frankenheimer, ``The Burning Season'' is based on the true story of Chico Mendes, a Brazilian peasant and labor organizer who was murdered in 1988 after challenging Brazilian ranchers and government forces who wanted to turn Amazon rain forests into pasture.
Most of the parents interviewed said they participate in Moms & Toddlers day primarily for the class, although they said they often stay after to swim.
Now she can picnic with other women or swim after dance therapy.
Some, like Dr. Francis Crick, the co-discoverer of the structure of DNA, believe that primitive forms of life might have landed and taken root on earth after drifting for many eons through space.
I just had to write a book after that.
It is a detective story of rare, dreamlike fascination: An alienated woman (Juliette Binoche) searches for her true identity -- lost in a tangled marriage to a famous man whose secret life begins unraveling only after his sudden death.
PMS disappears after menopause.
PMS disappears after menopause.
The camps were established in the years just after World War II, before Britain adopted restrictions on coastal development.
Or she could be describing what women may or may not choose to adopt after Labor Day.
You had to put on eyeglasses and go hands and knees to the floor looking for directions for operating the shower, which, after much fumbling among the plumbing, were found in small print on the bathtub faucet.
Still, it was a surprise when the ferry commandant, after broadcasting directions to the lifeboats and warnings to keep dogs away from the food counter, announced that smoking was prohibited by state law everywhere aboard ship.
He was acquitted of capital murder in 1977 after being accused of being the ``man in black'' who went on a shooting rampage in his west Fort Worth mansion.
Your first words, after being plucked back from the brink of eternity, are ``call my attorney.'' Clearly the restaurant and the beef industry are culpable for serving you a potentially lethal product.
Finally, a couple of years ago, Hailey relented, after it became clear that nothing more could be achieved with the play.
Clinton taught his lesson by betraying promises he made with his mouth while campaigning and with his pen after election -- to use higher tariffs on Chinese goods to pressure Beijing into human rights relief for Chinese and Tibetans.
How can Clinton preach human rights in Cuba as a reason for the embargo, and be believed, after reneging on a pledge to use a much milder economic weapon against China's greater tyranny?
Everett had been in the 1st Michigan Cavalry during the Civil War and settled here after that conflict.
He earned an M.D. at the University of Bologna in 1927, after which he took advanced studies there and at the University of Rome.
That was after they doubled the previous year.
A pair of cleaning women, for no apparent reason, are walking slowly one after the other, each dusting an already spotless railing.
Last week, after delaying the airport's opening four times, city officials and airline executives pledged that DIA would open on Feb.
In 1966, Jack Whitaker was bounced from the CBS Masters broadcasting team after referring to the galleries as ``a mob scene.'' 
``Some people had to be carried across on stretchers because they were so exhausted.'' U.N. and International Red Cross officials said they feared that the Serbs would in days ahead expel thousands more Muslims, including all of the 5,000 or so left in the Bijeljina area after the recent actions by Djurkovic's private militia and a Belgrade-based militia run by Zeljko Raznatovic.
Many of the 1,100 Muslims driven from the Bijeljina area in the last six weeks have given nearly identical versions of their ordeal, describing how men in green uniforms rousted them from their homes after midnight, gave them five minutes to pack up all their money and jewelry, and then bused them to a pheasant farm in the village of Suhopolje.
``Here I have no one and no where to go.'' ``The Serb refugees who wanted my house were paying the Bijeljina police to beat us,'' she said, referring to herself and a Muslim man named Ahmed with whom she shared one of the rooms in her house after the Serbs occupied the rest of the place.
Faulk asked Johnson if he could play in the offensive backfield for the Aztecs and Johnson said, ``Sure.'' Less than seven months later, after working his way from fifth string to second string at San Diego State, Faulk jogged onto the field against Pacific after starting Aztecs tailback T.C. Wright got injured.
Clinton taught his lesson by betraying promises he made with his mouth while campaigning and with his pen after election -- to use higher tariffs on Chinese goods to pressure Beijing into human rights relief for Chinese and Tibetans.
How can Clinton preach human rights in Cuba as a reason for the embargo, and be believed, after reneging on a pledge to use a much milder economic weapon against China's greater tyranny?
But the base lost contact with the plane shortly after it took off.
But the rise Monday, coming after last week's surge of 125.65 points, may signal a period of husbanding the market's gains in the usually quiet week before the long Labor Day weekend.
But Apple, the world's second-largest PC maker after Compaq Computer, confounded the skeptics with strong third-quarter results.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Indeed, more than half of all home PC sales for the year are expected to come after Sept.
The priest's body, removed from the murder scene by soldiers about one hour after the shooting, has not been released, Adrien said.
Kodak shares rose more than $1 after the announcement Monday and held the gain for the rest of the day.
AS LETTERMAN ENTERS NATIONAL CONSCIOUSNESS, ADVERTISERS TAKE NOTE NEW YORK  (BC-LETTERMAN-ADS-MEDIA-600&ADD-NYT) A year after David Letterman joined CBS and began transforming the landscape of late-night television, the success of his brand of sardonic humor is helping to reshape how consumers are being sold everything from automobiles to lingerie.
The coverage usually runs up to 90 days after the person is released from a hospital.
The proposal calls on the Serbs to accept 49 percent of Bosnia-Herzegovina, meaning that they would have to give up about a third of the territory they hold after 28 months of war in Bosnia, a state that has not known a day of peace since it became independent in April 1992.
``Our conviction is that at least some sanctions should be immediately lifted to reward Belgrade for its courageous approach, and this would strengthen the readiness among Serbs to go on the road to peace, that is accept the peace plan,'' Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev of Russia said on Monday after a whirlwind trip to Belgrade, Sarajevo, and Zagreb.
But after big losses to the Japanese in the late 1980s, the Germans and Swedes have surged back, while some of the Japanese -- in particular Toyota's luxury division, Lexus, and Honda's luxury division, Acura -- have struggled.
A few hours after the House blocked the crime bill on a 225-to-210 procedural vote on Aug.
21, after more than $3 billion was trimmed from it, and the Senate, after an acrimonious debate, passed it four days later.
``Now that seems to me to be a strategy for success.'' One of her staff members compares the day-and-night operation ``to any military unit.'' The phone-calling to rescue the crime bill after the House vote on Aug.
Ever since Murdoch's stunning pre-emptive strike blindsided CBS out of football after 38 years, Fox has been the focus of one basic question: Can a network that has never done sports equal CBS in quality?
But by being alive, I irritate Jerry.'' Jerry Glanville, fired after last season as coach of the Atlanta Falcons, didn't seem fazed at being an analyst for the first time.
A car filled with police loyal to Haiti's de facto government, an ambulance, and a justice of the peace appeared almost magically within minutes after the killing.
She is one of several hundred Muslims driven out by Bosnian Serbs in recent weeks in what U.N. officials describe as a new wave of ``ethnic cleansing.'' In the last few months, Miss Kartal's family lost everything, after clinging, for two years after the Bosnian war began in 1992, to the belief that it had found an accommodation with the Bosnian Serbs.
But after what has just happened to me, I say that there are no words to describe them.'' From Bijeljina in northern Bosnia, from Banja Luka in the northwest, and from Rogatica in eastern Bosnia, reports have been pouring in over the last several weeks of new evictions of several hundred Muslims.
But after that, the occasional killing and regular theft started, and the pressure mounted to leave Osave.'' There were about 70 Muslim homes in Osave with about 350 people living in them.
``Immediately after the 1992 election, the majority view was that George Bush lost because he wasn't enough like Clinton.
One after another, and then by the dozens, rafts began appearing in the water in front of Havana's oceanfront, known as the Malecon, and a few miles east at Cojimar, which has become the main launching point for those who want to escape from Cuba.
``I learned to read and write after the revolution,'' he said proudly.
``Maybe a brain injury,'' Ivanisevic, whose bizarre sense of humor often takes its material from his bizarre results, deadpanned after he contributed 60 unforced errors to the upset victory by Markus Zoecke, 6-2, 7-5, 3-6, 7-5.
``I feel like I'm playing my best tennis, and that's a feeling you need to have in order to win a tournament like this,'' Agassi said after his 82-minute workout.
But here at the Open, where he once responded to a charge of tanking a match by acquiescing in a handwritten letter of apology to the authorities, Ivanisevic has never passed the fourth round after seven appearances.
``Making them more impoverished than they already are won't make them better soldiers to bring him down.'' ``Besides, what will be left after a civil war?'' he asked.
Two swimmers who might well have gone to Rome, Zhong Weiyue and Ren Xin, have been disqualified from competition after testing showed higher than normal levels of testosterone-epitestosterone in their urine samples.
Zhong's drug use was discovered in February, after record-setting performances in Spain and Russia.
Ren's was detected earlier this month after winning three gold medals at the Goodwill Games in St. Petersburg.
An early version of the bill, which specifically referred to bias based on sexual orientation, was revised after several conservative legislators said they would not vote for that.
Last Friday, police officers from Dallas and Irving captured Edwin Bernard Perkins, 33, who was on parole from the Arkansas prison system after serving sentences for aggravated robbery, attempted murder and carrying a prohibited weapon.
The Open, after all, is not like a basketball or hockey playoff series.
A year ago on Day 1 at the Open, Seles came to Queens, N.Y., to grumble about how women's tennis was doing her dirty by not protecting her No. 1 ranking after she was stabbed by a German fan of Steffi Graf's on April 30, 1993.
``First and foremost, the game needs rivalries,'' Agassi said after dismissing a qualifier named Robert Eriksson in straight sets.
He offered that assessment of current circumstances after speaking with Richard Ravitch, the owners' chief labor executive, and Donald Fehr, the head of the union.
The proposal was to move back that deadline to three days after a strike settlement is reached, assuming there is still time to play the post-season.
ANTITRUST INQUIRY OPENS ON DEAL FOR THE GARDEN NEW YORK  (BC-MADISON-SQUARE-300&ADD-NYT) Following up on a threat he made after ITT and Cablevision Systems announced they would purchase Madison Square Garden from Viacom Inc., the New York state attorney general said Monday that he was opening an antitrust investigation of the proposed deal.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The United States and Cuba agreed to meet on immigration after the Clinton administration requested the talks to resolve the current refugee crisis.
Military officials said several thousand Haitians had been taken back to Haiti after despairing of being accepted elsewhere.
The budget commission, a nonprofit city government monitoring group that usually focuses on financial matters, decided to venture into the poverty debate after the 1992 riots in Los Angeles.
Overall spending on welfare in the city is 20 percent lower than in 1975 after adjustment for inflation, while the number of families on welfare has increased by 6 percent during the same time.
A partner with the Chicago-based firm said Monday that Baker & McKenzie's senior partners decided to withdraw the offer after an article in The New York Times on Monday pointed out potential ethical violations.
One month ago Serbs forced her out of her home after threatening to kill her.
One month ago Serbs forced her out of her home after threatening to kill her.
One month ago Serbs forced her out of her home after threatening to kill her.
He joined the Raiders for their afternoon workout Monday, but only after a word of advice from Hostetler.
Appearing happy and fit and dressed in a madras shirt and dark jacket, Wachtler, 64, embraced his son Philip at La Guardia Airport Monday morning after arriving from the Federal Medical Center in Rochester, Minn., where he had served a 15-month sentence for threatening to kidnap the teen-age daughter of his former lover, Joy Silverman.
This is Bed-Stuy; he could get beat up here.'' Wachtler's wife, Joan, and son declined to be interviewed and sped away from the facility moments after Wachtler went in.
Silverman's daughter after Mrs.
	Crude oil prices surged after Nigeria made fresh threats against striking oil workers.
