WITNESS SAYS O.J. SIMPSON BOUGHT KNIFE WEEKS BEFORE SLAYINGS LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-KILLINGS-1stLd-3Takes-Writethru-LADN) With the nation's attention riveted again on a Los Angeles courtroom, a knife dealer testified that O.J. Simpson bought a 15-inch knife five weeks before the slashing deaths of his ex-wife and her friend.
Three witnesses testified before the hearing was recessed at 4:30 p.m., including the co-owner and a store clerk at Ross Cutlery, where Simpson was said to have purchased a knife while filming a TV pilot outside.
Asked by Shapiro whether he had been told by prosecutors not to talk to anybody about the Simpson case, Camacho -- who testified before the Los Angeles County grand jury -- replied that he had been given conflicting orders.
Nigeria got its goals from Finidi George, in the last minute before halftime, and Daniel Amokachi, on injury time at the end of the game.
 (BC-SIMPSON-KILLINGS-2ndtake-LADN) He testified that Nicole Simpson Brown's party left around 8:30 p.m. -- about one or one and a half hours before Goldman ended his shift and left the restaurant.
``We can't police people.'' Most witnesses spoke to police before speaking to the media, Clark noted, adding that it was ``human nature'' for some to yield to the prospect of being paid for their information.
Mulholland avoided serious damage in the fourth when he walked the bases loaded with two outs before being rescued by Velarde's superb backhanded play at third and his long throw on Rowland's grounder.
Scoring is way up from four years ago (92 goals this year compared to 82 in '90), the action is better and, coupled with more yellow cards and the no-backpass rule, there is more end-to-end action than before.
5, 1967 Del Mar Handicap, came just eight days before his death of a ruptured intestine.
It may be a few more years before the small-town Kansas native retires to a life of hunting and fishing.
POLICE INITIALLY SEARCHED WITHOUT WARRANT, SHAPIRO SAYS LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-SUPPRESS-2Takes-LADN) Hoping to discredit key evidence before it is entered in court, O.J. Simpson's defense team has won a hearing into whether police conducted a warrantless search -- tainting evidence seized at Simpson's estate.
WITNESS SAYS O.J. SIMPSON BOUGHT KNIFE WEEKS BEFORE SLAYINGS LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-KILLINGS-2ndLd-3Takes-Writethru-LADN) With the nation's attention riveted again on a Los Angeles courtroom, a knife dealer testified that O.J. Simpson bought a 15-inch knife five weeks before the slashing deaths of his ex-wife and her friend.
Three witnesses testified before the hearing was recessed at 4:30 p.m., including the co-owner and a store clerk at Ross Cutlery, where Simpson was said to have purchased a knife while filming a TV pilot outside.
Asked by Shapiro whether he had been told by prosecutors not to talk to anybody about the Simpson case, Camacho -- who testified before the Los Angeles County grand jury -- replied that he had been given conflicting orders.
 (BC-SIMPSON-KILLINGS-2ndLd-2ndtake-Writethru-LADN) He testified that Nicole Simpson Brown's party left around 8:30 p.m. -- about one or one and a half hours before Goldman ended his shift and left the restaurant.
``We can't police people.'' Most witnesses spoke to police before speaking to the media, Clark noted, adding that it was ``human nature'' for some to yield to the prospect of being paid for their information.
``Hopefully, I can represent Kansas City well because the people here have really supported me.'' Dumas, a 6-foot-6 guard from Memphis, Tenn., who finished as UMKC's all-time leader in points and rebounds, hadn't talked about interest from Dallas before the draft.
But he said he'd had a premonition the night before that he could become a Maverick.
``I was thinking of playing with Jason Kidd (the No. 2 pick) the night before.
Even before halftime, the man from Uruguay offered a comparison of ocean beaches.
This was a team killing time before the next round of the tournament.
Scoring is way up from four years ago (92 goals this year compared to 82 in '90), the action is better and, coupled with more yellow cards and the no-backpass rule, there is more end-to-end action than before.
The Argentines lost legendary scoring leader Diego Maradona to a drug suspension in the afternoon, then dropped an ugly 2-0 decision against Bulgaria last night before a thoroughly bored sellout World Cup crowd of 63,998 at the Cotton Bowl.
``We had to slow down their play and limit the goals.'' Bulgaria, 0-11-6 in the World Cup before winning its last two games by a combined 6-0, rarely kept less than three defenders in its half of the field.
31, 1990, threw a roundhouse right or two in the three seasons before this one.
The Astros also had a third baseman, Ken Caminiti, but solved the logjam by moving Bagwell to first 10 days before he began his rookie season.
There was quite a bit of interest in these players even before the World Cup.'' Nuttall would not divulge which players were offered contracts, saying it would disrupt the team's continuing World Cup preparation.
When that happened before, in 1992, California became a national laughing stock.
When that happened before, in 1992, California became a national laughing stock.
A press conference announcing the ban was held just six hours before Maradona was scheduled to set a record for most World Cup match appearances (22) against Bulgaria at the Cotton Bowl.
And then your sorry friends come over and help you suck it down and before you know it you start running into a little money there.
They'll be swelled with the pride of finally being able to showcase their sport and talents before a U.S. audience that has always done its best to ignore them.
Then France scored and almost before you could yell goooaaal! Brazil had another early exit from the competition.
They watched three teams -- Dallas, Philadelphia and Milwaukee -- make two selections before their turn came.
The collection of pictures, recipes and shared tales is an intriguing small-town portrait of the columnist before he became famous.
(Return it before you use it more than once!) -- Before you sit down for a makeover, ask the salesperson if you're obligated to buy anything.
The concert takes place the night before the World Cup championship game at L.A.'s Rose Bowl.
The three will join forces with a medley to Hollywood just before intermission and the show-ending medley called Around the World.
Just how low must the dollar fall before Japanese luxury cars, computers and video recorders become so expensive in dollar terms, and American products become so cheap in yen terms, that trade between the world's two mightiest economies begins to resemble a two-way street?
1-5,'' Rhino 4 1/2 From the days when MTV had to beg for videos, and the days before MTV, comes Rhino's latest blowout, and it ranks with the label's best.
An inventory of Hughes' estate filed just two weeks before his death by a nephew seeking to become his conservator disclosed that Hughes had savings of $1,216,694.87.
of San Francisco for 20 years before his retirement.
Under pressure to take care of business before leaving town for a July Fourth recess, senators pulled late nights all week, at times working until nearly midnight to clear the legislative logjam.
But just a little over a month before his death, he recorded a transfer deed correcting the original, in which Angela Ciampa Bufford was identified as his wife.
Her suit alleged he placed what she thought was a rental agreement before her, but after she signed it she learned it was a joint tenancy agreement.
``About 10 or 15 years before me, she had Shirley MacLaine as a student,'' Engel said.
Written in the standard form of a three-movement concerto for solo instrument accompanied by orchestra -- the form perfected by Mozart a century before Rachmaninoff and Tchaikovsky added their contributions to the genre -- the piece is outwardly ``pure,'' with no hints from the composer of extra-musical influence.
Only that we've never seen anything like this before.
Tyler Cox -- who, incidentally, worked with Limbaugh at a Sacramento, Calif., station, before Limbaugh went national -- believes there are two reasons why there are so many conservatives, so few liberals on talk radio, and only one reason has to do with politics.
All that had gone before was irrelevant, in the parlance of the age.
Bands will blare, and parades will pass in review before the wonder-filled eyes of children of all ages and the nostalgic gazes of aging veterans.
Craft will come,'' says Levy, who was dean of the school of art at the University of Michigan before becoming Pilchuck's director in 1991.
We'll need at least five more years before we get that far.
But there are several levels of deliberate misdirection in their description that parents ought to know about before entrusting their children to the schools.
A fifth summit has been set for Washington in September, after Yeltsin speaks before the U.N. General Assembly.
A central theme of the trip, according to Anthony Lake, the White House national security adviser, will be to emphasize Clinton's ``vision of a broader, integrated Europe and the historic opportunity that we have before us to achieve such an integration in both security and economic and political terms -- the integration of a secure and democratic Europe.'' However, as with all such high-profile foreign trips, which are heavily covered by the TV networks, the real White House goal will be to portray the president as a dynamic leader who moves with ease on the world stage.
``As far as I'm concerned, that was his real arrival in New York,'' said Ms. Kane, who had come on board as his personal publicity agent shortly beforehand.
His challenge is to break through to the mainstream before his moment expires.
I slip off the phone before Helen, caught up in birthday revelry, could home in on the incongruity of me calling with a cookout invitation.
The animals probably were held at a private facility before they were seized, because they appeared to be comfortable around humans, officials said.
Just how low must the dollar fall before Japanese luxury cars, computers and video recorders become so expensive in dollar terms, and American products become so cheap in yen terms, that trade between the world's two mightiest economies begins to resemble a two-way street?
Tanned and vigorous only a day before, the poor slob looked like he had just come home from a lengthy hospital stay and the prognosis was not good.
Add slivers of orange peel (orange part only) to top of cake just before serving.
	In a high-speed motorcade, he left the Rafah border crossing immediately for Gaza City, the heart of the coastal strip, where he spoke for half an hour to more than 100,000 Palestinians spread before him in late-afternoon heat across a huge, sandy square.
Be sure to taste the Gorgonzola before buying it; it shouldn't be too strong or overpowering.
Remove from heat and with electric hand beater or in mixing bowl with electric beater, mix in eggs, one at a time, incorporating each egg thoroughly before adding the next one.
Bring to room temperature 1 hour before grilling.) When coals are hot, add mesquite chips.
Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 1 hour or up to 4 hours before serving.
(Orzo may be refrigerated overnight.) To cook broccoli, up to 4 hours before serving, place 1 1/2 cups broccoli florets in a microwave-safe pie dish and add 1/4 inch water.
While the professional relationship between the senator and the president is proper, occasionally friendly, the two men nonetheless got off to a cool start when Clinton failed to call on Moynihan's experience with social legislation before the administration designed its health care plan.
Last December, the president flattered the senator at a Moynihan fundraising event, telling the audience that before he had met Moynihan, ``I actually thought I knew something about government.'' Moynihan reciprocates.
In a June 1 speech in Buffalo before the New York State Democratic Party's convention, Moynihan said: ``We owe the president and the First Lady great thanks for bringing the nation and the Congress to the point where real health security is within reach.
Last Wednesday he came before the committee with the Clinton proposal for an employer mandate requiring employers to pay 80 of the insurance premiums for their employees, even though he knew it would fail.
(Baked crust may be covered with foil and held at room temperature overnight or frozen up to 1 month.) To make truffle filling, up to 6 hours before serving, place chocolate, cream and creme de cacao in a small microwave-safe bowl.
Refrigerate at least 30 minutes before baking and bake according to package directions.
``I started acting when I was 7, and before that I never really looked at Hollywood or movies as anything big,'' said Edwards, who plans to take the summer off before acting again.
``We said before we've talked with a lot of people about PCS alliances,'' said Susan Rosenberg, an AirTouch spokeswoman.
For those who are trying to revive Jewish culture here, like Rabbi Michael Schudrich, a New Yorker who runs the youth center where the documents where found, the most touching discovery is an excerpt from a Hanukkah address that Moshe Burstein wrote shortly before his death at Treblinka.
It had been 19 years since Greenbaum, his Vietnamese wife and his adopted son Thomas, then 9, fled Saigon just days before its fall to the North Vietnamese.
He closely studied a map of Saigon (now officially known as Ho Chi Minh City) and the surrounding country before beginning the trip.
But everyone knew by early 1975 that it was just a matter of time before the war would be over.
home, before the end of July.
Capping a 27-year odyssey from exiled revolutionary to Middle East peacemaker, Arafat appealed for Palestinian unity in a speech before more than 70,000 jubilant followers in Gaza City.
Israel radio said a Palestinian youth disguised as a cameraman aimed a pistol at Arafat as he spoke in Gaza City but was seized before he could fire.
They're trying to kill us.'' When he saw the chance to flee his home and farm in Haiti 10 days ago, Sinriel and his 12-year-old son, Jito, boarded a creaky boat and set out into the Caribbean, where they spent three days before the Coast Guard spotted their flimsy vessel and brought them aboard.
``A lot of the people have not had much medical care in Haiti, from what they're telling us through interpreters.'' Pearson, an army ranger, surveyed the cracked asphalt airfield serving as the campground, punctured with steel reinforcing bars that serve as giant tent stakes, and sized up the challenge before him.
Employers must receive Labor Department certification that they made a good-faith effort to find a native-born employee before hiring a foreign-born worker.
 (BC-WORKPLACE-IMMIGRANTS-ART-2NDTAKE-$ADV03-NYT) Theoretically, the foreign-born can work only if they are in the United States legally and have the correct documentation, but as everyone learned before a conveniently childless candidate ended the search for an attorney general, the hiring of illegal caretakers is an endemic labor practice, among paralegals and secretaries as well as $250,000-a-year executives, in cities like New York, Los Angeles or Miami -- points of entry to the United States as well as centers of immigrant population.
Attorneys for the archdiocese said it was coincidental that the locks were changed before the hearing.
While the professional relationship between the senator and the president is proper, occasionally friendly, the two men nonetheless got off to a cool start when Clinton failed to call on Moynihan's experience with social legislation before the administration designed its health care plan.
Last December, the president flattered the senator at a Moynihan fundraising event, telling the audience that before he had met Moynihan, ``I actually thought I knew something about government.'' Moynihan reciprocates.
In a June 1 speech in Buffalo before the New York State Democratic Party's convention, Moynihan said: ``We owe the president and the First Lady great thanks for bringing the nation and the Congress to the point where real health security is within reach.
Last Wednesday, he came before the committee with a proposal for an employer mandate that would kick in over the next three to five years unless 96 percent of all Americans had insurance.
(STORY CAN END HERE -- OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) For all the urgency of the challenges before them, this year's summiteers are expected to produce modest results.
``In the 1991 election, we got the list the night before the election,'' Conchello said.
``It is worthless then.'' A total of 45.7 million registered before the deadline expired Feb.
(STORY CAN END HERE -- OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) For all the urgency of the challenges before them, this year's summiteers are expected to produce modest results.
I've never seen anything like this happen before.'' Even the organizers sounded shocked.
But Becker shrugged it all off before his semifinal date with Ivanisevic, and so did the 22-year-old Croat, whose victory moved him to a career-high No.2 in the ranking.
In a report that took more than a year to prepare, the National Transportation Safety Board blamed the May 27, 1993, crash on ``the loss of engine power due to failure in the second-stage turbine labyrinth seal.'' The labyrinth seal -- a steel ring hidden deep in the engine between spinning turbine blades -- posed a threat known by the engine's manufacturer more than two years before the Life Flight copter crashed, according to federal documents obtained by The Kansas City Star in May.
``This was a defective engine component that the manufacturer knew about before the crash,'' he said.
``It bothers me when people really don't understand the risk.'' Like skin cancer, wrinkling, sagging and drooping take years to develop, but the skin can stand only so much sunlight before it begins to look old.
``You begin filling it up at birth, and there's only so much sunlight you can take before you look old.
Once they start, they usually come pretty quickly -- some start appearing in your 20s, even early 20s, some not until the 50s or 60s.'' Most experts agree that 80 percent of sun damage takes place before age 18 (because the bulk of most people's exposure comes in their youth), but you can halt the damage at any point -- wherever it's at -- by carefully avoiding any future exposure, Martin said.
Team members distribute new releases usually two to three months before the product hits the retail stores, said Steven Rifkind, president of the company.
Team members distribute new releases usually two to three months before the product hits the retail stores, said Steven Rifkind, president of the company.
``Much of this book was reported while events were developing, before the outcomes and consequences were known or imagined,'' he adds.
ADVANCE FOR SUNDAY, JULY 3 WASHINGTON  (BC-SHAKEUP-$ADV03-HNS) The question for new White House chief of staff Leon Panetta is whether he can make President Clinton do what he has never done before -- delegate some authority and quit micromanaging every detail of his administration.
``Leon has decades of experience that he brings to bear on that.'' Although Begala was careful not to criticize McLarty's tenure as chief of staff, he suggested that McLarty's experience running an Arkansas gas utility before he came to Washington had not prepared him particularly well for dealing with Congress or the hardball politics of Washington.
With less than two months remaining before the election, finding a replacement of comparable stature would have been extremely hard.
Larry Tisch was known for financial brilliance, largely from him management of Loews Corp., before he took control of CBS.
In a high-speed motorcade, he left the Rafah border crossing immediately for Gaza City, the heart of the coastal strip, where he spoke for an hour to tens of thousands of Palestinians, spread before him in late-afternoon heat across a huge, sandy square.
``We have been under such pressure before,'' Vogts said.
-0- The health care sands keep shifting before our eyes.
Last week at the Javits Center, Intel assembled top world players, made them move before fans nodded off (maximum game time: 50 minutes), and added in big screens and fancy graphics.
Just days before facing a nothing-to-lose U.S. team in Stanford, Calif., on Tuesday, calls for overhauls in strategy are coming from the Brazilian homeland.
Smiling broadly and deeply tanned, he arrived here aboard a commercial flight from Atlanta just before lunch.
``Mama is the generation before mine,'' said Field, who has won Oscars for other resonant representations of Southern strength in ``Norma Rae'' and ``Places in the Heart.'' ``She stands for all the promises of what America was to be.
The bill is currently before the Senate Appropriations Committee.
The division distinguished itself in combat in the Ruhr Valley just before the German surrender.
Many of those interviewed said they will need to hear and see more before speaking of ``miracles.'' During 27 years of exposure to Israeli society, they have developed a suppressed, but real, admiration for the democratic practices as well as an appetite for debate and a tradition of independent-mindedness.
Clearly sensing the weight of obligations Gazans attached to his arrival -- he is expected to fix the sewers, create jobs, liberate some 5,000 remaining Palestinian prisoners from Israeli jails and impose peace and order before holding free elections -- Arafat immediately promised to do all this and more.
Maybe they would have picketed the Downtown Athletic Club, much as they boycotted the news media before Game 7 of the NBA finals.
The jury, which deliberated three weeks before reaching verdicts Friday, also found Samuels guilty of soliciting murder and conspiracy to commit murder against Robert Samuels, 40, and his hit man, James Bernstein.
The British embraced the baby boomer Boris when he won their tournament twice before his 19th birthday, and he in turn embraced them for providing him with such a lovely stage.
In five of 10 tournaments in 1994 before Wimbledon, he was beaten in his first or second match.
Will he fire Nick Bollettieri, too, like the four coaches who got the axe before him?
Roberts, 35, its president -- planned the fishing expedition a year ago, long before Rogers put the Maclean properties on the auction block, is testimony to just how well positioned Comcast is.
Comcast's stock closed Friday at $17.75, down a bit from the price of $18.25 before the Maclean purchase was announced and still far below the 52-week high of $28.28 last October.
In one of his final political prognostications before his death, the former president declared to friends that if Wilson won this election, as Nixon expected, he would be the front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination in 1996.
The move infuriated Clinton administration officials, who were caught off guard and unable to take credit before the television cameras.
But those disasters may also be what saves Wilson because they have showcased before the television cameras his steady, yet bland, ability to take charge.
sequel, slated to go before the cameras in September on locations and soundstages in Los Angeles and the real Gotham City, New York.
In his P-I interview and speaking to almost 1,200 members of the Reserve Officers Association at the Westin Hotel, the defense secretary outlined how the Clinton administration plans to project U.S. power: --Perry told reservists they will have to play greater and more varied roles than ever before as the Defense Department slashes its budget in one of the greatest military drawdowns in history.
But even before the recession, Lockheed began to move warplane manufacturing from its big Burbank site to its plant in Marietta, Ga. And others have engaged in similar migrations.
Among the 100 employees, all but a handful are from Mexico, having started as floor sweepers and janitors, at $6 an hour, often before speaking any English.
``I have agreed to pay for this television time so the American people can have more balanced information before they make a decision on this very important issue affecting every family in this country.'' The program is likely to be critical of President Clinton's health care proposal.
``She's independent and she has a fairly good judicial temperament,'' said Deputy Public Defender Rick Sternfeld, who has won and lost many cases before Kennedy-Powell.
Kennedy-Powell received glowing praise from Deputy District Attorney Scott Goodwin, who used to appear before her on a regular basis and still considers her one of his favorite judges.
In fact, he occasionally took notes on papers spread before him on the defense table.
But before he could go to sleep for the night, he said, he decided to take the dog for a final walk, around midnight.
It was a woman, lying down, face turned to me.'' The prosecution then presented a photograph, holding it before Boztepe and asking him if he could identify the scene.
Camacho, who testified that he had sold his story to the weekly tabloid National Enquirer for $12,500 before appearing in court, contended from the stand that he had been warned by some prosecutors not to talk to the press but had been told by a senior secretary in the district attorney's office that he could give press interviews if he chose.
Unlike most of the people in the crowd Friday, Ms. Rogers said she is waiting to hear all the evidence before making a judgement about Simpson.
But Friday morning Burns, an unemployed aerospace worker, was disappointed: He didn't get a look at the enlarged police photographs of the victims, which the prosecutor, Marcia Clark, had displayed before one witness.
Even before these latest deals, the first half of 1994 was showing a quicker merger pace than the corresponding period of last year.
It was seeking to catch up with three other important committees that finished different bills before the Fourth of July vacation, so that the majority leaders in the House and Senate can assemble measures in time for each house to vote on health care this summer.
It is Mitchell's task to have a bill ready before the Senate returns from the weeklong July 4 recess.
``This is what I dreamed about, win or lose,'' said Navratilova, who made it clear before the tournament began that anything short of achieving her 12th Wimbledon final constituted failure for her.
Minutes before he was charged with drunken driving, he drove past the diamond-shaped signs that said ``Drunk Driving Check'' and ``Police Ahead,'' past an intersection where he could have turned off, and joined a line of cars waiting to be examined by police.
``It is worth doing just before a holiday weekend, because there is indeed a jump in crashes and fatalities.'' Though the checkpoint here found only one person driving drunk, there were many driving dumb.
Under U.S. Supreme Court guidelines, checkpoints like the one here must be advertised in local newspapers, and the first warning sign must be set up before the last intersection.
He managed to drive the van a short distance before crashing into a pole.
I did not look again.'' Another neighbor, Pablo Fenjves, reported first hearing a dog barking at about 10:15 p.m., describing the noise as a ``plaintive wail.'' Steven Schwab testified he saw the Akita wandering the neighborhood with bloody paws while walking his own dog and tried to find its owner before turning the animal over to Boztepe.
Although no murder weapon has been found, witnesses testified Thursday that Simpson had purchased a large knife from a Los Angeles cutlery shop a few weeks before the murders.
The police arrived within two minutes, he said, and no one disturbed the crime scene before they got there.
He served in Paris, Mexico City, Havana and Buenos Aires before becoming an ambassador.
Brethren, loved ones, before us is great hope, and when I say that we have much work ahead of us, this is no joke.
I say, to my Arab brothers who adopted the Palestinian revolution, from the Maghreb, Algeria, Tunisia to Sudan, to Egypt, to Libya, to Jordan, to Saudi Arabia -- here before you, I send my heartfelt blessings to the children of stones, to the heroes of stones from here, from Gaza and from the West Bank, I send blessings to southern Lebanon, to the camps in Lebanon.
Indeed, my brothers, I remind you that before us -- great tasks, to build this homeland, to build our institutions anew, which the occupation destroyed.
PRECINCT IS SAID TO BE ONE DESCRIBED AT MOLLEN INQUIRY NEW YORK  (BC-NY-POLICE-CORRUPT-NYT) Last year, a police officer who testified before the Mollen Commission, his face hidden and his voice altered, told the commissioners of an anonymous precinct where supervisors condoned corruption.
The officer, who used the pseudonym ``Officer Otto'' because he feared for his career and his safety, described a speech made by a commander before a roll call sometime in 1990 or 1991.
Although it is seeking to eliminate conductors on some passenger routes, the authority maintains that it is willing to submit its proposals to a safety panel before moving ahead.
``These are legitimate issues we would want to have resolved before moving ahead.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
Acknowledging the safety concerns, officials have also stressed that the conductorless trains would be tried just on some shuttle routes and would be thoroughly studied by a safety panel to make sure that they can be operated without danger before expanding the program.
Larson, arriving late from halfway across the state, has time to thank the Groton delegation for its support -- he has been a strong advocate for the region's submarine-based industries -- and to answer one question before the library closes for the night, ending the meeting.
Perry said that he and his deputy, John Deutch, divested themselves of holdings in all Defense Department contractors and consulting firms before taking jobs at the Pentagon.
Its infusion into the case Friday -- one day after testimony linking Simpson to the purchase of a knife weeks before the double slaying also appeared to leave Los Angeles Municipal Court Judge Kathleen Kennedy-Powell confused.
``I've never seen anything like that before.'' Schwab said the dog followed him all the way home, where he arrived at about 11:05 p.m., the witness said.
It was seeking to catch up with three other important committees that finished different bills before the Fourth of July vacation, so that the majority leaders in the House and Senate can assemble measures in time for each house to vote on health care this summer.
It is Mitchell's task to have a bill ready before the Senate returns from the weeklong July 4 recess.
Marquetry, too, was a turf horse before winning the 1991 Gold Cup at 27-1.
MIKE STANLEY, who before Thursday night had not started at first base since June 1992, was there for a second straight night.
Everyone tells me I look like a California guy anyway.'' John Williams, waived June 15 by the Clippers, was nearly dealt to Indiana for Sealy before his release.
This year the field of 14 horses was the smallest since 1985, yet all the favorites ran into obstacles before Go for Gin won.
Never before have so many teams from outside of Europe and South America gotten out of the first round.
The Belgians and 35-year-old Preud'homme have allowed only one goal in the World Cup, defeating Morocco 1-0 and the Netherlands 1-0 before losing to Saudi Arabia 1-0.
``We've been under pressure before,'' he said.
``We had dug such a deep hole that we have to play well for a month before we can consider ourselves competitive.'' The A's are closing in on having a good month, and the pitching has been a primary reason.
If anyone is looking forward to taking some time off at the All-Star break, it's me.'' Darling still will have one more assignment before he can rest.
Tony told me before the at bat that he wanted me to do it.
A fifth summit has been set for Washington in September, after Yeltsin speaks before the U.N. General Assembly.
A central theme of the trip, according to Anthony Lake, the White House national security adviser, will be to emphasize Clinton's ``vision of a broader, integrated Europe and the historic opportunity that we have before us to achieve such an integration in both security and economic and political terms -- the integration of a secure and democratic Europe.'' However, as with all such high-profile foreign trips, which are heavily covered by the TV networks, the real White House goal will be to portray the president as a dynamic leader who moves with ease on the world stage.
For the three years before she came to Bellevue, she was chief executive officer of the Bronx Municipal Hospital Center, taking her place among the estimated 3.7 percent of the nation's hospital chiefs who are women.
For one thing, a high percentage of amateur radio enthusiasts, who tend to love technology and gadgetry of all kinds, have been on-line for years, even before it was a chic place to be.
(Likewise, many Internet veterans might like to restrict the flood of newbies by requiring people to learn Boolean logic or memorize the Ascii code before banging out messages on America Online.) Many ham radio operators, even those who delight in chatting on the computer, say that communicating through the net just isn't as exciting as using a radio to cast around the world for people to talk to.
``Though a jury first is star-struck that such a high-powered group of lawyers is arguing before them, at some point they may become cynical,'' Levenson said.
In the Simpson case -- from the suicide note left by Simpson when he fled from police June 17, to blood at his home and his apparent purchase of a knife five weeks before the murders -- facts will have to be explained, Braun said.
While the cigarette companies would be hardly overjoyed at stiffer regulations, the ones Kessler is considering would fall far short of their worst nightmare: that the FDA declare cigarettes a delivery device for a drug called nicotine, which, by law, would have to be proven safe and beneficial before it could be sold.
Williams took over the Los Angeles Police Department two years ago, a day before the last police contract expired, and his efforts to restore officer morale and public confidence to the department were bedeviled by the continuing labor strife.
Two years ago, long before Germany and Bolivia opened the World Cup on June 17 at Soldier Field in Chicago, a team of turf specialists began drafting plans to reshape the football gridirons at nine stadiums across the country into world-class soccer fields.
After the demonstration, the field was taken apart and stored in the Silverdome parking lot over the winter, before being reassembled on June 10, Rogers said.
``At Stanford, they had graduation ceremonies eight days before the first game and all the sod beneath the stands had died, Watson said.
``So we had all of them rolling within a meter or each other before the games started.
Two years ago, long before Germany and Bolivia opened the World Cup on June 17 at Soldier Field in Chicago, a team of turf specialists began drafting plans to reshape the football gridirons at nine stadiums across the country into world-class soccer fields.
After the demonstration, the field was taken apart and stored in the Silverdome parking lot over the winter, before being reassembled on June 10, Rogers said.
``At Stanford, they had graduation ceremonies eight days before the first game and all the sod beneath the stands had died, Watson said.
``So we had all of them rolling within a meter or each other before the games started.
He was known for virulent anti-Americanism long before he won his country's first democratic elections in 1990; he used to refer to the United States simply as ``the cold land to the north.'' But he chose Washington as his place of exile after he was overthrown.
All of which perhaps helps to explain how a woman in front of the Los Angeles courthouse could stand before a CNBC camera and make the astonishing statement: ``Guilty or not, we love you O.J.'' 
``Hillary Clinton graduated from Wellesley two years before I graduated from Mount Holyoke.
``It's even better than before.'' The mud caused $500,000 worth of damage, according to pageant estimates, and destroyed the pageant's orchestra pit, makeup and wardrobe areas and production office, including a library and archive of pageant history.
Flanders, who used to plan her vacations so she could attend the pageant before she moved to Irvine three years ago from Houston, said that the event is ``even more near and dear to my heart'' since the catastrophe.
George Brett faced the 162-game barrier in 1980 when he flirted with a .400 batting average before finishing at .388.
The Finance bill places fewer burdens on government, business and individuals than the other three bills approved before a self-imposed Fourth of July deadline.
In addition, the speedway allows 209-cubic-inch, two-valve push-rod engines with 52 inches of boost (55 inches before USAC's recent cutback).
In one of his final political prognostications before his death, the former president declared to friends that if Wilson won this election, as Nixon expected, he would be the front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination in 1996.
``We cannot take a chance that terrorists might steal a nuclear weapons and then use it against a nation, any nation,'' he said before leaving Washington.
The move infuriated Clinton administration officials, who were caught off guard and unable to take credit before the television cameras.
But those disasters may also be what saves Wilson because they have showcased before the television cameras his steady, yet bland, ability to take charge.
``My wife says before long we'll have more kids here in gangs than in school.'' In the village of San Bartolo, as in others, a gang has emerged to oppose the deportees.
``I'm not here just to play, I'm here to defend my title,'' said Sampras, who had captured three straight Grand Slam titles before being derailed by Jim Courier last month at the French Open.
This season they had the second lowest in the league before the Braves came to town.
	The board is scheduled to meet next Monday in Pittsburgh, the day before the All-Star Game.
	Never before had two pitchers named Manzanillo recorded saves on the same day.
That was President Clinton's proposal, and three congressional committees before Finance followed it more or less.
As vice president, de Klerk has already helped shape a Mandela budget and an economic policy that differ little from his own, courting the approval of investors by putting growth before redistribution.
He has declined to give interviews before the new parliament begins its first full session in August because, said Richard Carter, his spokesman, ``He decided that, for now, it's Mandela's show.'' But as the head of the main opposition party, de Klerk has already begun to demarcate his own, post-transition identity in anticipation of the next election, due in 1999.
For those who are trying to revive Jewish culture here, like Rabbi Michael Schudrich, a New Yorker who runs the youth center where the documents where found, the most touching discovery is an excerpt from a Hanukkah address that Moshe Burstein wrote shortly before his death at Treblinka.
Border officials say commercial traffic is about the same as it was before.
``But besides that, everything now is about the same as before.'' The owner of the Bikini Bar, Hector Moreno Alonso, didn't have much to say about free trade, but he did offer an explanation for the ball of fury.
Riding in hot and heavy weather through central Lille before a crowd of several hundred thousand, Boardman was clocked in 55.15 kilometers an hour, a tick better than 34 mph.
Rominger and Indurain, both specialists in races against the clock, are the two favorites in this 81st Tour de France, which will cover 3,978 kilometers (2,485 miles) before it finishes in Paris on July 24.
At age 25, he's done it, or similar, before: He won the gold medal in bicycle pursuit at the 1992 Olympic Games in Barcelona and last year, he broke Francesco Moser's 9-year world record for the hour's ride against the clock.
``I can see the opportunity,'' Boardman said in an interview before the tour began.
Wright drew the original plans in 1938, and revised them before his death in 1959.
When they came of age, many served in the British-trained Uganda army before joining the rebels and this, British and French officials contend, explains why the front operates much like a regular army.
France's troops were put on alert, it now turns out, at least one week before France won the approval of the United Nations for the mission on June 22.
Many say New York was a big draw; some say the city appealed to them in ways it had not 10 years before.
When he took a sabbatical semester in 1992, he looked for a place where he would never want to live again: ``New York, for sure.'' To his surprise, the city struck him as cleaner and more livable than before.
Maung Maung, a civilian with ties to Burma's longtime military rulers, was the country's attorney general before he became president, on Aug.
After a career-year in 1993 in which Leyritz hit .309 with 14 homers and 53 RBIs, he was batting .264 with 13 homers and 40 RBIs in 174 at-bats before Saturday's game with Seattle.
He wiggles his posterior before pitches, twirls his bat after pitches and spins his helmet in the dirt after homers.
Who else would greet Meat Loaf like a brother before a game?
Hussein not only remains in power, but with Iraq increasingly in compliance with the U.N. cease-fire resolution, it seems only a matter of time before sanctions are lifted.
``We are trying to mobilize support inside Iraq and spread the word to let people know we are here and offer an alternative.'' The dissidents demand that Hussein, seven of his relatives, five of his top advisers and 27 army officers and officials of the governing Baath Party stand before an international tribunal for war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide.
``We cannot take a chance that terrorists might steal a nuclear weapons and then use it against a nation, any nation,'' he said before leaving Washington.
Israel Torres, 40, casually approached the officers, saying he had just come home on weekend leave from a drug rehabilitation program to find that a man had thrown a beer bottle at his 10-year-old son a couple of days before.
Emilio Colon, who heads Puerto Rico's Aqueduct and Sewer Authority, called the situation one of ``great concern'' but added, ``We believe we still have a long way to go before we exhaust our capabilities.'' The drought is only part of the problem, however.
Throughout the areas affected by rationing, people are advised to boil the water for 10 minutes before they drink it.
Colon, the water agency director who recently joined one of the processions, says reservoirs in the drought-stricken areas need five to six inches of rain for several days before water rationing can end.
Some 750 students are enrolled in this school, where Irene Garrett, who grew up in a shack without running water or electricity in the reservation town of Mission, stands before her Indian college students, and teaches the writings of Linda Hogan, an Osage; Lisa Cook-Lynn, a Lower Brule Sioux, and Simon Ortiz, a Hopi.
That's what the NFL is -- the people business.'' Ryan was out of coaching for two years before Bud Adams, the owner of the Oilers, brought him in as Houston's defensive coordinator in January 1993 ``to save Jack Pardee's job,'' as Ryan brashly interpreted it.
Even before Saturday's high-scoring game between Germany and Belgium in the drizzle of Soldier Field, this was an upswing World Cup because of rules jiggered to encourage more offense.
The goalie before Cordoba, Rene Higuita, went to prison because he was too friendly with Pablo Escobar, the Jefe de Todos Jefes of Colombia drugs, and when Pablo Escobar was finally hunted down and killed, Higuita was out of prison, but also out of soccer.
They held a moment of silent prayer for Andres Escobar before Saturday's Germany-Belgium game, and defenders continued to take their chances in front of the goal.
For tribes with vast lands of native wheat and blue grama grasses, the bison fit perfectly on the plains, as they had for centuries before being driven to near-extinction in the late 1800s, devastating the Indian economy.
Martinez, ranked third in the world but without a Grand Slam title before Saturday, ended the fourth-ranked Navratilova's Wimbledon dreams -- and career -- with a barrage of passing shots and seven service breaks.
Wearing her game face in broad daylight before a sentimental throng of 14,000 that ushered her through six matches, all alone under a full moon with just the guard dogs to watch over her and Saturday, for the last time, when she plucked a piece of grass just after taking a final curtsy before the Princess of Wales, Navratilova celebrated her love affair with Wimbledon.
Wimbledon belonged to Navratilova, even before she made history by winning her ninth singles title in 1990 to surpass Helen Wills Moody, who set what had originally seemed an insurmountable record when she captured her 8th title in 1938.
In the final of the 1950 World Cup, Uruguay defeated Brazil, 2-1, before a stunned crowd of 200,000 at Rio's Maracana Stadium.
Shortly before the final vote Friday, the Finance Committee defeated, on a 13-to-7 vote, an effort by Republicans to include tax-deductible medical savings accounts in its bill.
Homeless families in Westchester spend an average of three years and one month in shelters and other temporary housing before finding permanent apartments, according to statistics compiled by the county.
In New York City, by comparison, a homeless family spends an average of seven months in temporary housing before finding a permanent apartment.
In a brief practice on the Georgetown University campus on Friday afternoon before leaving for Dallas, the Saudis laughed and even sang during a keepaway game, then worked on defending high balls served into their box, a tactic they may see a lot of from Sweden.
Andres Escobar, a talented and popular player, returned to Colombia last Wednesday after his team, a favorite before the World Cup began, was eliminated in the first round of the month-long tournament being played in the United States.
Escobar, an outspoken and friendly player whose articles on soccer were often published in El Tiempo, wrote shortly before the World Cup began that ``Our success lies in our sense of togetherness.'' But the tournament quickly turned into disaster.
I've learned some more about the extreme sensitivities in the city of New York, which is more so than in other parts of the state of New York where I have served before.
``It makes it so much easier for everybody else.'' She said that before the company joined the league eight years ago employees would have to call around to set up games among themselves and then arrive hours in advance to claim playing space.
One of the greatest students of the game, Gwynn had a room full of videotape -- separated by team, by pitcher, by at-bat -- long before most organizations installed such setups at the ball park.
``Sometimes I think I'm more of a player-coach than anything.'' In the midst of last winter, before Gwynn had re-signed with the Padres, when he still had the option of taking his considerable talents elsewhere, Gwynn went shopping with a television technician from a San Diego station.
In the eighth inning, though, he was facing Josias Manzanillo, a Mets' reliever he never had seen before.
``I didn't know what to tell the guys about Manzanillo -- I've never faced him before,'' Gwynn said, laughing, the day after.
Farrand said he has loved debate since he first stood before a judge during his own high school days in Liberty, N.Y. ``It taught me a whole different way of looking at the world,'' he said.
``There's a very small number of symptoms you can show before you're just automatically put into an asylum.
At an important tournament, her partner became ill but resisted going to a hospital before the final round.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Strawberry's file -- eight-time All-Star outfielder, 264 home runs over the past 10 years -- was shelved when he suddenly disappeared from the Dodgers before their last spring training game.
It was apparently made against the objections of the trainer, Scotty Schulhofer, who for weeks has been saying with finality that Twining needed more seasoning before daring to match speed with the swift, imposing gray colt who has won eight of his 10 races, most often leading every step of the way.
In the second, Key fell behind 3-0 before walking Bill Haselman, the No. 8 hitter with an average of .195.
Key then fell behind 2-0 against Brian Turang, the No. 9 hitter with a .169 average, before escaping with an inning-ending flyout.
Ms. Hirsch also favors specifying the maximum time a resident must wait before being granted access -- say, five days, as in Florida.
Instead, it has to be shown that jurors were biased before they were seated on a jury.
``The Cold War is over,'' McCain said Friday before the vote.
``Keeping people doing this very skillful work, keeping subcontractors from going out and doing other things -- you can't unring that bell.'' The defense bill before the House provides no money to continue the B-2 program.
Earlier this year, in testimony before the defense appropriations subcommittee, Defense Secretary William Perry said the lack of a bomber industrial base ``is a weakness of this program.We could make a very good use of the extra B-2s if we had them.'' But in a June 22 letter to Democratic Sen.
``Only by taking people's money before they see it has the government been able to raise taxes to their current level without igniting a rebellion,'' Armey says.
``Thanks for the auto-goal,'' one of the gunman said before shooting the 27-year-old Escobar, a witness told a radio reporter.
``Thanks for the auto-goal,'' one of the gunman said before shooting the 27-year-old Escobar, a witness told a radio reporter.
But before that happens, we give our choices of who SHOULD be taking the field July 12 at Pittsburgh's Three Rivers Stadium.
Philadelphia's Darren Daulton deserved All-Star status before suffering a broken clavicle last week.
There are scenic and tourist attractions in Schoharie that draw people as visitors before they become buyers.
A bank may require a new well before it makes a mortgage commitment.
But now that the World Cup is going over big -- now that the stadiums are filled and the television ratings are good and most people in America are aware of soccer in a way they never really were before -- my dream of a viable new professional league has run into a problem I never anticipated.
TWO WOMEN KILLED IN SHOOTING OUTSIDE BROOKLYN BAR NEW YORK  (BC-NY-BAR-SHOOTING-NYT) Two men sprayed gunfire at a crowd standing outside a Brooklyn bar before dawn on Saturday, killing two women, including a 24-year-old who was two months pregnant, the police and witnesses said.
He also is suspected of sexually assaulting the woman before leaving with the husband's bank card, said Deputy Karen Sydow of the Emmet County, Mich., Sheriff's Department.
A one-time $16,000 claimer, Slew of Damascus had won 13 of 30 starts and more than half a million dollars before Saturday's race, but was better known for a couple of weird mishaps.
He nearly kneecapped his trainer with a flying hoof before winning the Native Diver Handicap at Hollywood Park in December.
The Wicked North, a 3-5 favorite and the top handicap horse in the nation so far this year, sat third on the outside before drifting wide entering the stretch and finishing 8} lengths behind the winner.
Barton said before the race that he expects to be on an even plane with Gardiner in the Finlandia.
1992 before being talked into returning to the team in May by coach Berti Vogts.
The final was played at Maracana Stadium in Rio de Janeiro, before a crowd of 200,000.
``They were 100 percent sure before the game even started that Brazil would beat Uruguay, no question.
``Thanks for the auto-goal,'' one of the gunman said before shooting the 27-year-old Escobar, a witness told a radio reporter.
Frohoff and Luyties took an 11-3 lead over Ayakatubby and Steffes, but the top seeded team climbed back to tie the score at 11 before falling 15-13.
The Spanish played almost flawlessly against a rising, but inexperienced team to qualify for the quarterfinals for the second time before 53,121 spectators -- most neutral -- at steamy-hot RFK Stadium.
It didn't modulate things, either, when standouts Romario, Zinho, Rai and Bebeto -- like Madonna, the one name is supposed to suffice -- promised before leaving, ``One more, Brazil.'' Their pledge has made it to billboards throughout the country.
``Unfortunately,'' Meola said before boarding the flight to Palo Alto, ``some people don't realize that ultimately what we do, even though there is a lot of passion and pride involved, is only a game.'' Defender Thomas Dooley said, ``My first thought was better we lose the game against Colombia than he lose his life.
(Island/Dell, $6.99.) .......2.......21 	Just before he kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
It seems now that the Senate Finance plan is the least that Congress will enact before going home in October.
	EXXON-VALDEZ-TRIAL (Cordova, Alaska) -- For those who have not seen it before, Prince William Sound is vibrant and beautiful, as if it had never been touched by the Exxon Valdez oil spill.
He eventually left the nationalist mainstream, spent some years in Zambia, and went on to serve as a a Rhodesian Cabinet minister in 1979, just before independence.
If those constraints hold and the administration wants to take military action, Clinton has to decide whether it would be better to invade before Labor Day or after Christmas.
He also declined to say whether there was a deadline for the sanctions to work before the United States decided to invade.
In the 10th game of the first set, Ivanisevic saved three set points, two of them with aces, before closing out the game with another ace.
Chakrapong boarded a plane for Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, shortly before noon.
We played Colombia, people gave up before the game is over.
In a crisp final mixed doubles match, played before royalty and commoners, the unseeded 1990 University of Georgia graduate and his partner Lori McNeil of Houston lost to the more experienced fourth-seeded team of Australia's Todd Woodbridge and Helena Sukova of the Czech Republic 3-6, 7-5, 6-3.
Cunningham has worked in the round before, but in ``Ocean,'' as he put it on Monday before a rehearsal, ``this is a further extension of that.'' He and Cage conceived the piece as the ultimate circuslike experience, circus being a thread that snaked through many of their works: dancers on a round stage at the center with the audience surrounding them, and a large orchestra plus electronic sound surrounding everyone.
And the movements, mostly small groupings until just before the end, when all 15 dancers finally appear onstage together, allude to human relations and even to overt emotions in ways rarely so apparent in Cunningham's work.
Then came Gooden, one final body blow before the dogged month of June ended.
One day before the Gooden announcement, Doubleday had made a rare public appearance at Shea and tried to put a sunny face on the team.
World Cup organizers predicted a $4 billion economic impact before the draw last year.
Indeed, before the deal was announced last week, CBS never seemed to be in the market for a cable partner.
``These people have never been gathered together in one place before.'' The participants, many of whom call themselves Forteans, swapped stories about poltergeists and the Bermuda Triangle.
``I was born in 1944, one year before the Japanese surrendered.'' Ms. Lu said over dinner recently as a plate of sesame noodles disappeared before her.
A year later, she stood before thousands of people in the southern city of Kaohsiung celebrating the 38th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
``In this country, anything can happen because of a series of well-fed passions.'' Carlos Holguin Sardi, governor of the Valle region, which includes Cali, a city plagued by drug-related violence, stood before a crowd Sunday and asked the people to chant, ``This is not the way, pigs,'' referring to Escobar's assailants.
Two years before, Higuita had paid a highly publicized visit to the drug lord, who was then imprisoned near Medellin.
``In this country, anything can happen because of a series of well-fed passions.'' Carlos Holguin Sardi, governor of the Valle region, which includes Cali, a city plagued by drug-related violence, stood before a crowd Sunday and asked the people to chant, ``This is not the way, pigs,'' referring to Escobar's assailants.
Two years before, Higuita had paid a highly publicized visit to the drug lord, who was then imprisoned near Medellin.
Payment schedules that call for a balloon payment are offered by other lenders, and are generally sought by people squeezed for cash who expect to sell before the payment is due.
What happens if you try to make a purchase before calling?
Charles Carlson, vice president of Dow Theory Forecasts of Hammond, Ind., which publishes DRIP Investor, a newsletter that tracks discount stock and dividend reinvestment programs, cautions investors to verify the discount purchase price before deciding whether to short the stock.
Given the absence of any real health-care crisis and polls reflecting a general public willingness to be patient, current legislative pursuits apparently are driven by a single consideration: The mistaken perception that something -- anything -- needs to be done before elections in November.
The Republicans who oppose the measure say it extends what they call the administration's War on the West, even though it was first conceived long before Bill Clinton became president.
``We knew before the match that it was going to be a difficult task for us.'' He claimed he also learned about the heat by watching Germany's 3-2 victory against South Korea at the Cotton Bowl.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Saudi Arabia had several opportunities before its goal.
The Yankees had only one hit, a first-inning single by Wade Boggs, before their sixth-inning outburst.
``He'll get a fresh start here and see if he can regain the form he had before.'' The manager said Hitchcock would start at Columbus and could return as a starter or reliever, which he has been this season.
Hinckley discussed the incidents and other church matters before recent ceremonies marking the 150th anniversary of the murder of Joseph Smith, founder of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, as it is officially known.
The church's growth requires a constant search at the local level for men who can demonstrate leadership ability, understand and communicate Mormon doctrine and adhere to the church's strict moral teachings, which forbid drinking and smoking, as well as any sexual activity before or outside of marriage.
Prince Ranariddh is first prime minister and Hun Sen, the Khmer Rouge defector who headed the Vietnamese-backed government before the elections, is second prime minister.
In what before 1970 was one of Southeast Asia's cleanest cities, large sections now consist of shacks packed against one another, surrounded by children and heaps of fetid garbage that stays and stays.
The average Cambodian dies before reaching 50.
Of every 1,000 children born, 184 die before they reach 5; 120 do not live a year.
France had supported the Rwandan government before the latest round of the four-year civil war erupted in April.
``It is a question of hours'' before the city falls, said Col.
Valenzuela started for the Phillies there Sunday before a sellout crowd that never got to say a proper goodbye and wanted to show its appreciation for the most popular person to play for the Dodgers since their move to California.
``To tell you the truth, I hope he pitches well,'' Brito said an hour before the game.
The early arrivals cheered for Valenzuela as he made his way to the bullpen to warm up before the game.
We were watching him, but Philadelphia made a move before us.
Coleman, who studied electronics at a community college and repaired televisions before becoming a mail carrier, refined the prototype.
Together, Israeli and Palestinian security officials have been working out the delicate logistics of the Jericho trip, which should be Arafat's last major event before he leaves for Paris.
The potential for friction with area's roughly 800,000 Palestinians was underlined Friday only minutes before Arafat's arrival at an entrance to Gush Qatif, the main bloc of settlements along the coast.
Clinton's speech before the Polish Parliament on that issue was conceived by his advisers as the main one of his European trip.
Instead, it has to be shown that jurors were biased before they were seated on a jury.
The classic line comes from the legendary Satchel Paige, who said that Cool was so fast that he could switch off the light and get into bed before the room was dark.
On Saturday, an hour before the Jackson Generals played a Class AA game against Tulsa at Smith-Wills Stadium, I asked Gary Mota, a 23-year-old outfielder for the Generals, what he knew about Cool Papa Bell and the Negro leagues.
``It's pure harassment.'' The foundation, which represented the Melbourne clinic before the Supreme Court, has had four representatives here since June 7 to help local supporters of abortion rights.
Just as Latvia did, many of the countries snapped at an initial offer before turning to competitive bidding that vastly enhanced their efforts to modernize their phone systems.
ABUSE HOTLINES INNUNDATED IN WAKE OF SIMPSON CASE SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-BATTER-VIOLENCE-525(2takes)-NYT) Never before has the domestic violence hotline in Pacheco, Calif., been so inundated with calls for help, said Majorie Cusick, the clinical director for Battered Women's Alternatives there, and women who used to be shy and ambivalent are now ``gushing'' with detail about their savage beatings and fear for their lives.
``The fear of being killed is coming up routinely, whereas before many women wouldn't mention it,'' said Betty White at the Center for Women's Studies and Services Hotline in San Diego.
I had a partner in Randy who's been there before and I didn't have that last year.'' Stoklos now has four Manhattan Beach championships with three partners.
``I've never been able to wing it before.
Moreover, they say they have seen the tower rise at least three times before -- once in 1966 both the church and the school emerged whole -- and now they just pray for rain.
Father Claro Noll, who came to Utuado as a newly ordained priest in 1938 and was the chapel's last pastor, said that before it was built Mass was celebrated in tobacco barns and people's homes.
It left the neighbors in the same situation they were before the Capuchins came.
In general, things are not the same as before.'' Noll said he had not gotten around to visiting the reservoir yet -- ``I know what's under there,'' he said -- and he, too, is taken aback by the excitement over the church and the tales woven about its past.
Such an event has never been recorded before.
Professional astronomers advise amateurs to spend plenty of time familiarizing themselves with Jupiter's cloud patterns before the impacts, so that they will be able to recognize tiny changes.
Officials said other planes had taken off and landed just before the USAir plane, which was approaching runway 18-R from the north, prepared to land.
A local television station, WBTV reported Sunday evening that the airport's wind-shear alarm sounded just before the crash.
In the last year to 18 months, hospital administrators say, most local institutions have begun advertising either for the first time or more aggressively than ever before.
Hobday's agonizing march started even before the first hole of his final round.
``I talked to him before we left Romania,'' Iordanescu said.
Yes, there have been fine Spaniards before.
He will make another start for the Gulf Coast team before being assigned to the Mets' Class A team, St. Lucie.
As seen from Earth, each fragment will disappear behind Jupiter a split second before impact.
Constitutional amendments must be approved by two consecutively elected Legislatures and then passed in a referendum before they become law.
As the thugs fled, he sped away, but drove only a short distance to Wyckoff Avenue and Cornelia Street before crashing into a pole.
``But if you had a connection, you could get it.'' So it goes every year at the end of the session: last-minute deals in sweaty suits, last-minute efforts to avoid making deals and general chaos as legislators forgo sleep, in beds anyway, and work round the clock to finish the state's business before July 4.
HOLY BULL RUNS AWAY WITH THE DWYER STAKES ELMONT, N.Y.  (BC-RAC-HOLY-BULL-500&Add-NYT) The great gray colt Holy Bull was up before the sun Sunday morning at Monmouth Park on the Jersey Shore, walked the ramp into a horse van at five minutes past 6 a.m., walked down the ramp at Belmont Park at 10 minutes after 8 a.m., walked around the barn for half an hour and waited eight hours for the eighth race, the Dwyer Stakes.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) And when Wayne Lukas scratched Rock Hill a few hours before the race, Schulhofer lost a rival and an ally: Rock Hill had the speed to stalk Holy Bull and maybe soften him up for a late shot by Twining and jockey Jose Santos.
``I talked to him before we left Romania,'' Iordanescu said.
When soccer was locked in a world controversy over a ban by some coaches on sex the night before games, Lalas had the final answer: ``I've tried so hard for so long to get sex, I'd hate to give it up now.
``I think most of us, including the defenders, were so psyched to get to the World Cup and get on with the real thing we had a hard time concentrating.'' Many fans and reporters assumed most of the U.S. players training and competing earlier in the year would be replaced by Americans rejoining the team from European professional clubs shortly before the Cup began.
She said the party had been planned before the abduction, called off and then rescheduled at her daughter's insistence.
``There was no clue before that.
Indeed, Giuliani and son shared a car that was full even before they crowded in, and -- since no one offered to give up a seat -- the mayor had to hang onto the chrome pole like the other commuters.
It was almost seven hours after the wreck before firefighters and medical examiners began dismantling the wreckage and removing bodies from the van.
Authorities said it was unlikely that the victims would be identified before Monday.
It was almost seven hours after the wreck before firefighters and medical examiners began dismantling the wreckage and removing bodies from the van.
Authorities said it was unlikely that the victims would be identified before Monday.
``I'm happy about it,'' said Johnson, who is 9-4 this season, with Thursday's start against the Boston Red Sox remaining before the game in Pittsburgh.
World Cup organizers predicted a $4 billion economic impact before the draw last year.
Corrazona was plenty feisty after a long layoff and Stevens worked hard to keep her settled down before entering the starting gate.
It was written before this World Cup tournament that Colombia had a chance to win it all.
In one of the most eagerly anticipated pitching matchups ever at Dodger Stadium, Hershiser and the Dodgers posted a 3-1 victory Sunday over Fernando Valenzuela and the Philadelphia Phillies before 54,167, the second-largest home crowd of the year.
``It felt like a Fourth of July pickup game to me.'' Hershiser (5-4) allowed one unearned run on four hits and four walks in his seven innings, before Todd Worrell handled the eighth and ninth for his seventh save.
He received his first ovation some 30 minutes before the game, when he made his way out of the visiting dugout and strolled to the bullpen in right field to warm up.
He was cheered when he was announced as the starting pitcher, each time he came up to bat and when highlights from his Dodgers days were shown on the scoreboard before the bottom of the third inning.
Right now, I can only compare this to the way we felt before the World Cup match with Switzerland.
We're going against the team everybody expects to be No.1, but everybody expected Colombia to be No.1 before that.
And that was eons before any autographs, any groupies, and any reporters from the ``San Francisco Chronicle'' wanting to know why he ties back his ponytail.
Two months before the World Cup, media reports gushed about an American goalie controversy -- Meola and Kasey Keller.
Officials said other planes had taken off and landed just before the USAir plane, which was approaching runway 18-R from the north, prepared to land.
A local television station, WBTV reported Sunday evening that the airport's wind-shear alarm sounded just before the crash.
Officials said other planes had taken off and landed just before the USAir plane, which was approaching runway 18-R from the north, prepared to land.
``Argentina has fought bravely,'' defender Gheorghe Popescu said -- before sounding a note of newfound Romanian confidence.
I don't feel like I should ever be there in the first place, so I really cherish and enjoy these things.'' Piazza said he got the word before Sunday's game from NL manager Jim Fregosi of Philadelphia, who told Piazza, ``Congratulations.
Batistuta's goal was the first since losing Maradona before Thursday's 2-0 loss to Bulgaria after he tested positive for five banned substances following the Nigeria match.
``It's almost as if the scenario for this game was written beforehand.'' That's where he's wrong.
When soccer was locked in a world controversy over a ban by some coaches on sex the night before games, Lalas had the final answer: ``I've tried so hard for so long to get sex, I'd hate to give it up now.
``I think most of us, including the defenders, were so psyched to get to the World Cup and get on with the real thing we had a hard time concentrating.'' Many fans and reporters assumed most of the U.S. players training and competing earlier in the year would be replaced by Americans rejoining the team from European professional clubs shortly before the Cup began.
In one of the most eagerly anticipated pitching matchups ever at Dodger Stadium, Hershiser and the Dodgers posted a 3-1 victory Sunday over Fernando Valenzuela and the Philadelphia Phillies before 54,167, the second-largest home crowd of the year.
``It felt like a Fourth of July pickup game to me.'' Hershiser (5-4) allowed one unearned run on four hits and four walks in his seven innings, before Todd Worrell handled the eighth and ninth for his seventh save.
(Island/Dell, $6.99.) .......2.......21 	Just before he kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
All of which perhaps helps to explain how a woman in front of the Los Angeles courthouse could stand before a CNBC camera and make the astonishing statement: ``Guilty or not, we love you O.J.'' 
He was known for virulent anti-Americanism long before he won his country's first democratic elections in 1990; he used to refer to the United States simply as ``the cold land to the north.'' But he chose Washington as his place of exile after he was overthrown.
While the cigarette companies would be hardly overjoyed at stiffer regulations, the ones Kessler is considering would fall far short of their worst nightmare: that the FDA declare cigarettes a delivery device for a drug called nicotine, which, by law, would have to be proven safe and beneficial before it could be sold.
For one thing, a high percentage of amateur radio enthusiasts, who tend to love technology and gadgetry of all kinds, have been on-line for years, even before it was a chic place to be.
(Likewise, many Internet veterans might like to restrict the flood of newbies by requiring people to learn Boolean logic or memorize the Ascii code before banging out messages on America Online.) Many ham radio operators, even those who delight in chatting on the computer, say that communicating through the net just isn't as exciting as using a radio to cast around the world for people to talk to.
For the three years before she came to Bellevue, she was chief executive officer of the Bronx Municipal Hospital Center, taking her place among the estimated 3.7 percent of the nation's hospital chiefs who are women.
The carrier, it is believed, was not the dog, but a crate that had stood too long in a warehouse before standing in my bedroom waiting to be unloaded.
In one of his final political prognostications before his death, the former president declared to friends that if Wilson won this election, as Nixon expected, he would be the front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination in 1996.
``These people have never been gathered together in one place before.'' The participants, many of whom call themselves Forteans, swapped stories about poltergeists and the Bermuda Triangle.
Payment schedules that call for a balloon payment are offered by other lenders, and are generally sought by people squeezed for cash who expect to sell before the payment is due.
What happens if you try to make a purchase before calling?
Charles Carlson, vice president of Dow Theory Forecasts of Hammond, Ind., which publishes DRIP Investor, a newsletter that tracks discount stock and dividend reinvestment programs, cautions investors to verify the discount purchase price before deciding whether to short the stock.
Hinckley discussed the incidents and other church matters before recent ceremonies marking the 150th anniversary of the murder of Joseph Smith, founder of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, as it is officially known.
The church's growth requires a constant search at the local level for men who can demonstrate leadership ability, understand and communicate Mormon doctrine and adhere to the church's strict moral teachings, which forbid drinking and smoking, as well as any sexual activity before or outside of marriage.
Moreover, they say they have seen the tower rise at least three times before -- once in 1966 both the church and the school emerged whole -- and now they just pray for rain.
Father Claro Noll, who came to Utuado as a newly ordained priest in 1938 and was the chapel's last pastor, said that before it was built Mass was celebrated in tobacco barns and people's homes.
It left the neighbors in the same situation they were before the Capuchins came.
In general, things are not the same as before.'' Noll said he had not gotten around to visiting the reservoir yet -- ``I know what's under there,'' he said -- and he, too, is taken aback by the excitement over the church and the tales woven about its past.
The Republicans who oppose the measure say it extends what they call the administration's War on the West, even though it was first conceived long before Bill Clinton became president.
The Olmec world holds a special place in the sweep of cultures that rose and fell in the New World before the arrival of Europeans.
By the late 1950s radiocarbon dates from La Venta proved that the site had flourished between about 800 and 400 B.C. -- centuries before the flowering of other great urban civilizations of Mesoamerica.
The Olmec world holds a special place in the sweep of cultures that rose and fell in the New World before the arrival of Europeans.
By the late 1950s radiocarbon dates from La Venta proved that the site had flourished between about 800 and 400 B.C. -- centuries before the flowering of other great urban civilizations of Mesoamerica.
The Olmec world holds a special place in the sweep of cultures that rose and fell in the New World before the arrival of Europeans.
By the late 1950s radiocarbon dates from La Venta proved that the site had flourished between about 800 and 400 B.C. -- centuries before the flowering of other great urban civilizations of Mesoamerica.
The Olmec world holds a special place in the sweep of cultures that rose and fell in the New World before the arrival of Europeans.
By the late 1950s radiocarbon dates from La Venta proved that the site had flourished between about 800 and 400 B.C. -- centuries before the flowering of other great urban civilizations of Mesoamerica.
The move infuriated Clinton administration officials, who were caught off guard and unable to take credit before the television cameras.
But those disasters may also be what saves Wilson because they have showcased before the television cameras his steady, yet bland, ability to take charge.
``We cannot take a chance that terrorists might steal a nuclear weapons and then use it against a nation, any nation,'' he said before leaving Washington.
For those who are trying to revive Jewish culture here, like Rabbi Michael Schudrich, a New Yorker who runs the youth center where the documents where found, the most touching discovery is an excerpt from a Hanukkah address that Moshe Burstein wrote shortly before his death at Treblinka.
``My wife says before long we'll have more kids here in gangs than in school.'' In the village of San Bartolo, as in others, a gang has emerged to oppose the deportees.
Some 750 students are enrolled in this school, where Irene Garrett, who grew up in a shack without running water or electricity in the reservation town of Mission, stands before her Indian college students, and teaches the writings of Linda Hogan, an Osage; Lisa Cook-Lynn, a Lower Brule Sioux, and Simon Ortiz, a Hopi.
Even before Saturday's high-scoring game between Germany and Belgium in the drizzle of Soldier Field, this was an upswing World Cup because of rules jiggered to encourage more offense.
The goalie before Cordoba, Rene Higuita, went to prison because he was too friendly with Pablo Escobar, the Jefe de Todos Jefes of Colombia drugs, and when Pablo Escobar was finally hunted down and killed, Higuita was out of prison, but also out of soccer.
They held a moment of silent prayer for Andres Escobar before Saturday's Germany-Belgium game, and defenders continued to take their chances in front of the goal.
For tribes with vast lands of native wheat and blue grama grasses, the bison fit perfectly on the plains, as they had for centuries before being driven to near-extinction in the late 1800s, devastating the Indian economy.
Shortly before the show ended the man stood to leave.
Examine your lifestyle objectively before you decide to choose a pet.
Research the type of pet you want before you buy or adopt.
In the decades before the Civil War, evangelical reform in the North was associated with preachers like Charles Grandison Finney, who opposed Calvinist beliefs about predestination, teaching their followers that they could achieve salvation by choosing to do good.
Now 65, Ames feels he is racing against the clock to ``solve aging and/or cancer before my neurons decay.'' Not that his colleagues have noticed any dulling of his tack-sharp scientific mind, his rapid-fire ripostes and his widely admired ability to unify disparate areas of research into a common, logical construct of how cancer starts, flourishes and eventually consumes its host.
A day before a team time trial that is expected to shake up the standings, Chris Boardman, an Englishman with Gan, is first over all by 15 seconds over Miguel Indurain, a Spaniard with Banesto and the defending champion.
Wacker is a Michigan native who worked for a toy company and think tank before joining Yankelovich Partners in 1986.
The victim did not recall being bitten by any animal, but before he became ill he had been caring for a sick kitten, which might have been exposed to a rabid bat.
``It was before everyone started dreading their hair.
Now 56-5 this year, he dropped just one set in seven rounds, granted Ivanisevic just two break points and denied them both, and generally performed like one of the extraterrestrials the British bookmakers are forever predicting will win Wimbledon before another British-born player rises to the task.
Why do you have to go bankrupt before you can die?
Investigators knew about the affair but it had occurred before the late 1970s, when HIV began its spread in the United States, the period of focus of the investigation, and the man's name did not appear on a list of AIDS cases reported to health officials Jaffe said much of the ``60 Minutes'' information was misleading or incorrect.
The agency never obtained the depositions because its investigation was completed beforehand, Jaffe said.
IT'S ELEGANCE AGAIN, WITH WHIFFS OF 1950 PARIS  (BC-MEN-FASHION-470(2TAKES)-NYT) If you put this season's Paris men's wear photos beside those of a year ago, they would look like the before-and-after pictures advertising some miraculous, life-enhancing elixir.
On your left, the wrinkly, droopy, washed-out before.
Except after this competition, he tips the scale a few pounds heavier than before.
Their work demonstrates both the conservation and that the tool kit can be deployed to create variations between species.'' Nijhout said, ``This is the first molecular and genetic handle we have on the process of pattern formation in butterflies.'' By building on the fruit-fly work, the Wisconsin team has taken a leap of understanding, he said, since ``it could have taken centuries before we would have gotten a gene like distal-less out of butterflies.'' To those who would object that he has destroyed the mystery of the butterfly's wing by explaining it, Carroll replies that understanding how diversity is created from simple elements is something that ``enriches our appreciation.'' ``Less than one-tenth of 1 percent of species that have ever lived are still alive today,'' he added, ``and wouldn't it be nice to understand creatures we can never see, like dinosaurs and the dragonflies with one meter wingspans.'' 
It's scuffed, spat on and rubbed in the mud before it ever sails over home plate, and then it's bludgeoned by a man with a stick.
Then it is weighed and measured again before stamping with the commissioner's signature and company insignia.
Because I could see the president in his pajamas and that our train would wait for us.'' Truman died in 1972 before his teen-age grandson could get to know him well.
``My grandfather and I had very few meaningful discussions.He died before I was mature enough to realize that I should have been sitting down with him.'' After his death, Truman's standing soared.
Dr. George had sung the opera's leading role of Madame Flora, a fraudulent spiritualist, at the dedication of the Karamu Lyric Theater in Cleveland the year before.
Now, she and thousands of other Navy women will be trained for roles they've never held before: permanent assignments in combat units.
In part because of Tailhook, and in part because men and women will be together on ships for longer periods than before -- combat ships routinely deploy overseas for six months at a time -- the Navy has developed programs to train men and women to work together.
The year before, he earned half that, though he says his management practices were identical.
Even Prudential Securities, which put together the deal, has agreed to accept $67,000 as full payment for a $116,500 fee it is owed for due diligence it performed before the value of the deal collapsed.
Evans Withycombe did not get the property appraised before making the bid.
From this elevation the rising city seemed to fall back before something that wasn't a city, a squared black expanse of black water that was in fact the geometrical absence of a city.'' Some of those walls still exist, beneath the Public Library.
Poland's geographical position bordering the former Soviet Union and its history of domination by the Russians, even before the Communist era, largely explain why Poland more than any other Eastern European nation is clamoring to join the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.
The unemployment rate -- in this instance, for June -- is considered a backward-looking indicator, and the Federal Reserve is particularly interested these days in looking forward to head off inflation before it becomes evident.
Falconer and other analysts pointed to definite, though not unmixed, signs that the economy is slowing well before this year's rate increases take full effect.
The retailer's senior creditors, whose claims are secured with real estate and other collateral and who must be paid in full before junior creditors like the bondholders receive anything, have agreed to a merger.
When someone after the game asked Dick Advocaat, the Dutch coach, whether his team was hanging back in the second half with a 2-0 lead, he scratched his bald head and thought for a moment before saying ``Do you know the rules of soccer?'' ``What decided the match,'' Advocaat said, ``was that the Irish didn't get the opportunity to play their type of game.'' After Bergkamp's goal, the Dutch dictated the tempo.
Despite the Clinton administration's official portrayal of Iran as a rogue regime with similarities to Iraq before its invasion of Kuwait, Tehran lacks the money, military equipment, and trained personnel to seriously threaten its neighbors, say a number of experts on Iran outside and even within the administration.
``It will be some time before it is translated into military effectiveness.'' He cited the limited availability of resources and the government's ambivalence about creating an effective military capable of using advanced weapons.
Bonds, who has 22 homers, stood at the plate and watched the ball fall into the empty orange seats before taking his home-run trot.
After giving up an infield single to Robby Thompson to lead off the third inning, Remlinger retired 17 of the next 18 San Francisco batters, including 12 straight, before Bonds's homer.
The Giants' only serious offensive challenge before Bonds's blast came in the first inning, when Remlinger loaded the bases on two walks and a single by Bonds.
The dollar set a record closing low against the Japanese yen in Tokyo on Monday before recovering to end slightly higher in London.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) According to one Japanese currency trader in New York, some Japanese corporations had been holding their dollars, hoping to wait until the dollar rose to 105 yen -- the level at which most corporations did their 1994 profit plans -- before converting them back to yen.
They will always have the time they reached the second round of the World Cup, and forced Brazil to dig out its hipper-dipper flicks and feints, before the ball went in the net and Brazil defeated the United States, 1-0.
``It is the way to the future.'' His statement was made less than 24 hours before an American-supported proposal to partition the country is to be made to negotiators in Geneva.
President Alija Izetbegovic of Bosnia offered thanks just before the Stars and Stripes were raised.
To people who work alongside her and on opposite sides of the courtroom, the answer was clear long before Clark walked into court as the lead prosecutor in the O.J. Simpson murder case.
So before undertaking less cerebral activities, they came here for a communal refresher course.
``It's a chance to see each other, greet neighbors and just think about the significance of the day before going off to picnics.
They will always have the time they reached the second round of the World Cup, and forced Brazil to dig out its hipper-dipper flicks and feints, before the ball went in the net and Brazil defeated the United States, 1-0.
Finally, given too many chances, Brazil quit hitting the goalposts and found the net in the 74th minute as its magnificent forwards, Romario and Bebeto, combined to produce the lone goal in a 1-0 victory before a celebratory crowd of 84,147 at Stanford Stadium.
A minute before halftime, Ramos and Leonardo, Brazil's forward-charging defender, were scrambling for the ball near the left sideline when Ramos stepped out of bounds.
Seconds before halftime, he blasted a shot into the right crossbar.
But, Lord, how tough their opponents, a team from the United States, had made it for the Brazilians before they finally scored after 74 minutes of scoreless frustration.
Maybe that's a step forward.'' They are leaving the field now, but before they do they are turning in every direction and applauding and waving goodbye to us.
Police officers can also proceed when, as the California Supreme Court said in 1972, they perceive an ``imminent and substantial threat to life, health or property.'' Experts say that, because the police had found the bodies in a pool of blood just hours before and investigators routinely include the spouse of a victim as a suspect, the stains on the door handle could be interpreted by the court as reasonable cause to search for additional evidence.
``Like Ronald Reagan before her,'' said John Rother, a Clinton ally who is the chief lobbyist for the American Association of Retired Persons, ``she understands that to be in the strongest possible position, you've got to state your case forcefully and as much on principle as you can.'' No one disputes that Mrs.
DECISION DUE ON MATTINGLY  (BC-BBA-YANKS-MATTINGLY-NYT) After a week of waiting for the pain in Don Mattingly's right wrist to subside, the Yankees decided Monday to wait one more day before probably placing him on the disabled list.
Mattingly, who fielded grounders before Monday's game, will partake in batting practice Tuesday, and a decision will be made afterward.
	Markets 	The dollar set a record closing low against the Japanese yen in Tokyo before ending slightly higher in London.
``The contract you get for the payments program is ridiculous,'' Rothermel said shortly before last week's meetings with the agency.
Even before the disclosure this spring that Blair had guided Mrs.
Tyson Foods had holdings in Mexico even before the treaty was passed.
At 13, Blair dressed down his church congregation for what he recalled as ``their non-religious focus.'' Ordained as a Baptist minister at 18, he raced through the University of Arkansas, completing law school before he was 22.
Blair said he had urged Clinton to settle the case and, according to a participant, informally met with utility officials to prepare the ground before talks began.
The difference now, and particularly in the New York metropolitan market, is that there are more players and more plays to make than ever before.
Although the plane's pilots were warned about 90 seconds before the crash that conditions were right for wind shear to develop, officials of the National Transportation Safety Board continued to stress that wind shear was only one aspect of their investigation of the cause of the accident.
One survivor, Stanley Williams, an Army sergeant and air traffic controller, introduced another puzzle on Monday when he said in a hospital interview with reporters that he believed the plane was coming in at an improper 45-degree angle to the runway before aborting its landing.
But it will probably be years before planes are required to include the equipment, experts say.
She said that Section 106 of the National Historic Preservation Act requires that all alternatives be analyzed before the press box can be demolished.
``There was a stadium there before the Raiders and there will be a stadium after the Raiders.'' Webb said the Statue of Liberty and the Coliseum aren't a fair comparison.
And long before the Clinton administration began its campaign for national health care reform, Axelrod in 1989 proposed a universal health insurance plan for New Yorkers -- including 2.5 million who had no insurance -- that would have given Albany sweeping control over the fees hospitals and doctors charge.
The bill is to come before the full Congress later this summer, but aides to Moynihan said the Guadalcanal transfer is not expected to be an issue.
Uelmen prepared the defense team's written motion to the court last week and is expected to argue Tuesday's motion before Kennedy-Powell.
They spent two days last week calling witnesses to help establish when the slayings might have taken place and to detail how Simpson purchased a 15-inch knife five weeks before the slayings.
And three weeks before that, he ran a noble third in the Metropolitan Handicap behind two dazzling junior stars, Holy Bull and Cherokee Run.
It's a chance to see each other, greet neighbors and just think about the significance of the day before going off to picnics.
Police say Cochran held three girls captive at a home in an upscale Lodi neighborhood before taking one of them, Katie Romanek, from the house at knife-point.
But police have learned of at least two incidents involving what Hansen called ``creepy behavior'' by Cochran shortly before he allegedly approached the Romanek house at 4 p.m. Saturday.
They earned a franchise-record 106 points in the regular season, second best in the league behind the New York Rangers, and advanced to the seventh game of the Eastern Conference final before being eliminated by the Rangers in double overtime for the right to play for the Stanley Cup.
Schneider and his wife disappeared shortly before Easter, taking about $130 million with them and leaving $3 billion in company debts.
She said that Section 106 of the National Historic Preservation Act requires that all alternatives be analyzed before the press box can be demolished.
``There was a stadium there before the Raiders and there will be a stadium after the Raiders.'' Webb said the Statue of Liberty and the Coliseum aren't a fair comparison.
To people who work alongside her and on opposite sides of the courtroom, the answer was clear long before Clark walked into court as the lead prosecutor in the O.J. Simpson murder case.
Also pending before the preliminary hearing judge is a decision on what will become of the manila envelope which possibly contains evidence gathered by the defense and has been sealed under supervision of court special master.
``I wouldn't be surprised if before they get to the motion to suppress, that they discuss this mysterious envelope,'' Pugsley said.
On Thursday -- the day before the envelope was delivered to Kennedy-Powell -- a sales clerk from a downtown cutlery store testified that he sold Simpson the knife on May 3.
The location of the toys, apparently obtained hours before the accident when the group stopped at a McDonald's restaurant, will help authorities determine where the van was when it was hit by the truck, officials said.
Steve Ware of Fort Worth said his brother told him that the van ``swerved out there, and when they jumped on the freeway he was right up on them before he could do anything about it.'' ``I tried to tell him last night when he got home that it wasn't his fault,'' Steve Ware said, ``but when something like this happens and so many people are killed, you can't really say anything.'' Nicole Funches and another passenger of the van, 4-year-old Gregory Bell, were released Monday from Campbell Memorial.
But that's the type of case where we would have wanted to watch that bus on a screen.'' The agency ordered the high-tech system in 1988 and it was set for delivery in July 1990 -- 10 months before the May 15, 1991, Rogers shooting.
He said the agency agreed to make available 10 radio frequencies to operate the system, but then told the company -- one month before the project was due in 1990 -- that they couldn't produce all the signals at the agreed-upon frequencies.
Hamilton Fish -- fell afoul of partisan maneuvering and personal pique before finally succeeding on Saturday.
``That gives me the push that now I can do what I really want to do, get a job, go to college, stay away from the people, things, and places that got me in here.'' Matamoros finished high school in prison -- reading short stories and a science text assigned to him before he was detained; sending his homework through the mail to be corrected by faculty at his old high school, and using a prison boot-camp program as a substitute for physical education class.
But before he went away, he paid a visit to the attendance coordinator, Mary Ann Kellen, and asked her for a favor.
Kellen approached the assistant principals in charge of the English and science departments, who agreed to the unusual arrangement, giving Matamoros a volume of short stories, an ecology textbook, and a list of homework assignments before he left the school that day.
``I just can't get anything to fall in,'' Karros said before the game.
On a frustrating night before a season-high 54,859 at Dodger Stadium, Martinez was left with his third loss in four starts, falling 5-1 Monday to a Montreal Expos club that didn't exactly tear the cover off the ball.
Karros, whose slide reached 0 for 19 before his eighth-inning RBI single off Mel Rojas, left the bases full with a soft fly to left that ended the inning.
``I just can't get anything to fall in,'' Karros said before the game.
Although Flight 1016's pilots were warned about 90 seconds before the crash that conditions were right for wind shear to develop, officials of the National Transportation Safety Board continued to stress that the weather was only one aspect of their investigation of the cause of the accident.
``These people have never been gathered together in one place before.'' The participants, many of whom call themselves Forteans, swapped stories about poltergeists and the Bermuda Triangle.
The reason is simple: Rather than be activated three games before the All-Star break, the Braves third baseman may be served better by giving the back an additional week's rest.
The game was interrupted repeatedly by rain (Monday's never started) before grinding on into extra innings.
``I gotta (urinate).'' Chattanooga's Bill Bulger, 47, plopped himself down on the ground seconds before reaching the starting line, ripped off both shoes and socks, and took out a small tub of Vaseline.
The board had concluded that Jolliff's sexual relationship with the woman patient caused her ``anxiety and depression, and her mental and emotional health (were) damaged.'' ``He admitted the primary allegations,'' said Sam Stone, an Austin lawyer who represented Jolliff before the board.
But Daniel Bishop, an Austin lawyer who represented Darby before the board, said he still maintains his innocence.
Particularly if I'd been listening to ``I Love a Mystery'' or ``Gangbusters'' on the radio the night before.
When I was about 7 years old, I spent several sweltering days picking bugs off the green leaves before they were strung to sticks.
Six advisers agreed on little but one thing: that the ``free ride'' is indeed over and making money is not going to be as easy as before.
But before we get to that, perhaps it would be well to recall what I wrote about soccer three or four years ago -- before (hallelujah!) I saw the light: ``I have no firsthand knowledge of how soccer originated, but I strongly suspect that a group of fun-loving but none-too-bright lads, having been tossed out of every pub in their village for conduct unbecoming a drunk, decided that it would be jolly good fun to invent a new game so dumb and so boring that nobody would ever want to play it, much less watch it.
Since world financial markets are anxiously waiting to see what happens at the summit before deciding whether to take another hefty whack at the battered U.S. currency, these developments hardly suggest that the Naples session will provide the reassurance needed to buoy international confidence in the dollar.
Since world financial markets are anxiously waiting to see what happens at the summit before deciding whether to take another hefty whack at the battered U.S. currency, these developments hardly suggest that the Naples session will provide the reassurance needed to buoy international confidence in the dollar.
``Mama is the generation before mine,'' said Field, who has won Oscars for other resonant representations of Southern strength in ``Norma Rae'' and ``Places in the Heart.'' ``She stands for all the promises of what America was to be.
Tribal leaders eventually declined the offer, but not before creating an uproar among some members, government officials and environmentalists.
On Wednesday, Arafat will meet with Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and Foreign Minister Shimon Peres in Paris before the three collect a peace prize from UNESCO, the United Nations Educational Scientific and Cultural Organization.
Tribe members then turned to Congress, winning a special dispensation that allowed them to have their case heard before a U.S. Claims Court, and a trial was held in 1986 in Austin.
The case is again before the appeals panel.
Irene Mortensen, an INS spokeswoman, said the agency has developed a standardized test to quell fears about unfair treatment and has approved outside testing services where the literacy and civics tests can be taken before the INS interview.
At the present time, it takes an average of six months before an applicant is granted an oral interview and test.
But there are several levels of deliberate misdirection in their description that parents ought to know about before entrusting their children to the schools.
Although the prosecution has indicated that it will not rely on DNA tests of the blood at the preliminary hearing, before this case is over all of us probably will learn a great deal about genetics and the newly developing field of DNA testing.
All of the participants in this case know that they are being watched and evaluated as never before, and as never again, in their legal careers.
Although the prosecution has indicated that it will not rely on DNA tests of the blood at the preliminary hearing, before this case is over all of us probably will learn a great deal about genetics and the newly developing field of DNA testing.
All of the participants in this case know that they are being watched and evaluated as never before, and as never again, in their legal careers.
If you must use the freezer to chill wine, set a kitchen timer as a reminder to take the bottle out before it's too late.
A resourceful English journalist saved us; he wrapped the bottles in wet newspapers and stood them before the wheezing air-conditioner.
Should anyone pull alongside me dangling a $100 bottle of Krug from a car window, I'd pretend he was offering it to me, grab it and be off before the light changed.
If you must use the freezer to chill wine, set a kitchen timer as a reminder to take the bottle out before it's too late.
A resourceful English journalist saved us; he wrapped the bottles in wet newspapers and stood them before the wheezing air-conditioner.
Should anyone pull alongside me dangling a $100 bottle of Krug from a car window, I'd pretend he was offering it to me, grab it and be off before the light changed.
Lambert spent two years at the Fort Smith, Ark., school before enrolling at Baylor last fall.
Bowers, who has filed a $4 million lawsuit against the university, has provided the SWC with documents and testimony indicating that a paper matching the one described by Lambert was faxed to Drummond at Westark from the Baylor basketball office through the arrangements of Johnson a week before the signing date for recruits in April 1993.
``But now we've come down to making a more neutral bagel, not as tough, and it weighs four ounces.'' Bagel Oasis still makes bagels by hand and still boils them before baking.
And though Christian, the master hairdresser, says models are an enviable bunch, headed, if things go right, for fame and fortune ``before they are eligible for their driver's license,'' they are as aware as athletes of what perils can lie on the far side of the legal driving age.
She writes: ``I made my peace with that choice, but it has taken me more than nine years to get over the feeling of not being pretty enough, not being good enough for anything, and so much of that came from modeling.'' She is not the only one to talk about insecurities past and present, and the book's most touching photographs are the ones Elgort has taken of young models just before or after a day's work.
	EXXON-VALDEZ-TRIAL (Cordova, Alaska) -- For those who have not seen it before, Prince William Sound is vibrant and beautiful, as if it had never been touched by the Exxon Valdez oil spill.
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 115 calories, 9 grams fat, 1 milligram cholesterol, 395 milligrams sodium (before salting), 2 grams protein, 6 grams carbohydrate.
If the noodles seem dry when the dish is ready to serve, stir in more water before removing from heat.
Eight years earlier, Aaron Stromholt, 17, of Key West also became a quadriplegic after diving from that pier, which extends 300 feet from the shoreline, prompting some people to expect deep water below despite signs proclaiming ``No Diving, Shallow Water.'' Two years before Stromholt's accident, Robin Schimmel, a high school senior and football hero, met with the same fate off the same pier, and two years before that accident, another young man had a similar one.
Rosenblatt, a Miami lawyer who won a $4.2 million personal injury award for Stromholt, asked, ``How many young people must become quadriplegics from diving accidents before meaningful action is taken to prevent such tragedies?'' Stromholt's doctor, Barth Green, who heads the spinal cord unit at Jackson Memorial Hospital in Miami and the Miami Project to Cure Paralysis, has found that most diving victims had no idea that they could be so severely injured by diving into shallow water.
One study of pool-related spinal injuries revealed that 42 percent of the victims had been drinking before or during their time in the pool.
They've said that before, of course, but now they've taken steps to prevent caving in.
The question is whether the hardliners will continue this to their own destruction.'' Berkeley-based agent Jeff Moorad agreed.``Once again, the owners in baseball have put the cart before the horse, refusing to deal adequately with the problems facing them as a group before turning to the players,'' Moorad said.
``Carol and I never had any children -- until that last year and a half of her mother's life.'' When Dora died, right before Christmas 1993, Spike and Carol planted a tree in their back yard.
They've said that before, of course, but now they've taken steps to prevent caving in.
The question is whether the hardliners will continue this to their own destruction.'' Berkeley-based agent Jeff Moorad agreed.``Once again, the owners in baseball have put the cart before the horse, refusing to deal adequately with the problems facing them as a group before turning to the players,'' Moorad said.
	Shortly before Arafat presided over the first official ceremony -- to appoint 12 Palestinian officials to govern over these lands until free elections are held in October -- the PLO chairman gave a speech to a modest crowd of Palestinians, vowing that this day would represent the start of ``a Palestinian state with Jerusalem as its capital''.
Then, a few kilometers later, Eddy Seigneur, another Gan rider, took a right turn badly and needed to take his right foot off the pedal to steady himself before he crashed into a crowd barrier.
	Shortly before Arafat presided over the first official ceremony -- to appoint 12 Palestinian officials to govern over these lands until free elections are held in October -- the PLO chairman gave a speech to a modest crowd of Palestinians, vowing that this day would represent the start of ``a Palestinian state with Jerusalem as its capital''.
What Matisse did with color, and with rendering and variations in the weight of paint, is so radical that it gives you the feeling that painting is being born before your very eyes.
Together, they settled on ``All the Right Women'' as the title song -- although, in the version presented Friday, that particular song will not be choreographed, but will be sung as part of a short set before the ballet.
The announcement came just hours before Clinton was embarking on a four-nation European trip designed in part to polish his image as a master of foreign policy.
At issue was whether the duck legs had to be salted for 12 hours or so before they were simmered in duck fat to make confit, as tradition dictates in Gascony, where it is a specialty.
Even Laurent Manrique, the chef at Peacock Alley in the Waldorf-Astoria and the only Gascon on the panel, groaned when the last plate of four samples was placed before him.
Approximate nutritional analysis per tablespoon: 70 calories, 7 grams fat, 1 milligram cholesterol, 25 milligrams sodium (before salting), 2 grams protein, 2 grams carbohydrate.
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 100 calories, 4 grams fat, 0 milligrams cholesterol, 135 milligrams sodium (before optional salting), 5 grams protein, 12 grams carbohydrate.
Approximate nutritional analysis per two cloves: 20 calories, 1 gram fat, 0 milligrams cholesterol, 1 milligram sodium (before salting), 0 grams protein, 2 grams carbohydrate.
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 390 calories, 17 grams fat, 4 milligrams cholesterol, 55 milligrams sodium (before salting), 12 grams protein, 50 grams carbohydrate.
The president wrote to Smith, congratulating him on an idea Smith had ``first proposed'' five years before.
	Shortly before the card went to press, though, White House image-makers decided that the Frosty tie just wasn't presidential.
	Shortly before the card went to press, though, White House image-makers decided that the Frosty tie just wasn't presidential.
Insiders have lots of ways to get their hands on stock before they resort to buying it on the open market.
Many have shares from before the company went public.
From the real biggies, such as Pink Floyd and the Rolling Stones, to reformed FM gods like Traffic and Steely Dan, to hardy touring vets like Yes, ZZ Top and Aerosmith, fans are being inundated with concerts as never before -- and being asked to pay more than ever before, too.
The problem, according to fans, is burnout: There are too many shows that cost too much, and many of them are by groups they've seen before, sometimes several times.
I paid one price to see a band before, and I won't pay five times as much to see 'em again.
However, researchers say it will be at least a decade before such measures are tried in patients.
Formal of Philadelphia noted that ``the majority of people with chronic spinal injuries are not depressed'' and that ``the majority still rate their quality of life as `good' or `excellent.''' Still, they added, the divorce rate is high during the first years after the injury, half of the patients who were working before the accident never return to work, and suicide is more frequent, especially among those who remain unemployed and socially isolated after the injury.
NEW YORK  (BC-BOOK-TALK-2NDTAKE-NYT) In yet another sign of the growing importance of Spanish-speaking readers to American publishers, Penguin USA has announced plans to publish Gabriel Garcia Marquez's forthcoming novel in Spanish, even before the English-language edition reaches the United States.
	In January, Freedman will begin a six-month sabbatical that had been scheduled before his illness was diagnosed.
``We know we can learn from each other,'' Clinton told a labor, business and diplomatic audience in Washington before embarking on a four-nation trip to Europe that includes a meeting of the leaders of the seven major industrial democracies.
``It's just that there are so many of them.'' She glanced over at the technicians testing sound equipment for Clinton's speech before the Freedom Monument, and said, ``I just don't know if he can understand how painful it is for us to be so surrounded.'' 
``Much remains to be done,'' Yerin said, ``so that the professionalism, honesty, orderliness of every worker of the Interior Ministry organs will meet the standards of the society we are building together.'' Freeh, who was quick to admit that the United States has a severe organized-crime problem of its own, praised draft anti-corruption legislation now before the Russian Parliament.
``Maybe things will be better than before,'' said Mrs.
Also, most of them voted for Rabin's Labor Party in 1992, a decision many now regret because they consider it only a matter of time before they are forced to move out as Palestinian authority expands beyond Gaza and Jericho to the entire West Bank.
The French had once before rescued the Rwanda government, by sending in paratroopers in December 1990, a few months after the rebels launched the civil war.
``They're going to let him go, I bet.'' The boy said he had not thought much about Simpson before his arrest.
CLINTON SEES U.S. SECURITY TIED TO WORLDWIDE ECONOMIC GROWTH WASHINGTON  (BC-CLINTON-EUROPE-ART-NYT) President Clinton declared on Tuesday that U.S. security and the success of his presidency are tied to economic growth worldwide, and that the major industrial nations have a rare chance ``to create jobs in a world of prosperity.'' Just before leaving for Europe and the annual summit meeting of the seven major industrial democracies, Clinton used a gathering of business leaders and diplomats at the Commerce Department to make the case that his policies have revived the economy and asserted global leadership.
``In other words, we have to lay the foundation for the 21st-century economy, one in which change will be the order of the day, and the real question will be whether change is our friend or our enemy.'' Clinton left Washington on Tuesday evening for an eight-day trip, beginning with a speech in Riga, Latvia, and a stop in Warsaw before the four-day economic summit meeting begins Friday in Naples.
Although industry experts say Greene is almost certain to deny the new petition, the Bells are hoping that they can prevail either at appeals-court level or before the Supreme Court.
One of those, Ameritech, is pursuing a separate petition before the Justice Department to begin an experimental long-distance service.
He never has acted before.
Just as important, he never has boxed before.
``Except for the Dow industrial average, the markets showed little movement, reflecting a belief by traders that the Federal Reserve may wait until Friday's June unemployment report before taking any action in interest rates,'' Harry W.
``We're getting close to a turning point, but we may have to test the April lows once more before starting the anticipated summer rally,'' Laubscher said.
``They're going to let him go, I bet.'' The boy said he had not thought much about Simpson before his arrest.
Only 24 percent preferred Walesa to Jaruzelski, who governed Poland from 1981 to 1989 under Communism and then briefly as president before free elections in December 1990.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) One reason the Fed may be willing to wait for more evidence of inflation, he added, is that in August, Greenspan must appear before Congress to explain his policies -- and Congress has been increasingly critical of the Fed's actions.
Keys often described himself as an economic doctor rather than a long-term manager, and before entering the new government he hinted strongly that he saw the assignment as temporary.
Shortly before Arafat presided over the first official ceremony -- to appoint 12 Palestinian officials to govern over these lands until free elections are held in October -- the PLO chairman gave a speech to a modest crowd of Palestinians, vowing that this day would represent the start of ``a Palestinian state with Jerusalem as its capital''.
Shaath said Arafat did not say a word on the hourlong flight, which followed a path over Tel Aviv and the Mediterranean Sea before heading over the West Bank to Jericho.
Some buses carrying Palestinians were delayed and attacked by groups of settlers who banged on them before the Israeli army intervened and got them moving again.
In the grunge era, the Stones are still old-fashioned blues-rockers, a guitar band from the days before heavy metal.
``It would have been a notch in Mets history, but I'm very happy getting a win.'' With his typically dominant fastball and a better-than-usual breaking ball, Saberhagen threw 99 pitches, 66 for strikes, before Manager Dallas Green lifted him for a pinch-hitter in the top of the ninth.
Now, though, Saberhagen is thinking about traveling to Pittsburgh for the All-Star Game as a 10-game winner, a feat he could accomplish should he defeat the Los Angeles Dodgers on Sunday, when he is scheduled to start in the Mets' final game before the break.
``I Go Wild,'' the confession of a compulsive satyr, has a muscular, blaring guitar riff reminiscent of ``Happy,'' and the lyrics briefly rekindle Jagger's verbal facility before devolving into a list of evil women: borderline misogyny unredeemed by insight.
The Stones have made mediocre albums before, as in their mid-1970s slump, and rebounded too.
The new prime minister invited the comparisons, warning the team, hopefully in jest, before they left for the United States that if they came back too soon he would lift their passports.
As the punishing game moved toward the final minutes, with Referee Arturo Brizio Carter assessing a tournament-tying nine yellow cards plus the red card to Italy's Gianfranco Zola, several players were forced to compete with cramps before they could contend with an opponent.
``The woman had undergone hip reconstruction surgery shortly before the incident,'' Janowski said, reading from a report prepared by a field investigator in Mostar.
``One of the things that enabled us to be so successful on this is that we got our message out long before the calliope of voices on the issue was able to drown us out.'' The heart of the federation's strategy is simple: Step 1, decide which senators and representatives will be the swing votes on the committees charged with health care issues.
Last Tuesday, two days before the Senate Finance Committee voted out a bill without employer mandates, the House Energy and Commerce Committee gave up its efforts to approve any health care bill.
Just before 6:40 p.m. on Saturday, Flight 1016 radioed the tower asking for a condition report from the pilot about to land ahead of them.
Just before 6:42 p.m., the flight was six-tenths of a mile from the runway and 250 feet above the ground.
A Fokker F-100 twin jet that landed two minutes before the accident reported a smooth landing in light rain with no wind shear but that heavy rain began as the plane rolled to a stop.
 (BC-CAROLINA-CRASH-2NDTAKE-NYT) Airport sensors indicate that the plane flew into heavy gusting headwinds that increased from 21 knots to 35 knots, almost 40 miles per hour, in about a minute, from just before 6:42 to just before 6:43.
I've said this before, and I'll say it again.
The detectives' testimony was a result of a defense motion to suppress this evidence, much of which was gathered before the authorities obtained a search warrant late that morning.
Just before 11 o'clock, Park said, a ``white male'' at the residence, Kaelin, opened the gate for him.
They left for the airport at 11:15, about 30 minutes before the flight's scheduled departure, Park testified.
He was first interviewed by defense lawyers on June 14 and then testified before a grand jury that was later dismissed from the case.
Detective Mark Fuhrman said that upon arrival there, he and other detectives spotted a white Ford Bronco parked in ``a haphazard manner, with the rear end kicked out to the street.'' He said they then rang the bell at the gate continually for 10 to 15 minutes without response before learning from Westtec, a local security agency, that Simpson was out of town.
Hitting the Florida Panhandle early Sunday with winds of 60 miles an hour, it caused relatively little damage in Florida and southeastern Alabama before stalling over Georgia on Monday.
``Only by taking people's money before they see it has the government been able to raise taxes to their current level without igniting a rebellion,'' Armey says.
It would take two years before a Department of Veterans Affairs neuropsychiatrist in Tacoma would discover that he had suffered severe brain damage.
In my 10 years of working with people with brain injury, I never saw anything like this before,'' said Alice Johansen, program manager at the Center of Continuing Rehabilitation in nearby Puyallup.
``There is nothing in the literature to indicate that someone gains skills after this kind of brain damage.'' With dozens of his drawings, most of them done with color pencil, spread out before him on his kitchen table, Geraci begins to tell his saga.
``I called them his runaway trips,'' Sarah Geraci said, glancing at the husband she married the year before the accident.
I'd never done it before.
Lenders usually require that a home carry insurance before they sign off on a mortgage.
He said that before the Rahn case, the largest verdict awarded was $4.6 million in 1981 to a San Diego woman he represented.
Saberhagen was routinely excellent, pitching six perfect innings before two solo homers got in the way, as the New York Mets beat the Giants, 4-2, at Candlestick Park.
``Games like this it seems you're in the sixth inning before the game even starts,'' Dusty Baker said.
John Burkett (5-7) was pushed forward in the rotation a day, a move designed to get him one extra start before the All-Star break.
U.S. SOCCER: WORLD CUP EFFORT WINS ADMIRERS  (BC-SOC-U.S.-375&ADD-SFCHRON) The Americans, the target of many bitter and cynical comments before the tournament, showed the nattering nabobs that they, too, can play the game.
L.A. COUNTY AEROSPACE JOBS CUT IN HALF FROM '88 LOS ANGELES  (BC-AERO-JOBS-LADN) Aerospace employment in Los Angeles County has fallen to less than half of its peak in 1988 and will decline further before the decade's end, a research group said.
He practiced law in Greece and France before coming to New York on a visit in 1939.
``We've never had a time when the customer arrived before the crew was ready,'' Clark declared.
WITNESS SAYS NOBODY ANSWERED INTERCOM AT 10:40 P.M. LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-KILLINGS-3Takes-LADN) Guided by a prosecutor hoping to undermine O.J. Simpson's alibi, a limousine driver said that no one answered an intercom at Simpson's estate until someone walked to the front door and disappeared inside just before 11 p.m. Allan Park, testifying Tuesday at Simpson's preliminary hearing, said he arrived at the home at 10:25 p.m., about 20 minutes early, to shuttle Simpson to Los Angeles International Airport on the night the former football star's ex-wife and her friend were slain.
Several minutes later, he said he saw an African-American ``walking pretty fast' into the house just before 11 p.m. Seconds later, a voice came over the intercom.
 (BC-SIMPSON-KILLINGS-2ndtake-LADN) Shortly before 11 p.m., Park testified he saw a white male inside the gate, later identified in testimony as Kaelin.
``I've never seen him before so everything seemed O.K. to me,'' he said.
So to hear him with people that actually play ancient music is no different.'' Collins, speaking on the phone from his Cincinnati studio, said: ``Bill's hooked into the universe, and to me that's a bigger bank to be tapped into than some of the stuff I've done before.
Testimony began Tuesday before Judge Kathleen Kennedy-Powell on a defense motion to suppress 34 pieces of evidence taken from the Bronco and from the Simpson estate in the Los Angeles area of Brentwood.
The prosecution's filing was in response to a defense motion made last week that sought to discredit key evidence -- including red stains believed to be blood and a stained glove -- before it is entered in court.
But it was evident on his face when he mentioned the four-homer push he made in the final 10 days before the team was picked, and still was ignored.
it was my first win in the major leagues, what can I say?'' Valdes' milestone was accomplished before his mother, aunt, cousin and 12-year-old sister, all visiting this week from the family's home in Victoria, Tamaulipas, Mexico, and in the crowd of 32,449.
Astacio opened with 41/3 no-hit innings before Webster's fifth-inning, game-tying homer to left (No.4).
Astacio also retired 11 of the last 12 Expos he faced before the Dodgers hit for him in the bottom of the eighth.
The plane climbed from 150 feet above the ground to 350 before falling, and reached its maximum power three to four seconds before hitting the ground, he said.
 (BC-CAROLINA-CRASH-2NDTAKE-NYT) Just before 6:40 p.m. on Saturday, Flight 1016 radioed the tower asking for a condition report from the pilot about to land ahead of them.
Just before 6:42 p.m., the flight was 0.6 mile from the runway and 250 feet above the ground.
A Fokker F-100 twin jet that landed two minutes before the accident reported that it had a smooth landing in light rain with no wind shear but that heavy rain began as the plane rolled to a stop.
Airport sensors indicate that the plane flew into heavy gusting headwinds that increased to 35 knots, almost 40 miles an hour, from 21 knots in about a minute, from just before 6:42 to just before 6:43.
In the letter he wrote to the public before he was taken into custody, Simpson said, ``Nicole and I had a great relationship for most of our lives together.
Hitting the Florida Panhandle early Sunday with winds of 60 miles an hour, it caused relatively little damage in Florida and southeastern Alabama before stalling over Georgia on Monday.
Metrolink ridership on the Santa Clarita line, which barely reached 1,000 a day before the quake, skyrocketed to a single-day high on Jan.
In the hours before Tuesday's World Cup game between Mexico and Bulgaria, south of the border in the parking lots outside Giants Stadium suddenly was south of the Vince Lombardi service area on the Nueva Jersey Turnpike.
``I try to move in that direction.'' Moments later, Daniel Borimirov lifted Bulgaria into a 2-0 lead before Claudio Suarez scored.
They had stumbled a bit shortly before the Cup, most notably losing to the United States 1-0 in an exhibition at the Rose Bowl on June 4, but they looked good in the first round of Cup play.
The board was set up years before the first cable was in place in 1935, and it was charged only with overseeing construction, maintenance and toll collection.
And with a huge deficit looming, they say, it makes the district's claim that no toll increases are planned before 1998 seem hollow.
Regarding the Simpson trading card: A trading card company that signed a contract with him a week before his ex-wife and a male friend of hers were killed says it will go ahead with plans to issue 1,000 signed Simpson cards this summer.
As someone said before, THAT'S ENTERTAINMENT!'' WHAT'S ON-LINE Andy Chaikin, author of ``A Man on the Moon,'' will be on 10 a.m. Wednesday in America Online's Odeon forum.
That was before Charles Manson, Ted Bundy, the Hillside Strangler, the Boston Strangler, Son of Sam, Henry Lee Lucas, John Gacy and too many more to list.
We were in the post-war.'' If Doctorow is anything, he's a poet of the past, a master of that ineffable American nostalgia for the innocence that each generation believes vanished just before its own arrival.
It is preoccupying the British as never before, and the result will presumably be the toughening of already toughish laws.
No evidence was presented that either boy had seen it, but the father of one had rented it shortly before.
Accordingly, the opening of ``Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves,'' in which Kevin Costner is tortured by Saracens, was one of two scenes pruned before the film got a PG rating.
``Terminator 2'' was heavily chopped before it was passed for those aged 15 and up.
Even the schoolroom Schwarzeneggering in ``Kindergarten Cop'' was toned down before 12-year-olds could see it in theaters and 15-year-olds rent it.
It's assumed that young children are tucked in at 9 p.m., and the tougher stuff cannot be shown before 10.
Dr. Sue Bailey, a specialist in adolescent forensic psychiatry, told a conference convened by the Royal College of Psychiatrists that 25 percent of teen-age murderers and violent sexual offenders had repeatedly watched violent or pornographic videos before committing their crimes.
Having become familiar with a video camera while documenting housing conditions in Maine, then having made a video documentary about one of his literacy students, he got a job on the public television series ``Smithsonian World.'' He then made two short fiction films (both shown at Sundance) before hitting on the idea for ``Spanking the Monkey.'' Once that script was written, he was able to use it to get writing assignments from Paramount and Fox.
He financed the venture partly with money scraped together from private investors and partly with two $20,000 grants given to him years before by the New York State Council on the Arts and the National Endowment for the Arts.
Though another company had expressed interest in distributing it, just before the awards were announced, Russell made a deal with Fine Line, a division of New Line.
	Members of Delta Airlines' frequent flyer program can now earn 1,000 miles by renting a car from Hertz within a 24-hour period before or after a flight on Delta, Delta Connection or other airlines affiliated with the Delta program.
(The killer, presumably, is on lunch break.) Just before the clinch, they get a story tip and race out.
``Then that means that I'm sentimental,'' she snaps, adding with a grin: ``I've never been it before, but I guess I'm supposed to have become it in this case.'' 
Even before the first pilots are screened by the critics, Ms. Frank and her counterparts begin announcing their picks and pans to the press.
She's even a figure in Washington, where she was summoned recently to meet with Attorney General Janet Reno and testify before a congressional committee about violence on television.
In evaluating a show, the group also considers what will run before and after it and what will oppose it on other channels.
Ranged in a flying phalanx at eye level, the cases possess the menacing allure of military hardware: this is the Stealth package tour, the Pax American Expressima, maneuvering in domestic air space before heading overseas.
As the architects observe, the Normandy shore was a popular resort long before D-Day.
As a former supreme captain of the Fruit of Islam (FOI), his religious sect's elite security force, Muhammad had come face-to-face with guns and danger many times before.
In her specialized oeuvre of the word made theatrical performance, Ms. Zimmerman continues to work on the popular Chicago radio program ``Stories on Stage,'' which broadcasts actors reading before a live audience.
More Indian art is on view in New York City than at any time before.
The Rangers stumbled upon the spring sometime after the Civil War and before the arrival of settlers from the east -- among them Thurman's maternal grandfather, James Thurman Owens, who bought the land for 50 cents an acre and was told upon arriving from Waco that he'd been had.
The neighbors had to break the sheets of ice off his legs before they could free him from the horse.
After months of indecision, the Clinton administration, weighing the economic stakes, abandoned on May 26 its threat to restrict trade with Beijing -- but not before U.S. denunciations of China's human rights violations had infuriated that nation's hardline leadership and left Sino-American relations in tatters.
In the grunge era, the Stones are still old-fashioned blues-rockers, a guitar band from the days before heavy metal.
``I Go Wild,'' the confession of a compulsive satyr, has a muscular, blaring guitar riff reminiscent of ``Happy,'' and the lyrics briefly rekindle Jagger's verbal facility before devolving into a list of evil women: borderline misogyny unredeemed by insight.
The Stones have made mediocre albums before, as in their mid-1970s slump, and rebounded too.
After months of indecision, the Clinton administration, weighing the economic stakes, abandoned on May 26 its threat to restrict trade with Beijing -- but not before U.S. denunciations of China's human rights violations had infuriated that nation's hardline leadership and left Sino-American relations in tatters.
Neighbors reported seeing a man fitting Cochran's description hanging around the neighborhood and displaying ``creepy behavior'' before the girl was kidnapped, Hansen said.
``We knew who he was before we caught him,'' Hansen said.
Costas will have to serve at least 15 years before he is eligible for parole.
The two said they had met Lara at a night club a couple of weeks before she was killed.
Prosecutors are trying the teens under the Determinate Sentencing Act, which requires juveniles to serve their sentences at a youth correctional facility before being transferred to a state prison as adults.
I'll be rich, too, when I'm not limited to advance-purchase airline tickets but can travel on the spur of the moment, if I so choose, as we did before ticketing got so all-fired structured, and of course, I'll really be rich when I can say, ``Oh, what the heck.
Some menswear designs will be shown along with the spring women's wear in New York before the full line is unveiled at the men's market.
Repair the sashes, should they need it, before proceeding.
But before applying new finish, replace the sash cords or chains.
They're like homemade chips -- small batches cooked in peanut oil, spiced just before bagging and delivered to the stores within a day or two.
Johnson maneuvered some magnificent legislation -- including Medicare, landmark civil rights laws, federal aid to education and environmental protection programs -- through Congress before Vietnam shattered his presidency as well as his and America's dreams.
There is the laid-back life in this harmonious college town, exactly what they had been seeking in 1992 when they scoured the country in search of the perfect place to sink their family roots, plus travel to places never visited before, including Hawaii.
And Madriani is a single parent now, his wife having died from cancer but not before extracting a deathbed pledge that he will always look after her younger sister.
But Martini brings a particular thoroughness to the task, with all the developments carefully plotted out on paper beforehand, and rendered as realistically as possible, especially the legal combat in and out of court.
He also spent many years working as a legal journalist before he became a lawyer.
He passed away before my first book was published.'' 
Am I income?'' In other words, know how much risk you can tolerate and what your investment goals are before you start getting acquainted with a fund and its past performance.
Thursday, Clinton addresses the Polish parliament, before flying off to Naples, Italy to take part in the Group of Seven summit of industrial democracies.
SUMMER VEGETABLE BOWL Serves 6-8 4 slices bacon 12 small white onions 1 small green bell pepper, diced 2 cups hot water 1 pound green beans 6 ears corn, broken in thirds 1 tablespoon salt 2 teaspoons sugar 1/4 teaspoon white pepper 6 small zucchini, cut in 1-inch cubes 2 large ribs celery, cut in 1-inch slices 1 large tomato, cut in wedges Prepare 1 hour before serving.
Bring to room temperature before proceeding if pasta has been refrigerated.) Spread sour cream over top, sprinkle with cheese and bake for 20 to 30 minutes, or until the pasta is just coming away from sides of dish and cheese is melted.
Mix pasta well before serving.
Return ribs to room temperature before proceeding with recipe.
``And you know,'' she says, pausing for dramatic effect, ``the greatest of these is Charity!'' Yes, she's used the line plenty of times before, but her face still crinkles as she guffaws.
One son died in infancy, and the other drowned as a teen-ager the day before he was going to leave for Abilene and college.
He met with the leaders of Latvia, Estonia and Lithuania, and pledged America's support for the Baltics' newly won independence before a cheering crowd of some 30,000 people in Freedom Square.
 (BC-STARTER-MARRIAGES-2NDTAKE-NYT) Miss Mead's views on trial marriages came before the proliferation of cohabitation.
A 1989 study by two demographers at the University of Wisconsin found that couples who had lived together before marrying divorced in significantly greater numbers than those who had wed without first living together.
``You're getting married before God.
The woman, who asked not to be identified because she is engaged again and believes divorce is a stigma, recalls visiting her grandmother before the wedding.
``I said, `Yeah, he can do all the compromising.' It was when the marriage was getting bad that I realized marriage was pretty serious.'' The travel agent, now 28, added, ``When I was talking to the lawyers, I thought, if they asked you as many questions when you got married, people might reconsider.'' Albano, the lawyer, tries to impress this complexity on young people before they marry.
Clinton flew from Washington directly to Riga on Wednesday morning, and met with the leaders of Latvia, Lithuania, and Estonia before addressing the crowd in Freedom Square.
On Tuesday, before flying to Riga, Clinton telephoned Yeltsin to brief him on what he would be doing -- to avoid any possible misunderstanding -- during his daylong visit to Latvia.
Hardly 50 years before, Central Park had been carved out of 800 acres of swamp, woodland, rocky cow pastures and some settlements of the city's immigrant and black population.
``They define the edge of the landscape without drawing attention to themselves.'' This was in the spirit of the Olmsted-Vaux Greensward plan of 1858, which said that ``artificial structures should be subservient to the main idea'' and that ``the park itself should always be uppermost in the mind of the beholder.'' But that was before the City Beautiful movement at the turn of the century.
But they warn that not all riverboat casino stocks are alike and investors should scrutinize the companies before buying.
The crowd, which moments before had applauded loudly and waved U.S. and Latvian flags as Clinton praised the 50-year bond between the beleaguered Baltic people under Moscow's thumb and their champions in Washington, fell silent.
``Then you have to be tender like mama.'' Jamie Falcon, 23, says that when her 2-year-old son hears a plane overhead, he sometimes asks: ``Is Daddy coming home?'' Recently, her husband was home for two days before his schedule changed and he had to board a flight back to Norway.
But her boys get restless during the weeks of their father's absence, and when he returns she gives him three days to recover before handing them over to him.
It also will emphasize efforts to settle cases before they reach a judge.
Even before he spoke on Wednesday afternoon of an ``unbreakable'' chain binding the United States and the Baltic countries, Clinton was making out that his hometown, Hope, was a pretty worldly spot.
``I grew up in a little town in Arkansas that had a substantial Lithuanian population,'' the president told a gathering of foreign reporters not long before he left Washington.
In the 1970s and early 1980s, Kuklinski provided American handlers with more than 35,000 pages of secret Warsaw Pact documents and tipped off the Central Intelligence Agency to the pending crackdown on the Solidarity labor movement before finally fleeing to the United States.
``I knew nothing about this issue before I read this letter,'' the president confessed.
Bring to room temperature before proceeding if pasta has been refrigerated.) Spread sour cream over top, sprinkle with cheese and bake for 20 to 30 minutes, or until the pasta is just coming away from sides of dish and cheese is melted.
Mix pasta well before serving.
Return ribs to room temperature before proceeding with recipe.
Apartheid -- integrated into the legal system in this country before the term was ever coined in South Africa -- saw to that.
Berrigan and three companions were convicted of willfully damaging federal property in using household hammers to batter the antennae, the landing gear and the fuselage of an F-15E jet at Seymour Johnson Air Force Base in Goldsboro, N.C., 145 miles southwest of here, before dawn last Dec.
He did go for it, storming away from the pack just before it reached Brighton and riding strongly enough to finish fourth to major applause.
This time the organizers got it right, closing roads, selling the fans beforehand on the Tour's attractions, filling the skies with television's helicopters and radio relay planes.
But before signing a peace agreement, the two sides have to reach agreement on issues such as water rights and borders.
I, for one, still remember how it felt to be a Jew involuntarily praying to Jesus in a public elementary school before the Supreme Court outlawed school prayer in 1962.
Bonner, signed as a free agent before last season, averaged 5.1 points and 4.7 rebounds in 73 games.
I've got a lot of screws and rods.'' On the other hand, Danza has worked before with material that was held together by less.
The accusations against Kunstler, coming one day before his 75th birthday, were the latest in a long series of legal controversies that have surrounded him ever since he began representing left-wing causes and defendants who opposed government policies in the 1960s and 1970s.
Born in Barberton, Ohio, he graduated from Otterbein College, in Westerville, Ohio, in 1950, a year before he joined the Air Force as an aviation cadet.
He completed a series of assignments as an instructor, operations officer, and aide-de-camp at a training command in this country before he was posted to the 555th Tactical Fighter Squadron at the Ubon Royal Thai Air Force Base, in 1966.
Just before he took his post in Japan, he was the chief of the U.S. Training Mission to Saudi Arabia.
Henry Viccellio Jr., commander of the Air Education and Training Command at Randolph AFB, told the medical personnel before departure.
``We now have one of the most talented and exciting teams in the majors, but the fans are clearly demonstrating their reluctance to travel to the Bronx.'' Even though the Yankees are averaging about 1,800 more fans this year than last year before Wednesday night and drew their fifth-largest attendance total in club history at 2,416,942 in 1993, the owner, George Steinbrenner, has expressed disgust about the attendance.
``There have been a lot of promises,'' he told a news conference, ``but I want to say before international public opinion that if no one pays for this peace, morally, economically, it cannot be achieved.'' Arafat acknowledged the demand by Western donors who want more government structures in place before pouring in large amounts of development money.
Several towns with majority Muslim populations before the war that were the scene of the worst savagery in Europe since World War II have been offered to the Serbs in the proposed settlement.
Among the towns are Vlasenica, where more than 18,000 Muslims -- now dead or evicted -- lived before the war.
There's nothing I can do about it.'' Donald Fehr, head of the Players Association, said the union planned to present its proposals at a meeting next Thursday, after the union executive board meets in Pittsburgh next Monday, the day before the All-Star Game.
``We want to make sure, before our board meeting, that we understand it fully,'' he said.
``Historically, bonds should rally before stocks,'' Rice said.
The stock was down as much as 3\, before closing down {, at 14{, in NASDAQ trading.
``Never before in this country's history have we come this close to fulfilling our objective,'' he said.
Dan Rostenkowski's lawyers said on Wednesday that their strategy would open with a constitutional attack on the 17-count felony indictment against Rostenkowski in an effort to win a quick dismissal, or at least a narrowing of the charges, before the case comes to trial.
In one spot, Steiner dug a small hole and waited only moments before gooey brown oil began to seep into it.
It has not been clear whether current copyright law, written before the era of complex computer networks, covers such material.
Although Congress would not begin to consider any proposals before the Commerce Department conducts public hearings on the recommendations this fall, chances for eventual legislation are seen as strong because both Lehman and Secretary of Commerce Ronald H.
``We already have the ropes.'' But he said other problems still need to be addressed before such a plan can be implemented.
An initial public offering of 19 percent of Femsa Cerveza's shares is planned soon after Labatt closes its deal with Femsa, expected before Sept.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Labatt, founded in 1847, reported sales of $2.3 billion (Canadian) in its latest fiscal year, and earnings before interest and taxes of $284 million (Canadian).
Its consolidated sales in 1993 were $2.437 billion (United States), and earnings before interest and taxes were $250 million.
Its Femsa Cerveza unit had sales of $1.358 billion in 1993, and earnings before interest and taxes of $132 million.
SDI was designed to wipe out enemy missiles before they reached the United States, while NASP was to be a super-plane that could orbit in space.
EUROPEANS COME ON STRONG IN THIS WORLD CUP  (BC-SOC-QUARTERFINALS-HNS) The only thing seemingly higher than the expectations placed on South American powers before this World Cup began were the pH numbers on what had to be barrels of sunblock brought from Europe.
And while, yes, the Europeans are hot, it's not the kind of hot one would have believed before the tournament began.
Cameroon looked good early in the tourna ment before crumbling.
Nigeria was looking strong late against Italy before losing a heartbreaker.
Information in internal investigations was deliberately fragmented, rather than woven together to form a pattern, and cases were closed well before all leads had been exhausted.
It's better than killing him, right?'' The band auditioned bass players for weeks, two dozen in one five-day period, before throwing up their collective hands.
Army Rangers conducted the same kind of exercises at Eglin just before the United States invaded Panama in December 1989 to overthrow Gen.
And officials stress that they are still considering other ways the United States can pile more pressure on Haiti's military leaders before sending in the Marines.
Moreover, there is no consensus among Clinton's national security advisers on how much longer the United States should give the stringent economic sanctions to work before it moves to an invasion.
In a little-noticed action last Wednesday, the Senate rejected, by 65 votes to 34, an amendment to the 1995 Foreign Operations Appropriations bill binding Clinton to get congressional approval or justify the use of force before ordering an invasion of Haiti aimed at ousting its military rulers.
Aides say that he is keenly aware that the optimal time to invade is after Congress recesses in the first part of August and before Labor Day, because lawmakers do not want their campaigns complicated by an invasion.
But the traditional fall new-model season has less significance than before as automakers increasingly introduce new models throughout the year.
The report, which circulated on Wednesday before its formal release on Thursday, reiterates the conclusion the panel reached in last December's interim findings: that most officers in the 31,000-member force are honest despite the existence of corruption.
But most analysts continued to regard further rate increases as likely, probably before Labor Day and possibly as soon as mid-July, after the Fed has digested labor market and retail sales figures for June.
The Fed's targets will be publicly disclosed when Alan Greenspan, Fed chairman, makes his statutory semiannual appearance before Congress later this month to discuss the economic outlook and the central bank's anticipated response.
Dozens of applications have been pending before the commission, some of them for more than a year.
The evacuation of downtown Macon in central Georgia was ordered just before 6 p.m. by Mayor Tom Olmstead.
The regulations, meant to reduce the level of disease-causing bacteria, would also require that all birds contaminated with fecal matter be reinspected and that the birds be sprayed with antibacterial rinses before they are chilled.
The union does not think much of the requirement that all birds will have to be rinsed with an anti-microbial solution before they are put in the ``chiller,'' a cold water bath that reduces the temperature of the birds.
It is applied to turkeys before they are put in the chiller.
ChevronUs Jim Henley, above, of Mandeville, La., kissed his wife, Francis, before leaving for Angola in March.
ChevronUs Jim Henley, above, of Mandeville, La., kissed his wife, Francis, before leaving for Angola in March.
ChevronUs Jim Henley, above, of Mandeville, La., kissed his wife, Francis, before leaving for Angola in March.
This week's races are particularly important; there are only two races after Mammoth before the finals.
Their fathers took them to baseball games, as did their fathers before them.
Monday's trip began before 7 a.m. with Osterman, five-weight fly rod in hand, leading the way along the frosty banks of the San Joaquin.
And if the sperm do stay viable, the scientists suggest, then any man could share the task of birth control by storing his own sperm and undergoing a vasectomy years before fathering children.
``We never see the Department of Labor surveys'' of customers, said Rob Mills at the Washington Employment Security Department, which reviews the state's NAFTA petitions before sending them on to the federal government.
As general manager Bob Quinn explained before last night's game, the changes came about because everything was left to Strawberry.
Several towns with majority Muslim populations before the war that were the scene of the worst savagery in Europe since World War II have been offered to the Serbs in the proposed settlement.
Among the towns are Vlasenica, where more than 18,000 Muslims -- now dead or evicted -- lived before the war.
The first was on March 3 at Wheel World, a suburban Woodland Hills bicycle shop, where a suspect described as ``cool and calculating'' pointed a gun and ordered assistant manager Glenn Awbrey to the ground before fleeing.
I, for one, still remember how it felt to be a Jew involuntarily praying to Jesus in a public elementary school before the Supreme Court outlawed school prayer in 1962.
Several days after the murders but before Simpson was charged, police sources told the Los Angeles Daily News that a military-style entrenching tool resembling a sharp-edged shovel was believed to have been used in the killings.
Detectives arrived at Simpson's estate before dawn, about six hours after the bodies were discovered.
Vannatter testified detectives tried for up to 15 minutes to reach someone at Simpson's home, ringing an intercom buzzer and making cellular telephone calls to the residence, before finding blood on the Bronco haphazardly parked outside the estate.
In questioning by Uelman, Kaelin noted that police asked him to show them the clothing and the shoes he'd worn the night before.
It was while investigating a report by Kaelin that he heard three ``thumps'' on the back wall of his room the night before that one detective ``happened upon'' the bloody glove, Clark said.
The evacuation of downtown Macon in central Georgia was ordered just before 6 p.m. by Mayor Tom Olmstead.
In questioning by Uelmen, Kaelin noted that police asked him to show them the clothing and the shoes he'd worn the night before.
It was while investigating a report by Kaelin that he heard three ``thumps'' on the back wall of his room the night before that one detective ``happened upon'' the bloody glove, Clark said.
OAKLAND BEATS NEW YORK, 4-2 NEW YORK  (BC-BBA-YANKS-A'S-NYT) Maybe the Yankees should simply postpone the last four games before the All-Star Game break.
Bernie Williams retrieved the ball and took three steps with it before throwing.
The kid who used to go straight from the waves at Zuma Beach to ice hockey practice, hoping he brushed off all the sand before lacing up his skates, has dreamed of a pro hockey career since childhood.
``There have been a lot of promises,'' he told the news conference on Wednesday, ``but I want to say before international public opinion that if no one pays for this peace, morally, economically, it cannot be achieved.'' Arafat acknowledged the demand by Western donors who want more government structures in place.
They are not expected to set a strike date until a few days before the scheduled walkout, but that could change Monday in Pittsburgh.
No matter how you look at it, I'm back home (in the majors).'' Strawberry's career with the Dodgers was cut short when he failed to show up for an exhibition game the day before the season opener.
``I know people will think this is something they've heard before but I know now that I'm accountable,'' Strawberry said.
``If I don't hit immediately, well, I've been in many slumps before.
Ron Darling (7-9) went the first 6 1/3 innings for the victory, and Leiper and Mark Acre were steadfast before Eckersley closed it out.
She has one summer course to complete at St. Edward's University in Austin before going to medical school at the University of Texas campus in Houston.
The Mets, who head to Los Angeles on Thursday night for a four-game series with the Dodgers, leave town one day before the arrival of Strawberry, who is expected to start in right field and bat fifth for the Giants in their game against the Philadelphia Phillies on Thursday afternoon.
Behold, before last night's disaster: Cris Carpenter pitched a career-high 41/3 relief innings Friday night, allowing just one run as the Rangers rallied to beat Detroit, 10-6, in the first game of a doubleheader.
So that's that, end of argument before it begins.
In one spot, Steiner dug a small hole and waited only moments before gooey brown oil began to seep into it.
It amounts to hardly a blip on the political radar screen even though the administration reportedly has hopes of dropping the enabling legislation for ratification of the trade treaty -- which actually would replace GATT with a new entity, the World Trade Organization -- and getting it passed before Labor Day.
Charles Scheid, the consortium's executive director, said NationsBank has always been a ``lone ranger.'' Even before Atlanta-based C&S/Sovran Corp.
He was on the combine in the wheat fields with his dad till 10 the night before his surgery.
``Golf is one sport where you literally cannot tighten up,'' said Watkins, who was a teaching pro before she came back to coach the Longhorns last year.
As the proprietors of the South Florida Tattoo Co. in Fort Pierce, they've heard that line before.
You must hold hard to those tracks.'' The president spoke before winding up a 26-hour visit to Warsaw and flying to Naples, Italy, to attend the seven-nation economic summit of leading industrial nations that opens Friday.
We've been this way many times before, and each time, once we settled in to track the lurid, we found a nice patina of concern with which to spiff up our prurience.
More than a year passed before police found Peters, who police say is also known as Jacqueline Thompson, wife of Larry Bimbo.
``My team before was the Los Angeles Lakers, with Magic Johnson,'' he said.
That's what disturbs me about this.'' Black progressives are troubled by the fact that a black man previously accused of being a wife-beater is charged with murder in a society that has wrongly accused black men before.
The pressure has been building week by week to clear the decks for historic debates starting no later than July 29 in the Senate and before Aug.
Bowing to an anti-spending rebellion in the House, Democratic leaders have also agreed to hold several roll-call votes before Aug.
Several less sweeping proposals are likely to pass before Congress adjourns for the year around Oct.
Drink six to eight glasses every day -- and a lot more than that before, during and after any exertion in the heat.
Drink even before you get thirsty, and then drink a little more after you've quenched your thirst, they advise.
``It's usually August or September before it gets this hot around here.
In those days before central air conditioning, there was also the soothing sound of those big evaporative coolers in windows as they force-fed thousands of cubic feet of air into the house -- so much air that eventually the house would puff up, burst loose from its foundation and fly around the neighborhood like a balloon, making an embarrassing flatulent sound.
If these cases reflect Judge Breyer's judicial philosophy, his record is more troubling than the quick labels have suggested.'' ``These clues, then, have produced more questions than answers and the burden is on the Judiciary Committee and the Senate to answer these and other questions before completing its advice and consent role on this nomination.'' American Jewish Congress: Breyer's limited work in the area of religious liberty ``reveals a highly pragmatic approach, one that prefers fact-intensive discussion of the record below to abstract theorizing.'' 
Instead of probing these ambivalences in Tolstoy's nature, however, Shirer settles for depicting him as a simple hypocrite, a petulant egotist accustomed to putting himself before all others.
Marin County Superior Court records show that Lohrey, 42, broke into the Tiburon mansion of Alameda developer and KJAZ radio station owner Ron Cowan shortly before 6 a.m. on March 29.
With Lohrey was a street person he'd met in San Francisco the night before on a stroll through the Tenderloin district of the city.
Lohrey told the man to drive to Cowan's palatial home, which the strangely acting laundry king had seen the day before and decided to buy -- if the $11 million asking price were lowered.
When he returned to the Gaza Strip last week after 27 years of exile, Arafat faced a small but vocal group of Palestinian demonstrators who criticized the PLO leader for returning before Israel complied with a demand to release more than 6,000 Palestinian prisoners.
And in Studio City, a young man in baggy pants and saddle shoes skillfully dips a woman before grabbing another for the next song.
Dress is casual and there's a simple dinner menu of burgers and salads for an early meal before the show, said Scobey, director of special events.
Those with two left feet can take advantage of dance lessons an hour before the show.
Once it kicked in, she said, ``it was fantastic.'' ``I feel better than I remember feeling before the depression,'' Millie said.
Half-an-hour before our final supper on the river, while we were setting up our tents at Gniess Camp, Andy and Reno, dressed in bow ties, came around with cold shrimp cocktail complete with lettuce and spicy sauce.
``You lie, and I don't know whether it's from ignorance or wickedness.'' Sheepishly, the young man sat down, and others in the crowd of business leaders sank a bit lower in their chairs, like wide-eyed kids before a wrathful teacher.
``All it would take is for Televisa to be around for a scene like that (before the business group) and undo the guy,'' he said, speaking of the television conglomerate often accused of schilling for the PRI.
As before, the S320 is exempt from the federal gas-guzzler tax.
	The fifth day of a preliminary hearing to determine if the former football star should stand trial for the killings began with the decision by Judge Kathleen Kennedy-Powell that detectives arriving at Simpson's spacious estate acted properly in scaling a wall, questioning residents and, ultimately, recovering evidence before they had secured a search warrant.
Breyer takes his seat Tuesday before the Senate Judiciary Committee, which is considering his nomination to the Supreme Court, there will be the usual trappings of television lights, distinguished supporters and dark-suited senators pronouncing on the importance of the event.
This proceeding will be leached of any drama or suspense before it even begins.
Underlying all of the maneuvering were real issues before the Supreme Court, which had become the stage upon which many of the nation's most contentious social problems were being played out.
He also promised more directly than ever before that he would not permit Russia to prevent Poland's becoming a member.
``This time we don't expect much from Clinton's visit so we felt we should lighten things up.'' Hours before Clinton's arrival, hundreds of listeners called in, asking for the bank account number so they could donate.
While he refined his speech before delivery, he munched on takeout from McDonald's.
``It prevents me from bowing before the powerful.'' From his bullet-proof, bomb-proof office overlooking a leafy midtown park here, Colombia's top prosecutor takes special delight in tweaking the occupant of another bullet-proof, bomb-proof office six blocks away: the United States ambassador to Colombia.
Nonetheless, others hit snags with their prominent spokespeople long before the Simpson murder case.
	But that was before a group of scholars examined the work.
	Bailly, who announced before the auction that he was selling the painting because he was on the verge of bankruptcy and might be forced to close his Paris gallery, said in a telephone interview after the auction that the outcome of the sale was ``a catastrophe, but not the end of the gallery.'' 	``I never thought this would happen,'' he said.
It had been covered over with layers of white paint and was discovered by John Russell, an American professor who was a writing a book about the history of the candy shop, which had housed antiquities before it became part of the school.
Thus the Geneva talks, coming two weeks before the scheduled Pyongyang summit, will provide an early signal on whether the Korean crisis is heading for resolution or escalation, experts say.
He was at the Italians' training site Thursday morning at the Pingry School, which he attended before going to Princeton and then to law school, and he said there was no doubt the pulse of the Italian team was high as a result of Tuesday's stunning 2-1 comeback victory over Nigeria.
As a token of appreciation for helping the Italian team since it arrived in New Jersey about a month ago, Baggio gave Stillitano the No. 10 jersey last week before the game against Nigeria.
When Baggio was asked whether he viewed himself as the savior of Italy after he tied the game against Nigeria with a minute left in regulation before scoring the winner on a penalty kick in overtime, he replied: ``I never thought about saving anyone.'' And when asked about the criticism that he had played well only in the game against Nigeria after hardly doing anything in the first three games of the World Cup finals, the man with the most famous ponytail in the world right now said, ``Intelligent people understand me.'' Baggio notwithstanding, the Italian players emphasized that they felt the team's level of performance was rising with every game in the tournament.
Opened last month, the restaurant is a follow-up to the chef's Routh Street Cafe, a top-dollar spot that took barbecue to where it's never been before.
``But no one could do this kind of thing, a schedule like this, in competition -- it would be exhausting.'' Calling the tour ``grueling and very challenging,'' Boitano said he's never before performed on such a schedule.
Adding to the demands inherent in such a tour, he suffered a groin pull after the Olympics in February, giving him little time to recuperate and practice before the show took to the road in April.
``But no one could do this kind of thing, a schedule like this, in competition -- it would be exhausting.'' Calling the tour ``grueling and very challenging,'' Boitano said he's never before performed on such a schedule.
Adding to the demands inherent in such a tour, he suffered a groin pull after the Olympics in February, giving him little time to recuperate and practice before the show took to the road in April.
He once said he regarded the center he headed as an instrument of changing a system that, he said, could doom a person who had no college degree to ``wander from one minimum-wage job to another for about 10 years before finding a place to begin a career.'' Most recently he focused on models for a vocational education that would integrate academic and vocational studies in high school as an alternative to the traditional college-preparatory curriculum.
Seeking help before the stage, he met with his former coach, Paul Koechli, a Swiss who ran the Vie Claire team in 1986, when LeMond first won the Tour.
The backbiting among Group of 7 members over the currency issue began even before the leaders arrived in Naples.
They will also endorse making available to Russia other IMF credits, called ``Special Drawing Rights,'' or SDRs, which have never been available to Moscow before.
In the other, there are mixed emotions.'' Outside, in the steamy heat of West 44th Street shortly before 10 o'clock Thursday morning, David Lassiter had been one of more than a dozen husky young men waiting for the door to open.
We've sent the script to Mike in prison, but we haven't heard back from him.'' The television film is scheduled to be released shortly before Tyson is released in May from an Indiana prison where he will have served three years for rape.
It's clear that it will be quite a while before Washington and Tokyo are ready to get down to serious dealings in the trade department.
U.S. BUSINESSES IN RUSSIA BEGIN TO FEEL GRIP OF MAFIA MOSCOW  (BC-RUSSIA-MAFIA-925-(2TAKES)-NYT) After many years in which the hydra-headed Russian mafia has openly penetrated virtually every level of local business, U.S. companies operating here -- big and small, famous and unknown -- have begun to feel increasing pressure from criminal organizations that never before seemed to bother with them.
Zeiger's Russian partner was gunned down in his garage last year and even today, Zeiger swears he never heard a word about payoffs or a hint of a problem before his partner died.
Let rest 10 minutes before slicing.
Then, before long, pistols are going off, Falstaff is pontificating, a mutt is barking, Master Ford is emitting a kamikaze scream ...
``Scott is our player.'' Richard Bennett, the attorney for Stevens, said by telephone from his Washington office that the regular procedure was for the contract to go though the league before it reached his hands.
Center fielder Bernie Williams approached the ball slowly, fielded it and took three steps with it before unloading the ball.
He can't go in with his arms behind his back.'' Although Stanley claimed he could have played Thursday, Manager Buck Showalter started Matt Nokes as catcher after Stanley struggled through batting practice one hour before the game.
``I've been hit before.
Maybe not as hard, but I've been run over before.
``They weren't doing well even before the Sculley rift,'' said Susan Carlson, a consultant with Technologic Partners, a high-technology consulting firm in New York.
``But it will be a while before anyone will sell some of us on warm-bloodedness.'' 
MOST AUSPICIOUS DEBUT: Silvia Ibanez, a sole practitioner and certified public accountant from Winter Haven, Fla., who had never argued an appellate case before she argued her own, a free-speech challenge to a state restriction on advertising by accountants who also practice law.
While rejecting Moore's request to share in the profits, the justices ordered a lower court to determine whether his doctor had obtained his informed consent before commercially developing the tissue -- a nod toward property rights.
One thing we do know, if it's not done well, it can compromise the organ and increase the probability of nonfunction, which can mean death to the recipient.'' In testimony last year before a congressional committee, which was reviewing the transplant act, A.
So Pearl Jam canceled the tour and brought a complaint of monopolistic practices before the Justice Department.
After their first meeting on Wednesday morning, they reconvened again just before midnight and broke up at almost 2 a.m. on Thursday.
The mood was very cooperative and businesslike.'' Arafat, before leaving for Tunis on Thursday afternoon, described the talks as ``very positive.'' Among the difficult points, a Palestinian delegate said, was his delegation's demand to include in the communique a reference to the organization of the first Palestinian elections.
In the last days before he died, he talked incessantly of joining his father, who emigrated to Irvington, N.J., in 1980.
FOR $10,000, YOU CAN SEND YOUR NAME TO CAMP  (BC-PEOPLE-BRIEFS-NYT) The committee that organized the annual fireworks display and picnic in East Hampton, N.Y., a benefit for Boys Harbor, didn't want to raise the price of tickets for the July 16 event: $20 for general admission to watch the show from the Boys Harbor camp grounds; $200 for the show and picnic beforehand at the home of ANTHONY DREXEL DUKE.
FOR $10,000, YOU CAN SEND YOUR NAME TO CAMP  (BC-PEOPLE-BRIEFS-1stLd-NYT) The committee that organized the annual fireworks display and picnic in East Hampton, N.Y., a benefit for Boys Harbor, didn't want to raise the price of tickets for the July 16 event: $20 for general admission to watch the show from the Boys Harbor camp grounds; $200 for the show and picnic beforehand at the home of Anthony Drexel Duke.
While that price represents 1.62 times Hamilton's book value, investors had bid up Hamilton's stock to $35.25 the day before the deal was announced.
``This is probably the single most important telecommunications issue before us,'' said A.
But there is a growing list of people who say the airline owes them money, and they think they should be paid before planes take off again.
I find it disgusting they might fly again while still owing us money.'' And the fire district responsible for staffing the airport wants to make sure it will get paid this time around before it again agrees to provide the government-required protection.
The population of this Vermont-sized country before the war was slightly under 8 million, which would mean that almost a quarter of the population has been made homeless by the war between the Hutu-dominated government and Tutsi-led rebels.
At best, investment pros say, the market is caught in a ``correction'' in which stocks slide about 10 percent before resuming their climb.
People were really distressed, yet we went 14 months before we got a full acknowledgement.'' David A.
Space agency officials, however, said they are prepared to make at least three launch attempts before the job action begins to affect the countdown, though union officials disputed the possibility.
``In Guantanamo, the people suffered and lived like pigs,'' Pierre said as he sat before his sewing machine fashioning several pieces of gray wool into a suit.
They stopped the boat before it hit the rocks on the Dutchess County shore.
Budget office officials say no changes will take place without thorough research, and probably not before 1997.
San Juan Island, the Pacific Ocean site most frequently mentioned as a safe haven for the Haitians, is privately owned, and its owners complained not only that Endara did not notify them before announcing the agreement, but also said that they had no interest whatsoever in selling or renting the island to the government.
On Wednesday, the dollar hit a 14-month low against the German mark before a slight rally but still was near its weakest point against the mark since World War II.
Speaking with foreign journalists last week, Clinton said that ``great care should be taken before unusual actions are taken.'' At the same time, Clinton has joined top advisers, including Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen, in tough jawboning on the dollar's behalf, arguing that the United States has no interest in a cheap greenback.
The interviews of the House employees are potentially relevant to Rostenkowski's case because some involve the questioning of postal managers like Rota, who also testified before the federal grand jury in the criminal inquiry.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) Even before the Panamanian announcement, the administration was struggling to cope with the Haitians who have continued to put to sea.
It will be days before we fully comprehend just how terrible this really is.'' Around Atlanta and the northern half of Georgia people were already taking stock of the damage and homes were beginning to dry out.
They will be allowed to miss by one point on 30 percent of the practice tests but must match exactly on 70 percent before they can score live tests.
JUDGE RULES THAT POLICE ACTED PROPERLY IN GATHERING EVIDENCE LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-HEARING-500&ADDS-NYT) The judge in the O.J. Simpson case ruled on Thursday that detectives who arrived at Simpson's estate hours after his former wife and a friend of hers were slain acted properly in entering the estate, questioning residents, and recovering evidence before they obtained a search warrant.
The detectives, she said, ``were, in fact, acting for a benevolent purpose in light of the brutal attack'' and ``reasonably believed that a further delay could have resulted in the unnecessary loss of life.'' The ruling, a blow to Simpson's defense, allows prosecutors to build their case with three pieces of evidence that the police gathered at Simpson's home before they obtained a search warrant late that morning, June 13: a bloodstained glove found on a path; blood found on the van, a Ford Bronco, parked just outside the gate; and a trail of blood along the driveway.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) After Judge Kennedy-Powell informed both sides in a 20-minute oral presentation on Thursday that she was denying a defense motion to suppress the evidence that the police seized at the Simpson estate before obtaining a warrant, Nicole Simpson's father, Louis Brown, put his head down and began to sob.
Babbitt said it might take months before all the investigations were complete, but the consensus seemed to be that this had been a small fire that had reacted in the worst and most unpredictable way.
Both sides declined to confirm the reports, stressing a need for time to explore each other's proposals before commenting.
Asked about the criticism last week, Parreira said: ``I prepared myself for the pressure beforehand, but thank goodness there are only two weeks to go.
In the Simpson double-slaying case, no one expected a judge to make a decision that would deliver a crippling blow to the prosecution -- especially before a nationwide audience.
	(NYT18) MOSCOW -- July 7, 1994 -- RUSSIA-MAFIA, 7-7 -- After many years in which the hydra-headed Russian mafia has openly penetrated virtually every level of local business, U.S. companies operating there Q big and small, famous and unknown Q have begun to feel increasing pressure from criminal organizations that never before seemed to bother with them.
	(NYT18) MOSCOW -- July 7, 1994 -- RUSSIA-MAFIA, 7-7 -- After many years in which the hydra-headed Russian mafia has openly penetrated virtually every level of local business, U.S. companies operating there Q big and small, famous and unknown Q have begun to feel increasing pressure from criminal organizations that never before seemed to bother with them.
	(NYT18) MOSCOW -- July 7, 1994 -- RUSSIA-MAFIA, 7-7 -- After many years in which the hydra-headed Russian mafia has openly penetrated virtually every level of local business, U.S. companies operating there Q big and small, famous and unknown Q have begun to feel increasing pressure from criminal organizations that never before seemed to bother with them.
``Scott is our player.'' Richard Bennett, the attorney for Stevens, said by telephone from his Washington office that the regular procedure was for the contract to go though the league before it reached his hands.
Neither has been in San Francisco before -- apparently neither had ever been west of New Jersey before Letterman took them along with him to Los Angeles in May -- but the city holds a special allure for Sirajul.
And with Strawberry batting fifth, the Giants won, 5-4, before 22,481 fans, most of them newly buoyed by a team barely out of the National League West cellar.
Today ranks for me a new beginning, a new birth.'' Thus was completed another chapter in the Strawberry saga, which began after he disappeared from the Los Angeles Dodgers just before opening day.
After a stay in the Betty Ford Center for nearly a month -- and after admitting to his nine-year alcohol-and-drug addiction -- Strawberry talked with several teams before signing with the Giants June 19.
He stayed off Shawn Boskie's first pitch before sending a meek grounder between first and second.
Strawberry drove a fastball to straightaway center that Thompson judged perfectly, waiting against the wall before making his leap and snagging the ball.
A speech therapist sent Medicare claims for services, and investigators found the patients had died before the date of the ``services rendered,'' he added.
Dole said that if the fraud is stopped and federal tax collection tightened, the nation could pay for most of the health care reform proposals before Congress.
It was Detective Frank Serpico who said while testifying before the Knapp Commission in December 1971, ``We must create an atmosphere in which the dishonest officer fears the honest one, and not the other way around.'' A little more than two decades later, the Mollen report concluded: ``The vast majority of honest officers still protect the minority of corrupt officers through a code of silence few dare to break.'' 
``There's only four games remaining before the break, and I thought it was important that I be here and be a part of the ballclub so we know what type of ballclub we'll have going into the second half,'' Strawberry said.
GOOD VIBES BUT NO HITS SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-BBN-STRAWBERRY-600&ADD-SFCHRON) When Darryl Strawberry walked into the batting cage before the game and held his bat high over his head and stared at the batting practice pitcher, all the other Giants stopped what they were doing and looked at him.
He's a man who's systematically tried to destroy himself for most of the last decade, and before he joined the Giants organization, he had hit rock-bottom, lost his self-respect, was cut loose by the Dodgers as if he were a criminal.
Each square offered faded proof that her family knew happiness before they knew Nazi Germany.
OPTIONAL ADD FOLLOWS.) The Assembly had approved the bill in June, before the Senate amended it to create the exemptions.
But Caruso and Officer Grace Ridley, the president of the Guardians Society, said they objected to such measures as extending the statute of limitations for departmental disciplinary hearings to three years from 18 months and for extending the waiting period before retirement to 90 days from the current 30 days to give the department more time to look into possible misconduct before a pension is authorized.
They endorsed the proposals that officers have a minimum of three years on the force before being considered for promotion to sergeant, up from 18 months now, and that more supervisors be assigned to midnight shifts in the precincts where corruption was most suspected.
Strawberry then went through two weeks of intense conditioning with Giants trainer Mackey Shilstone before being sent to Class AAA Phoenix to get into playing shape.
Starting next Saturday, the abbreviated ``Baseball Night in America'' starts a six-week run on ABC, then six more weeks on NBC before the two networks share the playoffs and World Series.
And that's what I'll continue to do.'' During the telecast -- NBC's first All-Star coverage since the Bo Jackson launching in '89 at Anaheim Stadium before an astonished broadcast booth of Vin Scully and Ronald Reagan -- Costas hopes Morgan's knowledge of the game and Uecker's sense of humor take precedence for the sake of entertainment.
NBC wanted the former San Francisco 49ers coach to interview injured 49ers quarterback Joe Montana before kickoff.
You know you've been watching too much of the Simpson ``trial before the trial'' testimony when while flipping the channels -- and seeing everyone with the same picture -- you come upon an episode of ``Matlock'' on TBS and then stop to see if Andy Griffith will ask Judge Aunt Bee if he can cross-examine detective Barney Fife.
Joe Garagiola (ex-NBC) 1951 Bowman 122 $120 It took six years of playing in the league before he finally got onto a baseball card.
The court session ended before Matheson could testify about the blood type or the results of two other tests for genetic markers that would identify whether the blood came from the victims or someone else, possibly their assailant.
before the case proceeds to trial.'' ``Objection,'' Shapiro interjected.
It will be days before we fully comprehend just how terrible this really is.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
Lasorda said he does not subscribe to the modern-day theory that a set-up man before a ninth-inning closer is a prerequisite for success, anyway.
At best, investment pros say, the market is caught in a ``correction'' in which stocks slide about 10 percent before resuming their climb.
It will be days before we fully comprehend just how terrible this really is.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
Under her 1981 contract with the city and county, Grant said, she should have been given 60 days' written notice before any action was taken.
``We certainly will look into it and do what we can for her and for artists' rights on this issue,'' said Art Commission Director Joanne Chow Winship, adding that she is reluctant to say more before investigating further.
Shanley said his agency consulted with Ping Yuen tenants before taking any action to remove the tai chi mural.
Only two Dodgers runners got past first base before being stranded.
Regarded as well-rounded outside of basketball and an enthusiastic ambassador for the game -- including two stints as an Olympic assistant coach -- Raveling replaced Stan Morrison before the 1986-87 season.
Dwight Smith fouled off several pitches before drawing a walk.
How long before he claims that Russia's economy is fit enough to warrant his presence at the economic sessions too?
So far, fewer than 50 firms have gone bust and not a single mine has been closed, but before long unemployment will confront tens of thousands of workers.
How long before he claims that Russia's economy is fit enough to warrant his presence at the economic sessions too?
So far, fewer than 50 firms have gone bust and not a single mine has been closed, but before long unemployment will confront tens of thousands of workers.
How long before he claims that Russia's economy is fit enough to warrant his presence at the economic sessions too?
So far, fewer than 50 firms have gone bust and not a single mine has been closed, but before long unemployment will confront tens of thousands of workers.
Local restaurants put their menus on the Internet, so you can salivate in front of the screen before choosing a place to eat.
Local restaurants put their menus on the Internet, so you can salivate in front of the screen before choosing a place to eat.
Parents are urged to learn more about the film before taking children.
Bochco also cast him in the ill-fated ``Bay City Blues'' and ``Buntz in Beverly Hills'' before ``NYPD Blue.'' Franz's feature films include ``Dressed To Kill,'' ``Body Double'' and ``Die Hard 2.'' Unmarried, Franz has lived with Joanie Zeck, who owns an executive recruiting company, for a dozen years and helped raise her two daughters.
The Smithsonian festival, which was multicultural before the phrase was cool, goes beyond the typical fest fodder of art, craft and music to explore rituals, food traditions, dance, folk theater, storytelling, vernacular architecture, belief systems, folk medicine, indigenous celebrations, myths, games and more.
People watched awe-struck as an open-air Thai pavilion was being slowly raised, timber by teak timber, before their eyes.
``The challenge for the Olympiad is to represent the South in a way never done before, to get beyond the old model of a folk festival as an ethnic village re-created,'' Spitzer said.
Kane award, before about 1,000 people at the U.S. Olympic Festival.
``They complement each other very well,'' U.S. assistant coach Steve Sampson said before Bebeto scored the game's only goal -- on a pass from Romario -- Monday in Brazil's 1-0 victory that eliminated the Americans.
Romario had the better chances, blasting a rocket off the post just before halftime, just missing a bad-angle shot on an open net early in the second half and sending another wicked drive from 10 yards that Tony Meola parried in the final minutes.
Collecting a loose ball 40 yards from the goal, he penetrated inside the 18-yard box before rolling a pass that Bebeto sent home.
Surprises in court cases become public knowledge long before the words get uttered from a witness stand.
Just before the summit convened, German Economics Minister Gunter Rexrodt, regarded as a possible successor to Chancellor Helmut Kohl, condemned the Clinton administration's conduct of its trade negotiations with Japan as ``not particularly clever.'' The U.S.-Japan trade dispute has been widely regarded as an underlying cause of the dollar's sharp fall.
Just before the summit convened, German Economics Minister Gunter Rexrodt, regarded as a possible successor to Chancellor Helmut Kohl, condemned the Clinton administration's conduct of its trade negotiations with Japan as ``not particularly clever.'' The U.S.-Japan trade dispute has been widely regarded as an underlying cause of the dollar's sharp fall.
AMERICANS GLUED TO TV SCREENS, LISTENING TO WHEELS OF JUSTICE CREAK  (BC-THOMPSON-COLUMN-TEX) Never before have so many been so compulsively enthralled by something so amazingly arcane.
``We had $100,000 before it became apparent I would win and the incumbent withdrew.'' But, she added, ``I faced five other candidates and I spent $688,000 in 1986.
These retirement plans, which allow employees to set aside a portion of their salary before taxes, are more than a decade old, and many people are now retiring with substantial accounts.
Sixty days before retirement, employees can elect to put all or a portion of their 401(k) in the pension plan.
``If someone transfers $100,000 and I pay $20,000 before they die,'' Hall said, ``I send the estate a check for $80,000.'' 
President Clinton should make clear this country's position on that issue before any military action takes place.
I haven't seen him before.
He then appeared in NBC's ``The Name of the Game,'' which aired from 1968-71, as well as on ``Most Wanted,'' ``Strike Force'' and ``Falcon Crest'' before signing on with ``Unsolved Mysteries'' in 1988.
Ms. Hartmann arrived on campus, a young, married graduate student from Swarthmore College and, before that, high school in Tom's River, N.J. At Yale, the traditional economic theory of markets and enlightened self-interest failed to explain the events that came blasting through the television screen every night -- or to provide the tools to make the world a better place.
The sweep, code-named ``Signal,'' was disclosed 10 days before cable television mogul Ted Turner and a Boeing 747-load of dignitaries and athletes are due to land in St. Petersburg to kick off the Goodwill Games.
How long before he claims that Russia's economy is fit enough to warrant his presence at the economic sessions too?
So far, fewer than 50 firms have gone bust and not a single mine has been closed, but before long unemployment will confront tens of thousands of workers.
How long before he claims that Russia's economy is fit enough to warrant his presence at the economic sessions too?
So far, fewer than 50 firms have gone bust and not a single mine has been closed, but before long unemployment will confront tens of thousands of workers.
Local restaurants put their menus on the Internet, so you can salivate in front of the screen before choosing a place to eat.
Local restaurants put their menus on the Internet, so you can salivate in front of the screen before choosing a place to eat.
``Would you like to try one of these first?'' she asked her dinner companion, only to learn the waiter was merely demonstrating that the shrimp were fresh before returning them to the kitchen to be cooked.
It would be years, however, before Haiti's political, economic and social reconstruction would take hold to the point where it could begin to wean itself from substantial U.S. assistance, even under the most optimistic of analyses.
``Both economic and institutional deterioration have worsened considerably during the past year,'' Schneider testified last month before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
TESTOSTERONE AND NOISE: The police, who increased their use of the sound meter after Mayor Rudolph Giuliani started a campaign against ``quality of life'' nuisances in the city, say that typical arrests in Greenwich Village are of young men who, vying for young women's glances, try to blast their car stereos to realms where no ear has gone before.
With health care, the crime bill and other high-profile issues to tackle before the November elections, immigration reform is not a priority for the Clinton administration or the Democrats who control Congress, reform advocates said.
At a congressional hearing last month, Attorney General Janet Reno suggested that Congress wait for a report by the U.S. Commission on Immigration Reform before considering any major changes in immigration law.
 (BC-IMMIGRATION-BILLS-$ADV11-COX) Here are the major immigration reform proposals before Congress: Bill from House Republican Task Force on Illegal Immigration Chief sponsor: Rep.
Twenty-year-olds bond together to differentiate themselves from the group before.
After months of partisan wrangling, four congressional committees approved bills before the July 4 recess that will now be considered by the full House and Senate.
However, Liu said, moving Internet users from NSFNet to the NAPs ``is really a significant change, because before they had direct and free connection to (NSFNet), and in the future they will not.'' About 100 Internet providers from the U.S. and abroad met in Washington, D.C., Thursday and Friday to discuss the technical and political details of the transition from the publicly run NSFNet to the privately operated NAPs. ``We're aware of the concerns of the public interest groups, and we're meeting to work them out,'' said Martha Stone-Martin (CQ) of FARNET Inc.
Under Senate rules, Gorton can keep sending urgent messages until July 20, two months before the Washington primary.
Equally impressive have been displays by fanatical followers around the stadiums and in the surrounding streets before and after each match.
``I had never done anything like that before, and it was the first time I had ever seen people swept up in the feeling of a match.
But it is what Kyle did before and after that day that has historians wondering how to fit such a lying, drinking, brawling, thieving and deserting scoundrel into the ranks of America's most honored heroes.
He served in George Armstrong Custer's ill-fated 7th Cavalry six years before Little Big Horn.
``But the man did an act that meets the criteria for a Medal of Honor, and you can't slight him for that.'' He approves of the decision to remark the grave that reads ``John Kile'' with a special stone that reads ``John Kyle, Medal of Honor.'' ``The fact is we're all humans before they put that medal on, and we're all humans afterward,'' Hagemeister said.
Goldstone, led an investigation of violence before the South African elections in April.
He will then issue indictments against suspected war criminals and eventually prosecute them -- if he can bring the accused to trial before the 11-judge court, which cannot compel defendants to appear.
No cases have yet been brought before it, and the tribunal has been plagued by a shortage of money and the ambiguous attitude of Russia and some European countries, which fear prosecutions will complicate the search for peace in the Balkans.
``He murdered us before they are murdering us,'' said Geula Cohen, a former member of Parliament on the far right who lives in Qiryat Arba.
``I was using a pickaxe which I've never used before,'' said Tara Hamilton, a team leader who grew up in New Carrolton, Md. ``I have a little callus on my hand which I'm very proud of.'' Now that the corps members have joined them, the entire group plans to do projects as ``teambuilding exercises.'' Their first project is to remove some tires from Spesutie Island, which is part of the base.
Tires were planted along the beach to help beach grasses grow, but now that the grasses have died, the Army Corps of Engineers wants the tires removed before they start leaking toxics into the water.
In May, a week before Mandela's inauguration as president, the city's various precincts were merged under a 100-member temporary council in which the African National Congress has 52 seats.
But before blacks can be induced to become taxpayers, he said, they must see tangible benefits from the city.
In the weeks before the two sides agreed to these meetings, Washington, in an effort to force Pyongyang to comply with the treaty barring the spread of nuclear weapons, which it signed in 1985, decided to seek U.N. sanctions against North Korea.
``And 45 percent of the material sent in has to be revised'' before it gets the NASD blessing to be printed or put on the air.
Still, Baggio, widely considered the greatest soccer player in the world before the tournament, thought about the Buddhist saying.
American exports to Brazil were rising even before the conversion, largely because of low tariffs and because of Brazil's surging economic growth rate -- at 5.7 percent in the first quarter, one of Latin America's highest.
At the SEC, Shad began a record number of cases concerning the illegal use of insider trading by people with access to key corporate information before it became available to the public.
He left the commission in June 1987, only four months before the stock market crash, to become ambassador to the Netherlands.
In May, a few days before the Coca-Cola 600 stock car race here, subpoenas were served on several drivers and dealers, calling them before a grand jury in Concord, N.H., that is investigating the case.
He said he took a chance and decided to become a Honda dealer well before the car became popular.
The message for managers is to analyze the company before imposing a strategy, like downsizing, that may not be appropriate.
But he said before departing he intends to take time to look at the universe outside -- and back home.
That made for a slow stage in cool and windy weather before a fair turnout of fans as the Tour de France returned to the mother country after two days in England.
In his 13-year career as a professional racer, Yates had never worn the yellow jersey before.
Weakened by the loss of Andy Hampsten, their strongest climber, in a training accident before the Tour and the inability of Armstrong to get free for a stage victory so far, the Motorola riders have been looking for a boost.
and who want to help us to do it,'' Clinton said at a news conference before the opening of the annual economic summit here.
Federated's merger plan is supported by Macy's senior creditors, whose claims against the company are secured by real estate and other collateral and who must be paid before other creditors get anything.
Senior Pentagon officials Friday were blaming the White House and State Departments for failing to arrive at a formal refugee agreement with Panama before making it public.
AS DAMS FAIL, OFFICIALS SAY MOST ARE UNREGULATED ATLANTA  (BC-GEORGIA-DAMS-NYT) Although more than 100 dams in Georgia have given way before the onslaught of record storms this week, all but two of them are private structures that neither the state nor federal regulatory agencies will claim as their responsibility.
Ms. Casey said Friday that she had been notified of the arrests by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and would review the arrest reports before determining whether to charge the demonstrators under the clinic access act.
Almost 100 members of those groups demonstrated Friday outside two of the clinics and a doctor's home before a smaller contingent sat in front of the entrance to Arkansas Health Counseling for Women.
The protesters, clutching Bibles and rosaries, sang religious songs for 10 minutes, ignoring police warnings, before officers carried them to a waiting bus.
``A lot of us had never seen that before.'' Hipke was one of 38 survivors, all members of elite firefighting crews -- Smokejumpers, helicopter crew members and another Forest Service unit called Hotshots.
Last summer, the Brazilians also wilted after building a 3-0 halftime lead over Germany in Washington before holding on for a 3-3 tie.
Walz, a mission specialist, flew once before.
As the president finished speaking at a news conference before the opening of the 20th annual economic summit, the exchange rate dipped in New York to 97.77 yen to the dollar and then closed at 98.05 yen, down from 98.75 on Thursday.
The Mollen Commission, after all, concluded that the union had often acted as ``a shelter for the corrupt cop.'' And PBA officials, for their part, refused to meet with or testify before the commission, which was appointed by former Mayor David Dinkins.
Major Owens, whose Congressional district in Brooklyn has endured major corruption scandals in three of its police precincts over the last decade, said he is considering subpoenaing leaders of the PBA to testify before his subcommittee's hearings on discrimination in law enforcement.
But I've dealt with unions before.
Speaking a few hours before the leaders of the world's seven main economic powers began their annual meeting at a calculatedly informal dinner, Clinton said he wanted to ``send a signal to the markets that we are working on the economic fundamentals.'' He said he did not want them to adopt a short-term strategy that could ``choke off growth'' around the world through higher interest rates.
(The other is Cuba.) Such litanies have been recited by other presidents before military action, but when pressed on prospects for an invasion, Clinton insisted, ``My position has not changed since I first commented on that.'' The news conference took place in a classic Neapolitan setting, the terrace of Zi' Teresa, one of the small restaurants that cluster around the Santa Lucia harbor, celebrated in the most famous of all Neapolitan ballads.
``This time I beat Levi to the draw and told him I loved him before he told me.'' 
Instead the leaders of the Group of Seven, NATO and the European Union have improvised and tinkered at gatherings like this one, which promises to be as inconclusive as those before it.
The budget for AIDS care and research has increased substantially under Clinton, and prevention programs are being completely reorganized -- two of the major demands that groups active on behalf of people with AIDS and HIV, the virus that causes AIDS, made before Clinton's election.
Ms. Gebbie, who was criticized by some AIDS experts for spending too much time making speeches outside Washington, said Friday that she believed her travels had been ``one of the most important things we did this past year, opening up a wider dialogue with mainstream groups, such as Campfire boys and girls, and with mainstream religious groups that had never been brought into the issue before.'' She said another thing she was proud of in her tenure was the establishment of new federal rules requiring all agencies to educate their employees about AIDS and to train supervisors in how to deal with employees who have HIV.
Hodgman then asked Golden whether detectives had shown him a knife of the type that the prosecution alleges Simpson bought at a Los Angeles cutlery store, asking the clerk to sharpen it before closing the purchase.
Shortly before the Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, Norway, the company invested several hundred thousand dollars to lease capacity on other satellites in the event broadcasters needed emergency links.
``What they've done is get out there and talk to customers about their needs before they started,'' said Robert M.
Anselmo persuaded Hughes Communications to begin work on the three satellites, even before he had raised any of the $276 million in construction costs.
Murder is an irrational act, Gaskill said, and defendants' ``irrational behavior doesn't stop because they've been arrested and hired lawyers.'' In this case, Simpson may have dug himself into a not guilty defense because of public statements his lawyers made as well as his own statements to the police before his arrest and the letter he wrote that was read to a nationwide audience while he fled from justice on the Los Angeles freeways.
He was seen just going into the house 30 seconds before.
The most recent example of decline: a proposal before the Recreation and Park Commission to close it from midnight to 6 a.m. because of concerns about homeless campers and reckless skateboarders.
He said that before anything drastic is done, garage revenues should be put to use upstairs.
The most recent example of decline: a proposal before the Recreation and Park Commission to close it from midnight to 6 a.m. because of concerns about homeless campers and reckless skateboarders.
He said that before anything drastic is done, garage revenues should be put to use upstairs.
Revolutionary Democratic Party officials said Perez Balladares, who was scheduled to meet with President Clinton in Washington on July 20, did not want to antagonize the United States before being sworn in, and therefore did not oppose the refugee agreement openly.
Thursday morning, Greg Louganis stood before 800 guests at an Olympic breakfast to accept the Robert J.
Cochran was subdued and shackled during his brief appearance before San Joaquin County Superior Court Judge Connie Callahan.
Two bills that seek to do this are now before Congress.
In a letter to the president, the attorneys general this week said a list of 14 mostly legal issues should get ``a thorough airing'' before the Uruguay Round of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade is ratified.
This was the last bargaining session before the players' executive board meets in Pittsburgh Monday, the day before the All-Star Game.
(Will move in the ``a'' national news file and in the ``n'' California news file.) (EDITORS: This sidebar is expected to move by approximately 8:00 p.m. PDT.) SIMPSON-POLICE (Los Angeles) -- For investigators working the O.J. Simpson case, Friday's order that Simpson stand trial on two counts of murder amounts to a small step before the more grueling two-month race to prepare for trial.
``This belonged to Hermann Goering and has his crest.'' The doctor reached into a pocket and showed a case made from a cartridge shell in which Goering, Hitler's second in command, kept the cyanide he used to commit suicide two hours before he was scheduled to hang.
``With my limited role, I thought I did everything in my power to keep this job, and I can't figure out their decision,'' Cangelosi said Friday afternoon, shortly before catching a flight back to New York.
Hodgman then asked Golden whether detectives had shown him a knife of the type that the prosecution alleges Simpson bought at a Los Angeles cutlery store, asking the clerk to sharpen it before closing the purchase.
The girl, Yelitza Castillo, suddenly broke free from her 17-year-old cousin as they were about to enter the Fine Fare Supermarket on Fetley Avenue shortly before 8:00 p.m., relatives said.
SIMPSON INVESTIGATORS PLEASED AT RULING, BUT REALIZE MUCH WORK IS AHEAD LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-POLICE-2Takes-LADN) For investigators working the O.J. Simpson case, Friday's order that Simpson stand trial on two counts of murder amounts to a small step before the more grueling two-month race to prepare for trial.
Speculation has focused on whether the envelope contains a knife like that witnesses said Simpson purchased before the killings.
The two initiatives opposed to gay rights had faced a $1 million opposition campaign that started organizing even before the ballot measures were filed.
``Regardless how much they spend, what it really depends on is us putting a measure before someone,'' said Burman.
Hodgman then asked Golden whether detectives had shown him a knife of the type that the prosecution alleges Simpson bought at a Los Angeles cutlery store, asking the clerk to sharpen it before closing the purchase.
The pair have been at odds before.
Deputy Los Angeles Coroner Irwin Golden testified that some wounds might have been caused by the same type of single-edged knife that police contend Simpson purchased five weeks before the slayings.
This was four years before the Anita Hill-Clarence Thomas hearings awakened the public to the seriousness of sexual harassment -- in all its forms and degrees.
He had begun his career in the Royals' organization but played just 11 games for Kansas City before being dealt to the Mets in the club's dumbest trade.
In the days before she was slain, Ms. Abequa, 40, apparently spoke with at least one neighbor in Parsippany-Troy Hills about the murder of Nicole Brown Simpson in Los Angeles, according to Murphy.
On Friday, Michael Douglas Brambles agreed to return from Nevada during a brief appearance before District Judge Nancy Becker in Las Vegas.
Because he lost so much blood, we had to give him a transfusion before his blood pressure would stay up on its own accord.
In the weeks before the two sides agreed to these meetings, Washington, in an effort to force Pyongyang to comply with the treaty barring the spread of nuclear weapons, which it signed in 1985, decided to seek U.N. sanctions against North Korea.
Friday night, it took Smith 12 pitches before the inevitable occurred -- and that still wasn't a record for Smith, who once gave up back-to-back homers to his first two hitters in a game.
Like so many other times, though, Smith appeared to right himself after the first frame and pitched six scoreless innings before Josias Manzanillo started the eighth.
Kevin McReynolds was activated from the disabled list before the game, but with the injuries and the release of John Cangelosi, the Mets played with no healthy reserve outfielder.
``I was a little upset (before the catch) because I felt I was out of position a couple of times tonight.'' Said Mets manager Dallas Green: ``That's one of the better plays you'll see in baseball.
``We fully expect him back in 1995, hopefully before.'' What this means for the Giants is that they will go with John Patterson and Steve Scarsone (in the lineup Friday night against Philadelphia) at second base, with Mike Benjamin also filling in.
But Scarsone kept running and running and slid on the outfield turf, stopping the ball before it got through and keeping Thompson at third base.
He was an assistant coach at Villanova and at Maryland, with an outstanding reputation as a recruiter, before taking the head post at Washington State, where he stayed for 11 seasons.
Some evidence may never come before a jury.
Look carefully, though, before turning away.
Funny, then, that the world of academe today is displaying serious deference to them, this trio of manic numbskulls who ran amok before the cameras from the 1930s to the 1960s and frequently made slapstick violence so hilarious it hurt.
How many of our people have to become refugees and hostages before something is done?
When this ungodly arrangement began to unravel in 1988 -- as Mikhail Gorbachev began talking of freedoms never before imagined in the Soviet state -- the cities of Nagorno-Karabakh were enveloped by war.
Some evidence may never come before a jury.
So I was imprisoned a little bit,'' said Cliburn, whose mother, Rildia Bee, served as his first piano teacher before he went to the Juilliard School at 17.
As Shepard, Gordon Cooper, Scott Carpenter, John Glenn and the other astronauts recall, they all were superstars even before accomplishing anything, a point delivered with such eloquence by Wolfe in ``Right Stuff.'' Corbin, as Slayton, discusses how beautiful women would throw themselves at them to get the boys in bed -- ``which wasn't that hard to do,'' he recalls.
The film footage is nothing less than spectacular, much of it never seen before.
The wartime president toiled so fervently to destroy fascism that his health failed and he died just before the end of the war.
Every few weeks, I wield pruning shears to chop back all the danglers before they look straggly.
And it wasn't too long before she decided to be a scrappy little hellion to Bailey.
And before she could answer, I blurted it out.
Consider these images from the new, stage version of ``Tommy'': The title character is pulled from the clutches of the Acid Queen before she can pollute him with drugs.
There have been concerts at Dodger Stadium before.
Well, OK, it's a twice-in-a-lifetime event if you count the other time Carreras, Domingo and Pavarotti performed with Mehta, a concert in Rome before the World Cup final there four years ago.
``We could have put 15 million or 20 million pairs of eyes on him in one night.'' Yet that, as it turned out, was nothing compared to the 95 million television viewers who spied the chase through the area's freeway system the evening before.
Here are some things to know before you get started.
``He has to heal their wounds to make this work.'' At the same time, though, President Saleh will have to mollify Yemen's oil-rich and autocratic Arab neighbors, like Saudi Arabia, which simply don't like the idea of a united Yemen that has experimented with democracy before.
Back in New York, he became a partner in a prestigious law firm before being recruited to run the Dime.
When, weak and emaciated, Kimberly Bergalis testified before Congress in 1991, she set off nationwide alarm.
He himself cannot forget ``the visual impact of a fragile woman, particularly in that testimony before Congress.
This is a tribute to the architect, William Rawn, whose firm had not designed a concert hall before, and to the acoustician, R.
So the first lesson of the visit seemed to be that the majority of Palestinians, and Israelis, had matured into believers in the peace process in the weeks and months before Arafat finally arrived in Gaza on July 1.
These days it's hard to go to a hit movie or attend a pop concert without feeling we've seen it before we arrived.
MARINES AT U.S. EMBASSY IN HAITI ARE BUSY WITH SANDBAGS PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti  (BC-HAITI-MARINES-NYT) A few days before 2,000 U.S. Marines were scheduled to arrive in Haitian waters, other Marines from the U.S. embassy were busy filling sandbags and piling them atop the embassy roof Saturday.
Going into the final weekend before the break, seven players were hitting .350 or higher compared with four at the break last year and two in 1987.
Twenty kilometers (13 miles) before Poli attacked, the Frenchman slid out the back of the pack and first saw it leave him straggling.
So it came as a jolt for many Gazans to learn about the death this week of Farid Jarboua, 28, a taxi driver who was arrested on June 25 on charges of drug dealing and of having collaborated with Israel before the withdrawal of Israeli soldiers in mid-May.
It was as if Lothar Matthaeus, Germany's captain, was returning the kind of attention he got in the United States before this World Cup began.
``He is a perfect player,'' Beckenbauer said of Matthaeus, in an interview Saturday morning, before the German team had arrived from Chicago, its first-round base.
 (BC-SOC-WCUP-SWEDEN-ROMANIA-2TAKES-NYT) This is a story about a successful black athlete, an athlete who was named with Martin Luther King in mind and who like a number of black athletes before him, was forced to make his way through largely uncharted territory to reach the top of his profession.
``I do feel some pride about being one of the first, but I don't see myself as any kind of pioneer,'' Dahlin said before Sunday's World Cup quarterfinal match against Romania.
Swedish soccer reached its peak in 1958, when Sweden was host to the World Cup and a group of Italian-based stars carried the national team all the way to the final before it lost to Brazil.
 (BC-SOC-WCUP-SWEDEN-ROMANIA-2NDTAKE-NYT) If any other club is interested in Dahlin (and there are surely plenty), it will have to pay considerably more than the 4 million Deutsche-mark transfer fee he was reportedly worth before the World Cup.
In October 1975, he was indicted on charges that he had bribed a witness to disappear to avoid testifying before a grand jury investigating allegations that Goldman had improperly funneled money from the Shubert Foundation.
Simpson's wild ride, before he delivered himself to the police, was made even more surreal by its setting -- a seeming infinity of freeways.
``If you're the defense -- and especially if your client is locked up -- you want to put it to the prosecution, hopefully before their investigation is done, before they can find the knife, or worse, before they can come across someone who might have seen it,'' Dwyer said.
Ironically, this occurred just two years before the famous incident in which he cracked a line drive off the right eye of Herb Score, the Cleveland Indians pitcher.
``I could see him recoiling after he threw, rather than following through as he had before.
But that question is not likely to be put to a vote when it matters -- beforehand -- administration officials say, although they acknowledge that congressional opposition could complicate their decision-making and pose a significant political risk if an invasion went badly.
``It's a policy problem created by the administration itself.'' President Clinton has vowed to consult with Congress before any invasion.
``I think after a while it became rather boring for him.'' Shortly before dawn on Sept.
Would allow judges to suspend licenses of people charged with drunken driving before conviction.
Would require hepatitis B immunizations for children born after 1993 before they enter kindergarten.
Would have required parental notification before abortions performed on minors.
Would have required state and local agencies to consider whether minority and low-income communities are disproportionately affected by pollution before issuing various permits.
Would have required municipalities to meet state goals for recycling before they could receive state permits to build garbage incinerators.
LEGISLATION FAILED Would have required state and local transportation agencies to study ways to encourage people to use mass transit before building or expanding highways.
The timing of Saturday's development -- the news broke just three hours before Berlusconi read out the summit conference's economic communique alongside Clinton and other world leaders -- was no coincidence and suggested that anti-Berlusconi forces in the judiciary were seeking to embarrass him.
Shortly before the elections in March that brought Berlusconi's Forza Italia party to power as part of a right-wing alliance, his brother was briefly arrested.
Federal officials will rule on the waiver requests before deciding on which applications to accept.
``I told him, `You got to find the ball before you flip down the glasses,' '' Bauer said, ``and he said, `Casey didn't tell me that.' '' Casey Stengel was his manager for 10 years, but Yogi Berra was the Yankee manager in 1964 when Phil Linz was playing ``Mary Had a Little Lamb'' on his harmonica on the team's chartered bus outside Comiskey Park after the White Sox had swept a four-game series.
Yet the Maurice was a river to reckon with in New Jersey long before words like ``suburbs'' and ``split level'' and ``turnpike'' came to define the state.
Fauerbach, who spent two decades with an oystering and ship-building concern on the Maurice before becoming executive director of the New Jersey Conference of Mayors.
``According to doctors, it is only a matter of time before he fully recovers.'' Mario Condorelli, an Italian doctor treating Murayama, said that there was ``nothing worrying'' in his condition and that he might be able to leave the hospital in time for the political discussions Sunday.
In a letter dated July 7, Fiske declined an invitation to testify before the House Banking Committee.
In his letter, Fiske wrote, ``I believe it would be inappropriate and would compromise my ability to function effectively as an independent counsel if I were to appear before Congress to answer questions about my investigation while a major part of it is still going on.'' In a separate letter to Gonzalez, Fiske discouraged congressional testimony by some Clinton administration officials on the grounds that their appearance could compromise his criminal inquiry.
Pyongyang Radio issued a detailed funeral schedule, flags were flown at half-staff and foreigners living in Pyongyang reported that thousands of mourners in the otherwise quiet capital were flocking to a huge statue of Kim in central Pyongyang and weeping before this symbol of the personality cult he created.
However, before taking a step that could generate hefty legal fees, it may be wiser, experts say, to conduct an internal audit to determine if the building was indeed cheated.
It is the Legislature, after all, that must pass a constitutional amendment twice before it goes before voters for final approval.
Chavis and the alliance are lobbying Congress for the elimination of polluters' financial liability for toxic waste dumping that occurred before 1986.
``It will play to our advantage only if we use every aspect of the debate to reinforce our key overall political/economic message: Democrats believe in linking work and reward; we're on the side of the hard-working middle class.'' Nonetheless the candidates remain wary of embracing health care, since no one knows what will happen in Congress during the three months before adjournment or, more important, how the voters will react to whatever legislation evolves.
When the river started rising, Jimmy Lewis lined up 100 trailers and in 36 hours filled them with 300 loads of agricultural sprayers and fertilizer spreaders, which were then hauled five miles to high ground before the water covered his warehouse.
I've got the feeling I've seen this movie before.
The Spaniards had plenty of players around the ball when they attacked in the sequence just before Baggio's goal.
They must announce their intention before the trial, which, by law, can start within 60 days of his arraignment on July 22.
In arguments at the hearing before Judge Kathleen Kennedy-Powell, prosecutors relied mostly on blood-stained items, testimony that demonstrated Simpson had had the time to carry out the killings and the lack of any witness to say he had been otherwise occupied at the time.
 (BC-SIMPSON-TRIAL-2NDTAKE-NYT) Another fight is also expected to emerge -- or re-emerge -- over evidence collected by detectives hours after the killings at Simpson's estate, before they had secured a search warrant.
Simpson called the 911 emergency number and told the police, according to their report, that Simpson had threatened her by saying, ``I'll kill you.'' The same report quotes Simpson as telling the police that they had responded to similar calls eight times before.
In addition to all that, the defense team has to contend with Simpson's three-hour statement to police given the day after the killings and four days before he was charged.
Those doubts continued Saturday before a host of old-timers, including Joe DiMaggio, Mickey Mantle, Mickey Rivers and Ron Blomberg, and Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and his celebrated son, Andrew.
Kamieniecki had hit only one batter in 791/3 innings this season before he began plunking Snow.
Harris then hit DiSarcina, reloading the bases, before he struck out Curtis for the end of the agonizing inning.
This was the 78th running of the Oaks, the most traditional and important race for fillies in America, a race won the last three years by Sky Beauty, Turnback the Alarm and Lite Light and before that by superstars like Ruffian.
The Oaks also marked the end of the Triple Tiara series for 3-year-old fillies, and it was certain before the field of seven went to the post that nobody would sweep the series as Sky Beauty did last year.
De Goej, the Dutch goalie, left his line in attempting to make a sliding save, but Bebeto artfully danced around him, and dribbled virtually to the goal mouth before pushing the ball in for a 2-0 Brazil lead, while the Dutch players screamed futilely that Romario was offside.
Two-bedroom units there are advertised for $119,000 and savings are estimated at 66 percent of asking prices before the property was foreclosed on.
He would not disclose his purchase price, but said unit prices could have been 30 percent higher if all the fitting-out work had to be done before offering them for sale.
He said he had received letters of intent and offers even before his lawyers had drafted the necessary condominium offering documents.
But on the sidewalk, a grimacing man in a baseball cap and T-shirt paced back and forth with a cardboard sign that declared, ``Give me liberty, not socialism!'' Long before Hoagland returned to his district for the Fourth of July recess, voters here had been deluged with television and radio advertisements that cast Democratic efforts to revamp health care as a dangerous, even sinister threat to free enterprise.
The Democrat has been the target of negative advertisements before, especially during the budget debate last year, and worries that they could doom his political career.
1, 1992, Adams was affected as never before.
Both students went before UT's Dean of Students, but no action was taken.
As the Cowboys prepare for this week's three-day minicamp at Valley Ranch before reporting Friday to St. Edward's University in Austin for training camp, they attempt to put behind them an oddly noteworthy off-season as unsteady and unpredictable as Jerry Jones atop that Orlando bar stool.
In virtually every area touched by the coaching staff -- organization, scheduling, play-calling -- the Cowboys will do business as they did before Switzer arrived.
``I was hired to be the coach of a Cowboys team that was good enough to go to the Super Bowl before I got here and is going to be good enough again now that I'm here.'' MANAGEMENT When Jerry Jones proclaims that ``nothing has changed'' in this department, he's functioning as a spin doctor.
Michael Rivkin, 60, of Pomona, N.Y., the college's former assistant vice president for business operations, entered the plea to a second-degree grand larceny charge before Justice Francis X.
``If you're the defense -- and especially if your client is locked up -- you want to put it to the prosecution, hopefully before their investigation is done, before they can find the knife, or worse, before they can come across someone who might have seen it,'' Dwyer said.
 (BC-RAC-HOLLYWOOD OAKS-LADN) While training at Churchill Downs in the weeks before the Kentucky Oaks last May, Lakeway got sick and so sore that trainer Gary Jones sent her to a nearby clinic for X-rays.
And trainer John Sadler said he'll have a ``conference call with the owners'' before deciding whether to let Sportful Snob start.
It's not unusual to see her in the late mornings out riding before she has to pick up one or more of the children for a play date.
Lukas, second to Bill Mott in the national trainer standings after the July 4 weekend, will move closer to the top spot he held for 10 years before landing at No.10 in a miserable 1993.
The NL already had nine All-Star victories in 10 years before the DH.
The golfing legend and the relentless 27-year-old Kansan, shooting matching scores (68-70-65) for three days before Watson leaned first and nipped Nicklaus at the finish by 1 stroke, 65 to 66.
One possible missed offside call against Brazil, just before Bebeto's goal gave his team a 2-0 lead on the way to a 3-2 victory, raised a question after the game.
First there was Benjamin Ward, a former patrolman who had become a lawyer and had headed the city and state prison systems before being appointed by Mayor Edward I.
Brown, who had received a Ph.D. in criminology and run the Police Departments in Houston and Atlanta before becoming Mayor David Dinkins's police commissioner.
How the hell would he know what I wanted?'' Ward, who served as commissioner for nearly half of the 10 years that the panel examined beginning in 1984, insisted that ``nobody had a better record in fighting corruption than me.'' ``I left the department in great shape,'' he said, ``and I cautioned Brown to be on the lookout for corruption.'' Condon, who served as Ward's first deputy before taking charge for six months, did not respond to a message left on his home answering machine on Saturday.
Throughout his career, Brown said, he had ``always moved aggressively to insure that those who violate their public trust are severely dealt with, including termination and prosecution.'' Kelly had been Brown's first deputy for two years before taking charge of the department in the summer of 1992.
Saturday, for example, the day the World Cuppers pulled out and left the old ballpark to the Sooners and Longhorns and the Kilgore Rangerettes, there was a question before the first kick.
``Before the kick, I looked up at the scoreboard and there was about 10 minutes to go,'' said Branco, a 30-year-old who hadn't played in the Cup before Saturday.
But not before a dramatic, emotional second half that saw them jump to a 2-0 lead and then waste it before getting the winner from the most unlikely of feet.
The Dutch said Romario was offside before Bebeto received the ball.
In first round play, the defending Cup champions sneaked past Bolivia 1-0, came back from a goal down to tie Spain 1-1 and blew a 3-0 lead before beating South Korea 3-2 to win Group C.
(Island/Dell, $6.99.) .......4.......22 	Just before he kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
The meeting had been announced before but not the dates.
The meeting had been announced before but not the dates.
Last time around, Yeltsin noted, we came before this summit looking for aid.
Longoria remembers the time long ago when he was tuning his accordion before a show.
Longoria remembers the time long ago when he was tuning his accordion before a show.
 (BC-BILLIONAIRE-BOYS-2ndtake-LADN) But the Hunt trial took place before Court TV, before the advent of tabloid TV news shows willing to pay for interviews, with a gag order firmly in place and with a defendant who was unknown before his arrest, he said.
``The government has an enormous amount of power, and there are so many procedural and other matters where injustices can occur unchecked unless people are watching.'' In appealing his conviction -- he is now seeking a hearing before the U.S. Supreme Court for his claims of judicial bias and other errors -- Hunt has attacked extensive testimony he claims painted him ``as a depraved, conscienceless boy wonder of crime.'' While his image suffered in newspaper and magazine accounts published before the trial, the extensive publicity also brought forth several witnesses who will play a crucial role in his drive to obtain a new trial.
Selling bonds before maturity into a market where rates are rising will result in a loss or principal.
If they have extra cash sitting in a money market account, the Institute for Econometric Research recommends doubling up on the original investment just before making the sale.
The president told his fellow leaders just before the conference opened that he opposed any early effort to prop up the dollar, because the American economy was healthier than the markets thought.
Last time around, Yeltsin noted, we came before this summit looking for aid.
The Turnberry we encounter this particular day, the weekend before the 123rd British Open golf championship is to begin, must be a close kin to the day the Scots decided to invent whiskey.
I hit 3-iron into greens where I hit 9-iron just a day before.
Further, Fed governors must decide if they want to raise rates before Alan Greenspan, the chairman of the Federal Reserve, goes to Congress on July 20 to deliver his semiannual testimony on the Fed's outlook for the economy.
In the days before the Naples meeting, Bentsen, the administration's chief spokesman concerning the dollar, said the administration vigorously supported a strong dollar.
``Whoever actually prepares the wedding reception -- and it shouldn't be the bride who'll have too much to do on her wedding day anyway -- ought not to be intimidated, just because she's never put on a reception before,'' she said.
And like Ryan, Johnson had to first learn to use the talent and the fear factor before finding a sublime balance.
Marcia Griffiths, a former backup singer for Marley, performed before Priest and did a set that included a handful of Marley's tunes, including ``Buffalo Soldier'' and ``No Woman, No Cry.'' She was joined by Judy Mowatt, another of Marley's backup singers, and the two rocked the hall and had people standing.
As it happens, it was less than three weeks before the fund's planned closing was announced and at a time when its assets were around $500 million, that an SEC filing was made for a closed-end fund intended to invest almost identically to this fund.
The meeting was set by Chancellor Helmut Kohl just before he departed at the end of the Group of 7 summit meeting here.
Until the late 1980s, for example, many German companies released their annual earnings figures under an embargo to journalists a day or two before their publication date.
Steinkuehler was a member of Daimler-Benz's supervisory board and bought the shares just before Daimler announced a stock-swap deal that pushed the price of Mercedes Holding shares much higher.
That contradiction will come into play well before full membership becomes an issue, as East Europeans look to the West instead of to Russia to supply new arms.
American officials had said before Clinton's trip that it was imperative that all Russian troops withdraw from the Baltics by the end of August.
Ever since the merger announcement 11 days ago -- and even before -- many people in the television industry have been looking at Disney as a logical fit with a broadcast network.
``I would be shocked if Disney did anything unfriendly, but then I have been shocked before,'' said Jeffrey Logsdon, an analyst at the Seidler Cos.
``I thought nobody was going to be excluded, that everyone would be equal before the law.
``No, we're not satisfied to be in the semifinals,'' Sacchi said, about an hour before the players took the field for a 60-minute practice.
``Two or three months before the World Cup he was not up to par, but he is having a good tournament.'' Costacurta has been the steadiest influence in the middle of the Italian defense.
It's simply a matter of time before she self-destructs.
Although he has not performed the procedure -- and animal experiments would have to be conducted before such an implant could be tried in people -- he said installing the titanium structure would take three to four hours.
``It was a nuisance turning the phone on and having to bring it to my ear to listen for a dial tone before bringing it back in front of me so I could see to dial,'' he said.
During several days before and after the buyout collapsed, the value of UAL's stock fell by more than a third, as arbitragers saw the value of their investments drop by more than $500 million.
Over the next year, negotiations broke off and revived several times before United's board approved a proposal in late December.
American officials had said before Clinton's trip that it was imperative that all Russian troops withdraw from the Baltics by the end of August.
Now some buildings in these neighborhoods, typically four- or five-story buildings with 50 to 100 apartments, lacking elevators but solidly built in the years before World War II, are being refurbished.
Van Varick said the agency needed time to let borrowers know it was back in the market, but also is up against many more competitors than before.
``All of a sudden there is a flurry of banks that were not familiar with these areas before that are now looking to lend in them,'' Levine said.
He conceded that any delay could begin to cut into the limited period left before the North must move nuclear fuel rods it removed from its reactor in Yongbyon last month.
The undertow, invisible under the deceptively sluggish brown water, pulled him under three times before he finally touched the other side, and he has never really gotten over his fear of the river.
But the stretch of the Flint River that meanders through this corner of southeastern Georgia has reached over its banks for him and the town three times in his life, and now it is reaching farther than ever before.
A fourth are on probation or parole, a handful have asked guidance counselors to attend court hearings with them and one has testified before Congress on the dangers of guns.
Before Joe Black joined the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1952, he played in the Negro leagues, and he remembers how in the 1940s, before those players could join the majors, let alone a union, there was widespread disdain for the position the Negro league owners held on salaries.
He remembers two all-star squads from the Negro leagues acted on that disdain by refusing to take the field before an all-star game.
The two goals came two minutes apart, and Penev can count himself lucky, for he had Stoichkov's number (and Sirakov's) at the officials' table for substitution just moments before the tying goal came.
``We had to score the second goal, and we didn't do it, and we were heavily punished.'' If Germany was overconfident before the game began -- Bulgaria needed a penalty-kick tie breaker to eliminate Mexico in the second round -- the Germans quickly learned that these guys knew how to play coolly and confidently, too.
Of course, before this World Cup, Bulgaria had been in four others, and in 16 matches had never won (10 losses, 6 ties).
Then, referring to their 2-0 victory over Argentina in the final game of the first round, he added: ``But we've played other favorites before, and won.
But such questions are increasingly coming before the court as Congress passes more statutes that the executive branch interprets into regulations -- and a dissatisfied person challenges in a lawsuit.
And so here he is, pitching before packed Dutchess County Stadium crowds.
``I respect you,'' said the man whose committee had approved a sweeping health care bill a little more than a week before.
``He doesn't have the push that Rosty has.'' But there are paradoxes about Gibbons' long journey from the state Legislature, in which he served for a decade before being elected to Congress in 1962, to the top spot on the Ways and Means Committee.
It can take three to five years before one can really, really make a change to not be violent in intimate relationships,'' Smith said.
Branco's time was four years ago in Italy, or four before that in Mexico.
There is no way to overstate the intensity of feeling, even when the games are played before crowds miles and miles to the north with less passion and knowledge.
I have self-esteem, which I never had before,'' the suburban Van Nuys resident said.
 (BC-SOC-WCUP-SWEDEN-RAVELLI-NYT) Just before this sun-drenched lottery of a World Cup began, Thomas Ravelli was asked to assess his Swedish team's chances of success.
Thanks in large part to his timely performance in Sunday's victory over Romania, this Swedish team is not merely the best in 20 years; it is the best since 1958, when another cohesive band from the land of short summer nights made it all the way to the final before losing to Pele and Brazil.
``I got a fax from Bjorn before the match,'' Ravelli said.
``I don't like that at all,'' Ravelli said when it was over, after Sweden celebrated before the Stanford Stadium crowd with a well-deserved team bow.
``What's amazing to me is that it didn't get brought up,'' he said, adding that he could not rule out the possibility that it was discussed before he joined the 4-year-old project in April 1992.
``I had made the decision to quit already before, but I wanted to depart with another World Cup title,'' Illgner, 27, said.
The question of granting immunity for a sitting president from a civil suit involving actions alleged to have occurred before his taking office has arisen only once before, when President John F.
Judge Wright has said she will rule before Aug.
Smith Henley of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, who advised her to take Clinton's class on navigation law before coming to work for him to deal with cases before him.
The way deals are structured, theater rent and all theater expenses must be paid before any profits are apportioned to investors.
Peters, a native of Wallingford, said he started collecting train paraphernalia shortly before he began working for the railroad at 29, but he had always had a love of trains.
The find: old link-and-pin couplings, which were used to join trains before the safer, knuckle method was adopted.
He started as a machinist with Amtrak two weeks before Peters retired.
Hutchinson ``said great things about the agency and where it can go,'' Flood recalled in an interview Friday at the Altschiller Reitzfeld office in Manhattan, adding that the unusual step of interviewing his predecessor was ``part of my due diligence'' before joining the agency.
Admiral Selby testified before the International Court at the Hague, and in 1949 it upheld a British claim for 850,000 pounds in damages from Albania.
That is because of the vast layers of building regulations that must be met: separate codes for buildings that went up before and after 1968, fire safety codes, zoning ordinances, asbestos removal requirements, a law mandating access for the handicapped and dozens of other legal strictures.
You can imagine my surprise when the phone rang the next day and it was Raveling, who seemed to have received his copy of the paper up in Pullman before I got mine in Los Angeles.
I have long suspected the Mike Garrett's unhappiness with Raveling --it was no secret that Garrett didn't much care for him even before Garrett became USC athletic director -- stems from the fact that he thinks Raveling spreads himself too thin.
Shell said the former Cleveland Brown and Detroit Lion had made a previous commitment this week before signing with the Raiders June 20.
And in the 79th minute, Iordan Letchkov heads in a brilliant pass from Zlatko Iankov to give the Bulgarians an upset for the ages, 2-1 before 72,426 stunned spectators at Giants Stadium.
As West Germany, before World Cup '94, it had reached six championships in the past 10 World Cups.
Germany appeared to take that 2-0 lead when Andreas Moeller hit the right post from outside the box and Rudi Voeller knocked in the rebound -- only Voeller had been offsides before Moeller's shot.
And in the 79th minute, Iordan Letchkov heads in a brilliant pass from Zlatko Iankov to give the Bulgarians an upset for the ages, 2-1 before 72,426 stunned spectators at Giants Stadium.
As West Germany, before World Cup '94, it had reached six championships in the past 10 World Cups.
Germany appeared to take that 2-0 lead when Andreas Moeller hit the right post from outside the box and Rudi Voeller knocked in the rebound -- only Voeller had been offsides before Moeller's shot.
(Island/Dell, $6.99.) .......4.......22 	Just before he kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
Look carefully, though, before turning away.
Funny, then, that the world of academe today is displaying serious deference to them, this trio of manic numbskulls who ran amok before the cameras from the 1930s to the 1960s and frequently made slapstick violence so hilarious it hurt.
How many of our people have to become refugees and hostages before something is done?
When this ungodly arrangement began to unravel in 1988 -- as Mikhail Gorbachev began talking of freedoms never before imagined in the Soviet state -- the cities of Nagorno-Karabakh were enveloped by war.
Some evidence may never come before a jury.
``He has to heal their wounds to make this work.'' At the same time, though, President Saleh will have to mollify Yemen's oil-rich and autocratic Arab neighbors, like Saudi Arabia, which simply don't like the idea of a united Yemen that has experimented with democracy before.
Back in New York, he became a partner in a prestigious law firm before being recruited to run the Dime.
When, weak and emaciated, Kimberly Bergalis testified before Congress in 1991, she set off nationwide alarm.
He himself cannot forget ``the visual impact of a fragile woman, particularly in that testimony before Congress.
Fortunately, just a few months before the accident that ended his life, Eleanor had insisted he have his portrait done.
So the first lesson of the visit seemed to be that the majority of Palestinians, and Israelis, had matured into believers in the peace process in the weeks and months before Arafat finally arrived in Gaza on July 1.
COMMENTARY: CRIME, DEATH AND TRADING CARDS  (BC-LANE-COLUMN-COX) O.J. Simpson had hardly reached the turn-off lane before his new marketing potential was being explored.
Each plank must be surfaced to identical thickness and mating edges jointed perfectly before glueing.
Take your time before deciding how the boards should be matched.
``You remember we were fighting through the hedgerows, the so-called bocage country, and you can't appreciate that country until you have seen it.'' In The Battle of the Generals, military historian Martin Blumenson reports that in the 17 days before the capture of St. Lo, the First Army ``gained less than seven miles at a cost of 40,000 casualties, plus another 10,000 to 15,000 suffe ring from combat fatigue or shell shock.'' He quotes a survivor as saying, `` `We won the battle of Normandy.
`` `The tankers -- and shortly thereafter General Bradley -- watched with awe as a hedgerow exploded before their eyes to make way for a Sherman bu rsting through,' '' Hastings says.
Yoshitsugu Saito, Japanese commander on Saipan, sits on a rock in what the Japanese call Paradise Valley, and performs the traditional rites of hara-kiri, opening an artery in his stomach before his adjutant sho ots him in the head.
``...Men, women and children cut each others' throats; deliberately drowned, or embraced death by any means they could,'' Morison says, adding: ``Parents dashed babies' brains out on the cliffs, and then jumped over themselves; children tossed hand grenades to each other.'' It would be years, even decades after the war, before the last Japanese soldiers would walk out of the jungles of the Marianas and give themselves up.
Had Kim not dropped dead before the meeting-to-be, I suspect the conference would have ended in acrimony, as has so many other conferences with that belligerent despot or his representatives.
Clinton should have recalled the grief of the thousands of American families who lost loved ones in Kim's Korean War, of the hundreds of thousands of Americans who were wounded in action, of the thousands still missing and of those who returned whole but mentally scarred by the ferocity of the conflict before offering ``sincere condolences'' on behalf of all of us.
On Kennedy's staff, he became immersed in airline deregulation and his ideas became law.'' Brown hadn't worked on Capitol Hill before, and he credits Kennedy for helping him to make the transition.
No one was on the PLO's back about it before.
We do finally rein in ourselves, before our listeners either nod off or throw scary-looking sharp things, and surely, we've all sat glassy-eyed at some dinner table or other, as the person with the least to say says the most.
Like the Indian laborers nearly 300 years before them, they use their own hands to smooth on a fresh layer of protection for the thick walls against the elements of passing seasons -- a practical yet symbolic labor of devotion.
Biologists will conduct more tests before considering a full-fledged control effort at Cape Lookout and Cumberland Island.
Biologists will conduct more tests before considering a full-fledged control effort at Cape Lookout and Cumberland Island.
But the Seattle-based software colossus recently sent out thousands of copies of Chicago to users who will test the software before it is released sometime later this year or early next year.
Ms. Williams has been teaching design, both traditional and electronic, for a dozen years and has written at least seven books, ranging from ``Jargon, an Informal Dictionary of Computer Terms,'' the only dictionary readable from first page to last, to the exquisitely narrow ``Tabs and Indents on the Macintosh.'' ``The Nondesigner's Design Book'' is a 140-page introduction, with exercises and open-book quizzes, to typographical design, with numerous examples of party invitations, yellow-page ads, business cards and title pages, shown both before and after the principles of contrast, repetition, alignment and proximity have been intelligently applied.
People will see money that they've never seen before.
WORLD CUP A STARTLING HIT IN THE U.S. SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-SOC-CUP-SUCCESS-HNS) The bad-mouthing started months before the World Cup.
I think this will be very good for the U.S., very good for soccer.'' Swedish striker Martin Dahlin, interviewed before his team defeated Romania at Stanford on Sunday, said: ``I think the World Cup in America has been very successful.
Alan Rothenberg, chief U.S. organizer for the Cup, spent much of his time before the tournament apologizing for polls and disagreeing with doomsayers.
A month before the World Cup, 39 of the 52 games to be played were sold out and organizers estimated that 95 percent of available seats would be sold before the tournament ends.
``You Americans did too well at selling tickets,'' said Italian Sophia Cordelli, who was interviewed at the Italy-Mexico match in Washington, D.C. ``During the Italian Cup, there were many games that you could buy tickets right before the game.
Last week, before ruling there was sufficient evidence to bring the O.J. Simpson case to trial, Municipal Court Judge Kathleen Kennedy-Powell rejected the defense's motion to suppress evidence gathered by the police at his home on the morning following the murders.
Probably more than ever before, society would have argued about whether it is worth suppressing illegally obtained evidence when the cost is that defendants might go free.
The joke wears thin, however, before the end of the unfinished-looking dance.
I remember watching the landing one warm summer night in 1969 with a few friends at my apartment in Norfolk, Va., drinking white wine and eating cheese fondue, and we were young and our whole lives were before us and the United States was the pre-eminent technological and economic power and it would stay that way forever.
Just before he stepped up to the microphone the speakers went dead, whereupon the moderator tapped and blew on the mike until the power returned, whereupon he announced to the cheering throng: ``The spirit of the people is greater than man's technology.'' Well, that's how people think in a state where it's considered fascistic to study science and engineering.
But in more leisurely Victorian times, says Fowles, the problem of gentlemen and ladies wasn't so much the difficulty of finding time as finding a way to fill up ``the vast colonnades of time'' they saw stretching out before them.
Still others have simply become expert at picking out and discarding seeds before sampling the fruit at all.
The sudden appearance before the diplomatic community of the 52-year-old heir apparent capped a day in which North Korea began to return to normal after a frenzy of mourning over the weekend for its 82-year-old ``Great Leader,'' who had ruled the communist nation for nearly half a century until he died, apparently of a heart attack.
They opened as Yasser Arafat, the chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization, bid farewell to Tunisia, the PLO's base for the last 12 years, before heading for his permanent home in the self-rule areas of Gaza and Jericho.
Here in the age of earnestness, recoiling before the thought of a dry martini and lifting a white wine spritzer, we can be pretty sure that what leads to the bottle is not writing, but lack of earnestness.
``There may be an effect on postponing elections here.'' Even before approximately 70 percent of the electorate in both neighboring countries turned out for Sunday's balloting to voice their displeasure with incumbents, political leaders in Russia indicated they were nervous about taking the public's pulse there.
``An awful lot of hoopla has been published about this comet,'' he said, ``but the truth is, no one knows how big the comet was before it broke up, or how large each fragment may now be.
To make observations of a part of Jupiter's ultraviolet spectrum not covered by other instruments, NASA will launch a sounding rocket from White Sands, N.M., just before the comet hits.
``I didn't think they were ever going to get married,'' admitted Ida White, who joined King in secretive wedding preparations months before he proposed marriage.
The bride's late grandfather, James White Sr., worked at the Port of Albany and in a dye factory in Rensselaer before starting his own trash-hauling business, White Trucking & Rubbish.
Just as Kennedy and Reagan before him, Clinton will be trying to solidify his credentials as a defender of Western values on a continent whose future still remains uncertain.
It was very much like the look he had flashed the day before in London, when, during an exhibition at the grand opening of the London Golf Club, he holed out a bunker shot from a buried lie for birdie and another bunker shot for eagle four holes later.
Bernice Johnson remembers what it was like before the center was formed.
Even before his father's death, the younger Kim held a host of titles, most notably the Supreme Commander of the Korean People's Army.
Just last week, days before his father died, Kim was lauded in an official radio broadcast saying that sightings of ``triple rainbows'' over Mount Paektu, the country's most sacred spot, were evidence that Kim's ``brilliant revolutionary feats'' were being praised ``by nature.'' An editorial that same week in the official ``Worker's Paper,'' another state mouthpiece, gushed that ``Kim Jong Il is guiding our people ideologically by propounding great ideas and theories ...
Pyongyang also said it expects its new president, once named, to meet with South Korean President Kim Young Sam in a summit that had been scheduled before Kim Il Sung's death.
``His first interest was in finding out who he was, and connecting with his tribe, and finding out what his cultural background was.'' Moreover, because tribes require proof of lineage before extending membership, Crenshaw and others were being denied access to the special services that are available to Indians who are enrolled members of tribes.
His mother had a history of substance abuse, and he and his brother were placed together in foster homes before eventually being adopted by the same family.
His routine before every shot is the same -- a little bouncing on the line as the opponent slowly approaches the ball, waiting, waiting, waiting until the last possible moment to tap it away.
 (BC-BREAST-CANCER-2NDTAKE-NYT) A year or so ago, when her brother and his family began building a house in Iowa, Ms. Friedman made a gentlewoman's bet with him that she would have her BRCA-1 before the house was finished.
Varmus expects to decide by September which team will get the $1 million grant, and the sequencing will probably take another year, although efforts currently under way could turn up the gene long before then.
The first women to benefit from screening will be those in high-risk families, in which several close relatives had breast cancer at a young age, before menopause.
Some mutations might confer a much higher cancer risk on women than others, and it will take time for scientists to sort out the many tangled skeins before a doctor can tell a woman walking in off the street what her odds of cancer may be.
``I didn't think they were ever going to get married,'' admitted Ida White, who joined King in secretive wedding preparations months before he proposed marriage.
The bride's late grandfather, James White Sr., worked at the Port of Albany and in a dye factory in Rensselaer before starting his own trash-hauling business, White Trucking & Rubbish.
The sudden appearance before the diplomatic community of the 52-year-old heir apparent capped a day in which North Korea began to return to normal after a frenzy of mourning over the weekend for its 82-year-old ``Great Leader,'' who had ruled the communist nation for nearly half a century until he died, apparently of a heart attack.
NATIONAL GUARD FIGHTS CRIME IN PUERTO RICO SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico  (BC-NATIONAL-GUARD-CRIMEFIGHTING-675(2takes)-NYT) On July 4 a year ago, just before dawn, 500 police officers and National Guard troops descended on Las Gladiolas housing project here, searching apartments, confiscating drugs and weapons, and making arrests.
``The services today -- Prodigy, Compuserve and America Online -- are like the Big Three television networks before Fox,'' said Michael Collins, a 26-year-old former advertising director for Spy magazine who is starting a service called Transom.
Barely 10 kilometers (6.2 miles) later, he had overhauled the rider who started two minutes before him, Lance Armstrong of the Motorola team.
Although there will probably be many challenges and surprises before then, Indurain answered the big question Monday.
``The services today -- Prodigy, Compuserve and America Online -- are like the Big Three television networks before Fox,'' said Michael Collins, a 26-year-old former advertising director for Spy magazine who is starting a service called Transom.
It traded at a record low of 4{ before recovering to 5, down 2}, in Nasdaq trading.
Again, Brazil will have to be alert for the long balls and crosses intended for the 6-foot-4-inch Andersson, a nobody before this tournament began, a vaulting threat on headers now, as Romania will forlornly attest.
But Roberts responds to him with cold readings, as if she hadn't read the day's script pages before director Shyer yelled ``Action!'' In a comedy that turns on nimble character construction and verbal gymnastics, she comes off as a sedentary cipher.
As for Roberts, it appears she got the message well before ``I Love Trouble'' came out.
``Who knows?'' said Heinbach, who has recommended buying the stocks of the Big Three since before the selloff began early this year.
Friends and law colleagues recall how Breyer jogged to work and had to be reminded by his secretary to change into a suit before taking his place on the bench.
We don't have trouble here.'' Gomez said: ``We just come to look for girls.'' He had met a girl with long, black hair the night before.
``It's just you and the ocean,'' he said before leaving, cutting short his reverie on the rapture of surfing.
The next five weeks, leading up to what Democratic leaders hope will be a vote on a health care law, will test Congress, the White House, the two parties and the masses of organized interest groups in ways they have never been tested before.
But the Senate Finance Committee's plan, slapped together on the final weekend before the Fourth of July recess, was a triumph for the incrementalists.
A person close to the team said before Sunday's game that the Germans were more worried about the heat and humidity at Giants Stadium than about the Bulgarians.
They cooled themselves from the summer heat with those old cardboard fans that once were a fixture in every church before air conditioning.
Taylor, a youngish man who worked 85 hours a week in department stores before opting for a religious vocation, this day preached in his shirtsleeves.
``Oh my, this is a dandy church,'' said Icie Hiatt, a spritely lady who was sitting in the back row before services.
There was talk about the church being absolutely packed the day before when Curt Kiger and Cori Noyd got married.
This was, after all, the photogenic young attorney set up by the president to be the scapegoat for the scandal who, instead, helped hang his boss by his own tapes in star testimony before the House Judiciary Committee.
``They call on me and I say, `I agree with Helmut.' '' Earlier, Clinton went out of his way to praise Kohl as they spoke before a news conference at the chancellory in Bonn, noting how ``we marvel at the leadership of Chancellor Kohl'' in leading the costly and dramatic campaign to reunite Germany.
Artificial insemination costs only about $300 per procedure, although it may have to be performed a number of times before pregnancy is achieved.
But while Kravchuk was a party bureaucrat and a secretary for ideology, Kuchma spent his life in industry, working as the missile factory's party organizer before rising to director, a job won through merit even in the Soviet Union.
Kravchuk got a big boost on Saturday, the day before the vote, when the major industrial democracies, meeting in Naples, approved $4 billion in aid to Ukraine, subject to progress on economic reform, and an initial $200 million to help Ukraine shut down the nuclear reactors at Chernobyl.
``Maybe before we were a little bit too pleased to be in the semifinals of the Europeans.
``Aladdin'' and ``Beauty and the Beast'' were released just before Christmas.
``We also tied in with the Ninja Turtles'' -- not from Disney -- ``in 1990, before the first movie.
It also touched a post-World War II low of 96.96 yen before edging back to 97.73 yen, its previous low, down from 98.10 on Friday.
His helicopter settled in a remote clearing in a place called Tiger Creek, and Mealey clambered up a slope where, shortly before the 1992 fire, the woods had been thinned of underbrush and then lightly burned by the Forest Service.
They recommend ``prescribed burns,'' allowing small fires to burn some dense, dry tinder before the undergrowth becomes fuel for larger, uncontrolled fires.
``A special interest state of politicians, bureaucrats and profiteers has emerged that operates on its own behalf, not for the people.'' It goes on to say that Hayden wants to hire someone who can work in ``identifying and investigating scandal, corruption and wrongdoing by the area's governmental agencies that harm the people ...'' The article, prepared well before the Simpson case developed, headlines the story ``Court Jester'' and notes that Garcetti ``has achieved in just over a year what it took In particular, the article criticizes Garcetti for assigning either friends within the office or less experienced prosecutors to high-profile cases.
Known for his explosive temper, Strom once refereed a game with his hand in a cast (he had broken a thumb slugging a critical fan the night before), and a national television audience was once left in suspense when the game broadcast ended as he charged over the scorers' table to grab the throat of a team official who had called him gutless for disallowing a buzzer basket.
For the deal to work, the spinoff must take place before Lilly's acquisition of McKesson is completed.
The dress was shown before his haute couture collection on the cover of W Magazine and was quickly copied by ABS, Item Ltd.
A month before the Versace boutique opened in Miami, ABS had short pink dresses fastened by gold safety pins in the window.
That, of course, was before ready-to-wear, when designers began making lower-priced versions of their couture ideas under their own labels, killing off sanctioned couture copying.
What is new in the game is the department store practice of getting the knockoffs in the stores before the designer label originals are.
Both Bloomingdale's and Saks had run advertisements featuring a dress that Ms. Karan had only moments before put on the runway.
Since many stores view and buy collections before runway presentations, the source for the knockoff seemed obvious.
While some lawmakers in Washington want to let the sanctions take effect before considering invading Haiti, many believe that if the exodus of boatpeople continues unabated it might cause the United States to launch an invasion.
To be fair, many food companies had displayed nutritional numbers well before the federal clampdown and besides, there's enough general information on health and diet these days to know that anything made or packaged in oil isn't exactly low-cal.
One ounce of brie, which before the regulations was normally not labeled, is 100 calories.
To be fair, many food companies had displayed nutritional numbers well before the federal clampdown and besides, there's enough general information on health and diet these days to know that anything made or packaged in oil isn't exactly low-cal.
One ounce of brie, which before the regulations was normally not labeled, is 100 calories.
In addition, 144 newt eggs fertilized before liftoff are stowed in a special aquarium.
Five of them had their gravity-sensing abilities altered through surgery before the launch.
A little more jaded than before, maybe, but they'll come back.'' You scoff now, but if you're one of those true fans, you know you'll be back.
But officials said they don't know how long it will be before the town is habitable.
``We had 17 pieces of heavy equipment, and we lost all but six.'' In Macon, where it is expected to be another week before water service is restored, Mayor Olmstead fears the flooding will batter the summer tourism business and hurt small businesses for years.
He had shaken down drug dealers, sold cocaine himself, shielded other dealers from arrest, and as he stood before Judge Kimba Wood in the federal court in Manhattan, Dowd pleaded for a lenient sentence.
He spoke of his son as ``a bright star on the horizon of life'' before joining the department and becoming addicted to cocaine and alcohol, or, as the father put it, ``the devil's curse of drugs,'' But the elder Dowd gave no sign that he knew of reports that the city's Probation Department had submitted to Judge Wood saying that the young police officer had grown up love-starved, developed an infantile personality incapable of accepting responsibility, had drunk himself into stupors at age 12 and started smoking marijuana a year later.
D'Arco, in interrogations by the FBI, said that he had never met Carey but that he had relayed instructions to him in telephone conversations held before 1971.
He later served as associate dean of the Georgetown Law Center before beginning his long tenure at Duke.
``They probably want more of the constitutional issues settled before they add Aung San Suu Kyi to the debate,'' a Western diplomat said.
``Khin Nyunt's neck is on the line over this meeting, and I'm sure he wants the agreement of most of his colleagues before he actually gets into a room with her.
They saw things they never saw before.'' Five of the players also learned something they might never have learned before.
Because they defied instructions to go to sleep at 10:30 the night before the championship game and instead were acting up boisterously at 1 a.m., Clemente suspended them and suffered a 10-inning 10-9 loss.
Although a joint bill was not negotiated before the legislative recess earlier this month, if the legislature reconvenes before the end of the year, sponsors say, approval is likely.
``They reflect back on the way they were at their age, or on their own kids.'' Earlier this year at a hearing before a commission appointed by Cuomo to evaluate the state's juvenile justice system, Michael A.
20 at the Daytona 500, the race generally considered the biggest stock car race in the world before the Brickyard 400 was announced.
But added awards expected before race day could push the Brickyard purse beyond $3 million, Walters said, making it the richest race on the Winston Cup tour.
Blanca Harrison, the bankruptcy court trustee who has charge of Ivan's fate for the moment, said Monday that an agreement to transfer Ivan's ownership will have to be revised before she'll sign a contract.
Ivan's owners, the family of the late B&I Shopping Center owner Earl Irwin, have expressed concern to Harrison that the agreement provides them no legal remedies in the event Zoo Atlanta fails to live up to conditions Harrison imposed before agreeing to the transfer.
The exam marked the beginning of a 90-day quarantine period required before his transfer to Atlanta.
If lawyers have the legal problems resolved before the quarantine ends, Ivan probably will keep his late September or early October date with Zoo Atlanta.
But Harrison warned that ongoing B&I interests would have to be spelled out before the transfer can proceed.
PHOENIX ACADEMY: SCHOOL IS ALTERNATIVE TO PRISON FOR DRUG OFFENDERS SHRUB OAK, N.Y.  (BC-DRUG-REHAB-SCHOOL-NYT) Dexter Frederick spent 14 months at Rikers Island awaiting his trial and sentencing for drug possession before he was given a choice: Serve his sentence or attend Phoenix Academy, a residential high school in the suburbs for young drug offenders and substance abusers.
Blame it on the 10 lousy days before the break, the 10 days that nudged the Yankees from quality to somewhat questionable.
It was a little before noon.
But I think doing well against the manager's team right before the All-Star break doesn't hurt.'' Fregosi irked: While Beck made the team because Rijo bowed out, Reds shortstop Barry Larkin also declined because of a sore elbow (replaced by Montreal's Wil Cordero) and the Phillies' elected starting outfielder Lenny Dykstra is unable to play because he is recovering from an appendectomy (he is replaced by Montreal's Marquis Grissom).
Dodgers executive vice president Fred Claire traded Fletcher to Philadelphia in September 1990 for left-handed pitcher Dennis Cook, who spent parts of two ineffective seasons with Los Angeles before moving on to the Indians and White Sox.
But I can already tell it's going to be like last year's -- over before I know it.'' Piazza's appearance in last year's midsummer classic in Baltimore might have been a pleasant surprise in the midst of his NL Rookie of the Year season, but no one is surprised to see him back for tonight's 65th All-Star Game.
I'm going to enjoy this one, whether I pitch or not, and then go on from there and get ready for my next start.'' In other words, Drabek will treat the All-Star Game like everything else that has gone before in his career.
In December, before interest rates started their sharp rise, the percentage stood at 43.0. Adjustable loans carry interest rates 2 to 3 percentage points less than fixed mortgages.
Lott, who appeared before Wilson during a brief hearing, said, ``I intend not to cooperate.'' Asked by Wilson whether Lott realized that his refusal to fight his appeal could hasten his execution, Lott replied, ``I figure that was a possibility.'' Lott has repeatedly asserted that the judicial system has conspired against him.
After serving an apprenticeship as a rookie reserve the year before, he was hoping to help bolster the Raiders offensive line.
Hobert spent part of last summer playing rookie ball in the Florida League for the Chicago White Sox before reporting to the Raiders camp.
Ball was excused from camp because he made a previous commitment before signing with the Raiders on June 20.
READ THESE LIPS: THE STONES ARE ON A ROLL AFTER ALL THESE YEARS  (BC-STONES-CD-TEX) The Rolling Stones have made their best record in more than a decade, which comes as quite a surprise (Who, at this late date, thought they had it in their moneyed old bones?) and no surprise at all: The Stones have always made a point of releasing great stuff just before a major tour -- remember, if you will, '72's ``Exile on Main St.,'' '78's ``Some Girls'' and '81's ``Tattoo You.'' And, despite having their status as the world's greatest (or oldest, or most dogged, or something) rock 'n' roll band virtually chiseled in stone and more money than they know what to do with, Mick Jagger and Keith Richards have something to prove -- actually, several somethings: -- One, that they can actually still cut it after five years between studio records and Bill Wyman's defection.
OPTIONAL ADD FOLLOWS.) Because scientists never before have seen a comet slam into a planet -- something that happens once every 1,000 years or so -- ``we don't really know what's going to happen,'' said Don Yeomans, a senior scientist at JPL, a National Aeronautics and Space Administration center managed by California Institute of Technology.
like a string of pearls'' whose fragments will stretch over 3 million miles of space before they start slamming into the largest planet in the solar system, Yeomans said.
Local restaurants put their menus on the Internet, so you can salivate in front of the screen before choosing a place to eat.
Raveling is comfortable with his West Coast lifestyle and admitted that, ``I kind of got to thinking about those winters in Iowa.'' Raveling coached at Iowa for three seasons before coming to USC.
And to get an idea how popular he is, rioting erupted in Florence when the versatile forward/midfielder left Fiorentina for Juventus before the 1990 World Cup.
But I think doing well against the manager's team right before the All-Star break doesn't hurt.'' Fregosi irked: While Beck made the team because Rijo bowed out, Reds shortstop Barry Larkin also declined because of a sore elbow (replaced by Montreal's Wil Cordero) and the Phillies' elected starting outfielder Lenny Dykstra is unable to play because he is recovering from an appendectomy (he is replaced by Montreal's Marquis Grissom).
Dodgers executive vice president Fred Claire traded Fletcher to Philadelphia in September 1990 for left-handed pitcher Dennis Cook, who spent parts of two ineffective seasons with Los Angeles before moving on to the Indians and White Sox.
``Tough luck, I guess,'' Piazza said as he hurriedly dressed and left the stadium before the contest was even over.
I knew it wouldn't be too long before he'd be up here for good.'' Not since Robin Yount broke in with Milwaukee in 1974 has a player been so good so young.
Griffey played only 17 games at the Class A level before he was promoted following spring training in 1989, and the Griffeys instantly made history as the first father-son combination to play simultaneously in the major leagues.
He had 20 homers before the end of May.
He hit No. 30 off the Angels' Brian Anderson 10 days before the end of June, snapping Babe Ruth's 66-year record for most homers before June 30.
The legendary Bell, a Negro League star who was inducted into the Hall of Fame, was said to be so fast, the story went, he could turn out the light and jump in bed before the room got dark.
``We plan to go to the final, but we don't feel that we are champions yet,'' said Dunga, who assumed Brazil's captaincy before a second-round victory over the United States on Independence Day and will be counted on to organize his teammates against the Swedes.
``We had no problems before,'' Jorginho said.
``If we had to play basketball against the U.S.A, we would be going home much sooner,'' said Jorginho, who along with about 20 teammates crammed into a Detroit gym before the first Sweden match when rain canceled a practice session.
Sweden won't be able to play a defensive game as they did before.'' 
JUST SOME MISGUIDED CRITICS LOS ANGELES  (BC-COLUMN-SONDHEIMER-LADN) J.R. Henderson, a 6-foot-8 freshman who enters UCLA this fall as one of its most talented basketball recruits in years, was on the court for a mere five seconds last Friday night before he got pushed to the ground.
Fehr, you figure, sniffs wine corks and swirls his brandy before sipping.
No, Fehr said, of course the players don't want to strike, not with such a glorious season spinning its spell before our very eyes.
Local restaurants put their menus on the Internet, so you can salivate in front of the screen before choosing a place to eat.
How long before he claims that Russia's economy is fit enough to warrant his presence at the economic sessions too?
So far, fewer than 50 firms have gone bust and not a single mine has been closed, but before long unemployment will confront tens of thousands of workers.
How long before he claims that Russia's economy is fit enough to warrant his presence at the economic sessions too?
So far, fewer than 50 firms have gone bust and not a single mine has been closed, but before long unemployment will confront tens of thousands of workers.
Local restaurants put their menus on the Internet, so you can salivate in front of the screen before choosing a place to eat.
Taken together, the correspondence and recent conversations with Mary Fisher represent a journey back through time, before ubiquitous TV and radio and interstate highways and call-waiting and plastic- wrapped everything and a Grand Canyon crawling with wall-to-wall people.
He was critical of Yarborough for allowing the rumor of his replacement to sweep the garage area before talking with him.
``When we talk about the history of St. Edward's, we talk about BP and AP -- before Pat and after Pat,'' said Robin Eanes, director of the university's Center for Teaching Excellence.
I just want what's right for a person who was drafted in the first round.'' When Carver was drafted, he admitted he would have to gain weight before his rookie season.
``The coaches want me to reach 255 before the season.
The Indians ate them way before we all came here.'' But they have not been as abundant historically as now.
Scott Vadnais, public affairs officer at Wright-Patterson, confirmed Kinney's firm had a five-year contract worth $7.6 million for the Aeronautical Systems Division to service small computers ``anywhere on the base.'' Vadnais said, however, that computers containing classified information were ``sanitized'' before they were serviced.
Sweigert says Kinney, 46, grew up in Norfolk, Va., and joined the U.S. Navy before becoming a police officer in San Diego in 1969.
We try to give people what they want, not sell them something that they don't want.'' Most of his sales staff had no experience selling cars before they went to work for him.
B.J. Wynn of Cumming says she visited eight Atlanta area dealerships before going to Jasper to buy her son a Wrangler.
Biologists will conduct more tests before considering a full-fledged control effort at Cape Lookout and Cumberland Island.
Biologists will conduct more tests before considering a full-fledged control effort at Cape Lookout and Cumberland Island.
28 the park opens at 9 a.m.) and Meg ran straight to Mr. MacIntosh's Fruit Store in the Sesame Neighborhood where she made a big production of selecting and weighing the fake fruit before tumbling out and climbing on the fire engine outside Sesame Street Engine House No. 1.
If an investigation is undertaken, she said it could be months before its outcome is made public.
By providing housing at state expense, she said ``you avoid the problem of having to rely on private sources which have business before the governor and the Legislature.
If an investigation is undertaken, she said it could be months before its outcome is made public.
By providing housing at state expense, she said ``you avoid the problem of having to rely on private sources which have business before the governor and the Legislature.
``There is nothing more important to me than my reputation for integrity and impartiality,'' Breyer said in his opening remarks at the start of his confirmation hearings before the 18-member Senate Judiciary Committee.
If we did not before feel the presence of these former inhabitants, we do now.
I visit a few of the shops and marvel at the dichotomy inside: Here we are in an adobe structure that was here 500 years before Columbus and there is peeling linoleum on the dirt floor.
SAN ILDEFONSO I see Black Mesa, a flat-topped mountain that truly is black, before I reach the turnoff to the Pueblo of San Ildefonso.
And if, before the November elections, he is able to steer a broad health care reform plan through a divided Congress, the second half of his term will begin on a note of accomplishment.
``Hillary Clinton graduated from Wellesley two years before I graduated from Mount Holyoke.
Then he took it out and gave it a test ride before handing it over to me.
These will be listed just after the nonstops in the early part of the computer display and before the ``connections'' listings.
Or, they are programmers for hire, working with a company for a brief period of time before moving on to the next project.
``As they get out of school, their needs are going to grow and change.'' What this means is that parents should start teaching their kids about credit, preferably before they get inundated with card offers.
Another third get credit cards before they enter college, she says.
``We agree with credit card issuers that it's a great way to build a credit history.'' What she and some parents object to is dangling tantalizing credit card offers before students without teaching them about credit and how to use it responsibly.
	More important, this restrained response to Kim's death would probably have been quite different if it had taken place just a few weeks earlier, before he surprised his onetime foes by suddenly taking a conciliatory line in relations with South Korea and the United States.
``The script was like nothing I've ever read before,'' Zemeckis said in an interview.
``He just killed me, blew my head off,'' said the Motorola rider, who left two minutes before Indurain in the race against the clock and was passed after 10 of the 40 miles.
	In his first day of testimony before the committee that is considering his nomination to the Supreme Court, Breyer said he had reviewed his rulings on eight pollution cases while a federal appeals court judge and was confident that his participation in them did not violate any laws or judicial ethics guidelines.
``The script was like nothing I've ever read before,'' Zemeckis said in an interview.
But before people switch from the product they rely on for pain relief, they should know more about the relative benefits and risks of the various choices, as well as their price tags.
Buffering curbs the gastric effects somewhat and enteric-coating, which enables aspirin to pass through the stomach before it dissolves, counters this side effect much better.
At a hearing before the a House Post Office and Civil Service subcommittee, Rep.
Those parents would be required to set up a court-ordered repayment plan before getting a job or a check from the federal government.
``At that level I'm competing with others who have B.A. degrees and they're not people who necessarily have more disadvantaged backgrounds than I have.'' The case, argued last month before Judge Sam Sparks in U.S. District Court in Austin, offered an unusually candid look at the admissions process used by a major law school, a process normally shrouded in secrecy.
Every black applicant that had her credentials got a $7,000 scholarship and free tuition.'' A law school memo entered into evidence by plaintiffs' lawyers showed that in 1992, the year Ms. Hopwood applied, the law school rejected 668 white candidates before it rejected a single black candidate.
The president is slated to return to Southwest Regional Airport near Albany to discuss emergency relief efforts with state, federal and local officials before departing for Washington at about 4 p.m. Gov.
He will then visit a flood relief site in the Albany area before departing for Washington at about 4:40 p.m. Gov.
Every Thursday, they are here from 9:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. The tianguis is a Mexican tradition that spans more than four centuries, dating to before the Spanish Conquest.
He then will make a statement about the meeting's results and visit a flood relief site in the Albany area before departing for Washington at about 4:40 p.m. Gov.
Today, as the O.J. Simpson case has made clearer than ever before, we even have the right to watch from the comfort of our living rooms.
Most shameless is Tony Danza's Mel Clark, a disabled pitcher whose ruined arm is divinely repaired just before it's too late.
At tony Metro on the North Side; at Lincoln Park's sweaty but friendly Lounge Ax; at upstart Thurston's and over in hip Wicker Park, at clubs like the Czar Bar and the Empty Bottle, young people are coming out like never before.
There aren't many places where local bands can hone their music before live audiences.
To be fair, many food companies had displayed nutritional numbers well before the federal clampdown and besides, there's enough general information on health and diet these days to know that anything made or packaged in oil isn't exactly low-cal.
One ounce of brie, which before the regulations was normally not labeled, is 100 calories.
To be fair, many food companies had displayed nutritional numbers well before the federal clampdown and besides, there's enough general information on health and diet these days to know that anything made or packaged in oil isn't exactly low-cal.
One ounce of brie, which before the regulations was normally not labeled, is 100 calories.
The Colorado measure is before that state's Supreme Court after a lower court ruled it unconstitutional.
The Defense Department is closing unneeded military bases and must remove chemicals and other types of contamination before the land can be turned over for civilian use.
The meeting ended over the weekend, but not before the foreign educators lamented problems that, to hard-pressed U.S. representatives, sounded reassuringly familiar: Students need to achieve at higher levels.
Approximate nutritional analysis per serving: 385 calories, 3 grams fat, 105 milligrams cholesterol, 185 milligrams sodium (before salting), 40 grams protein, 50 grams carbohydrate.
``We have got to bring an end to this,'' Clinton said during a news conference in Berlin before flying home to Washington, D.C. According to a Pentagon scenario, a military operation in Haiti would open with Marines helicoptering ashore at night, seizing the nation's two major airports and quickly evacuating the resident Americans.
The EU may consider Atlas before it takes up the deal involving Sprint.
CLIBURN BACK HOME AFTER BRIEF ILLNESS LOS ANGELES  (BC-CLIBURN-ILL-LADN) Van Cliburn returned to his Texas home Tuesday to celebrate his 60th birthday after becoming ill at the Hollywood Bowl the night before -- the first stop on his 17-city tour.
``He was in good spirits before (the concert), in very good spirits.'' Philharmonic members returned to their seats after the break, only to wait 20 minutes for Cliburn to appear.
At one point, the show seemed in a state of disarray -- a harried man began to distribute sheet music before he suddenly was beckoned backstage.
Cliburn will play in Dallas on Friday, before moving on to perform concerts in Texas, Colorado, New York, Massachusetts and Michigan.
``Too much experience.'' Ms. Sarandon explains: ``She had a magic wand, and both times before I knew I was pregnant, she waved it over me and wished for them.
``Depends what I'm worried about.'' Less than two weeks before New York Stage and Film leaves Manhattan for its 10th-anniversary season, set designs are nearly done, directors are firm, casting is in the home stretch.
``It's kind of unusual,'' he admitted before last night's game at Three Rivers Stadium.
Like the Hall of Famers who passed before such players, their presence fits such events as snugly as a favorite pair of slippers.
He carries himself not like a narcissistic rock star, but with a methodical, almost professorial earnestness, thinking carefully before he speaks.
``There is nothing more important to me than my integrity and my reputation for impartiality,'' Breyer said in his opening remarks before the 18-member Senate Judiciary Committee.
Wade decision legalizing abortion has been a precedent for 21 years and was reaffirmed by the high court in 1992, he noted, adding: ``That is the law.'' He declined to state his views on how far states may go in regulating abortion rights, telling senators the subject is likely to come before the court again.
The movie takes place before this season's divisional realignment -- back when a losing record was not enough to secure a berth in post-season play -- so the team's two biggest fans appeal to the Big Angel in the Sky for divine intervention.
No one involved with ``Angels in the Outfield'' can remember a woman writing a baseball movie before, but Sloan was undeterred.
Her skull had separated from her body before it was discovered, but what was left of her flesh was still firm and fresh when her body was dug up.
Arafat said before leaving Cairo that he planned to focus on rebuilding the decaying roads and utilities in Gaza.
Then, as an honor guard rolled the red and blue brigade flag around its staff and thrust it into its long case, Clinton reached out to hold it for a moment before handing it over to the unit's command sergeant major.
Others fled before the Bosnian government ordered mandatory mobilization.
``All things are possible.'' Clinton then translated the two sentences into German before loudly declaring: ```Berlin ist frei' -- Berlin is free.'' Clinton began his remarks by addressing ``Berliners the world over,'' an evocation of John F.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) After Clinton spoke and before the Berlin Brigade ceremony, he visited a 19th-century synagogue that is being rebuilt as a Jewish community center.
The German brigade in Somalia pulled out last March, before the United States did, but Kinkel said the government would promptly seek parliamentary approval of German participation in the continuing operations by NATO and the Western European Union, the European Union's military arm, over the Balkans and in the Adriatic Sea.
``The Constitution obliges the federal government to seek enabling agreement by the German Bundestag, as a rule in advance, before committing the armed forces to action,'' the court ruled, and Kohl's government had violated it by going ahead in Somalia, in the Adriatic, and over Bosnia without obtaining approval.
FEELS SO GOOOOOOOD TO YELL `GOOOOOOOL' LOS ANGELES  (BC-ROSENTHAL-COLUMN-LADN) Thoughts thought while thinking that if Van Cliburn is going to hit folks up for $250 a ticket to hear him play piano, he had better be near death before he even thinks of cutting short his program: First, she was Roseanne Barr.
``We really need to see some implementation before we start handing out money.'' The International Monetary Fund is still waiting for fiscal stability, a unified exchange rate, budgetary discipline and the removal of export quotas before providing an authorized $700 million in credits, while the World Bank has $500 million in loans in abeyance.
More important, this restrained response would probably have been quite different if Kim had died just a few weeks earlier, before he suddenly took a conciliatory line in relations with South Korea and the United States.
The fish that hatched Tuesday came from one of the 340 eggs fertilized three to four days before Columbia's launch on Friday.
The newt that hatched was from one of 144 eggs fertilized before the mission began.
It was also Romario who called a news conference before the World Cup to announce that he would not sit next to Bebeto on the team's flight to California.
Citing figures from A.C. Nielsen Co., the company said Tuesday that the retail share for Marlboro Cigarettes reached 28.5 percent, an increase of 6.5 points from March 1993, before the company began its Marlboro price cuts.
He cannot succeed by discarding the traditional way the NAACP functions.'' That sentiment was shared by Julian Bond, who was a young leader of the civil rights movement in the 1960s before becoming a Georgia state legislator.
Even before the invention of the electronic spreadsheet, these machines quickly became useful for business applications like word processing and database retrieval, and by the early 1980s Digital Research's yearly revenues were $5 million.
 (BC-HOMEOWNER-2NDTAKE-SFCHRON) Despite laws requiring buyers to sign covenants before closing, Bass said many buyers do not read the documents thoroughly enough.
On a recent day in Jupiter at the factory of the leading undersea robot maker, Perry Tritech Inc., a top-of-the line Triton machine was undergoing final tests before being shipped to Asia for a partnership including Amoco and Chinese national oil company.
On a recent day in Jupiter at the factory of the leading undersea robot maker, Perry Tritech Inc., a top-of-the line Triton machine was undergoing final tests before being shipped to Asia for a partnership including Amoco and Chinese national oil company.
More than 20,000 Haitians have fled since the administration announced on May 8 that it would begin to grant hearings to Haitian boat people before returning them to Haiti.
The worldwide total fell to 47,576 last year from 49,245 in 1992, and there were 6,200 cuts the year before.
Authorities in Morris County said Tuesday that Abequa had fled the country even before they issued a warrant for his arrest, taking his two children, Lisa, 6, and Sami, 3, on an international journey that hopscotched through four countries.
But even before the search began, Murphy said, Abequa and his children had fled, beginning with a flight about 8 p.m. on Tuesday from Nashville to London, and from there to Amsterdam and on to Amman.
The prosecutor said Abequa had bought the tickets from American Airlines Sunday night, apparently shortly before or shortly after his wife was killed.
Abequa was slain and Abequa fled with the children just days before they were to have appeared in family court here under a divorce proceeding Mrs.
In the second round, they came within a minute of losing, 1-0, to Nigeria, before Roberto Baggio scored to tie it, then looped a brilliant pass to Antonio Benarrivo that led to a penalty kick that won the game in overtime.
``It is intended to protect our traditional rights and uses of the area.'' The vote provided a victory for the rifle association, which recently lost two major votes with House passage of a ban on assault weapons and the signing into law of the bill mandating a waiting period before the purchase of a handgun.
This performance for the finished goods Producer Price Index -- items ready for sale to the final user -- was markedly better than most analysts had expected and seemed to provide the Federal Reserve more leeway to hold back on raising interest rates before what most still believe will be another rise in rates by mid-August.
After hearing Tysoe out, Vance asked the senior creditors, who have been prepared for more than a month to file a motion to cut Macy's exclusivity short, to wait at least 24 hours more before making a filing.
Marcio Guedes, a Brazilian journalist, had seen all of this before, of course, so there was nothing particularly remarkable to him about the mob scene at the team's headquarters Tuesday morning as Brazil got ready for today's World Cup semifinal against Sweden at 6:35 p.m. at the Rose Bowl.
``I felt (before the tournament) that we had definite possibilities for winning,'' he said.
At a hearing before the House Banking Committee on Wednesday morning, Treasury officials will lay out the anti-counterfeiting features they are considering.
``The state must not compound it by providing an inferior education.'' Spending parity need not be achieved before the 1997-98 school year, but if steady progress toward that goal did not continue, the court would intervene, it said.
Congressional leaders said Tuesday they will search for the votes needed to approve health care legislation in both chambers during the next five weeks, before Congress takes a break at the end of August.
The majority leader must blend two very different bills approved before the July 4 recess by the Finance Committee and the Labor and Human Resources Committee.
Sam Gibbons, D-Fla., acting chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, responded, ``Oh, hell no.'' But Gibbons said the leadership intended to get a bill passed before leaving for summer vacation.
There were meetings and telephone conversations intended to make clear to the committee chairmen, as gently as possible, that their bills would have to undergo changes before the full House and Senate voted on them.
The Senate majority leader, George Mitchell of Maine, assured his Democratic colleagues at lunch that he wanted all their views before he went forward.
Amy, at 23, is debating how long she can wait before having a prophylactic mastectomy in hopes of avoiding breast cancer.
Amy, at 23, is debating how long she can wait before having a prophylactic mastectomy in hopes of avoiding breast cancer.
Amy, at 23, is debating how long she can wait before having a prophylactic mastectomy in hopes of avoiding breast cancer.
In his first day of testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee, which is considering his nomination, Breyer said he was confident that his participation in eight pollution cases as a federal appeals court judge violated no laws or judicial ethics guidelines.
He refused, however, to discuss details of how he would interpret specific cases involving those issues that might come before the Court.
Breyer showed his eagerness to address critics when he included the remarks about his Lloyd's investment in a quickly-added postscript to his prepared opening statement -- before anyone even asked him about it.
In the health proposals before Congress, public funds would subsidize the insurance of poor people, and thus abortion coverage for them.
After hearing Tysoe out, Vance asked the senior creditors, who have been prepared for more than a month to file a motion to cut Macy's exclusivity short, to wait at least 24 hours more before making a filing.
Leon Panetta, the outgoing director of the Office of Management and Budget and the new White House chief of staff, said at a White House news conference on the budget, before Moynihan's speech, that administration officials would hold talks throughout the week with congressional Democrats and Republicans.
``I can't give you a firm date as to when all of this is going to be nailed down, other than to say that we're making good progress on it and our hope is that we can get GATT adopted by the Congress before the August break,'' he said.
By this time, I had surrendered all naive ambition of seeing a score and was modestly hoping to witness a shot sometime before the picture tube failed.
It never seemed possible before, but perhaps our own football, a far more violent game, could be played on grass.
Hope you get to the airport before the lynch mob catches up with you.
He was still the cautious nominee, however, keeping most answers at a level of generality that guarded against expressing a view on issues that might come before the court.
Asked whether statistics could appropriately be used to attack the death penalty as racially discriminatory -- a subject of heated dispute in the crime bill now before Congress -- Breyer said: ``There are statistics and there are statistics.
Breyer was also well-schooled in the deferential tone expected of nominees who come before Senate committees -- even this nominee who once served as chief counsel of this very committee, and who within minutes of taking his seat this morning heard himself praised for everything from his academic accomplishments and foreign language skills to his interest in cooking and bird-watching.
Even before Metzenbaum, an Ohio Democrat, began his questioning, Breyer described antitrust law as ``the policeman of the free enterprise system'' with the primary mission of protecting consumers.
He had been there the day before, and the day before that, but the wins were still smooth, dreamy pleasures.
The plan, which would cost tens of millions of dollars, still faces regulatory and legislative hurdles that could take years to clear before construction could begin.
Poor performance in 1990 prompted investors to flee and assets dropped by about a billion before climbing to their current level.
Before Branford Marsalis joined the ``Tonight'' show as a bandleader two years ago, before he started accepting bit parts in Hollywood movies seven years ago, before he joined Sting's band nine years ago, he was regarded as a prime mover in the jazz renaissance.
Monday night, before a crowd of 14,035 at the Hollywood Bowl, Cliburn cut short the official opening concert of his tour after suffering a dizzy spell midway through a strenuous program that included his signature piece, Tchaikovsky's First Piano Concerto.
All through the Tchaikovsky it was like hanging on a bridge,'' he said before returning to Fort Worth on Tuesday evening.
Amy, at 23, is debating how long she can wait before having a prophylactic mastectomy in hopes of avoiding breast cancer.
Amy, at 23, is debating how long she can wait before having a prophylactic mastectomy in hopes of avoiding breast cancer.
Amy, at 23, is debating how long she can wait before having a prophylactic mastectomy in hopes of avoiding breast cancer.
He often shows up at games wearing a white cowboy hat to join crowds in bemoaning the team's record (13-69 last season, actually an improvement from the year before).
Testifying before the committee that once employed him as counsel, Breyer basked in bipartisan praise.
While stating his receptivity to allowing cameras in court, he said he would ``listen to other members of the court and try to understand their points of view'' before making a firm recommendation.
Moving immediately -- before anyone asked -- to deflect a potential stumbling block, Breyer added the announcement about his financial holdings to the end of his opening statement.
He said he would get rid of his Lloyds of London investments, because ``this question has been asked by people of good faith, and there is nothing more important to me than my integrity and my reputation for impartiality.'' The issue is whether Breyer should have declined to consider environmental cases that came before the appeals court that could have affected the liability of the insurance holdings in Lloyds of London.
``I personally am confident that my sitting in those cases did not present any conflict of interest,'' he said, noting that his investment was disclosed to the public, and Lloyds was not a party in any cases before him.
1 IN 5 DROPOUT RATE LOWEST EVER IN TEXAS, EDUCATION COMMISSIONER SAYS AUSTIN, Texas  (BC-DROPOUTS-TEX) Even though nearly one in five Texas students quits school before graduating, the state's dropout rate is the lowest it has ever been, Education Commissioner Lionel ``Skip'' Meno said Tuesday.
If Oates comes to the 49ers, he would play center and Jesse Sapolu would move to guard, a position he played earlier in his career, before Randy Cross retired.
Christie Whitman would have to face up to the state's painful struggle over school finances before she faces the voters again.
Known only to the true soccer aficionados in the United States before the World Cup began, Stoitchkov has become one of the biggest stories of the tournament, leading his small country to an unlikely semifinal appearance against Italy today at Giants Stadium in East Rutherford, N.J. Stoitchkov, a $2 million-a-year player for powerful FC Barcelona of the Spanish league, scored 30 goals last year, led his team to a fourth consecutive league championship and was runnerup to Italy's Roberto Baggio for European player-of-the-year honors.
Northrop Grumman is in the midst of cutting 4,500 jobs that Northrop and Grumman had planned before their merger.
Northrop Grumman is in the midst of cutting 4,500 jobs that Northrop and Grumman had planned before their merger.
They also have confidence, being the only team to lead Brazil in this tournament before settling for a 1-1 tie in Group B play June 28 at the Pontiac (Mich.) Silverdome.
``The circumstances are different,'' said Swedish coach Tommy Svensson, alluding to the fact that both teams had already clinched second-round berths before the first match.
Brazil got their shots, but nobody has come that close to shutting them down before or since.
``It's kind of unusual,'' he admitted before going 1 for 3 and just missing a home run off Randy Johnson in Tuesday night's game at Three Rivers Stadium.
He is the player who opens the show each April with the back flip he did before Tuesday night's game and who routinely brings down the curtain with plays that would make Baryshnikov proud.
Like the Hall of Famers who passed before such players, their presence fits such events as snugly as a favorite pair of slippers.
``Unless this is not enough for us and we request additional investigation, we'll announce it before Friday.'' Prosecutors Marcia Clark and William Hodgman, who are assigned to the Simpson case, will review police reports, witness statements and follow-up investigative reports prepared on the incident.
The American League scored first in the first and only scheduled nationally televised game before the World Series, if there is a World Series.
In scoring the run, the Nationals basically followed the pattern described before the game by Jeff Bagwell of Houston.
These teams have crossed paths before in this tournament, meeting in the final game of the first round on June 28 and playing to a 1-1 tie in the Pontiac, Mich., Silverdome.
Then he was struck out again by Baltimore's Mike Mussina in the fifth, before lining to center in the eighth off Chicago's Wilson Alvarez, making him 0 for 3.
But he had shown his competitive nature a few innings before, on the first-inning sacrifice fly, grumbling in animated fashion when it was caught on the warning track by Minnesota's Kirby Puckett in right.
He had nothing to do with this fire or any other fire.'' About a month before the blaze, the Methodist church in Winthrop bought 10 acres for about $160,000 about five miles east of town, and plans were being made to build a new $500,000 church.
``It's ironic, because he (Hutchins) had moved some of his most valuable belongings to the church shortly before the fire,'' Wagner said.
Giants executive vice president Larry Baer was at CBS in New York before he came here, and if there had been any more baseball available he'd have had to hire someone to watch some of it for him.
The system was pitched to the United States team before the World Cup tournament began.
Penetration -- the last time your team had the ball before it changed hands or there was a shot.'' The program includes a game clock, so if a team wishes, it can break out any of these factors for just the first five minutes of a match.
Valderrama made the last pass before a shot on goal an average of 17 times per game.
The Stars -- both new and not-so-new -- shone bright last night, but the presence of acting-commissioner Bud Selig and Players Association director Don Fehr on the sidelines before the game, each endlessly sharing their own perspectives on the threatening labor situation, cast a pall over the festivities.
The throw beat Gwynn, but Pudge, who played the entire game and had two hits, failed to drop a leg to block the plate -- it is one of his few defensive weaknesses -- and the sliding Gwynn was able to get his foot between Rodriguez's legs before he could apply the tag.
The senior circuit won before 59,568 spectators at Three Rivers Stadium, and, for at least one year, grabbed major-league bragging rights.
That one took 13 innings before the NL won, 2-0.
He would have been out, but Rodriguez left a small gap between his shin guards, and Gwynn's foot touched the plate before the catcher's tag.
The entertainment started when shortstop Ozzie Smith did a couple of his trademark flips on the infield while his National League teammates waited in the dugout before joining him.
Smith got the count to a ball and two strikes before McGriff connected.
If you don't get him, get ready for Thursday and play the Marlins.'' Having insured at least one more inning before he could think of the resumption of the regular season, McGriff watched Gwynn and Alou do their part in the 10th.
``Crime Dog got us,'' said Griffey after the Nationals pulled out an exciting 8-7 win in the 10th inning before 59,568 fans at Three Rivers Stadium, the largest baseball crowd in Pittsburgh history.
The end came a few minutes before midnight when Montreal outfielder Moises Alou doubled home Tony Gwynn from first base with none out off loser Jason Bere of the Chicago White Sox.
``I've faced him before but don't remember having much success against him, nothing special.'' Now he has something to remember because the home run made him the game's MVP.
Shula is 64 and in the final year of his contract; Johnson (who coached at the University of Miami before going to Dallas) has talked of returning to coaching in 1995.
In 1992, he was entering the final year of a three-year deal, and asked for and received a two-year extension before the season started.
Kirby Puckett then singled home Carter to tie the game 4-4, before Astros reliever John Hudek entered to strike out Cal Ripken Jr. and end the inning.
Piazza thought Fregosi was joking, until it was the ninth inning before he was replaced by Montreal catcher Darrin Fletcher.
It was nice to see Clark's perfect swing on the national stage, right there for all to see, reconfirming the fact that early in the '93 season, when they had a chance to lock up Clark before free agentry, the Giants made one of the worst judgment calls in the history of baseball.
``The achievement of car phones is that your morning can now be ruined even before you get to the office,'' Nick observes.
The ``talk before sleep'' of the title is the talk best women friends share -- the sometimes funny, sometimes painful, sometimes brutally honest talk they don't share with their husbands or children.
They have an excuse to do and say things they would not otherwise do and say, because this is their last chance to do it together, before one of them leaves forever.
For safety's sake, all of the dogs were recalled before they all had a chance to kill sheep.
If the same breeding had been repeated before the truth was known, more puppies would have been born with the genetic tendency to attack sheep.
It was months, however, before anyone noticed the unfolding drama.
Biologists will conduct more tests before considering a full-fledged control effort at Cape Lookout and Cumberland Island.
Biologists will conduct more tests before considering a full-fledged control effort at Cape Lookout and Cumberland Island.
The second fragment of the comet will hit Jupiter at about 7:54 p.m. Saturday, about 40 minutes before sunset; the third will fall a few hours later, around midnight.
``It's something I'm very, very sensitive to,'' he said in his second day of confirmation hearings before the Senate Judiciary Committee.
These issues might still come before the high court, he explained.
``We have got to bring an end to this,'' Clinton said during a news conference in Berlin before flying home to Washington, D.C. According to a Pentagon scenario, a military operation in Haiti would open with Marines helicoptering ashore at night, seizing the nation's two major airports and quickly evacuating the resident Americans.
The rationale she offered in handing down her ruling sounded like an instant replay of prosecutor Marcia Clark's preposterous closing argument the day before, but the real rationale was obvious: Who wants to be the judge who suppresses incriminating evidence in the most sensational murder case of our time?
There is, first of all, the setting to consider, which the audience does before the performance begins.
The date of the dedication is uncertain and Harder said it probably won't come before September.
Stop the Violence and Tsutakawa searched downtown, the waterfront, malls and schools before finding the new park built over the freeway.
Monteux's 1951 Boston Symphony version of Stravinsky's ``Sacre du Printemps,'' coupled here with his 1959 stereo account of Stravinsky's ``Petrouchka,'' surpass even the composer's superlative interpretations; Monteux led the world premieres of both scores, when he was chief conductor for Diaghilev before World War I.
Still, there are some unusual and intelligently chosen things here, including three performances never before released in any format (among them a Richard Strauss ``Heldenleben'') and 10 more that had never been transferred from 78's to LP's.
``And the consensus is that Salinas and everyone in his administration should be ashamed.'' In 1987, a year before President Carlos Salinas de Gortari took office, Forbes could find only one billionaire in Mexico, despite what the magazine calls its ``fairly intensive research'' efforts.
``And the consensus is that Salinas and everyone in his administration should be ashamed.'' In 1987, a year before President Carlos Salinas de Gortari took office, Forbes could find only one billionaire in Mexico, despite what the magazine calls its ``fairly intensive research'' efforts.
She would wear tights even though you'd expect her to wear clothes that were easier to put on.'' The ready wit of both Diana and her husband, Deric (played by Jim Broadbent), ``kept them going and off the awfulness, the futility of the day.'' (Coaching her mother-in-law in how to make a phone call, Ms. Walters's Diana advises her to pick up the receiver before dialing.) The actress has had firsthand experience with illness's toll.
They do that before driving the nails near the ends of boards or into brittle wood.
At tony Metro on the North Side; at Lincoln Park's sweaty but friendly Lounge Ax; at upstart Thurston's and over in hip Wicker Park, at clubs like the Czar Bar and the Empty Bottle, young people are coming out like never before.
There aren't many places where local bands can hone their music before live audiences.
``My taxpayers in Arizona are paying for that, and they're not receiving any benefit for it that I know of whatsoever,'' McCain complained to Mayor Bill Campbell of Atlanta, who was testifying before a Senate subcommittee on the economic benefits of international tourism.
HASH-BROWN CASSEROLE Serves 8-10 1 (2-pound) package frozen hash brown potatoes, thawed 2 cups sour cream 1 can cream of chicken soup 2 cups grated American cheese 2 tablespoons chopped onion 1 teaspoon salt 1/2 cup melted butter Pepper to taste 2 cups crushed cornflakes 1/2 cup melted butter The day before serving, combine first 8 ingredients.
We'll intercept him before he reaches the theater and make a copy for backstage.'' Ms. Shepherd is thrown by this.
A few days ago, I babbled the whole thing to a friend before remembering that he's an editor of a competing metropolitan daily newspaper, so I quickly made him promise not to run it before I got around to writing it up myself, but you never know.
That 40-1 shot at the start of the tournament noted mostly for reaching five World Cups before this one without having ever won a game?
	HONG KONG (NYT) -- At times battered by ferocious criticism from Beijing, and at times ignored, the governor of Hong Kong vigorously defended his program of local democratization Wednesday and lashed out at the Chinese government for undermining confidence in the colony in the three years before Britain surrenders sovereignty.
	The writer, Alaa Hamed, had served as an employee at the tax authority for 35 years before the state administration court ruled that he should be fired for his book Al-Firash, The Bed, which is still in draft form.
``The best part of it for me was to call up Robin and Patty, who'd never been signed with a label before,'' Hickman said.
Even at its most thrilling, ``True Lies'' is only good enough to make one long for the superior mayhem the big Austrian dished out before his passage into the Hollywood elite.
Judge Breyer has said nothing to dislodge this image during his two days of testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee.
	At a hearing before the House Committee on Banking, the department announced changes in United States currency aimed at preventing high-tech counterfeiting.
Thursday night's HBO shows were taped before largely gay audiences, and the material is given some insider spins, but all audiences -- well, most audiences -- should come away with a few insights and a lot of laughs.
``The movie was geared more toward adults, in my estimation,'' said David McCullagh, 32, of Pleasantville, N.Y., who saw ``The Lion King'' with his wife, Lisa, 31, and their daughter, Kelly Anne, 2, who knew so much about the movie through its advance marketing that she insisted on ``Lion King'' birthday party invitations even before seeing the film.
``I'm not thinking about it here at the All-Star Game,'' said Lofton just hours before making his debut on behalf of his league Tuesday night.
``A year ago, I was selected as the chief executive of the year for my vision, my brilliance, my leadership and my genius,'' he said, pausing briefly before adding, ``for acquiring a brokerage firm called Kidder, Peabody eight years ago.
But the public has benefited greatly from research conducted in the space program before, between and after those flights, he said.
``Those were days before the fire marshal discovered Harbourfront.
Gatenby recalled that after the reading, Miller told him about the thrill of feeling the electricity hitting the stage when thousands in an audience are applauding: ``Miller told me, `I will always be grateful to you because I've worked all my life in the theater and I've heard actors talk about the wall of noise on Broadway, but I'd never experienced it before I walked out on that stage tonight.' '' Gatenby, educated at Glendon College in Toronto because he wanted to study with a young professor named Michael Ondaatje, a recent Booker Prize winner for ``The English Patient,'' continues to plan new spectaculars.
He was employed by the Bank of New York before World War II, when he served in the Army in Europe and reached the rank of colonel.
He worked for the Central Intelligence Agency for a year before he joined the State Department in 1948.
``I think a basic compromise needs to be laid before the American people sometime in July so the nation can look at it.'' Cooper says he hopes to bring a centrist package to the floor that is similar to his original bill and that approved by the Senate Finance Committee.
She amended the garden soil with great quantities of peat moss and manure before planting, and put down stones to create narrow pathways where needed.
``Nothing like that ever happened here before,'' said 33-year-old Jerry Glover, recalling how he and other volunteer firefighters, in full gear after dousing a house fire, chased after Clinton's bus as it crawled through a crowd in Centralia, Ill.
``It's going to happen,'' she said before a practice round Wednesday.
The gift was meaningful for the Rahimian family because several weeks before the auction, they donated the van for sale at the event.
Chris's father, John Rahimian, 53, had used the van before he died May 23 of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, also known as Lou Gehrig's disease.
We've never seen anything like this before.'' (Story can end here.
Repair plans of the Lower Sheraton River District north of Glasgow, Mo., were rejected half a dozen times before corps officials finally approved a proposal in late May.
``White Bronco,'' the first made-for-TV dramatization -- announced by Fox, naturally -- probably won't air before fall.
Yes, savings: the reduced cost of private pensions, Social Security and nursing-home care for smokers who die before their time.
``In a way,'' he said, ``this is going back to my roots, because at Quinn & Johnson I worked on State Street Bank and Fidelity Investments as my accounts.'' His reference was to the old Quinn & Johnson/BBDO agency in Boston, where he began his advertising career in 1981 -- on the account side, interestingly, before moving to the creative side.
``We were running before the aggressor.'' Restoration and proper storage of all these displaced artworks and books is an almost impossible task.
As a museum director in Pula before the war, she added, her monthly salary was $2,000.
What (Dole's plan) leaves out in the cold are the working middle class Americans who form the bulk of this country.'' Ickes added that Dole's proposal ``really hits'' the elderly and does nothing to control soaring costs, which means ``there (would) probably be an increase in deficits.'' The deputy chief of staff and two other White House aides -- chief congressional lobbyist Pat Griffin and health-care ``war room'' director Greg Lawler -- launched their attack before a small group of reporters.
Alou's Expos snatched first place from McGriff's Braves on the last day before the All-Star break, and the Braves want to regain the lofty perch they had held every previous day of the season.
It will have 20 classical columns, 2 waterfalls -- which are to be used before the show and during intermission, but turned off during the performance -- and plenty of lush greenery.
``All I can tell you is, definitely, if we do anything at all, it won't be before the 1998 World Cup,'' Rudas said.
GOVERNOR DEFENDS HIS POLICIES, LASHES OUT AT BEIJING'S LEADERS HONG KONG  (BC-HONG-KONG-PATTEN-475&ADD-ART-NYT) At times battered by ferocious criticism from Beijing, and at times ignored, the governor of Hong Kong vigorously defended his program of local democratization on Wednesday and lashed out at the Chinese government for undermining confidence in the colony in the three years before Britain surrenders sovereignty.
And I think the rest of the world will inevitably see China's assumption of international responsibilities very much through the prism of how it deals with Hong Kong and how it behaves in Hong Kong.'' Two weeks ago, Hong Kong's legislative council, the partly elected law-making body, approved the governor's proposal to broaden democratic rights in the colony before China assumes control.
Transportation provided many of the heftiest increases, with the cost of new vehicles up 0.6 percent, used cars up 1.2 percent, automobile finance charges up 3.4 percent and gasoline up 0.5 percent (2.4 percent before seasonal adjustment).
SCIENTISTS PREPARE TO WATCH COMET'S DEATH PLUNGE INTO JUPITER  (BC-JUPITER-COMET-TEX) In an awesome display of energy never witnessed before, a broken-down comet will plunge to its death in Jupiter's gaseous atmosphere in the coming days while an earthly audience watches.
It will be a celestial show never before seen by humans, although comet and asteroid collisions with planets are common on an astronomical time scale.
Cosmic dust and meteors bombard Earth's atmosphere constantly but burn up before reaching the planet.
``They have never seen anything like this before, which is why a lot of good science will come from this....
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) The accident occurred shortly before 10 p.m. on Marion Avenue near Crotona Park North, a major intersection.
He was in the wrong place at the wrong time.'' Wednesday morning Mitts, sitting under the same tree where the trouble started the night before, said he believed the man who shot Bell was the friend of a young man whose mother had lost a card game and had called on her son to settle the dispute.
On the question of permitting the use of statistics to prove racial disparity in death sentences -- an issue in the crime bill now before Congress -- Breyer said ``no judge would ever say statistics are never relevant.'' But he added society has to be ``careful because (statistics) have to really show what they're supposed to show and its's so easy for them to appear to show what they don't show.'' Under questioning by Heflin, Breyer also said that as a matter of policy, the use of mandatory minimum sentences to send low-level, non-violent drug dealers to jail for long stretches ``doesn't work well from the point of view of criminal law enforcement.'' But at another juncture, he told senators ``judges should not legislate.
Those deadlines, firmer than before, are reinforced by the court's having retained jurisdiction this time, so it can re-enter the case quickly if progress is too slow.
``But there is no doubt that the national team gains something when we play for the big teams in Europe.'' 	Kennet Andersson, relatively unknown before the World Cup finals, has become one of the sport's brightest new stars.
Shortly before the finals began, he signed a contract with Caen, which finished near the bottom of the French first division in 1993-94.
``So I decided to take care of my future before the finals began.'' 	Cameroon Coach Was Under Pressure 	In an interview with the French magazine France Football, Cameroon's coach, Henri Michel, explained some of the intense pressure he was under to bench goalkeeper Joseph-Antoine Bell after the opening 2-2 tie with Sweden.
The switch was made at the request of FIFA, soccer's world governing body, to allow players more time to warm up before the match.
Breyer has said nothing to dislodge that image during two days of testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee.
By contrast, Breyer, who as chief counsel of the Senate Judiciary Committee drafted statutes before he assumed the job of interpreting them, believes strongly in using any materials at hand to try to figure out what Congress wanted to achieve, and to interpret the law in a way that harmonizes with its underlying purpose.
One Fox schedule advantage is that prime-time shows end at 10 p.m. instead of 11, giving its affiliates an hour to do local news before other network affiliates can plug in their newscasts.
The gift was meaningful for the Rahimian family because several weeks before the auction, they donated the van for sale at the event.
Chris's father, John Rahimian, 53, had used the van before he died May 23 of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, also known as Lou Gehrig's disease.
So this escape from our earthly environment has to be the biggest story of this century -- that is, unless the Koreans blow us all to hell before the year 2000.'' 
A strike surely would come before the end of the season because players assume owners, in the absence of an agreement, unilaterally would implement their own.
They are 25-25 away from Shea, and with the momentum of a 7-4 West Coast swing just before the All-Star break -- the team's best trip since 1988 -- the Mets' 1993 road record of 31-50 seems to be an embarrassment of the distant past.
The Brazilian fans, perpetually on the lookout for fresh soccer idols, had singled him out long before for special attention.
``As soon as I touched a ball for the first time, people wanted me to resemble my brother, but my style and physique were completely different,'' said Rai (pronounced rah-EE), the captain of the Brazilian team until he was benched before its second-round match against the United States.
The doubting began last September when he left Sao Paulo, and like so many South American stars before him, headed for the more-moneyed environs of Europe.
Clinton left his limousine, jumbo jet and necktie at home for Wednesday's visit, choosing instead to fly a mid-sized military plane to the center of the flooded region before taking a half-hour helicopter ride to see the damage.
That gives it perhaps another year to come to terms with the Arabs before turning its complete attention to domestic politics.
Those places were in Jordanian hands before they fell to Israel in the 1967 Middle East war, and Jordan still considers itself responsible for Muslim shrines.
Without progress on that front, there can be no hope for true regional peace, but the two sides have not met face to face since February, just before the killing of 29 Palestinians in Hebron by an Israeli settler.
Long before mainstream news shows invited audience participation, C-SPAN featured viewer call-in shows with legislators, policymakers and journalists.
In 1989, environmental groups sued the three towns and Suffolk County to compel an environmental study on the impact of development in the pine barrens before more than 200 building projects could proceed.
``It's a turning point because some people have perceived before that this was mainly a U.S. problem.'' 
McAlpine said that if all of the CBS stock was tendered, the blended value of the offer would be about $283 a share, since the shares were selling for $263 before word of the QVC merger leaked out and would be likely to decline to their previous level after the tender.
In his second day of testimony before the committee, Breyer also elaborated on his earlier defense of his participation in environmental pollution cases as a federal judge.
Breyer is expected to complete his testimony before the Committee on Thursday.
But they did say that three hours before Nicholas's body was found about 5:30 p.m., school officials had discovered that both boys were missing.
Breyer, as he neared the end of confirmation questioning before the Senate Judiciary Committee.
``It's hardly surprising to me, given the prior situation and given the years of neglect, that it will be decades -- decades -- before that promise is eventually kept, but we're trying, and the trying is absolutely correct.'' Breyer linked his humanitarian emphasis with his legal specialty, saying the reason he feels so strongly about antitrust law is that ``unless you have a policeman like that, then those who are better off are just going to be better off, and that's the end of it.
You have to have a society in which those who are better off understand their obligations toward those who are worse off.'' As to his goal of keeping up with the ``real world'' and the less fortunate from his lofty judicial status, he said, ``I would try to do my best to get out a little bit of what I'd call the cloistered chamber.'' The judge refused to be pinned down on issues pending before Congress, such as the racial justice and gun control provisions in the crime bill, which, he said, he may have to rule on later from the bench.
THAT'S ENTERTAINMENT! III: More song-and-dance treasures from the MGM vault, this time accompanied by outtakes, behind-the-scenes footage and never before seen production numbers.
Many Democrats are afraid that if they don't pass the anti-crime package before mid-August, they might lose their chance to take it home by Election Day.
Bulgaria's goal came on a penalty-kick just before the end of the first half, scored by Hristo Stoichkov.
The cheers of ``EEE-tal-ya! EEE-tal-ya!'' had barely subsided and the confetti and toilet paper rolls had scarcely settled on the turf before Baggio struck again.
But just before halftime, Bulgaria got the goal that gave it renewed hope, making it a one-goal game again.
They hope it will get cold before the election.'' Aides to Salinas are so concerned about the public skepticism, officials said, that they have refused to release the final report by Montes, which was completed days ago.
I'm very curious, and when I hang up the phone I'm going to call Knopf.'' Popes have published their work before -- Pope John Paul's published material includes a treatise in moral phjilosophy, catechisms, plays written in his youth in Cracow, Poland, and a collection of poetry -- but what makes this book so unusual is that it is to be marketed as a general-interest book to the widest possible audience, through regular bookselling channels as well as through, presumably, religious bookstores and other outlets.
The idea was voted down by the other commission members before the group issued its list of recommendations.
``They need to have more testing done before using them as (proof) of what the product does,'' Spencer-Smith said.
``It has the potential for disaster, because the bidding is done often before the defendant knows the full facts of the government's case,'' said Charles Weisselberg, a criminal law professor at the University of Southern California.
If you want coconut cream, do not shake a can before opening.
Otherwise, thoroughly shake the can before opening or stir after opening to re-homogenize the milk.
It's most often sliced (unpeeled) and added to recipes to imparts its flavor; slices are not intended to be eaten so should be discarded before consuming the dish.
Rinse or wipe before using.
``This is an issue that clearly has to be dealt with before we can get a bill passed.'' Although Hillary Rodham Clinton hinted in a speech last month that the administration would not allow a dispute over abortion to kill chances for passage of health care legislation, Lorrie McHugh, spokeswoman for the White House on health, said Wednesday night that the administration stood by its original position that abortion should be covered ``where a doctor deemed it medically necessary or appropriate.'' ``And there would also be a conscience clause to insure that doctors and health care institutions could choose not to perform abortion for moral or religious reasons,'' Ms. McHugh said, adding, `We'll fight for it.' '' A strategist for the House leadership, speaking on condition of anonymity, expressed optimism that a solution could be found that might not satisfy either side but could at least prevent the health care bill from being jettisoned over a single issue.
 (BC-HEALTH-RDP-ART-2NDTAKE-NYT) But the letter itself, which was also signed by at least five Republicans, was more carefully worded: ``We feel compelled to convey to you our strong commitment that any health care reform package that comes before the House must contain coverage for contraceptive and abortion services if it is to gain our support.'' Rep.
Prepare garnishes, but wait to arrange them on serving dishes just before serving.
Just before serving, arrange garnishes on plates or in bowls.
The C-17 gives the Air Force the ability to take troops or supplies deep into regions of the world that before were impenetrable by an aircraft its size.
Turn once, just before they're done.
The lime juice and fish sauce have something of a curing effect, so stop the cooking before the fish is quite done.
Tisch said in a statement Wednesday that CBS would recover from the lost opportunity of the QVC merger by aggressively pursuing ``new directions.'' Tisch, who declined requests for an interview, met with some members of the CBS staff and assured them that the end of the QVC deal would simply return CBS to its position before QVC and Diller appeared on the scene.
A West University police officer reported stopping Tomjanovich's vehicle at 3:04 a.m. Police Chief Steve Griffith said the officer followed the vehicle for several blocks and reported seeing drunken behavior before pulling Tomjanovich over.
James Andrus, the Air Force commander who led the investigation, said the probe disclosed this series of failures: -- The operation command allowed the Black Hawk helicopters to enter the no-fly zone before fighters had swept the area to be sure no enemy planes were present.
Pantani had the lead at that point after he and the other leaders overhauled a five-man breakaway that romped through a good part of the stage before the climb.
On the last curve before the straightaway to the line, he whipped ahead into the impenetrable fog and was gone.
In that crash, a Burlington Northern train ran into the back of a parked train before dawn.
	Coffee futures gyrated wildly before closing lower.
``Children accept whatever happens to them without too much question,'' said Simonson, who was 14 when she was evacuated from China with other Americans shortly before World War II.
She said she hadn't finished all of her back-to-school shopping yet, but she figured that she would add some storage carts and hanging racks to her cargo before she heads off for her freshman year at Texas Christian University in Fort Worth.
``The `required equipment' can be almost as expensive.'' While the amount spent on dorm-room trappings varies among collegians and their families, thousands of dollars are often forked over before class ever begins.
(O.J. Simpson undoubtedly would have been the runaway topical name choice this year except the deadline for team name selection had passed weeks before the Simpson affair began).
``We played in this before we were married, after we were married, through all our boyfriends, through everything.
Amid the public's potent mix of cynicism and hope, the PRD and the Zapatistas have given vague, conflicting indications of what additional reforms they want before election day.
``The PRD appears to be trying to participate in the elections but disqualify them beforehand,'' said Jared Kotler, an analyst at the Washington Office on Latin America, a research group that is working jointly with Aguayo's organization to monitor the elections.
Clinton left his limousine, jumbo jet and necktie at home for Wednesday's visit, choosing instead to fly a mid-sized military plane to the center of the flooded region before taking a half-hour helicopter ride to see the damage.
Durichek took the girls from Minnesota just before their father died, however, insisting she had custody rights.
The Minnesota couple said they established a close relationship with the children in the few years before their father died.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Italy's hopes in the final could become complicated by the condition of Baggio's right hamstring, which forced him to the sideline, causing the Azzurri to play one player short for 1:32, before he was removed in the 71st minute.
 (BC-CELLULAR-SLEUTHS-2ndtake-LADN) Young scanned various channels for about an hour before stopping on a number.
Arguments for an appeal were made before the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in March, and a ruling is pending.
In 18 months, the boys will be required to return to Allendoerfer's courtroom months to demonstrate whether they have been rehabilitated and have made restitution, conditions that would have be met before the judge could release them.
 (BC-COMPUTER-REALTORS-2ndtake-LADN) Real estate agent Jerry Berns, who will access the CRIS Net system from his home and office, has tried technology before.
``But we've rose to the occasion before.'' Indeed they have.
``Some of the things are obviously antiques and had some damage that could have been there before,'' Bella said.
Brazil advanced to the final for the first time since 1970 with a 1-0 victory on Wednesday over Sweden before a crowd of 84,569 at the Rose Bowl.
``But there is no doubt that the national team gains something when we play for the big teams in Europe.'' Kennet Andersson, relatively unknown before the World Cup finals, has become one of the sport's brightest new stars.
Shortly before the finals began, he signed a contract with Caen, which finished near the bottom of the French first division in 1993-94.
Dressed in the game clothes they already had bought -- blue spandex shorts and yellow halter tops -- Berg and Tonki got down to business hours before the game.
As a bus carrying one of the teams into the stadium arrived -- with a police escort and sirens blaring -- a horse ridden by a Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department deputy bucked and bolted into a thick crowd, kicking and falling down several times before the deputy got the animal under control.
A way to kill time before the Cowboys assemble.
In the end, Brazil prevailed and even Swedish coach Tommmy Svenssson had to admit, as Bora Milutinovic of the U.S. had admitted before him, that Brazil's team was far superior to his own.
Romario first squandered two chances that he normally buries before registering his fifth goal of the Cup, both of them trademark runs through the penalty area.
``I saw Romario by himself several times, but never before was there a perfect opportunity.'' Down the middle, the 5-foot-6 striker was presented with two such buildups within a seven-minute stretch of the opening half.
And then, just before they started to sound like excuse-makers, the Swedes took a shot at themselves too, admitting Brazil didn't need any unfair advantages on Wednesday afternoon.
The teams met for the World Cup championship once before, in Mexico in 1970.
Two women Rote treated before he came to WSU had lost 10 pregnancies between them; both had healthy children with the therapy.
The reproductive immunologist -- ``I'm not a physician, I'm a basic scientist,'' he says -- first launched his research specialty during a nine-year tenure at the University of Utah, long before his own experience with pregnancy loss.
Plans are to air Coach ahead of preseason NFL games through August before Monday Night Football returns Sept.
``I told the minister before he did her funeral service, `I lost two people today.
Isn't it amazing?'' ``I lost my mother in 1979, the week before Mother's Day, and that made it even more horrible for me.
Crown says she remembers hanging up the phone after learning of her mother's fatal heart attack and thinking, ``I'm 38 years old and an orphan.'' Saying she knows that might sound ludicrous, she adds, ``I know when you think of orphans you think of little children, but my father died when I was 22, now I had no mother and suddenly I felt like a helpless child.'' She also recalls ``feeling robbed because I didn't get to see her before she died and we didn't get to have a last visit.'' Today, 15 years later, the North Druid Hills resident and director of Emory Women's Center at Emory University says, ``I don't want to idealize my relationship with my mother.
I was in my 30s before I totally embraced them and accepted my parents.
But that's because I think it's connected with accepting yourself.'' Despite his success as an actor in All in the Family (he departed in 1978, before the show began its sad decline), Reiner said that he didn't began to feel happy or complete until the mid-80s, when with two feature films under his belt, he turned a short story by Stephen King about some boys who stumble on a corpse titled The Body into a funny but tough tale of childhood discovery and friendship called Stand By Me. ``I did a lot of work on myself,'' says Reiner, who is anything but a stranger to psychotherapy, ``and it made a difference.
So I went back to broadcasting.'' Clooney was a deejay and a singer before finding his niche in news, working at all three of Cincinnati's network affiliates over a 30-year span.
Booty was not given that option by the Marlins, and thus LSU lost the player Stanford's Bill Walsh called ``the best high school quarterback I ever saw.'' Goff points out that more attention is being paid to recruiting today than ever before, so when a great high school player turns to baseball more people are aware of it.
Chaffee blew on May 26, the day before the primary.
Clinton was said to hold Carter partly responsible for his loss, and long before the administration's stiff response to Carter's efforts at negotiating an end to the Korean crisis, there was a certain coolness between the two Democrats.
 (BC-TALKHOST-(2takes)-COX) ``WJNO, hold on, please! ``WJNO, hold on, please! ``WJNO, hold on, please!'' Twenty-two minutes before the hour here on your O.J. Simpson station.
In Colorado, California, Pennsylvania, he worked on both sides of the microphone, in programming and performing, before coming to Florida in the early 1980s, first at WNWS in Miami and then, in 1988, to WJNO.
Lupus subsequently had a successful exercise program called The Peter Lupus Body Shop and won a few more body building contests (before his acting career, he was Mr. Indiana and, prophetically, Mr. Hercules).
Some of the animals had been brought by owners who were among the 3,000 people evacuated from low-lying areas before the Flint River's expected crest today.
But the public has benefited greatly from research conducted in the space program before, between and after those flights, he said.
According to the suit, Patterson signed an agreement June 3 to sell the piece to Fitzgerald and Bishop but refused to go through with the sale before July 3 as the agreement required.
Patterson provided Mexican documents that the sculpture was acquired legally and has been in Europe for more than 50 years before being brought to the U.S. But Fitzgerald and Bishop claim in their suit that those documents may be false.
He was designated the celebrity figure before this little tournament ever began.
It comes just five weeks before Mexico picks a new president in Aug.
``Its own presidential candidate once admitted the party had failed, but he always spoke with demagoguery,'' wrote Aburto, who in a hearing before a judge in May said the gun he was holding accidentally went off after someone in the crowd struck him on the right leg.
Most shameless is Tony Danza's Mel Clark, a disabled pitcher whose ruined arm is divinely repaired just before it's too late.
THAT'S ENTERTAINMENT! III: More song-and-dance treasures from the MGM vault, this time accompanied by outtakes, behind-the-scenes footage and never before seen production numbers.
``Three films a day, three books a week and some good music will keep me happy until my death,'' he declared, going on to announce, ``I don't look at the sky because afterward the earth looks awful.'' The mixture of blunt matter-of-factness and passionate enthusiasm suggested by those words eventually found artistic expression in the 21 full-length movies and four short films that Truffaut completed before his death 10 years ago at the age of 52.
The difference between his attitude and that of most his colleagues is suggested by the film's opening scene, in which he is called back to headquarters from a stakeout moments before an arrest because a drunken superior needs the police van for his personal transportation.
``The whole idea is to get to them before they're too old,'' she said.
Three inches of ice covered the field before game time and had to be shoveled off by fans, team officials and reporters.
UT-Arlington won the regionally televised game, 13-0, in 27-degree weather, before a crowd of 1,000.
Consumer advocates have raised concerns that poor and minority communities will be bypassed by the highway, but even before that issue can be addressed they need to get basic phone service, the groups say.
As Pritchett observes, ``The day -- and it must come soon -- when we will all call each other by name instead of color will be a great day in history.'' I do believe I will live to see that day before my own brown skin wrinkles.
Zain, who worked in West Virginia before coming to San Antonio, testified that the tests showed the man's guilt.
Durichek took the girls from Minnesota just before her son died, however, insisting she had custody rights.
The Minnesota couple said they established a close relationship with the children in the few years before their father died.
Witnesses reported that he had been traveling at more than 100 mph shortly before the accident.
``Give me two years and every kid you see here will be college scholarship material,'' Dan Leonard said before a recent rehearsal.
``I did all the instruments before I finished high school because that's what my dad said I should shoot for.'' That would be Patrick Leonard, 86.
``I used to think all bands were like little families, but when we started touring with other groups, we saw how lucky we are,'' Dunne, 28, said in an interview a few hours before the show.
There are constant references to Pete Best (the Beatle Ringo Starr replaced before the Fab Four hit it big).
It's a safe bet that many of these people will be dead before they can enjoy the fruits of their courage.
Long before its reissue, many voiced the opinion that ``Easy Rider'' had dated badly.
Cool on rack at least 1 hour before serving.
``I had a great time making it and gained more confidence than I ever had before,'' he said.
This was back in the good ol' days, before the condors were retired to the Sespe Wilderness in the Los Padres National Forest.
It was the testimony by Dean before a congressional investigations committee that implicated President Nixon.
It was just one of those things that didn't work out.'' Nothing before, or since, the events leading to Nixon's resignation has happened in American politics that is comparable, according to Dean, not even the current controversies surrounding the Clinton administration: the Whitewater controversy about the Clintons' investments in a failed S&L; and sexual harassment allegations against the president by Paula Jones, a former Arkansas state employee.
``I thought everyone should have come forward and said this is what happened and this is how it happened,'' Dean said, ``but it didn't occur.'' Dean said before he was approached about the mini-series he thought that American interest in Watergate had reached saturation point.
But this ``Watergate'' offered some never-before-discovered evidence in the case, he said, a major reason he agreed to become involved.
This was two months before Liddy and his men were caught breaking into the Democratic headquarters at the Watergate Hotel in Washington, D.C. The memo is important because Nixon, whom Congress sought to impeach for trying to cover up the break-in after it happened, denied any foreknowledge of Liddy's plan to burglarize the office.
Nixon resigned before he could be impeached.
ENTITLEMENT COMMISSION COULD BE POLITICAL TIME BOMB WASHINGTON  (BC-ENTITLEMENTS-COX) Just when President Clinton is trying to keep the focus on health care reform, fighting crime and making over the welfare system, a commission he created is preparing to tell the nation that before long, there won't be any money for such things.
	President FranCois Mitterrand, himself a former Resistance fighter who, at the age of 77, was presiding over his 14th and final Bastille Day parade before retiring next year, said that critics of the German presence were thinking of the past.
In 1991, before either sentence began, Ommaha disappeared.
Encouraged by the prospect of $250-an-hour attorney's fees, Friedman spent most of last month churning out papers to defend the prisoners' rights in the lawsuit before Federal Judge Charles P.
Coltrane said he's willing to do a third before calling it quits.
Today's decision proves that when all the rhetoric is over, the reality is the policy is no different than it was before,'' Thorne said.
By the time the test is instituted statewide next June, anxious newcomers should be prepared for a no-nonsense quiz on how to operate a car before taking a closely scrutinized test drive.
WASHINGTON (NYT)  (BC-NATIONAL-BRIEFS-NYT) With four days left before they were to present a plan to overhaul the welfare system, President Clinton's aides faced a painful question.
Breyer completed his testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee Thursday but not before engaging in a pointed confrontation over whether he acted improperly in sitting on pollution cases while part of an insurance syndicate facing great losses over pollution lawsuits.
Jessica and my wife, Susan, prefer Sesame Streak, which consists of three flumes, each 200 feet long; riders sit on inner tubes, twisting in and out of tunnels before splashing down in a pool.
Riders, on inner tubes, often end up going backward, which lends an out-of-control sensation as they speed through a steep tunnel and waterfall before the final splashdown.
After climbing a six-story ramp, riders sit atop the slide before plunging over the edge and hurtling back to earth in a dramatic burst of water before coming to a gradual stop along 115 feet of ``runway.'' The 40-acre water park, 10 miles from Walt Disney World in Orlando, has 30 water rides, including 5 huge water slides, 5 tube rides of various heights and speeds, and a childrens' playground.
We visited the Beach before the real heat of summer set in, yet we were searching for more shade.
Twenty years passed before it cleared Congress, amid gloomy and irrational predictions of bankrupting the country, socializing medicine and destroying the doctor-patient relationship.
Bush had a 2,000-member Marine evacuation force stand off the Liberian coast for more than two months in 1990 before ordering 260 Marines into Monrovia in August to evacuate 125 civilians, including 61 Americans, in response to a rebel leader's threat to seize foreign hostages.
Bush had a 2,000-member Marine evacuation force stand off the Liberian coast for more than two months in 1990 before ordering 260 Marines into Monrovia in August to evacuate 125 civilians, including 61 Americans, in response to a rebel leader's threat to seize foreign hostages.
A '70s popster, Rundgren moved into high-tech with videos and interactive music before the rest of the pack.
Obviously, it's not going to be easy.'' 	The project was announced after the museum board voted in favor of Serra's proposal, but before the city approved the project.
	``We asked Christie's to withdraw the piece before the auction,'' said Zuhair Ibrahim, head of the Iraqi Interests Section at the Jordanian Embassy in London.
However, it remains unclear whether the caucus could hold their members together and derail a bill that many lawmakers are anxious to pass before the November elections.
President Francois Mitterrand, 77, a former Resistance fighter who presided over his 14th Bastille Day parade, and his last before retiring, said critics were thinking of the past and ``I am looking to the future.'' Mitterrand, who gives enormous weight to relations with Germany, invited the troops after Chancellor Helmut Kohl was excluded from ceremonies last month marking the 50th anniversary of the Allied landings at Normandy.
For my latest two-wheeled journey, I began in Manhattan's Greenwich Village and followed a not-so-straight-as-a-string route: along the northern perimeter of the island and then, instead of crossing diagonally through Riverhead, at the island's east-end crotch, to reach the South Fork, angling slightly out of the way to trace the North Fork, veering south and across Shelter Island before taking on the final eastward leg.
I left my apartment shortly after 5 a.m. (there is no better biking in America than on Third Avenue at dawn); some friends met me at the Montauk Lighthouse (thank goodness) just before 8 p.m. That's slow, I grant you, and it seems particularly so now, with the times for the Tour de France leaders in the paper every day (127 miles in 5 hours 12 minutes 53 seconds -- egads!), but I won't apologize.
It's seven miles or so before you make a jog around Shea Stadium and through College Point, but after you join Northern Boulevard again you could stay on it, if you wanted to, for 100 miles (it turns into State Route 25A), all the way to Greenport.
I now know, for example, that beyond Roslyn, Northern Boulevard becomes the Hempstead Turnpike, which divides Syosset from its northern neighbor (answer to quiz), Oyster Bay, before crossing the Suffolk County line and entering Huntington.
Just before the campus entrance, however, there's a left onto what looks like a tiny enough road to be an affluent person's driveway.
It's a little longer, but you get Queens and Nassau out of the way early, before the traffic problems become onerous.
For my latest two-wheeled journey, I began in Manhattan's Greenwich Village and followed a not-so-straight-as-a-string route: along the northern perimeter of the island and then, instead of crossing diagonally through Riverhead, at the island's east-end crotch, to reach the South Fork, angling slightly out of the way to trace the North Fork, veering south and across Shelter Island before taking on the final eastward leg.
I left my apartment shortly after 5 a.m. (there is no better biking in America than on Third Avenue at dawn); some friends met me at the Montauk Lighthouse (thank goodness) just before 8 p.m. That's slow, I grant you, and it seems particularly so now, with the times for the Tour de France leaders in the paper every day (127 miles in 5 hours 12 minutes 53 seconds -- egads!), but I won't apologize.
It's seven miles or so before you make a jog around Shea Stadium and through College Point, but after you join Northern Boulevard again you could stay on it, if you wanted to, for 100 miles (it turns into State Route 25A), all the way to Greenport.
I now know, for example, that beyond Roslyn, Northern Boulevard becomes the Hempstead Turnpike, which divides Syosset from its northern neighbor (answer to quiz), Oyster Bay, before crossing the Suffolk County line and entering Huntington.
Just before the campus entrance, however, there's a left onto what looks like a tiny enough road to be an affluent person's driveway.
It's a little longer, but you get Queens and Nassau out of the way early, before the traffic problems become onerous.
It will have 20 classical columns, 2 waterfalls -- which are to be used before the show and during intermission, but turned off during the performance -- and plenty of lush greenery.
``All I can tell you is, definitely, if we do anything at all, it won't be before the 1998 World Cup,'' Rudas said.
Now, centrist and conservative candidates are crisscrossing Brazil, trying to play catch-up before the first round of the nation's presidential elections on Oct.
Credit should go to Bulgaria -- which defeated the arrogant defending champions, Germany, before losing to Italy -- for tenacity, hunger and discipline.
They nearly blew the second-round match to Nigeria before Baggio's last-minute heroics saved them, while in that match they lost another valued midfielder, Gianfranco Zola, to a red-card foul.
They even suffered through six hours trapped on a plane en route to fogged-in Logan Airport before that game.
`RED ROCK' IS PART HITCHCOCK, PART BLACK COMEDY  (BC-ROCK-MOVIE-REVIEW-KAN) Early in John Dahl's clever thriller ``Red Rock West,'' a penniless drifter walks into a Wyoming barroom and, before he can say a word, is mistaken by the owner for the Dallas hit man he hired to kill his wife.
Computer firms and other companies founded by baby boomers are less likely to have a dress code than more traditional companies started by generations before them.
With greater education, fewer children, and a realization that a man will not necessarily always be around to provide, Colombian women of all classes are aggressively pursuing a financial independence unthinkable before.
The grand jury said that two months before the scheduled June fight in Las Vegas, King took out a $750,000 policy with Lloyd's as insurance if the fight was canceled.
But the fliers also reported the mission's second birth of a newt from the store of 144 salamander eggs loaded into the shuttle's aquarium before liftoff Friday, as well as the birth of 15 baby Medaka fish.
``She may have been a little exhausted by giving birth to 40 eggs in one night.'' The four female newts were given hormones to release fertilized eggs before and just after Columbia launched.
Where have we heard that before?
This plea took place in U.S. District Court in Manhattan before Judge Kevin Duffy, hearing the dispute between the National Basketball Association and the players association.
In the 14 years before the cap was instituted, nine teams won the NBA championship, including such smaller markets as Milwaukee, Seattle, Portland and Golden State.
The issue is set to come up again on July 27 when Secretary of State Warren Christopher is expected to appear before the subcommittee and recommend that refugee numbers be cut to 110,000 in the coming year.
The issue is set to come up again on July 27 when Secretary of State Warren Christopher is expected to appear before the subcommittee and recommend that refugee numbers be cut to 110,000 in the coming year.
The issue is set to come up again on July 27 when Secretary of State Warren Christopher is expected to appear before the subcommittee and recommend that refugee numbers be cut to 110,000 in the coming year.
``I don't know how many lifetimes it will be before something like this is observable again,'' said astronomer Steve Edberg of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif.
``Even if nothing happens, we learn something.'' If Shoemaker-Levy was originally a single, six-mile-wide object before it was ripped apart, the largest fragments may now be a mile or two across.
``Things are happening as before, or even worse than before.'' Massimo D'Alema, the leader of the formerly communist Democratic Party of the Left, urged Berlusconi to withdraw the decree.
In a statement, Dammerman noted Keehner's ``important contribution'' to Kidder, Peabody, ``both before its relationship with GE and since.'' In the same statement, Keehner said that at this point in Kidder, Peabody's management transition he was taking the opportunity to pursue a ``long-term ambition of managing my own company.'' Keehner's departure from Kidder, Peabody comes two weeks after his wife, Helen B.
And because the field is so new, there is still widespread uncertainty about how offensive the behavior must be before a student has a right to damages, how a school should respond to complaints of harassment or discrimination and when a school is responsible for one student harassing another.
Cohen said that before the United States attempts to tackle a moon base, it must complete its decade-old plan to build a space station and develop a constellation of unmanned satellites that closely monitor the Earth and its environment.
If you're Jewish, you're supposed to be buried before the next sundown.'' Ms. Freeman is trying to to get her father to leave a written inventory and instructions, too.
``She had completed her part of it and she said I had to do my part of it before we left,'' said Kuritz, whose portion took about 12 hours.
There will be no single national games, like there used to be on CBS, and NBC before that, on Saturday afternoons.
CLINTON WELFARE BILL: FROM CAMPAIGN PLEDGE TO SOCIAL POLICY WASHINGTON  (BC-WELFARE-CONGRESS-4TAKES-NYT) With four days left before they were to present a plan to overhaul the welfare system, President Clinton's aides faced a painful question.
Studies showed that as many as three-fourths of all black children would spend a year on welfare before reaching adulthood.
For the first half of this year, profits dropped 4.3 percent, to $695 million, or $3.43 a share, from $726 million, or $4.27 a share before the effect of an accounting change, in the comparable period a year ago.
With this CD-ROM, Spiegelman has said, ``you can show what's up your sleeve, where all the wires are, exactly where you keep all the rabbits before they come out of the hat.
I'm starting to say, `Back when I played.' I thought I'd never say those words.'' Showalter now wishes he never had, and he planned to play down the issue in a meeting with reporters before Thursday night's game.
Piniella, who managed O'Neill on the Cincinnati Reds before the Yankees acquired him, denied any intent by his pitchers afterward, adding: ``We were trying not to hit him.
All of which helped set the stage for this weekend, where the Yankees have decided to prioritize their problems: In ascending order, they want to cement a Mulholland-less starting rotation, they want to keep Baltimore at more than a half-game distance in the American League East and, above all else, they want to diffuse this Showalter-Griffey thing before it disrupts No. 2.
Where have we heard that before?
This plea took place in U.S. District Court in Manhattan before Judge Kevin Duffy, hearing the dispute between the National Basketball Association and the players association.
In the 14 years before the cap was instituted, nine teams won the NBA championship, including such smaller markets as Milwaukee, Seattle, Portland and Golden State.
That schedule, he said, would enable Congress to vote on a bill, with a few days to spare, before its vacation begins Aug.
They circled the moon 10 times before returning to Earth on Dec.
RWANDAN REFUGEES FLOOD ZAIRE AS REBEL FORCES GAIN NAIROBI, Kenya  (BC-RWANDA-REFUGEES-450&ADDS-NYT) Rwanda's Hutu leadership fled on Thursday before a Tutsi-led rebel offensive, and a wave of refugees poured into Zaire, prompting urgent appeals from international relief agencies unprepared to deal with the staggering number of refugees.
At the border, Zairian soldiers, who constantly demand money before allowing anyone to pass, are taking what few valuables the refugees might still have, including their mattresses.
The French and relief agencies stepped up their calls on Thursday for a cease-fire, which they have said before is the only way to stem the flood of refugees.
U.N. officials in Kigali said they thought the rebel front would probably declare a cease-fire before the weekend.
However, it was not too early to begin the bilingual smoke-blowing, three days before the match between two three-time champions.
We must concentrate on this game.'' And the beginning of that concentration, established by the direction of the coach's public thoughts before the team flew west Thursday, included an emphasis on the circumstances and criticism his team has overcome.
The lawsuit also accused Mozer of illegally avoiding $500,000 in losses by selling his Salomon stock three days before the scandal became public and sent the brokerage firm's share price down sharply.
Two other bids by Mozer were submitted before fines for such maneuvers were sharply increased, and were not included in calculating the overall fine.
Last fall, Guerin Sportivo, an Italian soccer magazine, ran photos of all 73 and tossed in other shots of Pope John Paul II, Robin Williams as Popeye and Sylvester Stallone as Rambo to ridicule Sacchi's uncertainty, asking in a mocking headline, ``Arrigo, Have You Forgotten Anyone?'' When the Azzurri lost by 2-1 in a spring exhibition against Pontedera, a team in Italy's fourth division, American Oggi, an Italian-language newspaper published in New Jersey, demanded that Sacchi be fired ``before it's too late.'' There was no way he could employ his attacking, pressing style in any coherent manner with only a month's preparation with the national team.
As Young circled the moon alone in the command capsule, Stafford and Cernan separated in the lunar module and dipped to within nine miles of the moon's surface before ascending for a rendezvous with the Apollo 10 capsule and return to Earth.
Despite his assurances, it is widely presumed that it will be a long time before civilian government becomes reality.
In the Rwandan capital, a new U.N. mediator, Shaharyar Mohammad Khan, a former Pakistani diplomat, met on Thursday with Faustin Twagiramungu, a Rwandan chosen as prime minister of a potential transitional government before the country collapsed into anarchy in April.
The lawyer, Juan Gonzalez, described the prosecutor's conclusions as ``ridiculous, period.'' According to a draft copy of the special prosecutor's final report, Montes asserts that under former Attorney General Diego Valades, investigators had embraced the idea of wider involvement in the case before he took it over on March 28, five days after Colosio's death.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) More damningly, however, three officials with close knowledge of the case acknowledged that Sanchez was actually beaten and coerced by police investigators into admitting that he had met Aburto before the shooting, a fact he had at first denied.
As Montes's report acknowledgees, however, Miss Gonzalez identified Sanchez as a man she had seen with Aburto days before the assassination after he was put in a lineup that was otherwise filled with the police officers.
The delay, announced by Suzanne Childs, a spokeswoman for District Attorney Gil Garcetti, came less than 24 hours before Cowlings' scheduled arraignment and suggested that the prosecutors might seek a postponement of the hearing.
First, they could use the discovery to challenge before a jury the defense lawyers' contention that Simpson was not fleeing but instead intended to kill himself when a phalanx of police cars fell in behind the van on an Interstate highway south of Los Angeles that evening.
Breyer completed his testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee on Thursday but not before a sharp confrontation over whether he acted improperly in deciding pollution cases while investing in an insurance syndicate facing substantial losses over pollution lawsuits.
Macy's creditors began trying to sort out exactly what they will get, and Ullman took his team of top executives, many of whom will soon be looking for work, to lunch before leaving for a long weekend with his family far away from the negotiating table where he spent the last two days hammering out the final agreement.
They circled the moon 10 times before returning to Earth on Dec.
On a day that began bright and breezy and ended in a windblown shroud of cold mist straight out of a Bronte novel, there were low rounds by unfamiliar names, there was Tom Watson on the leaderboard and John Daly in some spots where drives have never before been imagined, much less seen.
``He is still extremely powerful,'' said Jerry Reinsdorf, the Bulls' owner, who has criticized Stern before the other owners for spending too much of the league's money to fight him and WGN.
The league launched the legal action against the union, believing that it had to do so before the union went to court first.
Cohen said that before the United States attempts to tackle a moon base, it must complete its decade-old plan to build a space station and develop a constellation of unmanned satellites that closely monitor the Earth and its environment.
Favored with a crack-of-dawn start, letting him finish before the wind and rain kicked up, he fashioned a 2-under 68 that might have been a 65 or a 66.
He had never run away before when given this privilege.
The source of the money he withdrew was unclear, although it may have accumulated in his account before the state took control of his disability and veteran's benefits.
At the time of the Vera Wang holdup, he had been assigned to a work release program at the Adirondacks Correctional Facility in Plattsburgh, N.Y. Sebok left the prison without permission hours before the holdup and did not return for three days, the police said.
Even Russia, some critics say only half in jest, was able to get a legislature before Nassau.
A 1983 newspaper article, for instance, described a typical meeting of the board of that time as one in which it gave unanimous approval to 99 percent of the items on its calendar, a document that was ``marked to indicate who is to move which resolution and who is to second it.'' The creation of a legislature in Nassau has come up before.
Those figures landed in the middle of predictions made before the World Cup started here on June 18.
Gualberto Medina, the New Jersey commissioner of commerce and economic development, said the impact might be greater than predicted before the World Cup because few officials had expected that all seven games in Giants Stadium would sell out, as they did.
At Giants Stadium on Wednesday, as spectators milled around before the Italy-Bulgaria match, vendors like Warren Dischler, 44, and Joe Lucignano, 43, said they had done well.
Those figures landed in the middle of predictions made before the World Cup started here on June 18.
Gualberto Medina, the New Jersey commissioner of commerce and economic development, said the impact might be greater than predicted before the World Cup because few officials had expected that all seven games in Giants Stadium would sell out, as they did.
At Giants Stadium on Wednesday, as spectators milled around before the Italy-Bulgaria match, vendors like Warren Dischler, 44, and Joe Lucignano, 43, said they had done well.
But before he had gotten more than a block, U.S. Customs Service agents grabbed him.
After two requests failed to get a response, the agency decided the case solely on the evidence before it, without a response from Kaiser, Valandra said.
TWO PANELS HEAR GATT REVENUE PLAN WASHINGTON  (BC-GATT-KANTOR-450&ADD-NYT) The Clinton administration briefed lawmakers Thursday on how it plans to raise the $12 billion needed to pay for the global trade agreement, in a new push to have Congress approve the accord before the end of the year.
Panetta, and Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen appeared before a closed session of the Senate Finance Committee.
He was a law clerk to Judge Frank Murray of U.S. District Court in Boston before joining the firm in 1969.
``Some look back in anger, others don't.'' Vickie waited until Betty Abbott died before beginning her search for her brothers and sisters because she didn't want to hurt her, she says.
``Some look back in anger, others don't.'' Vickie waited until Betty Abbott died before beginning her search for her brothers and sisters because she didn't want to hurt her, she says.
``Some look back in anger, others don't.'' Vickie waited until Betty Abbott died before beginning her search for her brothers and sisters because she didn't want to hurt her, she says.
In its final three miles before reaching Umbagog, the Rapid River is a tumultuous stream.
Not wishing a repeat of our incoming trip, we rose at dawn the day of our departure and were across the placid, mist-shrouded lake before the prevailing northwest wind once again picked up.
PROSECUTORS EXPECTED TO ASK FOR MORE TIME ON COWLINGS CASE LOS ANGELES  (BC-SIMPSON-KILLINGS-LADN) Prosecutors today are expected to ask a judge for more time to continue their investigation before deciding if criminal charges should be filed against Al Cowlings.
KCBS-TV reported late Wednesday that time-marked videotape showed the case's lead prosecutor walked onto Simpson's property at least 17 minutes before the warrant was signed at 10:45 a.m. Legal experts said if Clark was present at the Simpson estate even before a warrant was issued, it would not be significant unless defense attorneys could show that she was directing or participating in a search.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) More damningly, however, three officials with close knowledge of the case acknowledged that Sanchez was actually beaten and coerced by police investigators into admitting that he had met Aburto before the shooting, a fact he had at first denied.
As Montes's report acknowledgees, however, Miss Gonzalez identified Sanchez as a man she had seen with Aburto days before the assassination after he was put in a lineup that was otherwise filled with the police officers.
I knew better than to suggest that perhaps Reese didn't have to show up several hours before most of the players every single day.
Valera won 11 games and saved four over the past two years with the Angels before his arm gave out.
Segui finished with the third-best fielding percentage at the position in the American League last season before being traded to the Mets after the Orioles signed the free agent first baseman Rafael Palmeiro.
If he'd just be patient, things will work out.'' Segui, who went on the disabled list on June 20 with a sore right hamstring, was informed two days before his eligibility date of July 5 that the Mets wanted him to work out in the outfield in preparation for possible use there.
``We have had citizenship drives before, but it has never tapped this kind of response.'' About two-thirds of the recent surge in enrollees are not residents who qualified under amnesty but people who have been living in the United States ``for a considerable period of time, even before amnesty,'' he said.
Booing Showalter before the game, many turned their caps backward, mocking him.
Piniella, who managed O'Neill at Cincinnati before O'Neill was traded to the Yankees, denied any malicious intent by his pitchers.
Just before the game, he was saying, `It's just around the corner.' I didn't know the corner was so short.'' Baker gave extra credit to batting coach Bobby Bonds, who stayed at Candlestick Park to work with Strawberry during the All-Star break.
Rothenberg said among the schools MLS had talked to were Cal State Northridge, UC Irvine and Long Beach State, though he said the talks with CSUN all had taken place before the Northridge Earthquake.
After being told it was Tuesday, he wondered aloud why he had lifted weights the day before when the sign said running backs lift on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Most questions focused on the feud, after Romario (A) was the only Brazilian not to congratulate Rai; (B) trudged alone to the locker room before any of his teammates; and (C) ducked the interview session.
``They are more calm and confident than they were before.'' Opponents have mentioned few flaws.
Now there is no division.'' If they can be believed -- about their mutual fondness and the future -- Bebeto (age 30) and Romario (28) will be retired before the next World Cup in 1998.
``But we have to win the Cup before they can call us the best.'' 
Against Spain in the quarterfinals, Baggio scored the game-winner in the 88th minute before staking Italy to a 2-0 lead in the semifinal victory against Bulgaria.
That team appeared weak with three first-round ties and was much maligned in its homeland before exploding into form in the Round of 16 thanks to a Juventos star named Paolo Rossi who earlier played with Vincenza.
Wade Boggs and Bernie Williams added run-scoring doubles of their own off Rich Gossage, and the Yankees won, incredibly, 12-8, before a stunned Kingdome crowd of 21,165.
Ayala, up 8-6 and looking unbeatable, was about to notch his 14th save before giving up three straight walks to Don Mattingly, Matt Nokes and Danny Tartabull.
He gave up 7 earned runs and 10 hits before his departure.
Blowers had two of those doubles before his homer.
Fleming withstood two visits to the mound before Milt Hill relieved him.
The back-to-back home runs of Chris Sabo and Rafael Palmeiro in the eighth inning proved to be the difference in a 3-2 Angels loss Thursday night before 18,821 fans at Anaheim Stadium.
In his last victory, at Baltimore just before the break, the veteran left-hander had shut out the Orioles on a complete-game three-hitter.
But Tony La Russa was convinced even before Thursday night's complete game that Clemens was still at the top of his game.
It wasn't long before they ventured into CD-ROM.
It wasn't long before they ventured into CD-ROM.
It wasn't long before they ventured into CD-ROM.
According to Pendleton, the emotional hub for two NL champions in Atlanta and an important piece of two others in St. Louis, he approached Braves management before the 1993 season and again last November to clarify his status.
``At first, John said it would be addressed before this season.
``In Montreal, I was getting looks in the clubhouse like `Get back out there.' But I knew I just couldn't do anything for them,'' says Pendleton, who started 188 consecutive games before June 10.
Quarterback Warren Moon, punter Greg Montgomery and starting defensive ends Sean Jones and William Fuller are gone, and nine-time Pro Bowl offensive guard Mike Munchak is expected to retire before Sunday's check-in.
The question is will they do it, considering they have never taken the easy road before.
For a player to be eligible for the playoffs, he must be on the roster before Sept.
Wouldn't it be novel if Daly got his life under control before he began casting doubts on all around him.
Some hunts could be shorter than the driving time needed to get back and forth to the lodge and hunters just dragging in from a morning's hunt had only a short time for lunch and a quick nap before hitting the road again for the afternoon foray.
Where were these birds before there were cedar trees?
Parents are urged to learn more about the film before taking children.
	Backbeat R 	Meet the Beatles before they were the Beatles in this British film about the birth of the legendary band and the death of Stuart Sutcliffe, the so-called ``Fifth Beatle.'' 	Bad Girls R 	Madeleine Stowe, Andie MacDowell, Drew Barrymore and Mary Stuart Masterson are working girls out West, on the run to Oregon, after Stowe plugs a murderously unruly client.
Hey, I knew about rockets before Al Shepard could even spell the word!'' MORE 
``I want them to quiet down, so I'll really have to get on them.'' But instead of shouting, Bean merely called out: ``Be quiet, now! I've told you that before.'' The dogs kept barking.
Three weeks before Shepard's launch, a Soviet cosmonaut preceded him in space.
When Russian cosmonauts first were able to ``space walk'' on missions before U.S. astronauts, what headline ran in the Soviet newspaper ``Pravda''?
The club head he attached to a tube before hitting the shot was a) a driver b) a three-iron c) a six-iron d) a wedge 20.
Fast forward to July 1994, a few weeks before what many consider Mexico's most important presidential election since the 1910 revolution: Zabludosvky and Televisa's owner Emilio Azcarraga -- Forbes magazine says he's worth at least $5.4 billion -- are the subject of searing criticism from Mexico's opposition party leaders and pro-democracy activists, who have charged for months that the network is promoting the candidacy of Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon.
The vendors are going to have less leverage than they ever had before.'' Wendy Tanaka of the San Francisco Examiner staff contributed to this report.
``Many of our instructors were competitive hockey players, speed skaters or ice skaters before taking up in-line skating,'' Ms. Aaron said.
SPANISH PHONE SALES STAFF IN SAN FRANCISCO OIS LAID OFF SAN FRANCISCO  (BC-SPANISH-PHONE-LAYOFFS-HNS) A San Francisco-based Sprint subsidiary that sells telephone services to Spanish speakers suddenly shut down and laid off all 235 employees, just one week before most were going to vote on joining a labor union.
They circled the moon 10 times before returning to Earth on Dec.
Cohen said that before the United States attempts to tackle a moon base, it must complete its decade-old plan to build a space station and develop a constellation of unmanned satellites that closely monitor the Earth and its environment.
Just last month, Microsoft kicked off a massive testing cycle aimed at hammering out the bugs, adding additional features here and there and making critical compatibility tweaks, all with the hope that it might deliver a finished product to customers before the end of the year.
Microsoft officials insist they will not ship Chicago before it is absolutely stable, and in recent public statements company officials appear to be hedging on the original schedule.
But whenever it finally happens, Microsoft's Chicago launching promises to be like nothing the computer industry has seen before.
``Many of our instructors were competitive hockey players, speed skaters or ice skaters before taking up in-line skating,'' Ms. Aaron said.
'' Then, just before he left for Woodstock, he was stunned as news of the Manson murders in California began to take up the headlines.
Feeding a piece of paper into a slit in the scanner, the sheet hurries through, its contents appearing instantly on the screen before him.
Just months after Christopher Buckley had finished his book on the politics of the tobacco lobby, cigarette company executives stood before a congressional committee, took oaths and testified there was no link between smoking and cancer as far as they knew.
The White House declined comment on the Senate action, which must be approved by the House before taking effect.
Cohen said that before the United States attempts to tackle a moon base, it must complete its decade-old plan to build a space station and develop a constellation of unmanned satellites that closely monitor the Earth and its environment.
They circled the moon 10 times before returning to Earth on Dec.
Visit the city council chambers, but leave before the session generates too much hot air.
The sight of a self-absorbed Kim wiping tears before his father's bier last week did little to calm an anxious world.
The advisory from the Ulster County health department suggests: -- Schedule routine doctor appointments before Aug.
Please, somebody arrest these guys before it's too late.
Roast chicken in preheated 325-degree oven 2 1/2 to 3 hours, removing foil about 45 minutes before end of roasting to brown chicken.
Measured by cash flow (earnings before depreciation, interest and taxes) per employee, European productivity will be up by 36.9 percent at the end of 1995 compared with 1989, according to the bank.
The White House declined comment on the Senate action, which must be approved by the House before taking effect.
Anthropologists do research using a method known as participant observation, meaning they go someplace where people are doing things and ask them why before offering an interpretation.
By most economic assessments, that means finding some 40 trillion lira (around $26 billion) before the end of next year to hold the budget deficit down to 150 trillion lira (around $100 billion).
28 the park opens at 9 a.m.) and Meg ran straight to Mr. MacIntosh's Fruit Store in the Sesame Neighborhood where she made a big production of selecting and weighing the fake fruit before tumbling out and climbing on the fire engine outside Sesame Street Engine House No. 1.
``This would be like the admiral at Pearl Harbor deciding to have a meeting before he did anything,'' said Michael Boyd, president of Aviation Systems Research Corp.
Cosmic dust and small meteors bombard Earth's atmosphere constantly but burn up before reaching the planet.
Each manufacturer hires an independent laboratory to test whether its product meets the 20 pages of government safety standards before going to market.
In an interview, Chopp, Babystar's president and chief executive, defended the seat and his failure to do anything more than advise retailers to inform customers to check the air before each use.
Clinton called Syrian President Hafez Assad to tell him of the Jordan-Israel conference before publicly announcing the meeting, Christopher said.
3 before the Senate Judiciary subcommittee on immigration and refugee affairs.
3 before the Senate Judiciary subcommittee on immigration and refugee affairs.
But will workers look out for themselves before the company?
``And of course never before have we lived through times so closely aligned as between Porfirio and Salinas, times of excessive economic growth that comes at the expense of the poor.'' Krauze is undeterred by the criticism.
Cargo capacity is rated at 17.4 cubic feet, and while that seems ample, the trunk's long-but-shallow configuration means you have to think before you load.
-- Never have I fallen from a catwalk under sniper fire and managed to grab the all-important microfilm right before I plunged to what looks like certain death.
It's called ``His Girl Friday'' and it captures the kind of newsrooms we worked in before carpets and cubicles and computers.
The Environmental Protection Agency says that cars built before 1980 are responsible for 86 percent of automobile emissions.
Douglas MacArthur's staff in Japan before returning to the museum in New York as a full-time staff archeologist.
Berlusconi has made similar threats before, apparently calculating that new elections would strengthen his grip on power.
The decree that sparked the uproar prevents investigators from ordering the preventive detention of suspects in corruption cases and bars reporters from identifying corruption suspects before judicial inquiries are complete.
Investigators also began leaking suspects' names, often before formal charges were brought, in an effort to increase pressure on suspects.
He was speaking before Berlusconi's threat to resign.
Two men get about 50 yards beyond the border before they are accosted by the soldiers, including two women.
Yes, the bookies who listed Watson at 66-1 before the British Open began are quivering.
Two under par is exactly the score Watson and Nicklaus had after two rounds in 1977 before staging their memorable head-to-head duel in the sun.
CARNER, 55, STAYS COMPETITIVE NEW ROCHELLE, N.Y.  (BC-GLF-LPGA-BIG-APPLE-400&Add-NYT) The players on the Ladies Professional Golf Association tour call her ``Big Momma.'' That's understandable since JoAnne Carner was already winning tournaments before many of them were born.
``It was a great second shot right under the trees to the right and on to the green,'' said Carner who in 1969, the year before she turned pro, became the last amateur to win an LPGA event.
CARNER, 55, STAYS COMPETITIVE NEW ROCHELLE, N.Y.  (BC-GLF-LPGA-BIG-APPLE-400&Add-NYT) The players on the Ladies Professional Golf Association tour call her ``Big Momma.'' That's understandable since JoAnne Carner was already winning tournaments before many of them were born.
``It was a great second shot right under the trees to the right and on to the green,'' said Carner who in 1969, the year before she turned pro, became the last amateur to win an LPGA event.
In a revolution in American farming, the centuries-old method of plowing the fields, turning the earth completely before planting, is going the way of draft horses.
The majority of farmers still till the land before planting, using a chisel plow, which turns a portion of the ground over, or by disking, which cuts up plant residue and incorporates it into the topsoil.
Montgomery's father said he sometimes dreamed about life before the plow.
``I remember when I was a boy and this old farmer was telling me what the prairie looked like before it was broken up,'' he said, gazing toward the horizon.
Two and a half hours is a vast stretch of time for a Wall Street stock trader, whose concept of long-term planning is deciding which turn to make before the traffic light changes.
Having worked on planning for two years before the games began -- an effort that involved coordinating with 40 federal, state and local law enforcement agencies -- Pasadena police found it easy to keep the peace at the Rose Bowl.
Earlier this week, the Semiconductor Industry Association reported that chip orders fell 2 percent and the book-to-bill ratio fell 4 percent in June from the month before.
Most people believe that the House and the Senate must pass health care legislation before their four-week recess begins in mid-August if any plan at all is to become law this year.
One was a 62-year-old farmer, Louise Mastowski, who said she could no longer afford insurance and feared that she would fall ill before becoming eligible for Medicare.
The decision removes a big hurdle for AT&T and makes it likely that the merger can be completed on schedule before the end of September.
The two principals have met before and more than once, though in secret, as was always the case with encounters between Hussein and Israeli leaders going back three decades.
Also, his planned appearance with the Israeli leader before a joint meeting of the U.S. Congress may complete his political rehabilitation in Washington, where some still resent him for having supported Iraq in the Persian Gulf war three years ago.
The White House held out no expectations on Friday that Hussein and Rabin would actually sign a formal peace agreement during their meeting, and administration officials said Clinton had telephoned President Hafez Assad of Syria before announcing the meeting to assure the Syrian leader that the United States was not trying to isolate him.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.) The Israeli-Jordanian encounter had not been expected to take place before fall at the earliest, and officials in Washington, Amman, and Jerusalem portrayed its acceleration Friday as a turning point.
Saying that Rabin and Hussein would also appear before a joint meeting of Congress during their visit, Clinton said he was committed ``to do everything I can to make certain that all the peoples of the region realize the blessings of peace that have been denied too long to them.'' While Israel and Jordan agreed to a broad framework for a peace accord last September, a final agreement between them has been postponed by Hussein to allow time for Syria to pursue its own negotiations.
The encounter, which will include a session in the Oval Office, will come a day before Congress begins its public hearings on the Whitewater matter.
Even before Friday, Jordan had abandoned its public aloofness by agreeing to begin direct talks with Israel, first with a border meeting next Monday.
Fifteen minutes later, according to the statement, when an assistant to Bob Gutkowski, the Garden's president, reached Campbell in his car 20 minutes before the news conference, ``Mr. Campbell disconnected the call when he learned that it was Mr. Gutkowski.'' ``Madison Square Garden is stunned by the capricious actions of Mr. Keenan and his agent, Mr. Campbell,'' the statement concluded, ``and will take all necessary actions to preserve all of its rights.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
He left the Blackhawks in a huff during a contract dispute at the beginning of the 1992-93 season and spent a year as a broadcaster before the Rangers hired him last summer.
``I think the stadiums in the NFL have gotten awfully sterile.'' First, he said, it's clear from the soccer games that ``fans can be excited and passionate before a game ever starts.'' Second, Madden said, the World Cup has shown that stadiums can be decorated and fans can be encouraged to create a party atmosphere during the games.
Jamison was in Kansas City on Friday undergoing a physical exam before returning to the Detroit area.
I knew it would be nip and tuck all the way, reading about all the hand-wringing before the event: Could U.S. citizens withstand this monthlong takeover of their boob tube by superstars they've never heard of, playing a game the audience needs explained?
Ronnie Soilberry was earning $147 a week as a maintenance worker before the flood waters inundated his home.
Or I was, before this hit.'' (STORY CAN END HERE.
The team arrived on May 26, about a month before the games began.
The team arrived on May 26, about a month before the games began.
Even before the event gets started, some alarmists are pointing to Shoemaker-Levy 9 as a warning that the Earth could perish unless it gets cracking on a Star Wars defense to blast approaching comets and asteroids off course.
I love the sun and the beach.'' Just before departing for the United States, he went out on the town, then showed up at a media gathering unshaven and red-eyed.
Two months ago, Romario's father was kidnapped and held for $7 million ransom for six days before being released.
The 18-member Judiciary Committee is expected to vote on the nomination next week under an expedited procedure that will allow the full Senate to vote on the confirmation before the end of the month.
The commission had investigated Microsoft for three years before dropping the case last August after the commissioners remained deadlocked over whether to bring charges against the company.
Bingaman, has been eager to reach a firm decision on the Microsoft case before the end of the month, in part because that would be the one-year anniversary of the Justice Department's investigation.
He refused to take a sobriety test and spent about six hours in jail before posting a $500 bond.
In a broadcast monitored early Saturday morning by South Korea's government, North Korea said that it was postponing the funeral from Sunday until Tuesday to allow more mourners to pay their respects to the ``Great Leader.'' But the announcement, coming the day before the funeral, raised questions in South Korea.
In a raid before dawn on Friday, the police swooped onto the campus of Chonnam National University in the city of Kwangju and confiscated a secret altar for mourning Kim Il Sung, complete with his photograph, an incense burner and 20 black ribbons.
On June 21, a department Board of Rights panel spent a few hours deliberating before declaring Briseno guilty of wrongdoing in the March 3, 1991, beating of King in the Los Angeles area of Lake View Terrace.
``We have one more problem, and it is Donadoni,'' Coach Arrigo Sacchi of Italy said here Friday morning before putting his team through practice at nearby Loyola Marymount University.
``You'll have to wait two years before that obstacle is gone.'' 
Also Friday, KCBS-TV (Channel 2) retracted a report it broadcast Wednesday and Thursday asserting that Deputy District Attorney Marcia Clark was present at Simpson's home before a search warrant was obtained by police.
The initial report said that was 17 minutes before the warrant was issued by a judge at 10:45 a.m. KCBS said Friday that it was no longer be certain the tape was made at 10:28 a.m. -- that in fact the time stamp may have been made at 10:28 p.m., when the tape was fed back to the station's studio.
``We are constantly seeking fairness and justice in all the cases we prosecute.'' If Clark had helped search the estate before the warrant was issued, legal experts suggested it could have fueled defense efforts to have evidence seized at the mansion excluded from trial.
Several days after the murders but before Simpson was charged, police sources told the Los Angeles Daily News that a military-style entrenching tool resembling a sharp-edged shovel was believed to have been used in the killings.
Of the six NHL franchises before expansion nearly nearly three decades ago, the Red Wings, who last won the Stanley Cup in 1955, now have replaced the Rangers as the team that has endured the longest drought without champagne in hockey's silver punch bowl.
Scripts will, however, ``be screened by the United States before they go on the air,'' he said.
His decision to hold Friday's news conference came at such short notice that his sister -- who lives minutes away from Keenan's off-season residence in Ontario and is as close to him as anyone -- found out about the announcement via a message Keenan left on her answering machine a few hours before he met the news media.
I just ask him to give Brazil the World Cup, and it will be my dream come true.'' If Americans did not realize it before, the last four weeks have made it abundantly clear: Soccer is much more than recreation in Brazil.
Yes, the bookies who listed Watson at 66-1 before the British Open began are quivering.
Two under par is exactly the score Watson and Nicklaus had after two rounds in 1977 before staging their memorable head-to-head duel in the sun.
``But before you can sell this thing you have to make it salable,'' he said.
When he last faced the Padres, two weeks earlier in San Diego, Jones was staked to a 7-0 lead after seven innings, before his relievers barely held on for a 10-7 Mets victory.
In a broadcast monitored early Saturday by South Korea's government, North Korea said it was postponing the funeral from Sunday until Tuesday to allow more mourners to pay their respects to the ``Great Leader.'' However, the announcement, coming only a day before the funeral was set to begin, raised questions in South Korea about whether Kim Jong Il, the son and chosen successor of the late dictator, was having trouble consolidating his power.
Or, it is possible he might want the succession to be announced before the funeral and needs more time.
In a raid before dawn on Friday, the police swooped onto the campus of Chonnam National University in Kwangju and confiscated a secret altar for mourning Kim Il Sung, complete with his photograph, an incense burner and 20 black ribbons.
He had a poor season for Parma before a transfer to Reggiana, where he saved his club from relegation by shutting out AC Milan 1-0.
 (BC-BBA-ANGELS-NOTES-LADN) When Mark Leiter lost his job in the Angels' starting rotation -- in May, just before manager Buck Rodgers was dumped for Marcel Lachemann -- he said he'd try to make the best of the situation and hope to pitch his way back into a role of prominence.
He earned his first save of the season just before the All-Star break.
By contrast, Grahe has been scored on in three of five July appearances (in the process yielding nine hits in 31/3 innings) and blew a save in shellshocking fashion just before the break.
The first Beach Soccer Challenge was held before some 5,000 fans, combining the flag-waving spirit of the World Cup with bikinis, tank tops and shorts.
When Jones last faced the Padres, two weeks earlier in San Diego, Jones was staked to a 7-0 lead after seven innings, before his relievers barely held on for a 10-7 Mets victory.
So it was with no small degree of dissatisfaction that the Dodgers emerged Friday with only a split of their doubleheader before 58,247 at Veterans Stadium.
No reason for that to happen.'' Knuckleballer Tom Candiotti (7-4) handled the Phillies a little better in the second game, as he allowed one run on four hits in six innings before tiring in the 90-degree heat and 90-percent humidity and asking to come out.
He was starting to do the things he could do before he got injured, even with the shoulder.'' Rathman becomes the latest 49ers veteran to leave for the Raiders.
``I knew those were wetlands being filled in because the apple orchard started getting flooded along the river and that hadn't happened before,'' Thornton said.
Not being on the same page ``will'' bring the house down and you might as well do something about it before that happens.'' He said you two had gotten off the same page and you both knew it.
 (BC-SOC-ITALY-LADN) It was the big question of the day around the Italian soccer team two days before the World Cup: How is Roberto Baggio?
The deal had been all but concluded on Wednesday, but the Giants then made another offer to Oates, who thought it over for another day before deciding to commit to the 49ers.
Italy needed a late goal against Nigeria to force overtime in the second round before advancing and then beat Spain and Bulgaria by 2-1 scores.
In 1988, he became coach of Saudi Arabia's national team and stayed there until 1990, when he returned to the United Arab Emirates just before the World Cup.
While they were reeling from a loss to McDonald and preparing their flinch for today's date with Mussina, Fernandez tagged them with a 9-2 defeat before 18,886 fans.
He struck out eight before calling it a night.
Immediately before the fateful pitch, pitching coach Chuck Hernandez made a visit to the mound with plate umpire Mike Reilly, inquiring as to whether Leftwich was injured.
Against Joe Magrane, they sent five men to the plate -- and three men across it -- before Magrane got the first out of the inning.
Then Scott Cooper was behind Eckersley 0-2, before delivering a single on a 3-2 pitch.
The demonstrations were intended not for confrontation, but for education, ``so that people can be inoculated against this kind of xenophobia before going into the movie,'' said Ibrahim Hooper, of the Council on American-Islamic Relations here.
Over coffee at her Kips Bay apartment, the former television and theatrical producer explained the behavior that led some women to complain they had nothing to wear as they stood before closets full of clothes.
They don't want to appear indecisive before their husbands or their friends.
Others might be holding on to things they had before they changed shape.
``Like God made a covenant with Israel, let us make a covenant here today,'' the consul general, Colette Avital, said, speaking on Sunday before several hundred congregants packed into the First Baptist Church on Eastern Parkway in Brooklyn, less than a mile away from the epicenter of the 1992 Crown Heights riots.
From the beginning, the Pope has aggressively sought out vehicles to reach the rank-and-file in the pews and beyond, whether that involved regularly jetting off to speak before vast audiences of the faithful or occasionally using satellite link-ups to address special groups, like Catholic youth.
Breyer finished his three days before the Senate Judiciary Committee last week.
It is often forgotten that even before Anita Hill's last-minute charges of sexual harassment obscured a fierce debate over ideology, the Judiciary Committee had refused to endorse Judge Thomas, sending his name to the full Senate only on a 7-to-7 tie vote.
Human rights officials say that long before last April, the army was training Hutu extremist militias and directing small massacres of Tutsis.
FARMERS FIND A NEW SCIENTIFIC INTIMACY WITH THE LAND  (BC-FARM-REVIEW-NYT) -- Wendell Berry in ``From the Crest'' What Wendell Berry, who farms the Kentucky hillside with a horse and plow, celebrates in his poetry is being proven more dramatically than ever before by American farmers.
Then he became president and invaded Panama, crushed Iraq and, before the economy went south, reigned as the most popular leader in opinion-polling history.
Americans have always followed spectacular crime, from the Lindbergh baby kidnapping to the Charles Manson murders, but never before, it seems, with such passion or such patience.
Through negotiations between Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization that got under way in Cairo last week, virtually the entire West Bank could catch up before long.
``No leader or great man in the world can match his leadership.'' ``We have not seen anything, nor are we aware of anything, that is inconsistent with a pattern that points to a Kim Jong Il succession,'' State Department spokesman Michael McCurry said before the funeral was postponed.
The sight of a self-absorbed Kim wiping tears before his father's bier last week did little to calm an anxious world.
It may be decades, or even longer, before anyone establishes lunar bases or sets out for Mars.
Dr. Wernher von Braun, the rocket scientist, wrote to Vice President Johnson: ``We have a sporting chance of sending a three-man crew around the Moon ahead of the Soviets.'' He added that the United States had ``an excellent chance of beating the Soviets to the first landing of a crew on the Moon (including return capability, of course).'' In a famous address to Congress on May 25, President Kennedy declared, ``I believe that this nation should commit itself to achieving the goal, before this decade is out, of landing a man on the Moon and returning him safely to Earth.'' The project had its critics, who thought the money could be better spent on domestic needs or complained of its marginal scientific and military benefits.
Webb, the politically skilled leader of NASA in the 1960's, not long before Webb's death in 1992.
After all, he noted, it was 50 years after Magellan made the first crossing of the Pacific before the Spanish finally managed to go back in 1571 and establish a permanent base on the other side, at Manila.
The lives of the three astronauts of Apollo 11, before and after the first lunar-landing mission, serve as case studies testing this proposition.
In news accounts before the Moon flight, Armstrong was described as an exceedingly reserved man who surrounded himself with walls of shyness, modesty and self-possession.
No wonder I was in trouble.'' Even before Apollo 11, associates spoke of Mr. Aldrin's perfectionism, which made him so demanding of himself, perhaps as demanding as he sensed his father was.
``It means our life is finally going to get back to the way it was before Jan.
I'd heard about virtual reality and I was fascinated.'' Kidder and the 30 or so other actors performed, alone, before a blue screen; the digitized footage later was dropped into computer generated sets.
SBA officials blame the high denial rate on the recession, which hurt many people's finances even before the earthquake.
``They haven't had a chance to do this -- they were in a penitentiary, and before that they were on drugs.'' Later in the week, five other parolees would speak to members of a Granada Hills church about steps to take to prevent burglary, auto theft, assault and rape.
``No one has ever combined nonfiction with humor before, and then given it a political edge and a definite point of view,'' Moore said.
On an average, Hollywood makes 40 percent of its annual box-office gross from just before Memorial Day to Labor Day.
Neither actor had been considered much of a ticket-selling force before that bus hit 50 mph.
And it probably will continue to until next spring -- just before all the TV updates and the hippie remembrance films inspired by this summer's successes hit the market.
It didn't happen in 1969, back before the dozens of news shows -- legitimate and otherwise -- before 24-hour news channels and the capability of every TV station in America to send its own crew to do live reports.
``I thought I got everything that belonged to my brother out before,'' she said of the American flag, still neated folded in its plastic bag, that once graced her brother's coffin.
Plant said she had never experienced heart problems before Jan.
He did, however, find a new, unopened toothbrush he bought just before the earthquake.
``His wife had died a few months before the earthquake, they loved each other so much,'' she said.
One of his nephews cut a piece of the hardwood floor before the home was demolished to save as a memento, and a rock fishpond and part of a fireplace that now sits in the backyard also will be salvaged and incorporated into the new home, said Di Pilla.
``You just have to think positive.'' -- YOLANDA GONZALEZ Yolanda Gonzalez and her family moved into their Sylmar dream home just three months before the Northridge Earthquake -- a four-bedroom tri-level with three bathrooms and a view in the perfect neighborhood.
For a short time, they were right -- ridership on the Metrolink commuter trains soared from barely 1,000 a day before the quake to a post-quake high of 22,385.
Bohlinger said her biggest worry involves funding for the extension of the Metro Red Line into Hollywood -- which must be finished before the line can be extended to the Valley.
It's as if our humanity were eroding right before our eyes.
But before the season began, the staffs of the Atlanta Braves and the Chicago White Sox were considered an exception to the epidemic.
The same can't necessarily be said for Fleming, who before this season had a 30-15 record in the major leagues.
Meet With Arafat Women from the various political groups have joined forces to press their issues before the nascent Palestinian authority, taking their case to Yasser Arafat, chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization.
The same can't necessarily be said for Fleming, who before this season had a 30-15 record in the major leagues.
But rightfully, Brazil had to struggle before it even qualified for this World Cup, and so did Italy.
Webb, the politically skilled leader of NASA in the 1960's, not long before Webb's death in 1992.
After all, he noted, it was 50 years after Magellan made the first crossing of the Pacific before the Spanish finally managed to go back in 1571 and establish a permanent base on the other side, at Manila.
Boyer said that Richard's biological father began trying to win custody when the baby was less than 3 months old, before the adoption was finalized, and that he continued to appeal the adoption.
``Should biology come before whatever psychological needs the child might have to a continuation of the relationship the child has established with his adoptive parents?'' he said.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Saturday was Indurain's 30th birthday and he celebrated before the stage by posing, in an annual ritual, with a big cake as platoons of photographers, in another annual ritual, trod on well-wishers.
It is reminding people of why we rose up against the military before.
Against them, I affirm the principles of civilization and liberty, even at the risk of unpopularity.'' Under Italian law, the decree may remain in force for 60 days before Parliament has to ratify or reject it.
On the other hand, Reneberg and Palmer had played just two tournaments together and were making their Davis Cup debut as a team before an estimated 8,000 Dutch partisans.
Where Baggio married quietly and took a villa next to his parents, Romario married on the penalty spot of a soccer stadium before a live television audience.
``I know I am a difficult guy,'' Romario said before the World Cup.
An indifferent student, Baggio said in an interview before the World Cup that as a kid he dreamed of scoring the winning goal in the 90th minute of the World Cup final.
Against Bulgaria in the semifinals, Baggio produced two early goals before limping off with a balky hamstring.
His mother died when he was 7, and he was evacuated to Manchuria during the Korean War before being sent to a school for the children of the elite in Pyongyang.
(Yuzhin says that as a result of Ames's debriefings by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, he has learned that Ames was in fact the one who betrayed him, a finding that the FBI will not publicly confirm.) Arrested in Moscow in late 1986 and somehow escaping the usual death sentence for treason, he suffered a harsh gulag imprisonment of five years before winning amnesty, along with the last group of Soviet political prisoners, from the Russian president, Boris Yeltsin.
RWANDANS IN A RACE AGAINST TIME TO REACH BORDER GISENYI, Rwanda  (BC-RWANDA-2TAKES-ART-NYT) In this border town, once a gracious spa favored by Rwanda's rich and powerful, hundreds of weary and dirty families were camped on Saturday, waiting until they can cross the border, hoping to flee the country before the arrival of rebel troops, who are only 10 miles away.
On the Rwandan side of the border on Saturday, Rwandan men in civilian clothes and brandishing automatic rifles -- which means they are probably part of one of the Hutu militias believed to be responsible for the killings of tens of thousands of Tutsi in the last few months -- confiscated machetes from peasants before they were allowed to continue the last 100 yards into Zaire.
Bizimungu has agreed to a cease-fire, but the Rwandan Patriotic Front wants certain conditions met before it agrees to stop fighting.
MICROSOFT ANTITRUST ACCORD LOOSENS ITS GRIP ON SOFTWARE WASHINGTON  (BC-MICROSOFT-MONOPOLY-550&ADD-NYT) Microsoft Corp., which thus far has reigned as the premier creator of software for personal computers, bowed before U.S. antitrust regulators Saturday and agreed to immediately abandon a number of important licensing practices, which the government said had smothered competition.
An opposition member of the National Assembly called the measure, whose legality has been questioned but which was eagerly and immediately welcomed by government officials, as a ``design by the coup makers to squander the coffers of the state before they pack their bags.'' But the main consequence of the flood of crisp new bills that are expected to begin appearing any day now will be to accelerate inflation.
Last year, Chapman led an inner-city recruiting drive that attracted tens of thousands of candidates, more than ever before, to take the entrance exam.
``All the training, all the good supervision in the world cannot make up for the life experiences of a black officer in understanding the life and culture of people in the black community.'' New York's low representation of blacks begins before the police force entrance exam.
Partly to improve black officers' chances for promotion, the department keeps its list of candidates who have passed the tests for years before scrapping the lists and giving other officers the tests and a chance at promotion.
Marsden, director of the Central Bureau for Astronomical Telegrams in Cambridge, Mass., said that no one had spotted the comet impact and that he doubted any fragment expected to hit before Monday would be large enough to cause visible effects.
But other experts predicted that the comet fragments would disperse before impact and have virtually no observable effects.
The same group reported that images of the fragments showed them becoming elongated in the direction of Jupiter, suggesting that they may be completely pulled apart by the planet's gravity before they rain down on its colorful cloud tops.
Last week, Dr. Willy Benz, an astronomer at the University of Arizona, reported calculations showing that Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 was probably a ``rubble pile'' of ``hundreds if not thousands'' of small snowballs before it broke up.
Zoeller, Watson, and Price all have won major championships before.
If it comes in Italy, it will come just before midnight and rumble through the ancient streets of cities like Florence, Milan and Ravenna.
The team arrived on May 26, about a month before the games began.
The team arrived on May 26, about a month before the games began.
The masked rebel leader who calls himself Subcommander Marcos said in an interview with the newspaper La Jornada that ``there are armed groups in various parts of the country'' and that violence could erupt if there is not enough progress in creating ``a democratic opening'' in Mexico before the election.
EDITORIAL: PATCHING UP HEALTH CARE  (BC-EDIT-HEALTHCARE-NYT) The New York Times said in an editorial on Sunday, July 17: Richard Gephardt, the House majority leader, and George Mitchell, the Senate majority leader, face a fiendishly difficult job as they try to fashion health care legislation from the partial and contradictory committee bills now before them.
If Congress is to pass reform before elections, each chamber must approve a bill before summer vacation starts Aug.
Joe Ausanio's ability to dodge trouble over the final two innings gave the 29-year-old right-hander his first major-league victory before a disbelieving crowd of 22,979 at the Kingdome.
``The guys before that had more to do with it.
For all its oceanic perils, Turnberry is not the kind of British Open course the Scots had in mind when the tournament began a year before the first shots of the American Civil War were fired.
Midfielder Tomas Brolin scored one goal and set up two others with perfect assists as Sweden dominated the Bulgarians before a surprisingly large crowd of 83,716 at the Rose Bowl.
Romario announced two revelations before the Cup.
But she struck her left knee, and stayed down for several moments before getting up carefully and going to the ambulance that trails the field in every race.
A good mortgage broker will even make a prior credit check and help the borrower clear up any problem areas before the credit record is seen by a lender.
Yet with only a scant history to fall back on, many people aren't even sure of the questions they should be asking before selecting a broker or how to recognize honesty from sleaze.
Michael Hoogendyk, executive vice president of the National Association of Mortgage Brokers, warned against using a broker who demands an upfront fee before providing specifics on the total cost to the borrower for the loan and the terms of the loan.
``But don't wait a month before asking for a progress report,'' said Ms. Papson.
``I only missed one green -- the 17th -- but I still got up and down for par,'' said Daniel who had gone through 62 tournaments without a victory before winning the Corning Classic in late May.
With Sweden getting all its goals before intermission, the only suspense left in the game in the second half was whether Stoichkov, the Bulgarian star, would get a goal in the burning midday sun and perhaps become the tournament's leading scorer.
But they scored a surprising 2-0 victory over Argentina in the last game of the first round and shocked the soccer world with their 2-1 triumph over defending-champion Germany in the quarterfinals before losing to Italy in the semifinals.
Miami actually made it to three consecutive Super Bowls but lost its first waltz to the Cowboys in Super Bowl VI before returning to win the next two.
Keenan ended the rumors before Game 7 of the Stanley Cup finals, between the Rangers and the Vancouver Canucks, by denying he had plans to join the Red Wings.
Washington abided by this fiction both before and after it switched U.S. recognition from Nationalist Taiwan to the communist mainland in 1979.
But other experts predicted that the comet fragments would disperse before impact and have virtually no observable effects.
The same group reported that images of the fragments showed them becoming elongated in the direction of Jupiter, suggesting that they may be completely pulled apart by the planet's gravity before they rain down on its colorful cloud tops.
Last week, Dr. Willy Benz, an astronomer at the University of Arizona, reported calculations showing that Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 was probably a ``rubble pile'' of ``hundreds if not thousands'' of small snowballs before it broke up.
It might have been a prouder moment had Bolivia not lost three of its best players before Sanchez stepped on the field that day.
Catch some before it leaves.
An immediate hint of trouble was an exhibition loss to the L.A. Salsa in a warmup match days before opening ceremonies.
In the most entertaining match of the event, Holland erased a 2-0 hole against the world's most dangerous team before losing 3-2 on a Branco free kick.
As the tournament progressed, Brazil detractors kept saying, ``They haven't played anybody.'' To date, only Sweden has faced Brazil and not lost, tying it 1-1 on June 28 before losing 1-0 in Wednesday's semifinal rematch.
COST OF A STRIKE MIGHT BE DEFECTION OF FANS  (BC-BBO-COLUMN-DALEY-LADN) Bud Selig and Donald Fehr each paraded among the media throng on the field before Tuesday's All-Star Game, feigning exasperation as they eagerly repeated their rhetoric to any reporter unfortunate enough to wander by with a notebook or tape recorder and 45 minutes to spare.
``Hopefully it won't happen, but we'll see what the next couple of weeks bring.'' Texas first baseman Will Clark said he hoped a stoppage would be avoided, especially since the Rangers lead the AL West, but added, ``Painful or not, a lot of people sacrificed a lot of things before me to let me get where I am.
At least not before testing each other's resolve through the eighth work stoppage in 22 years.
The majority of the same questions being played out today were played out before.
Ask yourself this: Are you buying O.J. Simpson memorabilia, photos and souvenirs because you are a giant fan of O.J. Simpson and just haven't gotten around to buying it before?
The games averaged crowds of 67,813, with the U.S.-Romania match drawing 93,869, largest attendance of this World Cup before today's anticipated sellout.
Local organizers explained that ticket returns as late as 48 hours before kickoff by some corporate sponsors and national soccer federations caused the situation.
OFFICER IN STANDOFF SUBDUED WITH DART GUN NEW YORK  (BC-NY-POLICE-STANDOFF-NYT) A highly agitated police officer held dozens of other officers at bay during a two-hour standoff at his garden apartment in Queens County on Saturday morning, firing shotgun blasts out of the window before finally being stunned by electrified darts and subdued, the police said.
In the rush to compare CART to Nascar, Indy-car racing's critics overlook why CART was formed in the first place: the U.S. Auto Club, which ran the series before and will oversee the Indy Racing League's events, was steering Indy-car racing into a wall.
Did it start with the Chinese, long before the birth of Christ?
Construction costs came to $750,000 -- about 25 percent less than it would have cost to have a similar house stick-built, Lambert said, adding that he had gone to several local architects to get quotes before deciding to purchase a modular.
Garcetti has been criticized by Shapiro and others for making comments on the case on at least six national television appearances before Simpson's arraignment.
Romario announced two revelations before the Cup.
``We were all in this together before, we're all in this together now, and nobody -- not the guys who are here now or the guys who were here last year -- is some kind of genius,'' Lacewell said.
But some of the now-needed depth was already in place -- and is still in place thanks to the fact Jones was budget-minded even before the league mandated it.
Even before Sweden transformed itself into something of a Westhead Loyola team, winning Saturday's World Cup third-place game over Bulgaria 4-0, things were getting crazy in Andersson's hometown.
Bulgaria, an upstart that was winless in 16 World Cup games before coming to the United States, had to play Italy in New Jersey in Wednesday's semifinals, losing 2-1.
Team doctor Andrea Ferretti said that the possibility of Italy's top goal scorer being at full strength for the match ``looks very positive'' but it won't be known for sure if he will play until starting lineups are announced one hour before the match.
As Bulgaria showed in the third-place game on Saturday, a team that has spent the whole tournament on the East Coast can run into problems having to make a transcontinental flight just before playing a match.
It will be business as usual at the majority of sports bars around the San Fernando Valley, with doors opening well before the match's scheduled 12:35 p.m. start and owners expecting sizable turnouts.
Bulgaria coach Dmitri Penev, who said ``our guys wanted it for Stoitchkov,'' conceded that his team played like the ``medals were passed out before the game.'' Bulgaria midfielder Yordan Letchkov differed with his coach, calling a plan for setting up Stoitchkov ``nonsense.'' ``We play to win,'' Letchkov said.
``We'd never won a game before.
Brazil was coached by Mario Zagalo, an assistant to Carlos Alberto Parreira on the 1994 team, who took over the team two months before the tournament.
``Today they were too much tired,'' Bulgaria coach Dimitar Penev said of his players, who earned the first four World Cup victories in their country's history before losing 1-0 to Italy in Wednesday's semifinal in New Jersey.
The result was Tomas Brolin's scoring header in the eighth minute, and then a three-goal blitz right before halftime.
George Altman played only three months with the Kansas City Monarchs before going to the major leagues for a nine-year career, yet he receives autograph requests related to his time in the Negro Leagues.
One picture shows how portable lights were moved from one stadium to another (Negro Leaguers played games under the lights before the major leagues picked up on it).
HERSHISHER'S INJURY MAY BE (VERY) COSTLY PHILADELPHIA  (BC-BBN-DODGERS-NOTES-LADN) It was an interesting question to ponder Saturday night, when Dodgers pitcher Orel Hershiser was in the starting lineup for the top of the first inning against Philadelphia, was staked to a 1-0 lead, then left before throwing a pitch to the Phillies because of a muscle strain under his left rib cage.
He would have skipped that 20-minute pregame run and exercise work he does the day before a start, for example.
He deserves to be closely marked inside the (penalty) zone.'' Whatever the result is, it will be the one mystery of this World Cup final that won't be known until an hour before kickoff.
Yeomans and astronomer Robert Jastrow, director of the Mount Wilson Observatory, gave brief talks before a private gathering at Mount Wilson as dusk deepened.
Calculations by astrophysicists revealed that the comet once had been a single piece that probably circled the sun for eons before being captured by Jupiter's enormous gravity.
We have two very good teams behind us.'' The Dodgers looked like anything but a division leader Saturday, starting from the ominous moment Hershiser left the mound before throwing a pitch to the opposition.
A quick rubdown in the training room helped, but when he tried warming up before the bottom of the first, he felt more pain and walked off the mound.
``I didn't think I should push it.'' Neither did team trainers, who will reassess Hershiser today before deciding whether the muscle strain is severe enough to land Hershiser on the disabled list.
``(Today) we should get a better idea how severe it's going to be.'' While Hershiser was coming into the clubhouse to stay, Martinez was finishing the exercise regimen he goes through the day before he is scheduled to start, which on Saturday included a 20-minute pregame run in the stifling heat and humidity that smothers Philadelphia in July.
``Today they were too much tired,'' Bulgaria coach Dimitar Penev said of his players, who earned the first four World Cup victories in their country's history before losing 2-1 to Italy in Wednesday's semifinal in New Jersey.
The result was Tomas Brolin's scoring header in the eighth minute, and then a three-goal blitz right before halftime.
``If people didn't know him before, they sure know him now.'' But state and federal law bars attorneys on both sides from challenging potential jurors based solely on their race, and jury consultants and attorneys offer sharply differing advice as to how the issue should be handled.
And just bringing up the subject tends to skew the jury, since studies have shown that potential jurors have a tendency to assume the defendant must be guilty if the death penalty is being discussed before any testimony is heard.
(Island/Dell, $6.99.) ......3.......23 	Just before he kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
The appearances by each party's top-ranking office-holder before the same knowledgeable audience will get heavy news coverage, which will be balanced and expanded by the governors' interpretations and cheerleading.
(Yuzhin says that as a result of Ames's debriefings by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, he has learned that Ames was in fact the one who betrayed him, a finding that the FBI will not publicly confirm.) Arrested in Moscow in late 1986 and somehow escaping the usual death sentence for treason, he suffered a harsh gulag imprisonment of five years before winning amnesty, along with the last group of Soviet political prisoners, from the Russian president, Boris Yeltsin.
(Yuzhin says that as a result of Ames's debriefings by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, he has learned that Ames was in fact the one who betrayed him, a finding that the FBI will not publicly confirm.) Arrested in Moscow in late 1986 and somehow escaping the usual death sentence for treason, he suffered a harsh gulag imprisonment of five years before winning amnesty, along with the last group of Soviet political prisoners, from the Russian president, Boris Yeltsin.
``If people didn't know him before, they sure know him now.'' But state and federal law bars attorneys on both sides from challenging potential jurors based solely on their race, and jury consultants and attorneys offer sharply differing advice as to how the issue should be handled.
And just bringing up the subject tends to skew the jury, since studies have shown that potential jurors have a tendency to assume the defendant must be guilty if the death penalty is being discussed before any testimony is heard.
The rampage began before dawn as workers pushed forward and began heaving rocks after waiting hours in line to pass through separate Palestinian and Israeli checkpoints at Erez, the crowded strip's main gateway for at least 15,000 Palestinians who work daily at construction and farming jobs in Israel.
I fell asleep finally about 1 a.m. and then woke up soaked in sweat at 5.'' His agony will end Monday, when he is scheduled to drop out of the tour -- just before the Alps -- to save his strength to defend his title of world champion in the professional road race late in August.
And that's something, considering that my brother is a policeman in gang affairs in Washington and my father saw combat in World War II.'' Williams has known difficult times before this, but before it was only ego-threatening, nothing life-threatening.
New Jersey, for example, permits any taxpayer over 65 to determine taxable income and then subtract $1,000 before calculating taxes owed.
Many of the managers operated family companies before going public, and are not used to providing information to outsiders.
When the 1969 Mets came along, people were looking for something they could believe in.'' Even from a team that had finished only one game out of the cellar the year before.
Four years before the Mets' Tug McGraw coined his phrase and told the world, ``Ya gotta believe!'' a whole nation already did.
An uproar.'' Newlove then writes: `` `An uproar is exactly what I want,' says Ina/Truman, wanting to dizzy us before going into her act.
To the contrary, there are some second thoughts about whether the Apollo project should ever have been attempted, even if it did take man farther than he had ever been before.
The Apollo days were the headiest of his life, he said, month after month of 100-hour weeks, seeing the capsule take form right before his eyes, even under the guidance of his own hands.
As Zubin Mehta said just before he went on stage to conduct the Los Angeles Philharmonic, there was ``a nice chamber music atmosphere'' in Dodger Stadium.
``Think of what we've just heard.'' ``Incredible,'' ``magical,'' ``spectacular'' came the volley, and before long, mixed sports metaphors dominated: ``How about that for a triple play,'' Perlman said after the three singers had pitched a fast one.
Soccer, like opera, Carreras said in a taped interview shown before the concert, ``gets you in a very visceral way.'' ``There is a link,'' he continued, ``between the two types of expression.'' The three tenors have found one of the links.
``The crime bill's combination of policing, punishment and prevention will give us the tools we need to help reduce this grim toll.'' The legislation before Congress calls for 100,000 more police officers on the street, a ``three strikes'' measure to jail repeat criminals and boot camps for young offenders.
But shortly before the deal was announced, the Robertses saw that CBS would be its dominant partner, and that Comcast's influence would be virtually eliminated.
But shortly before the deal was announced, the Robertses saw that CBS would be its dominant partner, and that Comcast's influence would be virtually eliminated.
When it could not get a photograph of Foster, it took out its petty revenge in an editorial entitled ``Who is Vincent Foster?'' There were two further nasty references to him before he committed suicide -- leaving a note that mentioned his distress at the Journal editorials.
Perhaps the liveliest exchange on Saturday concerned a measure before the Senate that would prevent companies from hiring permanent replacements for strikers who walk out over wages and benefits.
Borotra had announced his retirement from Davis Cup singles the previous year, but when Rene Lacoste fell ill shortly before the final, Borotra was called back into service.
The cycle repeated itself twice more before play could resume.
Even before Sunday afternoon's mayhem, relief officials were staggering under the refugee burden.
Borotra had announced his retirement from Davis Cup singles the previous year, but when Rene Lacoste fell ill shortly before the final, Borotra was called back into service.
The cycle repeated itself twice more before play could resume.
owner Robbin Goldfoos said, more people are buying tandems than ever before.
The army commander said all but seven of the Muslims were from Bijeljina and Janja, a village that was entirely Muslim before nationalist Serbs drove out half of its population and replaced it with Serbs, Janowski said.
``The only area that hasn't been impaired is the tandem.'' She had enjoyed terrorizing bike trails on her new mountain bike just a year before she began to lose her vision.
Once known as the well-manicured home of the Fighting Aztecs and for a student body that excelled academically, La Quinta is now recognized for its on-campus tuberculosis dispensary and for the fact that many local restaurants and shops require proof from students that they are free of the disease before hiring them.
And like TWA executives before him, Erickson, the former chief executive of Reno Air, dismisses predictions of the carrier's demise.
Neither Palestinian nor Israeli officials disputed a central point, that the roots of the rioting lay in the long delays routinely faced by thousands of Gazan workers as they cross the border before dawn each day to reach jobs in Israel.
Israel permits some 20,000 Gazans to enter each day for work, less than one-third the number it allowed in before the Persian Gulf war three years ago.
GE officials said the examination of bonding began in 1988, before Johnson's complaints, as part of a general look at EMI procedures.
Rockefeller of whistle-blowers.'' The lawyer, who says he received calls last year from 300 disgruntled GE employees, said, ``What I do is go out and clean up messes GE makes.'' When Helmer discovered that the engines Johnson was unhappy with included those on Air Force One, he took his client straight to the FBI, even before drafting the lawsuit.
I wrote a lot of letters that would have been career limiting, things I'd never have dreamed of before.'' There were anxious moments, particularly each day as he was subject to being searched while entering and leaving the plant.
Shortly before noon they had turned the Erez Checkpoint -- a bottleneck passage between Gaza and Israel -- into a mess of smoldering tires, twisted iron and broken glass.
``If they didn't pay, we would give them directions to the dump.'' Sometimes the McHughs could be enticed to give short Chappaquiddick tours: down past Fire Station No. 2 to the gray-shingled cottage known as the ``party house,'' where Kennedy and Miss Kopechne attended a party before the accident, then back to the intersection where Kennedy says he took a wrong turn, missing the road to the Edgartown Ferry, and finally down the sandy road to the bridge itself.
Williams opened the first inning with a single, Boggs doubled to left-center field and Williams scored on Mattingly's groundout before Leyritz hit his 14th home run over the left-center field wall.
We also feel like Terry Mulholland can work himself back into the picture before it's over.'' Hitchcock will make his first start since Sept.
Still, the fact that Rabin and Hussein will meet in public as they have done before in private -- and under the political umbrella of the United States -- is the latest indication that Assad no longer wields the influence over his Arab neighbors that he once did.
After mass, lines formed in front of grocery stores as cariocas stocked up on beer and game food, knowing full well that storekeepers would start rolling down their grates two hours before game time.
And the city settled to the game before their television sets on Sunday night with all the fervor of ancient Romans at the Coliseum.
As Italy's last kicker and with his team having converted two penalty kicks against Brazil, Baggio set the ball up carefully before approaching it with confidence.
Defender Luigi Apolloni crossed himself, as he did before all penalty kicks taken by his countrymen, as Baggio stepped up to the ball.
Situated in a desert bowl surrounded by high mountains, Manuel Benavides is typical of the small communities bypassed by Telmex before the company was required to install at least one telephone in every town of 500 or more people before the end of 1994, as a quid pro quo for its six-year monopoly on long-distance service.
He tried unsuccessfully to reach a Democratic consensus on a health care plan before the 1992 election.
Newt Gingrich of Georgia, the number two Republican in the House, has joined with other party leaders to request that members be given ample time to review any Democratic bill before the floor debate begins.
And when Baggio missed, there was total euphoria (though the television never came down) before people began trekking to the mini-carnaval.
 (BC-PORT-CHICAGO-MEMORIAL-445&ADD-NYT) Just six weeks after the Normandy invasion and three days before U.S. forces landed on Guam to retake the island from the Japanese, World War II brought its deadly havoc home to an ammunition base here with a huge explosion that killed 320 people and wounded 390 others.
``If it is, we'll have to check with the National League to see what the back date would be.'' Since Hershiser left before throwing his first pitch Saturday, the Dodgers would ask a 15-day DL start date be made retroactive to his last start, which was July 8.
Sunday before 50,993 at Veterans Stadium, it was old friend Fernando Valenzuela lopping off another chunk of the Dodgers' NL West spread, which at two games is now the team's smallest in 5{ weeks.
Valenzuela took a four-hit shutout into the ninth inning before tiring in pursuit of his first complete game since last September.
They've started their treacherous, season-long 13-game road trip by losing 3 of 4 to a injury-ravaged Phillies team that had lost six straight games before the Dodgers arrived.
Most of the Dodgers' attention before the game was directed not toward the Phillies but to the outcome of the British Open golf tournament.
We've got to set the tone in some of these games.'' Instead, after the golf ended 30 minutes before game time, the Dodgers went out and were shut out on four hits before finally awakening.
Seanez, pitching for only the second time this month, held the Phillies scoreless for the next four innings, before giving up a one-out homer to John Kruk, a double to Eisenreich and an RBI single to Mike Lieberthal for two more runs in the seventh.
Schumer, the principal sponsor of the crime bill in the House, said he needed hard evidence that the plan would benefit the children before voting for it.
Frances Franco, 42, who served a four-year sentence for selling drugs from her apartment in Astoria, Queens, before being released in 1990, said she was addicted to crack at the time of her arrest.
``It's actually worse now than ever before, because the backyard breeders and gangs are going out of their way to make the dogs more vicious so they can sell them for big money and use them for fighting.
In Manhattan, for instance, there is a premium on family-sized apartments, priced between $200,000 and $250,000, especially those in buildings that were put up before World War II and have doormen.
``Summit is a great community,'' Ms. Hogan said before leaving for Virginia.
``People are still moving away, but there is not this desperate desire to leave the city as there was before.'' She credits the election of Mayor Rudolph W.
One family moving back to the city is Edward and Leslie Powers and their children, who moved from Manhattan six years ago to live in Caldwell, N.J. After selling their home the weekend it was put on the market, the couple saw dozens of apartments before settling on one in a prewar building on the Upper West Side.
Klein was born in Vienna and immigrated to New York shortly before World War II.
It only began requiring the company pay a percentage of its uranium sales proceeds into a fund just before the market collapsed; the fund has about $60,000 in it.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Hopes have been high before.
There were, to be sure, a couple of plot twists that could have used a little work, particularly the ending which should have been sent back to the script doctors before it was unveiled on an unsuspecting public at the Rose Bowl on Sunday.
But an unsatisfying ending did not negate the pleasures of what had gone before.
That happened eight minutes before the end of regulation play and Baggio, hands over his face, looked as if he'd just dropped the Cup.
``He was blessed today.'' It might be the first time such words were uttered about a Brazilian goalkeeper, traditionally the weak spot in a nation that won the Cup in 1958, 1962 and 1970 before ending a 24-year drought with Sunday's triumph over the Italians.
They surely would have tried had Taffarel come up saveless in the shootout after making just eight saves and allowing three goals before blanking Sweden in the semifinals.
``I didn't give it much thought,'' said Taffarel, whose spot as the Brazilian starter was questioned long before he arrived here last month.
But despite the glitz and glamour inside the stadium before the contest, many fans opted to stay outside the Rose Bowl soaking up the soccer scene that follows the World Cup from country to country.
That was the sentiment Taffarel gave to his Italian counterpart Gianluca Pagliuca before the shootout began.
It rolled across the goal mouth and Pagliuca scrambled back to get it before Romario could get to it.
 (BC-SOCCER-SCENE-2ndTake-LADN) Romeo Alessandro of San Remo, Italy, flew into town the night before and quickly acquired a ticket to the final game.
Bebeto's wife was held at gunpoint and robbed shortly before giving birth.
He got his final chance six minutes before the shootout, but from 15 yards he stubbed a shot that Taffarel handled as softly as an egg.
Williams opened the first inning with a single, Boggs doubled to left-center field and Williams scored on Mattingly's groundout before Leyritz hit his 14th home run over the left-center field wall.
We also feel like Terry Mulholland can work himself back into the picture before it's over.'' Hitchcock will make his first start since Sept.
But despite the glitz and glamour inside the stadium before the contest, many fans opted to stay outside the Rose Bowl soaking up the soccer scene that follows the World Cup from country to country.
 (BC-SOCCER-SCENE-2ndTake-LADN) Romeo Alessandro of San Remo, Italy, flew into town the night before and quickly acquired a ticket to the final game.
The place was filled to capacity an hour before the contest.
He went the distance despite a strained hamstring that made his mere presence on the field questionable until shortly before the game.
Taffarel made a diving save against Daniele Massaro, and Dunga drilled his shot for a 3-2 Brazilian lead before Baggio's miss.
Parreira was booed before the game, and victory Sunday won't automatically secure his job for another four years, even if he wants to suffer the indignities of the post.
``People who know me know I'm not irresponsible,'' Keenan said, adding that ``there was thorough discussion'' with the Rangers before he announced that he was a free agent.
The result: a 10-5 loss to the Baltimore Orioles before 17,525 fans at Anaheim Stadium.
The gap was 5-1 before he got out of the third.
Through negotiations between Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization that got under way in Cairo last week, virtually the entire West Bank could catch up before long.
Americans have always followed spectacular crime, from the Lindbergh baby kidnapping to the Charles Manson murders, but never before, it seems, with such passion or such patience.
Then he became president and invaded Panama, crushed Iraq and, before the economy went south, reigned as the most popular leader in opinion-polling history.
FARMERS FIND A NEW SCIENTIFIC INTIMACY WITH THE LAND  (BC-FARM-REVIEW-850&ADD-NYT) -- Wendell Berry in ``From the Crest'' What Wendell Berry, who farms the Kentucky hillside with a horse and plow, celebrates in his poetry is being proven more dramatically than ever before by American farmers.
Human rights officials say that long before last April, the army was training Hutu extremist militias and directing small massacres of Tutsis.
Breyer finished his three days before the Senate Judiciary Committee last week.
It is often forgotten that even before Anita Hill's last-minute charges of sexual harassment obscured a fierce debate over ideology, the Judiciary Committee had refused to endorse Judge Thomas, sending his name to the full Senate only on a 7-to-7 tie vote.
From the beginning, the Pope has aggressively sought out vehicles to reach the rank-and-file in the pews and beyond, whether that involved regularly jetting off to speak before vast audiences of the faithful or occasionally using satellite link-ups to address special groups, like Catholic youth.
(Island/Dell, $6.99.) ......3.......23 	Just before he kills himself, a lawyer reveals a 	deadly secret to an 11-year-old boy.
The joints should be cut and fitted before any shaping of the pieces is undertaken.
Whether you glue up the assemblies before doing any shaping depends on what shaping is to be done.
If, for instance, the upper and lower sections are simply going to have a straight taper from the outer ends to the center post, then this can be done on the table saw or the band saw before glue-up.
It is generally simpler to cut the slots for the tabletop holders before glue-up.
The kind they used to put on stamps, back before Elvis.
The new movie ``Wyatt Earp'' gives viewers some feel for how dangerous the West was before sensible people started enforcing gun-control laws.
If he had wanted to terrorize the streets of Dodge City back in the Wild West, Wyatt Earp would have stopped him before he could get started.
But then, Earp had the good fortune to live in an age before the NRA was spending millions to buy politicians.
-- Pulling into the last rest area before home, our youngest says, ``This trip is the most exciting thing that's ever happened to me in my whole life.'' Warm feelings rush through me.
Hitler apparently saved his own life by walking to a wall map just before the blast.
Hitler goes on the air just before 1 a.m., July 21.
Make sure you make a complete backup of the information on your hard disk before doing the upgrade.
In a revolution in American farming, the centuries-old method of plowing the fields, turning the earth completely before planting, is going the way of draft horses.
The majority of farmers still till the land before planting, using a chisel plow, which turns a portion of the ground over, or by disking, which cuts up plant residue and incorporates it into the topsoil.
Montgomery's father said he sometimes dreamed about life before the plow.
``I remember when I was a boy and this old farmer was telling me what the prairie looked like before it was broken up,'' he said, gazing toward the horizon.
``And of course never before have we lived through times so closely aligned as between Porfirio and Salinas, times of excessive economic growth that comes at the expense of the poor.'' Krauze is undeterred by the criticism.
-- Never have I fallen from a catwalk under sniper fire and managed to grab the all-important microfilm right before I plunged to what looks like certain death.
It's called ``His Girl Friday'' and it captures the kind of newsrooms we worked in before carpets and cubicles and computers.
It may be decades, or even longer, before anyone establishes lunar bases or sets out for Mars.
Dr. Wernher von Braun, the rocket scientist, wrote to Vice President Johnson: ``We have a sporting chance of sending a three-man crew around the Moon ahead of the Soviets.'' He added that the United States had ``an excellent chance of beating the Soviets to the first landing of a crew on the Moon (including return capability, of course).'' In a famous address to Congress on May 25, President Kennedy declared, ``I believe that this nation should commit itself to achieving the goal, before this decade is out, of landing a man on the Moon and returning him safely to Earth.'' The project had its critics, who thought the money could be better spent on domestic needs or complained of its marginal scientific and military benefits.
Webb, the politically skilled leader of NASA in the 1960's, not long before Webb's death in 1992.
After all, he noted, it was 50 years after Magellan made the first crossing of the Pacific before the Spanish finally managed to go back in 1571 and establish a permanent base on the other side, at Manila.
The lives of the three astronauts of Apollo 11, before and after the first lunar-landing mission, serve as case studies testing this proposition.
In news accounts before the Moon flight, Armstrong was described as an exceedingly reserved man who surrounded himself with walls of shyness, modesty and self-possession.
No wonder I was in trouble.'' Even before Apollo 11, associates spoke of Mr. Aldrin's perfectionism, which made him so demanding of himself, perhaps as demanding as he sensed his father was.
As Young circled the moon alone in the command capsule, Stafford and Cernan separated in the lunar module and dipped to within nine miles of the moon's surface before ascending for a rendezvous with the Apollo 10 capsule and return to Earth.
They circled the moon 10 times before returning to Earth on Dec.
Biologists will conduct more tests before considering a full-fledged control effort at Cape Lookout and Cumberland Island.
Biologists will conduct more tests before considering a full-fledged control effort at Cape Lookout and Cumberland Island.
``It's a long story,'' he said before getting into his tiny red car and driving off -- to make phone calls.
It won't be long before we getter a better fix on the real Mas.
Their feelings may have been played on by cold-war propagandists, but they existed long before the space race (remember Jules Verne?).
As often before, recent movements in currencies have seemed detached from ``fundamentals.'' Again as before, these fluctuations are not merely pointless: they work against the adjustments that most governments would like to see in the global economy.
Again as before, the more governments recognize this and try to talk the dollar up, the faster the currency falls.
Even before its most recent fall, the dollar was substantially undervalued in terms of its international purchasing power -- suggesting that if nothing else happens it will eventually rise again.
Moreover, the Marines have been there before, early this century, and after 20 years they left nothing lasting behind them, save mistrust.
Even before Kim the Elder's death, North Korea's economy was on the skids.
Bill Clinton was barely in the White House before he reversed five federal restrictions on abortion.
Several are hurrying to buy up mining rights, build hotels or establish market share before the big American competition arrives.
In December 1993 it sold Morning Star, a travel company that it had bought just 12 months before.
His father made a fortune from gramophones before the second world war; but when the fighting started, his factory was commandeered to make arms.
And the end of the cold war made an American tilt toward Germany inevitable, just as it made Germany, through unification, potentially even richer and more powerful than before.
``If you have any sort of economic status, you have to almost deplete yourself before you can get any government assistance,'' says Harry DeRyder of the Salvation Army's social services department.
He worked as a clerk at a paint company before landing the counselor's job.
A high school graduate, she quit before she got her associate degree from a junior college and eventually found her way into counseling.
While I was visiting the maternity ward before bringing mother and baby home, my own mother called a local dealer and had a set delivered to our house.
``What I find particularly appropriate about this myth as it applies today is that, first, the Cyclops imprisons these men in darkness, and that, second, he beats their brains out before he devours them,'' Woiwode wrote.
Kennedy brilliantly turned many detractors into supporters by reassuring them that he would not call the Vatican before making decisions.
Thus they suggest that people who are not frequent travelers notify their own banks before they go overseas.
The last ticket is sold 90 minutes before closing time.
The blasts could divert a killer asteroid before it clobbered Earth, they say.
``There's kind of an inertia in the industry, that I have to have a big pile of paper before I can close a loan,'' Fairchild says.
The site on the Boulevard Raspail was formerly occupied by the American Center before it moved to Frank Gehry's new building in the Bercy area, where it opened on June 8.
Surveying the asteroids and comets is essential before trying to figure out ways to divert them, says Louis Friedman, executive director of the Pasadena-based Planetary Society.
We men who are getting active are saying, `We've had enough.''' The O.J. Simpson murder case has fired these men's activism as few events have before.
Surveying the asteroids and comets is essential before trying to figure out ways to divert them, says Louis Friedman, executive director of the Pasadena-based Planetary Society.
-- A basket of tortilla chips served before the meal contains half of the daily recommended allowance of fat.
However, a 16-month study, begun long before the British cases occurred, indicates that the disease is rare, usually treatable and not particularly contagious.
-- A basket of tortilla chips served before the meal contains half of the daily recommended allowance of fat.
And that was before Wednesday, when news came that this was the classic Dream Teams match -- two of the greatest soccer teams on God's Earth, both seeking a record fourth title.
On Sunday, shuttle buses started running at 8 a.m., more than 4 hours before the game, and already filled with people just like me -- hoping to get a ticket.
``It's the chance of a lifetime -- you'll never see this again,'' said Rocky Zanotto of San Jose, Calif., who had driven down to Pasadena ``on a whim'' the night before with seven equally hungry fans in a camper.
Next to one volcanic-rock wall was the body of a woman laying on a straw mat, where she had apparently been resting unable to move before the surge.
	BOSTON (NYT) -- One day before President Clinton appears the National Governor's Association, Democratic members of the group today endorsed his goal of health insurance for all Americans but withheld support for the centerpiece of his proposal, a requirement to make employers pay.
By 10:30 a.m., two hours before the game, I took my own shot at the moon and got tough.
They believe Cedric's difficulties stem from inoculations Miller received before leaving for the Middle East, or from exposure to chemicals during the war.
Questions about drug use jarred Steve's memory: He had received numerous inoculations before heading overseas and was prescribed untested medication to combat chemical warfare.
``I have headaches like I've never had before,'' he said.
Assad wants a pledge that the strategic border highlands captured from Syria during the 1967 war will be returned in full before he agrees to details of normal relations with Israel.
Christopher plans to travel to Gaza on Thursday for a meeting with PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat and return to Israel for further meetings with Rabin before going again to Damascus on Friday.
Murayama hinted that the government would enact the income tax cuts and get the economy out of its rut before pushing any increases in the sales tax.
VERSACE: SIGN OF SIMPLE SATIN PARIS  (BC-PARIS-FASHION-ART-NYT) Gianni Versace has a habit of slipping quietly into town from Milan and introducing his couture collection at least a day before the other designers get started.
We want to play a positive role in assisting in a proper investigation.'' DNA matches King has done before have been used as evidence in other Latin American countries in criminal cases against military authorities.
And before Simpson's arrest on murder charges?
And before Simpson's arrest on murder charges?
Be all of that as it may, Burton pulls few punches in recounting Bernstein's philandering, which finally, after 25 years, pushed the marriage to the brink of divorce in 1976, less than two years before Montealegre's death.
Burton remarks, ``She had been told almost nothing, she complained later; she never was.'' Perhaps most revealing, Burton declines to rise to Bernstein's defense when he quotes Paul Bowles's ``chilling assessment'' of 1978: ``He had become `smarmy' and `false'; `a small crumb of what he once had been.' His success had been `painfully destructive' of his personality.'' Whatever morality and spine Bernstein had been able to muster for several decades before, Burton suggests, came largely from Montealegre, his anchor, and the curse she delivered at their separation -- ``You're going to die a bitter and lonely old man'' -- haunted him to his grave.
3 before the Senate Judiciary subcommittee on immigration and refugee affairs.
Roberts said the time to strike may have been when Weldon Thompson, the sole owner of Tarina, died shortly before the case came to trial.
Ordinarily, the recipient's marrow would be destroyed before the transplant, but this was not done with the HIV-infected twins because researchers were concerned about further damaging the immune system.
Most of the Pentagon brass think an invasion against Haiti's poorly-trained and equipped army would be a snap but can't see how to bring the troops promptly home again without leaving behind a country just as impoverished and troubled as before.
The invasion did nothing for his reputation or his popularity, the 10-day standoff before capturing Noriega made us look silly and our European allies were uniformly critical of our heavy-handedness.
The researchers would modify the technique to destroy only part of the bone marrow of the HIV-infected patient before the transplant.
To reduce the incidence of the complication, transplant doctors removed T cells from donated marrow before giving it to patients to reduce the incidence of the complication.
The parents can see a first-run film without waiting months before it appears on video.
Less than three months before election day on Oct.
``Because I believe that,'' he said, before spinning and walking away.
``We came from hell within touching distance of paradise,'' Sacchi said Monday morning before the team boarded a chartered flight to Rome.
But just before the impact of Fragment E -- one of the largest in the series -- the wind died, Hien's team cleaned out the snow, and he managed to record a 15-minute sequence of images.
About one minute before the predicted impact of Fragment G, the cloud cover over the Mauna Kea summit opened up, permitting a good view of Jupiter for about 10 minutes.
The union also wants to restore eligibility for salary arbitration from three years to two, as it was before the 1985 agreement.
At the very least, it is surpassing odd that this off-duty detective showed up at the murder scene before the detective in charge had been called.
Another 100 years passed before civil rights legislation tore down the legal barriers against blacks.
Lunch met with mixed reviews, from ``OK'' and ``Not bad'' to ``It's good, but it's not Mexican food.'' As is often the case when high-fat, high-salt foods are altered to make them more healthful, the chefs failed to add enough seasonings to compensate for the lack of fat and salt -- which may help to explain why more Americans than ever before are obese, more than 20 percent above their desirable weight, according to the National Center for Health Statistics.
Next to one rock wall was the body of a woman lying on a straw mat where she had apparently been resting, unable to move before the surge.
21, three days before his 54th birthday, Mays continued his tradition of pedaling a mile for every year of his life.
Such promises have been made before -- and usually in times of crisis that expose problems within the CIA -- but never as forcefully and in such detail as Woolsey made them Monday.
Ames went on to spy for Moscow for nine years, spending hundreds of thousands of dollars ostentatiously, before he was arrested by the FBI in February.
The administration will send Cabinet members to speak for health care before more than 50 newspaper editorial boards in the next two weeks, and various Cabinet departments will be issuing reports intended to gather additional support.
With Congress bitterly divided over health care and congressional hearings on the Whitewater case coming to a crest, his advisers say that Clinton probably cannot wait much longer before deciding whether to invade Haiti and roust the Caribbean nation's ruling junta.
The extent to which so much at the White House this summer is shaping up as a kind of carom shot is apparent in the calculations of aides about how a decision on Haiti, for one, might affect the president's battle to get health care legislation through Congress before the Aug.
It has been evident since the year began that if the White House hoped to win passage of a health care plan this autumn, its first battles on the House and Senate floors would have to be fought before the summer recess.
However, many American players have said they want to gauge the MLS in terms of competition and salaries before making a commitment.
If this was an obscure case, they wouldn't spend two minutes on it before reaching a decision.'' He was referring to 12 criteria that the Los Angeles County District Attorney's policy manual says must be considered in deciding whether to seek the death penalty in a case for which that is the maximum penalty set by state law.
Across the United States, more older people are living in the suburbs than ever before.
Officials say that more than half of the growth was needed to cover the rising cost of caring for elderly people in nursing homes, which reached $218 million in 1993, from $147 million four years before.
She was a law-abiding woman before her abduction (just like jurors), and she was abducted by a group of terrorists (it could happen to me).
``I had an aide go through a few days before and she was approached by two dozen people offering papers,'' Feinstein said.
The battle between Supervisors Then last week, Edelman grew visibly upset with Antonovich just before the MTA board was scheduled to consider fare hikes.
The fact is Microsoft still will enjoy an enormous head-start in developing applications software, because it has the code to each new operating system before anyone else.
As if to defuse similar speculation regarding St. Louis, Keenan said ``I didn't make any inquiry with any teams before I became a free agent.'' He compared what he called his freedom to that of a player who goes on the open market when his team forgets to submit a formal contract to him before a deadline.
DEMOCRATIC GOVERNORS AVOID MANDATES BOSTON  (BC-HEALTH-GOVS-740&ADD-NYT) One day before President Clinton is to address the National Governors' Association, Democratic members of the group on Monday endorsed his goal of health insurance for all Americans but withheld their support for the centerpiece of his proposal, a requirement that employers pay most of the cost.
He spent a year at the camp before being released on the condition that he leave Germany within 48 hours.
The committee reported that 20,937 cases of electronic filing fraud had been detected in the first four months of this year alone and that only 66 percent of these were caught before refund checks were mailed.
``I had made a flight before I was grounded with an ear problem,'' Shepard said.
The movie treated her so badly; the movie made it look like she couldn't even communicate at all, which was totally unfair.'' Shepard said the film was even less fair to Gus Grissom, whose capsule sank before it could be recovered after his first flight.
It was there before Tom was there.
On some 350 fewer screens than ``True Lies,'' ``Gump'' led the per-theater average race at $11,979 compared with $10,925 for ``Lies.'' Both pictures still have a long way to go before they catch up with the king of the summer movie jungle.
But Zeglis also reiterated AT&T's insistence that the new guidelines be part of a bill that requires the presence of actual competition before the regional Bell companies are allowed to enter the industry.
But each side also knows that this is its last, best chance to get broad-based changes in telecommunications law, because the various groups involved have never been this close to agreement before.
Moreover, the $17-million deposit forfeited by the developers is half the $34 million they would have owed before Dyson got involved earlier this year and offered them better terms.
The Coliseum, completed in 1959, was the city's main exhibition and convention hall before the Javits Center came on line in 1986.
Even before they get involved in negotiations for a new owner, they can look at interim uses.
``They're not related and didn't even know each other before the trip,'' she added.
HEALTH GROUP CUTS AT FAT IN MEXICAN FOOD WASHINGTON  (BC-MEXICAN-FOOD-HNS) Mexican food fanatics should think twice before they order chiles rellenos or beef chimichangas, at least if they're watching their diets.
``I wouldn't wish what I went through on anyone, but I think I'll be a better lawyer today than I was.'' His first client will be the last one he represented before the suspension was imposed: He wants to win early release from prison for Sarah Smith.
However, it was the timing of the first, just before 2 a.m. EDT, that enabled both the Hubble and the powerful Keck Observatory in Mauna Kea, Hawaii, to share in the most spectacular observations yet.
``The plume just overwhelmed anything we have seen before.'' The onslaught of Shoemaker-Levy commenced Saturday afternoon when a half-mile-wide chunk of the comet barreled into Jupiter's Southern Hemisphere.
Under the Voting Rights Act of 1965, states with areas having a history of discrimination in voting must obtain advance approval from the Justice Department, or from the Federal District Court in Washington, before making any change affecting voting in these areas.
Weinstein, a Brooklyn Democrat who heads the Assembly Judiciary Committee, maintained that the procedure for appointing most of the acting justices did not require federal approval ``because it was established before the Voting Rights Act.'' The system of appointing justices has many defenders, who say that elected justices are largely the product of clubhouse politics.
Lawyers said that if the system failed federal scrutiny, this would most likely not call into question past cases tried before those judges.
The detectives said that Edwards changed his story several times before admitting in an interview seven hours after the body was found that he and Ippoliti had had a sexual encounter, Romaine said.
But it is not only an agonizing tale for the family of Lieutenant Bryant, a 21-year-old officer who had graduated with honors from Princeton only two months before her death on the night of July 10, 1993.
``Don't Drink the Water'' was made into a movie in 1969 with Jackie Gleason as the lead, but Allen had nothing to do with the film and said he thinks the comedy never had ``its just deserts.'' He didn't even see it until two weeks before he started shooting his TV version.
But the next morning, he said he wasn't sure how -- or if -- the tiebreaking system will be modified before the next World Cup at France in 1998.
Teflon was developed before the moon missions but was used as a non-flammable insulator in Apollo's wiring system.
WORLD CUP REVENUES NOT AS ROBUST AS FORECAST FOR DALLAS  (BC-WORLDCUP-DALLAS-TEX) Long before its highly publicized arrival, the World Cup soccer tournament was seen as an economic bonanza that would bring tourists, prestige, international exposure and profit to Dallas.
On June 13, four days before the games started, revised estimates from Assistant City Manager Levi Davis to the City Council set revenues at $40 million to $60 million.
The remaining rooms -- in blocs that were reserved from up to three months to three days before the Cup's June 17 start -- were not available soon enough for hotels to fill.
Teflon was developed before the moon missions but was used as a non-flammable insulator in Apollo's wiring system.
In 1983, he testified before the Board of Pension Commissioners that he had been continuously disabled from performance of his duties and receiving workers' compensation benefits since August 1981.
WORLD CUP REVENUES NOT AS ROBUST AS FORECAST FOR DALLAS  (BC-SOC-WORLDCUP-DALLAS-TEX) Long before its highly publicized arrival, the World Cup soccer tournament was seen as an economic bonanza that would bring tourists, prestige, international exposure and profit to Dallas.
On June 13, four days before the games started, revised estimates from Assistant City Manager Levi Davis to the City Council set revenues at $40 million to $60 million.
The remaining rooms -- in blocs that were reserved from up to three months to three days before the Cup's June 17 start -- were not available soon enough for hotels to fill.
Aikman and his Cowboys' teammates took an early break from two-a-days yesterday for their annual Golf Classic at Barton Creek before diving headlong again into the Austin heat this morning.
The day before he had to report to camp, Aikman dug a corn chip into a bowl of guacamole dip and reflected on the turbulent off-season that saw the Cowboys lose their head coach, their offensive coordinator and friends Kevin Gogan and John Gesek, among others.
``You could easily fit the diameter of the earth inside that impact smudge.'' Because Fragment G collided with the planet at about 12:30 a.m. Monday morning, a few minutes before Jupiter sets on the West Coast, it's impact area had not been seen by most astronomers in Southern California.
BOSNIAN SERB DENOUNCES PEACE PLAN SARAJEVO, Bosnia and Herzegovina  (BC-YUGOSLAVIA-BOSNIA-1STLD-WRITETHRU-NYT) The Bosnian Serb leader invoked visions on Monday of all-out war in Bosnia and beyond as he argued before the self-styled Bosnian Serb Parliament in Pale against Serbian acceptance of a new international peace plan.
Military officers were shown bowing before the huge bronze statue of the late leader in Pyongyang, crying like babies.
The funeral had originally been scheduled for Sunday, but one day before it was to take place, it was postponed until Tuesday, setting off a flurry of speculation here that Kim Jong-il, who is 52, might be having trouble consolidating his power.
Weary of ``unnecessary litigation,'' Duffy ruled in favor of the NBA and its desire to reopen talks, saying ``no court, no matter how highly situated, can replace this time-honored manner of labor-dispute resolution.'' Duffy also lifted the three-week moratorium on new contracts that was instituted just before the free-agent signing period was to start July 1, allowing Seattle to complete a trade verbally agreed to on draft day that sends Ricky Pierce, No. 11 pick Carlos Rogers and future considerations to Golden State for Sarunas Marciulionis and Byron Houston.
I heard the horn honk at least two times before I got hit.'' Agee said he doesn't see any humor in the incident.
Eric Karros salvaged the night with a two-out RBI single in the 10th that gave the Dodgers a 7-6 victory before 17,538 at Shea Stadium.
David Segui then singled and Ryan Thompson walked to load the bases before Worrell retired Vina to end the inning.
He said his daughter had wandered off once before in November but was found within 45 minutes.
He said his daughter had wandered off once before in November but was found within 45 minutes.
The Angels erupted for nine runs in the first inning while sending 14 men to the plate, and they didn't stop slugging until they'd put away a 13-4 rout of the Red Sox before 17,019 fans and a disbelieving national-TV audience.
Then everybody wants to get up there.'' Incredibly, VanEgmond was allowed to hang around for Easley (triple) and DiSarcina (RBI single) before Melendez was summoned to face Curtis (double), Owen (RBI double) and Edmonds (RBI triple).
It means Bo will probably get more time.'' Salmon, who strained his right hamstring just before the All-Star break, aggravated the injury while chasing down a series of balls in Sunday's loss to Baltimore.
His administration also enlisted people influential in the field to direct AIDS projects, including Lee; before he joined the Department of Health and Human Services, he headed the Institute of Health Policy Studies at the University of California at San Francisco and served on the San Francisco AIDS Commission.
``And that is unfortunate.'' Two weeks before Gebbie was forced to resign, Bross' organization issued a public declaration calling for her ouster.
Tuesday night Bobby Witt, who had three straight shutouts before injuring a rib muscle in his last start, will try to reverse the recent trend.
Thanks to TBN, you couldn't do that anywhere in the country -- and there will be three more Black Saturdays before ABC turns the package over to NBC (mostly Friday nights) for the rest of the season.
The number of private child-support collection companies is ever-changing, and many shut their doors before earning application fees that typically range from $75 to $150.
``This is before we even get off the porch.
President Kennedy had said 2,974 days earlier that America should put a man on the moon before the decade was done, and by gosh, America was doing it! The effort had taken eight years and seven astronauts' lives, had involved 21 manned space flights, 60,000 NASA managers working with 400,000 engineers and technicians.
During his last weekend at home before the launch (7/4/69) Aldrin dismantled and reassembled his family's dishwasher, which had never worked well.
He spent the weekend before the launch in a plane flying loop-the-loops to get his body ready for space.
Then these words appeared on the left: ```I believe that this nation should commit itself to achieving the goal, before this decade is out, of landing a man on the moon and returning him safely to Earth.' John F.
Williams stood before the Farmersville Village Council and began to read.
But there's no reality in it.'' Aside from iconoclasts like Johnson, non-believers back then included old folks, people born well before man flew, people whose concept of technology would not allow them to believe such a journey was possible.
They know it has before.
What nags at many scientists this week, as they watch Jupiter convulse, is that the extinctions were triggered by an object not much larger than Comet P/Shoemaker-Levy 9 before it was fragmented by Jupiter's gravity.
Californians on Monday got a sampling of the harsh things the two will say about each other in the more than three months that remain before the Nov.
``All before Labor Day and all from a candidate who urged her opponents not to initiate negative campaigns.'' Wilson also used the occasion to spell out what are expected to be his themes in the campaign's final months.
And before lunar astronaut Neil Armstrong took a giant leap for humanity on July 20, 1969, students who asked teachers ``Where did the moon come from?'' may have received several possible explanations, each flawed and all mutually contradictory: -- The moon spun off the molten Earth billions of years ago.
Weekend before last, for example, an official at Bossier City's Isle of Capri said that about 15,000 people a day were availing themselves of the gaming facilities there, and crowds were certainly respectable at the other two -- nearly 11,000 patrons at Harrah's on Saturday and at or near capacity all weekend on the Horseshoe's 2,250-passenger boat.
Ramos cradled a sawed-off AK-47-type assault rifle as he stood before the jury.
2 and will broadcast a combination of reruns and new episodes from last season before the premiere of its new name and look.
(Stewart, who is 53 and English, likens Picard's recognition of Kirk, whose character presumably died long before Picard's command of the Enterprise, to a modern British general recognizing Field Marshal Montgomery from photographs.) In the process of saving the world, Kirk dies.
But in the world of ``Star Trek,'' which reaches into corners of popular culture where only Elvis has gone before, every act reverberates.
Jacques Baumel, a longtime Gaullist member of France's parliament and a foreign affairs specialist, noted: ``Even before, it was difficult enough to maintain our position as equal partners with the Germans.
We sold over 100 cases in less than a week in 24 states and four foreign countries.'' Brounstein, a pharmaceuticals wholesaler in Los Angeles before becoming a vintner in 1968, believes that America's fine-wine makers are selling themselves short.
But this wine has received classic Raymond treatment: 20 months in French oak and more than six months in the bottle before its release.
Jacques Baumel, a longtime Gaullist member of France's parliament and a foreign affairs specialist, noted: ``Even before, it was difficult enough to maintain our position as equal partners with the Germans.
Wilbur and Orville Wright made the first successful powered flight in December 1903 at Kitty Hawk, N.C., but it was seven years before a flying machine took wing in Texas, according to ``Aviation in Texas'' by Roger Bilstein.
Listeners may have been accomplishing much the same thing internally long before digital or any other technology came along.
I'm getting frankly frustrated.'' House Speaker Thomas Foley vowed earlier in the day the bill would be ready for floor votes before the House breaks for recess August 12.
They must be taken an hour or so before traveling to be effective because once symptoms start, they do not work.
Avoid overeating or drinking alcohol the night before a trip and eat lightly, preferably a high-carbohydrate, low-fat meal, before and during travel, or snack often on something like bread or crackers because an empty stomach can make things worse.
By the mid-70s, Long and Liem were taking more responsibility for the charity, which expanded to eight group homes -- six in Saigon and two in Danang --before they were phased out and Hughes was told to pick up his exit visa in 1976, three years after the last GIs left Vietnam and more than a year after the Communist victory reunified North and South Vietnam.
But Foley predicted the final version of the health care bill, which is being built around the version passed by the House Ways and Means Committee, would be acceptable to even some Republicans, and he said it would pass before the August recess.
Cary continued: ``Because of the Ornish diet, I'm prepared to like this food more than I might have before.
``The fish moved in even before we were finished,'' Cronin said.
/We have been here before.'' ``Hopper was able to lift the drabness of the 30s and 40s into a poetry that has stuck with us,'' Updike said.
``I studied art before going to film school,'' said Dahl, ``and Hopper has always been a big influence.
``The director Ron Peck,'' Kardish points out, ``who made a documentary on Hopper in 1981, made one of the earliest films about gay life three years before.'' The title of the movie was ``Nighthawks.'' 
Berlin puts it in his new book, ``King of Ragtime: Scott Joplin and His Era,'' ``beginning with his first ragtime publications in 1899, he composed music unlike any ever before written.'' Joplin belongs to the generation of artists born just after the Civil War, who were both Victorian and modern, conventional and radical.
The composer and pianist Eubie Blake saw Joplin try to play the ``Maple Leaf Rag'' not long before he died, and recalled that it was a pitiful sight.
The Serbs, close to one-third of the Bosnian population before the war, have fought throughout for the right to their own state or union with Serbia, saying they never had any wish to secede from Yugoslavia, as Bosnia did in 1992.
In the television coverage provided by North Korea, the 52-year-old heir apparent was seen wearing a dark Mao jacket flanked by other high officials, bowing before his father's coffin and later standing outside as the motorcade began.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The North Korean government has broadcast a limited range of television images abroad before, but never in such abundance and never, according to experts, with such a profusion of hints.
Everything, from the names on the wreaths placed before the bier to the way the film was edited, has been scrutinized for evidence to support theories on where North Korea's new leaders may been heading, and who is in charge.
A number of commentators said that the images shown of top officials and family members at the bier, before the long funeral procession began, offered what was regarded as a revealing glimpse into the succession struggle.
Tuesday morning before dawn police raided Hanyang University in Seoul after hearing that students were planning to put up mourning placards.
The week before, one cook had broken her ankle and required treatment off the island; the other had suffered a stroke.
Guests were left to rot in the sun for nearly four hours -- cutting severely into a planned sightseeing layover in the mainland city of San Pedro Sula before transferring to afternoon U.S.-bound flights.
``I got the cello two days before the concert and just played, obviously sorting out a lot of feelings, expressing a lot of emotions and getting to know this cello.
That moved him up from 11th place to sixth and gave him a fighting chance to finish second over all, the only big battle left before the tour ends in Paris on Sunday.
Another senior White House official acknowledged, however, that Clinton's appearance before the governors was a strong signal of ``flexibility'' aimed at achieving a bill that simply provides coverage for most Americans and holds down costs.
The Kansas Republican spoke to the governors shortly before Clinton.
Traders were cautious ahead of Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's appearance today before the Senate Banking Committee, said Randy Werntz, a Kansas City Value Line trader.
What with a warm climate and laid-back atmosphere, this community mastered casual long before people around the country started wearing flip-flops and cropped tops onto airplanes.
For his part, Dole, who spoke barely an hour before Clinton, promised to allow Senate action on health care legislation this year without a filibuster.
In another experiment, involving a hike up Pike's Peak, soldiers were given time to acclimate to the altitude before being tested.
The soldier would eat so many bars so many hours before going to a higher altitude or would take the bars along for a given number of days at high altitude, he said.
The labels on snack bars would say, ``Eat this when you want to be alert,'' or, ``Eat this before you plan to sleep,'' he added.
You can meet couples arranging to have either male or female babies (boys seem to be preferred); a married pair of actors who trade sexes, temporarily and superficially; a former college football player turned nanny and a female supervisor at a construction site; executive head-hunters who are looking for female and minority heads these days, and, most entertaining, a 50-year-old divorced man venturing into the singles circuit with his approach lines written out beforehand.
Knopf says the work, ``Crossing the Threshold of Hope,'' will provide elegant, never-before-heard insights into papal thinking on provocative, never-before-asked questions, presented for the broadest possible appeal.
He worked at KLOS for four years, before moving to KMET.
That is absolutely essential.'' Only the evening before, during the telecast of the All-Star Game, a showcase event in the baseball season, the game's fans saw the difference between management's words and actions.
But that is not an excuse not to make it better.'' The relationship will get worse before it gets better, if it ever gets better.
The system automatically shuts down with 15 seconds remaining before the 40-second clock expires.
``A lot of times last year, we didn't have an opportunity to get up to the line, see the defense and get out of the play before the clock ran out,'' Carlson said.
Water was missing in their early analysis of the highly disrupted areas in the Jovian atmosphere over the impact sites, as it had been from the fragments themselves before the collisions began.
To make ends meet she would load her two children, Lisa, 6, and Sami, 3, into the car at 4 a.m. and deliver newspapers before she took the kids to day care and went to the office where she worked as an insurance claims adjuster.
JORDAN HINTS IT MAY COOPERATE 6(BU)WITH ISRAEL BEFORE SIGNING PACT EIN AVRONA, Israel  (BC-ISRAEL-JORDAN-NYT) Jordan's chief negotiator in talks with Israel suggested Tuesday that his country might be willing to begin joint projects with the Israelis even before a peace treaty is signed.
Because the bacterium has never been identified before, he said he cannot say where else it might crop up.
Snyder was one of the first and one of the best at playing the newsman-as-showman in a time before anyone thought to call it ``infotainment.'' Even today, on his CNBC show -- seen live here at 7 p.m., and on tape three hours later -- he tosses around invented terms like ``colorcast'' and ``colortini,'' as if to recall the days when TV hosts not only had to sell viewers on themselves and their shows, but to convince them to buy a TV set.
He was Oprah before Oprah.
And before you know it, you're talking like Forrest Gump and wearing black, over-the-calf socks with your flip-flops.
I have a family of four and before would go on vacation and we had money left over.
``Never in recorded history can I find evidence that planetary features as conspicuous as those we're now seeing have appeared before.
And before you know it, you're talking like Forrest Gump and wearing black, over-the-calf socks with your flip-flops.
They attended a one-month mathematics seminar at the U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis, Md., before departing for Hong Kong on July 8, he said.
Bem, a professor at Cornell University, said she had also noticed her son Jeremy's gift for mathematics at an early age, when she was still reading aloud to him before bed.
According to her, several of the VIPs seated on the playing field simply left before the encores were finished.
Anyone who attends it will do well to remember to remember the first lesson of Dodger Stadium: it never pays to leave before the last out.
``As soon as they see it, they realize what we have here.'' It is this interactive: Jason Puryear sneezed at East Mecklenburg High, and before classmates could react, Professor Domoto, 20 miles away but visible in the upper left quad, said, ``Bless you.'' The new technology excites educators because it can be used to give students in poor and rural parts of North Carolina their only chance at courses like Japanese, Latin and statistics.
He worked at KLOS for four years, before moving to KMET.
GOVERNMENT GIVES UP HOPE OF REACHING SETTLEMENT WITH REBELS BEFORE ELECTION SAN CRISTOBAL DE LAS CASAS, Mexico  (BC-MEXICO-ELECTION-ART-NYT) Earlier this year, the government seemed intent on negotiating an agreement to end the rebel uprising in southern Mexico before the presidential election in late August.
Now, with one of the most important elections in Mexican history less than five weeks away, the government has all but abandoned hope of reaching a settlement before the vote, and the rebels' demands for national political reform remain unmet.
``I would be most willing to sign a peace accord before Aug.
GOVERNMENT GIVES UP HOPE OF REACHING SETTLEMENT WITH REBELS BEFORE ELECTION SAN CRISTOBAL DE LAS CASAS, Mexico  (BC-MEXICO-ELECTION-ART-NYT) Earlier this year, the government seemed intent on negotiating an agreement to end the rebel uprising in southern Mexico before the presidential election in late August.
Now, with one of the most important elections in Mexican history less than five weeks away, the government has all but abandoned hope of reaching a settlement before the vote, and the rebels' demands for national political reform remain unmet.
``I would be most willing to sign a peace accord before Aug.
The night before the boards are to approve the deal, Comcast Corp., a large cable operator with a stake in QVC, offers to buy QVC for a higher price.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) Until now the government of Berlusconi, a successful businessman before he entered politics in January, has done virtually nothing to tackle Italy's economic problems, focusing its first steps instead on replacing the directors of state television, appointing new directors for the intelligence services and then issuing the decree on preventive detention.
The decree would have prevented judicial investigators from ordering preventive detention for suspects in cases of corruption and certain other offenses, and barred journalists from identifying suspects before their judicial investigations were complete.
Paul said that KFC was facing pressure not so much from other fried-chicken chains but from ``the increasingly competitive nature of its other fast-food competition like McDonald's and their value pricing.'' Indeed, KFC sales in the second quarter rose 13 percent, to $592 million, from the comparable period last year, before the introduction of Rotisserie Gold.
Kevin said his father had never before spent more than two nights away from the farm.
Paul said that KFC was facing pressure not so much from other fried-chicken chains but from ``the increasingly competitive nature of its other fast-food competition like McDonald's and their value pricing.'' Indeed, KFC sales in the second quarter rose 13 percent, to $592 million, from the comparable period last year, before the introduction of Rotisserie Gold.
But the administration has never said that in public before.
While Clinton said his proposal to require employers to shoulder most of the burden represented ``the best and fairest way,'' he was more explicit than he has been before in saying that he would be open to other alternatives.
Kennedy tried valiantly to make that argument for several minutes before giving up.
Foley replied, ``I will say, `George, I'm sure you're wrong.' '' Foley on Tuesday reiterated his determination to get a vote on a health care bill before the House adjourns for its August recess.
We've had no intention for eight years in selling; we have absolutely no intention today of selling CBS.'' Wall Street reacted negatively to Tisch's remarks, which came shortly before the stock market closed.
No more interminable meetings before making any decision.
No more interminable meetings before making any decision.
But they haven't had much luck persuading politicians and the public ever since 1972, when Eugene Cernan got into the Apollo 17 lunar module and muttered just before liftoff the last words on the moon: ``Let's get this mother out of here.'' ``People lost interest once the Apollo landings became routine,'' said Dr. Joseph Corn, a historian at Stanford University who has analyzed past technological predictions in several books, including ``Imagining Tomorrow: History, Technology, and the American Future.'' He said the reaction to the moon landing 25 years ago resembled the overenthusiastic reaction to the first airplane flights, when some predicted a plane in every garage.
Neither Blues officials nor Keenan's agent returned phone calls seeking comment, but Rangers officials were outspoken in an hour-long news conference on Tuesday morning at which they discussed virtually every aspect of the case except the law suit they had filed quietly the day before.
``We made a mistake,'' said Smith, who called it ``a human error,'' and a ``clerical error,'' even though, he acknowledged at one point, there had never been a plan to issue the bonus checks, including Keenan's, before Smith's return from vacation on Monday, four days after the contractual deadline.
``This has never happened before,'' he said.
Gutkowski recalled that shortly before the draft he had rejected a request from Keenan that he be allowed to seek a general manager's job elsewhere.
Neither Blues officials nor Keenan's agent returned phone calls seeking comment, but Rangers officials were outspoken in an hour-long news conference on Tuesday morning at which they discussed virtually every aspect of the case except the law suit they had filed quietly the day before.
``We made a mistake,'' said Smith, who called it ``a human error,'' and a ``clerical error,'' even though, he acknowledged at one point, there had never been a plan to issue the bonus checks, including Keenan's, before Smith's return from vacation on Monday, four days after the contractual deadline.
``This has never happened before,'' he said.
Gutkowski recalled that shortly before the draft he had rejected a request from Keenan that he be allowed to seek a general manager's job elsewhere.
Raoul Cedras and his chief of staff before leaving for the Dominican Republic on Tuesday morning.
The night before the boards are to approve the deal, Comcast Corp., a large cable operator with a stake in QVC, offers to buy QVC for a higher price.
``We do not have a history of this happening before,'' Briscoe said.
CBS BOSS SQUELCHES SALE TALK LOS ANGELES  (BC-CBS-TISCH-SPI) A testy Laurence Tisch appeared before the nation's TV critics Tuesday for the first time in seven years and emphatically denied continuing reports that CBS is for sale.
``I wanted to appear before you, face to face, and say that CBS is not for sale.'' Tisch also said there has been ``no basis of fact'' in any talk of a takeover of CBS.
He said CBS will be aggressive in ``making sure we have the best lineup of affiliates in America.'' He predicted it will be at least another two months before the current rash of affiliate switches is over.
CBS BOSS SQUELCHES SALE TALK LOS ANGELES  (BC-CBS-TISCH-SPI) A testy Laurence Tisch appeared before the nation's TV critics Tuesday for the first time in seven years and emphatically denied continuing reports that CBS is for sale.
``I wanted to appear before you, face to face, and say that CBS is not for sale.'' Tisch also said there has been ``no basis of fact'' in any talk of a takeover of CBS.
He said CBS will be aggressive in ``making sure we have the best lineup of affiliates in America.'' He predicted it will be at least another two months before the current rash of affiliate switches is over.
``He was fine when we got on and until two days before we got off,'' she said.
The yearning for overhauling the health care system and attaining universal coverage clearly has a wistful side, since 78 percent of those polled now say they think Congress will not be able to agree on a plan before the end of the year.
The yearning for overhauling the health care system and attaining universal coverage clearly has a wistful side, since 78 percent of those polled now say they think Congress will not be able to agree on a plan before the end of the year.
But she said that even before the unusual items, the bank earnings have met expectations.
``They say they can't build a fan base in the Bronx,'' the Mets' third baseman said, shaking his head, in the clubhouse before last night's game with the Dodgers at Shea Stadium.
When Kennedy challenged the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to reach the moon before the end of the 1960s, the space agency responded -- and it had the funds to do it.
He was enjoying the sights like everybody else.'' ``Mohammad used to work for Jordanian intelligence before he left for America in 1985,'' said his brother, Adnan.
On a per-share basis, earnings were 40 cents, compared with 63 cents before charges for the spinoff and accounting changes.
``Things have come real natural back there,'' said Dickerson, who showed running ability as a kick returner for six games last year before suffering a season-ending toe injury.
Melamede was born in Goteborg, Sweden, and lived in Israel before coming to the United States in 1967.
In Israel, he worked as an economics correspondent for The Jerusalem Post before joining the government as deputy director of the Israel Investment Authority.
SENIOR GOLFER CAIN GETS BIG BOOST FROM VICTORY KANSAS CITY, Mo.  (BC-RAND-COL-KAN) Ask in the Loch Lloyd locker room whether anybody has seen John Paul Cain, and a golfer cracks, ``You'll hear him before you see him.'' Cain, a talkative 58-year-old from Houston, actually had not been heard from lately on the Senior PGA Tour until last week.
So were co-runner-up Simon Hobday, who gave Cain a lesson before the tournament, and Bob Murphy, who has helped him, too.
When Kennedy challenged the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to reach the moon before the end of the 1960s, the space agency responded -- and it had the funds to do it.
Hamelin was notified of the decision by American League President Bobby Brown before Tuesday night's game against the Milwaukee Brewers.
Hamelin rushed toward Cadaret and wound up in a tussle with third baseman Travis Fryman before order was quickly restored.
Under Reichardt, Wells ``re-engineered'' its workforce long before the term gained wide currency.
Kevin said his father had never before spent more than two nights away from the farm.
For example in the trim department, Campbell said, sub-assembly on the instrument panels is done before they are installed, eliminating the need to lie down on the car floor and reach under the dash.
It would launch a marketing blitz days before a Computer City opening, offering bargain prices that would bring in customers that otherwise might shop at their rival's new store.
In a brief interview after his appearance in a courtroom used for mental health hearings and before he was pulled away by Mason, Hogue said: ``I've got to stay here until everything's all straightened out.
``That's not the truth.'' Last Wednesday, Hogue, 50, who has been arrested often in recent years for harassing residents of West 96th Street, left Creedmoor without permission just a few days before a hearing that might have led to his release.
Although Hogue has acted violently in previous court appearances, he was calm Tuesday before Justice James F.
The day before, she and a friend had gone to the club, which opened this year, inquiring about karate lessons.
After leaving the Senate in 1989 and before his election as governor, Weicker headed Research America, a nonprofit organization that promotes medical research.
``They said it might not be a bad idea.'' So, even before the ship left New York, the water temperature was raised to 140 degrees to kill bacteria and the whirlpools were taken out of service, Wallack said.
``He was fine when we got on and until two days before we got off,'' she said.
I think they knew they had a problem before we left New York, but they left anyway.
I'm fed up.'' Leonard and Sue Davis of New London, Conn., described how, before the ship left New York City on Saturday, passengers were given a letter telling about the incidents of the disease on an earlier cruise and offering passengers the opportunity to cancel and get a refund.
Taking over for starter Kevin Gross, Gott gave up three hits, including a two-run single to Kevin McReynolds that tied the game, before he was replaced by Omar Daal.
``It's not going to happen, so you might as well stop writing about it,'' Claire told reporters before Tuesday's 7-4 loss to the New York Mets at Shea Stadium, in which the Dodgers bullpen gave up five runs in the bottom of the eighth for the team's 19th blown save in 36 chances.
``He can get a good week of work in before Barcelona (site of the Raiders' exhibition opener against the Denver Broncos on July 31).
SEATTLE  (BC-BBA-KINGDOME-500&Add-SPI) The Seattle Mariners, who may already have thought the roof had fallen on them this year, saw it happen before their eyes late Tuesday afternoon.
About half an hour before early-arriving fans were to be allowed into the Kingdome for the Mariners' game against Baltimore, a chunk of wood-fiber tile dropped from the interior of the roof and fell into the box seats of section 113 between home plate and third base.
Keaton said the offending bay ``has caused trouble before'' with leakage.
Leading 2-1 in the sixth, he gave up a bloop single to Billy Hatcher, then committed a balk -- at least in the eyes of plate umpire Gary Darling -- before delivering a pitch that Mariano Duncan beat into the plate for a high-chopping infield single, putting runners at first and second.
McDowell fell behind Jeff Kent, 3-and-1, before issuing an intentional walk to load the bases.
Franco, drafted and signed by the Dodgers in June 1981, was traded away to Cincinnati for infielder Rafael Landestoy in 1983 before reaching the major leagues.
 (BC-BBA-YANKS-A'S-NYT) Mark McGwire admired the massive home run, watching it sail higher and higher before it vanished into the back row of the left-field bleachers.
A source said Jones wants to have their membership in the Cowboys' Ring completed before the Canton festivities.
SEATTLE  (BC-BBA-KINGDOME-1stLdWritethru500&Add-SPI) The Seattle Mariners, who may already have thought the roof had fallen on them this year, saw it happen before their eyes late Tuesday afternoon.
About half an hour before early-arriving fans were to be allowed into the Kingdome for the Mariners' game against Baltimore, a chunk of wood-fiber tile dropped from the interior of the roof and fell into the box seats of section 113 between home plate and third base.
Keaton said the offending bay ``has caused trouble before'' with leakage.
``What else could I do?'' Lasorda said of Worrell, hours before Gott blew a save chance in Tuesday's loss.
 (BC-BBA-ANGELS-RED SOX-LADN) The Angels arrived at Anaheim Stadium on Tuesday with chests puffed up and chins pushed out, so pleased were they with their 14-hit, three-dinger, nine-run romp over the Boston Red Sox the night before.
Kennedy's bold pledge eight years earlier to put an American on the moon before the decade ended.
Martin Luther King Jr. and Robert Kennedy assassinated the year before.
Shortly before it reported a $30.4 million loss in the third quarter of 1993, KnowledgeWare cut 285 employees.
First, Bad Barry, the guy who burned our blood crimson for 16 years at Oklahoma U-do-what-you-want-to-versity, flashes fake Hook 'em, Horns before 16 tripods and half the Free World in Austin, Texas, like he's been doing it all of his 57 years instead of 57 seconds.
And now, now, Darrell and Barry are mugging together before cameras in daylight?
``We certainly hope it turns out to be a profitable partnership.'' Delta's long-expected announcement comes two years to the day before the ACOG will light the cauldron for the opening ceremonies.
Just seconds before it lands at 30 to 40 mph, giant air bags inflate, wrapping the satellite in a cocoon the size of an RV.
After a ``hard'' landing, it will bounce, roll around and carom off boulders before coming to a stop.
For $150 million, the lander and rover lifetime is only a month, though researchers hope it will continue to operate for a year before the batteries run down.
To make ends meet she would load her two children, Lisa, 6, and Sami, 3, into the car at 4 a.m. and deliver newspapers before she took the kids to day care and went to the office where she worked as an insurance claims adjuster.
Vertical plumes can rise quickly well out of the reach of ground-based sensors and travel long distances before they are detected.
Some may even rise to the top of the inversion layer in the atmosphere and wait there until rain clouds form before the radiation falls to the ground.
One travelled almost 124 miles to the town of Gomel in Belarus, before it fell as radioactive rain.
Lawrence Livermore is sponsoring the conference to give officials from many nations a chance to discuss their views before the Geneva meeting next year.
He and his 6-ish brother are out in the woods with a couple of cigarettes stolen from their mom's purse when Mark (Brad Renfro) is more or less abducted by a fat-pig lawyer, a Mafia mouthpiece who intends to kill himself before a hit man does it much more painfully.
``They want to make a record smell less like a major-label release in the eyes of some fanzine editor in Spokane.'' In the vinyl subculture, there is a surprisingly widespread conviction that the LP was done in before its time by the mainstream music business.
Well before Neo-Expressionism, she made feeling foremost.
``As I was painting it, it began to vibrate before my eyes.
Wrap the pliers' jaws with tape before installing the new aerator to avoid scratches.
To prevent leaking, wrap two turns of plumber's thread-sealing tape clockwise around the shower arm's threads before attaching the head.
Toilets manufactured before the 80s typically consume 5.5 to more than 7 gallons of water a flush.
The Apollo days were the headiest of his life, he said, month after month of 100-hour weeks, seeing the capsule take form right before his eyes, even under the guidance of his own hands.
It would have amounted to a betrayal of communal trust for Adaaku to seek her brother's consent beforehand on such a simple matter as asking if ``one of his'' could join his family.
Optional add follows.) Asked what other problems remain before the opening ceremonies Saturday, Kelly said, ``Little things at every venue.'' He said Wednesday the city has signed off on construction at ``about seven of the 12 venues.'' The other five sites are in varying stages of completion, but he said he expects all to be finished in time for Saturday's opening.
``It's normal to have one or two that you think up until 24 hours before, `I wonder if that's going to be done,''' Kelly said.
It flies in the face of the traditional goals of medicine.'' Arthur Caplan, a University of Pennsylvania medical ethicist, suggests that the nation get universal health care into place before continuing to debate physician-assisted suicide.
``It's a strange nation that would create a right to be killed by a physician before creating a right to be seen by a physician,'' Caplan said.
``Ray did a fine job here before, but having gone away, he proved himself,'' Seifert said.
	Major acted one day before the opposition Labor Party is expected to name as its new leader Tony Blair, a 41-year-old moderate who has helped pull Labor from the left toward the political center.
	Senior White House officials said Wednesday that Clinton may have miscalculated the impact of his comments before the governors.
The statement noted that the tests were done in New York before the ship's water system was cleaned when it reached Bermuda.
(He was already doing quite well before that.
Coppola, who is the son of the composer Carmine Coppola and the brother of the director Francis Ford Coppola, exposed his children to all kinds of cultural riches: books, paintings and, especially, movies; Cage knew the work of Kurosawa and Fellini well before he was a teen-ager.
 (BC-CAGE-FILMS-ART-3RDTAKE-$ADV24-NYT) ``I was in ninth grade, getting straight As, really excited about school,'' before he moved in with his uncle, he said.
GOP WALKING POLITICAL TIGHTROPE IN ALLIANCE WITH CHRISTIAN CONSERVATIVES WASHINGTON  (BC-GOP-COX) The Republican National Committee begins its final meetings before the fall elections on Thursday amid growing confidence of major political gains -- but also amid concerns about the party's future.
It is not that institutions or individuals have never before given back objects to people from another country laying claim to them.
The Gacy painting is an acrylic of a clown, one of the artworks Gacy sold directly from his cell before he was executed in May for the slayings of 33 young men and boys.
In the next picture, the 1946 ``Courage of Lassie,'' the shell-shocked and reportedly dangerous canine was rehabilitated by Elizabeth Taylor and saved from execution in a courtroom melodrama by Frank Morgan, who seven years before played the Wizard in ``The Wizard of Oz.'' -- The Magic of Lassie Marketing.
Cloris Leachman, one year before June Lockhart came on the scene.
``I'm sorry that, after all my skill and efforts at communicating, the point I really made yesterday somehow didn't get through,'' Clinton said Wednesday before meeting with the congressional leaders.
Major acted one day before the opposition Labor Party is expected to name as its new leader Tony Blair, 41, a moderate who has helped pull Labor from the left toward the political center.
Various conjectures have been put forward: that Sibelius was unduly discouraged by the neglect of his works on the Continent, where they had been widely acclaimed before World War I; that in his isolation, he lacked sufficient contact with appreciative colleagues; that he felt his music to be increasingly out of place among the radical innovations of the time.
The Fifth Symphony's finale theme.'' Aino told Sibelius's biographer Erik Tawaststjerna of the day in mid-September 1957 when the composer, then in his 92d year, drew her attention to a flock of migrating cranes and exclaimed, ``Look, there they come, the birds of my youth.'' One bird, she recalled, suddenly left the others and circled back, as if to say farewell, before rejoining the southward-bound formation.
But if you've never dealt with a pest control company before, how do you choose a good one?
In most states, applicators must undergo extensive training and pass written tests before getting a license; certified applicators commit to ongoing training to keep their certification.
Doing some legwork before hiring a pest control company is important, but it's even more so for big jobs.
In the long history of political party conventions, few moments are more memorable than Goldwater's acceptance speech before a raucous gathering of delegates in San Francisco's Cow Palace.
There are places to go beyond belief.'' As he spoke, Armstrong stood before a giant photograph that he had taken of Edwin ``Buzz'' Aldrin Jr. after Aldrin had followed Armstrong down the Eagle lander's steps to the moon's surface.
That is up from 71 percent in May 1993, and just 68 percent the year before.
 (BC-GUTHRIE-THEATER-REVIEW-2NDTAKE-NYT) The delicate approach is also crucial to the success of ``Home,'' David Storey's play about the inhabitants of a mental institution who repair to the asylum's desolate garden before lunch and then after it.
Certainly many would have been tempted in the 1970s, before Washington tossed away billions of dollars on synthetic fuels to compete with Arab oil.
And a good number would still have taken the chance before the political debate over who lost high-definition television ended in rush to take the credit for waiting until the next broadcast technology came along.
Bentsen, a veteran politician and former chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, demonstrated the value of the Treasury's locally-targeted analysis by highlighting the study's findings for Texas, the populous state he represented in the Senate for 22 years before joining the Clinton cabinet.
``The drive-in represents the halcyon era when kids played in the yard, before gangs and AIDS and drive-by shootings -- a much more peaceful time,'' he said.
Needham thinks it's only a matter of time before other film companies discover the facility.
-- Since 1930, three years before drive-in theaters were developed, Hugo Zeiter of Ridge Farm, Ill., has taken his traveling show from town to town, projecting movies on the sides of buildings, where poor children can watch for free.
SHUTTLE CREW COMMEMORATES LUNAR LANDING HOUSTON  (BC-SHUTTLE-HNS) The seven astronauts aboard the shuttle Columbia grew sentimental Wednesday as they neared the end of their two-week mission and remembered another Columbia crew who flew years before them.
Needham thinks it's only a matter of time before other film companies discover the facility.
Why is it that everybody decides to go in the hospital the day before payday, anyway?
The audience gaped and the photographers could hardly tear themselves away before and after the show.
Double coats are a good idea that the designer has introduced before.
One course they are considering is taking their case before the United Nations as a human rights issue.
THAT'S ENTERTAINMENT! III: More song-and-dance treasures from the MGM vault, this time accompanied by outtakes, behind-the-scenes footage and never before seen production numbers.
It entails cutting away some part of a girl's genitalia before the onset of puberty.
In fact, new refugee claims fell last year to 22,000 from 30,000 the year before, Ms. Mawani, the board chairwoman, said.
But when the Federal Reserve refrained earlier this month from raising rates -- and when new economic data indicated that the inflation remained in check and that the pace of economic growth might be slowing -- there was talk in financial markets that the Fed might be able to wait awhile before its next move.
In the 1989 invasion that ousted Noriega, U.S. troops seized and questioned Perez Balladares for several hours before eventually releasing him.
``On this subject I'd like to say that maybe there is an area where we can achieve some progress in the future,'' the king said, suggesting that Jordan and the United States could begin working toward ``an extradition treaty, which we don't have at the moment.'' Hussein's conciliatory remarks come five days before he is to meet Israel's Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin in Washington and six days before the two leaders are scheduled to address a joint session of Congress.
Mohammad Abequa is believed to have flown with his children to London the evening before.
``After my father left, everybody was looking for a sense of direction and I had to take it upon myself to be the father,'' Michael, the oldest of the siblings, said before the Giants' 9-2 victory over the Phillies Tuesday afternoon at Veterans Stadium.
Even before that shooting, the family was well aware that Darryl worried immensely about Michael, as well as about Ron, his other brother who is a year older than Darryl.
Mohammad Abequa is believed to have flown with his children to London the evening before.
It entails cutting away some part of a girl's genitalia before the onset of puberty.
In fact, new refugee claims fell last year to 22,000 from 30,000 the year before, Ms. Mawani, the board chairwoman, said.
It entails cutting away some part of a girl's genitalia before the onset of puberty.
In fact, new refugee claims fell last year to 22,000 from 30,000 the year before, Ms. Mawani, the board chairwoman, said.
The second was a surprise pickoff throw to first baseman David Segui, who, with the help of shortstop Jose Vizcaino, caught DeShields in a rundown between first and second before tagging him out.
The king's remarks were couched in his characteristically elliptical style, and he added that it could take some time before an agreement could be reached.
The king's remarks were couched in his characteristically elliptical style, and he added that it could take some time before an agreement could be reached.
``If you are an amateur with any experience at all, these spots should be very easy to see.'' ``It's so much fun to watch Jupiter change before out eyes,'' added astronomer Anita Cochran at the University of Texas' McDonald Observatory in Fort Davis.
According to people familiar with the situation, Gutkowski occasionally had to act as referee between the two men, to force them to speak and deal with each other, such as in late March when the two men collaborated on five deals before the March 21 trading deadline.
``Neil OK'd all the bonus checks two weeks before, and there was a breakdown in communications between the Rangers and finance,'' Gutkowski said.
``He looked at the condo before putting a bid on a house which is closer to town, but it fell through because he hadn't sold his house,'' Garroway said.
The president told reporters before a meeting with congressional leaders that while he was ``flexible'' on how to reach the goal, he would not abandon it.
Senior White House officials conceded that Clinton might have miscalculated the impact of his comments before the governors.
Shortly before Taft spoke on Wednesday afternoon, Simpson's defense team filed court papers accusing the prosecution of sloppy investigative work and alleging, without any elaboration, that there may have been an attempt to falsely implicate Simpson in the slayings.
Shortly before Taft spoke on Wednesday afternoon, Simpson's defense team filed court papers accusing the prosecution of sloppy investigative work and alleging, without any elaboration, that there may have been an attempt to falsely implicate Simpson in the slayings.
``If they tell you you have to if you have more than 50 employees,'' before paying for employee insurance, ``I'd make sure I have 49 employees and a lot of part-time and overtime,'' said Wayne Sosin, owner of Worksman Cycles in Queens, N.Y., a manufacturer of delivery and specialty bicycles, who said he already insures the company's ``less than 100'' employees.
The company said that its net income doubled in the second quarter before preferred dividends and that the resulting loss after accounting for those dividends narrowed sharply.
Meanwhile, USAir, based in Arlington, Va., said its net income before preferred dividends rose to $13.8 million from $5.8 million in the comparable period a year earlier.
One would have President Clinton issue an executive order to prosecutors to use extra caution in seeking the death penalty and demand that various checks and balances be used before it is applied.
One would have President Clinton issue an executive order to prosecutors to use extra caution in seeking the death penalty and demand that various checks and balances be used before it is applied.
USAir's net income before preferred dividends doubled.
But that was before Microsoft announced sharply higher quarterly earnings, after the market closed.
Speaking before a parliamentary committee on Tuesday, Rabin cautioned that it does not mean that all of a sudden the two countries will clear up their land and water disputes and end five decades of a technical state of war.
After all, the prime minister acknowledged Wednesday, Arafat ``symbolized barbaric terror against innocent people.'' Just before that White House session, he was emotionally jumbled, confessing to an interviewer that his very viscera were in rebellion.
Still, a pattern has emerged in the fires, including the two most recent, which occurred within 90 minutes of each other before dawn on July 12, when trash was set ablaze behind the Congregation Derech Emunoh and Levine's Washington Hotel, which includes a kosher catering business.
Weicker Jr. said Wednesday that he has no plans to run for president as a third-party candidate in 1996, saying he is leaving the governor's office in January ``to make money, have fun and spend time with my family.'' Still, Weicker, who won a three-way race for governor in Connecticut in 1990 as an independent candidate and who once before considered a run for president, could not bring himself to say, flatly, finally, that no, he would not, under any circumstances, be a candidate.
said Wednesday that it had agreed to modify aspects of a campaign for a new premium gasoline product after it was challenged by a rival, Chevron U.S.A. Products Co., before the National Advertising Division of the Council of Better Business Bureaus.
He taught at four other universities before joining the University of Miami in 1986.
And, he said, he is waiting 12 years from the start of the study before drawing conclusions.
Low-level, wind-shear equipment indicated a problem just before the North Carolina crash, but the warning came too late for the USAir pilots.
``What we didn't want to happen was to have just a radar screen with raw data that had to be read and understood before it could be passed along to pilots,'' Sanzone said.
``With this system, we'll have some forewarning before a wind shear becomes a micro burst,'' Wiggins said.
An earlier version of the PUC plan was rescinded last year after it was learned that Pacific Bell employees improperly lobbied PUC staff hours before the commission's vote.
``That is a concern.'' Richard Severy, director of government affairs for MCI, said it would take a while for toll competition to open up because consumers will have to dial a code before being connected to toll call service provided by an independent carrier.
The president told reporters before a meeting with congressional leaders that while he was ``flexible'' on how to reach the goal, he would not abandon it.
Senior White House officials conceded that Clinton might have miscalculated the impact of his comments before the governors.
``If they tell you you have to if you have more than 50 employees,'' before paying for employee insurance, ``I'd make sure I have 49 employees and a lot of part-time and overtime,'' said Wayne Sosin, owner of Worksman Cycles in Queens, N.Y., a manufacturer of delivery and specialty bicycles, who said he already insures the company's ``less than 100'' employees.
``You have to ask if it makes more sense to take them down and replace them with something else, and of course that means a ton of money.'' Rain leaking through the Kingdome roof over time apparently caused the binder within the wood fiber ceiling panels to deteriorate, with parts of four panels falling just before Tuesday's scheduled home game with the Baltimore Orioles.
Until last weekend, most of them had never heard of Jesper Parnevik, the Swede who didn't know he was leading the British Open before playing the final hole at Turnberry, Scotland.
I've missed my tee time before, too.
A few years ago, Powell had fired his regular caddie before a tour event in Naples, Fla., and was searching for a substitute when his wife volunteered.
``So I walked off the course.'' But not before firing his wife as his caddie.
And a town such as Bakersfield, where the Rancho Cucamonga Quakes, an affiliate of the San Diego Padres, play three nights this week before busing on to Modesto for four more.
After all, it's only Tuesday, two days before Modesto.
This loosening and striking routine may take two or three tries before the fish is clear of that strand of kelp.
and I'll get to swim in front of my own country.'' Joining Evans today, Friday, Saturday and Sunday in the USC pool are many other of the nation's elite swimmers, seeking one last tune-up before next month's national championships in Indianapolis.
``It doesn't bother me,'' said Mattingly, before the Yankees defeated the Athletics, 1-0, at the Oakland Coliseum behind Melido Perez's nifty three-hitter over eight innings.
Perez, who had a one-hitter for eight and two thirds innings against California July 8 before stumbling, did not succumb tonight.
I said that before and I believe it.'' After a pre-game meeting with Mattingly in which the first baseman told the manager his right wrist still bothers him on certain swings and ``there is nothing I can do about it,'' Showalter elevated O'Neill into the position reserved for the best hitter on a team.
I don't have anything else to do and nothing else to think about.'' Boniol had the inside track on the job before Wednesday.
The next thing you know you make about 50 in a row and on No.51, (team owner) Jerry Jones or Barry Switzer is looking at you and you miss that one and there's perception right there.'' Boniol and Cunningham actually were acquaintances before they wound up here competing for the job vacated when Murray signed as a free agent with Philadelphia.
``In my opinion they should have been in there before now.'' Eight names presently grace the facade at Texas Stadium: Bob Lilly, Don Meredith, Don Perkins, Chuck Howley, Mel Renfro, Staubach, Lee Roy Jordan and Tom Landry.
Check out this quote from a ``Sports Illustrated'' article two years ago: ``You've got to have the dream before you can visualize it,'' Hennings said.
And both facets were distinctly evident Wednesday night at Anaheim Stadium as the Angels completed a three-game sweep of the Red Sox with an 8-4 victory before 17,180 fans.
He became head of the ministry's protocol office, a position of importance in a country where protocol was supreme, shortly before China's reconciliation with the United States.
``And he was very adept at making his government's positions understandable to us.'' In the summer of 1989, Han put the best face he could on the June 1989 massacre in Beijing, which occurred a month before his tour as ambassador ended.
``If they tell you you have to if you have more than 50 employees,'' before paying for employee insurance, ``I'd make sure I have 49 employees and a lot of part-time and overtime,'' said Wayne Sosin, owner of Worksman Cycles in Queens, N.Y., a manufacturer of delivery and specialty bicycles, who said he already insures the company's ``less than 100'' employees.
``Captains for ships of the Royal Majesty line are requiring routine samples of all water before it's allowed on board,'' said Kevin Kutz, a spokesman for the Massachusetts Port Authority in Boston.
``Eighty-four percent are in working families.'' CONGRESS The president told reporters before a meeting with congressional leaders that he was flexible on how to reach his goal of coverage for all Americans but that he would not abandon it.
According to the South Korean foreign ministry, the documents show that Kim Il Sung brought up the idea of a military effort to unify the Korean peninsula when he met Stalin in Moscow in March 1949, more than a year before the Korean War began.
MARKETS NOSEDIVE ON GREENSPAN COMMENTS NEW YORK  (BC-MARKET-NYT) Alan Greenspan managed to spook the financial markets Wednesday by merely telling them generally what he has said before and refusing to rule out further increases in interest rates.
But there were some nuances in his testimony before Congress that put traders' teeth on edge.
Like generations before them, the Bassetts bought their mountain property to escape Florida's sweltering summers and growing congestion.
``Maple trees, hardwood trees, mountains, lakes, brooks, that's why we're here,'' says Mr. Bassett, 62, a self- employed plumbing contractor in Central Florida before retiring.
Marie Bassett, 67, who was an accounting manager at a Florida hospital before she retired, now teaches crafts at the local kindergarten, helps raise money for the county's home-delivered meals program, and volunteers at the Towns County Chamber of Commerce.
Less than 10 minutes before he climbed in his car on pit road to begin the race, a fan walked up to Irvan, who was signing autographs, called him an obscene name and told him he hoped he wrecked.
``I feel like I don't even have a home,'' she said after meeting with caterers to arrange meals for the rest of the week and before rushing off to the latest crisis at the work site.
In pleading guilty on April 2 to conspiring to supply explosives intended to injure people and destroy property, Gant said he knew the explosives were ``to be used for training and acts of violence against persons.'' But his lawyer said later that his client believed the 200 cases of explosives he was asked to supply were ``to make bullets in Bosnia.'' ``My intention was to end Muslims being raped and massacred in Bosnia,'' the 28-year-old defendant from Philadelphia said before being sentenced Wednesday by Judge Michael B.
Hurricane Andrew reduced Florida's lime industry to less than half its production before the storm, but supermarket chain buyers were able to purchase the fruit from Mexico's vast agricultural regions.
``Frequently, you won't have time to get a gun or chemical weapon out of a bag or holster before the assailant jumps you and the weapons may end up being more of a threat to you than to him,'' said John Hall, a professional consultant on personal defense.
``We are hammered every day by TV, movies, cartoons for our children -- you never see movies with Arab-American heroes.'' Najjar, who worked in public health for 31 years before retiring recently, says ``the vast majority of Arab-Americans are patriotic, hard-working citizens.
This year Mays hopes to catch on with either the Spurs or Rockets, the latter of whom rejected him after a tryout last summer, before he went to Boston.
And because the makers of tobacco products make so much money, they can parade before Congress and, with straight faces, say their products don't hurt a flea.
Nazarkin did not explain why the Russians would make tritium -- a substance with a short ``half-life'' that decays quickly -- decades before fusion reactors are likely to be perfected.
As I've said before, they call them personal computers for a reason.
consumers are not learning what they need to know before doing business with an agent of a company,'' said Gene Grabowski, spokesman for the American Council of Life Insurance, a trade group of insurance companies in Washington, D.C. Before looking for red flags, it's important to understand the purpose of life insurance.
But it's also a cozy kaffeeklatsch where doctors and researchers talk about what's hot in their world long before it makes headlines.
``It was 20 minutes before they even got to me.'' Carrasco, another prisoner and two other hostages inside the protective box with O'Brien died in the breakout attempt.
The priest served eight more years as a chaplain before retiring from the Texas prison system.
Most of the ``special camps for special children,'' which Camp John Marc now hosts, were held at existing camps without specialized medical facilities on a ``when available'' basis before the new camp opened in 1991.
``I know who John Lone is,'' said the memorable villain of the recently released ``The Shadow.'' ``It's just that I have no idea who I was before I made myself John Lone.
If you've looked under the hood before, you may be able to see that something is different when you have a problem.
Others tried parading their opposition on the streets, with often fatal results, before choosing the path of emigration to Moscow.
Others tried parading their opposition on the streets, with often fatal results, before choosing the path of emigration to Moscow.
The circus will appear at the Long Beach Arena through Monday, before traveling to the Sports Arena for shows Wednesday through Aug.
The film also sets some sort of unofficial record for most cigarettes lit up and smoked in the course of 90 minutes, so many that you know these people will all be dead from lung cancer before the 1960s.
Pena said the DOT will launch a massive media campaign to alert the public and is proposing a rule that would require airline ticket vendors to tell travelers before they buy a ticket that the plane will be sprayed with insecticide.
In addition, Australia, New Zealand and Panama require spraying, but allow airlines to decide on their own whether to spray before or after debarking passengers.
So evident, in fact, that ``North'' has the scattershot energy of a Mel Brooks farce: before the audience can be sure whether one gambit really works, this film is on to the next one.
Recorded during several dates on a tour last fall, ``Midwest Shuffle'' captures the spontaneity and power of a first-class jazz group playing before an audience.
Other show times and advance tickets are available by calling (213) 466-3456, or take your chances before each show at the Directors Guild Theater, 7920 Sunset Blvd., near Fairfax in Hollywood.
You know, the one that goes, ``From the writer of `The Secret Garden' and `Edward Scissorhands,''' to which the appropriate response can only be, ``Frances Hodgson Burnett wrote `Edward Scissorhands'?'' In fact, Caroline Thompson wrote ``Edward Scissorhands'' and ``The Nightmare Before Christmas'' and adapted ``The Secret Garden,'' and never directed a movie before in her life until this one, so who knows?
Such beans commonly retailed for at least $6 a pound even before the recent price increases.
Today, there are 42 registered airlines (18 of which operate heavy commercial jets) and the aviation administration says it does not expect annual growth to fall below 20 percent before the turn of the century.
CHINA'S AIRLINES HAVE ABYSMAL SAFETY RECORD XIAN, China  (BC-CHINA-SAFETY-SPI) The airplane had barely gotten off the ground before crashing and killing all 160 people on board.
--Chinese passengers rarely wait for a plane to stop before retrieving their luggage from overhead bins.
One passenger flying to Guilin recalled a trip in which the passengers were mistakenly directed off the plane before the engines were shut down.
Details over border disputes, water resources and the fate of Palestinian refugees living in Jordan still must be settled before Rabin and King Hussein can sign a formal peace treaty -- an event that by most accounts is still months away.
We filled the van with travel toys, kitchen gadgets, country crafts and ``Fried Green Tomato'' T-shirts before getting across the South Carolina line.
DON'T arrive back home 10 hours before you have to be at work, and try to unpack, do laundry, read a weei's worth of newspapers, return all calls on your answering machine, and water your house plants in the interim.
He predicted it could take a year before I was ``buffed,'' which is gym lingo for pumped up and lean.
Nixon said a few month before he died this spring that ``the American people don't believe anything's real until they see it on television.'' ``When Whitewater hearings are televised, it will be Clinton's turn in the bucket,'' he added.
Although there is no indication that Prime Minister John Major will call a general election before 1997, Labor under Blair is effectively beginning its campaign now, and is starting with a big lead.
This architectural Security Council was primed for consensus even before it first met in February 1947.
This architectural Security Council was primed for consensus even before it first met in February 1947.
But in testimony before a Senate panel, Summers gave no indication that the Clinton administration is prepared to do anything more than talk up the dollar.
As for the mail, we need only to remind ourselves that in 1969 parcels came safely to the door, well before Federal Express or any of its competitors even existed.
Such beans commonly retailed for at least $6 a pound even before the recent price increases.
The low-fat champagne sauce, for example, underwent a number of revisions before it came out right.
But for bands like Doctor Zaius, which has never performed outside of Alaska before, the convention is a way to be discovered.
COMINGS AND GOINGS OF OUTDOOR SCULPTURE NEW YORK  (BC-INSIDE-ART-2TAKES-NYT) This summer, more outdoor sculpture is cropping up on vacant slices of land in Manhattan, Brooklyn and Queens than ever before.
Leblanc, a Frenchman who rides for Festina and has the suicidal habit of attacking and wasting his energy the day before a time trial, was at it again on this stage.
Twice he bolted away, and twice he was caught before he flatted on the final descent and lost enough time to fall from fourth place overall to fifth.
``I think they'd much rather have me where I was'' before he joined the White House staff, Cutler said of his law firm.
In fact, Dehere won all three stakes for juvenile colts in 32 days' time at Saratoga before he cracked the canon bone in his left hind leg in February, ending his assault on the Triple Crown.
But Thursday, Izetegovic said: ``Our yes is now no longer valid, if that is not self-evident.'' It was not immediately clear why Izebegovic had chosen to change his government's stance even before foreign ministers from the ``contact group,'' who are expected to meet on July 30, have decided what action to take next.
The killers forced victims to walk through the streets naked before they butchered them with knives and machetes, not even sparing women and infants.
He had never encountered Americans before and, looking back over a half century, those young GIs had seemed like demigods.
Nowhere did this story or any followup on the Montreal Protocol point out that this agreement has a very practical effect -- namely, to drive the price of refrigerant in every car manufactured before 1993 completely out of sight.
He had never encountered Americans before and, looking back over a half century, those young GIs had seemed like demigods.
That is what relief workers were saying even before the outbreak of cholera.
EDITORIAL: PULL THE PLUG ON THIS CRIME BILL  (BC-EDIT-CRIME-BILL-NYT) The New York Times said in an editorial on Friday, July 22: It has always been a close call whether the sprawling and complicated crime bill that is now before Congress was worth supporting.
Giordanella, of Datalogix, which makes manufacturing software, had been to an AEA conference once before when he was with another company.
So far, however, few companies have taken the AEA up on the school: just three attended before the July gathering.
A plausible explanation is that his administration, like those before it, fears the curiosity of the taxpayers.
He served in the South Pacific as a lieutenant in the Navy during World War II before receiving a doctorate in economics from Harvard University and a law degree from Yale University.
``The last thing anyone wants to buy is a funeral,'' said Poore, who worked as a psychologist specializing in death and dying before he became a funeral director.
Although a person need not be embalmed before cremation, ``some funeral directors will try to talk people into having the body embalmed,'' Blake said.
Chill in refrigerator at least 30 minutes before serving to allow flavors to combine.
Bake the chips and make the sauces ahead of serving time, but for best results, be sure to assemble the dessert just before serving.
The resignations could come even before the findings of a three-month internal investigation into the Joseph Jett case are made public in a week or two.
Lynch is also said to have found that Jett's phony positions -- bond purchases and sales he entered into Kidder's system -- had mushroomed to a phenomenal $600 billion in the month before his scheme was uncovered.
It sold out two home games (Buffalo and the Raiders) before the start of training camp.
On the day that Parcells was named coach before the '93 season, nearly 1,000 fans bought season tickets.
``We've been through so many changes and there has been so much optimism before,'' said Bruce Armstrong, the perennial All-NFL offensive tackle who enters his eighth Patriots season.
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) The company said that it expected savings of about $600 million before taxes by 1996.
That is what relief workers were saying even before the outbreak of cholera.
PARTIES COUNT AS MUCH AS MATCHES AT PATHMARK CLASSIC MAHWAH, N.J.  (BC-TEN-PATHMARK-475&ADD-NYT) Steffi Graf went partying Thursday just before her opening match in the Pathmark Tennis Classic.
Wearing a long summer dress, the world's top-ranked player began the party circuit at the Crossroads Corporate Center only an hour before her second-round match Thursday night against Nicole Provis of Australia.
And before she was done, Graf had changed into her tennis clothes and had dropped in on five parties at the nearby Sheraton Crossroads Hotel and in tents near the 6,500-seat tennis stadium, where the weeklong exhibition event is being played.
For the last 54 years, when Ranger fans said their prayers before going off to sleep, they asked for that One Season.
Though Carter hadn't known Hicks well, he had no trouble talking with several mutual friends who did before he even let Hicks in the door.
Because Dallas took care of me before New York or L.A.'' 
This provision, sought by Rostenkowski, would make federal aid available only for construction projects that cost $500 million or more, were approved before June 1, 1994, and will be finished by Dec.
The Galileo scientific team believes that the probe will only reach a depth of about 50 miles before its mother ship loses radio contact with it.
Seguin's holdings soared from $45 million when Dalton took over in 1984 to $145 million before its collapse in 1988 with him at the helm.
The informer returned, counting out a $2,500 deposit in cash before Ms. Solomon, who wrote a receipt for ``computer training,'' the authorities said.
The president's top economic adviser, Laura D'Andrea Tyson, also said that the White House would not object to another quarter-point increase in short-term interest rates before the end of this year, a move that could bolster the declining currency.
Ms. Tyson said an examination of the administration's economic forecast released last week showed ``there actually is room for some increase before year's end.'' Only two weeks ago, Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen declared that he did not think any increase in interest rates was justified at this time.
he's said it all before.
And because of Darryl's brother Michael, who might be the Giants' hidden MVP before it's all over.
The news about IBM was so unexpected that its stock failed to rise in earnest until 11:15 a.m., as shocked traders scrutinized the fine print on the earnings report that was released at 8:30 a.m., a full hour before the Big Board opened for trading.
The rise in the Dow was not enough to erase Wednesday's 21-point drop in the blue-chip index or the sharp rise in yields for the bond market, which was shaken by Greenspan's testimony before Congress.
PETERSBURG, Russia  (BC-GOODWILL-HILITES-SPI) Almost four years before he blazed his way to the unofficial title of ``World's Fastest Human,'' Leroy Burrell was grabbing headlines in Seattle.
The space telescope image was taken before the whammy's final two fragments struck.
Keck astronomers offered another surprise, reporting that a fragment, once believed to have disintegrated before it reached Jupiter, slammed into the planet late Tuesday or early Wednesday.
If Jupiter has a solid core, it's quite compact and perhaps likely to remain as much a mystery as before Shoemaker-Levy's much-heralded invasion.
But one day last month, the Dallas-based computer retailer faced up to what was becoming all too obvious: Like so many fast-growing companies before it, things were getting out of hand.
``They had been just focusing on the number of new stores, but before they do that, they better straighten out some of their other problems.'' As recently as last fall, the Dallas-based retailer was pegged a ``category killer,'' the kind of chain that overshadows all others in the field -- as Toys ``R'' Us and Home Depot dominate theirs.
``They want to play with a PC, write a check and take it home.'' Agreed, but you need someone to help you play before writing that check.
But one day last month, the Dallas-based computer retailer faced up to what was becoming all too obvious: Like so many fast-growing companies before it, things were getting out of hand.
``They had been just focusing on the number of new stores, but before they do that, they better straighten out some of their other problems.'' As recently as last fall, the Dallas-based retailer was pegged a ``category killer,'' the kind of chain that overshadows all others in the field -- as Toys ``R'' Us and Home Depot dominate theirs.
``They want to play with a PC, write a check and take it home.'' Agreed, but you need someone to help you play before writing that check.
Plague is endemic in Zaire, but the immunization rate there is very low.'' McDermott said relief workers in Goma began a cholera prevention and control program by trying to protect obvious sources of water like streams and wells before they became infected.
Taking the matter before the council raises the danger that one of the other permanent members could veto the plan.
Ed Belkin, a spokesman for Durenberger, said: ``I'ts not surprising to see the senator's name among those who have been invited to speak before health care professionals around the country.
``I've never been sick before and this thing comes along out of nowhere and nearly kills me.'' Silivanch was back home Thursday, 25 pounds lighter than when he got off the ship nearly three weeks ago, fit, tanned and happy.
``The children are safe but right now I have one man on my mind,'' said Adwan, as he slowly leaned forward over his desk earlier on Thursday, before the arrest.
And here in Chicago, Golden State coach Don Nelson, who is directing the Dream Team II workouts before next month's World Basketball Championships, said the Warrior trade was the worst of several deals the Sonics wanted to make on draft day.
According to some reports, the tabloid National Enquirer offered $1 million to Simpson's longtime friend Al Cowlings, who drove the white Ford Bronco during the famous 60-mile police chase before Simpson's arrest.
In response to the publicity generated by the Simpson case, Kopp already has drafted legislation aimed at curbing prosecutors, lawyers and witnesses from talking about any criminal or civil case before it goes to trial.
	AT&T and BellSouth posted strong gains, while Nynex reported a 14 percent decline in its operating profits before charges.
The president's top economic adviser -- Laura D'Andrea Tyson -- also said that the White House would not object to another quarter-point increase in short-term interest rates before the end of this year, which would help the dollar.
The historic part was this: Young got almost all the way through the session before someone asked the inevitable Joe Montana question.
I just hope I don't have to do that again.'' Last year, in the spring, Young's starting job was taken from him and then returned in a matter of days as the 49ers jockeyed before trading Montana.
In the summer, Young suffered a fractured thumb in an exhibition game that reduced his effectiveness early in the season before he came on to lead the NFL in passer rating for the third year in a row.
He said the lack of an experienced backup made him no more worried about that prospect than before, saying, ``People have been trying to kill the quarterback since they invented it.'' He said it would be foolhardy to predict when Rice, embarking on his 10th NFL season, might slow down, invoking the name of Ryan, who still was going strong as a pitcher into his mid-40s.
The merits of the case go before a single judge; the Prudential case is begin heard by Judge Milton Pollack of the U.S. District Court in Manhattan.
They also said the clients in the related cases would benefit by having their cases heard before Pollack, a highly respected jurist who also handled the multidistrict litigation involving fraud charges at Drexel Burnham Lambert in recent years.
More importantly, the nature of the shaking was unlike anything seen before and caused greater damage.
It was so sensitive that it even recorded the tiny thump on the moon's surface when Armstrong and Aldrin dropped packages of trash and frozen bags of their urine into the lunar dust before they blasted off.
The radar then concentrates on that area for approximately five minutes, scanning back and forth from ground level up to several thousand feet, before scanning the horizon again for other possible microbursts.
``We can give pilots information that we didn't have before.'' Luczkow said radar devices for 47 of the nation's airports will cost $252 million, including installation, spare parts and training.
``You can try to make it sound more sexy,'' he said of his decision to keep Hunter in his job, ``but that's the honest truth.'' Some had expected Goizueta to wait before elevating a new president.
The decision to stay open was one of three choices before the Board of Trustees Thursday; the others were to close outright or to reopen in the fall without a freshman class.
As a result, Dr. Bruce Siegel, the agency's president, said he was appointing a new executive director to oversee the 1,250-bed hospital, and was authorizing the expenditure of ``several million dollars'' to bring it up to standard before a review in October by the nation's largest hospital regulatory group.
The utility cut electrical voltage by 8 percent as a precaution after four feeder cables were knocked out of service shortly before 5 p.m., said Dan Walden, a Con Edison spokesman.
	AT&T and BellSouth posted strong gains, while Nynex reported a 14 percent decline in its operating profits before charges.
The president's top economic adviser -- Laura D'Andrea Tyson -- also said that the White House would not object to another quarter-point increase in short-term interest rates before the end of this year, which would help the dollar.
Nappi survived because he jerked his head to the left just before he was shot.
